185-2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
541
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 12, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
PETITIONS.
Mr. BORLAND presented the memorial of
George "VV. Clarke and others, stockholders in the
Aikansas and Central Railroad Company, pray-
in o* a donation of land to aid in the construction
of that road; which was ordered to be laid on the
table.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of Stephen
Potts and C. L. Madison, assistant marshals for
taking tiie Seventh Census in Guernsey county,
Ohio, praying additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of the heirs of Daniel Lan-
dow, piaying indemnity for property destroyed
by the enemy during' the last war with Gieat
Britain; which was leferred to the Committee of j i
Claims. |'
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of;;
Geoige W. Dent, in behalf of occupants of land !i
in townships 43 and 44, in the State of Missouri, j|
praying the disposition of said lanus m conform-
ity to the views of the Solicitor of the Treasury
and the Commissioner of the General Land Office;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of William
Trean, praying the establishment of a tribunal to
review the decisions of the late Board of Com-
missioner for the settlement of claims of Ameri-
can citizens against Mexico; which was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations. _ •
Also, the memorial of the New York Institution
for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, pray-
ing the publication of certain statistics relative to
the deaf and dumb, abstracted from the schedules
of the Seventh Census; which was oidered to lie
on the table.
Mr. BRADBURY presented the petition of
William H. Ellis and others, assistant marshals
in the State of Maine, for taking the Seventh Cen-
sus, praying additional compensation; which was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of ship-owners, merchants,
and others, of Bowdoinluim, Maine, remonstra-
ting against the repeal of the act for the reduction
of exuenses of proceedings in admiralty against
ships and vessels; which was refei red to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Also, the petition of George B. Clarke, praying |
that Congress will redeem the continental money j1
held by inm^received for revolutionary services; I
which was referred to the Committee of Claims, j,
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of |,
the widow of William Reiley, an officer of the jj
revolutionary war, piaying to be allowed the loss
sustained by the depreciation of the commutation ]■
certificates substituted for half pay for life; which p
was referred to the Committee of Claims. \\
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of ship- j
owners and ship-masters of St. George, Maine, |
praying that a hght may be placed at the entrance j
of Tenant's Harbor; which was referred to the [■
Committee on Commerce. \t
Also, the memorial of Asa Whitney, proposing :
to construct a railroad from Lake Michigan to the r
Pacific ocean, and to transmit the mails theieon,
upon certain conditions; which was referred to the j'
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mr. MALLORY submitted documents in sup- ||
port of the chum of Richard Fitzpatrick to indent- jj
nity for losses sustained in consequence of the j;
occupation of his land by the United states troops .
as a military post; which were referred to the Com- |,
mittee of Claims. ;j
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of.
inhabitants of Davis county, Iowa, praying a do-
nation of land for the construction of a railroad
from Lafayette, Indiana, to the Missouri river; p
which was referred to the Committee on Public i
Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Wil-
liam Dusenbury, praying an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of William Dusenbury. pray-
ing bounty land; which was refened to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of W. W. '
Woodworth, administrator of William Wood- j
worth, deceased, prayingforanextension of patent |
for a planing machine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
NEW JERSEY ON THE COMPROMISE.*
Mr. MILLER. Mr. President, 1 present to the
Senate certain resolutions passed by the Legislature
of New Jersey relative to what are generally called
the compromise measures.
One of these resolutions instructs the Senators
from that State "to resist any change, alteration,
or repeal" of those measures.
It was said by one of my predecessors—the la-
mented Southaid—on presenting to this body in-
structions with winch he had been honored, that,
if the New Jersey Senators were not the most
learned membe-s of the Senate, they certainly
were the best instructed Senators north of Mason
and Dixon's line. But, sir, I do not intend, on ,
this occasion, to repeat my dissent to the doctrine ;
of legislative instiuction, or to argue that point I
with the Legislatiue of New Jersey. I am satis- I
iled that the members of thac honorable body, 1
while claiming the right, as the representatives of !
a fiee people, to express their conscientious opin- j
ion upon national allairs, will also giant to me the ;
same privilege, in the discharge of my high duties !
as a member of the Senate of the United States; )
and if I should on this or any other occasion dis- j
obey their instructions, it will not be on account j
of any disrespect for then* opinion, but because I i
cannot permit the opinions of others, however ,
high may be the souice from whence they come, ,
to take the place of my own sense of duty and of ,
my solemn convictions of right, j
In presenting these resolutions, I will do what I ,
om not in the habit of doin#-—never before I be- j
lieve—throw myself upon the indulgence of the ,
Senate while 1 state my own position upon the I
measures referred to. j
h is known to the Senate and to the country that j
I did not approve of the bill icported by the Com- |
mittee of Thirteen—called the omnibus bill. I j
opposed that bill not because I objected to a fair
and honorablesettlementof the agitating questions |
embraced Vithiu it—for I yield" to no man m an J
earnest desiie to relieve Congress and the country i
from all agitation gi owing out of the question of
slavery in all its foi ins. I have never willingly
engaged in any agitating debate upon that subject;
and, when called upon to express my opinions, 1
have-endeavored to treat the subject as a national,
and not as a local question.
My objection to that bill was principally con-
fined to the mode and kind of settlement it pro-
posed. I prefened another plan of adjustment. I
refei to that proposed by the late President, Gen-
eral Taylor, m his message to Congress upon that
subject. I then thought, and subsequent events
have strengthened my opinion, that if Congress
had received General Taylor's plan of adjustment
of the^e questions, and earned it out in the same
liberal and national spirit with which it was pro-
posed, that plan would have been more satisfactory
to the whole country than the one which was
finally adopted. But leuhat pass. I do not desire j
now to indulge m offensive comparisons. 1
Thesrand mistake of tiie omnibus bill, and that I
which finally defeated it, consisted in thecombina- j
tion of all the measures in one bill. It was this |
obnoxious feature that drove from its support
many of the best friends of adjustment and com- |
promise. It was evident, from the day that bill .
was reported until its final rejection by the Senate, ,
that the measures combined could not pass; but it |
was at the same time equally obvious, that there
was no day, during all that time, when eithei of,
these measures, piesented sepmately, wouid not j
have received a majority of llic voters of this body, j
We all know the history of the omnibus. After i
six months of labornnd foil, it finally fell, crushed 1
beneath its own weight. Then it was that the :
real work of compromise commenced. I admit j
that the mateiiuls were gathered rrom the ruins of
the omnibus, but their a variability consisted in be-
ing used upon a new plan of construction. Each .
measure was taken up separately, according to the
plan of settlement proposed m the original resolu-
tions submitted by the distinguished Senator fjoin
Kentucky. Although tins plan also proposed a
"•eneral system of measures, yet each measure was
permitted to stand upon its own merits—thereby
leaving every member free to vote upon each, ac-
; cording to the dictates of his own judgment,
j The~propriety of this course was clearly shown ,
upon the final passage of the separate measures;
for it will appear by the Journals that several of
the most ardent friends of the omnibus bill voted
against, or neglected to vote for, several of the
measures which they had supported when com-
bined in that bill, while many of its most violent
opponents voted for them in their separate form.
It was this independent course of action—a
course which I was m favor of from the begin-
ning—which finally passed these several measures,
and secured to the country whatever there is of
good or of evil in the compromise.
More than this: it was this separate considera-
tion of each measure that has secured to these
laws a moral and a political force and influence
which they would have been depiived of if they
had been passed in combination. It is tins fea-
ture, more than any other, which has lulled ex-
citement and caused these laws to be respected and
acquiesced in by all paities. No man can now
say, with any show of truth, that these laws were
the result of combination. Neither can any man,
or set of men, assume to themselves the peculiar
honor and glory of saving the Union by the. passage
of these lavs; for they were respectively passed by
the votes of men of all parties, and in opposition
to votes from all classes of politicians. This con-
stitutes the true strength of the compromise, and
secures it from repeal. All these laws but two
have been executed, and arenowbeyond the power
of repeal. The law abolishing the slave trade m
the District and the fugitive'slave law are all that
can possibly be made the subject of further agita-
tion. The former no one thinks of disturbing.
The latter, although threatened with opposition in
a few localities, has the acquiescence, if not the ap-
probation, of the country. Nuwheie is the ques-
tion agitated with any seriousness except m legis-
lative halls—exhibiting the strange anomaly of i\
people upon whom the law operates acquiescing m
and sustaining its enactments, while the law-makt rs
are, by these ex post facto agitations, disturbing
the sanctities of a law which they themselves cre-
ated.
1 here desire to state my own course with re-
gaid to the fugitive slave law.
Before the Committee of Thhteen was raised,
and while the resolutionsof the Senator from Ken-
tucky were under discussion, I expressed, in a
speech made here, my opinions and views upon
that measure. 1 then, in substance, said that,
owing to a construction which the Supreme Court
of the United States had, in a late decision, put
upon the law of Congress relative to the sur-
render of fugitive slaves, and also upon the State
laws upon the same subject, it become the duty of
Congtess to pass some new law, in oider to carry
out more effectually the requirements of the Con-
stitution; and I then declared my purpose to vote
for any proper law that would effect that object,
I also on that occasion attempted, in my feeble
way, to defend New Jersey against what 1 con-
sidered an imputation upon her honor, that she
would not faithfully carry out the requirements of
the Constitution. No one, therefore, has the right
to charge me with any factious opposition to the
fugiti\e slave law, orto suspect me of a disposition
to agitate that subjcct.
When the Senate finally acted upon that meas-
ure, I was confined at my house in New Jetsey by
sickness. Had I been present on that occasion, I
should have preferred the bill presented by the bite
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] to the
one which passed the Senate. I tlunk that bill
would have been more acceptable to theNoith,
and would have secured tiie rights of the South
as effectually as the present law.
But, whatever opposition I may have felt it my
duty to make to any or either of the measures tm-
biaced in the compromise while under d iscussion,
yet. as soon as they were enacted into laws, it be-
came my duty, as it is the duty of evei v good cit-
izen, to "sustain them with as much fidelity as if I
had voted for each and all of them. In saying
this, 1 but express the common sentiment of the
j people of Xew Jersey, who ha\e always shown
! their devotion to our republican institutions by a
' cheerful submission to the voice ot themajonty,
. when that voice is expressed in constitutional law.
1 am now opposed to ail further agitation upon
, this subject. The quiet of the country, and e^ea
! the sanctity of Congress, dem-ind that we shouiu
! cease our disputations. Sir, my abhorrence to
agitation upon tins subject is such that it may even
