1454*
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 24,
cation in pursuance of this advertisement, was em-
ployed up to the time specified in the advertise-
ment, and paid according to contract. These are
all the facts, and yet we hardly have a session upon
an appropriation bill, but some gentleman gets up
and makes a motion to provide for these labor-
ers.
Mr. DAWSON. It is just on the eve of a presi-
dential "Election. < . t
Mr. UN DERWOOD. It is said that it is just
preceding a presidential election) and that that is
the reason it is urged.
Mr. HALE. Order! Order!
Mr. UNDERWOOD. But I do not conceive
that that has anything to do with it. I felt it my
duty to state these facts to the Senate. Here
they are. Here is the advertisement, and here is
the agent's statement. I say that every person
who engages to work for Government, stands on
the same footing, and if you make an exception
in favor of laborers in Washington city, you
ought to extend it all over the country. I am
against the whole of it from beginning to end.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangum
in the chair. The Chair would remark that the
amend mentis most ingeniously drawn, and seems
to have been drawn with a view to evadethe rule.
But another portion of the rule will comprehend
it, to wit:
" And no amendment shall be received, whose object is
to provide for a private claim, although the same may have
been previously 'sanctioned by the Senate."
This must be regarded in the light of a private
claim. Here no appropriation is made, and yet
the amendment will create the necessity of an
appropriation by the Government
Mr, HALE. Will the Chair allow me to suggest
that this is exactly similar to the case of Lieutenant
Davis. The amendment there was admitted and
adopted. It was a private claim to the amount of
$1,500 a year. The amendment made no appro-
priation; but when we adopted it, it created, in the
words of the Chair, a necessity for an appropri-
ation. If the decision of the Chair be correct, that
this is a private claim, that was a private claim
also; but the President of the Senate was then m
his place, and received it. There can be no differ-
ence between the two, except that one refers to
stone-masons, and the other to an almanac maker.
It seems to me the rule ought to be applied to
both. I should be glad individually and senti-
mentally that the opinion of the Chair should be
sustained, because it would cut the almanac maker
off; but still, 1 think the rule ought to be applied
to both.
Mr. BADGER. There is no sort of similarity
between the cases at all; and none can be made
out, except by casting some reflection conveyed
by an expression used iu a contemptuous manner
toward a highly meritorious officer, whom the
Senator from New Hampshire has thought proper
to characterize as an " almanac maker," The two
cases have no resemblance at all. The amend-
ment to which the Senator alludes was a proviso
which I offered, and which was adopted by the
Senate upon an amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. That proviso was to
continue, under this law, to an officer of the Gov-
ernment a compensation which he had heretofore
received. That was all it was.
A proposition to increase the salary of an officer
of the Government, or to diminish the salary of
an officer of the Government, is not a proposition
at all like a private claim. It relates to the pay-
ment of the salary or compensation of a public
officer. This is an amendment, the object of
which is to provide for a certain claim. Undoubt-
edly it is a private claim. These persons are not
officers of the Government. This is a claim on the
equity of the Government, for which, as I have
more than once stated, I am ready at any proper
time to vote. But I do not choose to embarrass
this deficiency bill with it; and I submit therefore
that the decision of the Chair is correct, that th's
proposition cannot be offered as an amendment to
this bill.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 24, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Piayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
SALT SPRINGS IN IOWA.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is a motion to suspend the rules, holding over from
last Monday, for the purpose of introducing the,
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of thtf Union, be discharged from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 55.
Mr. CLARK. In connection with this resolu-
tion,"! wish to make a short statement of the pur-
pose I have in view in offering it. After I have
done that, I apprehend there will be no objection
whatever to its introduction. I ask for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was then read by the Clerk, as follows:
A bill to relinquish to the State of Iowa lands reseived for
Salt Spring* therein.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of .-Imerua in Congress assembled,
That the twelve ^;ill springs, and six sections of land ad-
joining, or contiguous thereto, the use of which was granted
U) the" State ot Iowa, by tile act entitled '• An act supple-
mental to the act for the admission of the States of Iowa
and Floiida into the Union," appioved March 3d, 184.%
shall be, and the same are hereby granted in fee simple to
the State oi'Jowa, to be disposed of, and the proceeds to be
applied as the Legislature of that State shall direct.
Mr. CLARK. I now call for the reading of the
fourth section of the act of Congress upon this
subject.
It was read, as follows:
<< Fourth. That all salt springs within the State, not ex-
ceeding twelve in numhrr, with siv sections of land adjoin
mg,or as contiguous a^ may be to each, shall be granted 10 the
srfid State toi it- u-e ; tlie same to be selected by the Legis-
lation thereof, within one year alter the admission ot said
State, and the same, when so selected, to be used on such
teims, conditions, and regulations as the Legislature of the
State shall direct: Provided, That no salt spring, the light
whereof is now vested in any individual or individuals, or
which may herealter be continued 01 adjudged to any null
vidua! or individuals, shall, by lliis section, be granted to
s.ud State: provided, also, That the General Assembly
shall never lea c or sell the same, at anyone tune, lor a
longer petiod than ten years, without the consent ot Con
gre^s."
Mr. CLARK. I desire further, that the fifth
section of the act of the General Assembly of the
State of Iowa, upon this subject, shall be read.
It was read as follows:
"Sec. 5. The proceeds of the sales of said lands consti
tute a tund loi founding and suppoiung a lunatic asylum
and the other objeU herein speeilic-d. The amount realized
therefrom must be invested, and the interest only call be
used : Promdcd, That the eommissioneis of the lunatic
asylum mav, it they deem the mtetests of the institution
and the wants of the Slate demand it, in the first instance
use -88,0(10 of the principal of the tund to assist in the build-
ing and turiushingofsaid asylum : Jlndprovided, «/bO,That
$5,000 of the principal is hereby placed at the disposal of
the superintendent of public instruction, for the um; of the
college of physicians and surgeons at Kcokuck, to be paid
over as he may Irom tune to time deem advisable."
Mr. CLARK. The reading of this section of
the act of Congress 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I will ask the
gentleman from lown, how long his explanation
is likely to last? If he designs to make a regular
speech, I must object to it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 shall not occupy more than
three or four minutes.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
must be aware that discussion is not in order until
the resolution is regularly before the House.
Mr. CLARK. 1 supposed that there would be
no objection to giving ine the opportunity to make
a simple explanation of the objectof the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can proceed
if no one objects.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do object to
any departure from the rule.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Put your reso
lution upon its passage. No body objects to it
Mr. CLARK. I ask, then, that the resolution
be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon th
motion to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
introducing the resolution.
The question was then put, and the motion -was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was introduced.
Mr.CLARK. I have no purpose to detain the
House beyond a very few minutes. I consider
that my object is already sufficiently explained to
the House by the reading of the section of the
act of Congress relating to this subject, and the
section of tlieact passed by the General Assembly
of the State of Iowa. It will be perceived by
the act supplemental to the act for the admission
of the States of Iowa and Florida into the Union,
that Congress gave the State of Iowa twelve salt
springs, with six sections of land adjoining. The
language of the act is, that six sections shall be
granted to the State of Iowa for its use. Now,
the object of Congress was, without doubt, to
make a donation of these springs with the land.
But there is a proviso in the section which prohib-
its the State from selling the lands. By the lan-
guage of that proviso, they can only lease them for
a term not exceeding ten years. But it is found ex-<
tremely inconvenient and unprofitable to use these
lands in that way. They do not suhserve the pur-
pose for which the donation was intended.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Will the gentleman from
Iowa permit me to ask him one question ? I wish to
know if there is any object sought in this bill except
that of giving the State of Iowa the power of dis-
posing of these salt springs and the land accom-
panying them ?
Mr. CLARK. None whatever, except for the
appropriation of the fund.
Mr. CLEVELAND. That is a matter for the
State of Iowa to determine. If that is the only
object of the bill, I do not see why the House is
not ready to vote upon it without further explan-
ation.
Mr. CLARIC. All we want is that Congress
shall give to the State of Iowa complete power to
dispose of these lands.
The question was then put, and the resolution
was adopted; and the bill was brought before the
House for consideration.
Mr. CLARK. I now move to put the bill upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER. Is there an amendment pend-
ing ?
Mr. CLARK. There is.
The amendment was read as follows:
Provided, That nothing in this act contained shall be go
constiuedas to interfere with the rights of third parties:
j]nd movided, farther. That if any of the lands which have
been selected by the authorities ot the State of Iowa, under
the act aforesaid, shall have been legally claimed by pre-
emption or otherwise, tile State shall be authorized to select
other lands in lieu thereof.
Passed the Senate, February 9, 1852.
Attest: ASBURY DICKINS. Secretary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the question
upon ordering the bill to a third reading?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question being first upon the adoption of
the amendment, it was taken, and carried in the
affirmative.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and having been
engrossed, it was read the third time and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it is
necessary that we should do something to facilitate
the transaction of the business of this House 
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I call the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to order. I object to his
speaking when there is no question before the
House.
Mr. JONES. I have a proposition to offer. It
is that the rules be suspended, and that a resolu-
tion be adopted, providing that it shall be the
standing order of the House, this day and each
succeeding day,until all thecommittees shall have
been called, to call committees for reports; and
that no other business shall intervene until that
call shall have been gone through with. Give th?
committees an opportunity to relieve themselves
of the reports and bills which have been accumu-
lating for the last two or three months.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it in order for me to ask
a question of the Chair ?
The SPEAKER. The question will be put
on the motion to suspend the rules.
[Cries of " Order! " " Order! "]
Mr. HART. I object. The House is divid-
ing upon the question, and remarks are not in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the Chair if it is m
order for me to ask aquestion? If the Chair says
it is not, that ends it, and gentlemen may take
their own course. I shall be controlled by the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Alaba-
ma addressed the Chair, I believe before the Chair
announced the call for a division. He was called
