2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 24,
Mr. CAMPBELL. It is susceptible of proper
explanation, if the gentleman will hear it. i sub-
scribed for an equal number of documents to be
published for the South.
The question was then taken on Mr. Camp-
bell's amendment; and it was disagreed to.
When the following clauses were read, viz:
For a buoy-boat on Bibb Rock, near Wellfleet harbor,
$75;
" For a buoy boat on Sand Shoal, near north end of Ba«s
Rip, .$5U0. The above buoys lo be placed under the direc-
tion of the Superintendent or Ooa*t Survey;"
Mr. HOUSTON" said, I wish to know of the
chairman of the committee who reported this
bill, why it is that those two lights are taken from
under the ordinary control and put under the con-
trol and direction of the Superintendent of the
Coast Survey ? I do not understand it.
Mr. DUNCAN. I will state that the appropri-
ations were inserted on the recommendation of the
Light-House Board*, and in recommending them,
they proposed that they should be located under
the direction of the Coast Survey. It is a matter
of complaint that these buoys are placed by pilots,
who are accidentally employed for the purpose,
and are often injudiciously placed, and that no
proper record is Kept of the bearing and distances
ofthelocations. The committee, therefore, thought
fit to adopt the recommendation of the Light-
house Board.
Mr. HOUSTON. Of course, this is a subject
which I have not very thoroughly looked into;
but it appears to me to be objectionable for this
reason: we have now a. Bureau of the Govern-
ment which has entire control of this whole sys-
tem; and it occurs to me that it would be injudi-
cious to divide the responsibility.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I would sug-
gest to my colleague on the committee, who re-
ported the bill, that perhaps the word <c placed" is
not the proper word to be used in this clause. 1
suppose it is the erection of the buoy-boats of
which the Superintendent of the Coast Survey is
to have charge and direction, and not that they
are to be continued in his charge hereafter. If
the language of the clause is not proper, I am
sure my colleague will agree to an amendment.
Perhaps the word "erected" would express the
idea better.
■ Mr. HOUSTON". I receive the explanation of
the gentleman from New York; but still my own
Opinion is—and I think that those who have given
this subject any consideration will agree with me—
that this is but the beginning of the end. If the
Fifth Auditor does not possess the necessary in-
formation, give the control of this subject to the
Superintendent of ihe Coast Survey, but 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Alabama submit any amendment ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not prepared to do so,
but 1 make the suggestion that I think this provis-
ion is objectionable.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move to amend the second
of the clauses now more immediately under f*on-
eideration, by striking out the word " placed" in
the last line, and inserting the word " located" in
Jieu thereof. The word " placed" was inserted
by mistake. While I am up, T wish to say in
addition to what I before said, that those buovs
were recommended by the Light-House Board,
under the authority given them by the act of the
last session, by which they were directed to ex-
amine and report upon these subjects; and their
recommendation is that they be located by the
Coast Survey. They, being employed upon the
coast, can locate these buoys with very little ex-
pense, and with more accuracy than it can be
done in any other way, in the ordinary course of
their duty. They have the means in their hands,
the charts, soundings, documents, and all before
them; and they are more competent to place these
important buoys than any other body of men can
be.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish the
indulgence of the committee for one moment, to
state, in connection with what has fallen from my
colleague upon the Committee on Commerce, that
we have recently provided by law, that the Coast
Survey shall, whilst they are surveying our coast,
for the purpose of making proper charts, turn their
attention to suitable locations for light-houses,
light-ships, and buoys.
It is a saving of time and expense to the Gov-
ernment, to derive this information from that
corps, which is primarily employed upon another
subject. They can, without increasing their ex-
penses, or extending the time they are thus em-
ployed, give us this useful information.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is certainly
in one error, if in no more. He says that this
does not increase the expenses. Now, it does
increase the expenses, and the Coast Survey have
charged for the examination of these points for
light-houses and so forth. But I object to divid-
ing the responsibility of this Department. The
Superintendent of the Coast Survey is now get-
ting, not only pay for the duties of the head of
that department of the public service, but he is
also getting a large salary for his control over the
subject of weights and measures, and now it is
proposed to give him the light-houses also.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 wish to say one word upon
this subject, in reply to the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. I will say, in justi-
fication of myself, that I assented to the placing
of these buoys, which are thus to be erected, un-
der the charge of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, for the very reason that I supposed that,
if he was employed in surveying the coast, and
was paid a salary for that, he would not charge
any more for performing this service.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to strike out thelast two
clauses of the bill which have been read by the
Cleik, and I do it for the purpose of making a few
remarks upon this point. I have no opinion to
express upon this point of the superintendence of
lights. On the contrary, even alter listening to
the very able argument of my friend from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] on that subject, I am not pre-
pared yet to express any opinion upon it, except
to this extent: that 1 do not think so radical a
change ought to be made without a more thorough
investigation of the subject than it has been in the
power ol any of us to make. The report upon
this subject came in at a very late period, and I
am not prepared to change the whole system of
the management of our light-house establishment
until we have looked more into the matter than we
have now.
But, sir, I do undertake to say—and I do it from
personal information—-that so far as our inlets and
the entrances to our creeks and rivers are con-
cerned, this Coast Survey has thrown very great
light on the subject. I have found that their sur-
veys have led to the correction of mistakes, and
to valuable suggestions which I really think this
House ought not to disregard.
1 have not given to this bill that thorough inves-
tigation which it was alone the province of the
Committee on Commerce to give it; but I am en-
tirely satisfied, not only from the character of the
chairman of that committee, but quite as much
from that of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Duncan,] who has especial charge of this
branch of the business of that committee, that they
have looked into this matter with a great deal of
impartiality and justice, and I am not therefore
prepared—though I am free to say that this is not
a subject which I have investigated probably as
minutely as I ought to have done—to go counter
to the recommendation of the chairman of the com-
mittee, and of the gentleman from Massachusetts. (
I do not understand this provision as my friend
from Alabama does, that it changes the control
under which these light-houses are to be placed.
They are now under the control of the Fifth Aud-
itor, to a great extent, and I do not understand
that it is designed to change that control at all.
Am I rightabout that?
Mr. SEYMOUR. Yes, sir.
Mr. BAYLY. If it were otherwise, I should
not agree to support a proposition to change that
control, because at this session of Congress I do
not think that we have looked into the matter suf-
ficiently to justify any radical change. I am
quite willing to pass this bill with a few amend-
ments.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I avail myself
of the privilege of speaking in opposition to the
amendment of the gentleman from Virginia, to call
the attention of the committee to the law to which
I referred when I was last up. It was suggested
by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that the Coast Survey had received addi-
tional compensation for the surveys which they
had made in reference to the location of light-
houses. From the character of the gentlemen on
that board, I cannot believe that they have done
so, and I think the gentleman must be mistaken.
I find, by reference to the act approved March 3,
1851, which gives them this authority, that in the
eighth section of that act it is expressly provided,
" that no additional compensation shall be allowed
to any person serving on said corps."
Mr. HOUSTON, Here is the report of the
Coast Survey, the last clause of which I will read
for the information of the gentleman, who will then
see whether lam mistaken or not. It is as follows:
"The information embodied in this report has been ob-
tained by the facilities fui inched by the distribution of parlies
of the Coast Survey on all section* of thf roa-?t. at a merely
nominal expense, not exceeding $1,000, while the informa-
tion obtained of a reliable sort," &c.
So that the gentleman must see that there has
been a charge of some sort made by the Coast
Survey.
Mr. SEYMOUR. That is substantially as I
supposed. I did not know that it increased the
expenses at all, but I suppose the increase can
only arise from the necessary delay while on this
service, for the purpose of looking to the light-
house establishment. The result, I am satisfied,
has been a vast saving in the expenditures of the
country. We are now guided, in making up the
light-house appropriation bill, by the report of
this scientific board, which was laid before the
committee at an early period of this session,
whereas the committee has heretofore been guided,
in a great measure, by conjecture. 1 hope that
the amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, to substitute the word iS located " for the word
"placed," will be adopted, and that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia will not pre-
vail.
Mr. BAYLY. If there be no objection, I will
now withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
The question recurred upon Mr. Duncan's
amendment, and b°ing put the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to add at the end of
the clause, the following:
But no charge shall he made by the Coast Survey out of
the light house fund therefor.
My object in offering that amendment is to meet
a case of this sort: it has come to my knowledge
as a member of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that there have been charges, and pretty
heavy charges, on the light-house fund by the
Coast Survey, for services performed. In one
case, I am told there was a sum of $4,000 charged
for some maps or sketches furnished to the Light-
House Board. Now the Coast Survey has a very
large fund, and is well equipped, and i desire to
guard against this thing. When the light-house
establishment is to be absorbed by the Coast
Survey, I wish to have it done regularly. The
principle of their locating or placing these buoys
is not to be objected to, nor do I object to it, but
it should be a part of their general duty, and
should add no additional expense, or if it does, it
should come out of their own fund.
Mr. EVANS. I do not know that I have any
objection to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, but it must strike every member of
the committee that the Coast Survey ought to be
allowed to expend as much as the Fifth Auditor
would himself expend upon this same service.
Now, if the Fifth Auditor would have to pay
something out of the light-house fund for the lo-
cation of these buoys, I do not see why, when
the same buoys are placed by the Coast Survey,
they should not goto the same extent of expense,
and it is an expense which clearly belongs to the
light-house establishment. Now, if there is one
single thing in the world which has been conducted
without any sort of system or any sort of knowl-
edge, it is the location of these buoys. It is even
worse than the light-houses. They have been in
many instances improperly located, and it is often
impossible for the ships of this country to tell upon
which side of them to go. Such has been the
difficulty and abuse of the whole system hereto-
fore. Now, this Coast Survey has ascertained
new channels, and has placed the buoys in better
positions in the old channels. They are far better
acquainted with the coast of the United States,
than any gentleman who sits down here in the
city of Washington to arrange these matters can
be. Those who have been employed in this busi-
ness know far better, in relation to the coast sur-
