542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
carry me beyond my instructions; for I go against
Rp-itation on either s'ide of this question—agitation
as well by those who were in favor of the com-
promise as by those who were against it—agita-
tion from the North as well as from the South—
agitation in State Legislatures and in the halls of
Congress. Of all miserable agitation is agitation
after the fact. It is the cry of alarm, utter the
danger is passed, for the mere love of the excite-
ment. To revive a spent whirlwind that it may
blow down a few more trees—to rouse the sleep-
ing lion merely to hear him roar again—may suit
the taste of some, but they who indulge in this
kind of excitement may find that there is more
danger than amusement in the play.
My desire to secure repose and quiet to the
country upon this subject, will also compel me to
vote to lay on the table the resolution offered by
the late Senator from Mississippi reaffirming the
compromise. I consider that resolution, although
not so intended by the mover, an indirect impeach-
ment of the law, throwing doubt upon its suprem-
acy, and opening the door for renewed agitation
upon a subject which the country desires should
remain at rest.
One of these resolutions declares—
" That Now .fcrney, one of the original thirteen States,
has always adhered to the Constitution, and is inalienably
attached to the Union, and that she will ie<ist, to the extent
of her ability, any infraction or that sacred liialuimeiH."
Mr. President, it was scarcely necessary for the
Legislature to declare at Trenton, or for me to re-
peat the declaration in the Senate of the United
Stales, that the people of New Jersey had always
" adhered to the Constitution, and were inaliena-
bly attached to the Union." I did suppose that
that was a fixed fact, and need not to be re-resolved
upon.
Devotion to the Constitution and the Union—
one and the same—is a universal feeling 111 New
Jersey—a domestic passion—as pure as the genial
air of hergieen hilly, and as notorious as her revo-
lutionary battle-fields. It is wiiticn in her history
from the earliest annals to the present hour, and
it is recorded m the proceedings of the convention
which formed the Constitution, where it appears
that New Jersey had the honor to make the first
•suggestion to her sister States which led fo the
formation of our glorious Union.
Our devotion to the Union will acquire no addi-
tional ardor or strength by being nnbodied in the
'•old forms of legislative resolutions, for ii has an
abiding home in the warm heart of eveiy true
Jersey man.
lint, sir, our loyalty to the Constitution is not
derived from, nor sustained by, the principle stated
in the preamble to these resolutions. It is there
(inserted that the Constitution is a compact between
the several States, and that it was established by
(lie .States m their sovereign capacities. 1 will
read tin' part of the preamble:
VVh''ic:K till'Tomtit;.Hun ol tin- United Mint, s i.-iiicnm-
prict lii'iwcen tin* .-.['vera) Suites, and limn tlu- lni„is ol'oui
l'Vd''rnt f 'incni:
" Anil '..'Helen- me find State-, tliiimeh then ie|>ri" eiit-
"t.ve-1 in • merei;',!i < .ip.i.-itie,; ,i, St.it,.,, !n ail.i|.tiiit  „aid
t-'oiistimtion, eiineedi'd uniy sneti pim-er* to tin Oeneial
(Jmviiim'nt !H were neco-uu v to ' l.jrni a mo.i; p..rleet
• it.Hon, e'tablHji justice, nw donic-Ue tian(|U:llity, pio-
' vide l.-.r tile eoinmou lieiimci.-, promote th-= yeueinl wet- I
' l.trr, ami 'lecutu tin: lile'sint^ of tiliirtv to theim.eke.i and j
' posterity.7 •' ' i
These are not Ji rsey words nor Jersey ■leiithnents.
They aie taken Iroin the vorahul.'ry of another '
State, and are the teachings of a political school j
in, which the people of New Jersey (if their Sell- '
otors are) have never been insli:i\'it<l. Our ileio- '
lion to liie Constitution rents upon a foundation '
deeper and broader than ihat formed by a mere'
compact between the States. Our allegiance is to
a national Union ordained and e.-tabhshed bv (he !
jxwpie of the United States. Tins is tin' Cuior.
which the people of New Jersey helped ro form* ,
I hi& is the Government which they are ever r.-aJy ,
to sustain with free and loyal heoits.
i he Legislature 0f Xew Jersey wdl therPibre
pardon me if, on this occasion, i 'Aivdl take lor m- 1
ni'f.0rr,-:0^i;cittie preamble to the Constitution
of the tinted States in preference to that prefixed ■'
to these resolutions.
The resolution::, were read. /
Mr. STOCKTON. I have also had the hojjnr ,
to receive the resolutions passed by the Sena eh
aim Genera! Assembly of the State of New Jer- ''
sey, which have just been presented by mv honor- ii
able friend and colleague. Those resolutions, s'r i
! are patriotic and explicit, and need no coir.menda-
OMp or explanation or defence from me. Nor is it
Hessary that I should follow the example of my
colleague, and restate my opinions in regard to the
important matters of which they treat, further than
to say, that I entirely concur in the sentiments
which they express. I have heretofore written
and spoken as much on this subject as'I ought,
perhaps, to write or speak on any subject; and if
Senators and the country are not sufficiently well
informed tn regard to my opinions, it certainly is
no fault of mine. It would, likewise, be quite
superfluous for me to enter upon any vindication
of the course which New Jersey has taken m re-
lation to the subject-matter of these resolutions.
If, unfortunately, she may, by that course, have
alienated from her the affectionate regard of any
of her sister States of the North, I can only for
her, regret such a result, and say, that what she
has done was intended for tire welfare of the
Union—the whole Union, and nothing but the
Union. It was not that " she loved Ctesur less,
but that she loved Rome more." If the men of
the South are riot satisfied with her course, e.ll
that I will say to them is, that they are hard to
please.
Mr. President, it is a sbbject of regret as well
as surprise to me, that the differences of opinion
m regal d to the construction of the Constitution
should continue to excite in the minds of a por-
tion of our fellow-citizens, such strong feelings of
bitterness and resentment. Differences of opinion
acrimonious and exciting, in relation to the inter-
pretation of the Constitution, aie no novelties.
Bitter controversies growing out of such diversi-
ties of opinion, disturbed the country long since
quite as generally as that whi^h is referred to by
these resolution.'-. Happily they were not of
long duration. They subsided when the will of a
majority of the States became known. Why,
sir, attlie time of theadoption of the Constitution, [
| great diversities of opinion existed among the i
: founders of the Republic. Formidable parties 111
' M.i.wi.ieliu.wti , in New York, in Pennsylvania, j
J and ill Virginia, vehemently opposed its adoption,
' and in many of the smaller States there were groat
j objections to some of its provisions. It is known
i that it was not the plan preferred bv New Jersey,
and differed in many respects from the one pre-
sented by that pure patriot and eminent statesman
and jurist. Judge Patterson, from New Jersey.
Kut that was the age of self-sacrificing virtue.
Our fathers sacrificed their feelings,thenTpersonal
interests and ambition, to the public safety. They
magnanimously acquiesced in the will of the ma-
jority of the States, and excited their best facul-
ties to perfect the Constitution, and to hand it
down to posterity as a bond of Union. Following
the example of the wise and patriotic founders of
thoConsiitution andtheircotempo'ranes, I can per-
ceive no reason why we should refrain from uni-
ting as they united, 111 a spirit of geneious concili-
ation, to preserve the Constitution hereafter from :!
uilVaction, and to restore that harmony and those .
tuuemal feelings which should exist between the jj
iliherent parties to tlrs compact, and which are so :
essential to its beneficial existence, as well as to ''i
■ the happiness of mankind. |
( Mr. President, the passage of these resolutions >i
11.1s given me no oidmary satisfaction. They were ii
■ unanimously adopted in each House of the New li
! .It.sey Legislature. They imbodv the undivided 'i
1 sentimem of that State. There, at least, no dis- i!
seining voice is now audible m opposition to the i'
compromise measures. This unanimous declara- '
turn of the opinions of New Jersey, is entitled to ■'
ci eat rcapect fr.,m theStutes of this Corilcdera.-y. It
i" a voicufrom the I' ij"ders of revolutionary A'mei-
jra. -'ea is ihat State vhieli, more than
any other, was '.lie battle-field of the Revolution.
Ami is it tut; much to expect, that her examole
should (xeivise a .v.lutary m'lueiice upon Con-
giess, and toe whole country for all time? Cer- <■
tunny not, if unsparing sacrifices for <lie achieve-
ment oi^ ireeiloni, and unfaltering fidelity in
mam mining ii, .ie-evve commendation mid respect.
Sir, New Jersey has produced her heroes and ■
ner statesmen, but not her historian. "When her
history is written, that will be her eulogy. There
is no slain on her escutcheon. Her sons can trace
back their ancestry through many generations
without findinff their blood curdling in iln- reins I
of a slave. Her territory was settled by freemen, ii
by men whose pride it was, not only to be free, J;
; but just. True to themselves, and trus to virtue
: j and patriotism, no foot of her soil was wrenched
'! i >y fraud or force from the original savage pro-
;! prietors. The last shadow of an Indian claim, a
j claim to some reserved hunting and fishing
|| grounds, was voluntarily extinguished by pur-
chase many years ago. She has as much pride in
looking back to her colonial as to her national his-
tory. In the long struggle with insolent governors
and royal prerogative, her people were never driven
back one hair line from the assertion and main-
tenance of all the rights conferred upon them by
their original grant; and when the final strugglefor
independence came, she was then among the first
to enter the bloody arena. She threw overboard
the Royal Government, and established a free con-
ij stitution before the Declaration of Independence,
11 and in advance of her sister States, with the ex-
jj ception, I believe, of New Hampshire ;>nd South
ii Carolina. Of the part which she took 111 that
j memorable struggle, she has memorials which
1 will never perish. Bunker Hill and Lexington
I and Brandy wine and Charleston were glorious,
| but not altogether successful fields. They v.-ear
i the laurels of Thermopylae. But the Marathons
of the Revolution are in New Jersey. Trenton,
Princeton, and Monmouth—commemorate victo-
ries. From their bloody fields freedom sprung
disenthralled and invigorated. None of the " Old
Thirteen" made more costly pledges to the cause
of Liberty and the Union. On her territory every-
where may be seen the marks of hostile armies.
None of her old household homesteads, but are
rich with the legendary tales of plunder and cruelty
suffered at the hands of the enemy. Few of her
old families, but gave of their best blood to the
cause; and when the struggle was, ended, she re-
posed on the sacrifices she had made, and left to
others the task of boasting of their achievements.
She had performed her duty and was satisfied.
Nor has New Jersey been less true to the Union
' m peace than in war. Among the first m her ex-
i ertions to achieve our liberties, she yields to none
the palm of superior exertions in maintaining
! them. When the imperfections of tirfe Articles of
j the old Confederation became manifest, she was the
; first to clothe her Commissioners to the Conven-
| tion at Annapolis, in 1786, with full powers to re-
model the whole form of Government. She united
with New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and
Virginia, in giving .the first impulse to the move-
ment which produced the Constitution. She was
only second to Virginia in sending delegates to
tire Constitutional Convention; and when the Con-
stiftition was formed, she took thelead, with Penn-
sylvania and Delaware, in its ratification. She was
the first, as I stated the other day, to approve the
important amendments to the Constitution which
secured freedom of religion and of speech, and the
right of petition, which have been the safeguards
of the Slates against the encroachments of the
General Government. She furnished her full pro-
portion of those great men whose eloquence and
wisdom line guided your public councils, and
whose heroism has adorned your military annals.
The first bright names given to glory m the war
of 1812, were those of Pike and Lawrence, true
representatives of the Jersey Blues. The first
died in the arms of victory at Little Yotk—the
other with the memorable words " Don't give U'i
the ship," oil his lips. There she is. Thou4i
smail, comparatively, in territory, she yields "to
none m honor, virtue, and patriotism. "She has
never been at your doors begging importunately
ior her share of tne "loaves and fishes." If in
tne litetime^or this Government, r.ow embracing
a period ot three generations of men, she has
ever had more than two Secretaries of a Depart-
ment, aim one judge of the Supreme Court, I have
foigotten it. She has never had even one foreign
Minister. AV ith a long extent of sea-coast, aud
Willi an imperfect tide-water navigation running in-
to the heai t of the State, she has never received any
assistance from the General Government worthy
•i name, in aid of her harbors and rivers. With
her mountains full of iron, zinc, and other min-
erals—with her territory dotted all over witliman-
ufactunng establishments, she has borne without a
murmur her share of tiie injuries sustained from
an ever-changing revenue system. It may be truly
saic. of her, that whilst she has borne her full
proportion of the burdens of the Government, of
ie a.sked,Uttie ami received
less. Still, there she stands, this day as of old,
