1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to order, however. The gentleman from Alaba-
ma.will state his question. If it is a question of
order such as is proper to be offered, the Chair
will consider it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not propose a question
of order, but one relating to the business proposed
to be transacted.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman is out
of order.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish to make an inquiry
relating to the matter now before the House.
The SPEAKER. Is it a question of order or
a question relating to the business now before the
House?
Mr. FOWLER. I think it is. I wish to in-
quire if the proposition of the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is to spend one hour each
day upon the subject?
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose stated—to introduce
a resolution making it the order of the day for to-
day, and each succeeding day until all the com-
mittees shall have been called*for reports.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I aak forthe read
ing of the resolution.
The SPEAKER.. There is no resolution be-
fore the House. The only proposition is to sus-
pend the rules for the introduction of a resolution.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I ask that that res-
olution may be read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] will reduce his resolution to
writing.
Mr. JONES. It is not necessary. The Clerk
will take it down. I move that the rules be sus-
pended in order to enable me to introduce a reso-
lution that it shall be the standing order of this
House for this day, and from day to day, to call
committees for reports for one hour, to the ex-
clusion of all other business, until all the commit-
tees shall have been called.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that,
for that is the rule of the House now. That is
exactly what I want. One hour each day of
course. I thought the gentleman's proposition
was intended to cover the whole day instead of
one hour of each day.
The question was then taken on the suspension
of the rules, and there were, on a division—ayes
132, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended, and the resolution
was admitted.
Mr. JONES. I call for the previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. "Whatis the precise form of
the gentleman's resolution?
Mr, JONES.* It is that it shall be the order of
this House for this day, and each succeeding day,
to call for reports from the committees for at least
one hour, until all the committees shall have been
called.
Mr. MASON. I move to amend the resolution
by inserting " two hours," in the place of 4< one
hour."
_ Mr. JONES. I withdraw my call for the pre-
vious question, if the gentleman wishes to submit
that amendment, so that the House may have an
opportunity to vote upon it.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have not yet
heard the resolution read.
The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That it shall be the order of the House for this
day, and each succeeding day, to call the committees forre-
poits for one hour, daily, to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, until the committees are called through.
Mr. STEPHENS. I would inquire if the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] proposes this
as a standing rule of the House?
Mr. JONES. Only until the committees shall
have been called through?
Mr. STEPHENS. I submit, then, a question
of order. The rules of this House prescribe the
manner in which businessshall be discharged. To
change this standing rule of the House requires
one day's notice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Georgia, upon the ground that the proposition is
not to make a permanent change of the rules, but
to suspend the existing rules.
Mr. STEPHENS. I submit, if the rules can
be suspended for the purpose of changing the gen-
eral order of business without changing the rules ?
If this is to suspend the rules for a week or a
month, it is a permanent change of the rules. The
suspension of the rules can only apply to particu-
lar measures, and not the general order of busi-
ness.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say that
the House very often makes a particular bill the
special order, from day to day, until disposed of.
This proposition is very like that, for it is to make
reports from committees the special order until
they are called through.
Mr. STEPHENS. There is an express rule of
the House which makes it competent for the
House to make any particular bill the special
order.
The SPEAKER. It is competent, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, for the House to suspend all the
rules, and to make the special order proposed by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
.The question was then taken on the amendment
submitted by Mr. Mason, and, on a division,
there were—ayes 64, noes 76.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question was then put upon the original
resolution of Mr. Jones, and it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the resolution was adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Will a motion
be now in order?
Mr. JONES. The resolution just adopted takes
effect from its adoption.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that it does not
take effect until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. It is for this and each suc-
ceeding day.
Mr. BROWN, I thought it wnsfrom this day.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question,
and will detain the House but a few moments.
Some days since, when we were referring bills
from the Speaker's table, a bill proposing to grant
the right of way and a donation of public lands
to aid in the construction of the Selma and Gun-
ter's Landing railroad, was, at my suggestion, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I moved the next morning to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was referred
to the Committee of the Whole. I did it because
some of my colleagues, at the time I made the
motion, thought that it was improper. They be-
lieved that the bill should have been referred to the
Committee on Public Lands. And inasmuch as I
desired time to consult my colleagues, as I did not
wish to do anything in violation of their feelings,
I moved the next morning to reconsider the vote.
I have had a consultation with them, and am satis-
fied, and think they are perfectly satisfied, that it
should go back upon the Calendar, and go to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. We certainly are not very sanguine in
our expectations that this bill will be reached this
session.
The SPEAKER. What is the gentleman's
motion? We are acting now under the order of
the House.
Mr. COBB. It is to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. My ob-
ject is to have it go back where it originally was.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can call it up
after we have executed the order of the House.
Reports are now in order from the Committee on
Public Lands.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public i
Lands, to which was referred " A bill making |
grants of public lands to the several States of the 1
Union, for the benefitof indigent insane persons," I
reported the"same back with various amendments,
and with a recommendation that it do pass. The
Clerk read the bill and amendments.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Speaker, with regard to the
bill which has just been read, and which was
printed at the iast Congress, 1 propose only to
submit a few remarks. I do riot wish to consume
the hour devoted to the reception of reports from
committees in discussion. I will state merely the
provisions of the bill. The first section of the bill
provides for the granting of ten millions of acies
of the public land to all the States of the Union to
be apportioned on the compound ratio of geo-
graphical area and representation, according to the
late census, to be applied to the support, of the in-
digent insane.
Mr. STA-NLY. It is very difficult to hear the
gentleman's remarks, so great is theconfusion out-
side of the bar. ;
The SPEAKER. The officers of the. House
will preserve order outside of the bar.
Mr. HALL. The Committee on Public Lands
have reported an amendment to that first section,"
providing that there shall be-granted to each State
public land at the rate of 50,000 aeres for each
Representative in the House of Representatives,
according to the census of 1850. This will increase
the grant about 1,500,000 over the donation pro-
posed in the original section. My own impression
is, from all the information J can derive upon the
subject, that 10,000,000 acres are sufficient for the
purpose of the bill; and I, therefore, prefer in that
respect the original bill to the amendment. The
second section of the bill provides that the States
within which public lands of a suitable quality
are situated, shall select the lands granted by this
bill within their own limits, and that the States
which have no lands shall be required to select
within the Territories from the land now subject
to private entry. Itfurtherprovidesthat the land
thus selected shall be subject to the right of pre-
emption, and shall not be sold for more than
$1 25 per acre. The Committee on Public Lands,
propose to amend that section in two respects. In
the first place, that in the event of lands situated
within any State not being worth 25 per acre,
in the opinion of the Governor of that State, it
may select its lands within the Territories of the
United States. In the second place, the commit-
tee move to amend that second section by provid-
ing that if the lands selected by any of the States
ai e not sold within twenty years after the passage
of this law, the grant shall cease and the lands
revert to the United States. It appears to me that
both of these proposed amendments are right and
proper
The committee propose to strike out the whole
of the third section, which provides, on the com-
pletion of the apportionment of these lands, patents
shall be issued to the several States for the por-
tions allotted to them respectively, and that there-
upon the States shall assume the management and
sale of the lands thus apportioned. It is entirely
unnecessary. The act itself vests the title in the
States to their respective portions. It will be only
the imposing of an additional amount of labor on
the clerks of the land office, and the increasing of
the expenses of the land department. The re-
maining sections of the bill provide, that these
lands, when selected, shall be applied faithfully to
the support of the indigent insane; that the pro-
ceeds of the sales shall be invested in State or
United States stocks by the States, and that the
dividend arising shall be inviolably appropriated
to the support of the indigent insane. The Com-
mittee on Public Landspropose to amend the fifth
section by inserting the words "or some other
safe stocks yielding not less than five per centum
per annum upon the par value of said stocks."
It was thought by the members of the committee
that, perhaps, it would be inconvenient to some
of the States to invest the proceeds of the sale of
these lands in the United States or State stocks,
and, therefore, gave permission to them to invest
the money in other safe stocksatnotless thanfive
per centum. This is a matter of no great import-
ance, but may be of great convenience to the
States, and for that reason the means of invest-
ment were extended. It is proposed also to amend
the bill so as to permit the States, besides its in-
sane, to provide for the deaf and dumb, or blind.
I understand that the lady who has been chiefly
instrumental in effecting this grant thinks that
amendment improper. I am therefore willing that
it shall be rejected. I will not consume the time
of the House in the discussion of this bill. I
trust, however, that it will notffo to the Speaker's
table.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of order.
We are now acting under an order of the House
passed this morning, which is to receive reports
from committees. My point of order is, that we
are not allowed to discuss the merits of the bill
reported, and that as the gentleman from Missouri
is going on to discuss the merits of this bill, and
to give the reasons for its passage, he is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
