2322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 24,
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I regret that
I cannot concur with the gentleman from Mary-
land in the views he has expressed, both yester-
day and to-day, on this very important subject;
but I do not mean now to be understood by the
committee as being in the end opposed to some
reform in the direction to which he has called our
attention. It must be apparent to the committee,
however, that we are not now in a situation to in-
stitute the very searching reform which his amend-
ment proposes. What is it? Why, we have a
light-house system that has been growing up un-
der the auspices of a particular department of this
Government—the Treasury Department—and su-
perintended by the Fifth Auditor for now more
than half a century.
Mr. EVANS. Thirty years.
Mr. SEYMOUR. It has been for a long time,
I cannot say whether quite half a century, under
the particular supervision of the Fifth Auditor of
the Treasury. I do not now stand here to justify
any errors which will always exist in the adminis-
tration of an extensive and complicated system.
I have no doubt that there are improvements which
may be made in the administration of this system
as it is now organized; but I wish to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact, that we have been
advancing- for a year or two back in the very di-
rection which the gentleman from Maryland has
indicated. As our system has increased, as the
extent of this service has magnified and spread over
this widely-extended country, it has been found
necessary,for the purpose of procuring1 thati'nform-
ation which the Treasury Department and its
subordinate, the Fifth Auditor, as well as the Com-
mittee on Commerce and members of this House,
should have to refer to other boards, and obtain it
through their action. And it was for that very
reason that, at the last Congress,alawwas passed
—to which I referred in some remarks I made at
the opening of the discussion upon this bill—by
which the Superintendent of the Coast Survey was
directed to make those examinations necessary to
determine where improvements in our light-house
system should be established. That information
is valuable. By that process, without incurring a
great deal of additional expense, we are profiting.
I prefer to have it go on as at present, for by so
doing, we may draw all the information required
in regard to the expediency of these constructions
from that very able board.
Thegentleman alluded, yesterday, to some exten-
sive improvements of a scientific character, which,
he said, had been made in Europe,and which had
been introduced extensively under the French
Government, in the shape of lenses, used instead
of reflectors, for the lights of these light-houses.
Well, our predecessors had their attention called
to that subject, and they provided, in a clause of
the last bill which was passed by Congress upon
this matter, of the 3d of March, 1851, that the
Secretary of the Treasury should exercise a proper
discretion upon this subject, and wherever he
judged it would be for the benefit of the commerce
of the country, and subserve the interest of the
light-house system, he was authorized to substi-
tute the Fresnel lenses instead of the reflectors;
and that power he possesses now. It is a perma-
nent law, a permanent provision, enacting the very
thing which the gentleman desires. The law con-
fers upon the Secretary of the Treasury the power
to adopt these lenses, provided, upon inspection
and upon trial, it shall be found that this French
improvement is one suitable to our occasion, and
conforms to the principles of economy, which we
wish always to subserve.
Mr. EVANS. But the Fifth Auditor has al-
ways thwarted its introduction.
jftr. DUNCAN. I move to strike out one and
in&ert two in the fifth section.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to go
back.
Mr. SKELTON. I understand that the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce raised the
question of order, that this is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overruled that
question of order.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it in order to move that
the committee rise and report the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
pending which must be acted upon before the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] by inserting in the sixth line "two" in-
stead of " one."
My object in doing so,is*to make a few re-
marks upon the proposition submitted by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.] The at-
tention which I have been compelled to pay to this
subject of light-houses during almost this entire
Congress, has convinced me of the necessity of
changing our system, and the propriety of consti-
tuting a board such as is recommended in the
amendment introduced by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Evans.] There is a want of
system in our present light-house establishment.
While I am not disposed to subscribe to all the
charges which are preferred by the Light-House
Board against the present system, and 1 am willing
to render all due honor to that venerable man who
may be considered the father of the light-house
establishment of the United States, I yet believe
that the time has arrived to reorganize that depart-
ment of the public service. The circumstances of
the country have greatly changed in this respect,
and the light-house system has become greatly
extended from the river St. Croix to the Pacific
ocean, and over the vast chain of lakes. We are
compelled, from the necessity of the case, and
from the necessity of light-houses in parts of the
country which are yet sparsely settled, to rely
upon the officers of the Coast Survey, and of our
Navy, for the information we have of the ne-
cessity of light-houses, and are compelled to
place in their hands the location and construction
of them. There is a great defect in the present
system of appropriations for light-houses. Peti-
tions come up to Congressperhapsfrom interested
individuals, perhapsfrom individuals who have no
higher motive than to wish a job for building a
light-house, or to place some friend in care of it.
They are submitted to a committee of Congress,
who are not likely to be very well informed upon
this subject, and who are, therefore, liable to
make improper appropriations, and to provide for
hght-housesatpomts where they are notnecessary,
and to authorize too many in one district, and
too few in another. They have been located
without reference to any system on the southern
portion of the sea-coast, which, from the fact that
it was sparsely settled, and without interested
parties to petition Congress, has to this day been
very inadequately provided with the facilities
which light-houses give to the commerce of the
country. 1 have endeavored in this bill to remedy
some of these defects. The first thing in order to
a proper location of light-houses is, that some re-
sponsible board should be established who will be
enabled to look over the whole country, and see
at what points coast-lights are necessary, and at
what points only harbor-lights, and present that
information to Congress. I believe it to be im-
possible that any individual, sitting in his office
at Washington, is competent at this day properly
to direct the greatly-extended light-house estab-
lishment of this country—on the sea-coast and the
lakes.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. When my
five minutes had expired, I had referred to a part
of the considerations which I wished to present
at this time. 1 wish to say further, after having
shown that we have now, under the provisions of
the existing law, what will give us, if they are
really valuable, all the improvements of the Fres-
nel lenses, that I think the establishment of this
Light-House Board will b? attended with great
expense in the administration of this whole light-
house system. I know the provision which the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Evans] has in-
troduced in his amendment says, " that there
shall be no additional compensation given to these
officers." Without meaning to call in question
the honor, integrity, or ability of this board, con-
stituted as it will be, of a majority of officers of
the Army and Navy, I submit to this committee
whether the estimates sent to us may not be ex-
pected to be vastly larger than they are at the pres-
ent time? I think we may infer this from every
thing we see in regard to the execution of service
by military and naval men. It is not a part of
their duty to calculate the cost. I wish to retain
the superintendence of this matter where it has
been, under the supervision of civilians, and if we
have not enough of them, or if they are not of the
proper character, let us have more, or let them be
changed. I am opposed to constituting a board,
a majority of whom shall be composed of naval
officers and military men, for the purpose of giving
us estimates upon this subject.
Mr. CARTTER. I do not understand the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] as reply-
ing to the amendment of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Duncan,] but to the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.}
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York is in order, and will proceed with his re-
marks.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I wish to ask
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Seymour] a
question. I think he is in error when he states
that this board is to be composed entirely of offi-
cers of the Army and Navy.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I said a majority of the
Army and Navy.
Mr. MOORE. There are to be civilians also.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I wish to say further upon
this subject, that it is now a disputed question—
and the Committee on Commerce have files of
matter before them upon this subject—to deter-
mine whether these Fresnel lenses are, after all,
the best invention for lighting up the coast. The
present Auditor contends that our reflectors show
as good light as the Fresnel light does. Others
contend that thp Fresnel is the best. It is for this
reason we have left this matter at the discretion
of the Secretary of the Treasury. Besides, it is
well known that the expense of the Fresnel light
will vastly increase the expenses of the establish-
ment. It is expensive, and I am told, upon good
authority, that the very proposition to exchange
reflectors for these Fresnel lights, will cost us half
a million of dollars.
Mr. EVANS. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Seymour] has mistaken the language. There
is not a word about Fresnel lenses in the amend-
ment, and so far from their costing more, they
will cost less.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I am replying to the argu-
ment of the gentleman on yesterday. Whether
he has got the Fresnel light in his amendment or
not, I do not know.
Mr. DUNCAN. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to strike out the first
paragraph of the amendment of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.]
I offer this amendment for the purpose of ena-
bling me to make a few remarks on the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maryland. I can see
no good reason why we should not adopt it. It
creates no additional salaries, and does not add
anything to the expenses of the light-house fund,
inasmuch as the board which it constitutes is to be
appointed from the officers of theNavy and Army
who cannot be more profitably employed for the
Government.
! The time has arrived when it is necessary to
I make some different disposition of this subject.
| Our light-house appropriations have grown into a
j vast system. I have no idea that any intelligent
board of scientific men, appointed as is proposed
| by this amendment, would have made the appro-
! priations half as large as those contained m the
| bill under consideration. These appropriations
j are made, in most cases, in advance of surveys.
| They are generally gotten up by local influences,
j and oftentimes without much reference to the
wants of commerce. If an intelligent board had
; control of the subject this abuse would be cor-
j rected.
j There is another reason why this board should
be created. If the Fifth Auditor, against whom
I have nothing to say, were a young man who
kept pace with the science and improvements of
I the day, still it would be impossible for him to
i supervise the present system so as to correct its
j abuses. It is impossible for him to leave his office
. in Washington for that purpose, and he has no
! men of science under his order whom he can de-
1 tail for that service. Some new arrangement is
loudly called for by the public interests. It has
i been demonstrated by the report of the Light
! House Boaid, that our whole system of light is
badly managed. It needs more supervision than
; the Fifth Auditor can give to it. The report to
i which I have alluded, shows that in our system,
; the towers and buildings are not generally well
constructed, so much so, that large sums for re-
pairs are annually required, that they are deficient
in accommodations for necessary supplies, that
the lanterns are badly constructed, and that there
