1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1450
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. STUART, Will the Chair state the ques-
tion to the House?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] moved that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon House bill No. 64, shall be terminated in
five minutes after the committee shall next have
resumed its consideration. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bayly] moved to amend by striking
out "five minutes" and inserting "two hours."
Upon that thegentleman from Michigan demanded
the previous question. Thegentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Cljngman] then moved to lay the
resolution upon the table. Upon that motion the
yeas and nays were demanded, and, upon a divis-
ion ,there were 17 in the affirmative and 52 in
the negative. The Chair decided that, according
to the Constitution, which says that" the yeas
4 and nays of the members of either House, on any
4 question, at the desire of one fifth of those present,
4 be entered on the Journal," they were ordered.
From that decision, the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] takes an appeal; and
the gentleman from New Yoilc"[Mr. Dean] moves
to lay the appeal upon the table. The question,
therefore, now is, Shall the appeal lie upon the
table ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I desire to ask the Chair
if the noes were called forwhen, upon the demand
for the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the
resolution upon the table, the Chair announced
that there were 17 in the affirmative?
The SPEAKER. They were counted, and the
Chair announced the number as 52.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The point J make is, that
when the Chair announced that there were 17 vo-
ting for the yeas and nays, and the other side was
not called for, it was irregular for the Chair to
count the other side.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order.
Mr. CLTNGMAN. [movea call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion that there be a call of the House cannot be
made at this time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I submit that it is a motion
which takes precedencc of the one then pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will indulge the
gentleman in his motion.
Mr- CLINGMA.N. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr, HART. Is it in order to move that the
House do now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HART. I make the motion.
The question was taken, and the result was—
ayes 67, noes 52.
Mr. HIBBARD. I demand the yeas andnavs.
The yeas and nays were ordered—ayes 2(j,
noes S3.
The question was then again taken, and the re-
sult was—yeas 64, nays 90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now withdrawmy motion
for a call of the House. I also, with an under-
standing with the gentleman from Michigan over
the way, (Mr. Stuart,] withdraw the motion to
lay the resolution upon the table, and the appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER.. Then the question will recur
upon the adoption of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Virginia to the resolution of the
gentleman from Michigan, to strike out "five min-
utes '' and i n sert4 4 two hours.''
Mr. STUART. If it is admissible, I will with-
draw the demand for the previous question, and
modify my motion to suit the wishes of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bayly.]
The resolution was then reported, as follows:
Resolved, That all debate in Committee of the Whole
on ihc state of the (Jnion, upon House hill No. 44, making
appropriation* lor the payment of invalid and other pen-
sion* of the Flitted States for the fiscal year ending June
U0, 18,>3, shall cease in two hom* after the committee shall
again have resinned the con^ideiation ot the sane. Ami
it the committee shall not sooner come to a conelu-ion, it
shall then ptuceed to veto upon such amendments as may
be pending, or shall be offered, and shall report it to the
House with such amendments as may have been agieed to
by the committee.
Mr. HOUSTON". I desire to appeal to the
gentleman from Virginia, and the gentleman from
Michigan, if they desire to hang speeches upon
political subjects upon this biii, to allow this bill
to pass, and 1 will then call up one of the general
appropriation bills, upon which they can make as
many speeches as they like.
Mr. STUART. I demand the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then put, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. STUART. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then put, and there were, on
a division—yeas 9(1, noes not counted; so the mo-
tion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first business
before the committee was, the consideration of
House bill No. 44, making appropriations for the
payment of pensions.
Mr. WASHBURN" addressed the committee
an hour, in regard to the compromise measures,
and the futility of attempting, by declaratory res-
olutions, to give those measures greater force, or
more durability, than the laws themselves are cal-
culated to give. [J I is speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. BAYLY. I move that the Committee do
now rise.
Thequestion was put and the motion agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the chairman,
(Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut,) reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
the state of the Union generally, and patticularly
House bill No. 44, to make appropriation for the
payment of invalid and other pensions for the
United States, for the fiscal year ending the 30th
June, 1833, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution. 1 ask that it may be read for inform-
ation.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that m the present condition of the proposition of
the gentleman from Tennessee, the motion can-
not be entertained.
RESOLUTION FOR ADJOURNMENT.
The resolution was then read as follows:
Retired, fif the Senate conem.) That tin* House ac'joum
sine <*le on the fir.-t Momliyiu Au^ti.4, at 12 o'clock, m.
[Cries of" Object"']
Mr. HARRIS. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion agreed to,
and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 25, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littletox F. Morgan7.
Mr. WADE presented eight petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying that the bill now pending before
Congress, granting to every citizen of the United
States who is the head of a family one hundred
and sixty acres of land, may become a law; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr, CLARKE presented a petition of officers
of the Navy and the Marine Corps, praying that
the bill now pending before Congress providing
additional compensation to officers and men of the
Navy who have served, or are serving, on the
coast of California and Mexico, may become a
law; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
- Mi\ RUSK presented the memorials of Adolph
Seuzneau, of Henry Grisner, and of Simeon Re-
mer, praying the appointment of a tribunal to re-
view the decisions of the late Board of Commis-
sioners for the settlement of claims of American
citizens against Mexico; which were referred to
the select committee appointed on the subiect.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of citizens
of Virginia, bordering on the Potomac, opposite
and above Georgetown, District of Columbia,
praying that the compact between the Govern-'
mentand the corporation of Georgetown,by which
the latter is required to keep a bridge across* the
Potomac at the foot of the Little Falls, be adhered
to, and that no other modification be made except
to so extend the said bridge over the fiat as to' pre-
vent future interruption by freshet or other cas-
ualties; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of the theolo-
gical students at Meadville, Pennsylvania,praying
that the bill now pending before Congress grant-
ing to every citizen of the United States who is
the head of a family one hundred and sixty acres
of land, may become a law; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of res-
idents of Northampton county, Pennsylvania,
praying the foimation of a new' mail route from
Nazareth, Upper Nazareth township, to Moores-
burg, in Moore township; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of citizens of Scranton, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the bill nowpendinghefore
Congress granting to every citizen of the United
States who is the head of a family one hundred
and sixty acres of land, may becomealaw; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Franklin county, Indiana, praying that
the bill now pending before Congress granting to
every citizen of the United States who is the head
of a famiiy one hundred and sixty acres of land^
may become a law; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented the petition
of Tillmghast Mowry and Phcehe Vaughn, heirs
of John Alowry, praying to be allowed land and
other compensation for the services of said Mowry
in the revolutionary wai,and in the last war with
Great Britain; which was referred to the Commit
tee on Private Land Claims,
Also, the petition of John P. Smith, adminis-
trator of John Smith, praying to he allowed bounty
land for the services of said John Smith during
the war of the Revolution; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land-Clamis.
Also, documents in relation to the claim of John
Walker to a pension and bounty land for services
during the last war with Great Britain; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of L. L.
Chapman, praying an appropriation to aid in the
further investigation of his discovery of physi-
cal laws, by which premonitions of atmospheric
changes and their effects can be obtained in ad-
vance; which was refeiTed to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition of citizens of New Jersey, pray-
ing the adoption of measures for the amicable ad-
justment of international controversies: which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. DAWSON presented a petition of citizens
of Clarke and Jackson counties, Georgia, praying
the adoption of measures for the amicable adjust-
ment of international controversies; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Roxbury, Massachusetts, and a petition of citi-
zens of Newton, New Hampshire, praying that
the bill now pending before Congress, granting to
every citizen of the United States who is the head
of a "family one hundred and sixty acres of land,
may become a law; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the memorial of A. L. Ackley, praying
the repayment of duties on machinery imported
by him in the year 184h'; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
Sunderland, Massachusetts, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, granting to every
citizen of the United States who is the head of a
family one hundred and sixty acres of land, may
become a law; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of travelers on the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers, praying that a law may be
passed reauirina: the owners of steam-vessels, and
engines used on land, to use Evans's safety ^uard,
to "prevent explosions; which was ordered to be
laid on the table.
