1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S4?
The Speaker also laid before the House the fol- j
lowing Executive communications, viz: j
I. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, ;
transmitting a copy of a communication from j
that Department to the Committee of Ways and j
Means, on the subject of custom-houses in the \
course of erection, or authorized to be constructed; ;
which, on motion by Mr. Houston, was, with the j
accompanying documents, ordered to lie on the j
table, and be printed. .J
II. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury .!
in relation to^certain bonds of the State of Ar- 1
kansas, held m trust for the Chickasaw Indians, j
and submitting an estimate for one year's interest :
thereon; which was referred to the Committee of ;
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed. j
III. A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, !
transmitting two communications from the Secre- '
tary of the Interior, covering estimates for run- ;
ning and marking the northern boundary of Iowa;
and also for expenses in connection witii the geo- ■
logical surveys and reports made by Messrs. j
Foster and Whitney; which, on motion, was, with |
the accommanying documents, referred to the |
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered to j.
be printed. j
IV. A letter from the Secretary of War, trans- j
mitting copies of the official Army Register, for j
the year 1852; which was ordered to lie on the !
table, and be printed. i
V. A letter from the PostmasterGeneral, trans- ;
mitting, in compliance with law, a copy of a con- '
tract for mail transportation between Charleston, j
South Carolina, and Havana; also, a statement i
of the amount of postages derived therefrom; also, ;
a copy of the contracts entered into with the Pa-
cific Mail Steamship Company for an increase of
service; which said letter and accompanying doc-
uments were referred to the Committee on the
Post Office ami Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
VI. Also, a letter from the Postmaster Gene- :
ral, transmitting information in answer to the res-
olution of the House of Representatives of the
26th ult., relative to the allowance since 1849 of j
claims heretofore disallowed or suspended; which,
on motion by Mr. Fuller, of Maine, was, with
the accompa'ning documents, ordered to lie on the
tableland ue printed.
kossuth and european liberty.
The SPEAKER. I am charged with the pre-
sentation to the House of the proceedings of a
meeting held in the Capitol at Albany, New York,
in relation to Kossuth and European liberty.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
communication be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Let us hear
what it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that d be
laid upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia I  *k that it
be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very long.
Mr. BAYLY. I will suggest to the gentleman
from Georgia that there is a very long string of
resolutions, which will take the Clerk an hour to
read.
Mr. SWEETSER. I call for a division on the
proposition to lay upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is it a memorial or resolu-
tion? What is its nature:
The SPEAKER. There are several resolu-
tions and one or two speeches in the paper.
Mr. STEPHENS. Where does it emanate
from 5
The SPEAKER. Albany, New York.
Mr. STEPHENS. I ask for the reading of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, withdrew his mo-
tion to lay upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I withdraw the call
for the reading of the paper.
The question was then taken, and the paper was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
senate bills referred.
The vSPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing bills from the Senate; which were severally
read a fust and second time by their titles, and
referred as indicated below:
No. 38. An act for the relief of M. K. War-
rington and C. St. J. Chubbs, executors of Cap-
tain Lewis Warrington and others; referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
No. 55. An act to relinquish to the State of
Iowa flie lands reserved for salt springs therein;
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
No. 111. An act for the relief of William A.
Richmond; referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
No. 137. An act to confirm the claim'of John
Ervin to a certain tract of land in the Bastrop
Claim; referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
No. 150. An act for the relief of Francis P.
Gardner; referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
No. 171. An act for the relief of Jane Irvin; re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims^/
lieutenant colonel mitchell.
Senate bill No. 161, for the relief of Lieutenant
Colonel Mitchell, of the State of Missouri, was
then taken up in its order, and read a first and
I second time by its title.
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Why not pass
! that bill?
j [A message was here received from the Senate,
! by the hands of their Secretary, Asbury Dickists,
j Esq.]
; Mr. EVANS. T have no objection to the refer-
j ence of the bill to the Committee on Military Af-
J fairs; but in two or three minutes I can explain its
j nature to the House.
j The SPEAKER. No motion was made to
| refer.
! Mr. EVANS. I make a motion to put the bill
1 upon its passage.
I Mr. DANIEL. I object.
The bill was then read by the Clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It contains an ap-
propriation.
the SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the bill
must be referred.
Mr. EVANS. If the bill must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, 1 do not propose to discuss it.
Air. DANIEL. Does the Speaker decide that
the bill must goto the Committee of the Whole?
The SPFiAfftR. The Chair so decides.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to put it upon its passage.
Mr. DANIEL. I object, and move to refer the
bill to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. EVANS. 1 have the floor upon it at
any rate. Harmony was a Santa F<* trader- 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman make a '
motion to refer ?
Mr. EVANS. I am speaking to the motion
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Daxiel,] to refer the bill to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. DANIEL. I submitted the motion that it
be referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and not the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mu EVANS. Harmony was a Santa Fe
trader. lie had a large number of wagons,
containing valuable merchandise, which he was
| conveying on the route between Santa Kg and
i Chihuahua. Colonel Doniphan's force took pos-
• session of these wagons, partly, I believe, for the
use of the army of the United States, and partly
to prevent Harmony's further advance. Colonel
Mitche'l was the officer who executed the com-
uttind of Colonel Doniphan. Harmony came be-
ll fore the last Congress and asked for relief, and u
; has uniformly reported in his favor. 1 think a bill
!i for his relief passed through this House, and once
!! through the Senate, bui. it never parsed both
Houses at the same session; of this, however, I
am not certain, and it is of no consequence. Har-
mony told me himself, that he was tired of this
sort of business, and could not afford to come to
Washington and run after the Houses of Con-
gress, but intended to go West and sue Colonel
Mitchell. He did bring a suit against him, recov-
ered the sum of $97,000, and I am informed that
'' he is about to levy an execution on the property
! of Colonel Mitchell. This property will be sacri-
,' fined, unless we move in this matter rapidly. If
• that execution be levied, the whole amount of
'i the bill will not by any means compensate Col-
'! onel Mitchell for the damage which he will have
j! suffered. Every one knows that a sheriff's sale
|j must be for cash. You do not sell there upon
II credit; at least it is not so in my State, nor by the
I common law. Colonel Mitchell's property must
be sacrificed if a cash sale take place, and unless
;! we pajss the bill now, we cannot indemnify him
with $97,000. If we do not pass it, there will be
another claim by Colonel Mitchell for the sacri-
fice upon his property, perhaps to the amount of
$97,000 more. Colonel Mitchell was only obey-
ing the command of his superior officer, and ought
clearly not to suffer.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. What court ren-
dered judgment against him?
Mr. EVANS. The United States court in
Missouri.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Harmony is a resident of
New York. Colonel Mitchell, while traveling in
the State of New York, was served with a process
from the district court of the United States, and
judgment was rendered against him by the United
States court over which Judge Nelson presides.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Iwillstste,
that all chance of appeal has been cut off, from the
fact that Harmony sent the record of the judgment
he obtained in New York, to Missouri, and there
obtained a judgment upon the record against
Mitchell, at St. Louis, where his property lies.
Mr. EVANS. I do not propose to occupy the
time oft he House any longer. I merely wanted to
make an explanation. If the House chooses to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, let it go; but I am afraid we
shall have more to pay hereafter than we should
have now.
Mr. VENABLE next obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. DANIEL. A remark made by the gentle-
man from Maryland, was calculated to produce
some mistake as to the action of the different
branches of Congress in regard to this matter. I
understood him to say that the wholeamonntof this
judgment had been heretofore reported on in oneor
the other branch of Congress. Now the amount
which the Military Committee of the last Con-
gress thought ought to be awarded was only some
$30,000; and if by any failure to make aproperde-
fence, the claimant has suffered a larger sum to be
recovered, I see no moral obligation resting on the
Government to pay it.
Mr. VENABLE. I desire to make but a sin-
gle remark. I have examined this case.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to make a single remark?
Mr. VENABLE. 1 will yield the iloor in a
moment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I merely desire to make
one statement m reference to what the gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] has just
Mr. VENABLE. Very well, I yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. During the last Con-
gress, when the claim of Harmony was presented,
it went to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
was referred to me by that committee. I reported
a bill, which will be found among the papers 'of
the last Congress, allowing the Secretary of the
Treasury to settle with him for the goods he had
lost, as he alleged, by the orders of the Govern-
ment, through its officer in New Mexico or Chi-
huahua, limiting the amount, however, to $30,000.
Mr. Harmony claimed at one tune $60,000, but
he was content to receive $30,0(H), and said that
amount would cover his entire loss. These facts
| were known, I^flMnk. to all the members of the
| Military Comnnttee of the last Congress. The
' bill for the relief of Harmony foiled, and a suit
I was then instituted against Colonel Mitchell.
Now, the fact «t which I wish to arrive is this:
, whether he made a proper defence when he was
, sued.
!; Mr. VENABLE. If I am correctly informed,
II these ftre the facts; That upon the suit b
j' brought against Colonel Mitchell, he informed the
' Department here of it; that the suit was tried in
i! New York, and that the United States District
'! Attorney defended the suit; that the Department
i here provided means, for the defence of the suit;
| that it was contested inch by inch; and that dam-
! aires were recovered by Harmony agamst Colonel
I Mitchell.
: Mr. BISSELL. Those are the facts. 1 was
; in New York at the time.
Mr. VENABLE. The former Secretary of
War, Governor Maicy, was the counsel of Mitch-
, ell. The case was thoroughly investigated, and
1 upon being investigated Mitchell was held liable
, for having obeyed the orders of Colonel Doni-
! phan, in seizing the property of Harmony- The
