JS24
THE COlSUitEiSSlONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
It can be done by-
Is the motion to adjourn
Mr, BAYLY, of Virginia.
unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER.
WMr' MEADE. I will withdraw it to hear what
the gentleman from Kentucky has to say.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My friend from Vir-
ginia having kindly withdrawn his motion, my
object is to ask the unanimous consent of the
House to take up and pass a private bill which
has been reported from the Committee on Claims, j
and which Appeals both to the justice and to the
sympathies of this House. It is a hill for the re-
lief of the widow and orphan children of the late
Colonel William R. McKee, who commanded the
second Kentucky regiment, and fell at the battle
of Buena Vista. His horse, accoutrements, and
some money upon his person, were taken fiom
him by the Mexican forces, and the Committee
on Claims have reported a bill for the relief of
his widow'and children, covering a sum sup-
posed to be equal to the amount of money upon
his person, and the value of his horse and accou-
trements. I need not say to this House, that he
spent thrice as much money m raising the rai-
ment as the sum now asked as an act of justice,
for his widow and children, who are suffering.
If the House onlv saw a letter which 1 have
received on the subject, they would not hesitate a
moment to comply with my request. The bill
has passed the Committee on Claims, and 1 hope
the House will take it up.
Mr CARTTER. There are one hundred cases
just as meritorious as this, and I will not consent
that one should be taken up now, unless all of
them can be acted on.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will vote for them
all if they are as meritorious as this.
Mr. AVERETT. I rise to a question of order.
It has'been shown that there is no quorum present,
and 1 submit that we have no right to transact
business without  
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will allow this bill to be acted on.
Mr. CARTTER. If we had time to act upon
them all, I should be willing this should be acted
on with the rest, but as we have not, I object.
etherization.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to what ought to he a
question of privilege—abuse in the Capitol. I am
quite sure the Speaker will have it covrecUd when
it comes to his knowledge. I understand a com-
mittee-room of this House is used as a sort of
restaurant, where liquor is used by persons hav-
ing claims before Congress. 1 know the Speaker
will have it corrected when it comes to his knowl-
edge. It is an abuse from which we suffer every
^ivir. BRECKINRIDGE. If it be in order, as
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cartter] has ob-
jected to taking up the bill indicated by me a mo-
ment ago, and, therefore, unanimous consent can-
not be had, I will move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. I* is not in order to move to
suspend the rides. There is already such a mo-
tion pending when it was ascertained that there
was no quorum present.
Mr. CARTTER. I will *«y to my friend from
Kentucky, that if he will bring forward the case
of Mrs. Hertzel, which stands upon fully as high
merits as is presented by his case, I will torego
my objection.
Mr. AVERETT. I rise to a question of order.
Debate is not in order.
The SPEAKER. Not except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. AVERETT. i move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. 1 call for tell-
ers in order to see whether There i.-3 a quo>,mn
present.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. HENN. Is it in order to move ihat the
House take a recess?
The SPEAKER. Not excepr by unanimous
consent.
Objection was made.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Aver-
ett's motion, and it was agreed to; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock.
j-nrmox^.
The folluwuvj petitions were presented under the rule,
and referred t-> the appreciate cuimmiees :
By Mr. BROWN, ofMissi«ippi: The petition of Joseph
S. Houston and f>i others, of Mississippi, praym? for the
removal of the land office trom Augusta to PauMuu, in
that State.
AitiO, the petition of J. 13ow«e> and 7 others, for the same.
Also, the petition of James Campbell and 18 others, ior
the same.
Also, the petition of E. Bradsh.uv and 43 others, toi the
f-ame.
Also, the petition of John C. Tenell and 133 other.-, tor
the same.
Also, the petition of Win. A. Stono and 17 others, Sena-
tors, and Stephen D. Johnson and 71 others, memners, of
the Mississippi Legislature, making the same piayer, and
also praying for change of the boundaries of the Augusta
and Washington land districts.
By Mr. SIBLEY: Papers relating to the claim of Wtl
liam Dahl, for services as assistant marshal in taking the
census of 1850.
IN SENATE. |
Wednesday, Jhigust%5> 1852. j
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler, j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the i
Senate a communication from the Department of j
the] Interior, communicating, in answer to a reso- |
lution of the 9th instant, a report from the Super- ;
intendent of the Census, with various documents
connected therewith; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that I shall, in
half an hour, move to take up the civil and diplo-
matic bill.
JAMES POOL.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to postpone the
previous orders, in order that the Senate may pro-
ceed to the consideration of a joint resolution to
authorize the settlement of the accounts of James
Pool. I make this appeal to the Senate as a matter
of charity. This man is a poor blacksmith who
has been here during the last eight or nine months,
and has a small claim against the Government.
He has been prosecuting it himself at his own ex-
pense, and he has appealed to me to ask the Sen-
ate to take it up.
The motion was agreed to. The joint resolu-
tion was accordingly read a second time, and con- \
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. j
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi- !
cers of the Treasury to adjust and settle, upon
principles of equity and justice, the claim of James
Pool, ausing out of the service of himself and his
striker, in the blacksmith shops of the Senaca,
the Delaware, and the Shawnee tribes of Indians,
and pay him any balance that may be found
due, provided that the amount shall not exceed
$3,521 07.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, I move to
postpone all prior orders, for the purpose of taking
up the bill from the House, to " provide for execu-
ting the public printing and establishing the prices
thereof, and for other purposes." I think, if we
design to pass the bill at all this session, it ought
to be passed to-day. We are obliged to have the
public printing; and I hope we shall immediately
proceed to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that motion will not
be urged. It will necessarily lead to debate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Suppose it should lead to
debate; if we do not act upon it to-day, then there
will be no use taking it up to-morrow. It will lead
fo no more debate to-day than to-morrow. It. is a
public measure that ought to be acted upon, and I
want to have the final action of the Senate upon it.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall be compelled to vote
against the motion of the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, though I always vote with great
reluctance against any motion made by him. This
is a question that has been a long time before us,
and 1 think it ought to have been disposed of long
since, when we could have had time to consider
it. But now, if it is passed at all, it must be
passed without considex'ation; because, within the
{united time which we can now devote to it, I deem
it impossible that Senators who have not looked
thoroughly into it, can act understanding^ upon
it. I shall be compelled to vote against taking up
I the bill, because, if it is taken up, it will postpone,
' and perhaps defeat measures which are of indis-
j penaole necessity.
; Mr. SMITH. Mr. President, it is known to
' the Senate that I am a member of the Committee
! on Printing. My honorable friend from Arkan-
i sas [Mr. Borland] was chairman of that commit-
tee for the whole of* the last Congress, and during
a great part of the present session; and I certainly
regret very much that he has retired from the com-
mittee. This subject has been before the Commit-
tee on Printing, consisting, at present, so far as
the Senate is concerned, of the honorable Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin1,] who is chairman,
my friend from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] and myself.
If this bill should be taken up, my friend from
Maine, with my concurrence, is prepared to sub-
mit an entire substitute for it, which will be seri-
ously urged upon the attention of the Senate.
Whether a majority of the body would be pre-
pared to concur in that substitute, I do not know.
But if it should be rejected, I have to say to the
Senate, that I shall propose, and I presume that
i my friend from Maine may also propose, several
i important amendments to the bill.
| I have become convinced that it is absolutely
i necessary that we should change the existing sys-
| tem for the execution of the public printing, and
; I am prepared to go with the honorable Senator
, from Pennsylvania in an effort to make a suitable
! and proper change in that system. But, sir, the
| subject ought to be fully and carefully examined
i by the Senate. My own belief is that it will take
i several days to examine it, and to bring the Sen-
ate to a judgment upon the subject. It is utterly
! vain to think of passing this bill at the present
; session of Congress, and if it be taken up it will
i be to the sacrifice of business that is now nearly
! completed, and to the prejudice of the public in-
1 terests in a very high degree.
There is no necessity of passing this bill at the
present session of Congress. 1 will concur with
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, to make
this bill, if it be in order to do so, the special order
! for the first day of the next session of Congress,
i We can then take itup when wemajr have leisure;
we can give it a full and careful consideration, and
can act upon it certainly before the middle of De-
cember; and thus consummate the joint action of
the two Houses before it becomes necessary to let
out the printing for the next Congress under the
existing system. I as much desire the consum-
mation of legislation with a view to prevent the
i letting out of the printing for the next Congress
j under the existing system as any member of the
Senate; but unless a majority of' the Senate are
1 prepared to say that they are now willing to devote
i a considerable time to the consideration of this
| subject, I trust the bill will not be taken up.
i Mr. ADAMS. I hope the Senate will take up
| this bill, and act upon it. I differ with many hon-
: orable Senators in relation to the idea which seems
i to be very prevalent in this body, that the speeches
1 enter into acts passed by Congress. One would
; infer from what is said here every day, that no
: bill would have any virtue in it unless it were dis-
^ cussed. Now, I think the intrinsic merits of a
j measure depends upon its provisions. For a
' novelty—as the people of this country are fond
; of novelty—I would respectfully propose to the
j Senate, as we have talked for nine months with-
out voting, that for the remainder of the session,
! during the little time we have, we vote without
talking, take it for granted that Senators under-
stand the subjects that come before them, and that
our constituents will understand our rotes on the
record. I do not see the necessity of consuming
the remainder of the session in discussing every
little proposition that comes forward. All the
Senators agree that this is a proposition which
ought to have been acted upon long ago, and that
it is necessary that it should be acted upon now.
I venture to say that every Senator on this floor
has made up his mind upon this subiect, and that
discussion will have no beneficial effect. I hope
the Senate will take the vote at once, and act im-
mediately upon the subject.
Mr. SMITH. I fully concur in the opinion
which the honorable Senator from Mississippi
has expressed, in regard to speaking generally.
I agree, that we have on many questions which
come before the Senate, more discussion than is
necessary or useful. I am not, however, prepared
to say that a subject of this importance should
