1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
sure, nor shall I fail to call the attention of this
House and the country, now, and at all times, to
the alarming disclosures which seem to be admit-'
ted in this case.
I desire to be distinctly understood, that I shall
give my vote with great pleasure for a bill that
will fully indemnify Colonel Mitchell; and it is
not my wish to procrastinate the passage of this
or any suitable bill for that object,
1 will now yield the floor to my honorable friend
from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] for explanation,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, I want to make
a simple reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SWEETSER. I promised to yield the
floor to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,]
and [ will now yield it.
Mr. HALL. No one was more strongly op-
posed to the passage of the bill for the relief of
Emanuel Harmony, when it was before the House,
than myself. I believed it was a claim which was
entirely unjust and should not have been allowed.
But a district court of the United States have
made a investigation into this case, and have
made a decision differently from what I had sup-
posed to be the law, and there has been a judg-
ment rendered against a citizen of my own State.
If gentlemen will take the pains to examine into
the&yidence before the House, they will find that
all (Lionel Mitchell had to do in the case was this:
Harmony had a wagon-tram of goods proceeding
to Chihuahua. The officer in command, however,
thought fit to detain him—as the gentleman from
New Mexico [Mr. Weightman] can testify—and
Colonel Mitchell, in obedience to that command,
did detain him. That is all Colonel Mitchell had
to do in the matter—that is the extent of his in-
strumentality in the case.
Now, as to the question put by the gentleman
from Georgia, as to the propriety of the conclusions
arrived at by the court in New York: I was not
at the trial, do not know what was the evi-
dence produced in the case. But I can testify,
from a long acquaintance with Colonel Mitchell,
that there is not a more honest or a more gallant
man in this whole land, than he. He is as gallant
a man as there is in the country, and he is as
honest as he is gallant, i have not the slightest
doubt in my own mind that he did just what it
was his duty to do in relation to this case, and
there is no sort of proof to the contrary. When
he was about to be sued by Harmony, he informed
the Government that he was upon the point of
being arraigned for the discharge of his duty as
an officer of the Army of the United States. The
Government appointed an agent to defend him,
and he gave himself no uneasiness about it, be-
cause he supposed the Government was able to
defend his case. But a judgment was rendered
against him in New York. Upon that judgment
he \v#s sued in St. Louis, and a judgment was
recorded against him in the State of Missouri, and
he is now in danger of being ruined for no cause
but for doing his duty as an officer in the United
States Army—for doing his whole duty in jthe de-
fence of his country. *
Mr. SWEETSER. There is no man upon the
floor who will'bear testimony to the high character
of Colonel Mitchell more willingly than myself.
I repeat, that I do not rise for the purpose of op-
posing the action of the House in relieving that
gentleman from the unjust and oppressive judg-
ment which has been rendered against him. But
I rise for the purpose of calling the attention of the
House and the country to the fact, that this Admin-
istration has permitted a gallant officer of the Army
in the war with Mexico to be stricken down by a
judgment against him, in one of the courts of the
United States. I ask if there is a man in this
House who will get up and sanction the Adminis-
tration in its conduct in this matter? As I re-
marked, I do not rise for the purpose of opposing
this bill, but I rise for the purpose of telling this
Administration, and all who are interested m this
matter, that if the time has come when an of-
ficer, by obeying his superior in a time of war,
and preventing property from falling into the hands
of the enemy, is, by a'form of judicial proceeding
instituted, about to be sacrificed and ruined—in a
ease, too, where he has done nothing but his duty
in obeyiuga command, the disobedience of which
•would have subjected him to infamy and disgrace
—I cannot refrain from expressing my surprise.
It becomes this House, it becomes all the legal
men of this House, to declare to the country what
the course of this Administration has been upon
this subject. This Administration, with all its
blunders in relation to the Cuban proclamation,
and in the prosecution of the Christiana murderers
for treason, has enough to answer for. If, with
the distinguished man at its head, this Administra-
tion permits the rights of an officer to be trampled
on in this manner, I say that it becomes this
House to protest against it in the most solemn
maimer, and to take such action, as will place the
facts before the country, and let the responsibility
fall where it properly belongs. The act of Colonel
Mitchell was the act of the Government.
I have no wish to protract the debate at this
time. My desire has been to vindicate right*&nd
principle fearlessly. I will yield the floor. *
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have but a
few words to say. The question for us to deter-
mine is not whether the President has done wrong,
or whether the Administration is to be censured
or not; but it is, whether Colonel Mitchell, who is
about to suffer great pecuniary loss in this matter,
shall be relieved or not. That is the question,
and I do not intend to travel from it in reply to
the gentleman from Ohio. But I would ask that
gentleman, in all candor, wherein or how is the
President to blame?
Mr. SWEETSER. Not at all.
Mr. STEPHENS. Is the Administration to
blame, then?
Mr. SWEETSER. I think so.
Mr. STEPHENS. How? I ask the gentle-
man, how? Is the Administration to blame for
what your courts do? Is the Administration to
be held responsible for your district attorneys,
even if they have not done right? I ask, has not
the Administration done all which is in its power
to do when it has furnished the judges, the jurors,
and the lawyers, for trying the case?
Mr. SWEETSER. I will answer the gentle-
man with great pleasure. It may be, as he claims,
that the Administration may be excused upon the
ground that bvarnishing the means of defence it
has done all it might to do; but there is a want of
attention, a negligence somewhere, or the rights
of this officer would not have been permitted thus
to be violated.
Mr. STEPHENS. The gentleman is only re-
peating what he said before.
Mr. SWEETSER. Well, I will come directly
to the point. The fact is, that the district attorney
or the Solicitor of the Treasury had control of the
appointment of counsel to defend Colonel Mitchell
in this case, and I will not yield to any man that
he could not have employed such counsel as would
have prevented such a judgment as was rendered
in this case, and therefore I say the Administra-
tion is responsible in the matter, for there are
merits in the case which no lawyer will question.
Mr. STEPHENS. Very well; the gentleman
risen and says there were merits in the case which
no lawyer in this House will question, and if the
case had been properly presented, that judgment
would never have been rendered. Now I am not
prepared thus to appear before this House. I am
not prepared voluntarily to rise up and soy, that
there are principles and merits in this case, orany
other case, which has been decided by any court
of the United States, which shows that it was de-
cided wrong; and that no lawyer will question the
error of the decision. In this case I am far from
pffirminsr, that no lawyer will call m question the
impropriety and error of the court. %If I am cor-
rectly informed, this case was decided by an able
judge', after mature argument by able counsel.
Governor Marcy was the counsel for Colonel
Mitchell. He is a man of unquestionable ability.
He was Secretary of War at the very time when
the trespass was committed. He must have
known whether Colonel Mitchell was acting under
authority or not. Does it become me, or any
member on this floor, to stand here and say, that
Governor Marcy would stand by and assent to, or
yield to, by not excepting to any judgment
founded upon principles which any lawyer in this \
House would say was an outrage? I am not pre- j
pared to say that. If the gentleman from Ohio is, I
he can do so—I am not. But the Administration |
were certainly not remiss wheie the interests of
the public were in Governor Marcy's hands. I
am not prepared to say, that that distinguished
lawyer and statesman Sid not conduct this case
with his known ability and fidelity. I am not
prepared to sav, that he failed to do hi* duty, or
that the judges were corrupt, or that the district
attorney was corrupt, or that the jury was corrupt.
I am not here to make such charges; nor do I
arise now to the correctness of the judgment ren-
dered. That question is not before the House.
All that is properly submitted to us is, whether
Colonel Mitchell is entitled to the relief asked?
The judgment, whether properly or improperly
rendered, is about to b^ enforced. A gallant and
faithful officer is about to be ruined, for an act done
in the public service, and for what was thought to
be the public good; and the only question now be-
fore us is, whether we will see him ruined by this
loss, or let it be borne by the public? It is of great
importance that the bill pass speedily; and the
only point now before us is, Shall the bill be put
upon its passage? 1 hope gentlemen will not ob-
ject to letting us have a vote upon it. This requires
unanimous consent. If a vote is now allowed to
be taken, gentlemen can vote as they please upon
its merits. If any gentleman is opposed to it, let
him vote against it. What I want is, thatT the
House, by unanimous consent, may be allowed to
pass at this time upon its merits. I see no reason
for delay. 1 think we ought to vote, and vote
now. And for myself, I am prepared to vote for
the bill.
Mr. MEADE. I rise for the purpose of making
a suggestion, more to get the views of the gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] m relation to it.
than anything else, and to satisfy myself with re-
gard to it. It seems to me, if the district court of
New York was right in the judgment it pronounced
that Mitchell acted not by authority of the Gov-
ernment, and that he was a wrong-aoer individu-
ally. But if that decision was an erroneous one
upon principles of law, then I will vote for his re-
lief; but if he was forced to act in obedience to
lawful authority, then it was an act which would
bar recovery against him. But it seems the court
thought he did act without authority. If he
acted from authority, the United States is the
wrong-doer, and not Colonel Mitchell; and the
only remedy for the party aggrieved is by appli-
cation to this Government. But Mr. Harmony
prefers to bring his action against Colonel Mitch-
ell as an individual trespasser; and the court by
its judgment—taking things prima facie, for I do
not say the judgment was correct—has decided
that Colonel Mitchell acted not as the agent of the
Government in this matter.
Mr. TOOMBS. The gentleman b|| mistaken
the principle. A person in jured has iflPtys a right
to look to the individual trespasser for compensa-
tion, although he may have committed the ires-
pass by the authority of his principal. An act of
trespass is always illegal, and——
Mr. MEADE. The gentleman will allow me
to proceed. I speak moie for infoimation than
anything else. I am not inclined to concede the po-
sition taken by the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs.] I cannot give the authorities, but our
books are full of cases of this sort. I will ie~
fer to a case against Commodore Stockton, where
the owner of a vessel, a few years ago, sued him
for seizing his vessel as a slaver, somewhere upon
the African coast. In addition to his case, there
is one now pending before this Congiess, where
Lieutenant Biscombe was sued for seizing a sla-
ver, or one suspected of being a slaver, and bring-
ing her to the United States. A libel was filed
against the vessel, and the case was dismissed by
the district attorney of Massachusetts, as was also
the case in the action against Commodore Stock-
ton. Upon the dismissal of the libel, a suit was
instituted against Lieutenant Biscombe, in the one
case, and against Commodore Stockton, in the
other, and the parties failed to recover damages,
because the officers were considered by the court,
as having probable cause of suspicion, and having
acted in obedience to orders from the Government.
The cases failed upon the ground that the Lieu-
tenant, in the one case, and the Commodore in
the other, were acting by authority, and the indi-
viduals aggrieved had no redress.
The court decided in those cases that the plain-
tiff could not recover against, the officers of Gov-
ernment, acting by its authority. And those offi-
cers having expended their individual means in the
defence of the actions brought against them, ap-
plied here to obtain redress. Commodore Stock-
ton was paid the costs of his suit* by the Gov-
ernment, and we are prepared to report a bill to re-
imburse to Lieutenant Biscombe the like expenses,
