1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2325
receive any disposition at the hands of the Senate
without an examination. The honorable Senator
says that he believes that every member of the
Senate understands all about this bill, and that
every Senator is perfectly familiar with its provis-
ions. I do not know but that it is so. Jt so hap-
pens, however, that there are several Senators
about me who have not seen the bill, and who
have not given the subject any consideration. I
do not believe that one Senator out of ten has
read the bill, or knows its contents. If, however,
it is the pleasure of the majority to take up the
bill, I Khali acquiesce; but I am confident that
there is not time at this session to dispose prop-
erly of the subject.
Mr. CASS. We have been here now about
nine months, and during that time the public print-
ing has been badly executed and very much de-
layed—certainly to the injury of the public service.
There is not a Senator here who does not know it,
and will not say so. Now, a simple proposition
for the appointment of a printer, with security
enough to satisfy every one, has passed the House
of Representatives after due deliberation, and it
comes before the Senate for consideration. There
is not a member of this body who cannot makeup
his mind about it in fifteen minutes. It appears
to me that every consideration of public duty re-
quires the passage of this measure, and we should
act upon it immediately. The returns of the cen-
sus have not yet been ordered to be printed, on
account of the condition of the public printing.
Let us go on and make this experiment. We
have found that the other plan which we have tried
has been unsuccessful; and whatwewant now is,
to have the public printing promptly executed. 1
hope the bill will be taken up and passed.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I am opposed to
taking up this bill. I disagree entirely with the
honorable Senator from Michigan with regard to
the contract system. I say the experiment has
not failed, but we have failed. There is the same
law, I understand, providing for the printing of
the Departments, as for the printing- of Congress.
That printing is let out to the lowest bidder, but
there is no failure theie. And why? Because
the bidders understand that when the contracts are
made, there is no power to release them. But the
bidding f ; the printing of Congress has not been
based upon considerations relating to the economy
with which the printing can be done. It has been
based upon the facility with which Congress would
relax the provisions of the law in behalf of favor-
ites, who may have done the public printing. That
is the reason why the experiment has failed. I
say that we have got a good law now—the best
that we could possibly have—one that will prac-
tically answer all the purposes designed, if we only
adhere to it, and execute it; but as long as we do
not adhere to it—as long as we put one thing upon
the statute-book, and then allow men to come in
and take contracts at prices for which they know
they cannot execute the work, and we, good, easy
souls, sit here and tell them to go on, and we will
help them out of the public crib, to make up their
losses—the system will fail; but it is not the fault
of the system, it is not the fault of the printers; it
is the fault of Congress. For these reasons I am
opposed to taking up the bill. I wish to let this
system have a fair operation; and then, if it fails,
it will be time enough to try something else.
Mr. BRIGHT. " Mr. President, the distin-
guished Senater from Michigan says that we have
been nine months in session, and done nothing
practical on the subject of the public printing.
The honorable Senator might have gone further,
and said that not a week has passed, during that
time, that some Senator has not endeavored to
bring this subject before the body, with a view to
action on this, or some bill embracing substan-
tially the same provisions. I am of the opinion
that there is a majority here ready to consider,
and act upon this subject now. At the opening
of this session, the Committee on Printing were
unable to agree upon any plan, and so reported to
us. Since that repoit the committee has been
reorganized in part, the Senator from Texas
taking the place'of the Senator from Arkansas;
and within a few days past we have a second re-
port, showing still, that the committee are unable
to agree. I understand that two of the three gen-
tlemen composing: the committee are opposed to
the proposition befoie us. I am in favor of it.
The'biJl before us may be defective in some re-
spects; but it is better than no bill at all, and,
therefore, I am willing to take it up, and I am anx-
ious to vote upon it, not to debate it. And now,
Mr. President, to avoid a further waste of time,
I hope a vote will be taken on taking up the bill,
and that this may be regarded as a test question,
if it be taken up that we proceed to dispose of it
before we adjourn, and if the motion fails, that no
further effort will be made during this session to
urge it upon the consideration of the Senate.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon the motion of
the Senator from Pennsylvania respecting that. I
hope it will be regarded as a test question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 am not a member of the
Committee on Printing at present, but 1 was a
member of that committee; and uuring the time
that I was upon it, I examined'this subject thor-
oughly. 1 will say, in justification of myself,
that 1 prepared a projel of a hill substantially the
same in its provisions as this, which I was desir-
ous of bringing before the Senate for action, but
I never could get sufficient support and encourage-
ment to induce or authorize me to do so. I labored
at it from the beginning of the session up to the
time when I left the Committee on Printing, but I
could get no one who felt anxiety enough to aid
me in the matter. The bill which I pioposed,
though in its general provisions like this, was, I
think, free from the objections which this bill pre-
sents upon its face.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator cannot go
into the consideration of the merits of this bill at
this time.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 am not going into the
merits of the bill.
The PRESIDENT. The question simply is
on taking up the bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I am going on to state rea-
sons why 1 think the bill ought not to be tuken up.
I think the bill ought not to be taken up, because
it contain? a great many defects which we have
not time to remedy, and because a thorough ex-
amination of it, so as to see its merits on the one
side, and its demerits on the other, so as to make
them intelligible to the Senate, would occupy the
whole week, unless Senators have taken up the
bill, and examined the subject themselves previous
to this time. So far as my acquaintance extends,
this has not been the case with Senators, for many
of them have told me so.
1 do not think there is a pressing necessity upon
us at this time, which should induce us to post-
pone all the other practical business of the session
for the purpose of occupying time with this. I
cannot see such a pressing urgency for the pub-
lic printing now as existed at the beginning, and
during the session. Will any Senator say that the
public printing proposed to be done now, is neces-
sary to enable him to discharge his duties intelli-
gently and usefully here ! Why, none of it will
have been done under it at the close of this ses-
sion. We shall h«ve adjourned and gone home,
before any work will be done under it. The work
that will be done, will not bear upon the legislation
of the next session of Congress particularly.
The Senator from Michigan said that the census
had not been printed. Will it be printed even if
we pass this bill, until at a subsequent session we
order it to be printed, or provide for iis printing
m some way? A committee of this body was
raised to examine the census returns, according
to the plan sent from the Department, and they
have reported that four fifths of the retui as ought
not to be printed. Suppose we pass this bill.
Why, according to its terms, the census printing
is expressly excepted from its operation. Then
the argument of the Senator from Michigan has
no force whatever, because it does not apply.
Why should we pass this bill now ? Is it of such
pressing necessity that we should print the Patent
Office report? When should we get it ? Certainly
not until the next year, even if we were to pnss
the bii! now. The printing of the Patent Office
report has no practical bearing upon the legisla-
tion of Congress, and it never has had. I ha\e a
good deal to say with regard to the bill wlie.i it
comes up, but I cannot discuss its merits now,
because it would be out of order to do so.
Mr. CASS. I am perfectly aware that the
census printing is excepted from the operation of
this bill. Bat f om also awaie, and so must every
gentleman here be nware, that the very reason
why that printing has been delayed is on account
of the fact that we have not gone on to make ar-
rangements about the public printing. The census
printing has not been ordered to be executed on
account of the doubt in which the subject was en-
veloped. If this arrangement be made to-day, I
think there will be no hesitation with regard to
our going on and making arrangements about the
census printing. In my opinion, we ought to
make some arrangement for the printing. The
census, taken more than two years ago, remains
locked up, and no human being, unless he goes to
examine the records, knows what it is. Another
decade will have gone by before we get any in-
formation about it, unless we provide for its
printing.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I h- pe that this bill will be
taken up and disposed of now. We have been
here nine months without any printing, or with
what amounts to none. If the subject be post-
poned until the next session, we shall waste that
session in discussing it. The recentattempts that
have been made have proved to be utter failures,
and I think it is time that we had our public print-
ing, and went on with the printing. I do not wish
to discuss the matter. I will not occupy the time
of the Senate in that way; but, I hope we may
take up the bill and vote on it without one woid
of ditcussion, bccause no discussion is necessary.
We all understand the subject, and it is necessary
that we should now do whatever we are to do;
because if we pass the bill now, it may require
until the next session for the printer to make his
arrangements to execute the work. The public
'! printing will be a heavy job, and if we elect a
|i printer now, we may expect to have our printing
i: done regularly from the first day of the next ses-
!| sion,and after that. It is useless to order the
printing of documents, unless we can have them
j1 executed. We are ordering every day, every
|< hour, in fact, extra numbers of documents that
ji are important to ourle^islation, and still we cannot
< get the work done, and legislation is therefore post-
! poned on account of it. I will not argue the ques-
, tion, but I hope the Senate will take up the bill.
; The question was taken on the motion to take
j up the bill, and resulted—yeas 30, nays 26; as
1 follows:
1 YFJAS—Messrs. Adam-*, Atenison, Bayard, Bradbury,
j! Bnalu, Btodhead, Ca«s, Charlton, Clemens, Bodge of Wis-
■ i cousin. Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs, Feleh, Gwin,
I' ilanilni, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, King, Mallory,
h Mason, Meriwether, Norrif, Rusk, Shields, Stockton,
i'l Touccy. Walker,andWeller—30.
|j NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Boilanrl, Brooke, Butler,Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, l)e !Saus>&ure, Fish, Geyer,
' Halo, Jones of Tennessee, Mangum, Miller, Morton,
\ L'earce, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Spruanee, Sunnier, Under-
I wood, Upham, and Wade—
! So the motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
! Mr. HAMLIN. This bill should undergo a
! inost careful examination by the Senate, but it is
jbioughtup at n time when that examination,!
II apprehend, cannot be made. 1 wish to state in a
I few words, the reasons which control my decision,
1 and which will compel me to vote against the bill.
In the first place, it proposes to unite all the
I public printing, both that of the Departments and
! of Congress. That, in my opinion, is an objec-
tion to the bill, and I shall move to separate the
i two classes of printing. 1 believe that all the
,1 printing of the Departments is now done, and has
been done satisfactorily for years, under contract.
In the next place, the bill provides for the ap-
pointment of a Superintendent by the President
' of the United States, and thus the Superintendent
of the Congressional printing is to be completely
free from our control." I think that the Superin-
tendent should he elected by Congress; and I
think that the Congressional printing should be
done by itself, and that the Department printing
should be done by itself. 1 think that the two
ciast.es of printing should be kept separate; and
there are good reasons why it should be so. The
two kinds of printing are different; the terms and
prices are different. The printing of the Depart-
ments is of such a kind that it is not necessary to
execute it at night time, and therefore the scale of
prices, which, would be reasonable for Congres-
sional printing, would he exorbitant for the print-
ing of the Departments. These are my reasons
for thinking that the two should not be put to-
gether.
Another resson I desire to urge is, that, the pro-
ject for placing th^ v. hole of the printing under
the i £_ 'i ,t -n \ .m ui one mail is likely to result
in no wd. Tik printing of the Post Office, which
