1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1461
cooperated with the United State,", in accordance with the
promise of the Government, and pursuant to a report of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, made to the Committee on
Indian Affairs of the Senate, May, 1850, $110,417 90.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, the prop-
osition which I have just offered forms a part
of the ordinary estimates of the Indian Depart-
ment for the current service of that department for
the present year. It is asked to be placed upon
the deficiency bill, because it is an acknowledged
obligation of the Government for the object men-
tioned in the amendment, which is now due and
unpaid. The proper place, therefore, forit is in
the deficiency bill, and nowhere else.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator will allow me,
I will suggest to him that I wish to raise a ques-
tion of order on that amendment.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the chairman of the
Committee on Finance intends to raise the prelim-
inary question of order, I would prefer that it
should be raised now and disposed of, before the
discussion of the merits of the amendment shall be
entered upon.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order,
that this amendment is not in order. It seems to
me that it provides for a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mangom
in the chair.) The facts of this case are not
known sufficiently to enable the Chair to decide.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I will state the na-
ture of the case as briefly as possible, so as to give
the Chair information in order to enable it to de-
cide. In the first place, this is a part of the regu-
lar estimates of the Indian Department, coming
through the Secretary of the Interior. It is esti-
mated for by the Department, as a part of the reg-
ular expenditures of the Government for this year.
It is reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs
under the belief, by the committee, that it is not a
private claim. It is a rule of that committee not
to offer as an amendmentto a bill of this kind, any
claim which they recognize as private. The claim
arises under the treaty of 1814, or rather under the
capitulation of 1814, made between the United
States and the hostile and friendly Creeks. It is
based the promise of indemnity for the losses
of the friendly" Creeks, which they sustained dur-
ing the war, at the hands of the hostile Creeks.
The number of claimants amounts to between
seven hundred and one thousand, including a large
portion of the tnoe. The losses of the friendly
Indians during the war, were ascertained by an
ogent of the United States, and forty cents on the
dollar of the ascertained amount was paid to them.
They now ask for the balance. That is the nature
of the claim.
1 submit to the Chair, therefore, that it can
hardly be considered as a private claim. I think
the very point in controversy must have been de-
cided upon a question raised upon an amendment
introduced by the Senator from Tennesspe to this
bill, the other day, which, I believe, was ruled to
be in order, though it was lost on its merits.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
inclined to the opinion, that this is not one of the
sort of private claims indicated by the rule; for it
has been the practice heretofore upon many occa-
sions, when a bill has been passed by one branch
of Congress and not passed by the other, to attach
it to the appropriation bill. I imagine that the true
interpretation of the rule, does not include claims
of this character.
Mr, SEBASTIAN. I will now state very
briefly, and in the smallest compass possible, the
prominent points and facts in this case; and I
shall not go into a more enlarged discussion of the
merits of it, unless I find that my remaiks shall
have provoked a discussion which may render
that necessary. It is. as is stated in the amend-
ment, a liquidated balance already found due, by
an accredited and authorized agent of the Govern-
ment, to the friendly Creek Indians, for losses
sustained by reason of hostilities with the other
portion of the tribe, during the war of 1814. It is
based upon a letter issued in pursuance of instruc-
tions from the War Department to General Pmck-
ney, who was then at the head of our forces, and
represented the civil and military authority of the
United States in the Creek nation. It was at the
close of the war, at a time when several disastrous
battles had broken down the power of the Creek
Indians, and caused them to sue for peace. At
that time, General Pinckney sent to the Indians a
letter, stating the terms of capitulation on which
peace would be granted. He was the agent of the
War Department; and actiag for that Department,
he stated:
"They wit! retain so much of the conquered territory as
will appear to the Government of the United States to be
a just indemnity for the expenses of the war, and as resti-
tution for injsry sustained by its citizens and the friendly
Creek Indians."
It was upon this clause of the letter of General
Pinckney to the Creek Indians, that the whole of
this ciaim for indemnity is based. In pursuance
of the terms laid down in this letter, the capitula-
tion was made at Fort Jackson, on August l«t,
1814. The promise of General Pinckney was de-
clined to be recognized in the treaty made by Gen-
eral Jackson, on the sole ground that his powers,
as limited by the instructions of the Government,
did not embrace the subject of indemnity for the
losses of the friendly Creeks. It occasioned some
difficulty, some delay, in the completion of the
treaty; but it resulted in an arrangement with the
friendly Creek chiefs, by which they agreed to
sign the capitulation on condition that General
Jackson would attach to it the letter of the 23d of
April, containing the promise of indemnity for
losses, and attach to it also a solemn protest en-
tered into by which they imbodied their com-
plaints against the Government for what they
termed a spoliation of a portion of the friendly
Creek territory. These documents were attached
to the terms of capitulation which was entered
into by the hostile Creeks.
The agent of the Government of the United
States, then residing in the country—a man who
appeared to possess the confidence of the Govern-
ment, who bad grown gray in the service of the
Federal Government in that country—was called
upon by the War Department to state the nature
and the character of the claims which the friendly
Creeks set up for indemnities for losses during the
war. Ill pursuance, and in strict execution of
that order, he proceeded to discharge the functions
thus committed to him; and in 1815 he made out
a schedule of the losses, which were transmitted
to the War Department, upon which he based an
estimate that the amount of $100,000 would cover
the looses. This estimate of his whs pronounced
to be notoriously imperfect at the time. It formed,
how ever, the basis of the appropriation of $85,000,
which Congress made in 1817, the distribution of
which was" afterwards directed by the War De-
partment to be made rateably between the claim-
ants according to the schedule which bad been
famished. The successor of Colonel Hawkins,
who was intrusted with this mission and the dis-
tribution of this money, completed the schedule,
and distributed the $85,000 which had been ap-
propriated, rateably, according to his instructions
from the War Department, among the claimants.
He found that the aggregate amountof the claims
was j.!95,000. Eighty-five thousand dollars was
paid;'thus leaving the precise balance for which
an appropriation of $110,000is now asked. !
This forms a brief outline of the claim. It is, '
therefore, as I have stated, for a liquidated balance j
of sixty cents on the dollar, on claims adjudicated (
to be good by an officer of the United States, in
express pursuance of instructions from the proper
authorities of this Government, upon which claims
there has been a pro rata distribution of forty cents \
to the dollar. It would seem, therefore, that the .
real question now pr^ented is one of the very
simplest character. It is,whether this Govern-!
ment, in extending a simple act of justice to a de-;
pendent people—its friends and allies in a war 1
more disastrous to them than to the hostile!
Creeks—can honorably and justly compound its
debts of gratitude at the rate of forty cents to the ,
dollar3
Mr. President, it may be asked, why has so
simple a debt as this, one of such acknowledged
validity, been prosecuted so unsuccessfully against
the Government of the United States heretofore5
I wdl present a brief array of facts to show that, :
in this injustice, the Indians themselves have never ,
acquiesced, but that the balance of this indemnity
has been a constant traditional cause of complaint, ,
which tbey have presented against this Govern- '
ment from that day to this. I will endeavor to .
show that they exercised a sleepless vigilance in
prosecuting it; that they have been delayed under
one pretext or another from that time to this; and
that there has been no obstacle, no impediment, ;
in the way beyond the mere difficulty of pre- '
senting the matter before Congress in such a man- j
ner as to demand its attention, which has ever 1
occurred to prevent this simple act of justice being
done to them, except a most extraordinary report
of the Committee on Claims, made in 1824, in the
House of Representatives. I shall not now speak
of that report, further thaa to say that it is the
most perfect array of unpardonable blundersfrom
beginning to end, based upon the wildest miscon-
ception of the facts, and misconception even of
the very character of the claim which was sub-
mitted to its consideration, that I have ever had
the necessity of investigating. If the report of
the Committee on Claims, of 1824, is at all relied
upon by the honorable chairman of the Finance
Committee, who, I understand, intends to discuss
this claim, I shall then feel it necessary to take up
that report, dissect it, and show its palpable mis-
takes so plainly that not a doubt can be entertained
but that there was a total misconception by that
commiuee.of the very question submitted to it;
that it did not have more than half of the papers
before it; and that the most material of the docu-
ments—the original report of the Indian agent,
the first who took any schedule of the claims-^wag
not before that committee at the time it came to
the conclusions imbodied in the report. The
whole of the facts which constitute this claim form
a part of the (jocumentary history of the Govern-
ment. They are imbodied in a very elaborate and
detailed report communicated by the Indian De-
ij partment. to the Committee on Indian Affairs, un-
der date of August 20,1S50, whichforms the basis
of the report of the Committee on Indian Affairs
in favor of the claim.
The original act of appropriation was made in
1817 for the sum of $85,000, which was distrib-
uted among the claimants according to the sched-
ule, the aggregate of whose demands amounted to
§195,000. This leaves the precise balance now
proposed to be appropriated, which I therefore
term a ".liquidated balance." A detailed state-
ment of this distribution of the appropriation of
1817, is contained in a report from D. B. Mitchell,
!j agent of Indian affairs, dated Creek Agency, March
!j 18, 1818. In this report, he goes on to state the
I! particular amount of the claims in favor of each
'! one of the towns or districts of the Creek nation,
! and the amountof the appropriation distributed in
i satisfaction of each claim, amounting precisely to
; the sum of forty cents upon the dollar.
11 I have also a printed document here, which ex-
| i hibiis not only the aggregate of the claims in favor
■ I of each one of the Creek towns, but it also con-
! tains the names of each particular claimant, the
! amount of moneywhich was awarded to him, and
i the precise amount m dollars and cents which was
I paid in part satisfaction of the claim. I shall not
; read it, as it is a lengthy document, but I merely
■ wish to apprise Senators of the fact, that it shows
j not only the gross amount of the claim, not only
the entire history, nature, and character of the
claim, but even the name of the claimants, and
the amount due to each of them. Everything
may be found in the documentary history of tlje
Government, where the facts can be consulted by
any one who entertains any doubt as to the genu-
ineness of the claim.
i i have stated that this balance has been made
i the subject of continual complaint on the part of
! the Creek Indians. In 1817 they appeared here,
1 and obtained the original appropriation. In 1821,
! in 1824, in 1827, at various periods from 1830 to
' 1838, and continually, I believe, from 18^ to the
present time, they have been pressing thiFmatter
before Congress. In 184! the Administration
thought proper to send out an accredited agent of
the United States, to ascertain among the Creek
Indians west what were the causes of complaint
| for which they claimed redress or indemnity at
the hands of the Government. It is remarkable
I that an old chief, venerable for his age, one of the
■ Creek warriors, whose fidelity had been tested in
the disastrous war of 1814. named this unsatisfied
claim as a portion of their grievances. He spoke
of the amount they had received from the Gov-
ernment as being but an insignificant trifle in com-
parison with the aggregate amount of their claims
against the United States. He details a very in-
i teresiing colloquy which he had with General
: Jackson while he was President of the United
States, in which the justice of the claim was fully
recognized by the President, but he put off the In-
dian uriderthe promise that the Government would
pav the money after the Creeks moved west. It
appears that the President of the United States at
