1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
that time recognized the justice of the claim, but
very artfully suggested this impediment—a mere
political question which he was anxious to accom-
plish—the removal of the Indians—as the only
thing which was at that time in the way of the
payment of the claim.
Thus, there has been a constant recognition of
this claim—a constant pressing of it by the Creek
Indians. But it appears that there have been no
auspices under which they have ever presented it
so favorable as those which now surround it; and
that is in consequence of a new policy which has
been adopted by the Indian Department of order-
ing all the proper agents of the United States for
each tribe to prosecute the legitimate business and
claims of the Indians before Congress.
I have presented now the outlines of the claim.
I shall not speak further upon it, unless I find that
the report of the Committee on Claims of 1824
shall be seriously insisted upon as a reason why
this appropiiation ought not to be made. If that
should be the case, I shall have something to say
in reference to that report.
Mr. BORLAND. I have a few words to say
in addition to the very clear and satisfactory state-
ment which I think my colleague [Mr. Sebas-
tian] has made m presenting these claims.
I have looked with some care into this so-called
deficiency bill, and 1 have found it exceedingly
difficult to fix my mind on a single item in the
whole bill, except this one of $110,000, that
really does come up to the full meaning and inten-
tion of a deficiency. It conforms m every partic-
ular to the requirements of the rule respecting- ad-
ditions to an appropriation hill; and then it pos-
sesses every feature, especially the most favorable
features, of a deficiency, appealing to the justice,
gratitude, generosity, and common fairness of
Congress. "We find that a portion of the Creek
nation of Indians, appe -.led to by the Government
of the United States when it was at war with
other tribes of Indians—and withapoition of that
very tribe—appealed to to stand by us, and lender
us important services at that very difficult and j
troublesome period of our existence as a Govern-
ment; and we find that these Indians came up to |
our help and assistance, and stood faithfully by j
us through all these difficulties, when they weie |
pressed hy hostile rencounters with their own j
people, subjected to great hardships and loss of j
propel ty, and in constant danger of a sacrifice of |
the lives of their men, women, and children, under 1
the assurances, repeatedly made by authorized
officers of the Government, that if they would
stand by us, they would obtain compensation for
all their losses and all their hardships. And yet,
from the year 1817 up to the present time, they
have received but two fifths of the claim which
they luive cleaily established, and which the Gov-
ernment has recognized as being established—
which they recognized as far back <is iH17. The
claim was recognized to the fullest extent for
which it was then presented. It was not pre-
tended that the whole amount of these claims was
ascertained.
It wart a conjectural amount, and was stated
to be con,Pfturni because the Indians; could not be
got together to make a statement of their losses,
many of th^.Yi be.mc absent in consequence of its
being the hun*")^ season. Put this conjectural
statement was nv>e, and ;^5,000 were appropri-
ated as part of the indemnity, and an agent was
upjaMilpd to "a out and pay tbe claimants pro
rata. When he undertook to perform this duty,
and the Indi.-ns weie assembled, the claims ex-
ceeding the ^85,000 that had been appropriated,
amounting to §110,G00, were established and recog-
nized. There they stand, as my colleague has
shown, upon the record; and the $85,000 being
only sufficient to pay them forty cents on the dol-
lar. Sir, the action of this Government is incapa-
ble of recognizing a claim more fully than this' is
recognized, not only as a just claim against the
Government, but one which has been parllypaid.
A surptising thing to my mind m this wholVmat-
ter is the long delay of justice in this case. It was
not only i-pcognized at the time, but it has been
recognized by the Executive Department of the
Government ever since, and yeor after year we
have had this matter ur ed upon the attention of
Congress, without success. I cannot conceive
what more evidence can be required by any Sen-
ator toestabhshthejustice and equity oftlus'claim,
or to show that it is a subsisting debt, which every
consideration of just'ufe and gratitude makes bind-
ing upon this Government. It may fairly be con-
sidered an appropriation for carrying out the
plighted faith of the Government, the precise
amount of which has been specified and settled
years and years ago.
Mr. President,! do not think that anything
more can be necessary to satisfy the minds of
Senators in regard to the justice of this claim.
The facts to which 1 have alluded have been ex-
hibited to the Senate by my colleague as they are
recorded in theofficial records of the Government.
Everything has been in print, and laid upon the
tables of Senators for years back. It is not there-
fore a matter which is new or not understood.
Mr. HUNTER. I shall not have a great deal
to say in relation to this claim, for I do not believe
that a great deal is known about it. I do not be-
lieve we can ascertain with certainty upon what it
was originally grounded, for it is a very ancient
transaction; and even if we were to discover this,
I very much doubt whether we have any means
of knowing the persons to whom the money
should be paid, or who is legitimately entitled to
it.
The transaction, as has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sebastian,] arose out
of the Creek war. When a treaty was made, in
1814, with a friendly portion of tins tribe of In-
dians, who had suffered by depredations, and who
also lost a portion of their lands, they were not
satisfied with that tieaty; howevei, they signed
it, and added the following paper by way of ex-
planation. In it they say:
*•' Wo ea!l mn^elves. a< wo arA,master5:of the land. We
have adheied faith full v. in peace and war, to on r treaty
simulation* with the i'mfed States. I'liuhnii that Genera!
Jru-ks-oN, m dia.w:n<r the lines around om country to letnin
fo much of that eonqueied fioin the, hostile Indians, as he
defined jiM, lound st ncee--<iiy, in* political motnes and
piuposes, to itri a hue within which there n jjrentquan-
tify of land*- actual!} our jnojvrty, for win ?h ho. a-s nn equiv-
alent, leave.- to aa the conoiiered radians' land-! between
Coo-.i and Talapoo<a. We do not deem the e\ehan«.re ;e-- an
upnv.ilen*. ft i h'\ll nof, however, mteitne with umiiin-'
the line, as we rely 011 (lie ju -tiee ef the TTmted State- to
eai^e notice to he done in. Ami, on these cond'tions, we
leque-t that Geneinl Piuckney's letter, ot the *i.3d of Apnl,
to Colonel tUuvloiif.and theaiir-wei theieto, of the 3f>tii, he
:«eM on with the treaty, winch we will bi«n aftei dchveimg
tins instrument."
This was referred to a committee of the House
of Representatives, in January, 1817. At the
head of that committee was Mr. Lowndes, of
South Carolina. He made a report on thesubject,
and his report concludes thus:
"At the tune of the tieatv, the fiwudly Creeks would
have been <ati^ned, in llie opinion of Colonel Hawking to
ha\eioeeived a- an indemnify ioi then lo-.-'es the ssum of
^Gft,000. As it is to bo eoiwdeied in Mm.e mediae a chum
midei a tieuty, sis thoy M-n-m to have e\peetod that vome
lived Mini would be distributed anion? them as an equiva-
[ lent lor then losses, and a-i to do «o will bo to make it the
; uiteie-t of eaeh -ulforor that the losses of another shall not
he i-xajrycrated beyond then real amount, the committee be-
liove ir will be In -t to appiopiiate a definite Mini. Jo he ap-
. phed.undei the dneetjon 0! the ^etietaivof W.'U, to m-
I deiniti1 v th" fneiulh < 'ieok 'ndtens- (01 pioporty d'-fio'od
hv the hostile Cteeks in fair pioportioa to their lo-.-es."
, In consequence of this teport being made, a sum
! of something more than §£0,000—a sum exceeding
! that designated by Colonel Hawkins—was appro-
J prnted. That sum was distributed among the
| Indians; but the question came up again m 1824
; —it i.-' to be observed that it was submitted to the
; examination of the Conynirtee on Ways and
1 Means of the 3-louse oC Representatives, and that
; Mr. Lowndes was chairman of that committee—
' at a time when they had every means of deciding
on the actual amount which was due, when they
I had the evidence of living witnesses to guide them,
; and were, therefore, in a better position than we
j can be. In 1824 this subject was ngam referred
: to the Committee on Ways and Means, at the
' head of which was Mr. McLane, of Delaware,
i who made that report which the Senator from
| Arkansas [Mr. Sebastian] thinks so ridiculous
| ani unsubstantial. Mr. McLane says in that
! report:
; "It is the opinion of the committee, that the sum of
\ s8.>,000, appiupi mted by the law of 1817, was intended to
; be a lull indemnity to: all the Joyces ol tSie friendly Indian^,
[ and wa- equal to any reasonable expectation. Thi=« appear*.
! to be manilest fiom the estimate ivy Colonel Hawkins, that
1 the chiefs would have been ■-at^lied, at the date of the
I treaty, with the sum of .<fii),000 ; and, in the letter of the
; a<t mj £oci<'tar\ ot War to D. B Mitchell, t"io Indian
j agent, directing the application of the money, hen informed
j that, a« the law ic genera! tn its terms, and'predicated on
1 Colonel Hawkins'* estimate, ' it will be pioper to pay the
i ' claimants mentioned m the estimate onlv apoition of their
i (claim at present, as it is probable that there may be other
{ claimants entitled to the benefit of the law, who are not
'mentioned 111 the Jitt of claims furnished by Colonel Haw-
< kin«; therefore, a final distribution ot the money should not
1 take place until the whole amount of the claims is ascer-
{tamed.5"
Appended to that report is an extract of a letter
from Colonel Hawkins to Mr. George Graham,
Chief Clerk of the War Department,dated " Creek
Agency, August 1st, 1815,"111 the following terms:
" As to the extent of the claims, I have no data to calcu-
late from. Pait of the vouchers weie taken on by Mr. Cas-
sidy, the general's secretaiy, and the remainder given in
since, to the assistant agent at Coweta, which I have or-
dered on here. Whateverthey may be, 1 will for waid them
as «oon a< received. I believe, at the time ot drawing the
lines toi the treaty, $60,000 would have been received as
an equivalent. The Indians ol the Lookaubatche weie the
moft faithful, and the gieatest sufferer?. Their town wa3
besieged lot eight days, and when they had to retreat, it
was dWtroyed, with ail their property bat what they could
carry oft when thoy retreated to Coweta. Some, of Coo-
r-aude, Tuf-hegee, Coweta, and Tallahassee, had their
houses burnt, then s^tock and provisions d''stioyed; some
few to a con.sideiable amount, but mostly to a trivial one.
The losses sustained weie by no means, general, as many
of the lnendlv town< did not lo?e anything but what was
taken by difOiderly individuals of Floyd's army."
This statement, it should be observed, is con-
tained in a letter from Colonel Hawking, who was
much better acouainted with all the circumstances
than any other individual then living, or who has
lived since.
Now, Mr. President, here is the testimony on
winch the committees of that day—committees
which were nearly contemporary with the trans-
action to which this claim relates—acted, and this
is the result of their investigations. I do not be-
lieve that the testimony of Mr. Mitchell, who was
afterwards Creek agent, and who undertook to say
that a larger sum was due, wasany betteror higher
authority, or, indeed, so good authority, as was the
authority of Colonel Hawkins. At any rate, this
was a committee, at the head of winch weie those
distinguished men, Mr. Lowndes and Mr. Mc-
Lane; and both concluded that the sum of 5,60,000
would have been enough to satisfy any just demand
against the Government, and for that purpose they
appropriated the sum of !jS5,000.
How, then, are we to go behind this testimony
and look into this old transaction? And, with
what certainty can we pretend to estimate what is
due, and to do justice now? How do we know,
even if more were due, to whom it ought to be
paid ? This claim is alleged to be for losses sus-
tained by individuals. And how can we ascer-
tain who aie the heirs of those individuals, or who
is now entitled to receive this pay ? Is there any
authentic record by which this can be ascertained ?
Was it designed to pay these parties individually,
or was it a general estimate upon a sum total, rely-
ing upon the capacity of the Indian accent to ascer-
tain who was entitled to receive it? I think that that
was probably the case. I do not know how the
fact is in relation to that, but it does seem to me
impossible that we can go hack now and ascertain
what was the truth in relation to this old demand,
and the peisons who would be now entitled to re-
cei\e it, if m truth more was due at the time than
Colonel Hawkins stated to be probably due, or was
thought to be due by those two committees,
who had much better means of ascertaining the
truth than we have, and in whose judgment I am
disposed to re!}'. How, sir, can we have a final
judgment in relation to these private claims, if
such reports as these, and if such men as these,
cannot be considered as adjudicating the matter
finally ? Sir, if this state uf things is to go on, it
is manifest that e\ery claim, no matter what may
be its character, may succced. ]f claims are to
be renewed here year after year, and century after
century, it will hardly happen that some com-
mittee will not be found to report favorably, and
that, at some time an unguarded moment will be
found, at which such clam's will be passed.
Sir, in my opinion, if justice was not done by
this committee at that time, in whom I must say
that I have confidence, it is impossible for us now
to do justice, and I am unwilling to teopen the
case for the purpose of adjudicating it again.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I w'ill undertake, very brief-
ly, to answer the objections which the Senator from
Virginia has urged against the justice-of this claim.
The first objection which seemed to strike him
most strongly, is the fact, that admitting that there
are unsatisfied claims, money should not be ap-
propriated to satisfy them, on account of the diffi-
culty of ascertaining to whom the money is due.
That will be the fault of the Indians, and not ours.
