1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
"A resolution to authorize the continuance of the
work upon the two wings of the Capitolwhich
was read a first and second time by its title.
'Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I make the
same request of the House with reference to this
resolution. I ask the unanimous consent that it
be put upon its passage. It is exceedingly im-
portant that it should be done; because if this
small aopropi iation is not speedily made, the work
mi the extension of the Capitol must, necessarily,
remain in its present condition nearly the whole
of the winter. The bill only proposes to appro-
piiateg.10,000 for the purpose of employing work-
men to do that description of work which can be
done during the winter, and to keep them employed
untilthe regular appropriations shall be made. If
f he House will permit me, 1 will send to the Chair
io be read a letter from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, which shows the necessity of the appropria-
tion .
Mr. ORR. My recollection is, that a com-
mittee of investigation was appointed a few.days
since, to inquire into the manner in which the
work had been done upon these wings to the
Capitol. There have been allegations made that
the work is of such an insufficient and unsubstan-
tial character, and composed of such material, that
it may lie necessary to take the whole of it down.
I umpire of the chairman of that committee if he
has mode any progress in the investigation?
Mr. STANTON. The chairman [Mr. Mc-
Naiii] i-s not present, hut I will take occasion to
unswer for him. That committee is now proceed-
ing with the investigation. It will terminate, I
have no doubt, in about two weeks. 1 will state,
that no matter what may be the result of that in-
vestigation—whether they determine the founda-
tions are strong enough or not—this appropria-
tion wilt be expended in a way as not at all to
be affected by it.
Mr. OIIR. Not if the whole foundation is to
be taken up ?
Mr. STANTON. Not if the whole foundation
has to be taken up.
Mr. ORR. Bow is it to be expended?
Mr. STANTON. In dressing stone which can
be used in any other foundation, if it shall be deci-
ded to take down the present one. I have no idea,
I do not believe any practical man in the city of
Washington has any idea other than that the in-
vestigation will result in the declaration by the
<;ommitt«.u thai the foundations are equal, if not ;
superior, to any in the city of Washington. j
Mr. ORR. The objection urged by the gentle-!
man from Pennsylvania, who moved the appoint-
ment of this committee, was that the stone was of
an unsubstantial character. I therefore think it
proper that the consideration of this resolution
should be postponed until we have the report of
that committee.
Mr. McNAIR. The committee have appointed
Professor Johnson to examine the stone, and have
directed him to report to them its strength, its ca-
pability of sustaining the superstructure, and its
power to resist the influence of the atmosphere.
He says that he will report in about two or three
weeks. The committee are still progressing with
the testimony, which will m a short time be com-
pleted .
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to arrest thie discuo-
sion'if can do so.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order at
this stage of the proceedings.
Mr. HOUSTON. We can discuss all of these
subjects legitimately upon the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman with-
draw his objection for a moment, that the chair-
man of the committee may proceed to inform the
House how far the investigation has progressed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will for a moment.
Mr. McNAIR. We have proceeded in the in-
vestigation by examining some five or six wit-
nesses. The testimony is various. We will meet
aeain on this day week, to examine the subject
still further. We are still in doubt about the mat
ter.
Mr. ORR. How long before the committee will
be likely to submit a report ?
JVlr. McNAIR. It will be, I suppose, about
four weeks, if Mr. Johnson reports previous to
that time, which I suppose he will do.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that this bill containing an appropria-
tion, must be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, if objection be
made, which the Chair understands lias been al-
ready done m this case.
The question was then taken, and the bill was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
COLONEL MITCHELL.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the bill for
the relief of Lieutenaut Colonel Mitchell was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I do not propose to discuss or con-
sider it, but let it remain, that the committee may
lake it. up at some other time.
SENATE BILLS REFERRED.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing bills from the Senate, which were sever-
ally read the first and second time by their titles,
anil referred as indicated below:
No. 25. Ail act supplementary to the several
acts of Congress providing for the better security
of the li ves of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes. Referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
No. 203. An act authorizing new registers to
the American-built ship Obed Mitchell. Referred
to the Committee on Naval Alfairs.
No. 209. An act to change the time of holding
the United States district couits in Alabama, and
tor other purposes. Referred to the Committee op
j: the Judiciary.
'■ PUBLICATION OF THE LAWS, RT( .
tl The SPEAKER. The next bill m order is a
\ bill of the House to regulate the publication of
| j the laws of the United States and public advertise-
j! ments, which was reported from the Judiciary
|| Comjnittee, with a recommendation that it do not
i' pass; and the question pending is the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Harris] to lay
the bill upon«y £ table, and upon which motion
the yeas and rBys have been ordered.
Mr. SMART. J wish to ask my friend from
Tennessee [Mr. Harris] if he will' not have the
goodness to withdraw his motion? I have some
facts in relation to the cost of publication of the
laws, which ( desire to present.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let us go into Committee of
the Whole, by unanimous consent, and finish up
the bounty land bill, or the bill referred a few min-
utes since in regard to Colonel Mitchell. I move
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMART. I hope the House will not do
that.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Smart] will renew the mo-
tion to lay upon the table, I will withdraw it.
Mr. SMART. It will be recollected by the
House that 1 presented some views in relation to
this subject a few days ago. The subject came
up unexpectedly, and I had not prepared myself
with such i'acts as I deemed necessary for the in-
formation of the House, and which I wish to pre-
sent now briefly, for the benefit of those who may
not have understood the character of this bill. I
desire, in the first place, to state what the charac-
ter of the bill is: It provides for the publication of
the laws of the United States in two papers having
the largest circulation in each Congressional dis-
trict; and also provides that the public advertise-
ments, whenever it may be necessary to publish
them in any Congressional district, shall be pub-
lished in the same papers. That is the propo-
sition, and the objection to it seemed to be the
expense. That was the great objection urged
upon the House, and in relation to that I have
something to say. I desire the attention of the
House to the facts which I shall present. I do
not now address myself to the country, but to the
House. 1 will show what will be the expense un-
j der this plan of publication. Counted together,
i the Congressional districts and Territories amount
to two hundred and thirty-eight. Two newspa-
' pers in each district and Territory will amount to
! four hundred and seventy-six. Add four papers
; in this District, and you make the total amount
four hundred and eighty. I have a letter front the
Department of State, showing the expense of pub-
lishing the Laws for the Thirty-first Conjrress.
which I will read:
Department of State, \
Washington, 'Mk July, 1851. J
Sir : I am directed to acknowledge tlie receipt of your
letter of the 37th ultimo, addressed to tile Secretary of
State; and in reply to the inquiries therein contained, to
inform you that $224 was Allowed to the publishers or each
newspaper for publishing the laws, &.c., of the session,
and $93 the second session of the Thirty-first Congress.
No compensation is allowed to the publishers.
I am, sir, respectfully, vour obedient servant,
WM. C. ZANTZINGER, Jgent.
The average annual amount of cost, therefore,
would bo $158 50 to each paper.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the gentleman
from Maine, is that a letter from the State Depart-
ment ?
Mr. SMART. It is a letter from the State De-
partment.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is evidently an error
in the statement. I do not say the gentleman has
committed it, but there is error somewhere, for I
know the expense is greater than that.
Mr. SMART. I will say tha*the gentleman is
wholly mistaken. The statement of theSecretary
of State is correct, for I fonnd the expense in the
Bine Book.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not deny that the ex-
tract is a correct one.
Mr. SMART. 1 will state that I looked into
the Blue Book, and I found the expense put down
the same there as I have stated. Then I say that
!| the whole expense of publication upon this basis,
ij under this bill, would be $76,080, and mo more.
;! This would be the whole expense of the publiea-
|' tion of the laws in the newspapers under this plan.
|j And now when we are called upon to enact this
bill, gentlemen rise up here and complain of the
|i expense. They talk of the great expenditures of
i. Government which will he involved in the publi-
ij cation of these Laws ! But, sir, Congress expends
j! a vast deal more money m many other respects.
\ What is the expenditure for the benefit of indi-
|, viduals: This House appropriates annually, for
I! books which go to its members—to the use of the
i' les;al profession and officers in this country, a
sum exceeding $100,000. So much for expendi-
tures for the benefit of individuals. Now, when
you come to the expenditure of merely $76,000
for disseminating information of the most import-
ant character among all classes of the people, it
is thought to be a very extraordinary proceeding.
I have some facts showing the kind of distribu-
tion which is made of tlie laws of the United
States.
Mr. CARTTER. What is the aggregate
amount of the expenses of publicatlRh, as made
by your investigation?
Mr. SMART. Seventy-six thousand dollars. I
wish to call the attention of the House to the dis-
tribution of the Laws of the United States, hand-
somely bound, under the law of 3846. I mean
Little and Brown's edition. They were distribu-
ted as follows: First, to the President and Vice-'
President; second, to the Judges of the Supreme
Court of the United States; third, to the Heads of
Departments; fourth, to the Attorney General of
the United States; fifth, to Foreign Governments;
sixth, to the library of Congress; seventh, to the
Law Library; eighth, to Committees of Congress;
ninth, to District Judges and Clerks; tenth, to
Judges and Clerks of Territories; eleventh, to
Collectors of Customs; twelfth, to Surveyors of
Customs; thirteenth, to Land Officers; fourteenth,
to Foreign Ministers; fifteenth, to Navy-Yards,
Naval Schools, and West Point Academy.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Do these books be-
come the propfrty of the individuals? -
i Mr. SMART. I was about to sa)r, if the gen-
' tleman had not interrupted me, that'these Laws
: handsomely bound, are distributed to these indi-
■ viduals for'their use, while in office, under alaw of
; the United States. And I will add,' (hat they are
I better able to purchase them than thousands of
I the people of this country, who hold no office.
1 While you have made this distribution of the
i Laws in handsome volumes to these officials, will
• vou refuse to send the'Laws of the United States,
• in some proper form, to the people ? That is the
' question 1 put to the House. Gentlemen seem to
think that no publication of ihe Laws in the public ,
| press is necessary. Do they go for placing the ■
' Laws only upon the shelves of the profession and
th  desks of politicians and office holders? - . -
But there is another fact to which I wish to call
I the attention of the House. How much money,
! do gentlemen suppose, is expended here upon the
