2328
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
to change these opinions, and to announce that
change to the Senate. But I do deny his right,
after these tergiversations, to teach myself and
other Senators on this subject. Without the I
least unkindness, then, toward that Senator, he will
permit me to say that it does not become him to
get up here, denouce this measure, and censure
those who are its advocates. Such inconsistencies
ought to be, and shall be commented upon.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would suggest to the friends
of the bill that it should be laid aside, in order to
take up the civil and diplomatic bill, and then it
could be taken up to-morrow during the morning
hour.
Several Senators. Let us take the vote. I
Mr. HUNTER. If we can take the vote, I i
will not press the proposition.
Mr. SMITH. It seems that we are not only '
to have this printing bill thrust upon us, but the ■
honorable Senator from Indiana—after the bill has !
been forced upon us, to the postponement of the ;
river and harbor bill, and the civil and diplomatic
bill—has put me on trial on a question of consist- ;
ency. The honorable Senator has preferred an
indictment; Idonotknowhowmanycountshehas 1
put in it; but I hope I may be permitted to stand
up here and putin a plea of "not guilty;" and
before I get through I venture to say that I shall
satisfy every member of the Senate, except, per-
haps, that gentleman, that I am not guilty.
This is not the first time that the gentleman has ;
stood up here and preferred against me a charge .
of inconsistency in relation to the subject of the '
public printing. When the charge was made be- ;
fore, I brought in the record and I proved from it
that the charge was utterly false; and I now say :
it is unfounded. The gentleman seems to take :
pleasure in reading from some remarks that I had
the honor to address to the Senate at the last Con-
gress. I wish I had them before me. If 1 had ;
them here I should not ask another human being I
in the Chamber except the Senator from Indiana
to listen to me; and I think I could give him some !
little light on the subject.
I admit that, when the question in regard to the |
preparatory printing for the taking of'the census j
was before the Senate, I did claim that it could ;
not be let out to the lowest bidder with safety and j
propriety; and I assigned a special reason for it. |
1 said that it required paper of a very excellent |
character—very nearly of the quality of bank i
bills; that these sheets were to be transmitted 1
through the mails; that they were to undergo a
great deal of manipulation or handling; and that ;
if the paper were not of the best quality, the >
sheets would be broken up and returned heie to -
the Department in such a manner as to render .
them wholly illegible and unintelligible. I did !
maintain that it would not. do to let out printing
of that character to the lowest bidder. Rut if the
honorable gentleman will take up the record of
my speeches m regard to the printing of the census
returns, he will find it written down there that I
contended that the printing of those returns should
be let out to the lowest bidder. I avowed it over
and over again. When I spoke upon the subject,
I brought in the record and lead it in the ears of
the gentleman; but it seems that the reading had
very little effect on his memory. I contended in
the strongest terms that I never would consent to
let out the departmental printing, or the printing
of the census returns to any other man than the
lowest bidder. He will find it so written in my
speech. There it stands, and there it will stand
to the end of time. I contended that the printing
of the census was departmental printing, and that
it ought to go to the lowest bidder—that letting it
out to the lowest bidder would save a very large
sum of money to ihe Government.
But it would really seem that I cannot rise to
address the Senate on any subject but that i have
some honorable Senator on the other side bring-
ing against me an accusation of inconsistency.
The honorable Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Borland,] when I spoke on the Sault Ste. Mane
canal bid, arraigned me on the charge of inconsist-
ency. The honorable gentleman from Indiana,
when I addressed the Senate on the subject of
printing, early in the session, arraigned me on the
same charge. I showed then that it was utterly
unfounded, and if I had the record here now I
would show that this charge is equally unfounded.
I have insisted from the beginning that the print-
ing of the census returns should be let out to the
lowest bidder. And here, sir, we have a revela-
tion, and I will speak it out. The object of this
measure—I do not say it is an improper object, I
call in question no man's motive, I impeach the
conduct of no one—and the object ef pressing it
now is to enable the honorable gentleman and
those who act with him politically, to lay their
! hands on this business of printing the census re-
i turns, and hand it over to the man who may be
! elected public printer by the Democratic majority
1 in the two Houses of Congress.
| In relation to the system of Congressional print-
' ing, I have always said that the contract system
! had failed. I said that it ought to be changed.
But how changed ? Not by electing some partisan
to do the printing of the two Houses of Congress,
but I have contended that some modification was
necessary, and I believe I suggested that we ought
to purchase the paper and then let out the mere
press-work and composition to the lowest bidder.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Certainly. I well rec-
ollect that that was your argument.
Mr. SMITH. My honorable friend from Ken-
tucky informs me that he well recollects that I
took that ground. All that the honorable Senator
from Indiana, then, has to stand upon in prefer-
ring against me the accusation of inconsistency, is
that I insisted, in regard to the printing preliminary
to the taking of the census, that it would not do
to let it out to the lowest bidder. 1 have always
1 insisted that the contract system, as it now stands,
^ according to law, should prevail in regard to the
i departmental printing; but in regard to the Con-
, gressional printing, I have at all times admitted
that there should be some amendment. I now
stand ready to vote for a proper amendment; but
I am not pledged to vote for all sorts of amend-
i ments.
j A majority have decided here that they will lay
| their hands on the departmental printing. It is
1 not enough that the partisan to be elected by the
two Houses shall have all the printing of the two
; Houses. It is not enough that he shall have the
| printing of the census, which I suppose will be
I conferred on him. But it is proposed to make
this bill a sort of broom to go through all the
1 Departments and gather up all the patronage to be
| found, and give it to some favorite of the party.
I have gone far enough in vindicating the posi-
■ tion which I have assumed hitherto. I say that
my course has been consistent. 1 have main-
i tamed most strenuously that we never should de-
part from the system of letting out the printing to
the lowest bidder. I have always admitted, how-
ever, that it was necessary that there should be
i some modification of the law in regard to the Con-
I gressional printing. Having done this, I move to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not arraigned the hon-
orable Senator, or made any charge against him,
which is not supported by the record which I have
read. I merely charged that he had hitherto been
the advocate of the contract system, whenever the
contract system was likely to benefit the peculiar
interest that he seems to represent on this floor;
and whenever it did not suit that interest, he was
against it. He has been for and against it, as cir-
cumstances and interest seemed to require.
Sir, I might, when last up, have read further,
and proved that the honorable gentleman on one
occasion pledged himself to bring in a bill to re-
peal this odious contract system; and if the Sen-
ate will indulge me, I will do so now. At page
495 of the Congressional Globe for the first session
of the Thirty-first Congiess, on the question of
printing the Seventh Census, the honorable Sena-
tor remarked :
" I was aliout to explain what was the real cause of tile
delay. It is tins vicious system of printing ; and I contend
that it is lltteiiy impossible, under this system, that we
should have public documents ready in time. Tt is neces-
sary that it should be abioj/ated, and r will now intimate
that, at a very early day, 1 intend to bring the subject under
the consideiation of the Senate. I say then, simply that,
admitting, as J do, to the fullest extent, that neilhr-r the
Committee on Printing nor the majoiity in the two Houses
of Congress aie m fault. Tiie Administration is not re-
sponsible for what may be said by the editor of the Re-
public, in any desrrep ; and that the whole difficulty results
from Uus unfbrti'nate system, winch can only be charac-
terized by the old proverb, as being' penny wise, and pound
foolish.'"
These were the remarks of the Senator on that
occasion in which he pledged himself to bring in
a bill to repeal the whole system, which I believe
he has not done. There is one point to which
I must allude, and I am done ; and that is the
fact, that the Senator objects to the bill on the
ground that the prices proposed to be paid are
extravagantly high—there is a great fortune in
them—that we are about to pay enormous prices to
sustain a partisan press, &c. Why, sir, the prices
proposed to be paid by this bill are not so high as
those recommended to be paid by that honorable
Senator as a member of the Committee on Print-
ing, and under which that committee proposed to
let out the printing of Congress. I appeal to the
honorable Senator from Arkansas, who was a
member of the committee at that time, to state
whether or not the statement I make is not true—
whether the prices provided to be paid by the
terms of this bill are notas low, if not lower, than
those recommended by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, as a member of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BORLAND. As I am appealed to by my
friend from Indiana, I will state, that from ail ex-
amination which I made as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing, and an examination which I
have since made of the rates of compensation pro-
posed to be given for printing under the contract
made by the committee with Messrs. Donelson &
Armstrong, and the publishers of the Republic; and
from an examination which I have made, as care-
fully as I could, of the prices to be paid by this
bill, I have come to the conclusion that the prices
proposed to be given to the Republic and Union
offices were higher than these. I do not think
there is a great deal of difference between them;
but I am perfectly satisfied that these prices were
higher—I think from ten to twenty per cent, higher
—than those proposed in this bill. This is my
opinion. I may be mistaken; but from the best
examination I have been able to make, such is the
conclusion to which 1 have arrived.
Mr. BRIGHT. That is the statement of the
prices which the Senator was willing then to have
j given.
j Mr. SMITH. I shall be heard upon that point.
| 1 will attend to this last indictment directly.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this bill until to-morrow for the
purpose of taking up the river and harbor bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. If there is no other Senator
who desires to discuss it, we may as well vote
upon it.
Mr. SMITH. I am going to be heard on this
indictment, and probably shall take up half a
day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope it will not be post-
poned. If the policy is to speak out to the end of
the session on every little remaik that is made
here, under the plea of an indictment, to prevent
the action of Congress upon the bill, I am in favor
of letting the Senator go on and speak now, and
speak all night. I understand this policy. He
avows the object is now to take half a day in an-
swering a single remark. Sir, he may speak until
doomsday, and yet the record proves that the
statement of the Senator from Indiana is true.
The object then is to occupy time; and if this bill
is to be evaded by occupying the time until the
end of the session, I am in favor of sitting heie at
once until he shall weary himself out, and then
vote on the bill.
Mr. SMITH. Here is a third indictment, Mr.
President. [Laughter.] Indictment number three.
I cannot try two indictments at the same time. 1
am going to take indictor the honorable Senator
from Indiana, and then I will take indictor the
honorable Senator from Illinois, who will see how
he will come out. That I will stand by. I do
not care when these indictments come on. I am
willing to try them now", or next week.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to complete the river and
harbor bill, which wo had under consideration
yesterday and ordered to be read a third time. I
| suppose debate upon it is; exlur.i.'tcd, and that it
, will occupy no time, but that it will lie necessary
i: only to read it a third tune and pass l!, 1 tiieiT-
fore move to postpone the further consideiation ol'
this bill until half past two o'clock. When we
have passed the river and haibor bill, we can take
this up again.
Mr. MANGUM. This bill h:a matter of very
great importance. Tiie civil and diplomatic bill,
and the river and harbor bill, are comparatively
of but little moment. This is a great political
machine—a party machine—as the honorable Sen-
