552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 12,
printers of this city? Why you expend, on an
average, $200,000 annually upon the printers and
publishers of this city, exclusive of the amount
paid to them for the publication of the laws and
public advertisements. And yet, when I propose
to expend $76,000 among the printers of the whole
country—to the most healthy portion of the
American press, and for the benefit of the whole
people, gentlemen seem to think that it is an ex-
orbitant expenditure. I hold that an expenditure
which is for the benefit of the people, is a wise
and good expenditure. I hold that the intelligence
of the people is the solid basis of the republican
institutions of this country, and that any expend-
iture which is made to disseminate information
and light among the people, is a wholesome and
proper expenditure. Show the people your laws
and they will see where to apply the knife of re-
trenchment—they will make good use of the in-
formation you give them. The bill before us, I
  admit, adds a littlerto the expense of Government,
but it will, in the end, lead to retrenchment.
But further: the present publication of the Laws
of the United States is absurd—totally absurd.
What is it ? You provide for the publication of the
Laws of the United States in two newspapers in
each State—in two papers in the great State of
Ohio, for instance, and in two papers in the State
of Delaware. You not only majo) an arbitrary
provision for the equal circulatiofffjf the Laws in
States with populations greatly varying in amount,
butyoudo more—you confineittoaparty. When
the Whigs are in power you give the circulation
entirely to the Whigs, ana when any other party
is in power, you give it entirely to that party.
I say, then, that the circulation of the Laws of the
United States, as at present provided, is totally
absurd. Why, what is the circulation of the laws
of the State of Ohio, in that State? [ have some
information on that subject, which 1 suppose is
nearly correct, for I obtained it from a gentleman
belonging to Ohio. I understand that Ohio pub-
lishes her own Laws in two papers in each county.
I understand further, that there are some eighty
comities in the State, and that the Laws are pub-
lished in something like one hundred and fifty
papers ill the State of Ohio alone, at an expense
of about #13,000. That is what Ohio does; and
if you take her circulation of the Laws as an av-
erage, it would cost $125,000 to publish the Laws
of the several States of the Union. The States
feel it important that their laws should be pub-
lished; and^Ohio and other States can afford as
much as I n^e stated to publish their Laws, I
think the Government of the United States might
afford to pay f76,000 for the publication of the
Laws of Congress for the benefit of ihe people.
Sir, is it a fact tluU the laws we make here are
of no importance' We come here and sit in
grave council; gentlemen come together from all
parts of the country to legislate for tile good of
the country, and then publish the laws they enact
in so few papers in the Union as to be almost in-
accessible to the people. In my remarks upon
this hill some days ago, 1 spoke of the patronage
of Government dispensed to the press and to indi-
viduals, and 1 intend to say something more upon
that subject now. 1 wish gentlemen to under-
stand that there is a wide difference between the
patronage of the Government and the expenditures
of the Government. The Government may make
expenditures and still give no patronage. This
bill, it is true, slightly increases the expenses of
the Government, bnt'it diminishes its patronage.
What I wish to speak of now, is th? patronage of
the Government—that is, the expenditures upon
individuals over whose tenure of office the Admin-
istration have control. The patronage of this Gov-
ernment, it is well known, has become enormous,
and I have some facts in relation to that subject
t-° which I wish to call the attention of the House,
n f6 e:!cllell(^tures the Government, nearly
all of which are under the control of the Admmis-
t rati on, have been for certain periods as follows;
1840' $22,389,356-, 1852,
S4J,8ib,U4; exclusive of payment of the public
debt; showing that the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment have nearly doubled in every ten years
since 1830. I ask if this is not an enormous ex-
penditure, and if we have not reason to be alarmed
at the increasing patronage of the Government?
In addition to this, you have under the control of
the Administration a large portion of the press of
the country, by means of the publication of the
laws, and more particularly of the public adver-
tisements. - • .
Let us for a moment look at a few items of ex-
penditure 6ver which the President has a direct or
indirect control, I read from Mr. Corwin's report:
Executive Itepartment $1,120,663 02
Governments of Territories  51,408 10
Surveyors and other clerks  60,680 57
Officers of Mint and branches  43,300 00
It is proper to state, that part of the amount
allowed for governments of Territories goes to
members of the Legislature of Territories, over
whose tenure of office thePresident has no control.
foreign intercourse.
Salaries of Ministers.    $81,934 73
Salary of Minister Resident to Turkey  7,500 00
Salaries of Charges d'Affaires  70,146 02
Salaries of Secretaries of .Legation  . 18,481 09
Salary of Dragoman to Turkey  2,750 00
Commissioner to reside in China  7,500 00
Secretary and Chinese Interpreter.    3,000 00
Commissioner to the Sandwich Islands..... 2,016 67
Outfits of Ministers and Charges d'Affaires.. 128,500 00
Compensation for certain diplomatic services. 2,295 92
Contingent expenses of all the missions abroad 31,852 <58
Contingent expenses of foreign intercourse.. 40,441 03
Salary of the Consul at London  2,000 00
Clerk lure and office rent to Consul atLondon 2,800 00
Salary of Consul at Alexandra*  3,000 00
Salaiy of Consul at Heyrout  500 00
Salaries of Consuls at Kwang, &c., China.. 1,500 00
Olhce-rent of Consul at Basle, Switzerland.. 382 33
Intercourse with JJarbary Powers  8,000 00
Interpieters, guards, and other expenses of
Consulates in Tmkish dominions   1,475 22
Renewal of diplomatic intercour&u with Mex-
ico  3,432 48
Compensation and contingent expenses of
Gomnussioncis Under treaty with Mexico.. 20,428 39
lN®d that there are upwards of one hundred
collection districts in the United States; and the
Secretary of the Treasury tells us in his annual
report that he will need $2,450,000 to pay the
salaries and other expenses incident to these col-
lection districts. Take this branch of the service
alone, and I ask this House if it does not present
a case of enormous patronage of the Government?
' In the cities and towns where this immense sum
j is expended by the appointees ofr^e President,
j the publishers of leading newspapWs are the re-
cipients of favor from the President, and willingly
do his bidding.
By such instruments, influence is made in the
great cities of the Union to control the Union.
This influence exhibits itself in the shape of meet-
ings, resolves, speeches, &c., and is often called
public sentiment, when in truth it proceeds from
the dictation of the Executive, and is merely the
emanation of his will. It is true that when
the people are in a state of healthy excitement they
(lo their own work, and salaried men are com-
pelled to stand out of their way. But in times of
apathy the* e is always danger from the machina-
tions of the hundred thousand men who are fed
! from the Treasury of the nation. There are, it is
j true, many honorable exceptions among the men
: holding office: but the great majority of those ;
j who receive office from the hands of the Execu- '
j tive respond with alacrity to hiscommands. These
i references to the patronage of the Executive are
I sufficient, T trust, to satisfy all of its magnitude—
I to satisfy all that it has increased beyond the in-
j creiise of population—to satisfy all that it is liable
: to become a dangerous power unless its control is
' to some extent modified. Shall we, then, allow the
Executive any longer the power to withhold or
bestow patronage, so far as the press is concerned,
or shall we pass this bill, which employs printers
to do the work of the Government without the
intervention of the Executive ?
t Why, sir, when I reflect npon tins subject of .
i Executive patronage, I am reminded of what was
| said in the time of the Revolution, by our fathers,
, against the mother country, and I have here one
j or two extracts, which, with the indulgence of
! the House, I will read.
, Our revolutionary fathers fought for the cor-
! rection of more abuses than it will be necessary
for me to menticn upon the present occasion, i
, They; fought to deliver themselves from unjust |
taxation, to preserve the principles of habeas corpus, [
and jury trials from outrageous violation by the ;
British authorities, and to reform abuses in the i
distribution of offices and emoluments.
These abuses were made the subject of frequent
complaint to the British Parliament, and to the
people of England, and the American colonies. In
an address (October 21, 1774) to the people of
Great Britain, from the delegates in General Con-
gress, at Philadelphia, the following language was
used;
" We might tell of dissolute, weak, and wicked governors
having been set over us, * * * of needy and
ignorant dependents on great men advanced to the seats of
justice, and to other places of trust and importance."
" Expensive and oppressive offices have been multi-
plied.' '-"Memorial of Continental Congress, 1774.
" Judges of courts of common law have been made de-
pendent on the Crown for their commissions and salaries.'r
"The charges of usual offices have been greatly in-
creased, and new, expensive, and oppressive offices have
been multiplied."—Jlddress to the King by Continental
Congress, 1774.
" Officers employed in the administration of justice, have
been rendered independent of the people with respect both
to their salaiies and the tenure of their commissions."—
Jlddress to the Lords, Spiritual and Temporal, of Great
Britain, by the Neiv York Assembly, 1775.
"He [tlie,British King] has erected a multitude of new
offices, and sent hither swarms of officers to harass our
people and eat out their substance."—Declaration of In-
dependence.
I repeat, sir, when ) reflect upon the enormous
increase of the patronage of this Government, the
multiplication of officers, and the control of the
Government over those officers, I am forcibly re-
minded of the complaints of our fathers in th&
Revolution. I appeal to gentlemen to say if the
patronage of the Government is not sufficiently
large without giving to the Administration, to a
great extent, the control of a thousand publishers
and printers ? And while I am upon this subjm, I
cannot perhaps do better than to call the attention
of the House to a report made in 1826 by Mr,
Benton, as chairman of a select committee of the
Senate, recommending a reduction of the patron-
age of the Executive Government, and presenting-
among other bills to promote that object, one taking
the control of the press away from the Executive,
ask attention to one or two extracts from that
report.
Speaking of the power and workings of the Fed-
eral patronage, he says:
"The whole of this great power will center in the Pres-
ident. The King of England is the 'fountain of honoi;'
the President of the United States is thesouree of patronage.
He presides over the entire system of Federal appoint-
ments, jobs, and contracts. He has ' power' over the 6 sup-
puit' of the individuals who administer his system. lie
makes and unmakes them. He chooses from the cncle of
his friends and supporters, and may dismiss them, aod upon
ail the principles of human action, will dismiss them as
often as they disappoint his expectations. His spirit will
animate their actions m all the elections to State or Federal
offices. There may be exceptions, but the truth of a gen-
eral l ule is proved by an exception.
"The intended check and control of the Senate, without,
new constitutional or statutory provisions, will cease to op-
e rate. P atronage will pen etrate this body, subdue its capacity
of resistance, chain it to the car of powei, and enable the
President to rule as easily, and rhuch more securely, with
than without the nominal check of the Senate. * * *-
We must look foi ward to the tune when the public revenue
will be doubled, when tfie civil and military officers of the
Federal Government will be quadrupled; when its influence
over individuals will be multiplied to an indefinite extent;
wh'ui the nomination by the President can carry any
man through the Senate, and his lecommendation can
cairyany measure through the two Houses of Congress ;
when the principle oj public men will be open and avowed :
The President wants my vole, and I want his patronage.
J will vote as he wishes, and he will give me the office I
wish for. What will this be but the government of one
man ? And what is the government of one man buta mon-
archy? Names are nothing. The nature of a thing is in
its substance, and the name soon accommodates itself to the
substance. The first Roman Emperor was stvled Emperor
of the Republic, and the last French Emperor took the
same title, and their respective countries were just as essen-
tial ly monarchical befoie as after the assumption of these
titles. It cannot be denied or dissembled but that this Fed-
era! Government gravitates to the same point." * * *
" In the country for which the committee act, the Press
with some exceptions, the Post Office, the Armed Force, and
the Appointing Power aie in the hands of the President, and
the President himselfis not in the hands of the people. The
President may, and, m the current of human affairs, will
be against the people; and m his hands the arbiters of hu-
man fate nm>t be against them also.
" This will not do. The possibility of it must be avoided.
The safety of the people is the 'supreme law,' and to in-
sure that safety these arbiters ofhuman fate, must change
position, and take part on the side of the people.,J
"The committee must take things as they are. Not being
able to lay the axe at the root of the tree, they must go to
pruning among the limbs and branches. Nut being able to
reform the Constitution, in the election of President, they
must go to work upon his powers, and trim down these
by statutory enautments, wherever it can be done by
law, and with a just regard to the proper efficiency of the
Government. For this purpose, they have reported the sit
bills enumerated. They do not pretend to have exhausted
the subject; but only to have seized a few of its prominent
points. They have only touched in four places the vast
and pervading system of federal Executive patronage the
Press, the Post Office, the Armed Force, and the Appointing
Power. They are few compared to the whole number of
points which the system presents; but they ore points vital
to the liberties of the country. The Press is put fore-
most, because it IS the moving power of human ac-
