1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
553
tion-s; the Post Office is the handmaid of the Press; the
Armed Force its Executor; and the Appointing Power the
directie&s of the whole.
Let me say with regard to this bill that I have
no pride of opinion about it, but I believe that it
has merit, and I ask this House to consider it for
its intrinsic merit. I want no triumph for the
proposition because I have introduced it, but I ask
gentlemen to look at the proposition;-examine it
carefully, and before they dispose of it by laying
it on the table, to see if it is not worthy of con-
sideration.
It has been proposed, as a means of reducing
.Executive power, to elect officers of the Federal
Government by the people—to prohibit the ap-
pointment of members of Congress to office during i
their term of office; but these things can only be !
accomplished by an alteration of the Constitution,
but a divorce of the press from the Government
can be brought about at the present time by law.
This bill will effect the object, and I hope it will
pass.
Mr. CARTTER, (Mr. Smart yielding the
floor.) With the permission of the gentleman
from Maine, 1 will say that I am in favor of this
bill, from a consideration that he has not alluded
to, but I do not wish to detain the House with an
argument upon the subject at this late hour of
thdr session. The project contained in this prop-
osmon, is the first practical project for giving the
freemen of the Republic a practical knowledge of
what transpires here, m the way of law-making.
The previous action of the Government upon this
subject has acknowledged the duty, by some ways
and means, of bringing the law-making power
home to the knowledge of the makers of law-
makers, and of giving evidence to the people of
what transpires here, in the form of authoritative
laws. Now, as has been justly remarked by the
gentleman from Maine, it is a mockery of that de-
sign to commit the publication of our laws to
two partisan presses in a State. It is a mere ac-
knowledgment of the duty on the part of the
Government towards citizens, to bring home to
the citizens a knowledge of the laws that are
enacted, without doing it. The proposition of
the gentleman from Maine, is a practical pioposi-
tion to make the people of the United States ac-
quainted with the transactions of this body, when
those transactions have assumed the solemn form
of laws. I am in favor of it, for the reason that
the history of this Republic and the history of the
States within the Republic in their own municipal
legislation, is this, that in proportion as you have
brought the law-making agents into intelligible con-
nection with the constituents of those agents, you
have elevated the tone of legislation, and increased
the responsibility of the Representatives. I am in
favor of it, because it affords a record—an intel-
ligible record that is read by every constituent who
is worthy of wielding a vote, by which he can judge
and bring to accountability the man who represents
him.
Now, if you will confer upon your constituents
a knowledge of your transactions, let them have
it practically, instead of concealing them in the
columns of a partisan press. There was an old i
law iti Rome which compelled the authorities to I
publish upon the posts in the city of Rome what
they had enacted into law. But it is said that in
order to get rid of the effect of that law, the au-
thorities caused their laws to be posted so high ^
that the people could not read what they had en- j
acted. So in regard to the laws which you enact I
here, you post them so high that the people can- 1
not read them. You have been careful to transfer
them to the columns of two partisan presses in |
each State, and you might as well have buried !
them below the soil of that State as to have done ■
it. I hope this proposition will prevail. But the ;
question of expense is mooted in it, and the sub- !
jpet of expenditure takes hold of the intelligence of :
the people. Now, when the question ofexpendi- ,
ture is mooted in the publication of these laws, ;
as a representative of the people, I have no fear ;
of it. If this argument was urged in reference to ,
the idle drafts upon the Treasury, proceeding from 1
men who have no other interest than the consump-
tion of money, I would go with the closest econo-
mist in relation to it. But here, it seems, the
expenditure of $75,000 is grudged. Those who
acknowledge the necessity for the publication of
the laws grudge it. But when that $75,000 is sent
on the mission of informing every reading citizen
.of the Republic of what you do, when what you
do is resolved into the solemn form of law, the
expenditure has no terrors for me.
I would advise your Committee of Ways and
Means, when they come to consider the subject of
retrenchment, to turn their attention to the idle
Navy, rotting at your yards, and absorbing annu-
ally millions of the people's substance. Then give
your attention to your corrupt contract system,
which is eating out your Treasury by millions,
instead of quibbling about this $75,000, by which
it is proposed to acquaint the people with what we
do. I hope the motion to lay this bill upon the
table will not prevail, and that this House will do
itself the justice to send home, if nothing else, a
faithful daguerreotype of its proceedings.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. SMART. I wish to conclude what I have
to say.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I only want to make a sug-
gestion. I hope the bill will be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
where it can be discussed. It comes before this
House with a report of one of thestandingcommit-
tees against it, and it can hardly be expected that this
House will at once pass the bill, when after being
investigated by one of its intelligent committees it
has been reported back with an adverse report.
For myself, I am not prepared to say what are the
merits of the bill. I desire to see it discussed and
explained further before I am prepared to vote in
its favor. But I hope it will go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and I
shall vote to give it that direction or I shall v£>teto
lay it on the table. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] that if he wishes
to modify the existing law in this respect, that he
allow it to go to* the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, where there is already a
bill pending in relation to the public printing. I
have not the floor for the purpose of making that
motion, and therefore can only suggest it. I
should be glad to see these two bills considered
together.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Will the gen-
tleman from Maine yield in order to allow me to
move an adjournment?
Mr. SMART. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion. I desire to say a few
words upon the bill, and it is not likely that it will
come up again soon.
Mr. STEPHENS refused to withdraw the mo-
tion, and *
The House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition?, inemoriaN, &.<?., were presented
under the rule, and leleired to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. MASON: The petition of E. R. flollingsworth,
and 51 othcis, citizens of Lawrence and othei counties m
the State of Kentucky, praying for an mcreabod duty on
iron.
By Mr. CONGER: The memorial of Beverly Johnson and
liy otheis, asking lor a mail route fuun Lapeer county Mte
to Pine Run, in Genesee county, Michigan, via I.athrop's
Mills, Origon, Niver's Mills, Mautthon, Hay's Mill, and
Forest. i
By Mr. FULLER, of Maine: The memorial of Gilman j
D. King, and sundry othei*, ship-master"* and ship owners,
of Calais and vieimty, Maine, asking Congress to build a
light house on Southern Inland, .it the entrance ot Tenant's
• Harbor, in the town of St. George, roa^t of Maine.
I By Mr. IIKNTsC: Th« petition of Henry P. SehoUe and
j Smothers, citizens of Manon county, Iowa, a-.ki1^f lot a
I mail route from Newton, via Pella, Amsterdam, Knoxville,
I and Chauton, to Nine Eagles or New Buda.
By Mr. DT/ilKEE: The petition ot the Board of the
| Lawrence Umveis-ity, in the State of Wisconsin, asking
j Congress to appropriate a portion of thepuhhe land-s for the
benefit of said institution, upon certain conditions therein
; expressed.
I By Mr. McCORKLE: The memorial of R. Glover and
J.J. Wright, praying Congiess to pass a law authonzmg
i the Postmaster Genera! to contract with them for thetians-
' poitation of the United States mail trom New Orleans to
; Veia Cruz
; By Mr. : The memorial of William C. Daniel, of
,, Georgia.
1 By Mr. BRENTON : The petition of citizens of New
1 Coiydon, Jay county, Indiana, a,-king for a new mail route
'! from Muncietown, in Delawaie county, Indiana, to Wilt-
| ■ shire. Van Wet r eountv, Ohio.
i By Mr. HENDRICKS • The petitions of C. J. Hand, of
;i Marion county, and Lot Edwards and James Rutherford,
1 of Hancock county, Indiana, praying that compensation
i, be made to the assistant marshals for services in taking the
t i Seventh Census.
It By Mr. FLORENCE: The memorial of Lewis, James
& Co., Bacon & Oppenbeimer, James S. Smith, H. Jones
Brooke, and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, Delaware,
and New Jersey, praying for an appropriation at the present
session of Congress for the erection of suitable piers and
harbors in the Delaware river and bay, to afford shelter for
vessels navigating themi
Also, the memorial of Charles Conner, late a seaman,
who lost his sight in the service of the United States, pray-
ing for a pension.
Also, the memorial of Henry Hochstrasser, of Philadel-
phia, praying foi compensation to defray actual expenses
incuued, and for indemnity for the loss of a contract to fur-
nish locks and keys for the use of the mail service of the
United States.
By Mr. MeLANAHAN: Two memorials from citizens of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the renewal of the pat-
ent granted to Austin and Zebulon Parker, for alleged im-
provements upon reaction water wheels.
By Mr. WALSH : The memorial of Henry Manktn, of
Baltimore, praying the Postmaster General may be author-
ized to contract tor the tran^poitation of the mail between
tne city of Baltimore and certain ports m South America.
By Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. The petition for removal
of land office at Lebanon, Alabama, to Centre, Cherokee
county, Alabama.
By Mr. GREEN: The memorial of William P. Reznor,
John J. Strother, and Isaac J. Stiother, of Ohio, deputy
marshals, asking increased compensation for taking the
census
By Mr. EDGERTON: The memorial of E. M. Dennison
and Thomas E. Nichols, assistant marshals of Auglaifce
county, Ohio, asking additional compensation for taking
the census.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The remonstrance of Samuel
Mergarger and many other lumber dealers m Philadelphia,
against the renewal of Woodwork's patent for a planing
machine.
By Mr. McDONALD : The petition of John Weeks for
arrearages of pay for service as first mate in the late war
with Great Biitain.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 13, 185^.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
POSTPONEMENT OF PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. GWiN. 1 move that the consideration of
private bills be postponed for one hour, in order
that memorials may be presented, and the usual
business of the morning hour transacted.
Mr. CASS. Say till one o'clock.
Mr. CLARKE. What reason does the Senator
from California assign for making this motion ?
We have since the adoption of the resolution set-
ting Fridays apart for the consideration of bills on
the Private Calendar, adhered to it thus far; and
1 would like to have a good reason why we should
depart from it.
Mr. GWIN. I have already stated the reason*
namely, that we might attend to our usual morn-
ing business. I onlv move to post^gpe the con-
sideration of private bills for an hour.
Mr. CLARKE. Then 1 will move to amend
the proposition of the Senator from California^ by
saying "till one o'clock." It is now half past
twelve, and I think half an hour will be sufficient
for all the morning business likely to come up to-
day.
The PRESIDENT. The question will be first
on the longest time.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pone for an hour, and it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
postpone until one o'clock, and it was adopted.
PETITIONS.
j Mr. RUSK presented the petition of George
! W. Sevier, praying payment for hogs taken and
! used by the United States troops during the war
i with Mexico-, which was referred to the Commit-
: tee on Military Affairs.
i Mr. CASS presented the memorial ofTheophi-
] lus Harderibrook, representing that he was taken
prisoner during the last war with Great Britain,
and confined more than two years in Dartmoor
i Prison, and praying a pension or some other re-
• numeration forhissufferings and privations during
that time; which was referred to the Committee of
' Claims.
' Mr. CHASE presented two memorials of as-
i sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
j Brown and Sandusky counties, Ohio, praying ad-
' ditional compensation; which were referred to the
! Committee of Claims.
j On motion bj^Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was ^
i Ordered. That the Committee on Pension*, to which was^
, referred the petition of William Dusenhury, praying bonnty|
I land, be discharged from the consideration of the same,j.v
and that it be leferred to the Committee on RevoUtfionar/?^
Claims. - f '-"V ' '
CHARLES A. GRIGNON-" * : : ; :
i Mr. ATCHISON. I am instructed by the
