1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2329
ator from Connecticut thinks. It is vastly import-
ant that it should be considered. Sir, I do not
like to interpose a word here in defense of the
honorable Senator from Connecticut, because he
is like the man in the A Imanac. There is hardly
a Democrat in this Senatorial Chamber but must
casthis darts athim. He is the head of the Whig
Senatorial Committee, and he throws many an
arrow at the opposite party, which perhaps inflict
some wounds. But, as to his consistency, it is
a matter of great moment that it should be defend-
ed—a matter of vast importance—representing, as
he does, the august and powerful, and, as I he ie j
to be, triumphant Whig party. That consistency |
is of more consequence than the passage of the ;
civil and diplomatic bill, or of the river and harbor
bill. [Laughter.] It is the very life and soul of the '
great mid struggling Whig party, which is to be
the victorious one. Letgentlemen assail that con-
mstency if they wili. Has there ever been a Whig
nominee that he has not supported ? Has the Sen-
ator ever been found deserting his party? Has he !
ever been found scismatic in regard to the prm- 1
ciples of his own party? Has there ever been a '
Democratic move, by which the Democratic party i
were going to pluck money out of the Treasury i
for party purposes, which he has not resisted? I
[Laughter.] If they move in one direction one
day, he must take the opposite; if they change
their policy the next day, he also must again take
the opposite—always consistent in opposing the !
tricks and schemes of those who wish to pocket
money for party purposes. Sir, I will defend that !
consistency to any extent that I would defend |
myself. There never has been a Whig nominee
that he has not been the supporter of. [Laughter.] i
He never lias been called upon to take part in the
labor, as the head of the central committee, but j
he has entered into the harness, and has worked ,
like a dray-horse. ;
T am not at all surprised at the threefold ao.cu- ,j
sation which has been brought against him. I
know he will be able to bear it—he will be able to '
resist it. This is a matter of great consequence.
I hope the consistency of the honorable Senator
will be defended successfully, and acknowledged.
I appeal to the magnanimity of the Democratic
party, if they have ever seen him conniving at
any practice of theirs which he supposed to be
aimed at the great and triumphant Whig party'
Never, sir; never. [Laughter.] He has shown ;
a consistency which is honorable to him, as a
Whig, and as a Whig statesman—not only to the
party, but to the country. j]
Well, sir, as to putting off this matter I do not
know but that the money which will be expended
under it may come into use. There is some little -
necessity to pass the civil and diplomatic bill. :
Howevei,that is comparatively unimportant. I :j
am utterly opposed to this whole scheme in its 1
present shape. I do not des'.ire to speak against j.
time. The honorable Senator from Illinois says he i;
understands that. I have never practiced it in my I
life. I think it is pretty well understood by some !,
gentlemen. We saw at the close of the last ses- :
sion of Congress that it was pretty well under-j1
stood by a certain party, upon the river and liar- <
bor bill that does not appear upon the records of
the last session, except its being unsuccessfully i
before us. I have no disposition to speak against '
time, but I am utterly unwilling that, at one fell ;
swoop, a party that is temporarily in the ma-
jority here, should seize upon the immense pat- !
ronage which gentlemen are aiming at, of the ]
entire public printing of the entire Federal Govern- •
ment. Sir, is there any gentleman here who will ;
rise in his place, and upon his responsibility as a '
Senator, undertake to say that there is the slightest
ground of imputation against the success of the
present system, as practiced under the Depart-
ments of the Government?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Certainly it has been con-
Most assuredly it has.
Has its proper acting been
I hope I shall not be inter-
j| Mr. MANGUM.
j| rupted.
ji Mr. DOUGLAS. I should not have interrupted
11 the Senator if he had not put the question. My
[ silence might have been deemed acquiescence.
J; Mr.MANGUM. I desire this thing to appear
j; upon proof; not mere assertion. I desire the
1 proofs to be made, and not that it shall go upon
I a mere naked, bald assertion. If, as the Senator
i calculates, the entire success of the Democratic
I party be certain, the Government, I suppose, will
j be in the hands of honest men. I am willing to
| trust the contract system to them. We have no
j fears or apprehensions that they will cover up from
j us their contracts, like this corrupt Whig party
does. But I have heard, for the first time, this
I morning, that there is any ground of imputation
| whatever against the present system of printine: as
I it is practiced in the Departments. In those De-
; partments, I know, there are little petty, paltry
; things frequently done. Very recently, a very
: paltry and contemptible thing has been done by a
1 great man in the Whig party—the Secretary of
State—unworthy of him, unworthy of his posi- '
; tion, and disgraceful to the party, so far as he can i
I affect it. It will be but a little longer that he can j
i affect it to any extent. I speak the truth of men :
I in power, and out of power, when I speak at all, '■
if I know it. I am opposed to a system which 1
embraces the entire printing of the Federal Gov- i
ernment. It is a privilege that ought to be de-
volved upon no party. It is a matter that ought :
to be conducted upon principles that steer clear of '
mere party interest and power. |
Sir, I huve seen parties here. I know some- i
thing about them. I suppose there is about as !
much integrity in one party, in the mass, as in !
the other. As to this thing of cheating, though, •
1 must do my sagacious friends of the opposite |
party the justice of saying that 1 think they un- i
derstand the game a vast deal better than the raw
militia of the Whig party. That party lias been
long m power; they understand all the tricks of
the trade; and our militia could never come near
enough to the outposts to compete with them m
the practice. But at all events I make no impu- j
tation. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris, ) j
The Chair will state that die question is on post- i
polling the further oonsideiation of the. subject i
until half-past two o'clock.
Mr. MANGUM. I know that; and I am en- !
deavormg to show that this is a \astly important !
matter—vastly important to the Democratic party, ,
and, consequently, important to the country, that j
we should have a speedy action on it, though I 1
desire to have all the information upon it that 1 j
can get. I am sorry to detain the Senate a mo- i
ment—it is against my hab:t; but this question 1
being so important, 1 trust it will be properly con- '
sidered. !
Air. SMITH. I ask the yeas, and nays on the
motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. WALKER. I shall vote for the motion, |
because I believe Jt in necessary to the passage of i'
the nver and harbor bill, and for no other reason, .
Mr. BORLAND. Such will he the consideni- '
tion which will induce me to vote lot the post-
ponement. I desue to see the river and haibor
bill sent to the House. ;
Mr. BIUGHT. I shall vote r-^amwt the motion j;
to postpone, for the m-son thai u we pass tbr. bill
over now we shall itot get n up u^ain this session. 1
The question hem^* taken i-y yeas and nays, .
resulted—yens 2S, linvs 27—;in follow.-^:
]?.
Boilau
Ch.t-c. 1
of'
troverted.
Mr. WFXLER.
Mr. MANGUM.
controverted ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has not only been con-
troverted, but successfully shown that the con-
tract system under the Departments is a mere
mockery, covering up contracts to their own parti-
sans, and paying not the slightest regard whatever
to the lowest bid that may be put in.
Mr, MANGUM. I know nothing: of that 
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is so.
YFiAf5—Mr 
Ciaike, Coopei, Davit-, Dawson, iJc San^-uie, in
I YvVcon-ui, Ijorigo of Jow.t, Pish, P<n>t, Gev>..l<
Tenne-.spo, Manjum), Miller, Morton, Peaice, i'satt
, otri, rinuth, HjirudiK yunin-'i, Cudt r\\ ood. I
Wade, and Walker—
NAVri—Mchmk. Adams, Atclu-on. Bayard. Shnd'uurv,
Flight. Brodhoad, Butler, Chailiun. Clemen-, Duiiij-
la-s, Down*, J-'ekh,Gwin, Ifam'itn linp.-Lon, llimtc'. Immt.
Mallory, McuwetJiei. Noi ri-. "Uti-k, Shield-, Nmir>, Hf(><•!<
Ion, Toueey, and Welter—->7.
So the further consideration of the bill wa* post-
poned until half-past two o'clock. ,
]RIVER AJN'D HARBOR BILL.
The bill making* appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain h.ubors and rivers way read a third
time. *
Mr. DESAUSSURE. Upon the pass^e of
the bill I desire the yeas and nays. Several'Sen-
ators were absent yesterday when it was ordered
' to a third reading. I paired off on that question,
j and therefore desire to have the yeas and nays
; upon the question of its passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
ji taken, resulted—yeas 35, nays 23—as follows:
jj YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Borland, Cass,
j! Clms-e, Clarke, Cooper, Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge 01'
jj Iowa, Douglas, Fcich, Fish, Foot, Geyei, Hale, James,
(\ Jone* ot* Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mangum, Miller,
! Morton, vl;earce, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith,
j. Spruanoe, Stockton, Sumner, Underwood, Upham, Wade,
and Walkci- 35.
I NAYS—Me&vrs. Adams, Atchison, Bradbury, Bright,
| Brodhead, Brooke, Butler, Charlton, Clemens, Dawson,
1 De 6au-sure. Downs, Gwin, Hamlin, Honston, Hunter,
; Mallory, Mason, Meriwether, Norris, Soule, Toucey, and
Welier—-*J3.
EMPLOYEES ABOUT THE CAPITOL.
O11 motion by Mr. BADGER, the Senate pro-
s' ceeded to consider, by unanimous consent, a reso-
; | lution relative to the compensation of the employees
I' in and about the Capitol: which was referred to
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contin-
I gent Expenses of the Senate.
OPINIONS OF ATTORNEYS GENERAL.
; Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution
! for consideration:
! Rfio/it/l, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
directed ti  inquire into the expediency of purchasing, for
tile u->e 01 the Senate, five hundred copier* of the Digest and
Index ot the Opinions of the Attorneys General of the Uni-
j ted States, a* punted by the llou-e of Representatives, 111
Executive document No. 55, second scs-ion Thirty-first
' Cun^ie'ps, and to a^ceitum at what price the same <*an be
j proemed.
i POST ROUTE BILL.
j On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate, as in
I Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
| the bill from the IIou.se of Representatives to estab-
1 lisli certain post routes.
The amendments reported from the Committee
on the Post OJficp and Post Roads, and various
i others proposed by Senators, establishing new
routes, were a°reed to.
Mr. BORLAND. J oiler the following amend-
. ment, to come m as an additional section, after the
! routes:
Sic-   ihui be if fiathc-, cnasteil, That it s-liall be the
duty of tim PoMmaMer General to i-s-uo proposals and con-
uaet loi the tiansportatioii of a daily mail between Louis-
. ville and Cairo, tft. Loin* and Cairo, Cairo and Memphis,
and Moiophi-. and New Oilcans, and to supply such inter-
mediate point-, a-i he may 01 del, from tune to time, on suit-
able and sale steamboats.
I have but a word to way in explanation of that,
which I trust will be satisfactory to the Senate.
Some time a^o, I introduced a bill into the Senate
to provide for this mail .service. It was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. What I now submit as an amendment to
1 hirf bill, i< the substance of the report of that com-
mittee. They did not lepovt back the bill I intro-
duced in its terms, but reported an amendment to
: it. and tins winch I propose is the substance of
then* amendment.
i\Ir. HAMLIN. 1 think that amendment ought
not to be adopted. U will becompulsory upon the
Department to establish one certain mail route. I
think you cannot find any such provision existing
anywheti4. In the laws in relation to post routes
you leave a discretion with the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and if you depart from that system and make
it compulsory upon him in one instance, you will
be obliged to do so in others. I think the rule
would be a wrong: one.
Air. PORLAND. I think the Senator will be
SiUs-iird with the explanation which I will give
him. As I stated some time ago to the Senate, in
my opinion the law already authorizes the Post-
master General to do precisely what the amend-
ing-if proposes; but the Post Office Department,
beremfore, have not exercised the authority which
the law i:."!ve them. They have declined to do it,
an.I the consequence has been such an irregularity
and confusion m the mail service upon the
Ohio and Mississippi rivers, that the business men
of that region of country consider that they are
almost comely deprived of mail facilities. Esti-
mates upon thw subject Ln\e been made by per-
Hoiis competed with the Post Office Department—
businessman who have looked into the matter,
and whose !ui "mess interesis are thrown into con-
fusion and greatly disturbed, and rendered almost
inextricable by the present system. They have
entered into estimates, and say that not more than
one tenth, and probably not more than one tweu-
