554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 13,
Committee on Indian Affairs to report a bill for
the relief of Charles A. Grignon, and I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of it now. It proposes to make
an appropriation of only three hundred dollars for
services rendered many years ago.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
firSt and second time, and considered by the.Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
The-bill provides that the .Secretary of the In-
terior be authorized and directed to "pay to said
Grignon such sum of money, not exceeding three
hundred dollars, as he may be entitled to for extra
services rendered as interpreter in the year 1848,
in the negotiation of a treaty between the United
States and the Menomonee tribe of Indians.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and was ordered to be engrossed for
& tbird reading.
NAVY-YARD AT SAN FR,ANCrSCO.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to appeal to thojSenateto
take up the bill to establish a navy-yard and depot
. on the bay of San Francisco, in California. That
bill was up some time ago, and postponed at the
request of the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Brodiiead] and the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Huntjrr,] both of whom are present. The pas-
sage of this bill is a matter of considerable im-
portance to that section of the Union, and I hope
. it will betaken up and acted upon to-day. ^ I am
sure it will not occupy more than twenty minutes.
The question was taken, and the motion to take
up the bill was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. This bill was reported
from the Committee on Naval Affairs with two
additional sections as an amendment. To this
amendment an amendment was offered by the
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger.]
The amendments will be read.
The amendment submitted by Mr. Badckr was
read as follows:
Strike out all alter the word u operate,"in the eleventh
line or'the third section, and in*ert the following word;, :
t " The Secretary of the Navj. be and he is hereby author-
ized and dnectcd to enter into a conti act with the patentees
tor the construction ot a basin and railway, in the most ap-
proved foim, connected with the said navy-yard and depot,
substantially upon the agreement made with them undei
the aet ot' September oOth, 1850, as stated in his report to
the House of Ilepreaentativos, dated January 20th, Jfiol:
Prorided, That the waid contractor shall procure m Cali-
fornia all the materials for said work that can he obtained
and prepared there at an expense not exceeding the cost of
procuring, prepaung, and transporting them from the At-
lantic scaboajAto California."
Also, by stflMng out in the eighth and ninth lines in the
amendment the woids? "President of the United States,"
und inserting 44 Secretary of the Navy."
[The object of this amendment is merely to
transfer to the Secretary of th^ Navy the per-
formance of duties proposed to be itnposecUby the
reported amendment upon the President of ihe
United States.}
Also, by inserting in section fourth «i the amendment, at
the fourth line, between tlu; word* i( present" and "pay"
the woids u sea service."
[The object of this amendment is to designate
the amount of pay to be given to the officers whom
the Secretary of the Navy may appoint to select
the site and perform theotner duties mentioned in
the first section of the bill, and to limit if in such
manner thai it shall not exceed double the amount
of their present sea service pay. j
„Uf,o, to amend by adding the following section :
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further cuacted, That for the purpose
of enabling the President of the United States to carry into
effect the pjovifcione of this act, the sura of five hundred
thousand dollars he, and the same in hr-ieby appropnated, to
be paid out of any money m tne Trea->uiynot otherwise ap-
propriated.
, Mr. BRODHEA.D. This, Mr. President, is
a very important bill. It provides for the estab-
lishment of a navy-yard, depot, marine barracks, I
Tiaval hospital, and basin, and railway in connec- !
* "lion with a dry-dock, which was ordered at the !
last session of Congress for California. I suppose,
if this bill be passed, it will involve the necessity i
of an expenditure of from-three to seven millions of i
dollars; I think, therefore, that it ou^ht to be care- !
fully examined. Thereare many provisions in this !
.bill, which do not commend themselves to my '
favorable consideration, and I would like to have i!
some httle explanation from the honorable Sena-
tor from California with regard to them. I would
like to know what necessity there is for marine
barracks in California, or-'why ,we should order,
by an act of Congress, a^atd-of officers. Has :
not the Secretary of the Navy the power now to ;
appoint such a board ? I would like to know fur-
thermore—and that is the important point of in-
quiry-^what necessity there is for a railway and
basin connected with the dry-dock in California.
A railway and basin will cost a million and a half,
and perhaps two millions of dollars, and require
from live to ten years for its construction, i re-
peat, sir, that I would like to hear fron} the Sena-
tor from California what reason can he given for
the marine barracks, and basin and railway, which
he proposes, by this amendment, to have con-
structed in California in connection with a dry-
dock. This matter was "disposed of, I think, at
the last session.
Mr. GWIN. It is not my purpose to make a
speech on this question at all. 1 his bill was unani-
mously ordered to be reported by the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and accompanying the bill is a
report, the reading of which will answei all the in-
quiries of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I ask
that the report may be read.
The PRESIDENT. The report will be read.
The committee review the policy of the Govern-
ment in establishing permanent navy-yards for
the construction and repair of vessels of war. It
appears that the first attempt under our present
form of Government to commence a naval estab-
ment, was demanded by the necessity of defend-
ing our commerce and citizens from the piratical
depredations of the Algerine corsairs. That, con-
sequently, in 1794 an act was passed authorizing
the building and equipment of six frigates, and
that the building of the ships was directed in sev-
eral ports of the Union, in order as well to dis-
tribute the advantages arising from the operation,
as to ascertain at what places they coulu be built
to the greatest advantage. That, in the commence-
ment of our naval establishment, the public vessels
of the Government were built iff private dock-
: yards; but this experiment proving ineffectual—
| none of the vessels having been completed—acom-
| mittee of the House of Representatives, in the
[ year 1797, recommended the appropriation of a
sum of money for the purpose of purchasing and
fitting up a naval yard. That another committee
of the same House, in the following year, had
taken the same view of ihe matter, and that James
McHenry, then Secretary of War, m a letter to
the House, remarked, that thegreat delay that had \\
occurred in the above-mentioned undertaking, must jj
always be more or less experienced when heavy ||
ships of war are required to be suddenly built, and j!
the Government is not previously possessed of the i i
necessary timber and materials. That it was cer- II
tainly an unfit time to look for these and prepare j
a navy-yard, when the ships were required for I
actual service. It was not to be expected, that the '
large pieces of heavy timber suitable for ships of j
Avar would be found in market, or accumulated in j
private magazines for sale when wanted on press- j
mg occasions. That, in a State paper from Ben- !
jamin Stoddard, the first Secretary of the Navy,
dated April 25, 1800, he had stated his opinion,
that the nroper course to be pursued was to make
the building-yards public property, and to com-
mence them on a scale as if they were meant to be
permanent. .
The report proceeds to give the opinions of other
gentlemen connected with the Government, declar-
ing that docks for the repairing of ships ought to
be convenient to the sea, and yet not easily acces-
sible to an enemy. That yards for the building
of ships, where large quantities of materials would
be deposited, (the destruction of which would al-
wayflSe an object with an enemy,) should be in
the vicinity of a commercial city for the conve-
nience of procuring able workmen. It then states,
that the opinions of public officers of high reputa-
tion, in the infancy of our naval establishment,
have been verified by the experience of the last
fifty years, and that they had been referred to be-
cause of their coincidence of the Senate commit-
tee as to the advantage of establishing at once a
permanent navy-yard and depot on the bay of San
Francisco, rather than to depend upon private es-
tablishments for the repairs or building of public
vessels in that bay. That, being well satisfied of
the necessity of having a naval establishment in
that distant harbor, the only question was, whether
such an establishment should be of a permanent
or temporary character;and that the authority ie-
ferred to, together with the settled policy of the
Government, were considered conclusive upon that,
point.
In regard to the vessels of the Navy cruising
upon that distant coast, none so well remembered,
or felt more sensibly, the want of a port of safety
in that region, than our naval oiiicers who had
served for many years past upon the voyages and
cruises in the Pacific, both as to the repairing of
their vessels and the recruiting of the health of
their crews; and that, with a navy-yard as pro-
posed. these*greatinconveniences to vesselsmaking
the voyage round Cape Horn and along the west-
ern coast of this continent would be in a great
measure obviated. ' But that more especially was
such an establishment needed on the western
coast in case of war with a maritime nation.
The report then states the advantages to be de-
rived, in a commercial and fiscal point of view, from
a navy-yard and depot at San Francisco, adding
security to our commercial marine, and the nu-
merous vessels engaged in the whale fisheries jn
the Pacific, and that the greatly increased revenues
in these western ports would more than counter-
balance, in a very short time, any expenditure
which might be made by the Government for this
purpose. That, in an extended maritime and na-
tional aspect, the creation of a strong naval estab-
lishment in the bay of San Francisco, is of great
importance to this country. That, when the im-
mense value of the whale fisheries and tiade to the
western coast of the two Americas, to China gad
other countries of Asia, and the islands of the
Pacific and Indian oceans, and the daily increas-
ing trade and commerce of California and Oregon,
are all considered, it must be confessed that this
Government is under the strongest obligations to
lose no time in providing the most ample means
for the future security of all these interests, which
belong almo^ entirely to the Atlantic coast and
the enterprising mariners from New England en-
gaged in the whale fisheries.
The report then details a variety of statistics,
showing the extent of commerce and navigation
in past years from the Atlantic ports to California,
and concludes by urging the necessity of the ap-
pointment of a board of officers to superintend the
construction of the dock and basin and railway.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Mr. President, the read-
ing of this report does not satisfy my mind that
we should authorize the construction of a basin
and railway, which will involve an expense of
from a million to a million and a half of dollars.
This basin and railway is proposed to be built,
not only without, but m opposition to, the recom-
mendation of the department. It is also in opposi-
tion to the decision of the last Congress. This is my
first objection. My second objection is, that it is
entirely unnecessary and useless. I shall occupy
the time of the Senate but a little while, for I only
have a few practical suggestions and remarks of a
business character to make.
Mr. President, no Secretary of the Navy has
ever recommended this basin and railway in con-
nection with the dry-dock. I find that this sub-
ject was before the Senate at the last session, and
an inquiry was addressed to the Secretary of the
Navy upon the subject, as to whether it was ne-
cessary; and he gave an answer which I will read
to the Senate:
" In reply to so much of the resolution as inquires
c whether, xn the judgment of the head of this Department.
i a dock could not be constiucted sufficient lor all the pur-
( poses of the Navy at much leas expense to the Govern-
i ment than the one contemplated by the act aforesaid,' I
have to state that, in my opinion, a sectional dock alone,
without the addition of a basin and railway, but with a
pier to secure it, would answer every demand of Die Navv
on the coa&t of California, for many years to come. Such
a dock has recently raised the steam-ship " Ohio," belong-
ing to Messrs. Law & Co., in the harbor of New York,
which ship is over three hundied feet in length.
u The cost of the dock alone would certainly bo much
less than one half, and possibly not more than one third, of
the amount proposed to be paid for the whole work u<
herein stated. The addition of the pier to secure il, and
render it capable of use, would probably not exceed
$•50,000. The>e can be completed and ready for use in two
years, at most, and may be in fifteen or twenty months;
while the addition of the basm and railway will require
from four to five years to complete them."
That is the opinion of the Secretary of the
Navy, given at the last session, when this subject
was brought to the attention of the Senate. I find,
also, in the naval appropriation bill, a decision on
this point:
"For the floating dry dock m California, $150,000; and
the Secretary of the Navy is hereby required so to modify
the contract, alleged to have been made on the 17th of
January last, as to confine the sum to the construction
of the floating dock alone, without a basm or railway;
Providcdy The contractors will agree to do the work at the
