1466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 25,
they asked the §60,000 as an indemnity, or for
winch they would have been willing to receive
$00,000. It wag for the destruction of their other
property, or else the letter has no significance at
all. Else, why should he speak as he does, in this
connection, of the destruction of their towns, and
movable property? The vouchers could not re-
late to the eight millions of acres taken from the
friendly Indians. No vouchers were necessary
for that. But this $69,000 is mentioned, as what j
the Indians would have been willing to take for
the losses described in the same paragraph, and to
which alone there is any reference—that is," their
houses burnt, their stock and provisions de-
stroyed."
The claims are spoken of as liquidated claims.
How liquidated? by whom, and by what au-
thority? This Government never gave any au-
thority to any officer of theirs to ascertain and
determine these claims, so as to bind the United
States. They passed the act of 1817 appropri-
ating $85,000 for the satisfaction of the claims;
and, as the committee say, m full indemnity. It
was so considered by Congress then, and cer-
tainly was so considered by them in 1824, as we
must suppose from the report of the committee of
that date. The Indian agent of that day was re-
quired Jo distribute the $$5,000 among the In-
dians; and, in order to enable him to ascertain
how the distribution should be made, he received
from the Indians themselves their schedule of the
claims. It does not appear that he made any in-
quiry into the amount of the pppeity destroyed,
and the claims they could properly urge upon the
Government; but he took from the Indians this
statement of losses, as they chose to assess them.
It does not appear that any testimony was taken
to verify the statomf nr; but if it had been, it was
an unauthorized acl, or authorized only for the
single purpose of enabling them to make a distn-
hution pro rata of the money appropriated as a
reasonable indemnity, in no sense, therefore,
can they be said to i e liquidated claims, because
liquidated claims must be determined and ascer-
tained by some competent authonty, and there
was no competent autlumiy here. Therefore, I
think it is altogether an error to speak of them as
liquidated claims. They were indefinite claims,
not ascertained, nor attempted to be ascertained,
wiih any precision, which were settled by the ap-
propriation of $S.),000.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I dislike to interrupt the
Senator, but I wish to correct him in one remark,
lie ways there was no author^ from the Govern-
ment to the agents to make the schedule of the
claims. There is an expiess authority given in a
letter, iu which they are told, m no many words,
to do so; and the report to the Government, and
the two letters from Mitchell and Hawkins are m
response to ihos^ ii'sti ih-tion^. and contnin the
estimates upon whi'dt reliance is placed here.
Mr. PF,A 11C Lh 1 ha\ e aeen the letter, a ml have
it before me; but it does not justify, 1 think, the
inference of the Senator. It is from the Secretary
of War to Mr. Mitchell:
" I molosj v>u a copy of tlie law making an appiopii-
ati'Hi of fcSSjOlK) to unlcuinilv individuals of tin* Cn'rk
nation for Iosmw su^-tinm-d dm inn the l.ao war, tn«jc!h >i
with a copy of th<- ''mo -potidrn-r with Colour! Siau
and in^ otiiiicU."! of d onn-jri'- s-u-Unned In them, ri>pt ct-
ivrly. Til"-'1 p;ip  r  were Unl bctote rl.c (.'ounnittiM' on
and tl!«-law \v s--pit'dicatrd on ihcni; 1-ut a-* il
g-ne.uf in its terms, n v, ill be proper to pay the claim-
ant.-,>' U.c.
Mr. SI3BASTIAN. The Senator has jrot the
wromc letter. I will road a letter whudi seems to
have escaped his attention, of August 2J, 1H15,
from the "War Department, intorming Colonel
Mitchell," that it is 'he wish of the President that
4 you shall proceed to the liquidation of the claims
4 of the friendly Indians on the principles of Gen-
< eral Pinckney's letter to Colonel Hawkins. The
'result you will transmit to the Department, to
i be laid before the PiL-sident, for his ultimate de-
t cision and approbation."
Mr. PEARCE. Tne President had no author-
ity to bmd the Government by any such order.
No agent of the Government could be authorized,
except by act of Congress, to liquidate claims so
as to bind the Government; and if the President
undertook, with that view, to make such an order,
he uanscended his authority. It belongs to Con-
gress alone to authorise the liquidation of any
claim against them, m such a form as to bind the
Government. It appears, so far as I can gather
from the papers, that these statements were re-
ceived from the Indians. It further appears that
the estimate which they made was reduced by their
chiefs from $300,000 to $195,000; but it does not
appear, so far as I can ascertain, that any proper
; sifting of the evidence was ever resorted to to ascer-
tain what amount of these claims was really doe.
I There we find that the Indians, at a subsequent
I period, seemed to have passed over this matter,
i The treaty of Indian Springs was made in 1825,
! and I have not found that anything was said at
; that time of these claims. When these friendly
j Indians were negotiating with the Government of
! the United States, there was the opportunity, the
i proper time for reviving these claims, if they had
not been fully satisfied—if theCreek%had not sup-
| posed themselves to be satisfied, so far as the Gov-
, eminent of the United States intended to satisfy
J them; but we do no* find at that time that they
set up any fresh demand for the balance of these
| alleged liquidated claims. Yet, neither in this
' treaty, so general in its scope, which provided for
; the removal of all the Creeks to the west of the
j Mississippi, (those of Tookaubr.tc'nee excepted,)
| nor in the treaty of IS'26, which annulled that of
1 the Indian Springs, and provided for their removal
| from the limits of Georgia, is any stipulation to
| be found touching these claims.
j I have very gieat suspicion and distrust, I con-
fess, of Indian claims, unless they be proved most
satisfactorily. I know that Indian claims are
often passed by theaocounthig officers here which,
' I think, ought not to be passed. I know tliat, un-
j der the law allowing bounty lands, akirge number
! of claims have been proved up lor these Indians.
| 1 know that, m a single batch of one hundred and
I eight cases, no less than forty-six have been
I proved up in the c.ise of minor heirs of Indians,
: ami each of these Indians bad only one heir—left
, but no*1 child—and m each case, I understand, a
] eiocs-maik is made—that cross-mark evidently
| that of an expert, not the crooked scrawl which
; an illiterate Indian would make. That is the
| chaiacter of Indian claims. Thev are stimulated
| and kept alive by agents, who derive vastly more
i profit from them than the Indians do, and who, T
have no doubt, will get, out of this claim, two
thirds, or half of the whole amount, if passed. I
am not disposed to vote for claims which were not
liquidated by proper authority—not vouched for
I by proper evidence, which h ive been standing so
' Ions;, and have been repudiated hy the committees
I of Congress so many yeais ago.
| Mr. UOBLANl). Mi. President, I am sorry
i to continue this discussion; but j tlnnk the Scna-
I tor from Maryland, as well aa the Senator from
j Virginia, has cleatly fallen into amisapprehension
I of the reference of Colonel Hawkins to the two
; classes of claims of the Indians upon the Govern-
I mont. I think so, from what 1 consider a very
I char and satisfactory report made upon this sub-
1 jeer ! vMr. Drown, formerly the Commissioner of
: Indian Affairs, in which lie shows, 1 think beyond
| question, thai the Committee on Chums, in 1824, to
; which the Senator from Virginia referred, cleaily
| misapprehended, or filled to discriminate between
I the two classes of claims, for want of inform-
I ation hefoiethem at the tune. The former Com-
1 missioner of Indian Affairs—Mr. Brown—states,
' m Ii^'s report, that the Committee on Claims did
I not have the information before them at the time
| they made their report, and therefore they eon-
I sioe.-ed that the reference of Colonel Hawkins was
\ to the property destroyed; whereas he made two
j estimates—two references: one to the indemnity
! winch they required for the land—the difference
between the land taken from them and that cedcd
| to them: and the other to the properly lost or de-
! stroyed during the war,
i Ax to the authority of Colone' Hawkins to enter
! into that examination of the losses of the Indians,
| for the purpose of liquidating their chums, I think
I there can be no question—acting as he did under the
! authority of the War Department. My colleague
i has read the instructions of the War Department
| to him at that time. It is true, as the Senator
j from Maryland says, that the AVar Department
| had no authority to undertake to pay these claims;
| but the Senator must recollect thai that act of the
1 Department was recognized afterwards by the
j Congress of the United States, in making the ap-
' propriation of £.85,000—they recognized' the au-
1 thority with which he had entered into that liqui-
j dation of these Indian claims, else they never
would have made the appropriation of money to
pay what he reported had been due. But Colonel
Hawkins states, in substance, that his estimate
was a conjectural one; that it did not embrace all
the claims, for the reason that some of the Indians
were not in from the fall hunt. On the death of
Colonel Hawkins, Mr. Mitchell was appointed in
his place, and succeeded him to all the duties for-
merly imposed upon him; and he was directed to
go on with the liquidation, and ascertain with pre-
cision what amount was due.
The Senator objects to the mode in which the
claims of the Indians have been liquidated by this
agent. He says it was probably done in a care-
less way. But it appears that so far from being
careless in admitting claims, it is clearly proved ,
that, although there were $300,000 of claims pie-
sented to Colonel Mitchell by the Indians, yet, to-
gether with the chiefs of the Indians, and at the
suggestion of the chiefs, he reduced the whole
amount to $195,000—bringing them down almost
one half—not admitting one claim that was ncrt
clearly and fully proved.
There was no disposition on the part of the In-
dian chiefs, on that occasion, to permit individual
Indians, either by agents or themselves, to fix on
the Government any claim not justly due. The
whole amount—*,300,000—presented by the In-
dians, was so closely examined, and so strictiv
pruned down to what was actually proved, that
the whole amount was reduced to $195,000. So
far, then, from there being any foundation for the
belief that the chums were presented, and loosely
allowed by the agent, there is the best evidence for
the belief that the Indian chiefs acted in good faith,
and that the agent was faithful and strict in the in-
vestigation; and the amount ascertained and liqui-
dated by him, ought to be assumed as the true
amount, or at any rate, the smallest amount the
Government could be supposed to owe the Indians.
I wish to refer again to the fact that the state-
ment of Colonel Hawkins, that $60,000 would
have been sufficient to satisfy the Indians origin-
ally, must have referred to the difference in the
\aiue of the land taken from, them, and that as-
signed to them, from the fact that not one word is
said in the treaty about the losses of their prop-
erty. It is true, these losses of property were part
of the consideration which induced them to make
the treaty, and they are referred to in the letter of
Colonel Hawkins, and by the Secretary of War,
in his instructions to him, as a part of the consid-
eration preliminary to the formation of the treaty.
My colleague has already said it was one of the
considerations on which they were brought for-
ward and induced to treat at all; yet there'was no
provision made in the treaty for these claims, and
, they rested upon that, which has satisfied them
more than the treaty itself—the assurances which
they had received from General Pinckney, the
authorized asrent of the Government, at that time,
to induce them to come in and make the treaty.
They recognized it as constituting a claim upon
(he good faith of the Government; because it was
the "very foundation of the treaty itself. We are
told, in another communication from Colonel Haw-
kins, not that §.00,000 would be enough, hut he
conjectured, from his general acquaintance with
the subject, that *.100,000 would be required.
Now, if the Senator takes the estimate of Colo-
nel Hawkins, that ^G0,000 would be sufficient to
cover up the claims, he will find it difficult to get
clear of his other estimate of §100,000. He can-
not have referred to the same losses, but to differ-
ent amounts. If ^00,000 would have been suffi-
cient in the first instance, there is no ground upon
which he could have said that $100,000 would be
pionably the amount required.
The troth is, the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs hns stated that Colonel Hawkins must have
referred to two distinct classes of claims—one pro-
vided for in the treaty, the other, referred to by the
letter of General Pinckney, in referrence to which
Colonel Hawkins was directed by the Secretary
of War, to make a liquidation—one, in the esti-
mation of Colonel Hawkins, being §60,000, and
the other ^100,000. But, even the ^100,000 he
states is conjectural altogether.
He died before a proper examination and esti-
mate could be made. Colonel Mitchell succeeded
him, and very thoroughly and carefully investi-
gated the whole subject, and ascertained that,
instead of §100,000, §195,000 was due. That was
not as much as the Indians claimed, but what they
