1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1407
proved—being little more than half what they
claimed. So that, if there is any obligation at all
on the Government, as was clearly recognized by
the appropriation of $85,000 in 1817, to pay any-
thing then, it must be for the whole amount proved
by the Indians when called upon by the agents
of the Government to prove their claims, and
which those agents testify was clearly proved and
substantially established before them.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It has been suggested to
me that some doubts are entertained m conse-
quence of the action taken at the treaty of Indian
Springs. I have a document which possesses
enough interest to command the attention of the
Senate, which I shall read, to show that one of
the chiefs, in 1842, sail spoke of these as liquida-
ted but unpaid claims, and spoke of the talk he
had with General Jackson, when President. I
submit it for what it is worth. It shows that the
Indians did not regard the treaty of Indian Springs
as forming any bar to the claim:
Canadiom, Creek Nation, ?
Februai y 3, J 842. )
"At a eowieil of Creek chiefs and head men of the
Creek nation, the following remarks were made to the un-
dersigned by Opothe-vo-hoio, at the place and date above :
" Opothe-yo-iiot.o. You have been sent heie by the
President to £ee the Indians, and we have some business
about which we are constantly talking. We have claims,
and have made out and sent the papers m relation to them,
and I wiJI now jusst mention the heads of (hem. When you
look over the papers you will see all about it.
"A number of years ago, (18J3.) the Creeks went to
war anion? each other, and the whites were called in, and
General Jackson came in and settled the war, and gave the
Indians a talk at the clo.-e oi it.
" Afterwards we heard that General Jackson was made
President, and a delegation of (.'reck.- \v exit to Washington
to see him. When General Jackson talked to the fnendly
Cieek?, at the close of the war, (1814,) he told them they
Jiyd Iosi everything they had, and that they must have a list
of everything thuy had lost made out, and they should be
paid !or it. And they understood that Congress had appio-
piiated money to pay them, and that was the reason they
went to Wa.-hmgton to see the President The losses were
a!l taken down, and the Indians received a little money for
them ; butthey were not paid half what was due.
" When the Creek delegation went to Washington to see
General Jackson, they saul to him :
"You were once a geneial m command of the Army,
and are now at the head ot the Government. When you
were a general of the Army, and in the Creek nation, at
the clo^e or the war, you told w at Fort Jackson that we
had a fine scope of counfty at the West, and towards the
big sea; and that we had a great many bad neighbors at
the wp.-t and s.outb; and that we should be paid loi ail our
losses and claims.
"When we told the Piesident what we just said, he told
us tiiat ho had given us a talk a long time befoie; and that
since then things were taking another turn, and th.it lie
would then give us another talk ; and if we would agree to
what he said, he would do what wc asked him to do.
" When the President talked to u-\ he s,ud :
ee 1 gave you a talk a long time a^o ; but J did not think
you were going to be so badly off a-1 you are. You are very
pooi, and cannot hve as you have lived heretofore, and you
had better *eli \ our count? v and go lo the We.-t. Cut il you
don't choose to do that, you nm-t have your land*- mu
vejed, and each man have Jus own hind; and tho.-e that
choose to sell may do so, and move to the West.
{< General Jackson told us that, if we would ajzien to thi^,
and have oui lands surveyed, and let those go West who
chose, and if we would aiJ eo to the West, that after we
should all get to the We.-t, the dooi should be wide open
for us to communicate with the Government, and wo should
have all our claims paid.
" Geneial Jackson told us that He had the money then for
us ; but that he did not wish to pay it to us m the old na-
tion, for there were a great many bad people of the whites
there, who would get all o.n* monev away from u*s; and he
did not wish togive our money to the white people.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
upon the amendment as amended, resulted—yeas
12, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Mu-srs. Atchison, Badger, Holland. Btooke,
Clia<e, Jori'-s of Iowa, iVlalloiy, Itue.lt, Sebastian, 5rmi!h,
SonI6, and Walker—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, "Gernen, Bradbury, Urodhead,
Butler, Clarke, Cooper, Davi-, Dawson. l)e Sawb-uie,
bod^e of Wisconsin, Feich, Fi-h, Foot, Gey^r. Il.il^, Hun-
ter, James, Jones ot Tenne.v-ee, Manaum, Miller, Norn-=,
Pentce, Shields vSpruance, Toucey, Underwood, Upham,
Wade, and Weiler—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WALKER. I move to amend the bill, by
adding at the end of the last item of appropriation
for the Indians, the following:
Provided, That no money, nppropnated by this aet for the
benefit of any Indian or Indians, shall be paid to anv agent
or attorney, but such money shah be paid dneetly to the
Indian or Indiana lespectiveiy entitled to the same.
Mr. BADGER. I merely wish to inquire
whether there is'any appropriation in the bill tor
Indians ?
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not think the amend-
ment, as it stands, should be adopted. There is
an appropriation in the bill to pay the St. Regis
Indians, which was reported by the Committee on
Finance. I do not know whether that money
belongs to them individually or not. I cannot say
as to that matter at this time; but I know it has
been the custom of these Northern Indians to re-
ceive their money through their chiefs. These
are a civilized people. They are an agricultural
people. They are as capable of transacting their
own business as are the people of Wisconsin or
Missouri. I believe that is the only appropriation
in the bill for Indians, and hence 1 can see no ne-
cessity for the amendment. But, Mr. President,
I have an amendment to offer. I believe, however,
that I cannot do it now with propriety. It is to
carry out the treaty ratified yesterday by the Sen-
ate. Therefore, if there is no further amendment
now to be offered, 1 would move that the Senate j
adjourn. But, in order to have an opportunity to ;
offer the amendment to-morrow, I move that the
further consideration of this bill be postponed till
to-morrow. Jf that is done, I shall ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. HXJNTER. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Missouri that it would be better to
allow the bill to be reported to the Senate. Pie
can ofter his amendment in the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then 1 withdraw my mo-
tion.
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment to
offer.
The PRESIDENT. No amendment can be
received until the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin is disposed of.
Mr. WALKKR. In my opinion, the amend-
ment which 1 have offered cannot affect the case
stated by the Senator from Missouri, for the
amendment simply declares, in the first instance,
that no money shall be paid to an agent or attor-
ney, but shall be paid to the Indian or Indians
respectively entitled to it. If these Indians be en-
titled to the money, as a tribe, it will 1-e paid to
them as a tribe; if they are entitled to it per capita,
it will be paid to them per capita. It is disjunctive
—"Indian or Indians—and I am very confident
that it, cannot affect the case suggested. It simply
excludes the intervention, between the Indians and
the Government, of agents who generally get the
larger amount.
Mr. COOPER. I think, Mr. President, that
the adoption of this amendment may lead to mis-
chievous consequences. Last year in the appro-
priation bill a similar provision was inserted, and
in consequence of it the United States have been,
or I presume will he, obliged to pay a claim of
^,48,000. The claim of Kendall & Co. has been
before the Senate. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Allans, and has been reported
upon. It arises under a provision introduced by
way of an amendment to the appropriation bill of
last year. I state this m order that the Senate
may know what they are about to do. The
Kendalls were the attorneys and assignees of a
portion of a claim, in consideralion for their ser-
vices rendered to the Western Cherokee?, or Old
Settlers. A provision was inserted last year that
the department should not pay to the agents the
proportion of the claim—five per cent.—to winch
theyweie entitled, but that they should look to
the Indians for it. The whole amount was paid
to the Indians, and they refused to pay anything
to the attorneys and assignees. As a consequence
of this, the United States are now obliged to pay
to Kendall & Co. what was due to them, anH
upon the best and most thoroughly-understood
principles of law. The United States intervened
and prevented them from acquiring what was due
to thein,and hence became m equity liable for
the amount. Now, I am afraid that this will
have precisely the same effect. I tlnnk, at any
rate, the honorable Senator had belter withdraw
. it for the piesent. I have no objection at ail to
the introduction of a provision of this kind, if it
be properly guarded, and which shall have ope.*a-
; tion in future upon such services. Rut if men, on
. the faith of assignments of a fund to be paid by the
Government, have been laboring in order that
| justice may be done to these people, I say that to
; introduce an amendment into this bill, to prevent
: them from realizing what they have bargained
i for, may involve t^e United States or work injus-
! tice to these persons. I hope, therefore, that the
I amendment will not be adopted until, at any rate,
! we have some understanding of it. I believe
there is a provision in the bill, somewhat different
in form, but, in substance, intended to have the
effect which I presume is designed here.
Mr. BROOKE. I was going to suggest that
the last section of the bill contains the substance
of the amendment offered by the' Senator from
Wisconsin, and is almost identical with it in
words.
_ Mr. WALKER. Will the Senator from Mis-
sissippi be kind enough to read it.
Mr. BROOKE. The bill provides:
<c That no part of the appropriations herein made for the
benefit of any tribe, or part of a tribe of Indians, shall be
paid to any attorney or agent of such tribe or part of a tribe;
but shall, m every ease, be paid directly to the Indians
themselves, to whom it shall be due. or to the tribe or part of
a tribe, per cayitu^ unless- the imperious interest of the In-
dians shall lequue the payment to be made collectively.
Nor shall the Executive branch of the Government recog-
nize any contract hereafter made between any tribe or
pan of a tube, and an) attorney or agent, for the piosecu-
tion of any okum ^jjn^t the Government, or under tills
act."
Mr. WALKER. That b^ing the case, I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to submit an
amendment, to come in after the appropriations in
the bill for the surveys of the public land, appro-
priating $15,000 for the survey of the northern
boundary of Iowa.
The PRESIDENT. On what authority does
the Senator offer it ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. On the authority of an
estimate of the Secretary of the Interior, made in
pursuance of an estimate sent by the surveyor
general to the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, and from the Commissioner of the General'
Land Office to the Secretary of the Interior. I
have a long letter in my hand on the subject, rec-
ommending that the appropriation should be
made. The commissioner is now upon the ground,
surveying the northern boundary of Iowa; and,
unless this appropriation is made now in this- de-
ficiency bill, the surveyors wiil have to come
from the field, and wait until an appropriation is
made in the general appropriation bill. An esti-
mate in this case was made out, and sent to the
Committee on Ways and Means of the House of
Representatives; but it did not reach that com-
mittee until it was too late to be acted upon by the
House, and then it was transmitted to this body
through my agency. I found that it was not in-
cluded in the bill, and I went to the Department
in relation to the matter. This letter to the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, I believe ex-
plains it:
Department of the Interior. ?
Washington, Jlpril "2"}, IK/2. $
Understanding from the Hon. Geotge W. Jones, of
the Senate, that the Committee on Finance had received
no estimate from the Pepaitment for an appropriation to
continue the swvey of the northern boundary of JFmva. I
bee leave to submit herewith a copy of a communication
addressed to the chaiiman of the Committee on Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives on the 29th of Feb-
ruary Ia<t« and to request that a further appropriation of
f 15,boo rnav be made, to meet the deficiency in the appro-
priation of 30th of September, 1850.
When this estimate was submitted to the House, it was
not deemed neces-aiy to send if to the Senate, a« tlie bill
had not then leached then*: and it was su >po«ed that the
Committee on Wav< : nd Means would, as a matter of
couise, foiward to the Committee on Finapc* unv special
e-,tunatp^ oi explanations tent to them during the pendency
of the bill m the Hou-e.
1 am, sir, with much lespert vour obedient servant,
WILLIAM A. GRAHAM,
adding Sect ctary>
Hon, R. M. T. Hunter,
! Chairman of the Committee on Finance,
I Seriate of the United Stat a.
I Mr. HUNTER. No such estimate came to the
1 Coinmhtee on Finance; but one of the members of
; the Committee on Ways and Means told me that
! it was ascertained that such an estimate had been
I sent to that committee, but that it had been lost,
i The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
j impression that the letter which has been read
i shows that an estimate has been furnished, which
i brings this within the rule as an amendment pro-
i per to be offered.
j Mr. HUNTER. I have no doubt that there
i wa« an estimate.
! Mr. .TONES, of Iowa. My amendment is to
j insert the following:
i For doffnuiumtr. running, and marking the northern
boundary of the State of Iowa, on the parallel of-13 decrees
30 minuter noith latitude, m addition to the appropriation
, hcietotore made foi the same object, $15,000.
j The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. BORLAND. 1 have an amendment which
