1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2333
lishmenus have been treated badly. 1 will not say
shabbily, because I do not wish to introduce such
an expression into the proceedings of this body.
I will use a still stronger expression; I will say
that these gentlemen have been treated with the
most cruel injustice; and I will do Messrs. Donel-
son & Armstrong the justice to say that they have
been persecuted for no other reason than that they
have conducted a Union organ in this city. iNTo
other reason can be assigned.
I do not wish to make any reference to the pro-
ceedings of the House of Representatives. 1 do
not wish to violate the rules of order in our pro-
ceedings; but I am desirous of explaining fully
what I understand to be the state of facts, lsay,
therefore, that Donelson & Armstrong, not being
able to get any of the printing of the House of
Representatives, for certain reasons which 1 need
not explain, the majority here have refused to give
any of the printing of the Senate to Messrs. Gideon
& Co. I do not complain of that. I do not bring
any accusation of inconsistency against the ma-
jority here. I suppose it is ail right. But how
has this occuried? We have refused to give them
the printing of a single document. We have here
a report recommending the printing of an extra
number of the Patent Offine reports, and it has
never been acted on up to this day, because the
majority was unwilling to give Gideon & Co. any
printing until Donelson & Armstrong obtained
some from the House of Representatives Well,
I would ask if this is not an instance of great in-
justice having been done to these gentleman ? I do
not hesitate to say that it is.
Now, 1 think 1 have elfectually exploded indict-
ment number two. If the honorable Senator from
Indiana wishes to prosecute this indictment any
further, by way of expediting this bill,! am willing
to enter into the contest with him just as long as
he pleases.
But, Mr. President, I now come down to indict-
ment number three. Iam sorry the prosecutor is not
present. I donotseehim anywhere m this Cham-
ber. Indictment number three is, that I have been
addressing the Senate by way of delaying action
upon this bill. All I have to say is, that 1 rose to
address the Senate on the ments of the bill. I
made two short speeches, and 1 do not believe that
in either instance I occupied more than five min-
utes. Here is my fiiend from California on my
right; and I should like to hear either him, or any
other consistent Democrat, tell me whether my
remarks were not to the point—whether 1 did not
speak to the merits of the bill' Everything, Mr. !
President, was goingonsmoothly; and I daresay I
that but for this attack upon me, the bill would ;
have passed by this time. But the honorable ;
Senator from Indiana was not satisfied with pass- |
ing the bill: he must, in addition to that, demolish
the Senator from Connecticut. All 1 have to pay ,
on that point is, that when the enormous powers '
of Indiana, and the more enormous powers of,
Illinois, undertake to demolish old Connecticut,
whether she is speaking through my honorable j
colleague or through myself, we are on hand. We i
are " Gieeu Mountain Boys," Mr. President, and j
you [Mr. Foot, of Vermont, in the chair] well j
know what that means. I do not feel quire de- j
molished yet, notwithstanding the accusations of j
inconsistency, and the still more serious charge of
interposing to prevent the consideration of the (
bill and wasting the time of the Senate. That is ;
the charge. And how came it about? I replied ;
to the accusation of inconsistency, and I have ;
shown that it was unfounded. How, then, am I j
wasting the time of the Senate ? You. would have !
passed the bill before this time, if you had fol-
lowed the ordinary course; but if you undertake :
to try me, instead of trying the bill, I mean to be j
heard in my defense. I believe that I am as con-
sistent as either the Senator from Indiana or any .
one else. i
Now, I believe that I have very briefly gone j
over the three accusations—the two charges of in- :
consistency, and the charge of factious conduct
here in attempting to defeat the bill by occupying
the time of the Senate at this late stage of the ses-
sion. I did witness something of that sort at the
close of the last session, in respect to the river and
harbor bill. I thought it was very unreasonable—I
will not say outrageous—because I have no right
to characterize the conduct of any member of this
body. But I did think that it was an unreason-
able course to pursue. It is a course which I do
not mean to pursue with reference to this bill; but
it you are not content with trying the bill on its
merits, but choose also to arraign me here on
charges of inconsistency, then I am on hand for a
hearing. How much you will gain by it, either
for the good of the country or yourselves, I am
perfectly willing to leave the future to demonstrate.
I assail no man. I impeach the motives of no
man. I have not done it in the past; I shall not
do it in the future, i mean to discuss questions
here upon their merits; but I wish Senators to un-
derstand that when I am attacked here, either by
large giants or little giants, I shall be heard in my
detense; and then gentlemen may proceed with
their bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. I feel that I am somewhat to
blame for the speech which has been inflicted, upon
! the Senate by the honorable Senator from Con-
j necticut. I had no idea of drawing out a regular
: speech, and delaying business at this late hour. I
i certainly meant notfiing unkind toward the hou-
j orable Senator, by calling his attention to his for-
I mer course, and contrasting it with his present
, jiosition. Theie was some propriety in my doing
i so, for the Senator has boasted of the Herculean
j power winch he wields in this body, and was
i throwing all his strength against this bill. Under
. these circumstances 1 felt it to be my duty to
show that twelve months ago the Senator would
1 have been the advocate of this bill on the princi-
] pie laid down to-day, instead of being against it.
[ The honorable Senator says 1 have arraigned and
! put lum on trial here. Not at all. 1 have not
! arraigned thehonoiable Senator. 1 preferred no
charges against him. I stated on a former occa-
! sion that he had taken an opposite view of this
j question of disposing of the public printing, to
; that which he has taken to-day; and 1 did not
- leave that statement unsuppoi ted. It was no mere
! naked assertion of mine; i read from the record—
j from a foimer speech of the honorable Senator—
1 and 1 proved eonclusnely that he had hetetofoie
been in favor of the principle laid down in the
i bill, instead of against it. I further showed, from
I las own speech, that he stood pledged to bring in
| a bill asking for a repeal of the contract system,
; which he has not done. If i had made any charge
; agamst the Senator, unsupported by farts, then
i the honoiable Senator might, with some semblance
of truth, have .said that 1* had arraigned him, and
put him upon his trial. 1 fuithei slated, that the
honorable Senator, as a member of the Commit-
tee on Printing, had given to the present printer
of this body, under a contract, about the same, if
not higher piices than is proposed to be given by
the bill under consideration. In that I am sup-
ported by the testimony of the honorable Senator
t'lom Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,j who was at one
tune a member of the Committee on Printing; and
if the chairman of that committee was present, I
would appeal to him, and he would corroborate
the statement, that the bill tinder consideration
does not piopo„-'e io pay h.gher puce,* thmt those
paid under the contract of the homuubl.j Senator
from Connecticut. But I wdl not further waste the
tune of the Senate. 1 have said enough to sus-
tain my declaration, and I have no doubt ihe bill
will be passed, and i do hope without furtiier de-
bate.
Mr. MILLER. 1 wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the twelfth section of ihe bill. It
provides that a committee, to be called a Commit-
tee on Printing, shall consist of three membcis of i
this body, and of three members' of the House of
Representatives, and rhat t he Senators who are ap-
, pointed on that committee, "hall be appointed >.<y
the Presiding Officer of the Senate. This provis-
ion is in conflict with a lon^-esLahlished rule of
this body, that its committees shall always be ap-
; pointed by the Senate, unless the Senate itself
i consent to the appointment* by the Presiding Of-
■ ficer. If this bill should piss into a law, one of
! the most important committees will not be under
i the control of this body, but will be absolutely
appointed by the Presiding OiKcer. For instance,
. we all know that when the Vjcc President of the
i United States presides over the Senate, he is not
: under its control, and yet to htm the appointment
; of this committee would be confided, thereby re-
I moving it, completely, from the control of the
| Senate.
j It appears to me to have been an oversight on ,
j the part of the committee which drafted the bill,
j I shall, therefore, move to amend the section, by i
The
j1 striking out the words " the President of."
!: section will then read:
jj Jlnl be it further enacted, That a committee of three
|t members of the Senate and thiec members of the House of
i Representatives shall be appointed by the Senate and
! ■ Speaker of the flou^e, to be called the Joint Committee on
I the Public Printing, &c. ,
\ The question was taken on the amendment, and,
|; on a division, it was rejected.
1 Mr. MILLER. I will again call the attention
i of the Senate to the latter part of the samesection.
!' It provides that <( all motions topiint extra copies
:i 'of any bill, report, or other public document,
!' ' shall be referred to the members of the Commit-
j ' tee on Printing, from the House in which the
: 4 same may be made."
|j If this should become law, then the Senate will
, have no control whatever over these documents.
I, Every motion for printing extra copies of any bill
j or repoit must, of necessity, go to the Committee
| on Printing. Heretofore, the Senate have always
had the controf of that matter. As a general rule,
it is, perhaps, correct that all such motions should
go to the committee, but it may happen, and fre-
quently does happen, that we desire to act on the
documents brought before us, immediately, and
require that they should be printed immediately.
I wish, therefore, that the Senate would observe
that the operation of this section of the bill is to
take away from the Senate that power which it
has always retained, of ordering the printing of
extra copies of bills or reports, and to hand it
over to a committee which is not under the con-
trol of the Senate. As this change appears to me
to be inexpedient, I move to strike out that part
of the section which I have read.
Mr. DAYARD. I barely want to state that in
introducing the amendment which 1 offered, and
which the Senate adopted, I was willing, inasmuch
as there was no time to debate the provisions of
the bill, and as I objected toitsgeneral provisions,
if it weie to be a permanent system, to agree to
it as a temporary measure. My object was to
stop debate; but it seems that there is an inclina-
tion, which seems to be pretty general, to defeat
the bill by offering amendments. Under these
circumstances, and judging of this from the course
which lias been taken. I shall avail myself of the
privilege of voting against my own amendment,
when it comes up m the Senate, trusting that the
bill may be suitably altered next session.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was rejected.
Mr. PRATT. The Senate will notice in the
eighth section of the bill a provision, that " the
following rates of compensation shall be paid from
time to time, for such printing as may be ordeied
by Congress;" and then, in the eleventh section,
the bill provides "that the samp prices shall be
paid for printing for the Executive Departments
that are paid for printing for Congress." Now,
the honorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin]
said that, although the prices stipulated in the bill
for the Congj t ssional printing might be right, yet
it would be manifestly wrong to give the same
prices for the printing of the Departments; that
they could afford to execute the Department print-
ing for less than half the amount which is here
allowed for the Congressional printing. If that
be so, the matter certainly ousrht to be corrected.
I move, therefore, in the eleventh section to strike
out the following words:
a Shall bo paid tbi printing for the Executive Departments
that uio p<-itd to. printing for
The effect of this amendment is simply to with-
draw the prices which are allowed by this bill for
Congressional printing, from being applied to the
prmhmr of the Departments. The section can
afterwards be amended in such manner as to make
it read rijrht.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the Department printing
has been referred to again, I will make a remark
in explanation of a remark which I made to the
Senator from North Carolina, (Mr. Mangum.] I
made my statement in regard to the Department
printing not being in accordance with the contract
on such statements, as I have heard, and on gen-
eral rumor. 1 may have been mistaken; but I do
not know it. I do not wish to be understood as
affirming it to be correct. I stated what I believed
to be true, although it has since been contradicted.
I leave the statement to go under the general ru-
mor, without any indorsement from me.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
