1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
551
disposition of their property; and on these grounds,
which are very imperfectly proved, and by entirely
exparte testimony, they now come forward to claim,
at the hands of the Government, contingent dam-
ages arising out of the acts of Commodore Porter.
They say that he destroyed their wood, and they
had to abandon certain hogs on the island; that he
interfered, by his despotic orders, with their com-
mercial enterprises; that he prevented settlers
from coming on the island; that the establishment
of martial law by him on the island was an inter-
ference with their rights of property, as he refused
that any person should build without his authority
or permission; that it not only broke up their
commei-cial arrangements, but that it tended to
prevent the settlement of the island, retarded its
commercial interests, and deteriorated its value.
This is the general ground of complaint which is
made.
Now, in point of fact, it appears that for this
island they gave $2,000; and they received from
the Government $4,000 for the site of a custom-
house, $3,200 for ground for the barracks, and
$6,800 for other land purchased from them by the
Government, making $14,000 paid for propeity on
the island for the use of the Government. They I
were also paid in 1847 by the Wavy Department, i
for the wood which they alleged was used by the 1
Navy, $3,695. Thus they received altogether |
from the Government $17,695 and some cerils,
for an island which cost them but $2,000. The
real damage, in my judgment, was fully paid for
when the wood was paid for. That is the infer-
ence which I derive from the proof in the case.
The learned Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mal-
i.ory,] who is a member of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, and by whom this bill was reported,
well understands that damages at law, even be-
tween individuals, may be too remote to be recov-
ered. A great portion of the damages claimed in
tins case are objectionable on that ground. The
allegation that these parties intended and had made
preparation to establish salt-works there, which
were interfered with by the officers of the Govern-
ment, is not proved in itself; and if it were proved
it comes under that class of damages too remote,
even in the case of individuals arising out of the
trespass, to justify the recovery of damages. But
there is another ground which, in my judgment,
cuts off this claim altogether. The Secretary of
the Navy, in February, 1823, instructed Commo-
dore Porter t  take possession of the island. An
extiact from the instructions of the Secretary of
the Navy is to be found at page 20 of the report
made to the House of Representatives in 1848, and
it is attached to the report of the Senate commit-
tee. This extract contains all of Commodore Por-
ter's instructions in relation to his duty in regard
to this island:
"You wilt establish at Thompson's Island, usually called
Key West, a dep.*H, ami land the ordnanee and marine'! to
protect the stores and provisions. If, however, you shall
tind any important objection to this place, and a inoie suit-
able and convenient one can be found, you arc at liboity to
select it as a depot."
These were the orders of the Government to
the officer. If under these orders for establishing
a depot, the officer, without warrant of kuv, chose
to declare martial law—if he infringed on the rights
of the citizens by any arbitrary conduct, the courts
were open for relief, and the Government can incur
no responsibility for the malversation of its officer
or for his acts, beyond his orders and authority.
I do not state this merely from my own opinion,
but on the authority of a very able and distin-
guished man, formerly Attorney General of the
ITnited States, Mr. Legare, in ja.ii opinion given ji
by him on the case of Sibbald, somewhat similar ji
to this, and which was referred to in the petition \\
of the memorialists. A bill was passed referring1, |>
without any rule being laid down, to the account- j'
ing officers to settle the accounts of Sibbald for
damages, which was a case not dissimilar, but in !
the particular facts of course not the same as this, i.
Fortunately for the country, Mr. Legare was At- |j
.Jprney General. He gave his opinion on the case, j>
which will be found in the "Opinions of the At- |i
torneys General of the United States," page 1543. !;
He there lays down the rules which should guide ;
the accounting officers in that case in ascertaining
the damages. Among them he lays down this
proposition, which I take to be unquestioned in :
law, and which cannot be contradicted here or !;
elsewhere: !j
"The damages must not only hav« been directly caused, j|
not merely occasioned, by the interference of any agent of
the United States, but he must have acted under their
authority. Whatever the agents did beyond their instruc-
tions, clearly they did in their own wiong, and the Govern-
ment is not responsible."
I say, then, that, on the proofs in this case,
there is not a single fact shown of any act done to
i the individual who makes the claim here, by Com-
J modore Porter, which is within his instructions,
i for which the parties have not been paid. The
I depot has been paid for: the site for the barracks
and the custom-house has been paid for. The
wood alleged to have been taken has been paid for.
And there is 110 other act within his instructions
complained of, which is, as far as I have read
these papers, attempted to be proved. It is al-
leged, that by his arbitrary conduct on the island—
containing altogether about seven hundred acres—
its value was greatly diminished. Jt is said that
he ordered the proprietors to pen up their hogs;
and that in consequence of their inability to do so
they were obliged to abandon them. If he gave
that order he did it without right. The right could
not be derived from the instructions of the Secre-
tary of the Navy. If it was done, it was a viola-
tion of the rights of property; and they were not
boui^hy it. If the hogs had not been penned up
and^^r were used by the Government, the Gov-
ernment would then be responsible. But there is
no proof of that. There is no proof as to by whom
the hogs were taken. They simply declare that
they were abandoned in consequence of an order
of Commodore Porter. If he made such an order,
it was clearly illegal, and could not have been de-
rived from his power to establish a depot. That
power of his did not give him jurisdiction over
the whole island.
Another ground of complaint is, that by the oc-
cupation of the island its settlement was retarded.
Now, in my opinion, great advantages accrue to
these parties from the occupation of the island by
the Government. But those advantages seem to
be altogether lost sight of. At the time the island
was taken possession of by the Government, the
report of Commodore Perry shows that it was a
desolate island, the resort of smugglers and pi-
rates, and unsafe as a residence. It will be found
on page 16 of the report of 1848 of the commit-
tee of the House of Representatives, that Com-
mander Perry, in a communication dated March
28, 1822, uses this language: j
" Heietofore the Flonda Keys have been the resort of |
smuggles, New Piovidcuce wrecker*, and in tact of a set 1
of de-poradoes who have paid but little logaid either to law j
or honostv. The present e^abh^unent, though on a small 1
scale, will, I conjectme, (with the assistance of the set- !
tiers-,) be enabled to keep these lawless j#ople from tins
island. But I would suggest the necessity of an <\'uly aug-
mentation ot foice, if it be only j'oi the purpose of enforcing
the revenue laws. A gun-boat would be a lorce sufficient
to answer all the purposes required."
There are many other matters contained in the
facts stated in this case which are open to com-
ment; but it is not worth my while to detain the
Senate by commenting upon them. The fact is
certainly not proved in the cases that some of the
parties who claimed damages had an interest in
the property at the time. They claim that they
had an interest; but their interest is not shown.
There is also a disconnection in the proof as to
many of the facts, which, if it were worth while, 1
I would now criflhnent upon. But I shall not j
trouble myself with those matters now. j
I wish, however, to refer to a fact which appears ,
to have escaped the notice of the Committee 011 Na- 1
val Affairs of this body, at this session. Tins claim ;
was originally presented in the name of John White- i
head, who is now one of the claimants. But this ]
is now here as the claim of John W. Simonton. j
It was before Congress as early as the first session <
of the Twenty-third Congress. The committee <
were then discharged from the consideration of the i
claim; and it was referred to the Secretary of the ,
Navy. At the second session of the 'Twenty- ;
third Congress, the Secretary of the Navy made '
a report upon it; and that report I ask to have J
read. It shows that this matter has been fully in-1
vestigated, and that, too, at a time when there were j
better means of investigation—while Commodore i
Porter was living. |
The Secretary read the report, as follows: ;
Navy Department, December 15, 1834.
The Secretary of the Navy, m compliance with the dn*ec- ,
tions contained in the resolution of the Senate of the I'm
ted States, ot the 16th June last, referring the memoual and
documents of John Whitehead, and others, owners of Key
West, for examination into the facts therein stated, to col- .
!ect the necessary evidence, and report the same, together
with copies of such letters and papers in this Department
as relate thereto, to the Senate at its next session, has the
honor to make the following report:
The parties interested m this case state, that, in con-
sequence of a communication made by them on the 17th
December, 1831, representing the peculiar importance of
Key West, as a naval station to protect our commerce from
pirates, and suppress the slave trade, Lieutenant Ferry was
ordered, 011 the 7th February, 1822, to examine said island
and its harbors, &c., and, if deemed necessary by him, to
take possession in the name of the United States; and that
on the 38th March following, he made a report of his pro-
ceedings.
That instructions were subsequently issued to Captain
Patterson, on the 15th November, 1822, who reported the
result of his examinations on the 31th March and 10th July,
1823.
That Commodore Porter, on th^Jst of Febiuary, 1823,
received his general injunctions, as commandant of the
West India station, and was directed to e*tabii«h a depOt
at Thompson's IMaml, usually called Key West, and land
ordnance ami marmes to protect the stores and provisions.
That the said commander assumed entue control and
jurisdiction of said island; forcibly appropriating wood al-
ready cut, and causing more to be cut down and used, seiz-
ing and using, for his officers and men, hogs and sheep
running at large, the property of the memorialists 5 prohibit-
ing the owners and their agents from building or improving
without lus permission; and enforced military law upon
thesaid island ; of which grievance*, they state, that they in-
foimcd the Navy Department by a communication dated
the 1st of February, 1825.
In Mipport of thece allegations, the memorialists offer the
deposition of Griffith W. Roberts; the copy of a letter from
Commodore Porter to Lieutenant James M. Mcintosh,
sworn to by John Whitehead; a letter of Master Com-
mandant M. P. Mix to said Whitehead; certified copies of
two letters from 1\ (J. Greene & Co. to Commodore Porter,
and the original of CommodorcPortcr's reply } a ceitificate
of Lieutenant James M. Mcintosh, with copy of Commo-
dore Porter's letter to him above referred to, and an im-
perfect copy of the communication of 1st February, 1825,
which are all hereto annexed, lettered from A to G in-
clusive.
The records and files of the Navy Department have been
carefully examined, but afford no infoimation nor evidence
of the seizures and damage* which the memorialists com-
plain that they sustained, nor can any communication be
found to have been received from them 011 the subject,
dated the 1st of Februaiy, 1825.
The communication of the 7th of December, 1821; the
leport of the Seciemty of the Navy, ot the 29th of Decem-
ber, 3822, to the President; and the instructions to Lieu-
tenant Perry, Commodore Patterson, and Commodore Por-
ter, and the reports by these officers, to which the memo-
rialists allude, are appended hereto, and numbered from 1
to 8, inclusive. AH winch is respectfully submitted,
MAHLON DICKERSON.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senate wiJI observe that
the case was fully examined by the Secretary of
the Navy at that time, and that the communica-
tion containing complaints against Commodore
Porter's conduct, which it is alleged that these par-
ties made in February, 1825, was never made.
The Secretary states, that after an examination of
the records, he could find no evidence of the seiz-
ures and damages of which the memorialists com-
plain. He could not find the communication con-
taining complaints against Commodore Porter,
said to have been made in 1825; but a mutilated
copy of the alleged communication was offered as
evidence. This report was made to Congress after
a full examination of all the facts and circumstances
connected with the claim.
At the first session of the Twenty-fourth Con-
gress nothing was done in regard to this claim.
Nothing was done ,at the second session of that
Congress. At the second session of the Twenty-
fifth Congress the committee were discharged from
the consideration of the subject. At the first ses-
sion of the Twenty-sixth Congress the committee
made an adverse report upon the claim of the pe-
titioner, after investigating all the facts. After the
report was made, leave was granted to withdraw
the papers of the party; and they now bring for-
ward the same claim, and, as far as I can judge,
precisely on the same papers, without any addi-
tional testimony whatever: at any rate, no addi-
tional testimony seems to have been taken since
that time. That report was made to the Senate on
the 33d of January, 1840. It is report No 10!) of
the first session of the 26th Congress.
Mr. Tapfav submitted the following report:
" The Committee on Naval Affairs, to which was referred
the memorial of John Whitehead, for himself and others,
with the accompanying documents, repor!.
"W. That the memorialist avei^ tlut m December,
1821, he and his associates became the proprietors of the
Hand of Key West, by purchase of a Spanish grant of the
6th of August, 1S1.">; that m December, 1821, they took
possession of the ioland, and held it to the time of filing
the memonal.
"2d. That the memorialist represented to the Govern-
ment of the United Stares the advantages of Key West as
a naval station, and united its use fur that put pose ; that
m consequence officii invitation, the island was m March
or July, 1823, taken possession of by Lieutenant Perry,
acting under orders from the Secretary of the Navy; that
