1472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May *25,
Oi\ motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration ofthe putiuon of the
citizens ofthe city hikI county of J'biladolphm, of James
EHior, of Indiana, of citizens! of Vermont, ot the New Y oik
city Industrial Congies^, and ot citizens of North Caiolma,
in favor of a grant of iand to actual scalers, and that the
same be laid on the table.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported the following resolution, viz :
Resolved, That the u^ual mmibei of the report of the
Commissioners ofthe General Land Office be printed for
the u«e of the said office, and that a like number ot the re-
port of the Surveyor General of Oregon be also printed for
the use ofthe General Land Office,
Mr. H. said : That resolution is reported at
the indication of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office to the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands. The Commissioner states that
it is important that we should pass the resolution
ordering these reports. The usual number, I be-
lieve, is one thousand copies for the Commission-
er, and one thousand for the use of the General
Land Office,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The rules requh-e
that extra numbers of any document shall go to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HALL. The resolution does not call for
an extra number, but for the usual number.
Mr. JONES. It is for an extra number. The
usual number is one copy for each member of the
House and Senate, and for the use of the two
Hous' S. All beyond that are extra numbers, and
a motion to print them must go the Committee on
Printing.
The SPEAKER. That being the st<ue of the
ease, the jevolution will be refened, under the
rule, to the Committee on Printing.
TAXONLAM)S TjV MISHOUli.1 • ~
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bdl, No. 20(5, giving the assent
of Congress to tin: State of Missouri to impose a
tax or 1 axes upon all hinds heieafter sold by the
United Slates from and after the date of such sale;
which w.<s read a first and second time by its title.
Mr. HALL. I ask that the lull be read
through.
it was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion to the provisions of that bill. I think they
are lirht. But, if \ mistake not, there is a bill on
the Speaker'* table, from the Semite, for the
same purpose, and not differing materially from
this, I would sui''uest to thcu'eutleman from Mis-
souri the propriety of asking the consent of the
House to tcike up the Senate bill, and pass that in-
stead of the one now introduced fiom the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALL. 11 I believe, precisely the same.
And I would prifes to piss the Suuitobdl, if I can
j;cl the (.m-Cri? ofthe Rouse to take it up.
JUr. JO.\KS. It will l e economizing time if
the I loose will allow it to be taken up.
Mr. C\RTTER. 1 wish to impure if econ-
omy is justice 1 want to know whether {his bill
proposes to allow the lands already sold by the
United States to be taxed? If it does, i am
opposed to it.
Mr. HALL. I will tell the «enllem\n what I
understand to he the effect of the bill. The lan-
guage is, that (l the consent of Congress is heieby
given to t ix lands luriujltr sold."' J theietore
Auppore timt it dots not ailect th-we already sold.
I will st ite further, that this bill only places Mis-
souri upon pieci-a-Iv the sanifJ looting With ah the
other new States of fhe Urnou. Every new State
oxc°pf Missouri has the right to tax lands sold
by the United States from and after (he day of
sale, and this bill only provide-* that she shall oc-
cupy the same position as the other new Suites.
The SPEAKER. The bill of the Senate can
be taken up only by unanimous consent.
Mr. DUNCAN. ( object.
Air. HALL. I will then ask that this bdl may
be put upou its engrossment.
The bill was then read through, and ordered to
be encr'^ed for a third muling, and having been
engro.-.scd. was read the third time and passed.
PRE-EMPTION ON UN^URVF.y KD LANDS.
Mr. HALL, fr-.m the Committee on Public
Lands, reported ba"k with an amendment in fhe
nature of a «-ubsfupte, Senate bill No. 331, enti-
tled •' An act to Grant to < cjftun settlers on the
Menomonee purchase north of Fox river, in the
State of Wisconsin, the right of preemption.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to have the bill and the proposed substitute read ?
Mr. HALL. 1 desire to have it read through,
as the passage of the bill is a matter of importance
to the State of Wisconsin.
The bid and substitute were accordingly read
by the Cleik.
Mr. HALL. The Senate bill provides that a
certain class of settlers upon, the public lands in
the State of Wisconsin, on that particular tract of
land known as the Menomonee purchase, before
it was surveyed, shall have the right of preemp-
tion upon one quarter section of land, upon tne
terms specified in the bill. The Committee on
Public Lands thought it was right that the settlers
upon this portion ofthe lauds in Wisconsin should
have a preemption right, as pi ovided for in the Sen-
ate bill; but the committee thought further, that it
was also right tha-* all settlers upon unsurveyed
public lands, whether in Wisconsin, or in any
other portion of the country, should have the right
of preemption. They therefore have proposed, as
a substitute to the Senate bill, a bill pjovidmg
for preemption rights upon all the unsurveyed
public lands in the United States. The Commit-
tee oil Public Lands propose nothing novel in their
substitute. All of the preemption laws, I believe,
which ever have been adopted by this Govern-
ment, save and except only the act of (K4], give
rights of preemption to settlers upon unsurveyed
public lands. This substituteof the Committee on
Public Lands only pioposes to return to the old
wholesome practice ofthe Government m reference
to settlers upon the public domain. The commit-
tee, sir, < an perceive no reason why the individual
who settles upon the unsurveyed public lands, and
there expends bis time, his labor, and money, and
makes valuable improvements, should not be pro-
tected from the speculator, as well as the man who
settles ;i few month-* later, after the lines shall
have been run.
These people on the Menomonee purchase say,
and I suppose say tndy, that they have spent
their all in making improvements, of a very valu-
able character, upon these lands. All the privi-
lege 1 hey ask is, that they may be entitled to
finer these lands at the price of*-] per acre.
It seems to me that'this principle is so manifestly
]uM, so manifestly right, that it cannot require
any further explanation from me. The gentleman
from Wisconsin, [Mr. ExsrMW,] however, is
nmre familiar with the facts, and can impress the
justness of the bdl more strongly upon the House
than anything 1 can sav.
Mi. E ASTM AN. I do not wish to makeaspeech
upon the bill, but to state Iniefly the fin-is m iela-
tion to it, which I thmk will be sumcient (o con-
vince every gentleman upon this door, of the just-
ness of it •< provisions.
By the treaty between the Government of the
United Stat< s and the Alenonionee lube of In-
; duns, hv which the lauds known as the Menom-
! onee purchase weie ceded to the United States,
'these Indians were to remove and "\ei\ile these
| lands at a c-'nam day. The President of the
i United Slates, at the solicitation of the Indians,
! extended that time of removal until the first day
! of June, ]r,V2. Between true time that ihev weie
' to have removed, by the terms of the treaty, and
] the time tiny are to tetrmve now, under the per-
i mission of the President of the United States, set-
j tiers have g<me upon that land m good faith, im-
: pro vet I it, made then- farms, erected i hen1 dwellings,
and, in fe't, small towns have grown up on the
river-', until a portion of that tract is almost as
densely populated  is any pait of the State.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
has decided in the cose of these settlers, that be-
cause the President of the United States extended
the time ofthe lemoval of these India us, that these !|
1 mds were not subject to preemption, and there- j|
fore the settlers upon these lands acquired nonglit ji
ofpreempnon by vurue o^fheir settlement. This i'
decision renders legislation upon the subject neces- i
sary to sec.ire the lights of these sert'ans, and this
bill has been introduced into theSenate, and passed
for their relief. The Committee on Public Lands, :
to whom it was referred in. tins House, have j
thought proper to make this bill jreneral in iis
opeiation. The time foi the remold of these In- ,
(bans evpires on the first day of June, lbo*2, and I
hence the immediate necessity for the passage of
this bill. I will not make a speech, as 1 said be- \
fore, but I simply state these facts, and hope the i
bill will meet the favorable consideration of the
members of this House.
Mr, BELL. I wish to inquire of the gentle-
man who reported this bdl, whether, if the bdl
as reported should pass into a law, it would in-
terfere with the existing rights of preemption to
lands which have been surveyed ?
Mr. HALL. In answer to the gentleman from
Ohio, I will state that the existing laws protect
settlers upon surveyed public lands. This bill
does not propose to interfere with the existing
laws, further than to extend the right of preemp-
tion to persons who have settled upon unsurveyed
public lands. And, of course, if this bill passes,
the rights of settlers upon surveyed public lands
would be still amply protected.
Mr. BELL. The present law, as I understand
it, would not authorize a man to go upon a school
section, for instance, and, by virtue of that settle-
ment, claim the light of taking up some other
tract. I wish to know whether this bill, now re-
ported, would give him that right?
Mr. HALL. The provision of this bill in re-
gard to that is this: that if a person who settles
upon unsurveyed public lands should be found to
have settled upon sections sixteen or thirty-six,
reserved for school purposes, he will have a float
securing him the right to select a quarter section
of unoccupied land, out of any other secnon in
the land district, by paying *>J '25 per acre for it.
Air. PELL. That is all the change proposed,
is it?
Mr. HALL. That is ail.
Mr. STUART. This subject of preemption
rights is well understood by the Kous^; and, in
order that we may get along with the business of
the House, I move the previous question.
Mi. SUTHERLAND. Will the gentleman
withdraw his motion for a moment? I wish to
make a few remarks.
Mr. STUART. I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I wish only to say a
single woul. It appears to me that this is an im-
portant bill which this committee have reported, if
I understand the chairman of that committee in his
explanation of it. It is no less than a bill to throw
into market all the territory of the United States.
The whole of it.
Mr. HALL. No, sir.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Let me state what I
understand it to be, and then you can make your
corrections. It gives preemption rights to settlers,
not only upon surveyed lands, but upon ail the
unsurveyed lands m the United States.
Air. HALL, (interruptnur.) To which the In-
dian title has been extinguished.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. To which the Indian
title has been extinguished! And that is immense.
The chairman says that the Committee on Public
Lands can see no reason why this preemption
right should not extend as well to the settlers on
unsuneyed lands, as to those who have settled on
surveyed lands. Now, [ do not know the extent
ofthe lands to which the Indian title has been ex-
tinginshfd, but I presume it is not less than a
hundred million of acres. This bill would, iheie-
fore, throw into market, in addition to the lands
now m market, one hundred millions of acres. I
do not expect to show that to this House now;
but I say this, th.it the most unfortunate policy
ever pursued hv this Government, in relation fo
the puldic lands, has been the bringing of them
into market faster than the demand for settlement
required. What is the consequence?—and the
consequence is the reason why this proposition
should not become a law. The consequence is,
that you stifle your country in spots and streaks
ail over. You spread your population to an im-
mense extent, hundreds and hundreds of miles;
and, in oider to get your produce to market, you
have to build roads and avenues of internal im-
piovement—in other words, you have to add to
the acmal expense that of getting your produce to
market, and to submit fo all the inconveniences
and mjuries which result from a sparse and scat-
tered population.
But another reason. In the name of common
sense, how can gentlemen come forward here, with
these propositions for grants to railroads—which
lands they ai e compelled, by their charters, to sell
within twenty years, and which if they do not
sell them wnthin thatpermd, they forfeit—and then
aak for the passage of such a bill as this5 Who
are you to sell these railroad lands to if you pass
