1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
and rendezvous. Such aonecouM not have been es-
tablished bat by the occupation of the island. This
occupation brought the yellow fever among the in-
habitants. It prevailed among the sailors, and was
introduced among the citizens, and gave to Key
West the character and reputation of being a sickly
place.
There is no doubt that this occupation of land
against the wishes of bona fide owners does create
a valid claim against the Government for indemni-
fication. But we are told that the claim has been
paid in part or in whole. I undertake to say here
m my place, that not the first dollar—not the first
cent has ever been paid. It is true that the United
States did. years and years subsequent to the oc-
cupation of the island, purchase a sitefor a custom-
house. In consideration of the fact that the Gov-
ernment did want the site for a custom-house, the
proprietors sold it to them for half the price which
it would have commanded from private citizens.
Lots adjoining that have since been sold within a
very recent period, for a much larger price than
that for which the Government obtained the site
for a custom-house. The giving, therefore, by the
proprietors to the Government of the site for a cus-
tom-house at a price iess than they would have
obtained from individuals, was a favor to the Uni-
ed States, ;:ud not to the parties. The United
States subsequently purchased a site for a bar-
racks, but that was a few years ago, comparatively
speaking—a long time after these events occurred.
They paid, too, for this, a very moderate price—
much iess than an individual would have had to
pay in open market. They purchased other sites
and occupied other land, and paid for it at very
moderate prices; but by doing that they have not
refunded any damages which the parties sustained
yeais ago in consequence of the military occupa-
tion of the island by Commodore Porter for the
Government.
There have been two favorable reports in the
House of Representatives on this identical claim.
I am not certain as to whether additional testi-
mony has or has not been taken since 1840. I
looked over ali the testimony in the case, and I there
found some testimony taken by myself. "When I
occupied a judicial station in the State of Florida,
citizens came before me voluntarily—merchants
and others who resided on the island at the time
Commodoiv Porter occupied it, and as much en-
Titled to credit, a a h i jy citizens of the United States
—and :>ave testimony, though they themselves
were against any hu-ire claim 011 tho United States ;
for the occupation of the island, that something ,
ought to be paid. Their testimony isunon ieeord. ;
So far from the island being 111 want of protec- 1
tion before the United States occupied it, it was j
inhabited, and no pirate has ever put his foot 011 ;
its soil since it was transferred to the United Stales j
by Spam, long before its occupation by the United j
States as a naval depot and rendezvous. The !
idea, therefoie, thai the United States have paid
M.7,000 for what co&tthe proprietors hut $2,000, is '
perfectly untenable. Two thousand dollars may !
nave been the original price negotiated with Salas: \
butas I understand tins purchase, the whole cost to ]
the propiietor, from beginning 10 end, could not :
have been less than $50,000. lint if it cost only !
$500—-if it were aeift to them, how can thai dis-
turb the claim J What has thai to do wiih the ;
claim? Is the mensure of damages for the unjust ■
occupation of the island to be judged of or to be
ascertained by the price which the proprietors pay j
for it? Why the island to-day, or when the ;
United States purchased land to the amount of 1
$,17,000, it was worth perhaps a hundred thou- j
&and times a* much as the parties originally gave j
for it. It probably could not be purchased for j
that now. With reference to the southwestern j
trade, the whole trade of the Gulf and of the !
Spanish Main, it is one of the most salient and im- 1
portanc positions inthe United States. I will here
say, thflt in Ib52, judging from the pnst, judging '
from the statistics already before us, ^200,000,000 ,
worth of property of the Eastern, Middle, and ;
Western Stales, will pass m sight, and almost '
within hailing distance of thia %f ry island—the 1
Eastern States in shipping, the Middle States in I
manufactures, the Western States in agricultural j
products. It was in view of its salient position ,
that the owners and occupiers of the land pur- ,
chased it from the original proprietors. Now, i.
because they were ahead of their time, and ob- jj
tained this important position for £ moderate sum, !'
no matter what thsPsum may have been, are we
to be told that the United States will not pay dam-
agesforthe unjust occupation of the island?
Mr. SEWAkD. I wish to inform myself upon
this bill, and therefore I wish to direct the atten-
tion of the Senator from Florida to a point about
which I require some information. I see that the
bill provides that the accounting officers, in calcu-
lating these damages, are to take into consideration
the benefits and advantages which accrued to the
United States from the occupation of the islun^f
Key West, as well as the injury suffered by as
owners. I am not clear that the benefits and ad-
vantages resulting to the United States are, under
the Constitution of the United States, a legitimate
inquiry in ascertaining the value to be paid for
private property taken for public uses. 1 would
like to hear the Senator on that point.
Mr. MALLORY. The bill introduced by the
Naval Committee is precisely in so many woids
the bill reported to the House of Representatives
by the Naval Committee, at a former session. In
reporting; that bill, the Naval Committee did notfeel
disposed to make any alteration in it: but I am per-
fectly wilting that the clause objected to by theSena-
tor from New York shall be stricken out. All I aim
at is^at the Government should display some dis-
position to pay these parties, who have been kept
out of payment for the use of their property for
twenty years. In drawing up this bill, and in leav-
ing the amount to be decided by the accounting
officers, under the direction of the Secretary of
I the Navy, under the rules laid down by the At-
1 torney General, that those officers, with the law
1 before them, and the principles of equity and
' justice to guide thein, would sufficiently guard the
interests of the Government, and that no great
harm would result from the latitude allowed them.
But, if the Senate thinks proper, 1 will at once
agree to strike out this clause of the bill, if it is
untenable,and let the bill stand on its other merits.
All that 1 desire is, that these parties shall not be
turned away after their claim has been so long de-
layed. They have never yet been repaid a single
dollar. The United States have purchased land
from them for a custom-house and barracks, and
other purposes; but I am certain that if those
lands were sold to individuals, they would bring
double the price which the Government has paid
for them.
Mr. BAYARD. it is perfectly certain, that, if
we are to decide this cose upon the private knowl-
edge of the Senator from Florida, apart fioni the
documents presented, 1 am entirely mistaken in
the conclusions which 1 have drawn from the facts.
But it would be a new theory of GJfternmen!, if
the individual knowledge of a Senator, apart from
the proof submitted, hone and loose, and ex imilc
as that proof is, was to form ihe ground of the de-
rision of the Senate in reference to the propriety of
allowing a claim. I stnted the size of Key West
from the documents in the case, as being an island
of seven hundred acres. The Senator says it is
larger. That is immaterial. If it is larger, the
argument is stronger. 1 am perfectly willing, as
regards the damages which are claimed, to place 1
myself upon the legal position, which has not been i
and cannot be, answered by the Senator, that the ;
Government is not responsible for the act:; of ;
Commodore PorHfr which were done outside of !
his orders, mid which violated the individual lights
of the parties. If he did commit such acts, their
redresswasagainslhim, A resort to a court of jus- ;
tice was the proper mode to have obtained redress,
if they believed they could have sustained them- ■
selves in a court; and if they would have -sustained
the encounter there, they would have brought the i
matter before the courts; and I say the fact that they ;
did not so seek it, forms a strong presumption, in
my mind, that they were not prepared to make i
such an issue. 1 always distrust ex parte evidence, ,
and I think there is no safety unless you do. It
is to be scrutinized with much greater strictness !
than you establish in other cj.ses. j
The Senator tells us that the claimants hatfe re- >
ceived nothing for damages. The petition admits 1
that they received three thousand six hundred and
odd dollars for wood. Is that nothing? It admits '
the fact that ^4,000 were paid for the ground oc-
cupied by the custom-house; that, §>3,200 were paid 1
for the ground occupied by the banacks;and that
$6,800 ha\e been paid since for other property. !
That makes the amount I stated. I stated these j
facts to show that the property which had been :
occupied, under the orders of the Government, by
ComodorePorter, had been paid for. 1 say so still. *
The order of the Government to Comftiodore Por-
ter was to establish a depot on the island. There
can be no mistake about the extent of the order.
There is nothing more in the papers—nothing more
in the order of the Secretary to him—than, ^ You
' will establish at Thompson's Island, usually called
4 Key West, a depot, and land the ordnance and
'murines to protect the stores and provisions; if,
1 however, you shall find any important objection
4 to the place, and a more suitable and convenient
| t one can be found, you are at liberty to select it
1 ' as a depot.The honorable Senator asks,
How could they occupy this without taking the
! land ? 1 said that they took *r portion of the land,
but not more than is occupied now; ancLthat, be-
yond that, if Commodore Porter assumea jurisdic-
tion over the whole island and established martial
law to prevent persons building and to paralyse
commerce by arbitrary orders, he went beyond
the authority conferred upon him; and if he
did that, then, there the opinion, as a matter of
law, announced by Mr. Legare, strictly applies,
and there is no responsibility on the part of the
Government.
But I am free to say, that from the reading of
this testimony—it is not necessary for me to go
through it before the Senate now—the impression
on my mind is, that this is a matter of dispute
in which there was fault on both sides, and this
claim is a prepared claim; and that the parties at
the time carried on a series of petty disputes with
Commodore Porter and his officers, with a view to
' make a subsequent claim against the Government
j of the United States; in order to get speculative
, damages. That is what I meant by the allegation
, of speculative damages. As I know none of these
, parties, it is indifferent to me; but I cannot resist
| the conclusion to which I hav^ come; and if I were
; to use strong language. 1 should say that the claim
; is a fraud upon the Government from its beginning
; to its end. That is the impression which these pa-
I pers make on my mind; because on the 7th of Jan-
I uary, 1821, these parties made a communication
i calculated to draw the attention of the Government
; to this island, which was then as the reportingoffi-
| cer says, desolate, und that is the time to which I
referred. Whether that was the condition of the
island is immaterial. The honorable Senator
says ltwas settled. That was when Commodore
Porter went there, a year after security was^iven
by the establishment of a guard by the United
States. It was after the United States had as-
sumed jurisdiction over it for the first time. But
before that—on March 2H, 1822—Commodore Per-
ry in his report, said expressly that—
u UetoTO'biv the Honda keys have been the resort of
Hiuujrajlers, New Providence wrcckers, and, in fact, of a
set of di\-f>< ia<!( e«, who have paid but hfrle regaiU Aither
to ifivv or }jone«!v. The prc-enr establishment, though on
a small scale, with I conjecture, (with the assistance of the
settlers,) be rnnhicd to keep these lawless people from thK
is-Jand. But I would Suggest the necessity of an eariy aug
mentation « r force, if jt be oniy foi tho purpose of enfoicnla
the levenue laws.''
It was not until April, 1820, that Commodore
Porter was ordered there. When be went, a set-
tlement may have arisen, because the Government
had determined to have an establishment there, and
had placed a guard to protect the island from
smugglers and pirates. A settlement may ha^-
grown op in the interim. When Oummodor**
Porter went 'here, the island was settled in part;
but he was authorized to establish a depot and
barracks. The alleged aggression consists in tht,
taking of what was not paid for, by arbitrary
powei on the part of Commodore Porter. Con-
ceding those acts to have taken place, they did not
come within the terms of the order, and he was
responsible for them. The fact that the par-
ties did not choose to sue him in 1823 for acts
alleged, by ex parte proof in part established ceie,
to have been commuted, and did not hold him re-
sponsible, affords to 1110 a presumption that those
facts could have l> -eu met by counter proof to sus-
tdiit lite couise which ht \wis obliged to take.
Air. DAWSON'. What were the acts com-
plained oP
Mr. BAYARD. The acts charged are, that
Commodore Porter prohibited them from building
on their property according to the plan of a town
they had laid out; that he arrested a workman of
one of the owners -when he attempted to build on
the property of that owner, and decided that it
