1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1471
this bili ? Do you not by your homestead bill j
giveaway to actual settlers the lands in the States !
already surveyed? And now you actually give '
away the whole domain, yet unsurveyed, by the I
operation of this preemption bill. And I ask how j
are you to fulfill the conditions of your grants to j
railroads—to sell the land within twenty years? ;
You cannot do it. You must have settlers before
you can sell them. In other words, you are taking
away by this bill, and by your homestead bill,
the very market which you must look to for the
sale of your lands, in order to fulfill the conditions
of your railroad grants.
1 should be glad to vote for some of these rail-
road bills, but the" friends of these bills, by this
very measure, are destroying any prospect of pass-
ing them. I ask this House if there is a single
railroad bill which has been reported here, which
does not make the grant, upon the condition that
the lands shall be sold within twenty years ? I
ask gentlemen again, to whom will they sell the
railroad lands to ? You have a certain limited mar-
ket for your lands. You have a certain amount of
population to supply. But if you throw open the
whole public domain to actual settlers, upon the
sole condition of occupancy, where are you to find
a market for the lands granted by your railroad
bills?
Mr. HALL. Allow me to correct the gentle-
man with rega'rd to these railroad bills. Those
bills require the roads to be completed within
twenty years, but they do not fix the time within
which the land shall be sold.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. In the course of a five
minutes' speech—for I will detain the House no
longer—it cannot be expected that 1 will consider
the whole beajings of this question. I will say,
however, to the chairman and members of the
Committee on Public Lands, that never before
was there brought forward, in any legislative
body of the earth, measures so entirely inconsist-
ent with each other as these land measures. It
has been proposed at this session by the railroad
bills to grant 40,000,000 acres of land for the con-
struction of railroads, to be sold within ten years
after the passage of the grants, and at the same
time the market for these^lands is destroyed by
other bills, so as to render it impossible for the
companies to fulfill the conditions of the grants, by
the donations to actual settlers—the giving away
of the whole of the public domain to induce
people to emigrate West, not to settle upon the
railroad land but upon other land. Now, by this
measure you propose to throw into market some
100,000,000 acres more than there are at present.
You propose to open the whole public domain to
which the Indian title has been extinguished, and
to give it away. Is it not a gift? £ preemption
right! When is the settler to be compelled to
pay for it? He must settle upon it, but he way
remain there a hundred years before it is surveyed.
He can remain on it until it is brought into mar-
ket before paying $1 25 per acre for it. Who can
tell when the Government will bring it into mar-
ket? Is it not known that there is more land in
market now than can be sold for a great many
years to come. This is inconsistent with the
other land bills of this House, and their incon-
sistency is what I condemn them for. Gentle-
men, in their anxiety in every sort of way to give
away the public land, have destroyed their own
measures, so as to render it impossible for any
jYifin to vote for them without stultifying himself.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I hope, sir, the
vote will be taken to-day upon this bill. I will
detain the House but for a single moment. In re-
lation to the immediate object of this bill, so far as
it is intended to protect the settlers in the State of
Wisconsin,! beg leave to say, that if it is not
passed before the 1st day of June, it will be of no
benefit to the very class for which it is intended.
Under the direction of the Government, the time
for removing the Menomonees was extended until
the 1st day of J r.ne, 1852. The settlers, not know-
ing that the President had extended the time, went
on those lands and made impiovenients: and if
tins law is not passed before the first day of Jutie,
1852, it need not be passed at all, so iaras^any
benefit it is intended to confer on this class ot set-
tlers is concerned. One word of reply to the gen-
tleman who has just taken his seat. Now, I would
say that, if there were any class of the settlers on
the public domain more meritorious than another,
it is that class who go in advance of the settle-
ments of the country—who are the early pioneers
of the country, and who claim these'public lands
before they are surveyed, or before the United
States has extended over them its territorial juris-
diction. What is the effect of this, sir? Why,
that when they go and settle upon these public
lands; when they have made valuable improve-
ments; after they have induced others to follow
them, and after the cultivation and the improve-
ment of the public lands have been the result of
their enterprise, the Government is called upon to
have these lands surveyed, and to bring them into
market. The result of that is, that the lands are
sold, and the money goes into the Treasury of the
United States, for the purpose of making improve-
ments, and being expended in the very region of
country which the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sutherland] has the honor to represent.
When they go upon these public lands, they re-
ceive no protection from the Government; but
after the lands are surveyed and brought into the
market, the improvements and the laborthey have
bestowed upon these lands are protected to them
by law; and I can say to that gentleman, that I
have never known of any preemption law, except
one, which has been referred to by the gentleman
who reported this bill—the law of 1841—which
does not extend the right of preemption to unsur-
veyed lands; that settlers upon unsurveyed lands
are the very class we should protect, and the very
class of persons we should induce to go in advance
of the settlements of the country, for the purpose
of enabling the Government to sell and dispose of
the public domain—not as a gift, sir, but for a
valuable consideration in dollars and cents. As I
do not think anything will be gained by extending
this discussion,"] calf for the previous question.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the.gentleman withdraw
his call for the previous question for one moment ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, f will, on condition that
the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. FOWLER. 1 suppose it would be in order
to move that the bill and amendment be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed, so that we may
ail be enabled to perfectly understand the matter?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. FOWLER. It is very evident, Mr. Speak-
er, that this is an important bill. I am not sure
but that, when I come to understand its provisions,
1 may vote for it. If it is right I will do so, but
I am unwilling to act until I know more about the
character of the bill, and its probable effect. Now,
I will move to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and to order it
to be printed, if the gentleman from Illinois, to
whom I feel myself hound, will allow that motion
to be submitted, for the purpose of having it
brought fairly before the body.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I yielded the
gentleman the floor for the purpose of explanation,
and on the condition that afterwards he would
renew the call for the previous question, and not
for the purpose of submitting another independ-
ent motion.
Mr. FOWLER. I will not violate the implied
pledge. I will not make the motion 1 have sug-
gested. If the gentleman insists, he has the right
of renewing the call. If the bill is right, the friends
of it need not fear that it will not pass, after being
properly considered. If it is wrong, they should
not desire its passage Will they not allow us to
examine it? Will they not allow it to be printed,
and laid upon our tables5
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will per-
mit me to interrupt him a moment. I stated be-
fore, the necessity for immediate action upon this
bill—that if it was not passed befoi e the tirst day
of June, 1852, it would confer no benefit upon the
very class of settlers it was intended to benefit—
the settlers in Wisconsin. For that reason I de-
sire that it shall be acted on at the present time.
Mr. CAREER. I wish simply to ask the
gentleman from Illinois one question I wish to
inquire if it is so important these settlers shall be
protected, why is the bill not confined to them,
instead of undertaking to revolutionize the whole
land system by a general bill, such as is proposed
by the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. EASTMAN. I will answer th* gentleman.
Mr. FOWLER. I cannot give way for these
discussions. If the necessity of which the gen-
tleman from Illinois speaks exists, I would in-
quire of him whether it be greater than the neces-
sity that right action should be taken upon this
subject? If the previous question is to- be called
upon this bill before we can have an opportunity
to have it printed an^to read it, Phope it will not
be sustained. I am not disposed further to occupy
the time of the House.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move that the bill
and amendment be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. FOWLER. I renew the call for the pre-
vious question, in accordance with the agreement
I made with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Campbell.],
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sutherland] is entitled to the floor.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had resumed
his seat when the gentleman from New York was
recognized.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I yielded the
floor on the condition that my call for the previous
question would be renewed.
Mr. FOWLER. I felt bound to make that
motion. It was merely an oversight that I did
not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of that,
but the gentleman did not make the motion. He
had resumed his seat when the gentleman from
New York was recognized. The Chair must say
that the gentleman from Massachusetts cannot
take the floor from the gentleman of New York
Without Ins consent.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I move that the bill
and amendment be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union and that they
be printed, and upon that motion I call for the
previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. This is a way of depriv-
ing me of the call for the previous question which
I do not understand. I will know to whom I yield
the floor again.
Mr. HALL. I will ask the gentleman from
New York to withdraw his call for the previous!
question. I will renew it. I desire to submit a
few words in reply to the gentleman's remaiks.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I withdraw it on the
condition that the gentleman will renew it.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Speaker, 1 wish, in the first
place, to inform the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sutherland] that my own State has no in-
terest whatever m the passage of this bill into a law.
The State of Missouri has been settled under the
operation of a law almost precisely similar in its
terms to the substitute now under consideration.
Its citizens were permitted to settle on the unsur-
veyed lands, and to hold preemption rights there-
on. And all the object I have in view in the
passage of the present measure is, that those who
may hereafter emigrate to the West shall be en-
titled to the same right and privilege as my own
constituents. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Sutherland] seems to think that this bill,
were it passed, would throw open an immense
tract of land to settlers, which otherwise would
not be subject to settlement for a great many years
to come. I will state, in reply to the gentleman,
that if this bill passes it will then open to settle-
ment no land hut that to which the Indian title has
been extinguished: and that the practice of the
Government has always been, and I presume it
will continue to be, to survey the public lands al-
most as soon as the Indian title has been extin-
guished; so that if this bill be not passed in a very
few months, as much land will come under
the operation of the preemption laws as will be
subject to preemption if the bill were now passed.
The only possible effect that it will have, as I
stated in my first remarks, will he to protect the
pioneers—those who first plunged into the foiests,
settled, and improved the land. That is all, sir.
|j It will not increase the amount of land subject
i to preemption one Mngle acre,
t Mr. SUTHERLAND. How do these settlers
1 go there, unless they go where they get the pre-
j eruption right5 Do they not go as trespassers
i and occupy lands upon which they have no right
j to settle"' *
I Mr. HALL, i will inform the gentleman.
| They go as our people went to Oregon, before you
j passed the Oregon land law. They go as people
j went to California, and just exactly as people
went to evexy new State in this Union. They go
for the purpose of improving; their condition with-
i out the authority of law. They go to render im-
i portant services to the country as well as to ben-
