2336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25.
vocation it was to understand that business. I
say that it was very natural that those who are
intrusted with the examination of this question
should have called to their aid the information
which had been acquired and could be furnished
by practical printers. It has been disclosed to the
Senate that the joint committee, which was se-
lected upon this subject, have brought before them
practical printers, and from the statement of these
printers they have fixed upon a certain tariff of
prices to be paid for the public printing. Now I
ask, is there anything unjust or unfair in this?
Was there any other way by which the commit-
tee could put themselves in possession of the in-
formation necessary to enable them to decide this
question? We have the statement of these Sena-
tors that this course has been adopted.
I profess to be actuated by no other considera-
tion than a desire to have the public priming faith-
fully and fairly executed. I say, therefore, that
the Senator from New Hampshire had no right to
impugn the motives of Senators here, in advocating
this bill. He had no right to say, or to insinuate
that we, upon this side of the Chamber, were de-
sirous of bolstering op a party press in the city
of Washington. Senators who act from pure mo-
tives themselves, are not apt to impute improper
motives to others. Whether the Abolition organ
monopolizes all the brains of the editorial fra-
ternity in Washington, is not, perhaps, material in
the adjustment of this question. But 1 desire to
say that the Senator from New Hampshire has no
right to intimate that we, on this side of the Cham-
ber, have a desire to bolster up a part}' press in
the city of Washington. We claim to be actuated
by high and honorable motives. We claim to be
satisfied that the contract system has utterly failed,
and that some other course must be adopted in
order to secure the proper execution of the public
printing. We claim to be willing to give to that
public printer, whoever he may be, a just and fair
compensation for that duty. Therefore, I say, it
did not become the Senator from New Hampshire
to impute improper motives to gentlemen upon
this side, to intimate that, because one of the polit-
ical organs in this city has been extinguished,
therefore it was possible another party press
might be in the same position, and that it was our
desire to do—what? To seize upon the public
treasure to build up a party press. Does the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire believe it? Does he
believe that there are Senators on this side of the
Chamber who are yo strongly actuated by party
considerations that they would seize upon the pub-
lic treasure to prevent a political paper from going
out of existence ? If he does believe it, he ought to
have the manliness to avow it and not to insinuate.
Sir, I am for fair play, and for fair dealing; and if
I attempt to assail the motives of a man, I will say
so to his face, openly. 1 will not insinuate that
he is trying to steal the public money fur improper
purposes.
I have felt myself called upon to say this much
in reply to the insinuations that have been made
by the Senator from New Hampshire. I believe
he has been the first one who 1ms intimated that
we were actuated by improper motives, or by a
desire to sustain a party press at the expense of
the public Treasury, i have nothing fuiiher to
say.
Mr. IIALE. Mr. President, I believe that in
the little time I have been in the Senate, I have
not been accused of concealing what 1 had to say;
and I can tell the honorable Senator from Califor-
nia, that 1 shall not begin at this late day. I did
not say what he put intomy mouth, nor anything
like it.
The PRESIDENT, if the Senator had, he
would have been called to order.
Mr. HALE. Then you and I agree, Mr. Pres-
ident, however it may be with the Senator from
California. I did not say it, nor did I insinuate
it; and I can only say, that if the Senator £ ot«my
such idea, he got it from a place inside his own
waistcoat, and not from anything I s.ud. Sir, I
am a little surprised at the manner of the Senator
from California. I was not surprised at the ex-
treme intonations—I do not know then* names—
of his musical tones, the high and the low; but 1
ran tell the honorable Senator that the views
which I advanced, I entertain. If I am obnoxious
to anything which he has said, it may be found in
the fact that I do not bring out, in quite so bold
relief as I might have done, the plain, naked truth,
which everybody else admits except the Senator
j from California. Would the Senator from Cali- 1
■ fornia, or anybody else upon this floor, deem it an
| impeachment of his integrity to have it said that ne
i was desirous of building up the party press with
| which he was associated? Why, sir, the honor-
; able Senator from Texasopenlyavowed,butafew
: minutes before the honorable Senator from Cali- ;
: fornia spoke, that whilst he was here as a mem-
\ ber of the Senate, he would give to the press he
: was associated with any patronage that fairly came
within his disposition.
Mr. WELLER. So would I.
Mr. HALE. Well, that is going a great way
further than I intimated gentlemen might go.
And when the honorable Senator from Texas had
avowed it so plainly, surely there was no neces-
sity for me to insinuate as a fact that which had
been boldly proclaimed as a principle of action.
I simply said this, and I want to repeat it, be-
cause I am astonished at the exhibition the Sen-
ator from California has made, that the motives of
those Senators were honorable and patriotic.
Does the Senator take that as ironical ? Does he
think that it is an insinuation to say that gentle-
men 's motives are honorable and patriotic ? That
was just exactly what I did say. And then I
said, their motives being honorable and patriotic,
it was well enough not to pretend to shut our eyes
to the incidents which follow in the train of pa-
triotism. Was there anything wrong in that?
Sir, we have the declaration of inspiration that
"Godliness is profitable unto all things, having
promise of the life that now is, and of that which
is to come;" and it was never supposed to be an
impeachment of the Apostle's piety that he made
the discovery. No, sir, I have had my own mo-
tives impeached, too often, and too long, and too
openly, and too boldly—I have felt it in my own
experience too much and too keenly—to retort
upon anybody else. I have sat here for five years
past and breasted the storm of vituperation and
impeachment of my motives almost every time
that I opened my mouth; and if it has had no
other effect, it has impressed upon my heart a
lesson which I shall never forget, and from which
I shall never depart, and that is, not to impeach
the motives of others. I have never done so, sir.
In fact, my fault has been that I have gone so far
the other way in attributing honorable motives to
Senators that they have thought the exuberance of
my compliments was an impeachment of my sin-
| cerity. [Laughter.] That has been my fault, if
; anything.
| Now, sir, I say, once for all, that I think the
[ Senator from California must have misunderstood
! me. He misunderstood me when he undertook
; to impeach my motives. If he did not misunder-
! stand me then, he will find that he misunderstands
: me now, if he thinks that I am to be, by any con-
, sideration, deterred from the expression of my
■ honest convictions.
l Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to inquire why
has the contract system failed, if it be a failure?
Why are we to monopolize this business of pnnt-
: mg, and give it to whom we please, excluding all
1 competition ? If you trace it, I apprehend it will
| be found it is just because we ourselves have not
had the firmness to reinpeopleup, and make them
■ abide by the contracts into which they have en-
tered. Now, sir, while the contract system upon
advertisement has been carried out with regard to
I all the other business of the country, is it not de-
rogatory to ourselves to proclaim that we cannot
■ have that system succeed here which succeeds
everywhere else ? If it is to be abandoned, 1 am
for the plan suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Allow me here to say that I have been suffi-
ciently long in this and the other branch of Con-
gress, to sec tlie operation of this system in all
its various phases, and I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to a few considerations. Sup-
pose you adopt this change, and go back to the
old plan, which was in vogue when I came here,
of electing yoar public printer, will it follow that
! the favorite of a party will always succeed ? Not
• unless by party drill and caucus machinery you
i can concentrate the votes beforehand upon that
! favorite; for there will be division; there will be
1 cliques; there \vi>l be counter interests; and by
1 dividing, you will have these things in party ma-
chinery, which will be inimical to the best interests
j of the party. It will be made on aground by which
you will endeavor to keep up party, and party in-
terests. My word for it, the desire for the spoils
and the accumulation of wealth, are sufficient mo-
tives to appeal to everything of that sort. Is it
prudent—is it proper, to lay a foundation by which
such struggles can be introduced into party, or
among the members of Congress? I am opposed
to it. I am opposed to it, because these are prin-
ciples which often operate upon the human heart,
and I could give you instances where I believe
they have operated, but I will not do it, because
it might excite feelings unpleasant to myself and
others; but everybody can see, from the mere state-
ment of facts, how this thing will operate. Is there
any party advantage in it? 1 do not believe there
is. I look at some of the publications in the party
press of the day, both in regard to General Scott
and General Pierce, with the utmost abhorence.
The PRESIDENT. That is not the subject
under consideration.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not intend to make
a party question of it; but the view I am present-
ing has a direct bearing upon this case. An ar-
gument has been suggested here, that this is a
party maneuver for the purpose of getting party
advantage. I wanted to state my candid convic-
tion that no party advantage can be obtained in
this way, by patronizing a party press at the ex-
pense of other presses, and thereby to show that
an argument based upon considerations of that
sort ought not to prevail, to influence Senators to
vote for this bill.
A suggestion has been made that the minds of
gentlemen will be influenced to vote for this bill
by party considerations and party advantages.
My argument against that is, that there can be no
such party advantage obtained; and in support of
that argument, I say that there is no right-minded
man—there is no sensible man who will look at
the slanders against the nominees of both the Dem-
ocratic and Whig parties, butmust feel the disgust
which I have already expressed. Instead of its
doing any good, if the party press is to be main-
tained for the purpose of propagating slander of
that sort, it will do harm to the party that employs
such machinery. That is my candid conviction.
It seems to me sometimes that I can almost/ancy
that I see the very motives of the heart, when it
has been penning a sentiment, to put in print for
party purposes, which shall steer as near the truth
as possible in words, while the collocation of those
words is such as to convey a lie, and thereby to
deceive. I hope and believe the public sentiment
of the country is becoming awakened to this spe-
cies of party tactics, and is becoming disgusted
with it. The party that resorts to anything of that
sort will fail before an intelligent community.
I mention these things to show that these party
considerations cannot, and ought not to operate
here as a motive for passing any such bill; and
that we ought, if we can, to resort to the system
of contract—an open field, and fair competition.
If we cannot resort to that, then you ougnt to es-
tablish a Government press, if for no other rea-
son, for the purpose of getting clear of the *e polit-
ical influences, and for the purpose of getting clear
of these imputations upon the motives of Senators
and Representatives, and of escaping those in-
volvements in contests such as I have seen prevail
before.
The yeas and nays were ordered on Mr.
Hale's amendment; and, being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chase, Cooper, Davis, Dawson. Fish,
Foot, Hale, Jones of Tennessee, Morto ,Peaice, Seward,
Sirntli, Spruance, Underwood, Upham, and Wade—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Adam?, Bayard, Borland, Btadbury,
Bright, Biodhead, Brooke, Cass, Chailtori, De Saussure,
Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Downs,
Felch, Gwin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, King,'Mallory,
Mason, Meriwether, Rusk, Shields, Sumner, Toucey,
Walker, and Weller—28.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARKE, when his name was called,
rose and said: Upon this question, and upon this
bill, 1 have paired off with the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Norris,] and do not
feel at liberty to vote.
Mr. BORLAND. I shall not tire the Senate
with a speech; but the position in which I feel
myself placed on this occasion, requires me to
say a few words to put myself, as I consider,
right upon the record. I regret exceedingly to
appear in seeming opposition to the political party
to which I belong, to the service of which I have
