1476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 26,
Fer edmpensation of me surveyor general of Arkansas,
per act of August 8,1846, §3,000.
" For clerks m the office of the surveror general of Arkan-
sas, per act of August 8, 1S46, $6,300.,f
The next amendment, which was concurred in,
was to strike out the words, " for surveys in the
mineral region of Michigan, at a rate not exceed-
ing $6 per mile, $20,650, "and insert in lieu thereof
the following:
" For surveys in the mineral region of Michigan, at a rate
not exceeding %6 per mile, $24,780."
The PRESIDENT, The next amendment is
to insert the following:
"For completing the improvements ol New Jersey avenue,
north of the Capitol, .$9,000.
" For planting and finishing the roads and walks through
thatportion of the public mail surrounding tbe Buiith^oniait
Institution, $7,000.
"For deficiency in the appropriation for dofrav m«i the ex-
penses of preparing tiie Opinions or tin; Attorneys. General,
$1,220. - *
" Forpaymentto Augustus Humbert, of balance ofhis« sal-
ary as United States assayer of goid in Calubrnia, under
the act of 30th September, lboO, ,>3,230.
Mr, HUNTER. Titere is one part of that
amendment which has been excepted. It is the !
clause giving' $1,200 additional compensation for i
preparing the Opinions of the Attorneys General. ;
The PRESIDENT. We are going over them I
separately.
Mr. DAVIS. If what has been read is con* :
sidered as one amendment, 1 shall move a division
of the question. I am willing that the question
should be taken on all the other clauses of the
amendment^except that clause referring to the ap-
propriation for defraying the expenses of preparing
the Opinions of the Attorneys General. Thai por-
tion of the amendment I wish to have excepted.
The PRESIDENT. Then the question will he
on amending the amendment by striking that out.
Mr. DAVIS. I regret that 1 am not :ih well
prepared to state this question to the Senate as 1
ought to be, being unexpectedly called on to do so
in the absence of the Senator from Rhode island;
but, knowing that it was his intention and his pur-
pose to object to that provision, I thought i\ to be
my duty to bring it to the attention of the Semite.
This gentleman, Mr. Hall, of whom f know noth-
ing, was employed to collect the Opinions of the
Attorneys General; that service he lias performed,
and has received, as compensation, a sum—which
can be named by the chairman of the Committee
on Finance—amounting to something like
It is now proposed to give him $1,220 in addition
to that sum. I hold in my hands the two volumes
compiled by that gentleman. They are in tho
possession of every gentleman m the Senate. They
contain nothing except the naked Opinions of the
Attorneys General, commencing with the earliest
period of tbe history of this Government, and
coming down to the present ume. There is not,
as every one knows, an index in this book; it is a
book substantially useless m ils character. In -
cause, like a lock without a key, there are no
means of getting at the information omtunmd in
it. If Mr. Hall has, as i understand, aheady re-
ceived $2,000, I Would be glad if the dun man of
the Committee on Finance would show the Senate
some good reason why this additional sum should
be given.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that this was an
improvident amendment, reported hy the commit-
tee in consequence of the receipt of a letter from
the Attorney General's Office,and without ov.:tu-
rning the book. As it contains no index, ^
the sum proposed to be appropriated too !a>:  \
I shall vote with the Senator from Massachu-'et's
for the rejection of the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD, i hope thnt [ ma- y oe indulged
with tffe attention of the Senate, winie «
word of explanation on this unhject.
Mr. BAD&ER. Will the Senator permn '■ ■ ■
to ask one question: i would like to k"ow from
the Senator from Virginia [Mr. HirjjTi.ii] wh th^.«
the latter, on account of which tin* approprituVm
was reported, stated that a contract for .-t'spe."if,e
sum had been made with this person ?
Mr. HXJNTEll. There was no contract for
specified sum. Here aie the letters; if the Sen-
ator from North Carolina [Mr. Badger] desires
it, they can be read, b.it one of the letters is lather
long.
Mr. BADGER. Nc. do rsot wish to hear
them read. I merely wished to ascertain that
fact.
Mr. SEWARD. Wil! the -Senator from Vir-
ginia have the goodness to send me those letters'
Mr. HALE. 1 rise to a question of order; that
is, whether this appropriation is in order in this
bill? ' "
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from 3S"ew
York is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. But I wish to know whether this,
being a private claim, is in order in the deficiency
bill!
Mr. DAVIS. It was reported by the committee.
The PRESIDENT. It is too late to laioe that
question now. The amendment was adopted in
committee. I
Mr. HALE. Its adoption by the committee j
does not authorize its insertion here. I
The PRESIDENT. Having been adopted by !
the committee, it must be acted on now. i
Mr. SEWARD. A law passed Congress, di- !
rectmg the President of the United States to collect j
the Opinions of the Attorneys General, which were  
lying loose,and mall imaginable confusion, in the j
Attorney General's Office. The President ap- j
pointed Benjamin P.Hall, esquire, a counsellor at {
law, who was a friend of his own, and who was j
competent to perform that service. He was an j
author, and a lawyer of standing, and of high re- !
spectabihty in both capacities, especially as a legal '
writer, in the State of New York. There was no |
sum designated for his compensation. lie came !
here and entered upon the discharge of his duties, 1
and last year, when the appropriation hill passed,
he presented his account for settlement. The work ,
being then unfinished, the Attorney General tec- ;
omrnended the sum of $2,000, not for his com- I
pensation, hut as a sum which would certainly be [
! less than the amount, and the residue was reserved j
] until the work should be completed. Mr. Hull :
i went on upon the receipt of that $2,000, having .
| hired a clerk, as it became necessary to copy |
I many, if not all of these Opinions. The result i
i has been, that these volumes of Opinions are pre- '
: sented to us. At this session of Congress he pre-1
, sented his claim to the Attorney General m a ,
i letter, in order that it might be brought into this j
| deficiency bill. He presented the following ac- i
j count of piofessional services:
| Thk Umtki) r*ta.ti's of America,
i To licHjaini)} F. Jltill, Di. 1
| 1631. September?. To professional ^m-viees tendered to i
I the I'mtf'd States since rSeptembet G, 18.>0, hy direction ol I
, \ Urn I're-ident, in compiling the Opinions ol the Attoi ncys I
, | Geneial, ibiee huftdn.-d and sixty-liv c da\ s?, at the nue of j
![ eight dollars per day *  . i
: P« expenduuies neces^aiil) incurred for eleik
■' (lining that penou  o00 ;
Tomi vveoj
• Ci. Hy amount of appropuatiou towards that ob-
!! jf-et oi'March 3d, 1861  S,000 '
I, isniunce due ,^| o-Ju f
This account, as Senators will see, includes
£.'J00 for clerk hire. The Committee on Finance
very properly required some evidence on the sub-
ject, Irom the Department to which it belonged,
■; and ihey were furnished wan the following leitei
!i from the Solicitor of the Treasury:
Solicitor's Oj-kk.k. ^ ;
Ij Washington, Jlpril 5. 18.W. \
| ;>ik : 1 am lequested In a fuond of Mr. Hall, who^cbill ■
toi tiwrvifova m the compilation oi the Opinions ol the At- 1
'i lomcys t enei.ii is before y, ui committee, to wiite to jou '
oi resard to it. j
Tin.' manner in which Mr. Hall performed his duties
; enme undermv obsenation, and itqives me pleaame tosav ;
that he devoted himvlf ivith <jrc t aswnhutv to the task be ;
■ toe linn. It lO'juircs no Intle skill and Litmi to place tin- ;
-• Opinions"' in a shape suited to their importance. Mr
1 l?a!l h.i- nerfornied tbe work well, and mem* not only a ,
i fin oe-ui.i.irv reward, but the thanks oi the low oili<-<>i.- ui !
H' f-O", ei iimi.'ul, and of .ill who have Oi cation to leier to '
■ t.'ie w> rfc
; Mi. Hal! i* a lawyer, and I haw no douLt conUi hive :
eT>j'jd, ni the yen which he devoted ro the compih'itton, i
ijiuiL ,iu'n he Inu charged. It neenis to ii,e that in< hill is
qi'ite tca-onable.
V'e.v lesncetinliv, vour obediem servant,
i J A. CLARiv.
, Hon. R. >1. T. Ift'STFR,
Chairman Fiuamc Vo>nir.ittce, Sciictc Cuitcd States.
l\1 r. Hall is well known to me, and I know that ,
hiw profession as a lawyer would bring him in an !
■ amount, much larger than that which he has !
charged. The Attorney General referred the mat- ■
j ier to his clerk, Mr. Reid, who was familiar with '
j the subject; and here is the opinion of Mr. Reid, !
j the deputy m the office of the Attorney General: j
Washington, March 19,1852.
;■ Sir: I have examined the account of Mr. Hall, which j
you hauded to me yesterday, and certify that he was en- '
gaged for the time mentioned m it in compiling the Opin-
ions the of Attorneys General, aed supeiintending their
publication; and that, fiom the pieat care and labor be-
stowed on the work, the tttmunciation claimed i.s, m my
opinionHveiy reasonable and proper.
The work must be regarded a^^i very valuable aid to all
the ofiiccrs of the Executive Department of the Govern-
ment in thp discharge of their duties, t would pause ulariy
call your attention to the synop.-U he has'prefixed to each
Opinion. It ftM indicates Uie general pnnciplo decided;
secondly', the mode of carryiug H into execution ; and
lastly, the application of thepunciple to the particular case.
Take, for example, the opinion a-i tn what was necessary
to be done to carry into elleet the stipulation ni tha- treaty
of 184Q with Great Britain, relating to the exlr-idiliori of
fuifiuves from jiistice, at page IftK*. The  ynopi-is first
state* the testiniony ue< ^^ary to be produced co authorize
aMirrendei ; next, the mode of pn/ceduio; a*id la.-tly, the
decision m the case orcaenled. To preparo su<*ji a synopsis
lequired not only cure and attention, but aibo tlKmsjht, and
a thorough nndei^iandms of the points, decided in the Opin-
ion. f have looked tlnougb the book, and can ?ay vsith
truth, that the^e .-•ynop.ses have been well done. Of course,
no one hut a professional man, accustomed to digest in his
mind the details of co^es. eonld have exo< uted this portion
of the work, or was competent to i>C9 it thiough the press,
i tlftrefoie consider Mr. IIall's chaise as just and moderate.
I have the huiiorto be, recnectrullv, zu, \ our obedient
seivant, . "JOBKt T. REID.
Hon. j. j. Crittenden,
•Attorney GcniTal, United States.
These papers, Mr. President, were submitted
to the Committee on Finance; and that committee
adopted the amendment allowing $300 for clerk
hire, and a balance of;-'s933 to Air. Hall in full for
his services. It Was >een, then, that the services
of Mr. Hall were not merely those of a scribe or
yeeielary, but the services of a lawyer; and those
services have been performed with thp nkill, the
ability, and the learning of a lawyer. They have
hern well performed. The law officers interested,
in the subject certify to that.
There remains, then, only the single point raised
by the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Da\is] which war, made perhaps under a
mistake; and when I explain that mistake. I think
lie will withdraw his objection. At any rate, I
hope so. It appears that to these \olumes no
index hits been prepared. Those who know Ben-
jamin F. Hall as well as I do, would know, with-
out being told, that there must be some good
reason for such an apparent neglect. After this
amendment had been adopted by the committee
and reported to the Senate, and adopted by the
•Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, [Air, Clarke,] who is
now absent, called my attention to this subject,
and asked me how it happened that 1 could sup-
port tins chum; and indicated a disposition to op-
pose it, when it came before the Senate, on account
of this want of nn index. I thereupon wrote to
Mi. Hall, who was in attendance here for a con-
siderable time, but who is now engaged in profes-
sional and public duties elsewhere—he is the
Mayor of the city of Auburn—for an explanation,
giving him notice that some objections were likely
to be made to his account. Mr. Hall wrote to
me a full and elaborate letter, -md, without having
nny indications irom me, cs i w\r<? mmble to give
hnn any, as to the nature uf iho.-e objections, he
answered all the possible objection" which he
could conceive. He showed that, as to the length
of tune which was charged, these services were
rendered. He then proceeds to show thai, in re-
gard to the want of nn index, the law or resolution
under which the service was performed devolved
it upon the Clerk of the Hcrr-eof Representatives
to publish this book; that he, Mr. Kail, last year,
as i well knov, applied for leave to print this book
himself, or that lie might s"ppriiitend the printing
of it; hut no I'rrane'emetti: of that kind being mane,
this part of the service was performed by the
Clerk o^tue House of Repr^'.-enia'ives, sod these
Opinions were primed by him without, the knowl-
edge of Mr. Ha1!, and before he had time to ar-
rive here and preparean index. Every one knows
that no'iii'Jex con be made until the text is printed.
When he c.ime here, he found that the work was
presented to the public in that crude shape, for
which there was no manner of fault resting with
Air. Hall—the responsihibty resting with the
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
This letter was full and satisfactory upon that
noint. I waited upon the Senator from 'Biiode
island myself with that letter, and placed it in am
hands, and he read the letter and returned it to-
me, if I remember rightly, the next day; and
though it is hazardous to speak of private conver-
sation with a Senator upon a point upon which a
controversy might arise, J am free to say that I
