364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 13,
Will the gentleman alk.w
Mr. GOODENOW.
me to interrupt him ? j
Mr. CARTTEIt. No, sir; nut now. Even j
that assignment does not appear authenticated, but ;
appears in the doubtful character, that it was said
that he had received an assignment from his spin-
ster sisters in Great Britain of their claims to the
chivalry of their ancestor. Now this claim, it ap-
pears, passed through old Ben. Franklin's hands,
and Thomas Jefferson's too. How did it pass
through their patriotic hands r It was a good long
time ago. We Know the character of old Ben.
Franklin, and we know his character was brilliant
with justice and purity. How does it happen that
this man went unrewarded under the hand* of old
Ben. Franklin.1 I am told, too, that it parsed
through the patriotic supervision of Thomas Jef-
ferson. How does this happen, that this commit-
tee, seventy-five years afterwards, is wiser than
these patriotic men, under whose eye these things
transpired ? This is a mystery to me. This claim,
instead of growing strong and increasing in ex-
cellence by a^e, appears to be weakened by the
fact, thdt the actors m the drama of which this was
a part, suffered these men to «*o umewarded, and
left this Congress here m 3£52 to reward a man
who is said to be a grandson, for the prowess of
his ancestor—a British subject. My opinion is,
that it is all wrong.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 did not intend to offer a
word upon this subject; but ua T do notoften trouble
the House with my feeble voice, I ask permission
to make a few remaiks in reply to the* gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Cartter,] who has just taken
his seat. He speaks of the chivalry which we are
asked to reward. No attempt is made to establish
a claim upon the charity, the bounty, the justice
of this House upon anything of that kind. It js
the case of a man who was pressed into the ser-
vice o'* our country by nnother, who had the moral
right, to pledge the honor of our country wherever
he bore the ring nf thar country; nnd while thi> 
man was performing the duties incident fo his pro-
fession, he suffered the loss of tin arm, and when
p:ud for iu  profes-*;;>n« l services, he uv.h pionnstd
a pension to which an Americnn pilot would have
been entitled tor such a loss. The honorable gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Carttrr] .strengthens his
argument by referring; to the time to which th s
case has been postponed, and a-'ks why it is that
the case has never before been brought forward.
If there js strength m that question, the answer
to it gives move strength. If the report which lies
upon your desk 
Mr. CARTTER, (interposing.) The gentle-
man misunderstood me. I asked why it whs nut
granted ?
Mr. CTIANPLEK, (resuming.) Because he
was h< rdly pivpaivd n> !tc represented here, and
'here ysa (.'In ijitos, Cion ;is now, to raise hi>< voice
against !%><:• mere wnv .sonic rVom another Smuj
lo pnsipon* thai act of justice which fiom tune in
time has been solicited from us. The gentleman
tulks, too, of poytponn g tins species of pension,
and putting it off to the third generation. No
pension is asked for the grandson of this sufferer.
Kro money is asked to be given to him upon that
ground, but he come.} here and appeals to uurj us-
tice for the pension that was promised under the
faith of our nation—promised under the star-j and
striped—under the fla£ of our country, borne by
^Tohn Paul Jones. If we ful to make thai out—
if we fail to fulfill the promise of that j^reat repre-
sentative ofonr coftntrv, 1 .on ofroul that some of
the people will think that the name of that ship
was the represe. native of the onh* "good man"
there was about it. i.s if becoming the representa-
tives of twenty-three millions of people fo stand
caviling upon a few dollars, because something i~>
pleaded here of time pa-*!. They sav he was not
an American citizen. Why, sir, if he had been
an American citizen, he would hnve been fully rr-
warded perhaps by the result of that battle in
wnich he suffeied and which assisted in securing
the independence of our country. But he was not
ar Amencnn, and was forced into the position
against the feelings of a Briton. Because he was
forceu because he was compelled to serve in our
cause, are we not doubly bound to sustain the
promise msde to him in the name of the country?
Has this Congiess have the people of this coun-
try, or their representatives, ever doubted the ob-
ligations imposed upon them by Captain Paul
Jones? Certainly not. It has been delayed as
everything else has lu-en delayed here, from time
to time.
The man who becomes a petitioner to this
House, however just may be his claim, unless he
has security in some other position than this, to
force it through, he becomes in danger of losing
not only his claim, but his time and the money
which he may bring to enforce his claim here, or
to sustain him while he is enforcing it. Our delay
is proverbial. Shakspeare complains of the "law's
delay and the insolence of office." And men have |
a right to complain here of the law-makers' delay i
and the tardiness of office. For my own part, if j
I had met a descendant of that pilot on any shore j
in the world, I should have felt myself bound to |
satisfy his necessities and to have contributed not j
' only my portion of what was due to him upon that !
|, promise of John Paul Jones, but if I hud thepow- j
:! er, I should have paid to his latest generation '
I' every cent I hod. The Congress of the United ;
|l Siates protesting a claim of Paul Jones becnuse it j
|j is outlawed by time! But we are told that the :
|j British never pay. It has been the glory of that j
j. wrong-doing country that it always pays. It ;
paid the contemptible traitor who would have be- !
rrayed to them our fortress in New York. It paid
i him well in money, in position, and contempt, us
! every traitor deserves to he at the hands of an
: honest people, who may in the time of war have
employed him. Having impressed that man into
i the service of our country, and exposed him to
I the lofia of alimb, do we now say that the time has
! passed/—do we ulk of the chivalry1 Why, is
- that the chivalry in this Congress, that will suffer
: the promise of Paul Jones, made in the name of
| his country, to be nullified, non-fulfilled by that
; country ?
I do not wish to occupy the attention of this
' House further; but it appears to me to be one of
! those claims which, if it were not so well founded
i as it is, if would become us Americans to pass at
I once, pnd wash our hands ofsnch a chargc as we
[ may be liable to, by our neglect. Ler us not pro-
i test a draft upon our honor, and that of our ances-
' tors. I trust that not a word more will bethought
j necessary upon the question, and that we shell
; pass the bill as it is, and as it ought to be.
' Mr. MILLSON. Duringthesomewhatlemrthy
remarks of the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
j Ci.kvel \^oj he addressed to me a series of inqu-
iries, which I could not answer at once. I deter-
i mined to await the conclusion of his address in
: order that I might give a suitable time to a reply,
j The gentleman, however, after making an in-
j quiry—one of a series—paused and requested an
! immediate aftswer. In compliance with the gen-
{ tleman's request, 1 gave him as much information j
! as I could furnish, arid stated, in accordance with j
1 his own uriront entreaty, that 1 would, after he ,
! had finished hi* remarks, make the further re- !
' sponse which he seemed to unite. And for this I
the gentleman has remarked that I have declarer! j
. that 1 mean to enlighten the flotise upou this j
] question! ;
: Sir, the gentleman must have strong confidence i
i in hia own power to enlighten the House, for he 1
' gets up and declares that he knows nothing about :
the case; professes to be seeking information; j
| complains that the chairman of the committee who |
1 reported the bill did not volunteer to giveinforma- i
tion to the House, obtains but one reply—but one i
; item of information from the source to which he j
addressed himself, and that not at all favoring the ,
' views of the petitioners; and then starts away and .
' goes on to deliver an elaborate argument in favor I
i of the chum, the merits of which he seems to know ;
perfectly; and not only does he urge original argn-
, inents in favor of the claim, but he undertakes in
adwtnce to anticipate the aigurnenta which might j
1 be urged, and which he supposed would be urged
: ag/iinst him..
Now, I am not here a volunteer in this discus- [
sion. The House will do me the justice to recol- :
lee: that I exhibited nu disposition to take part in I
■ this controversy. The gentleman from Connect- |
, icut comes forward as a volunteer, and so exceed- i
mgly belligerent a d martial is his disposition, that j
1 he constrains me to offer such information to the j
House as I might possess, and then complains j
that I have come here to make opposition to this j
h claim. Sir, I have made no opposition to the :
p claim. I have exhibited no purpose to oppose it. i
I have said not a word in opposition to the views j
! of the petitioners. So far from it, the very first i,
thing I did—although myself opposed to the bill--
was to suggest that it should be passed oy, by
general consent, in order that the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Tuck,] who reported it,
might have an opportunity of vindicating it.
But since the gentleman from Connecticut seems
to suppose that it is the duty of the chairman of
the committee to give such information to the
House as may be in his possession, and as per-
haps it is a reasonable expectation that he should
do so, I will say that the claim is one which, after
examination, I cannot give my support to.
The committee are already aware that this* claim
originated very early in the revolutionary war.
This man, James Jackson, having boarded the ves-
: set commanded by Paul Jones, became, of course,
; a prisoner of war. He was detained as a prisonet
| of war, and his services as a pilot ,were demanded
; by Paul Jones. During an engagement that soon
: afterwards ensued, he had the misfortune to lose
an arm, aid Paul Jones then, sympathizing with
his position, made him a gratuity of one hundred
ducats, and gave him a paper by which he prom-
ised that Jackson should receive during his life-
time a pension from the United States.
Well, Jackson lost no time in preferring his
claim against the United States. The demand
was made against the Continental Congress, before
the adoption of the present Constitution. There
was, it is said, a favorable report made by the
committee to whom that claim was referred; but
certain it is, that Congress did not grant the claim.
They had then as ample materials for investigating
i its merits as we can possibly have at this time;
! but the claim was not allowed.
i It was subsequently renewed. In the year 1836,
} an application was made'to the Congress of the
. United States to redeem the promise made by Paul
j Jones, and an adverse report was made from the
| Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to which the
: petition had been referred. I have that report
j nere, but I do not deem it necessary to have it
! read. In the year 1842, the petition was again
! preferred, and a report was made from the Com-
! miitee on Na\al Affairs, rejecting the claim. I
I will send that report'to the Clerk to be read.
I The Clerk read the report, as follows:
! That this ca?e ha* been reported on l y various commit
! tees unfavorably. In 1841, it was referred to the Committee
; on Naval Affairs, who made the following report:
" Mr. Dickcrson, from the Committee on Naval Affaire,
: to whom was referred the petition of James Jackson, ie-
: ported:
! " That they find, among the papers submitted to them, a
! petition purporting to be the petition of James Jackson, of
j England, setting forth that his father, John Jackson, while a
i resident m England, was decoyed on board the Ameiican
! ship Bon Homme Richard, by Commodore John Paul Jones,
m 1779. and compelled to seive as a^pilot on boaid that
! ship: that he was in the action with the Serapis and Count-
1 ess of Scai borough, and in that action had his aim shot off,
and w ss ofborwi.M; wounded ; and that Commodoro Jou*"s
then pionnsed him that foti^res-, would pay him ,*300, ar.d
give him a suitable pen-uon tor life, and gave him a certifi-
cate to that crf'ect. That, for certain cause*., his father
never applied to Congress for the fulfillment of the promise
contained in this certificate; but, after hi* father's death,
he, the petitioner, with his brother and sister, delivered this
original ceruticate to Richard Tolue, Esq., Vice Consul of
the United States at Kmgston-upon Hull, in Great Britain,
who placed the papers in the hands of William Davy, Esq.,
then Consul of the United State3 for Kingston upo'n-Kull,
tor the purpose of forwarding them to the President of the
United States, with such request as might be proper m the
case. The petitioner claims the .$300 aria the amount of
pension to which hi3 father would have been entitled foi I.is
life. Tbi«? petition i-s i.ot even signed by the petitioner, arc.i
is no otherwise verified but by a certificate c.t Richer., Toi-
tie, the Vice Consul referied t<-> in the petition, who cOd-
firnis, generally, the facts stated in the petition; but the
certificate of Commodore .rone's, rwVir^d to in the pention,
is not produced, nor is theic any reason assigned why it i?
not produced.
u It does not appear when John Jackson died, but it must
have been a short time previous to the 17th \pril, 1834,
when the papers were delivered to the Vice Consul.
'5 Nn rc;i~on is aligned why John Jackson did noc make
the application in hn  lifetime, ile must have been r.n old
man, and the petitioner, James Jackson, was between forty
and fitty jears ot age before ins father's death.
'•'The committee are of opinion that the testimony ii, th«
case i« entirely too ioo«,e and unsatisfactory to make it th< ir
duty even to inquire whether the petitioner would be entitled
to relief if hts case was made out in point of fact."
Since this report was made, the certificate of Commodore
.Tones lias been found, by which it appears that there wa«
no promise to pay John Jackson $300, a? alleged by the
memorialist, nor Is the fact stated by him that the said John
Jackson was paid 100 ducats by Commodore Jones. Neither
is it a factthat John Jackson was decoyed on hoard the Ben
llornme Richard, but he boarded her in consequence of hi,i
own mistake, supposing her to be a British .ship. There
was, however, a promise by Commodore Jones to pay him
a pension; and, in 1785, the subject was brought before
Congress, but there has been no action upon it. The claim
of debt for the $300 not existing, and the pension not having
