2340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
the act had been passed; but from the first day of
Congress until this time, there has been no day
when they could not increase the compensation of
the Commissioner to China. The power of Con-
gress to increase that compensation is exercised
generally. It does not relate to this particular in-
dividual, but it relates to the office, and it exists
forever afterwards until repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest to him that the Committee on Finance
have instructed me to say that they are willing
that the amendment shall be voted down, and the
provision should be left as it came from the House?
We have a great many amendments to offer, and
but very little time to act upon them.
Mr. SEWARD. It leaves it, then, without
any kind of question. What I was going on to
say was, that the most that could be claimed was,
that there was an abuse or perversion of the Con-
stitution—a circuitous mode of getting round it.
But the Constitution is express, and we are to be
guided by its terms, and the Constitution is satis-
fied. We are to presume that the President of
the United States performed his duty in appoint-
ing Mr. Marshall to be Commissioner to China,
because the compensation had not then been in-
creased. We cannot know that it was at that
time in the contemplation of the President or the
Senate, that that compensation should be increased.
And acting now, the constitutional question can-
not be affected at all by our increasing the salary.
It brings about the question whether it is expe-
dient for us to increase this compensation. So
the question is reduced to one, simply, of expe-
diency.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President, it seems to me
there is no constitutional difficulty in the way of
the appointment in question, or of the legislation
which is now proposed. The appointment was
made while Mr. Marshall was eligible; the ap-
pointment was, therefore, constitutional. As to
the legislation now proposed, there is no constitu-
tional prohibition in relation to that.
The object of the constitutional provision was
to prevent the appointment of persons in office,
who might be induced, if not prohibited by such
a provision, to abuse their position by legislating
for their own benefit. In this case no legislation
had taken place during the period of the appointee's
service in Congress. He does not, therefore, it
seems to me, fall within the true meaning of the
prohibition. The office was not created during
the period either of the appointee's service, or
during the period for which he was elected. Nor
were the emoluments of the office previously in-
creased. I repeat, therefore, that there was nothing
to prevent his appointment by the President; and
I also repeat, that there is no provision, anywhere
in the Constitution, to prevent legislation to in-
crease the emoluments of an office filled by ap-
pointment previously. For these reasons, I see
no ground for the constitutional objection which
has been urged against the passage of the amend-
ment in question.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not think the gentlemen
have got so easily around the provision of the Con-
stitution. The Senator from Pennsylvania sug-
gests that this does not fall within the'spirit of the
Constitution, because the member had resigned
before the salary was increased. Now, if theCon-
stUution meant that, another phrase might have
been used, and it might have been said, " during
the time he is a member;" but the Constitution
has cautiously avoided the use of that language,
and said, "during the time for which he was
elected." Why, there is no mistaking the effect of
that. The evil meant to be avoided was, that a man
while he was a member of Congress, or during the
time he might have influence there, should bring
about a scheme of this sort, and then resign and
escape in a technical way the consequences which
the Constitution put upon it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I think there is no foundation
for the constitutional objection that has been
made. It is neither within the letter of the Con-
stitution nor its'spirit. The constitutional im-
pediment, I insist, must exist at the time of the
appointment, and that is the letter of the article
referred to. It is obvious, from the very nature
of the case, that the impediment must exist then,
or it does not exist at all. The letter of the Con-
stitution points to that construction, and you must
go against its letter to raise any objection. It
says: " No Senator or Representative shall, during
1 the time for which he was elected, be appointed to
4 any civil office under the authority of the United
4 States, which shall have been created, or the
4 emoluments whereof shall have been increased,
i during such time.'5 Not, "which shall be in-
creased," but " which shall have been increased."
Now, the question is, whether the President had
power to appoint this incumbent referred to.
Why, at the time when he appointed him, by and
with the consent of the Senate, there was no ob-
jection; there was no constitutional impediment in
the way. He was eligible, and the President had
the power to .appoint him. W hen the language is
" shall have been created during such time," it
means from the commencement of the term of the
time when he was appointed; not to a period that
accrued after the appointment.
Every word and every letter of this article of
the Constitution excludes the idea that the subse-
quent act of increasing the emoluments would cre-
ate an impediment to an appointment that already
existed. There is no foundation for the belief.
Besides that, the objection interposed by the
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt)
is of itself conclusive. It would be a transfer to
the legislative power of the Government of the
power of removing from office persons constitu-
tionally in office. That is unavoidable, because it
would follow that if two thirds of both branches
of Congress should persist in increasing the emolu-
ments of an office, when the President refused to
remove an incumbent, by that very act they would
displace an officer who had been previously con-
stitutionally appointed.
I think myself that there is no ground, either in
the letter of the Constitution or in its spirit, for
the objection made by the Senator from Rhode
Island. I agree that there may be a question of
expediency, if there has been any undue manage-
ment—if there is any ground to believe that we
ought not to increase the emolument. On such a
reason, then, it might be proper to allege it.
Otherwise, we have nothing to do with it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a provision in the
bill 44 for outfit of Ministers of the United States
to Great Britain, Prussia, and Mexico, $27,000."
Upon consultation with the Department, the Com-
mittee on Finance have found that it was not de-
sired to have an outfit for a Minister to Prussia.
I therefore move to amend the amendment, by
striking out {iPrussia," and also by striking out
"$27,000," and inserting "$18,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.HUNTER. I am also instructed, by the
Committee on Finance, to move to insert, 44 For
4 outfit of a Charge d'Affaires for Austria, the
' present incumbent having expressed an earnest
4 desire to be permitted to return home, $4,500."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HUNTER. I give notice that I shall offer
the amendment again after the bill shall have been
reported to the Senate.
In the provision providing 44 for the survey of
10,625milesof meridian,base, and standard lines,"
&c.,I move to strikeout 44 ten," and insert "two."
It has been a mistake of the printer that 10,625
was inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Finance to move to amend the bill
by inserting:
" To enable the President of the United States to make
compensation to the ^pani<h consul and other subjects of
Spain residing at New Orleans, and subjects of Spain at
Key West, for losses occasioned by violence hy a mob, in
the year 1851, arising from intelligence then recently re-
ceived at those places of the execution of certain persons
at Havana, who had recently invaded the Island of Cuba,
00!): Provided, That before payment he made under
this appropriation, the President of the United States shall
cause an investigation to be made of such alleged losses,
and that the same, together with the reasonable costs of
the investigation, shall he paid on the certificate of the Sec-
retary of State that the same are proven to the satisfaction
of the President."
Mr. CLARKE. I do not like the expression
" mob " m the amendment. It appears to me
that it does not look well to apply it to the South;
it might do very well for the North.
Mr. WELLER. Say public meeting.
Mr. CLARKE. Public meeting, mass meet-
ing, or filibustering—anything: of that kind.
Mr. HAMLIN. It seems to me that this is a
very curious amendment. I do not know that we
are bound to use strangers better than our own
citizens; but really it seems to me that we are
under no obligations to the citizens of a foreign
Government which are superior to those that we
owe to American citizens. I presume that when we
have mobs at the North, the Government does not
pay for the destruction thereby occasioned.
Mr. MASON. Compensation for these losses
was made the subject of a special message of the
President of the United States to the Senate. It was
considered by the Senate, and a bill was passed by
this body in the same terms almost as this amend-
ment. It. was considered, and I agreed in that
view, a matter of some moment in the present con-
dition of our relations with Spain, that these losses
should be compensated. There is no other mode
of doing it than by putting this provision m the
bill.
Mr. CLARKE. I should like to ask my hon-
orable friend from Virginia whether the President
ever recommended that there should be an appro-
priation made for any destruction of property oc-
casioned by a mob ?
Mr. MASON. I will strike out that word.
Mr. CLARKE. I do not like the word. It
conflicts with my ideas of propriety.
Mr. WELLER. You had better call it as they
do in my country—a Vigilance Committee.
Mr. CLARKE. I do not like the phrase
"mob." Besides, I would suggest, that if that
had been the communication made by the Presi-
dent of the United States, it was one reason why
he was not nominated, because he dared to call a
public excitement a mob. [Laughter.]
Mr. RUSK. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out the words " hy a mob," so that it
shall read, " for losses occasioned by violence in
the year 1851."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CLEMENS. I want the amendment read
again. I want to hear something more about the
facts of the case. My recollection of them, I
think, is pretty accurate, but I want to see
whether there is anything that will justify the
Congress of the United States in paying for those
losses. 1 recollect that some time ago a church was
burned near Boston, and I think that the Catho-
lics would have about as much right to compen-
sation for that as these men for compensation for
these losses. I recollect a still later case: There
was property destroyed in the city of Baltimore,
within forty miles of us; but we never thought of
paying for that. I recollect again, that in Phila-
delphia a great deal of the same sort of destruction
was carried on; but it was never thought that the
Government should pay for it. I think we are
about as much entitled to pay for one as the other.
I want to hear the amendment read, and to hear
any special reasons to be assigned for it, and then
I want the privilege of recording my vote against
it.
The amendment was read.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am sorry to hear the
Senator from Alabama say that he wants to record
his vote against the amendment. I wish to say
to him that it is based upon this principle, which
the Committee on Foreign Relations thought it
proper to apply to international courtesy and in-
tercommunication. We are under obligations to
protect the citizens of foreign countries visitingus
for purposes of commerce, just as those foreign
countries are under obligation to protect our citi-
zens when they go there for purposes of that sort.
Therefore,in relation to foreign countries, there is,
as I conceive, a different principle to be apolied
from that which applies to our own citizens, sub-
ject to our own municipal laws. If there had been
a treaty guarantying this protection between the
two countries, there could have been no doubt
about it at all. In the absence of a treaty, I con-
ceive that these international courtesies and inter-
communications fall within the scope of protection
which one Government owes to the citizens of
another, which justifies the appropriation pro-
posed to be made on this occasion. This takes
the appropriation out of the operation of prin-
ciples which apply to the case of mobs which
burn churches, and all other mobs, by our own
citizens destroying the property of citizens. If
you would claim from other Governments indemni-
ties for trespasses which may be committed with-
in their jurisdiction, you ought to set the exam-
ple that you are willing, in reference to their citi-
zens, to make provision for them.
