1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2341
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President, it may he
that I am mistaken in my memory with regard to
this matter; but it does not seem to me to be pos-
sible that I can be so. These men were cigar-
dealers, grocery-dealers, oyster-house keepers—
men who had been in the city of New Orleans
for ten or fifteen years, but who claimed, it is true,
to be subjects of Spain, because they had never
been naturalized. They had been for years lesi-
dents of the city of New Orleans. ^They had
enjoyed the protection of the laws of the State of
Louisiana; and this destruction of their property
originated from what was supposed, at the time,
by the people to be an undue amount of exulta-
tion manifested by them at the destruction of our
citizens in the Island of Cuba. Fifty citizens of
the United States were murdered in Cuba; and it
was the impression ambng the populace of New
Orleans, that these men had manifested an undue
amount of exultation over that fact. The conse-
quence was, that the people destroyed their prop-
erty. "Where is the obligation on the part of the
Government to pay for it? They had the same
remedy which citizens of the United States would
have had under similar circumstances. And if cit-
izens of the UnitedStates had behaved as they did,
they would have been subjected to the same pen-
alties, no matter where they were. I am glad
that it is so. I am glad to say that there is not a
Suite in this Union, from Maine to Louisiana,
where such manifestations over such events can
be made without exciting public indignation. The
destruction of property was the result of these
manifestations.
These men were bad men any way. They kept
bad houses. They were disreputable men—men
who had no claim at any time upon the sympa-
thies of the community.
These I understand to be the facts of the case.
They are the facts, certainly, as they were pro-
mulgated in the newspapers at the time; and I have
not seen them contradicted. I want to know what
right these men have to come here now, and de-
mand that we shall pay for their losses under such
circumstances? Why, did any foreign Govern-
ment ever ask for redress from us under similar
circumstances? It is a case unprecedented in our
annals, and it is a case against which I want to
record my vote; although I regret to hear the Sen-
ator from Kentucky say that he intends to record
his vote for the proposition. Sir, he has been led
astray in regard to the matter. He does not know
as much about this case as I do, or else 1 have
been totally misinformed in relation to the facts.
These men saw proper to excite a popular mob,
and they felt the results of it. The laws are open
to them; let them seek redress where an American
citizen would have to seek it.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, there is certainly
no obligation on the part of the Government of
the United States to compensate for losses sus-
tained by popular violence in any of the States;
but it is not upon that ground that this amendment
is based. It is known, as a part of the history of
the day, that as soon as intelligence arrived at New
Orleans of the murder—as the gentleman calls it—
of the putting to death of those citizens of the
United States who had invaded Cuba, it produced
intense excitement at New Orleans, whence the
expedition had sailed. Immediately there was a
great degree of popular violence manifested there,
which resulted first in depredation to a very great
extent upon the property and person of the Span-
ish consul at New Orleans. Now, the Spanish
consul was under the protection of the Govern-
ment of the United States, and whatever losses
resulted to him anywhere within the limits of
the United States from popular violence, it was
certainly the duty of the Government to make
good.
We know, also, that bv the interposition of the
Minister of the United States at Spain—unoffi-
cially, for he could not demand it as aright—under
instructions from his Government, the Q,ueen of
Spain was induced to grant a free pardon of those
of the invaders of Cuba, who had been sent to
Spain, and they were allowed to return home.
Under these circumstances, the President of the
United States thought it to be his duty to ask of
Congress, by law—upon the application of the
Spanish Minister here, most urgently and repeat-
edly instigated to him by his own Government—
to provide for compensating any actual losses sus-
tained by the Spanish consul, which we were
bound to do; and also the losses of Spanish sub-
jects at these places.
Now, the ground upon which the committee
proceeded, and upon a bill for this purpose passed
m the Senate without any opposition, was this:
that, in fact, this injury had been committed to
Spanish subjects, not for any offense which they
had committed, but for an imaginary offense com-
mitted by their sovereign, through the authorities
of that sovereign at Cuba, against citizens of the
United States. It was because of the act of the
Ciueen of Spain, in granting this free pardon to
citizens of the United States who had been sent
to Spain, and because it was at the request of
Spain that it should be done, that the President
made the recommendation, and the Senate con-
curred in it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not intend to enter
into any discussion, particularly with the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Relations, as to
the question of obligation. I would remark to him,
however, that there are cases of positive and direct
obligation. Suppose the diplomatic agent to a
foreign nation should not receive from the country
to which he was sent the protection to which he
was entitled under the laws of nations, could it be
said in that case (if it had occurred here) that there
would have been no obligation upon the Govern-
ment to indemnify that diplomatic agent, to whom
we owe protection in every instance for losses
which violence committed upon him may occa-
sion? There is an instance which illustrates the
principle. It is discretionary whether you extend
it to citizens or not.
I hold that it is the obligation of every civilized
country, whether it he State or Federal, as m our
case, to extend protection to that class of citizens
or subjects of foreign countries who happen to fall
within its peculiar jurisdiction. But I will not
press this view.
The ground upon which the question was put
before the Committee on Foreign Relations, in a
great degree, was the magnanimity of the Queen
of Spain in liberating those individuals after they
had been sent across the ocean, and permitting
them to return home. We wished to showa mark
of courtesy and respect for that magnanimity, in
conceding a boon, if you so regard it, in making
this concession to the subjects of Spain. The
very fact that I have not known the subjects of
this violence, as my friend from Alabama says he
has, shows that 1 had no opinions to warp my
judgment, as 1 am afraid has been the case with
him. I know nothing about them; and 1 have
presented the case in a perfectly disinterested atti-
tude, where I could decide purely upon the prin-
ciples and considerations I have suggested.
Mr. CLEMENS. It has been suggested to me
that perhaps it would be desirable to have a fuller
Senate in order to vote upon this proposition. I
am willing to vote upon it now; but, as the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance has suggested
to me the propriety of laying it over, and taking
up other amendments, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to pass this amendment by,
until the others shall have been acted upon.
There being no objection that course was pur-
sued.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the clause
" for contingent expenses of foreign intercourse,
$30,000," by striking out "30," and inserting
" 40," so as to make the amount $40,000. Tins
is the secret service fund. The original estimate
was for $40,000. The House cut it down to
$30,000; but since that time the Secretary of State
addressed us a communication saying that the sum
asked for in the original estimate would be neces-
sary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to insert the following:
For compensation for two additional day watchmen, to
be employed in preserving the public grounds about the
Capitol, authorized by the act of 15th May, 1850, to supply
deficiencies, and also the act of the 30th of September
1850, making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government, at $500 each, §L,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior, under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, to purchase a site,
containing not less than ten, nor more than fifteen acres of
land, in the neighborhood of Washington, for the erection,
furmslmur, and fitting up of an asylum for the insaneof the
District o? Columbia, and of the Army and Navy of the
United States, $100,000: Provided, That the whole expense
of purchasing the site, the erecting and furnishing and
fitting up of the building shall not exceed the sum herein
appropriated.
That is in pursuance of estimate. There "was an
annual appropriation formerly made for supporting
the insane of the Districtof Columbia in the Mary-
land hospital. That hospital will not now lioid
them. An effort was made to obtain a place for
them in Virginia and Pennsylvania; but the hos-
pitals in both places are full. The only chance,
then, for them is to build a hospital here, and it
was thought that it might have an unhappy effect
upon the lunatics to confine them in a place not
suitable for them. Hence the necessity for the
appropriation. It ought to be made at once.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
insert after the appropriation inclosing Lafayette
Square, the following:
" For defraying the expenses incurred in tlie improve-
ment of Lafayette Square, 3,938."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next is to insert in the
clause, " for the erection of the west wing of the
Patent Office Building, $150,000," after the word
" Building," the words "and completing the
drains for said building, and for the Post Office
Building."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
add to the clause making an appropriation for the
branch Mint in California, the following:
" And the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
contract for a term of not more than oneyear, and upon the
most reasonable terms, not exceeding one per cent., with
the proprietors of one, and, if practicable, with those of
more than one, assaying establishment in California, upon
satisfactory security, to be adjudged by him, who shall dis-
chaige the duties prescribed,and in the mannerdesignated
by the act making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Governmentfor the year ending 30th
June, 3851 ; and no gold or silver, other than coin of the
standard fineness of "the United States, or foreign coin, in
the manner prescribed by existing laws, shall be receivable
in payment of dues to the United States; and hereafter no
greater compensation than one per cent, shall be required
by the proprietors of any assaying establishment in Califor-
nia for seivices prescribed in the act herein recited."
That has the assent of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and of the California delegation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
insert at the end of the firstsection, the following;
"To enable the Secretary of State to purchase one hun-
dred copies of the Synoptical Index, to complete the series
of the Statutes at Large, heretofore authorized by law, at
$3 50 per volume, $350."
In the deficiency bill we made an appropriation
for the Statutes, but the estimate for the Synopti-
cal Index was omitted.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not know how many
will agree with me, but I wish to express the
opinion that I entertained at the time we first un-
dertook to get the Synoptical Index—that it is not
worth the paper upon which it is printed. It
affords no facility for consulting the Statutes. It
is no better, in any respect, than the indexes we
have attached to each volume of the laws; and it
gives rise to trouble rather than facilitates the
search for the particular acts which it is desired to
consult. For this reason I shall not vote for the
amendment.
Mr. CASS. I have had occasion to look over
the Indexes, and more miserable things were
never presented to us. They are not worth one
straw.
Mr. PEARCE. I have had frequent occasions
to use the Synoptical Index, which supplies defi-
ciencies in the other indexes, and I have found it
exceedingly useful. I think it is a good index.
It is not perfect, I admit. It would be very diffi-
cult to get a perfect one.
Mr. CASS. Under whose direction were the
indexes got up ?
Mr. PEARCE. The indexes of the laws are
made by the publishers. I suppose the Senator
refers to that edition.
Mr. CASS. I refer to any edition that I have
seen.
Mr. PEARCE. The Synoptical Index is agreat
help, as any gentlemanwho has occasion to use it
as often as I have had, will find.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
strike out of the following clause the words in
italics:
