1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
been allowed by the United States, the committee, without
going into the question how far a right would have accrued
to the memorialist had the promise of Commodore Jones
been recognized by Congress, do not discover any ground
upon winch a claim cmi 1*5 made by the petitioner.
.Mr. MILLSON", (resuming.) I have now, in
compliance with the request of thegentleman from
Connecticut, given to the House all the informa*
lion which I possess in reference to this case. I
have not, attempted to argue it. I have simply laid
before the House such facts as I was informed of.
Nov, I do not know why this claim was not
allowed by the Continental Congress. There is,
however, very strong reasons for the conclusion
that they had some information at that day which
we do not possess now. I
[Here a message was received from the Pre,si- !
dent ot the United States, by M. P. Fillmore, !
Esq., h:s Private Secretary.] j
Mr. M. continued: Whilst I was ready at all j
times to answer any questions that might be put !
to me, I had no disposition to take part in this de- |
bate. I did not intend to do so until I was ah so- t
lutely compelled to say what i have said, by the !
reediest of the gentleman from Connecticut. ' j
•This much, nowever, I will say, in conclusion, ;
in reference, not only to this case, but to all the
cases which come before this House. I have
long thought that no claim should be allowed by
the Co stress oi the United States, unless it was
o u el' established as to preclude every reasonable
doubt. Remembei that these petitioners who
come, seeking the aid of Congressional legislation,
select their own evidence; they take the affidavits
of such witnesses only as wiil forward then* de-
mands: and they take very good care not to seek
evidence in those quarters where its effect would be
disadvantageous, and" the United States have no
privilege of cross-examination. The case is wholly
aiid stncfly ex parte. The ver</ shaping of the
affidavits themselves is left to the petitioner or his
counsel, and it may very well happen that a wit-
ness is made to say who the never intended to say,
by the adoption of a particular phraseology in re-
hearsing his testimony. The applicant, is not
barred by any rejection of his claim. He has the
pm ilege of eommg again and again and asking
'hat rohef which may have been twenty times
dallied. If with all these advantages—the advan-
tage of selecting his own opportunity of present-
ing the '•hihn. the right to select his own witnesses',
exempt ;<w fh.in the embarrassment of a cross-
examination, the piivilege of .«ivin^ body and
form to his own testimony, and the right to'repeat
his demand after twenty rejections of his claim—
if, 1 say, with nil these advantages, he is not en-
abled to establish his claim to the satisfaction of
the House, and without a reasonable doubt, then
it does seem to me that the Houro should refuse
the relief which is sought. |
My opinion has been asked about this chum, j
and therefore I will say, without giving any of:
the reasons suggested by tlmt opinion, that 1 nm ,
not satisfied of the justn e of the 'daim,and that )t :
ray mtenuou >o have given a ;<i!ent vote ;
-!gd:nst thf  bill.
Mr. HUNTER, f nm not going to .-nter into !
a discussion as to the merits of this claim at all.
But :he gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Ci mt> >
land] requested, that whoever made the motion |
to lay this bill aside with a recommendation that :
it do n*ji pass, would withdraw that motion. 1 !
made that motion, and I wish to say to the gen- j
ileman from Connecticut, that I cannot withdraw |
it, and I wil! give him the reasons very briefly. j
I listened with a great deal of attention to the j
argument of the gentleman from New Hampshire, j
;Mr. Tuci?,J who made the report in this case, !
and who seemed deeply interested in getting the j
'•omniittee to pass the btll, but there was nothing |
in that argument, or m the evidence adduced, ;
which went to convince me that this man is the |
heir of John Tackson at oil. After having inves- j
o go ted the case ns far ns I was pble, I have come ,
to the conclusion, that this claimant has never es- j
tnblished the slightest right to receive one dollar !
at our hands.
That is the reason why I made the motion, that j
this bill be laid aside to be reported to the House, '
with a recommendation that it do not pass.* I j
hope that motion will prevail. At all events, I !
shall not withdraw it. |
Mr. BOWIE. I ask that the bill may again be j
read.
565
I; The Clerk read the bill.
!, Mr. BOWIE. If I correctly understood the
!'honorable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
ie son,] and the honorable gentleman from Ohio
j who has just taken his seat, the most serious ob-
jection urged by them to this bill, is a doubt ns
; to the true character of the parties now petitioning
, for relief.
Mr. HUNTER. I will say to the gentleman
j from Maryland, that although that is one obiec-
j tion with me—and an insurmountable one—to'the
! allowance of this claim, I have other very jrreat
' objections to it.
i Mr. BOWIE. I address myself now to the oh-
; jections which have been urged upon this floor, as
| to the reality of the heirs petitioning- for relief.
I If gentlemen have attended to the reading; of the
: WW, thev will observe that it directs the Secretary
| of the Treasury to pay this money to the legal
! heirs of John Jackson. Now, I apprehend it will
j be incumbent upon the Secretary of the Treasury,
I if this bill passes——
I Mr. MILLSON. Will (lit gentleman allow nie
j a word of explanation ?
! Mr. BOWIE. Certainly.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not mean to be under-
stood as sayina; that the principal objection I have
to the bill is, that there is not suificient prnnfthst
the present claimant is the heir of John Jackson.
In response to an inquiry of the ^entlenion from
Connecticut, I said that 1 did net, feel s.H,sm>d of
that proof; but 1 never said that was the only ob-
jection I had to the bill. I recollect that in com-
mittee, with a view to obviate thnt possible objec-
tion, it was agreed that the money should be pay-
able—if paid at all—to the legal representatives of
! till^ mnn.
| Mr. BOWIE. Supposing thnt objection to have
! weighed with other members of the House, as it
certainly did with me, I will ask the indulgence of
the committee for a few moments while I advert
to it.
It )s certainly clear, from the language of the
bill, their it will become incumbent upon the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, if this hill passes, t<> lake
every leiral precaution to ascertain who are the
heirs of John Jackson. If such proof the
common law requires to establish the existence of I
that heirship is not submitted to him, the Treas- I
urv will never h:ive to pay this claim. |
Putting out ot view, then, tins objection, which ,
f think js sufficiently answered by the brief re- !
marks I have made, it -seems to nv-rhat there never ;
was stronger appeal to the sense of justice of i
tliis House than is now made to it. Il>>cjsa '
person who was one of the first victims of the i
Revolution on the sea—a man exhibiting to tins '
House the bond of the nation written in the blood i
of its first victories, and asking that the faith of j
the nation, pledged under those solemn cimim- 1
stances, sluill be redeemed. ;
What answer c;m you give' Gentleman say j
there is not sufficient evidence—they say the claim j
is a. stale one. Those gentlemen have* forgotten I
that it <omes here induced bv the Congress of !
1?^ . They have forgotten that the claim presents \
'>•1 its face the certificates of members of Congress f
in the year 37^5. Tt is ;• claim, not only for fTie j
loss of an arm—for premature mutilation—but it ;
is a claim for saving the lives of twenty sudors of !
the s!pp of war Bon Homme Richrird. If g<m- j
tlemen will turn to th#- report, they wil! find it
stated that—
"Jfciurther appears to \our committee, from a letter of
Captain Jones. that the sooond hcut<Miatit<u the Hon liommc
Rn-hard was--, with tvventv other-, at the tune of the buttle
with the Serapjs* on hoard J.ick<-ou^ pilot bo-it. und tlmt
when Captain Jone.-- found n impo>^<ble to prevent the
Hon Homme Richard from Kinking. lae'i-orr-' pilot boat
was oi Modular scivice in saving the men, pmicuf.ttly
the wounded, some of w/iom, faptam Jones is persuaded,
would ha\e been drowned had not he b-eu fonn.-h'-d with
the means of saving them.
Here is the most conclusive proof that the lives
of twenty seamen who first embarked in the war
of the Revolution, and who were subjected to all :
the hazards of that war—that twenty men were j
saved through the agency of this man", and that he !
not only s-ived them, but reduced himself to want '
by the "hazards which he involuntarily incurred. :
Gentlemen tell us that he is entitled to no merit ;
because he was an Englishman—because he wnsa ,
subject of the British Government. Mr. Chair- j
man, hos the British Government noted upon :hat
principle towards us? Have they refused t'j pa.*.
a descendant of one who rebelled against them?
Nay, are we not witnessing day after day the
most honorable exhibition upon the part of that
Government—of tlie payment of claim's to the heirs
ot those who emigrated to this country half a cen-
tury ago ? T think we may well be instructed by
our enemies, it we are to regard the British nation
as our enemy. Let us at least follow their exam-
ple m meting out justice in regard to this claim.
It is not a stale claim, and it is not, in my judg-
ment, a doubtful one. * It has received the sanction
of tne men ot tne Revolution—men who were ac-
quainted with all the circumstances of the ease.
It is not, as has been said, involved in the sus-
picion that it has never been asserted in the life-
time ot the claimant. Gentleman are mistaken
wtien they suppose so. It is true that there is no
evidence that the claimant, in his lifetime, came to
the doors of our predecessors—came to the doors
of Congress and invoked relief. No, theGovern-
ment ot that day did not require that a petition
should bepresented. The Minister of Foreign Af-
fairs then called the attention of Congress to the
payment of tins debt. Our records establish this
fact beyond all doubt. Then it was considered of
sufficient dignity and importance to require the
first officer of the Government to call the attention
of Congress to this claim. But now no claim can
be established in Congress without not only being
indorsed by the Government, but it. must also be
sustained by political influence. Now I hope
gentlemen will take some interest in this claim. I
hope they will set an example of their determina-
tion to examine privatechums and to sustain them
whenever they are found to be well founded.
I beg leave to advert for a moment to an im-
portant idea thrown out by the honorable gentle-
men from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] that we
should not grant any claim presented here, unless
it is established beyond ail doubt, because the tes-
timony is ex parte. Whose fault, I ask, is that?
Has this Government established any tribunal in
which examination on both sides can be had?
Have not the people of the United States, time
after time, invoked this House to establish a com-
mission of claims by which the rights of the Gov-
ernment would be protected ? How can the evi-
dence be otherwise than ex parte., under the present
circumstances, in the establishment of a claim?
Surely, then, that which is a political necessity,
should not be raided ns an objection against this
clann. Let the Government establish a tribunal,
and let it throw open the doors of justice. Let it
establish the oidinary means of proof, or not ex-
clude petitioneis who have not established their
claims by unquestionable evidence. Do not let us,
who at e the representatives of the people, throw
th: t blame upon our constituents who are asking
justice at the hands of the powers that be.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will thegentleman allow
me to su  to one fact before the question is taken ?
I desire to askif this claim has not been examined
thoroughly both in this Hall find at the other end
of the Capitol: I le^rn that a bill relating to this
case was passed by both Houses, and that it wos
lost on its way from this House to the President's
HoUSf .
! (Cries of " Cluesrion " Question !"j
| Mr. CLEVELAND. When gentlemen ie-
i prou< h others with not becoming acquainted with
' lep'uis until the cases to which they refer come
j up here for action, I must beg to refer them to the
i fd'T, that this House was organized in the appoint-
! ment of its committees with reference to the opin-
j ions of members, and not their merits; hence gen-
1 {leroen should not come here and reproach those
1 who were not quite as fortunate as themselves, if
1 it be fortunate, m bein<r selected ns one of the
| favored few. It is certainly, in my judgment, not
! becoming gentlemen occupying those posts, under
i such circumstances, to reproach others because
| thev take pari in the business of the House for
j which they are m part responsible.
Mr. DANIEL.' I rise to a question of order,
j I think the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
! Clk\ klanp] has already spoken twu or three times
! upon this bill.
The CHAIRMAN. No other gentleman claimed
the floor, and therefore it was in order for,the gen-
tleman from Connecticut to speak. If any other
: gentleman had claimed the floor, the Chair would
I not have awarded it to that gentleman.
Mr. CLEVELAND, (continuing.) My only
.Hill' «.•_  irwiv-M ,4... J/U. j ■ Hit. / • ' . *
he claims of an American citizen because he was !! wish was to elicit from the gentleman from Vir
