185*.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•1477
understood from thatSenator that he was satisfied,
and wo aid not raiseany objection in theSenate. On
that ground I wrote to Mr. Hail—as I heard no
objections, and knew of none from any other
source, that the matter was at rest, so that it was
not necessary for him to come here. 1 anticipated
no objection, and consequently h;s letter was left
at homo. 1 shall be obliged to ask that the Senate
will allow this matter to be laid over m order that
I may present that letter, which will state the facts
moie explicitly than I can give them from mem-
ory; for I may have done injustice to the Clerk of
the House of Representatives, which, of coursc, is
undesigned. 1 think, if the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has had some recent conversation with
the Senator from Rhode Island, he would be sat-
isfied with the understanding I had with him upon
this subject.. That is the impression which I had,
and I submit that it is not the fault of Mr. Hall
that the index was not made, and that he ought
not therefore to lose hi>: compensation. The \^ork
was printed from lus manuscripts.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no objection to the post-
ponement o." this subject, so th.it the Senator can
send for his papers.
The PRESIDENT. It cannot be postponed.
Mr. DAVIS. I supposed it could he postponed
by unanimous consent.
'Mr. HALE. I object.
Mr. HUNTER.. Js the question on the amend-
ment?
The PRESIDENT. It is on an amendment to
the amendment. There is a motion made to strike
out that part of the amendment which makes an
appropriation for compiling- the Opinions of the
Attorneys General.
Mr. DAVIS, i merely wish to say, m justifi-
cation of myself, that, I made ihe objection under
whnt I believe to he, and as i thought I knew to
be, the wishes of the Senator from Rhode Island.
But in that I might be mistaken, because, after
speaking to him, he may have changed his opinion.
But suehj understood to be his views, having en-
tered into this subject and mode an investigation
of it. it will be, after all, for the Senate to decide
—this gentleman having received s/3,000—vvhethei
thermae compilation of these books would em-
ploy an astute lawyer, a gentleman of cluuacter
and* repeal ion, for the term of one year and more.
These \ -'.nnv > are nothiug hut a t>*nuscript of the
original Opinions of the Attorneys General, found,
I suppose, citherm print, or on the flics in the
office of the Attorney Genera!. The whole labor
of this gentleman consign in merely making the
condensed tables at the h M<J of each of the Opin-
ions, stating very In telly the contents of the Opin-
ions. Thus the books are made up. a.id tlieie is
all the work, ail the. l.ibor, all tneintelligence, and
all tne learning which is required to make up such
a compilation.
Mr. COOPER. I desire to ask a question,anil
perhaps the Senator from Massachusetts can an-
swer me. "Was there not a compilation previously
made, in 3840 or 3842; and doe's not this compila-
tion comprise a pari of that? It is my impression
that it does.
Mr. DAVfS. I am unable trt say, but I have
seen many of these Opinions m print.
Mr. FELCH. if the Senator will allow me, 1
will answer that question. There have been two
or three compilations on dirteient subjects. In
connection with the pension laws there was an ab-
stract of the Opinions of the Attorneys General re-
lating to the pension laws. There were also pub-
lished two volumes upon the land laws; and one,
the last of the two, embraces the Opinions of the
A'torneys General routing to tne public lands,
mo to the da'e of this publication. Upon some
one or two other snineot-, there have been compi-
lations,and they are'dircuixednndera pioperheud
and together, ana have an muex added, so that it
in much moie convenient to make a reference to
them than to the books now published .which have
no index, and which -o-* without oider.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ha\e no intelligence which au-
thorjzes me to say that there was a distinct publi-
cation of the Opinions of the Attorneys General
up to a certain period of t.me, as intimated by toe
Senator fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cooper;] but
the question to which I wish to call the^attcntion
of the Senate is this: TVs book is nothing but a
mere collection of the.se Opinions; there is no men-
tal labor, no learning required*, all the ability that
is required is merely sufficient to state, as in the
manner here stated, thesubstance of each Opinion.
And then the book is left without an index.
If I can understand the circumstances connect-
ed with this proceeding, the Attorney General has
paid this gentleman $2,000, but he was unwilling
to accept that in full satisfaction of his claim; and
the Attorney General, under any authority that
he possessed, declined to pay more, and the mat-
ter remained for the consideration of Congress. I
do not understand that the Attorney General feels
desirous that this sum should be paid. Nor am I
authorized to say that he expresses any opinion
directly to the ccmtrary; but, from all the circum-
stances, I should judge that he considered that an
ample equivalent nas been paid for the service. I
desire, also, that an ample equivalent should he
paid; but I cannot understand how it is that the
compilation of these two volumes, being partly
made up from extant printed Opinions, and partly
from manuscrint, should be worth more than
$2,000.
I do not wish to detain the Senate any longer
by the consideration of this topic. They may dis-
pose of it as they please.
Mi. COOPER, i hold in my hand a volume
containing the Opinions of the Attorneys General,
published under n resolution ofthe House of Rep-
resentatives, in 1841. I see, on looking at the
book, for which payment is now claimed, that, it
begins with the Opinion of Mr. Randolph—it be-
gins with the same Opinion which stands first in
the old compilation. The latter comes down to
1837, and embraces the opinions of Mr. Butler,
who was Attorney General during the admirns-
tuUion of Martin Van Buren. So that it would
appear that there has been nothing to .do in the
compilation of this new book, beyond preparing
the syllabuses which appear in it.
Mr. HALE. I hope that a vote will be taken,
This man will get his money. If he does not get
if here, an estimate will be filed away in some De-
pal tment, and the money will be paid. Let us
have a vote.
Tne question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, E ask for a
division.
The PRESIDENT. The.question is decided.
Mr. SEWARD. I was on the floor before the
vote was announced. 1 had no opportunity to
slate my request, and 1 think that the question
was not understood.
The PRESIDENT. As the Senator says he
was on the floor, the question will be taken again.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for a division.
The question was again taken, and there were—
ayes 30, noes not counted.
"So the amendment to the amandment war.
agreed fo. «
Mr. HALE. 1 move to strike out the next
clause. It is nothing in the world but a private
claim. Itis: "Forpaymentto Augustus Humbert,
4 of balance of his salary, as United States assayer
4 of pold in California, under the act of Septem-
< her? 1850, #1,250."
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment was put in
upon estimates from the Treasuiy Depaitment.
It was said to be important, in order to k^ep the
assay office in operation. I do not know that it can
come under the denomination of a private claim.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I withdraw my mo-
iion, 1 always yield to the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment was 1
to strike out the words " one thousand," and in- !
sert" twelve hundred," in the item providing]
compensation of extra clerks, employed in the j
office of the Commissioner of Pensions. The ob- |
ject of the amendment is to provide that no clerk J
{-.hall receive more than at the rate of $1,200 per 1
annum, under this act.
Tht amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment is 1
to insert the following: j
For expends of establishing the bupeiintendency of In- j
dian Affair* in California, authorized by The act ot i
Marrh, 1852, viz . j
For «alaiyof superintendent, .5*1.318 6S.
For salary of clerk, $824 1/.
For rent of office for supenntpridcut, £1,000.
For stationery, fuel, lights, See., for office of superintend-
ent,
Foi messenger, expenses, &c., $400.
For labor, miscellaneous items, and contingent expenses
of the supermtendency, $275.
For presents and provisions for Indians visiting superin-
tendent on official business, $1*009.
For traveling expenses of the superintendent and the
necessary attendants, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The next amendment j*
to insert the following;
For furniture for superintendent's office, $1,000.
For tr?n «a'e for superintendent's office, $1,000.
For (Jnitcd Stares flags, tor distribution among the tribes,
$6 o. x
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
i by striking out the first clause which relates to the
, furniture for the superintendent's office. I hope
| the Senate will not agree to thafcamendment, as it
i now stands.
| The question was taken on the motion to strike
| out the clause, and it was decided in the negative.
! Mr. HALE. Before the vote is taken on the
1 adoption of that amendment, I wish to ask if it is
j common to furnish Indian superintendents with
j furniture, and for what other classes of officers we-
: should provide furniture, because I think if this
I system is to go on, we ought to have our own
j rooms furnished. I think, sir, it is contrary to
I all propriety. There is a principlegrowing up in
I regard to this matter which I think ought to be
: checked. I have shown that it has been growing
: as exemplified in the case of superintendents of
j navy-yards. I believe I have shown that to the
| satisfaction of everybody, except the Senator from
1 North Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. And the rest of the Senate.
I [Laughter.]
| Mr. HALE. No, sir, everybody but the Sen-
j ator from North Carolina. The practice has
! grown up of furnishing the officers of navy-yards
i with furniture; and here is a new class of officers
| coming and asking to bo furnished with furniture.
I f think we ought to stop where we are.
| Mr. ATCHISON. I believe that in the office
j of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, the furni-
j ture consists of a desk, chairs, and other articles
1 necessary for the use of the office. It is not to
| furnish a house or a bed-room of the superintend-
! ent of Indian Affairs; it is not to supply him with
! utensils necessary for cooking, but it is to supply
! the farmture which is necessaiy for his office.
Now the question is, whether the United States
' will furnish dosha, chairs and other furniture
nece^nry for the office, or whether the superin-
tendent shall furnish it out of his own pocket? If
the latter, then 1 insist that every head of a bureau,
: every Secretary, and every clerk in any Depart-
i ment shall furnish his room out of his own salary.
| f believe that it hao been the uniform custom to
1 furnish the offices there with furniture, and 1 am
, informed by my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
that the surveyers general have their offices fur-
nished for them also.
i Mr. JONES. And the land offices are fur-
j nished.
I Mr. ATCHISON. Now, whether $1,000 would
j be sufficient for this purpose, I am notable to say;
| but if the superintendent of Indian Affairs has a
; single particlc of honesty in his composition, he
! will only use enough of this appropriation to fur-
| nish his office. The Senator is mistaken,if he
! supposes it is to be applied for the individual pur-
poses of the officer. It is the furniture of the
Government, and not that of the officer.
Mr. HALE. The nextclause to this one which
I move to strike out is to furnish to the superin-
tendent an iron safe, which is to cost $1,000; and
this amendment, according to the statement of the
Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] is to
furnish a desk and a few chairs, and such like
utensils. This would make it a pretty expensive
desk and chairs. I suppose, sir, that this is to
furuish his whole house with sofas, and chairs,
and tables, and carpets, and everything of that
so.-t. And £1,000, sir, will furnish it pretty well.
If that is all that is wanted—mere office furniture,
as the Senator from Missouri suggests—I think
would be amply sufficient. He could getjust
as good a desk as he could possibly need for £>50;
and he cnri buy as good a chair as is necessary
for him for $50 a dozen, and he certainly would
not want more than half a dozen of them. That
number would be amply sufficient.
But this is to furnish'his whole establishment
from cellar to attic. No matter whether he is
honest or not, he will spend the whole of the §1,000;
and in the next deficiency bfll, ten to one but
there will be a demand of §1,500 or $1,600 for a
