2342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
"That the clerks, messengers, watchmen, and laborers
employed at an annual salary, or in temporary positions in
the executive or legislative departments of the Govern-
ment, in'the city of Washington, whose compensation doc5
not exceed $1,200 per araium, shall, in addition thereto,
be allowed the following annual increase of compensation,
commencing from the first day of the present jiscal year,
viz: all whose annual compensation does not exceed
$1,200," Si c.
It is proposed to strike it out, because the idea
is expressed again.
The amendment waa agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment is to
add the following- after the eighth section:
(i Jind be it further enacted, That when any moneys
shall have remained unexpended upon any appropriations
by law other than for the payment of interest on the funded
debt, or payment of interest or reimbursement, according
to contract, of any loan or loans made on account of the
United States, as likewise moneys appropriated for a pur-
Eose m respect to which a large portion is specially assigned
y law, for more than two years after the expiration of the
fiscal year in which the act shall have been passed, all and
any such appropriations shall be deemed to have ceased
and been determined, and the moneys so unexpended shall
be immediately thereafter carried, under the directionof the
Secretary of the Treasury, to the account on the books of
the Treasury denominated the'surplus fund,5 to remain,
like other unappropriated moneys, in the Treasury; and it
shall not be lawful, for any causc or pretense whatsoever,
to withdraw, transfer, apply, or use for any purpose what-
ever, any moneys carried as aforesaid to the surplus fund,
without a specific appropriation bylaw."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The following amendment is
one which I passed over. To insert in the bill:
" For an additional watchman of the southwest execu-
tive building."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have now gone through al
the manuscript amendments except two, in rela-
tion to the District, which have been mislaid, but
which I will bring in in the morning. The next
one we come to is the ninth section, which will be
controverted: and the Senator from Texas desires
to offer one before that.
Mr. RUSK. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
" Sec. —. Jind he it further enacted, That one additional
Assistant Postmas-ter Genera) shall be appointed in the
manner provided by law, who shall be assigned to duty as
Chief of the Inspection Office of the Post Office Depart-
ment, with the powers, duties, privileges, and compensa-
tion as an Assistant Postmaster General, as the same are
now, or may hereafter be, prescribed by law.
Sfo. —. JIndhe it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint and em-
ploy seven additional clerks in the Post Office Department,
to wit: one at an annual salary of .$1,800, one at an annual
salaiy of $1,600, one at an annual salary of $1,400, and
four at an annual salary of $1,200.
Mr. CASS. I do not know the law to which
that refers, but I would rather have the additional
Assistant Postmaster General nominated and ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator from In-
diana [Mr. Bright] intends to offer such an
amendment to the bill.
Mr. CASS. This amendment can be very easily
modified to effect the object. The appointment
oue;ht to be sent to the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. The amendment provides that the
additional Assistant Postmaster General shall be
appointed according to law, and with such a salary
as the law prescribes. The honorable Senator
from Indiana intends to offer an amendment to the
bill—-and no doubt it will pass—requiring the ap-
pointment of the Assistant Postmaster General to
be confirmed by the Senate, and increasing the
salary from $2,500 to $3,000.
Mr. CASS. If it were certain that would pass,
it would do very well; but I object to that mode of
legislation giving to the Postmaster General the
right to appointthe Assistant Postmaster Generals
—officers of such high duties and salaries. It is
all wrong.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER, The amendment which the
Committee on Financeproposeas section nine, will
be controverted. It is one upon which the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts wishes to speak. I hope,
therefore, that the Senate will, by unanimous con-
sent, pass over it until to-morrow, and take up the
next amendment, which is the tenth section.
No objection was made; and the next amend-
ment reported from the committee was as follows:
"Sec. 10. be it farther enacted} That the President
of the United States appoint an associate law agent, learned
in the law, and skilledin the Spanish and English language,
whose duties and compensation shall be the same as those
of the law agent: Provided, That the compensation of the
agent and assistant shall not exceed $5,000 each. And in
every case m which the Board of Commissioners shall ren
der a final decision, it shall be their duty to have two certi-
tied transcripts prepared of their proceedings and decision,
and of the papers and evidence on which the same are
founded, one of which transcripts shall be filed with the
clerk of the proper district court, and the other shall be
transmitted to the Attorney General of the United States^
and the filing of such transcript with the clerk aforesaid,
shall, ipso jacto, operate as an appeal for the party against
whom the decision shall be rendered; and if such decision
shall be against the private claimant, it shall be his duty to
file a notice with the clerk aforesaid; within six months
thereafter, of his intention to prosecute the appeal and if
the decision shall be against the United States, it shall be
the duty of the Attorney General within a like period, to
cause a notice to be filed with the clerk aforesaid, that the
appeal will be prosecuted by the United States: and on a
failure of either party to file such notice with the clerk
aforesaid, the appeal shall be regarded as dismissed."
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment consists of
two parts. The first relates to the appointment of
an assistant law agent. This has been applied
for, I believe, by aii the bar in California, and is
estimated for by the Secretary of the Interior. It
is said to be one of the causes of the delay in the
decision of these claims, that they have not more
than one law agent. The residue of the amend-
ment is for the purpose of protecting the interests
of the United States, and extends the time in
which appeals may be taken.
Mr. PRATT. I think the Senator will perceive
one omission in the amendment. It provides that,
after the commissioners shall have decided any
case, they shall cause two transcripts of their de-
cisions, together with the testimony, to be made.
One of these is to be filed in the district court of
California within which the decision shall have
been made, and the other is to be sent to the At-
torney General. There is no time specified within
which these transcripts are to be made out. There
is no time limited within which the copy is to be
sent to the Attorney General. But the limita-
tion is, that the Attorney General, within six
months after the filing of the one transcript in
California, is to file there his direction for an ap-
peal, or the United States are precluded from ever
prosecuting an appeal. It may be, and frequently
will occur in the remote districts of California,
when the transcript is filed, there being no limita-
tion when the other shall be sent here, that the
Attorney General will not have time to examine
and determine whether the interest of the United
States would require an appeal or not, before the
six months have expired. The amendment can
be very easily modified so as to make the limita-
tion for the appeal within six months from the
period when the Attorney General shall receive
the transcript.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. PRATT. The Attorney General is to de-
termine whether the United States shall appeal or
not. He must receive the transcript, must have
time to examine it amidst the multifarious busi-
ness in which he is engaged, and then have time
to send back to California and file an appeal there.
Under the amendment as it stands, the United
States are not protected. My object is to protect
them.
Mr. BAYARD. I would suggest to the Sena-
tor from Maryland, that his object will be accom-
plished by amending the amendment in the fol-
lowing clause;
(l And if the decision shall be against the United States,
it shall be the duty of the Attorney General within a like
period, to cause a notice to be filed with the clerk afore-
said, that the appeal will be prosecuted by the United
States,"
by striking out " a like period," and inserting in
lieu thereof the words "six months after receiv-
ing said transcript."
Mr. PRATT. That will do. I move to amend
the amendment in that manner.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was agreed
to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to move to amend the bill by
i inserting under the head of marine hospitals the
following:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is here
hv, authorized and directed to purchase a suitable site in
Portland, State of Maine, or in such a place in the imme
diate vincity thereof, as he shall deem proper, and cause to
be erected thereon, under his direction, a marine hospital
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen; and for that
purpose the sum of $30,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
I only desire to say that a bill providing for that
object received the unanimous vote of the Senate,
but has not passed the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, August 25, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved -
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion'to reconsider- the vote by which the
House refused to commit to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union House bill No.
223, to provide for the better protection of passen-
gers on board of steam and other vessels.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent 6f the House to make a personal explanation.
Mr. ROBBINS. If it does not come out of the
morning hour, I have no objection.
The SPEAKER. It will depend upon the
order of the House whether the gentleman may
proceed.
Mr. DUNCAN. I object. I think at this stage
of the session we have no time for personal expla-
nations. The public press is open to gentlemen
for such purposes.
Mr. INGERSOLL. If I cannot get unanimous
consent, I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to move to
suspend the rules during the pendency of the
morning hour.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I appeal to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Duncan] to
withdraw his objection.
Mr.DUNCAN, i cannot. I have opposed from
the beginning of the session all political speeches,
and all personal explanations.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Connecticut cannot proceed.
SECURITY OF PASSENGERS ON STEAMERS.
The House then resumed the consideration of
House bill No. 223, to amend an act entitled 4 4 An
4 act to provide for the better security of thelives of
'passengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
4 or in part by steam, and for other purposes."
Mr. HALL. I move to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
refused to commit this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following amendment:
After the following paragraph in the bill, viz:
" And shall also satisfy themselves that the safety-valves
are of suitable dimension?*, sufficient in number, well ar-
ranged, and in good working order, (one of which may, if
necessary in the opinion of the inspectors, to secure safety,
be taken wholly from the control of ail persons engaged in
navigating such vessel,")
insert—
And in such ease they shall cause a steam gauge, exhib-
iting the test pressure of the boiler, the working pressure
allowed by the inspectois, and the actual pressure used
while the boat is running, to be placed 111 a conspicuous
place, so that it can easily be seen and examined; said gauge
to be heated by the inspector and kept out of the rontrol of
those having the management of the boat, and near a good
and sufficient light, to be kept burning at all times between
sunset and sunrise.
This amendment, I believe, is one of the most
important provisions in the bill, if the safety of
passengers is the primary object with the House.
I have conferred with the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and he agrees with me that
the House ought unanimously to receive the amend-
ment, as the best means of protecting the lives of
passengers.
Mr. EDGERTON. I object to the reception
of the amendment.
Mr. MEADE. X think if the gentleman from
Ohio will examine the amendment, he will not
object.
Mr. EDGERTON. I have amendments which
I believe, and others believe, it is important should
be adopted. They were cut off by the previous
question, and I had not the opportunity of saying
a word in support of them. I therefore mean to
