1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
mt
first of the actors in rhe scene was most competent
to dccide upon it, 'I ask you what is to become of
the claim of the representative of Baron De Kalb,
and of those of a host behind who are to come in
and claim this amount out of the public Treasury,
not as a pension, but as a debt which they are
entitled to just as much as if their ancestors had
earned so much by the sweat of their brow, and it
had been wrongfully taken from their hands by
the action of the Government? And what is to
become of that class of claims, founded upon the
promise of Washington? There is a remarkable
entry in that valuable publication—theaccountsof
that illustrious man kept during the revolutionary
war—and he leaves this legacy, and puis it in a
note, upon one of its pages, that he has received
assistances from the members of parties on both
sides of the line, in regard to his revolutionary ef-
forts. That they have assisted him in the various
stages of his struggles, and commends them to the
benevolence and justice of the Government. He
uses this remarkable language: " Whenever they
are presented I trust to my country, or to the
councils of my country, to pay them." I give the
substance of his language, not his phraseology.
Will we repudiate the faith of Washington? If
this claim had come backed by Washington's
promise—a promise of the description referred
10—would we have had the spirit to set up repu-
diation, or the statute of limitation r I imagine
not. And shall we not say—though not so holy
as the word of Washington—that there is some-
thing in the faith of John Paul Jones,pledged as
it was under the solemnities of that action, that
entitles his word to be considered, regarded, and
enforced at the hands of the American Congress?
The question then recurring upon the motion to
lay the bill aside,with a recommendation that it do
not pass—
Mr. CHANDLER demanded tellers; which
v/eie ordered; and Messrs. Chandler and Polk
were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 53, noes 77.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with the recommendation that it do
pass.
GUSTAVUS A. DE RUSSY.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of bill No. 9G—a bill for the relief of Gus-
iavus A. De Russy, late an acting purser in the
Navy.
The reading of the report being called for, it was
read by the Clerk.
Mr. DANIEL. It will be seen that this bill
proposes not only to allow the difference between
what pursers were receiving when this clerk was
first appointed and the compensation of a purser
under the act of 1842, but the interest upon that
money. I can see no reason why the interest
should be allowed in this case. I do not know
when this case was first presented for adjustment;
I move, therefore, to strike out "&5I4 14," and in
its stead to insert " $362." That is the principal
exclusive of the interest.
Mr. BOCOOK. The report which has ju^t
been read at the Clerk's desk was diawn by my-
self as a member of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, and I thought it was pioper and just to
allow this man interest upon the money claimed.
I do not see what ground the gentleman from
North Carolina assumes when he contends that
interest ought not to be allowed. Does the gen-
tleman mean to say to this House that interest
ontrht never to be paid by this Government upon
a debt that it owes to an individual? Does the
gendeman mean to take any such ground as that?
Where theie is a clear, ascertained, balance due
a man for services'rendered, does he rise upon
this floor, and say, if the Government does not
chose to pay that debt, but holds the man out
of it year after year, that when at length it does
make payment, it ought not to pay the interest'
If the gentleman means to take any such ground
as that, I say for one, that I dissent from it, and
appeal to the House to say whether it is not an
improper ground. I put the claim of this man, in
the report which has just been read, upon -legal
grounds. I say that he had a light to demandthis
money. I say, furthermore, that the highest offi-
cers of the Department decide that he had a right
to demand it, but the accounting office refuses to
give it. Tiie legal ground was this: A law was
passed here some time, I think, in the course of
the summer of 1843, changing the pay of pursers.
It may be proper to state here, that the gentle-
man from North Carolina himself concedes that
this man was entitled to the pay of a purser, just
as if he was legally appointed purser for the time
lie was performing these services. Then, that
being conceded, come to the other point. A law
was passed during the summer of 1842 changing
and increasing the pay of pursers. There was a
provision in that law that it should go into opera-
tion as to the persons in the home squadron from
the time of its passage, and to all persons abroad
from the commencement of the first quarter after
proclamation thereof shall be made. Now, some
time in the month of December of the year lfc42,
the commander of the squadron received intelli-
gence of the passage of the law, and he made
proclamation from the Commodore's flag-ship.
That proclamation the officers say applies to the
whole squadron under his command. Informal
notice was carried to tin a ship, which had been
detailed to cruise on the African coast. The
man himself did not receive formal notice of it,
but the Commodoie had received notice, and had
made proclamation from the Hag-ship, which was
a notice to the whole squadron. Well, ifthisisso,
it entitled him to his pay under the new lav/. The
new law had been passed months before. He
came here and he claimed pay under the new law.
The Second Auditor, the accounting officei, refused
to allow it. He then appealed to Commodoie
Warrington, who said that he was entitled to it;
hut the Second Auditor still refused to allow it.
He then appealed to .Judge Mason, Secretary of
the Navy, and he said that he was legally entitled
to it, but the Second Auditor still refused, and he
now comes before the House. Now, the position
J lake is, that it ought to have been paid'him at
the time; that he had a lightioit, and that it was a
just and legal demand; and that it being a sum for
which he had had a legal right to make demand,
th#t interest ought to he paid upon it from the day
on which it ought to have been paid to him The
difficult and responsible services this man had to
perform upon the barren and desolate coast of
Afiica, the responsibility upon his hands, aie all
set forth in the leport, and 1 shall not detain the
House with the details again. In my judgment
the interest ought to be paid.
Mr. DANIEL. I did not intend to place my-
self, by the motion I have made, upon new ground
in rrfVrence to this matter. It is a well-estab-
lished principle, that the Covernment, as general
rule, does not pay interest. 1 think it is generally
a coirect one; for if it was the universal rule that
interest shall be paid to the time when Congress
shall, after a lapse of years, ascertain a demand to
have been a good one, it would become a most
convenient mode of funding all demands against
the Government, and individuals, instead of pre-
senting their claims promptly at the proper depart-
ments for adjudication, would have all the motives
of capitalists to withhold them. Claims are some-
times kept back in consequence of the imperfect
manner in which proof is presented, and some-
times in consequence of delays arising on the part
ot the applicants themsehes.
Mr. BOCOOK. It my friend from North Car-
olina will permit me. Not a single one of the rea-
sons assigned applies to this case.
Mr. DANIEL. Wait until 1 have got to the
others. 1 have not got through yet. There is
nothing stated m the report winch takes it out of
the application of that rule upon winch the Gov-
ernment has acted in the non-payment of interest.
If there is any special reason, the gentleman has
neglected to give it in his report. 1 do not gather
from any statement the gentleman has made, or
anything in the case that ought, to take it out of
the operation of that geneial rule; on the contia-
ry, I can see reasons in addition to that glanced at
by my motion for its application. The gentleman
predicates this legal liability upon the ground that
unequivocal notice was given in conformity with
the laws of 1842 to this officer. There is just
ground for exception to that position. I will not
say that the gentleman is not correct, but there
is certainly some reason to doubt it. The wouls
of the law have been quoted m the report, as 1
suppose, conectly, by the gentleman. The act
was' to go into effect in the United States from the
date of its passage, and in vessels abroad at the
beginning of the quarter after its official not|fica«
tion.
The commander of the squadron in this case re-
ceived notice of the passage of the act of the first
of January, 1843. He then made his proclama-
tion. His vessel was not present, as she was
cruising elsewhere—cruising upon the coast of
Africa—and the question is, wnether, according
to the provisions of this act, he received that no-
tice which the act intended to make necessary to
give operation to the law, until it was actually no-
tified on board of the vessel.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
by the hands of their Secretary, Asbury Dick-
ins, Esq.]
Mr. DANIEL resumed. It is certainly true,
that the act was not literally complied with until
the notice was actually leceived on board of the
vessel in which this purser, formerly a clerk, be-
longed. It may well be contended, therefore, that
his pay could not arise until after he received no-
tice. There being some doubt about the construc-
tion which the gentleman claims as the construc-
tion of theact, and seeing no sufficient reason why
the general rule should be departed from, I have
made the motion I submit, and think it ought to
prevail. Unless we are disposed to pay interest
in every case—unless we are disposed to adopt
that rule and change the general lule, why we
should do it.
Mr. JiOCOCK. I had wished to stay nothing
more. I am opposed as much as any member upon
this floor, to speaking upon these matters at all. I
have given practical evidence of that fact m my
course here, but I will say one or two words in reply
to the position just taken by the gentleman from
North Carolina", [Mr. Da.niel.J The gentleman
says, the genera) principle upon which this Gov-
ernment acts, is, that it will not pay interest. I
understand it to be based upon the reason, fhatthe
Goveromentof the United States holds itself at all
times ready to pay its debts, when presented, that
the debt has never been presented in a legal form—
in a form in which the proof had been conclusive,
until the time when the amount is to be voted.
Now, I agree with the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, if a claim comes up for unliquidated damages—
if a claim comes up for a pension—if a claim comes
up resting upon anything of that sort, it ought not to
carry interest'until the proof is completed. Tiiis
is the ground which the gentleman from Noith
Carolina assumes—this is the reason upon which
his principles rest, as applied m this case. De
Puissey actually made a demand upon the Govern-
ment lor this sum. He actually claimed it from
the Department. TXis proof was as full and hn
conclusive then as it is at this instant of time. If
we owe it now, we owed it then. If we ought to
pay it now, we ought to have paid it then. Shall
we profit by ourown failure to do our duty to our-
selves '
Mr. DANIEL. Why was it not paid?
Mr. KOOOOK. I have aheady stated tl^ the
accounting officer, the Second Auditor, tooR the
view which the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Danikl] has suggested, as to the construc-
tion of this law—and held that the law should not
go into operation as to vessels abroad, until actual
notification should be made.
Mr. DANIKL. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him one more question ? If we pay interest
upon these eases, why not pay interest upon every
deferred salary'
Mr. BOCOCK. If we hold hack from a man
the salary to which he is entitled by the law, 1 say
we ought to pay interest. We ought to be just,
and we ought to pay the just demands upon us.
When we refuse to pay where a demand is clearly
made out, then we ought not to profit by our own
refusal to do our duty. The gentleman from
North Caiolina argues in relation to this matter,
as if the language of the law was an actual noti-
fication. That is not the language. It says offi-
cial notification! and the laws of this country, and
those highest in authority, have decided that to
make notification of the law of this sort for a
squadron, it has only to be proclaimed by the
commanders of the squadrons. If it is true that
a proclamation by the commodore of a ship is an
official notification for the squadron, this man was
entitled to his demand, ami he ought to have it.
If it was a debt we owed—if it was a debt the
amount of which, and the proof of which was
