588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
befo*e the Department at the time the Department
improperly refused to pay it, I say that now, in
my opinion, we ought to pay interest upon it.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Dan-
iel's' amendment; and there were—ayes 63—
nays 52.
Mr. ORR demanded tellers; which were or-
dered.
The question was then token, (Messrs. Fowler,
of Massachusetts, and Hendricks, acting us tell- |
ers,) and resulted—ayes 65—noes 51.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved that the bill be laid aside, and
reported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
The question was then taken, and it was agreed
to.
On motion by Mr. ORR, the committee rose,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Disney] reported
that the Committee of the Whole House had had
under consideration two hills, which they had di-
rected him to report back, one with an amendment
and one without amendment, with a recommenda-
tion that they do pass.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
first bill to the House.
Mr. ORR moved, that when this House ad-
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays.
[Cries of "Oh no; withdraw the call!"]
The SPEAKER announced that there were
only seventeen rising—believed not to be   suffi-
cient number.
Mr. GfDDINGS insisted on a count; and the
negative side being counted, there were llti.
Mr. G1DDINGSdemanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
And the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope the House will no! ad-
journ until the bills reported from the Committee
of the Whole House have been disposed of.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The question was then taken on Mr. Stephen's's
motion, and it was agreed to. |
So the House adjourned till Monday. j
NOTICES OF BILLS. j
Mr. SIBLEY gave notice nt his intention to introduce a 1
bill, so to amend the acts for tlie establishment of the tern- i
tonal governments of the United Slates, as to make the t
judges of the supreme court in t>aid Territories elective by j
the people thereof.
Mr. DAVltf, of Indiana, pave notice of his intention to '
introduce a bill glinting tlx; right of way and a portion of !
the public I.irnN, for the construction of a railroad from 1
Teire Haute, or some otner jkijiu on the Indianapolis and '
Terrc Haute railroad, in the State oflndiana, to Springfield,
in the State of Illinois. j
I
* PETITIONS, &c. |
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented !
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees : !
By Mr. FLOYD : The resolutions of the Westficld Agn- :
cultural, Literary, and Scientific Society, for the recognition i
of Hie independence ot Hungary. j
By Mi. SMART. The penuon of John M. Hood and 1
others, ncMstant mar«hnN m Somerset county, Maine. a*k- i
ms for increase of compensation
Maryland, remonstrating against the renewal of the patent
granted to Austin & Zebuton Parker lor alleged improve-
ments upon reaction water-wheels.
By Mr. STEVENS, of'Pennsylvania: The petition,
numerously signed by citizens of Lancaster county, stating
that tke fugitive slave law was unjust, inhuman, and op-
pressive, and praying for its repeal.
Also, the petition of citizens of Lancaster and Lebanon
counties, praying for the establishment of a post route from
Lancaster, by the way of Sporting Hill, et cctcra. to Ami-
vill, in Lebanon county.
Also, six petitions, very numerously signed, praying for
an additional duty on foreign iron.
IN SENATE.
INI ON bay , February 16,1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
MISSION TO EASTERN ASIA.
A message frnm the President of the United
States was received by Mr. M. P. Fillmore,
liis Secretary, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 26th ultimo, a re-
port from the Secretary of State, containing; the
correspondence relating to the mission of Mr.
Balestier, late Consul at Singapore, to Eastern
Asia; which was ordered to be laid on the table
and printed.
APPLICANTS FOR PENSIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution uf the Senate, a list of suspended or re-
jected applications for pensions, under the several
acts of Congress, with the grounds of such sus-
pension or rejection, and the place of residence,
as far as the same can be given, of each applicant;
which was ordered to be referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions and printed.
NAVY REGISTER.
The PRESIDENT jrro teni. laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Seere'ary of the Navy, accom-
panied by eighty copies of the Navy Reffisier fur
1859; which was ordered to be laid on the table.
PETITIONS. B
Mr. WADE presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Ohio, and a petition of masters of steam-
boats and vessels upon Lake Erie, praying tbet
the State of Ohio may be divided into two judicial
districts; which were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, seven memorials of assistant marshals for
taking the Seventh Census in Ohio, praying addi-
tional compensation; which were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Also, a petition of merchants and others of
Philadelphia, praying the construction of an addi-
tional canal around the Falls of the Ohio river;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads'
and Canals.
Mr. WALKER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor 0f a donation
of the military reserve at Fort Winnebago to the
State for the improvement of the Fox and Wis-
consin rivers; which was referred to the Commit- 1
tee on Public Lands. ,
Mr. CLARKE. I am requested to present a :
communication from Rhode Island, signed by up- j
wards of one hundred and fifty persons, inhabit 1
ants of Providence and citizens of the United !
..    , States, in which they say, that as it appears that !
• yf.->Jr", r,*<'Kentuck.v: Theproceedinesofa meet- j the Senate of the United States is turmne its atten- 1
o  li tion toward, the victims of despotic^govenunents \
and inhuman laws, thev resoectfullv ask that it '
the subject of proposed modifications of the bounty Inod act
of September lV. 1N.V).
Uie year J800.
By Mr. SiP,LEY: Tnn memory .
?d iniantr\, and ofhci otiiccv.' of rite
in New Mexico, praying tint the M-a
stationed in ihnt Territory moy be ]>l.i
K1 Kfti'ki:--, m.'vrof
:ri:t«*(i Aimv
r  ami unli-vd rm>n
n ibr sani*-* loot-
ing. with regard to pa; . with "those stahonrd in Tni.
und Oregon.
V . Tii>- of Stephen I'oUs Jivi C\
c. Aiadi.-on. ptavmg for additional eompon<at>on for thtir
«y col,";.11® ma"hais ia ,alnn'
By Mr. CORK - The petition \\,r the rMc-bl.bhiritr a. nost '
'WWj" 'J°Unt! ■ Aial«m ,?elC-
£ nver, la ™ '°Ut" H'!'' 0f ,heTc "es-
«"'.',rw!T.TER i • I"'tlt"'  of citizens of Franklin ;
I" 7.r r" 11* establislirnent of a po?t route I
iTrha ", in , 7'i ''?U!!,ty- ^ way of Lebanon, in
Sintc. '•pnnefield, m Green c.mnty, in raid '
F.y Mr. HAMILTON :
snd Is.aac Gohr, and othes
The petition of Lewis Tritte
the wide world over, applauds, .-md which nothing
hut barbarouslaws ''ond-mm: and they oray that
ir would take immediate ^eps for the.'r relief.
The memoiial was referred to theCommitteeon
the Judiciary.
Air, MORION presented a r>eofion of the re-
gister and receiver of the land or/ice at Si. Ausus-
'inc, 1-iorida^, praying ^'Trpeasation fo'- rnakiti^
locations ini.'Jrr rhe A'.'i'euoado c^ran:; v,'luc!i
rcfei'ieJ tn the Coro<at;tce on Laiui~.
.ALso, t;.t* jiiPDimwit ufCr^nr^e JX, Sijis'h, nssis*-
nnt marshft! f.,-r tnkin^ the 'Seventh Census in
Duval county, Florida, prayins: .iddiJ.'onal c( ni-
pensation; whieh wn<? referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. SPRITANCE presented a petition of resi-
dents of Delaware, praying that the hiii giving :
citizens of Washington county, further remedies to patentees may become a law°;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. PRATT presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Maryland, in favor of the enactment
of a law making free so much of the Baltimore
and Washington turnpike as lies within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. BRIGHT presented four memorials of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Indiana, praying additional compensation; which
{ were referreu to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. CHASE presented four memorials of assist-
| ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
| Ohio, praying additional compensation: which
i were referred to the Committee of Claims,
i Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of Jo-
j seph Nock, praying remuneration for losses sus-
| tained in consequence of the violation of a contract
i for supplying the Post Office Department with
! locks; which was referred to the Committee <*m
| the Post OfKoe and Post Roads.
| Mr. CLEMEN'S presented a memorial of the
j Legislature of Alabama, praying a repeal or mod-
I location of the act to enable the State of Arkansas
and other States to reclaim the swamplands within
then* limits; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of John J.
Palmer, receiver and legal representative of the
American Insurance Company of New York,
praying tl^E; establishment of a tribunal to review
the decisions of the late Board of Commissioners
for the settlement of claims of American, citizens
against Mexico; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Albany, xtfew
;! York, praying the establishment of a Mint in the
! city of ]Xew York; which was referred to the
'! Committee on Finance.
:! Also, a memorial of Johnson Livingston, and
[[ his associates, praying the aid of the Government
11 in establishing a monthly line of steamers between
New York and Genoa; which was referred to the
; j Committee on Naval Affairs.
i | Aiso, a memorial of merchants, ship-owners, and
'! others, of New York, against the establishment of
]! any more lines of mail steamers, under the patron-
j age of the Government; which was referred to the
I1 Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of the trustees
of the St. Vincent Orphan Asylum, in the District
of Columbia, praying a donation of land to aid in
the education of orphan boys; which was iefened
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of J. Glynn,
of the Navy, praying that he may be credited m
his settlement with tho Department with the amount
of money which w>\s stolen while in his charge
f on the coast of California; which was referred to
• the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I Mr. STOCKTON presented three petitions of
. citizens of New Jersey, praying an appropriation
j for the improvement of JBarnegat Inlet; which were
j referred to the Committee 011 Commerce,
j Mr, FISH presented the memorial of the pro-
; prietors of the New York and Havre mail steam*
, ers, praying further aid from the Government:
i which was referred to the Committee on Naval
1 Affairs.
I Mr. ATCHISON presented the memorial of
| John Owen, praying remuneration for damages
I sustained and money expended while in charge"of
j the Government property nt Cunumrnei.* Loring,
1 in the Territory of Oregon; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
: Aiso, thpperitiOii of the heirs of Wac S.May,
i deceased, a ^ur^eon in the lote war with Mexico.
praying three months* extra pay; which was re~
' ferred Jo the Committee nn Military AfTan
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of <1 coo-
■ vention ot citizens of the State of California, now
0.0 a visit to the Atlantic States, held at Brown's
Hotel, "W Mshi.'igton city, District of Columbia,
settiji^ forth tho unsurpassed agricultural advan-
tages of the State of California, its van mineral
j resources, and that, from her geographical and
, peculiar position, she must rely, more than any
other Stnre'upon her own soil and internal re-
sources for the support of the millions that will,
in a short ^pace of time, people tlie shores of the
Pacific within the United States—thus demanding
from Congress an enlarged and liberal pohev.
They pray for grants of land for various literarv
