2844-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
August 25,
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And be it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of such
inspectors to ascertain the quality of the material of which
the boiler plates of any such boiler so submitted to their
inspection, are made; and to satisfy themselves, by any
tunable means, whether the mode of manufacturing has
been such as to produce iron equal to good iron made with
charcoal, snch as, in their judgment, may be used for gen-
erating'steam power without hazard to life; and no such,
boiler shall be approved which is made of unsuitable ma-
terial, Qr of which the manufacture is imperfect, or is not,
in their opinion,.of suitable strength, or whose plates are
]<ss than one fourth of an inch in thickness, for a high-pres-
sure boiIervof forty-two inches in diameter, and in that pro-
portion, of strength according to the maximum of working
pressure allowed for high-pressure boilers of greater or less
diameter, or which is made of any but wrought iron of a
quality equal to good iron made with charcoal.
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce was to strike out the following section:
" Ssp. 17. And be it further enacted, That all plates ap-
proved shall be distinctly and permanently marked in such
manner as the Secretary of the Treasury shall proscribe,
and, if practicable, in such place or places that the marks
shall he left visible after the plates are worked into boilers;
and all plates rejected shall have a permanent mark put
upon them showing their condemnation, and the manufac-
turer shall also stamp his name upon each plate made by
him; and for the inspection aforesaid, there shall be paid
to the inspector aforesaid, five cents for each plate inspect-
ed, to be accounted for and paid over to the collector or
other chief officer of the customs as revenue belonging to
the United States"—
and insert in Jieu thereof the following:
" Sec. —. And be it- further enacted, That all plates of
boiler iron shall be distinctly and permanently stamped in
such mariner as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe, and, if practicable,in such place or places that the
mark ?hall be left visible after the plates are worked into
boilers; with the name of the manufacturer, the quality of
the iron, and whether or not hammered, and the place
where the same is manufactured."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendments of the Committee on Com-
merce, striking out from the following sections the
"words in brackets, thus [], and inserting the
words in italics, were severally considered, and
agreed to, viz:
"Sec. [18] 16. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be unlawful to use in such vessel for generating steam for
power, a boiler or steam-pipe connecting the boilers made
after the passage of this act, of any iron unless it has been
[inspected] stamped by the manufacturer as herein pro-
vided ; and if any person shall make for use i7i any such
vessel a boiler of iron not so [inspected] stamped intended
to generate steam for power, he shall, for any such offense,
forfeit $500, to be recovered in an action of debt by any per-
son suing for the same; and any person using, or causing
to be used, in any such vessel, such a boiler to generate
steam for power, shall forfeit a like sum for each offense.
"Sec. [19] 17. And be it farther enacted, That if any
person shall counterfeit the marks [prescribed by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for inspected] and stamps required
by this actfor shall falsely stamp any boiler iron, and be
convicted thereof, he shall be fined not exceeding $500,
and imprisoned not exceeding two years; and if any per-
son, or persons, shall stamp or mark plates with the name
or marks of another, with intent to mislead, deceive, or
defraud, such person, or persons, shall be liable to any one
injured thereby for all damage accasioned by such fraud or
deception.
'• Skc. [20] 18. And be it further enacted, That in order
to carry this act fully into execution, the President of the
United States shall, with the advice of the Senate, appoint
nine supervising inspectors, who shall be selected for their
knowledge, skill, and experience, m the use of steam for
navigation, and who are competent judges not only of the
character of vessels, but ol all parts of the machinery em-
ployed in steaming, who s-hail assemble together at such
places as they may agree upon once in each year, at least,
for joint consultation and the establishment of rules and
regulations for their own conduct and that,of the several
boards of inspectors within the districts, and also to assign to
each of the said nine inspectors the limits of territoiy within
winch he shall perform his duties; and the said supervising
iuapeetors shall each bo paid tor his services after the rate
of $1,500 a year, and in addition theieto his actual reason-
able traveling expenses incurred in the neee^ary perform-
ance of his duty when away from the principal port in his
district, and certified and sworn to by him under such in-
structions as shall be given by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who is hereby authonzed to pay such salaries, and
also such traveling expenses, and the actual reasonable ex-
penses both to them and other mspectois of transporting
from place to place the instiuinent* used in inspections!
[wuen satisfied therewith, out of the revenues arising from
tluo act; and also to pay to the inspectors of boiler iron, for
the inspection, in addition to their salary, after the rate of
two dollars for each entire dav's seiviee in that employ-
ment; and moreover each inspector shall keep a true ac-
count ol the number of platesuispected by him, designating
how many are approved, how manv disapproved, by whom
manufactured, and shall make a full return thereof under
oath, to the chief officer of the customs for the district on
the 1st days of Januaiy, April, July, and October, in each
year, to bo by sin h <■ hint officer forwarded to the Secretary
of the Treasury,] which expenses shall be proved to his satis-
faction.
" Sec. [21] 19. And be it further enactcd, That the super-
vising inspectors shall watch over all parts of the territory
assigned them, shall visit, confer with, and examine into
the doings of die several boards of inspectors, and shall,
whenever they think it expedient, vi3it such vessels li-
censed, and examine into their condition, for the purpose of
ascertaining whether-the provisions of this act have been
observed and complied with, both by the board of inspect-
ors and the master and owners; and it shall be the duty of
all masters, engineers, and pilots of such vessels, to answer
all reasonable inquiries, and to give all the information in
their power, in regard to any such vessel so visi ted, and her
machinery for steaming, and the manner of managing both.
" Sec. [22] 20. Jind be itfurther enacted, That whenever
a supervising inspector ascertains to his satisfaction that the
master, engineer, pilot, or owners of any such vessel fail to
perform their duties according to the provisions of this act,
lie shall report the facts in writing to the board in the dis-
trict where the vessel belongs, and, if need be, cause the
negligent or offending parties to be prosecuted; and if he
has good reason to believe there has been, through negli-
gence, or from any other cause, a failure of the board who
inspected the vessel to do its duty, he shall report the facts
in writing to the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall cause
immediate investigation into the truth of the complaint, and
if he deems the cause sufficient shall remove the delinquent.
te Sec. [23] 21. Jind he it further enacted, That it shall be
the duty of such supervising inspector? to see that the said
several boards within their respective collection districts
execute their duues faithfully, promptly, and, as far as pos-
sible, uniformly, in all places, by following out the provis-
ions of this act, according to the true intent and meaning
thereof: and they shall, as far as practicable, by their estab-
lished rules, harmonize differences of opinion when they
exist m different boards, [and promote, as far as possible,
the observance, m the construction of boats and of the ma-
chinery for steaming, of a just proportion between all the
parts.]
" Sec. [24] 22. Jind he it, further enacted, That the said
supervising inspectors shall also visit collection districts in
which there are no boards of inspectors, if there be any,
where steamers are owned or employed, and each one shall
have full power to inspect any sucA steamer or fioifero/eacft
steamer in any such district, or in any other district where,
from distance or other cause, it is inconvenient to resort to
the local board, and to grant certificates of approval, ac-
cording to the provisions of this act, and to do and perform
in such districts [destitute of local inspectors] all theduties
imposed upon boards in die districts where they exist, [in-
cluding the inspector of boiler iron:] Provided, That no
supervising or other inspector shall be deemed competent
to inspect in any case where he is directly or indirectly per-
sonally interested, or is associatcdin business with any person
who is so interested, but in all such cases the duty shall he
performed by disinterested inspectors, and inspection made
in violation of this rule shall be void and of no effect.
" [Sec. 25. And be it further enacted, Tbat the boards of
inspectors within the collection districts, if the press ofbusi-
ness be so urgent that the inspector of boiler iron cannot
perform them, or if, from sickness or other cause, it is out
of his power to devote his personal service to the business,
may, upon such emergencies, appoint a deputy to discharge
the duty temporarily, until the inspector is able to resume
his personal inspection ; andthe supervising inspectormay
do the like, in districts where there is no board, upon the
happening of a like necessity. But before any such super-
visor or temporary inspector enters upon his duties, he shall
be sworn to the faithful discharge thereof.]
" Sec. [26] 23. Jind be it further enacted, Thatit shall be
the duty of each of the collectors or other chief officers of
the customs for the districts aforesaid, except San Fran-
cisco, to make known, without delay, to the collectors of
all the said districts, except San Francisco, the names of
all persons [appointed] licensed as engineers or pilots for
such vessels, and the names of all persons from whom, upon
application, [appointments] licenses have been withheld,
and the names of all [who have been removed] whoseli-
censes have been revoked or suspended, and also the names of
all such vessels which neglect or refuse to make such re-
pairs as may be ordered under the provisions of this act,
and the names of all for which license has been, on appli-
cation, refused.
"Sec. [30] 27. Jind be it further enacted, That if any
such vessel carrying passengers, having a license and cer-
tificate, as required by this act, shall be navigated without
having her hull, accommodations, boilers, engines, ma-
chinery, and their appurtenances, and all equipments, in
all things confoi mable to such certificate, the master or
commander by whom she shall be so navigated, having
knowledge of such defect, shall be punished by fine not ex-
ceeding one hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceed-
ing two months, or both : Provided, That such master or
commander shall not be liable for loss or deficiency occa-
sioned by the dangers of navigation, if such loss or defi-
ciency shall be supplied as soon as practicable."
The next amendment of the Committee on
Commerce proposed to strike out the following
section, viz:
" Sec. 31. Jind be it further enacted, That when from
darkness, fog. or other cause, the pilot on watch shall be of
opinion that the navigation K unsafe, or if from accident
to, or derangement ofthe machinery of the boat, the engineer
on watch shall be of opinion that the further navigation of
the vessel is unsafe, the vessel shall be brought to anchor
or moored as sonn as it prudently can be done; and no per-
son in command shall be justified in pursuing a voyage
after being admonished by either ofthe officers named that
it would be unsafe from the causes* assigned, but shall be
answerable for any damage which may arise from so pur-
suing the voyage"—
and to insert in lieu thereof the following, viz:
" Sec. 28. Jind be it further enacted, That on any such
steamers navigating rivers only, when from darkness, fog,
or other cause, the pilot on watch shall be of opinion that
the navigation is unsafe, or from accident to, or derange-
ment of the machinery of the boat, the engineer on watch
shall be of the opinion that the further navigation of the ves-
sel is unsafe, the vessel shall be brought to anchor,or moored,
as soon as it prudently can be done: Provided, That if the
person in command shall, after being so admonished by
either of ?ueh officers, elect to pursue such voyage, he may
do the same; but in such case both he and the owners of
such steamer shall be answerable lor all damages which
shall arise to the person of any passenger and his baggage
from said causes in so pursuing the voyage, and no degree
of care or diligence shall in such case be held to justify or
excuse the person in command or said owners,"
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The following amendments of the Committee
on Commerce, proposing to strike out the parts of
sections in [ ], and to insert the parts in italicst
were severally considered and agreed to, viz:
"[Sec. 32. And he it further enacted, That when steamers
are about to meet each other in the night, in narrow chan-
nels, or in fog, it shall be the duty of the pilot of the de-
scending boat to keep the channel and stop his engine, and
suffer the boat to float with only steam sufficient to give
her steerage, until the following signals are given and an-
swered, and a space properly cleared:
" It shall be the duty ofthe pilot of the ascending boat, as
soon as the other shall be m sight and hearing, to sound his
bell once, if he shall wish to pass to his right; and it shall-
be the duty of the pilot of the descending boat to answer
the same by one stioke of the bell y if not answered, the
pilot of the ascending boat shall strike his hell again and-
again at short intervals, until heard by the pilot of the other
boat. But if the pilot of the ascending boat should wish to
pass to the left-hand side, he shall strike his bell twice;
and it shall be the duty of the pilot of the descending boat
to answer the same by two strokes of his bell, and both
boats shall be steered accordingly. The first call may be
made by the pilot of either boat, and it shall be the duty of
the pilot of the other to answer as aforesaid; but if the first
call cannot be complied with with safety, a negative answer
shall be given, by ringing the bell five or six times m quick
succession, after which the call shall be reversed.
" When boats shall be near meeting in a channel or place
too narrowto pass each otherwith safety, the one tbat may
first be in the channel shall have a right to it, except in the
rapids of the Mississippi, and the other shall give way. If,
however, two boats are about to enter such channel or
place at the same time, and in all cases in the rapids afore-
said, the ascending boat shall give way.
" Should the pilot of either boat fail to make or to answer
the signals required, or should a signal be answered wrong-
fully, both boats shall be immediately stopped, and, if re-
quisite, backed so as to preventcollision.
" It shall not be lawful for an ascending boat to cross a
channel (unless in compliance with the foregoing signals
clearly made and answered) within possible striking distance
by a descending boat. These]
" Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That it shall be the
duly of tke supervising inspectors to establish such rules and
regulations to be observed by all such vessels in passing each
other, as they shall from time to time deem necessary for safe-
ty, two printed copies of which rules and regulations', signed by
said inspectors, shqll be furnished to each of such vessels, and
shall at all times be kept upin conspicuous places on such ves-
sels. Which rules shall be observed both night and day.
Should any pilot, engineer, or master of any stick vessel, neg-
lect or willfully refuse to observe the foregoing regulations,
any delinquent so neglecting or refusing, shall be liable to a
penalty of $30, and to all damage done to any [person or
persons] passenger in his person or baggage by such neglect
or refusal; and no such vessel shall be justified in coming
into collision with another, if it can be avoided.
" Sec. [33] 30. Jind be it further enacted, Tbat whenever
damage is sustained by any [person, in his property or per-
son,] passenger or his baggage, from explosion, fire, collis-
ion, or other cause, the master and the owners of such vessel,
or either of them, and the vessel, shall be liable to each and
every person so injured to the full amount of damage, if it
happens through any neglect to comply with the provisions
of law herein prescribed, or through known defects or im-
perfections of the steaming apparatus or of the hull; and
any person sustaining loss or injury through the careless-
ness, negligence, or willful misconduct of an engineer or
pilot, or their neglect or refusal to obey the provisions of
law herein prescribed as to navigating such steamers, may
sue such engineer or pilot for and recover damages for any
such injury caused as aforesaid by any such engineer or
pilot.
"Sec. [34] 31. And be it further enacted, That before is-
suing the anuual license to [a] any such steamer [employed
in the coasting trade,] the collector or other chief officer of
the customs for the poitordiMrict, shall demand and receive
from the owner or owners of the steamer, as a compensation
for the inspections and examinations made for the year, the
following sums, m addition to the fees for issuing enroll-
ment and licenses, now allowed by law, according to the
tonnage of the vessel,to wit: for each vessel of athousand
tons and over, $'35; for each of five hundred tons and over,
but not less than one thousand tons, $30; and for each
under five hundred tons and over one hundred and twenty-
fivei tons, #25; and for each under one hundred and twen-
ty-five tons, $'20, at the time of obtaining registry, and once
in each year thereafter, pay according to the rate of tonnage
before mentioned, the sum of money herein fixed. And
each engineer and pilot licensed as heiein provided, shall
pay for [each] the first certificate granted by any inspector
or inspcctois to such inspector or inspectors [to] the sum
of jive dollars, andjer each subsequent certificate one dollar,
to be accounted for and paid over to the collector or other
chief officer of the customs, [five dollars;] and the sums
derived from all the sources above f-pccified shall be quar-
terly accounted for and paid over to the United States m
the same manner as other revenue.
"[Sec. 39. Jind be it further enacted. That every mas-
ter or commander of a cteamer shall provide himself with
at least ten copies of this act, and keep the same on boaid
his vessel; and if he neglects or refuses so to do, or shall
refuse to exhibit a copy of the same to any passenger who
shall ask it, he shall forfeit twenty dollars.]
