1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1481
ascertained, will furnish Rtrong presumptive evi-
dence of the fraud of subsequent papers which
might be introduced.
Then again, the Senator from Texas attributes,
I think, entirely undue force to this proceeding.
You are to get memorials of claims existing in
the public archives there. Now, when you°get
them, what are they? They are but the memo-
rials of claims. They ascertain the fact that there
were such memorials there. They give to the
claims no more effect or validity than if produced
by private individuals. If the memorial is neces-
sary, under the Spanish and Mexican laws, to
determine the nature and extent of the grant
founded upon it, why then, as a part of the grant,
it ought to be evidence for the purpose of "deter-
mining that. The only effect of the amendment
is to proem e the papers if they are there. It
gives them no different or other effect than thev
would have if produced by private individuals;
and, as the Senator from California says, it will
have an influence in checking, at a!l events speed-
ily, that process, which the Senator from Texas
fears, of manufacturing false memorials and false
claims.
Mr. SOULE. Mr. President, I am decidedly
' in favor of striking out the clause now under de-
bate It would confer upon an individual, who-
ever he may be, a power I am aot ready to sur-
render to any individual. It would t>onstitute
him a priori a judge of what constitutes the laws
of Mexico. Nor would he be limited to search
for laws denominated by that name explicitly:
but he would be the judge of other evidences of
the law prevailing in Mexico. I hardly know of
any individual m this country who, being at all
conscious of (he importance of the duties which
such a provision would impose upon him, would
dare to assume it. If he did, I would hardly be :
brought to place the least confidence in the judg-;
mem. which lie might pass upon a subject of so-'
vast importance.
The laws of Mexico are written laws, to be .
found in books where they have been carefully •'
printed, and are accessible io the Government,
and accessible to every individual. Let these
laws be printed by us, and let our tribunals,
through a translation of these laws, be enabled to
see what they mean, and what their bearing is,
and not sutler any individual to be constituted the ;
judge of what is the law in Mexico. I place the
most absolute confidence in the judgment and dis-
cretion of the Attorney General; bcr, however fai
that confidence may go, it does not go far enough
to incline mc to let him be the judge of these great,
complex, and intricate questions. The tribunals
of the country will hnvsto do, in the present case,
what they have had to do in lespeci to Louisiana
—what they have had to do with respect to Flor-
ida. They then had the books—thev had trans- ■
lations from those books; but nothing through
■which the authority of a private individual could,
under any circumstances, supersede the majesty
of the law itself. I shall vote for striking out, ■
decidedly.
Mr. GEYER. Before the question is taken, I •
would propose an amendment to strike out the •
following words:
- u Ami also <-uch copTC?, or vo ,moual«s of paid claims as
n ay be obtained fiorn the recoup of the Mexican Govern- ;
meat, and all biich other tiocunemaiy official evidence as
tile <mu! Attorney General may deem necessary 3ad pioper,
t nd may direct to be proem ed. *'
My object is to strike out all that part of the ;
amendment which relates to copies of memorials 1
of claims.
Mr. WELL-SR Mr. President, X should like ,
to hu.ve the unanimous consent of the Senate to
paris over this amendment for the present. \ am !
not satisfied myself with the phraseology of the i
clause. I do not know that 1 shall be prepared,
upon an examination of it, to vote for it as it now ;
stands. I neve>- have had an opportunity of ex-
amining the provisions of this clause till to-day;1
and I ask that u may be passed over by the unan- ;
imous consent of the Senate.
Mr. RUSK. I will consent to that, if the hon-
orable 'Senator desires it; but whatever may be
necessary to be done upon this subject ran be put
into some of the orher appropriation bills. It will
be better to place it in some other bill, and then 1 1
shall e:o with the Senator in procuring any in-
formation that may be necessary.
Mr. WELLER. We shall consume one day
mor^at least, in passing upon the other amend-
ments; and if, after we get through the other
amendments, I am satisfied I can procure such a
section as will be satisfactory, I will offer it.
Agreeably to the request of Mr. Weuer, the
latter portion of the amendment, relating to the
appointment of an agent to collect Mexican and
Spanish laws with regard to land titles, was passed
over informally.
The first portion of the amendment providing
for payment for printing and binding the report on I
commerce and navigation, was concurred in. |
The next amendment, made as in Committee of |
j the Whole, was to insert: j
,j- "For additional compensation for inerea-mg the trans- i
]f portatiou oi'the United rUaie** mail between New York and 1
' Liverpool, in tile Collin^ line of steamer**, to twenty j
i trips per a*]num. at such times as shall be duelled by the i
; Postma^er Genera!, and ui coniornnty to In* la.-t annual '
:j leport to <?ongreps, and Ins letter of the i.Stb of November '
,j la-ttothe ^"'-retary o? t!k>Navv,ennunftneir.s£s«iidincreased i
j s-eivicaon the l>t of Januarv, 1S.V>. at the rats* cf.^.'13,000 per !
■ j trip, 111 lieu of the present allowance, the sum of <#36,500 ;
lj Provided, That it shall bo m the power ol Congress, at !
anytime alter the 31-t day of December, lBot, to teimi- '
nate thrf ariangement foi any additional allowance herein '
1 provided lor, upon giwng hi\ months' notice "
■j The PRESIDENT. The question is on con-!
j eurring in that amendment.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I offer the fol- ;
;j lowing amendment to the amendment: \
,j idiui provided,farther. That the proprietor r.; (-aid line
I of steamers shall consent to such a modification oj the ex- ■
[j contract that, the Postmaster General mav advertise
M for. and aeecpt proposals, for c*«ai r> mjj the l/wuh 111 suitable j
I of not le;-- than two thousand tons burden, be.
tweeu the United titat<js and Gieat Hntaiti, fiom and aster
II the L-a'd 3L>t day of December. when ?aid contract .
| «]iall eea?e to be obbgntory , .>rid the ]J<wtma>tcr General, I
1 in ease said modification shall he ajrieed to. -.hall adveilivi '
[ for such propos-ais, winch >hall he submitted to Congress at !
i the ne.M session. j
:• My object m offering the amendment is, as I i
I1 stated to the Senate the other day, to place this \
,j contract upon the same footing with the ordinary •
j contracts for the transportation of the mails. The 1
;! Senate have already, at*tlus session, passed a bill h
:j authorizing the Postmaster General to advertise
■ j for oonveyingthe mails between Vet a Cruz and
i New Orleans, in a suitable steamship of a burden
1 fixed by the terms of the law.
' We are advised by the advocates of the original '!
| amendment that this contract is onerous upon the ■
i contractor-—to onerous, indeed, that they will be •'
t obliged to abandon iMrom sheer inability unless
; their compensation he increased. They come to i
1 Cong'ens tor un Lnnrase of coinpe.n-Mtiwii. It is
proposed, on the other hand, thut the quantity of i:
! the ser\u e shall he increased a'so. In addition to
i that, 1 propose that the eontw't it"olf shall term*.- 1
! n.ue at the peiiod when Cop<.;rer^, by the terms of
, the amendment as it now stand-', may withdraw
th° additional compen&itior..
'; My object is not to put an end to the transport- ,
! ation of tne mails in steamships between this coun- <
i try and foreign countries. Far from it, sir. I
! recognize fully the duty of thi* Government to ;[
| provide for thetransoo: tation of the m<«iis between >1
! our own and other countries. I ^o Authfr: 1 be- ;■
S lieve that it in the tine pobcy of thi<< eountry to !
1 confine this service m American hands. f would,
therefore, be vervlhr from fivormg any scheme
which would lead to the abandonment of ocean
steam ma.! transmutation by the Government. ]
j On the other hand, it seems to me, that this,'
j system of contracts with particular individuals for
i long: periods, has nothing in it to recommend it h
I to legislative favor. It mijrht he justified as an !
I experiment, at the outset of ocean man transport-
! ation, when no contract could be made except!!
upon these terms, But sinee the experiment has i 
been tried and hus proved sncceKsful, surely we
ought to avtiil ourselves of the e.uhest possible !j
opportunity of blinking: these contracts into our j,
o-enerai mail system. This nmendment simply ef- !i
fects that object. As the matter now stands, ac- .■
cording to the friends of the Collins hue, its pro-
prietors are about to abandon then existing-'!
contract. They say, however, that tli^y can 50 "
on, and that they whl go on, if we grant them this 1
additional compensation. We are ur^ed to £rant
it, by appeals *•> national pride and pubhc policy;
apnea's,] am free to confess, which have preat "
influence upon me. Cut whde I am thus disposed,
T nm unwilling to depart, any further than is ab-
solutely necessary, from our general system,
which is applicable not merely to our foreign '!
transportation,but to our domestic postal system, u
I would have the system uniform in its •applica-
tion to all transportation.
If this amendment be adopted', I am prepared to
grant additional compensation for tne. limited
period contemplated,.and altow these gentlemen,
with their steamships already constructed and
benefited by this appropriation, to come into com-
petition with future bidders for the foreign mail
contract. O11 the other hand, let the Government
be left, at liherty to avail itself of any new route
that may be proposed—the Northeastern and"Gal-
way route for example—which shortens the dis-
tance several ljundred miles, and effects a great
saving of time. Let the Government avail itself
of all the routes, and all the competition between
them. Leave the contracts open, precisely as all
other contracts are left open—bring your ocean
mail steam system within your general postal ar-
rangements—place it upon a footingwhich cannot
he complained of by the country as one of favor-
itism and jobbing, and then I think it will be sus-
tained, and sustained liberally and cordially.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, after having
addressed the Senate with so much latitude, in fa-
vor of the original amendment at an early day, I
had intended to forbear altogether from further
participation in the debate. 1 rise now, not-for
the purpose of arguing at length the merits of the
proposition submitted by my honorable friend
from Ohio, but barely to present the objections
which I entertain to the amendment which he
has offered. The proprietors of these steamers
want aid. They have shown that the sum which
the original amendment provides, is the least
which will answer their purposes. The honor-
able Senator from Ohio says we shall have his vole
for that aid, upon a condition to which he re-
quires us to accede; and that is, that the contract
maybe terminated at the expiration of two years.
What, then, would be the condition of the enter-
prise, and of the persons engaged in it, at that
time? The contract is broken up! The vast out-
lay and expense in procurring and furnishing these
sieamershas been borne by the proprietors! The
property falls into the hands of the proprietors.
They have these steamers upon their hands, and
the 0-overnment is at liberty to make contracts
with others who may underbid them. The effect of
that would be to throw upon their handsproperty
for which they have no legitimate use. The steam-
ers were built under a contract with the United
States, for the purposes, not of the proprietors, but
of the United Stately and of an entirely different,
clss^ and character from what the merchants
would ho\e built for their own use. The ships
were required to be built so as «o carry the mails;
they were required practically to be iSuilt so that
they would carry the mails with greater expedi-
tion than any other steamers-.and, moreover, they "
were required to be built best adapted to warlike
purposes.
Now, these merchants do not want, for their
own purposes, steamers adapted to warlike ppr-
poses, and, if they are thrown upon their hands
they vvi'i not want them for the purpose of carrying
tlie mails. The proposition of the Senator from
Ohio, thevefo.e, amounts to this: That the United
Suites, after having engaged these citizens to build
steamers chiefly for the use of the Government,
by way of experiment,and, after having made the
experiment, and demonstrated its practicability,
shall terminate the contract at the end of two
years, and, for the sake of a better bargain, throw
the burden of the loss upon the proprietors.
I should have no objection to the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Ohio at all, if the
Senate would add to it a provision that the Gov-
ernment should take the steamers on the terms of the
contract, at. tne expiration of that time. But, I
feel sure that the moment we should offer that
further amendment, the honorable Senator would
retreat from his proposition. That, being the case,
wc are obliged to decline to accede to it. The
boon which the honorable Senator offers is too
costly altogether. Itisbkethegratitudeof Rome—
the recipients would sink beneath its weight.
Mr. CH A.SE. Mr. President, I shall detain
the Senate but a sm^le moment. Thisamendment
was offered by me in good faith, for the purpose
of ii'ting the proposition in a shape in which
some of those who'are opposed generally to this
steamship contract system, could vote for it; and
u was framed in precise accordance with a bill
which has al ready passed the Senate at this session t
