2346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
been reported upon favorably by the Senate. I
have shown the report to every member of the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and they
have authorized me to say that they are willing to
support-the bill.
The question being on Mr. Stratton's motion
to suspend the rules,
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Molony, and Stanton of
Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 91, noes 29.
. So the rules were suspended.
The bill was then read the first and second time
by its title.
Mr. M1LLS0N. I move to refer the bill to a
Committee of the Whole House. I have but a
few words to say upon this subject, and merely to
show the House why I felt it my duty to object
to taking up the bill at this time. There is, per-
haps, no one now here but myself who knows
anything about this bill. It was referred, at the
first session of the last Congress, to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, of which I was then a
member. The bill was examined, and reported
upon by me to the committee. The venera-
ble gentleman (Judge White) who is the benefi-
ciary of this bill, soon afterwards visited Wash-
ington, and I had one or two conversations with
him. 1 have not the least hesitation in saying,
that his destitution, and his bland and gentlemanly
manners made an impression upon me, and my
sympathies were warmly enlisted in his behalf.
I*i the conversations I had with him, I thought he
was satisfied himself that his application was
founded in mistake. He asked permission to with-
draw his papers. I, myself, urged that this per-
mission should be given, that he might, if possible,
strengthen his case, though the House will pres-
ently see that the case, from its very nature, was
not susceptible of being supported by any testi-
mony he could procure. However, the papers
were withdrawn, and, somewhat to my surprise,
I observed that they were this year presented in
the Senate, and a report made upon them from
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
i will briefly state the character of this petition.
The statements in the bill and report are altogether
erroneous. Major White, the father of the peti-
tioner, never was a major in the revolutionary
Army, and the respectable petitioner does nt>t al-
lege that he was ever a major in the American
Army. On the contrary, He states, in his peti-
tion, that,his father was connected with the rev-
olutionary Army, but in what capacity he does not
exactly know. I examined the question with very
great care, for I would not have made an adverse
report upon such a case unless 1 had been per-
fectly well assured of the grounds upon which 1
ought.to act. Major White, the father of the pe-
titioner, was an Irishman by birth—a gallant offi-
cer, or rather a gallant man—for he was a mer-
chant, and not an officer. He was a man of great
popularity in his day, and from his handsome
person, and pleasing manners, won the sobriquet
of Beau Wnite. He was the volunteer aid of
General Sullivan at the battle of Germantown, and
was killed in that battle.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman whether he
asserts that he was the aid of General Sullivan at
the battle of Germantown?
Mr. MILLSON". Yes, sir.
Mr. PRtCE. Does not that entitle him to the
distinction of a major?
Mr. MILLSON. He was, of course, only act-
ing as a staff* officer. We have never gone so far
as to provide, by any general law, pensions to the
children of those who died or served in the rev-
olutionary war. Congress has granted pensions
to the widows of revolutionary officers and sol-
diers 
Mr. SKELTON. Are not the children of those
who died in the revolutionary war entitled to all
the pay which their parents would have received?
Mr. MILLSON. The children would be enti-
tled to draw the pay to which their parent was
entitled, and which he had not drawn up to the
time of his death. 1 will now refer to the legisla-
tion of Congress for the relief of those who were
connected with revolutionary officers and soldiers.
I say that we have never gone further than to
grant pensions to the widows, but the children of
those who served in the revolutionary war have
never been entitled to anything at all. Most of
us are descended from those who served in the
revolutionary war; and if a claim were allowed on
behalf of children for the services of their ances-
tors, our Treasury would soon be depleted. We
have never gone further than to grant pensions to
the widows of revolutionary officers and soldiers,
and only to those who were married before the
year 1800. Those widows of revolutionary offi-
cers and soldiers who were married since the year
1800, are now entitled to no bounty or relief from
the Government of the United States. The reso-
lution of Congress under which this appropriation
is attempted to be made or justified, applies only to
"military officers commissioned by Congress/'
it never applied to staff officers—it never applied
to surgeons—it never applied to chaplains—it
never applied to any description of officers but to
commissioned military officers. But again, Major
White, as he is called—and we all know that an
officer of the staff receives the honorary title of
major—was killed in the year 1777, at the battle
of Germantown. 1 f he had been a military officer,
and commissioned by Congress, his heirs would
have been entitled to nothing. There is as great
an error of law as there is a mistake of fact in the
bill of the Senate. On the 15th of May, 1778, the
Continental Congress adopted a resolution grant-
ing seven years' half pay to " all military officers
commissioned by Congress, who now are or here-
after may be in the service of the United States^
and shall continue therein during the war to the
end of the war." Sometime in August, 1780, this
resolution was extended to the widows and orphan
children of" those officers who have died, or shall
hereafter die in the service;" and the Legislatures
of the States were recommended to make pro-
vision for paying the same on account of the
United States.
As early as the year 1792, just sixty years ago,
the heirs of Captain Shubrick, a gallant officer
from South Carolina, who died, or was killed be-
fore the 15th of May, 1778, petitioned Congress,
with many others similarly situated, for the seven
years' half pay. The question was then deliber-
ately and carefully considered by Congress. It
was referred to General Knox, then Secretary of
War, for his report. He made a report to the
Senate, and that body struck out of the bill, which
had improvidently passed the House of Repre-
sentatives, the name of every officer who had died
before the 15th of May, 1778, upon the ground
that the benefits of the resolution of 1780 were
only to be extended to those widows and orphan
children whose husbands or fathers had been
promised relief under the resolution of 1778. Un-
doubtedly, this was the correct construction. It
can hardly admit of any other.
About ten or twelve years ago, the attempt was
repeated to extend the benefits of this resolution
to the heirs of that class of officers who died be-
fore the 15th of May, 1778. The petition was
presented to the House of Rep&ggentatives, and it
was deemed sufficiently impofjpht to invoke the
consideration of the Judiciary Committee. The
question referred by the resolution of the House,
was whether the widows and children of those
officers who died prior to the 15th of May, 1778,
were entitled to the benefits of that provision. A
report was made by Mr. Barnard, of New York,
then the chairman of the Judiciary Committee in
this House, expressing the confident and unwaver-
ing opinion of the committee that the resolution
was never intended to apply to any such class of
officers, and that it had no further retrospective
operation than to embrace such as had died be-
tween the I5th of May, 1778, and August, 1780.
I have, in the discharge of my duties upon the
committee, made similar reports. I have made
reports of that character at the present session of
Congress; and at the last session, I made a report
in the case of the heirs of James Conway, pre-
sented by my colleague, [Mr. Averett,] denying
the relief claimed there upon precisely similar
grounds.
The House will therefore perceive, fori will not
detain them further, that there is a glaring mistake,
both of fact and law. Major White was never a
military officer commissioned by Congress, and
was never a major in the revolutionary army.
His respectable son, who was at one time, I think,
chief justice of the State of New Jersey, does not
allege in his petition that hjs father was a major
in the revolutionary Army, but only says that he
was connected with the revolutionary Army; and
if he had been amajor in the revolutionary Army,
the law, as I have stated and shown to the House,
dees not justify the allowance of seven years'half
pay to the widow and children of that class of offi-
cers who died before the 35th of May, 1778.
In conclusion, I will say, that it is, at all times,
exceedingly repugnant to my feelings to interpose
objections to the relief asked by those who are,
doubtless, anxiously expecting the bounties they
solicit from Congress; and nothing but the consid-
eration that the House might be misled, and per-
haps be induced to vote as they would not if they
correctly understood the facts of the case, con-
strained me on yesterday to object to the motion
of the gentleman from New Jersey, to take this
bill from the table. I should be individually very
well satisfied if the House should grant this relief
to the petitioner; and if, after this explanation,
they shall determine to do so, as a mere matter of
gratuity and bounty, while it is not consistent with
my views of public duty to give such a vote, yet,
I assure the House that no gentleman here—not
even the honorable gentleman who is the immedi-
ate representative of Judge White—could be per-
sonally more gratified at therelief extended to him
in his old age and necessity, than I should be.
But that we shall be establishing a dangerous prin-
ciple, and one entirely at variance with our system,
I cannot doubt. In this country, there is no he-
reditary title, either to honors, or the rewards of
merit and service. Under our republican Consti-
tution, the service rendered by one manisnot
transmissible to his descendants, so as to entitle
them to bounties and rewards, when they have
themselves rendered no public service.
Mr. STRATTON". My honorable friend from
Virginia has stated to the House his knowledge
of the claim when it was before the committee.
I hold in my hand the report of D. Newell, for-
merly known as a member of the preceding Con-
gress, presented on the 8th February, 1848, which
I will send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk then read the report, as follows:
"The committee to whom was referred the petition of
J. M. White beg leave respectfully to report—
" That John Moore White, the petitioner, is the only sur-
viving son and heir of Major John White, who was an
officer in the American Army during the revolutionary war;
that Major White was an Irish gentleman who, prior to lite
war, settled in the United States, and was a merchant in
the city of Philadelphia; that about the year 1765 or 1766
he married a Miss Moore, of the county of Cumberland, in
the State of New Jersey, who died m 1770, leaving three
sons, of whom the petitioner is the youngest. After the death
of his wife he returned to Europe, and was there at the time
of the declaration of our independence. Very soon after that
event, he returned to this country and joined the American
Army; that Major John White was on the 4th day of Octo-
ber, 1777, acting as one of the aids of Major General John
Sullivan at the battle of Germantown, and there received
a mortal wound by a shot from Chew's house, whilst he
was attempting to set fire to the house, with a view to dis-
lodge the Butish troops who had taken shelter therein ; that
he survived hut a few days, and died in the neighboi hood
of the battle-field. There is before the committee the certifi-
cate of an old lady—whose character for veracity is vouched
for by some of the most respectable gentlemen of the State
of New Jersey—who states that she saw Major White after
the battle of Germantown, wounded, and that he died a
tew days after in consequence of his wound. This is also
substantiated by the testimony of a soldier who was in that
battle, and deposes to this fact. Additional testimony to
this end may be found in the letter of Major General Sulli-
van, published in Washing-ton's Letters, by Sparks, page
466; Thatcher's Military Journal, pages 142 and 143; in
General Wilkinson's Annals of Philadelphia, volume 2;
also, in several affidavits now in the possession of the com-
mittee.
" That the petitioner is the son of Major White is clearly
shown by an abundance of the most respectable testimony,
the authors of which are well known by reputation to the
writer of this report: also, by the evidence of the daughter
of a chaplain in the revolutionary Army, who had fre-
quently heard her father converse with the petitioner about
his father's untimely end at the battle of Germantown. A
transcript from the family book, now in the possession of
the petitioner, proves him to be the son of Major White;
in which book is also recorded, as follows; 'John White,
' merchant, of Philadelphia, was killed by the British, at
' the battle of Germantown, October4, 1777, while fighting
< for the liberties of America. He was aged about forty-six
1 years.'
" That the petitioner is the only surviving heir of Major
White, is shown by abundant testimony. That neither he,
nor any of the other heirs of Major White, whilst living,
received any compensation, is apparent from the fact that
Major White died in the early stage of the war, and that
application has never been made, until this time, for the
payment of the claim. This is further provpd by a letter
from the Third Auditor of the Treasury, (Mr. Hagner,)
stating that no payment has ever been made to his heirs.
"The writer of this report begs leave further to state,
that the petitioner was attorney geneial to the State of New
Jersey, and subsequently, for many years, an associate
justice of the supreme court of that State; that he is a gen-
tleman of great moral and intellectual worth ; that m con-
sequence of a disease of his eyes he was obliged to relin-
