570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from_ Iowa
will allow the bill to establish a navy-yard in San
Francisco to be taken up. I wish to make some
remarks in reply to what the Senator from Penn-
sylvania said on Friday. I was then entiled to
the floor on the bill, and it was, on my motion,
postponed to this day.
Mr. .TONES, of fowa. My honorable friend
will recollect that he himself agreed, on Friday,
when that bill was taken up, that it should not
consume more than an hour or two.
Mr. GWIN. On that day.
Mr. JONES. He said he had no disposition to
debate it himself, and that there would not be much
debate upon it; but it is evident that it is to lead to
very considerable debate. It was then agreed that
this day should be set apart for the consideration
of the bill which I have mentioned. The Sena-
tor from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] has had the floor
upon it for some time. He commenced his speech,
spoke for a few moments, and was compelled to
postpone his remarke for other matters of minor
importance. I hope the Senate will now take up
that bill, that the Senator from Tennessee may
proceed with his speech. I think the bill can be
disposed of to-day, or at all events to-morrow or
next day; and then I shall be very willing to as-
sist the Senator from California in having his bill
taken up arid acted upon.
Mr. Il/IDGER. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from California, that in my judg-
ment, it would be better to let our friend from Iowa
have his hill considered this morning. He has
had exceedingly bad luck with it heretofore. The
bill to which the Senator from California refers,
will undoubtedly produce some discussion. I
think it would he better to take up this bill and
get through with it, and then we can take up the
bill of the Senator from California.
Mr. GWIN. If I thought there was the slightest
prospect of settling the question involved in the
bill of the Senator from lowawithm a month, I
would not oppose his motion; but I am perfectly
confident that that bill will not be passed by this
body within a month. The question involved in
the till which I propose to bring up,isa local one,
and can soon be decided; but a dozen States are
interested in the bill of theSenator from Iowa, and
the whole policy of giantmg donations for the
purposes of internal improvements is debated
upon this bill. If I thought it would be passed
within a month, I should not interpose any objec-
tion. As the bill of the Senator from fown is the
first on the Calendar, 1 do not wish to put it outof
its order, but 1 would like to have an opportunity
for the consideration of my bill.
The motion of Mr. Jovrs was agreed to.
Mr. UELL resumed and concluded the speech
which he commonccd some days ago. His speech
will be found m the Appendix.
Mr. HUNTER wmr next recognized by the
Chair; but the usual hour of adjournment had ar-
rived, and on his motion
Tine Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 16, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Morgan*.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
TERRITORIAL BUSIJN'ISSh.
Mr. STUART. With the permission of the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Air. Naders,] who
is entitled to the floor, I would ask the unanimous
consent of the Ho-Wf to make a report from the
Committee on Territories.
The SPEAKER. Last Monday, the gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Nabers] was upon
the floor, in the act of asking the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce certain resolutions,
but was deprived of it by a question of privilege ■
made by the gentleman from Kentucky, and ac-
quiesced m by the House; but the gentleman from
Mississippi not rising to-day, the gentleman from
Michigan is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STUART. I ask the unanimous con- ,
sent of the House to offer the following resolution ;
as a report from the Committee on Territories:
«Rc?ohed That the thud week m April nest, or as ■
much thereof a= may be necessary for that purpose, be set
apart tor the consideration ot territorial business, and that
dmuig tii.it time such business shall take precedence and :
fee legarded as the special order." 1
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to strike
out the third week in April, and insert the first
week.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
rules of the House would have to be suspended,
before a special order could be made. Leave has
been granted for the introduction of the resolu-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I suppose that it is under-
stood that all t.he rules are suspended.
The SPEAKER. Not if there is objection, in
the opinion of the Chair. What motion did the
gentleman from Georgia submit ?
Mr. STEPHENS. My motion was to strike
out{< the third week,"and insert " the firstiveek;"
but the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley]
urges me not to make the motion, and therefore I
shall not do it. I was afraid that if postponed to
the third week in April, the territorial business
would be entirely neglected.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It will be impossible
for the Committee on Territories to submit all the
propositions in relation to the Territories before
the time designated in the resolution. The reso-
lution was offered by the instructions of the com-
mittee.
The question was then taken on the resolution,
and it was agreed to.
CASE OF PROSPER M. "WETMORE.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following resolution; which was considered
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this
House whether the accounts of Prosper M. Wetmore, late
Navy agent in thecityof New York, as adjusted, show any
defalcation on ln.s part, and if so. when such defalcation
was discovered, and the amount thereof; whether any, and
if so what, steps have b eu taken to collect the amount
which said Wetmoie Jailed to pay ovei, and whenpioceed-
nigs were commenced, if at all, to collect said amount.
Also, whether any compromise was at any tunc made hc-
tween the 8ecretaiy ot the Trcasmy oi the Solicitor thereof
and - aid Wetmore, oi anv arrangement entered into respect-
ing ^uch alleged defalcation, and it so, what was such eoni-
piomiM1 or ariangement, and whether the bamc ha'
complied with.
MILE AOR OF J1EM3GATE FROM OREGON-.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report a bill from the
Committee on Mileage. I will state to the House,
that it has been understood that the mileage com-
pensation of the Delegate from Oregon has been
regulated by the law of 1818, but the committee
discover that the law organizing a territorial gov-
ernment for that Territory limits the compensa-
tion of the delegate to #2,500. The object of this
bill is to repeal the clause containing that limita-
tion. It is the only limitation upon the mileage
of any delegate or member, and I hope there will
be no objection to the introduction of the bill.
There being no objection,
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Mileage, then reported a bill to regulate the mile-
age of the Delegate from the Territory of Oregon;
which was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. KING, of New York, called for the read-
ing of the bill.
The Clerk read the bill.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I should like
to hear read that provision of the law which it is
proposed to repeal. Has the gentleman from In-
diana got it here?
Mi\ HENDRICKS. No, I have not got the
provision heie, but it is exceedingly brief. It
reads, I think, "Provided, the mileage of said
Delegate shall not exceed two thousand five hun-
dred dollars.'1
Mr. STEPHENS. T think that a good limita-
tion, and I am against its repeal.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask that the report of
the Committee may be read. It will perhaps re-
move any objection there may be to the passage
of the bill.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The Committee on Mileage have had under considera-
tion the mileage compensation of the Delegate from Oregon,
and find:
That by the law establishing the territorial government
of Oregon, the mileage compensation of said Delegate is
limited to $0,500. The committee believe, that, at the last
session of Congress, it was understood that said limitation
was not then in force, as the Delegate from said Territory
was allowed, and did receive, mileage above that amount,
but by what authority the committee are not able to learn.
Similar provisions are found m the laws establishing the
territorial governments of Utah and New Mexico, but
they are inoperative, as the mileage of the Delegates from
said Territoiies does not amount to that sum under the law
of 1818, which regulates the pay and mileage of members
of Congress and Delegates from Territories. At the second
session of the Thirtieth Congress, the mileage of the Qfls-
gate from Oregon was regulated by the provision of the law
above quoted. But at the fir^t session of the Thirty-first
Congress, the mileage of the Delegate from Oregon, and of
the Senators and Representatives from California, was regu-
lated by an act passed at that session, entitled " An act to
supply tlie deficiency m the appropriation for pay and mile-
age of members of Congress for the present session," ap-
proved September 20th, 1850. But that statute only oper-
ated during the session of Congress at which it was passed,
and after that left the compensation of the Senators and
Representatives from California to be regulated by the law
of 1818, and that of the Delegate from Oicgon to be regu-
lated by the law organizing the territorial government
above-mentioned.
" Since the enactment of the law regulating the compen-
sation of members of Congicss and Delegates from Temlo-
ries, in 1818, exceptions to the rule of compensation, pie-
scribed in said statute, have been made only in two instances.
One was the law above-mentioned, which limited the mile-
age of the Senators and Reptesentafives from California,
[ and the Delegate from Oregon, tor one session; and the
I other is the law above-mentioned, which limits the mileage
| compensation of the Delegate fiom Oregon to $2,500.
! " Thehonoiable Delegate from Oregon is the only gentle-
| man, icpre«entmg a State or Territory in eithei branch of
{ Congi ess, whose compensation is thu« limited. And the
' committee, though of the opinion that the law of 1818 ought
' to be amended, and perhaps a fixed limit established to the
mileage compensation, think that while that law remains,
no discrimination, to the prejudice of the Delegate fiom
! Oiegon,oughttobemade; but that his compensation should
] be regulated by the same law that regulates the compensa-
| lion of othw Representatives of States and Teiritories in
i Congress. The committee therefore repoitabill, repealing
! that pait of the law establishing the territorial government
| of Oregon which limits the compensation ot said Delegate,
| as afoiesaid."
I Mr. WOODWARD. I would ask the chair-
' man of the Committee on Mileage whether the
i general law—I think the law of 1818—does not
! provide that in no instance shall the mileage ex-
! ceed the per diem ?
! Mr. HENDRICKS. No; I think it makes no
j such limitation.
Mr. WOODWARD. My impression is that it
I does.
! Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very positive that
i it does not.
Mr. FITCH. There is a provision of that kind
. in the law; but that provision has been evaded by
, Congress ever since its adoption. We ought not,
injustice, to adopt any limitation that will operate
: upon one delegate or member on this floor and not
| upon others. There is a provision in the law or-
j ganizing the Territory of Oregon, that the Dele-
i gate from that Territory shall not receive mileage
! exceeding §2,500. After the admission of Cali-
j forma, there being no law applicable to the Repre-
1 sentatives of that State, they of course drew their
mileage under the general law of 1818, and they
, consequently draw much more mileage than the
! Delegate from Oregon can do, in consequence of
the special law applicable to him. The object of
i the committee, I suppose, is to put them all on the
I same footing, by repealing the special law in re-
1 lation to the Delegate from Oregon, and permitting
! him to draw what he would draw under the gen-
! eral law.
| The general law is defective, but we ought not
i to remedy the defects of that law at the expense
j of one delegate or representative only. We should
i make it operative alike upon all.
| Mr. WOODWARD. I am in favor of this bill
j for the very reason stated by the gentleman from
| Indiana. I am for limiting all mileage by the same
, law, and if there exists a provision in the general
1 law applicable to all members, the special law for
; the Delegate from Oregon ought to be repealed,
j Mr. FOWLER. I wish to ask a question of
the chairman of the Committee on Mileage. A
, bill has been introduced and referred to that com-
: mittee which proposes to reform and regulate the
mileage of all the members; I wish to inquire
whether the committee have taken up that bill r
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes. It has been under
consideration before the committee.
Mr. FOWLER. I wish, then, to inquire whether
the committee propose action upon that bill, or
1 whether they propose that this shall supersede
action on that bill?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course the committee,
will report back the bill referred to them. What
report they will make, I am not prepared to say,
as the committee have not yet decided.
Mr. FOWLER. I do not desire to know how
