1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2347
quish his professional business. The disease has gradually
increased until he has now become entirely blind. He did
not, until dnven to do so by necessity, petition Congress for
his rights, feeling a strong and natural disinclination to he
the recipient of a bounty so long as he was able to sustain
himselt by hts own exertions. This will account for the
Unusual delay in presenting his just and unquestionable
claim. He is now seventy eight years of age, and if relief
come to him at all, it must come soon, or he will be beyond
the reach of oftentimes but tardy justice."
Mr. BROWN, of New Jersey. Withthe per-
mission of the gentleman I will say a few words.
I have given some examination to this case, and
have not arrived at the same conclusion as the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Miixson.] I feel
obliged to him, however, for the courteous terms
in which he has spoken of the petitioner, Judge
White, of New Jersey. I feel that the spotless
character he has sustained during a long life, and
his present necessity and misfortune, (a state of
total blindness,) justify gentlemen in extending to
him not only words of courtesy, but those of
sympathy. The objections taken by the gentle-
man from Virginia are two. The first is, that
Major White, the father of the petitioner, was not
commissioned by Congress; and I admit, sir, that
there is no evidence that he was so commissioned.
But the very reason why this case is presented
here is, that it does not come precisely within the
resolution of the loth May, 1778. Petitioners
come here for relief because their cases substan-
tially are within the general laws passed by Con-
gress on this subject, but are not technically and
literally within such laws. Now, sir, Major
White may not have been commissioned by Con-
gress as a major in the Revolutionary Army. He
was commissioned, if at all, by one of the agents
of the Congress—by one of the generals of the
Army, and the probability is that he received his
commission from General Sullivan, upon whose
staff he was serving when killed. There is no
doubt at all from the evidence, that he was in the
service from the commencement of the war up to
the time of his death at the battle of Germantown.
There is evidence here that he stated on one occa-
sion, that he preferred sleeping on a hard floor to
a bed, because he was accustomed to camp life.
There is evidence also here, as remarked by the
gentleman from Virginia, that from his elegant and
officer-like appearance, he had acquired in the
army the sobriquet of Beau White. That he was
gallant and distinguished m the service, is stated
by General Sullivan in a letter which he wrote
immediately after the battle of Germantown. In
that letter the General states that in that conflict
he had lost General Nash, of South Carolina, and
his aids Major Sherbourne and Major White,
whose acts of distinguished bravery, he said,
would entitle them to the gratitude of their coun-
try. Now, sir, whether Major White was com-
missioned or not by Congress, I submit to this
House whether, having been a gallant officer and
served in the manner specified, and having met the
approbation of his brother officers in theArmy and
his General, hedoes not come substantially within
the meaning of the resolution of Congress which
was intended to give to all of these officers seven
years' half pay.
Mr. MILLSON. Will my friend allow me to
say a word here? It is only this, that attempts
to extend the provisions of the resolution of 1778
and 1780 were made even before the adoption of
the present Constitution; and it was deliberately
resolved by the Congress in these words: " That
half-pay cannot be allowed to any officer, or to
any class or denomination of officers to whom it
has not been expressly promised."
Mr. BROWN. I believe, sir, we are now in
the Congress of the United States, one branch of
which has already acted upon this very question;
and I am now speaking to the question whether
this branch of the Congress ought not to unite in
extending relief to those who have performed all
the service required by those resolutions, although
not commissioned by Congress—in this case, to a
man who fell after performing acts of distinguished
bravery in the service of his country. I contend,
sir, that these resolutions ought to be so extended.
Upon that point I trust that the House will have
no difficulty.
But, sir, I understand the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to contend that if Major White had been
commissioned by Congress, he was still not en-
titled to relief under these resolutions, and that it
has been so decided by Congress heretofore. If
that be so, I trust it will never prove to be so in
future. Why, by the very terms of these resolu*
tions, if he had been commissioned by Congress a
major in the Army of the United States, he would
have been entitled to receive at the Pension Office,
without applying here, these seven years'half pay.
It is true that he was not embraced in the resolu-
tion of the 15th May, 1778, because that applies
only to those officers who served during the war.
But the second resolution, passed on the24th Au-
gust, 1780, was intended to meet the very case,
and to extend the resolution of 1778 to other cases;
and by that resolution the provisions of the reso-
lution of 1778 were expressly extended to all offi-
cers who might thereafter die, or who had there-
tofore died. Now, it is said by the gentleman
from Virginia that a different construction has
been given to these two resolutions; that they have
been held not to apply to any person who died
before the passage of the first resolution, because
no promise had been made to such person. Well,
sir, 1 say that is an arbitrary construction—it is
contrary to the literal meaning of the words con-
tained in the second resolution. The widows and
children of all those officers who shall have died,
or who may hereafter die, are to be entitled, under
these resolutions, to this bounty. These are the
express terms of the second resolution.
Mr. MILLSON. My friend has not quoted
correctly the terms of the laws. The terms are,
that the benefits of the act of the 15th May shall
be extended to those who have heretofore died.
Mr. BROWN. Here is the resolution:
"Resolved, That the resolution of the 15th of May, 1778,
granting halt pay tor seven years to the officers of the Army
who should continue in the service to the end of the war,
be extended to the widows of those officers who have died,
or shall hereafter die in the service ; to commence from the
time of such officer's death, and to continue for the term of
seven years; or, if there he no widow, or in case of tier
death or intermarriage, the paid half pay be given to the or-
phan children of the officer aforesaid, if he shall have left
any, and that it be recommended to the respective States to
which such officer belong, to make provision for paying the
same on account of tile United States, that the restricting
clauses in the resolution of May loth, 1778, granting half
pay to the officers for seven years, expressed in these
words, viz : < And not hold any office of profit under these
States, or any of them,5 be, and is hereby repealed."
The benefits of the act of 1778 are extended by
this second resolution to the widows and children
of those who had died. Now, Major White had
died before the passage of the first resolution,
and it would seem that he had died too early; that
he had entered the service too promptly; and that
he was at the battle of Germantown, and fell there
too soon in an act of distinguished bravery, and,
therefore, his children are to be excluded from the
benefits of these resolutions by this technical con-
struction. I say it is a construction not only to
the dishonor of the Congress of the United States,
but contrary to what would be the construction of
any enlightened court.
I submit to this House, that this is a meritori-
ous case, and that an act ought to be passed grant-
ing relief to this venerable old man, distinguished
in his prime, but®ow driven by misfortune to be
a petitioner. I move to suspend the rule which
requires all bills making appropriations to be con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Has not that
rule been suspended already ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. The rule was
suspended for the purpose of taking up the bill
only.
The question now being upon Mr. Brown s
motion to suspend the rules,
Mr. COBB demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Molony and Curtis were ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 87, noes 32.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the rule
was suspended.
The question recurred upon the motion to refer
the bill to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. AVERETT. Is it in order to move an
amendment to that bill'
The SPEAKER. Not pending the motion to
commit. The motion to commit is immediately
before the House.
Mr. AVERETT. It was*.remarked by my
friend and colleague, [Mr. Millson,] a short time
ago, that a petition coming from my district stood
upon the same grounds, and depended upon the
same principles, as the bill now before the House.
I have not the papers in relation to that case now
before me, and I do not mean to detain the House
with any attempt to give an acconnt of my recol-
lection of the case. My recollection, in short, is,
that it is a petition of an officer of the Revolution,
whose petition has been favorably reported upon
once and again, but which has failed between the
two Houses; and as well as I can recollect—and
if I am wrong my colleague will correct me—there
never has been an adverse report upon it until the
one to which the gentleman from Virginia refers,
and which was made by himself. My purpose
in rising at this time is, to ask the House, if this
bill is to be taken into consideration, that the
amendment which I have sent to the Clerk's table
shall be added to it; and if it be decided favorably
upon, or acted upon at all, thattherepresentatives
of Lieutenant Conway, whose claim stands upon
the same ground as this bill, shall be participants
in the benefits of it.
Mr. MILLSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to have read the concluding remarks of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, in 1842, upon this legal
question ?
Mr. AVERETT. Certainly, sir.
Mr. STUART. What report is that?
Mr. MILLSON. It is the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STUART. On this bill?
Mr. MILLSON. No; but on the principles
involved in the bill.
The Clerk.then read the extract, as follows:
" In conclusion, the committee, in answer to the resolu-
tion of the House, by which the House has directed them to
report their opinion on the legal question in this case, ex-
press a decided, unwavering, and clear conviction, on their
part, after due consideration, on the grounds stated in this
report, that it was not the intention of Congress, by the res-
olution of the 3'ltll of August, 1to extend the grant of
half pay for seven years to the widows or orphan children
of officers who died in the service before the 15th of May,
1778 ; and that the language of that resolution, when taken
in eonneclion with the resolution of the I5th ofMay, 1778,
does not fairly warrant such a construction."
Mr. AVERETT. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that no amendment is in order?
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
the motion to commit the bill. An amendment is
therefore not in order at this time.
Mr. AVERETT. My particular purpose in
addressing the Chair was to call the attention of the
House to the remark which fell from my col-
league, [Mr. Millson,] who stated that the peti-
tion of the representatives of James Conway stood
upon the same ground as this petition, and to ask
the House if they mean to act on this case, to act
at the same time upon that.
Mr. STUART. 1 think that for the last hour
we have understood this question at least as well
as we shall understand it to-day; and I therefore
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer the bill to a Committee of the Whole House,
and it was not agreed to.
Mr. AVERETT. Is an amendment to the bill
now in order ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
pending, which cuts off all amendments. By
unanimousconsenttheamendmentcan be received.
Mr. STRATTON. I object.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was subsequently read the third time.
Mr. STUART moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill. The previous question
was seconded, and the main question ordered.
Mr. LETCHER called for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was then passed.
CANAL AROUND THE FALLS OF ST. MARY.
Mr. STUART. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of taking from the Speaker's table
Senate bill No. 28, " granting to the State of Mich-
1 igan the right of way and a donation of public
' lands for the construction of a ship canal around
' the Falls of St. Mary."
Mr. B1SSELL. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment, that 1 may ask
the permission of the House to report a bill from
the Committee on Military Affairs, that it may be
referred to a Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill can be received and referred.
