572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 16,
instractiongproposed hy thegentleman from Mary- t
land. I propose the following amendment: i
And thai the Capuo! ba removed to within fifty miles of
tiie residues of each anti every member of this House, as
soon as convenient.
Mr. HALL. Is that amendment in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not in
order.
Mr. HALL. Then I will propose an amend-
ment to the instructions offered by the gentleman
from Maryland.
Mr. ROBINSON. I desire to know if I was
not recognized by the Chair ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
was recognized by the Chair, and is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HALL. I only desire to offer my amend-
ment. I do not propose to offer any remarks.
Mr. ROBINSON. I will allow the gentleman
to offer his amendment.
Mr. HALL. I propose the following amend-
ment to the instructions:
That the members of Congress shall hereafter receive,
as their compensation, the sum of ,$2,500 each, and their
actual necessary traveling expenses, from their place of
residence to th« s?nt of Government of the United States
tor each session of Congress, in lieu of the pay and mileage
allowvd under existing laws.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the amend-
ment is not in order until the proposition to re-
commit is disposed of.
Mr. ROBINSON. I propose to say a few
words in reference to the proposition before the
House. 1 believe I am correct in saying, that
whenever a proposition has come up before us for
what is called the reform of this mileage business,
X have voted in favor of it. But I think I shall be
able to show that gentlemen ought not to commence
this reform with the bill now under consideration.
I am in favor of equalizing this mileage, but I de-
wre to show that the only way you can possibly
make it equal, so far as the members of the present
House are concerned, is to pass the hill now he-
fore the House. Some time ago we were all rate- 1
chised by the chairman of the Committee on Mile- i
age, as to what was the usually traveled route from j
our residences to the seat of Government, and as to |
what were the distances. Wehove, I suppose, sev- '
"rally made answer, and tiiev have allowed us !
mileage according to the law of 1818, and we have
drawn our mileage. Now, I ask the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] how he will go to
work to make the equalization of which he speaks?
Will he compel the members to pay it back again ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think the proposition
will apply to any gentleman forthepresentsession.
The appropriation has been made, and the propo-
sition wilt not affect the present members of the
House in any way,
Mr. ROBINSON. Does not the gentleman
from Georgia see that it is doing the gentleman
from Oregon the grossest injustice, by making this
odious distinction against him5
Mr. TOOMBS. If is the law of the hind.
Mr* ROBINSON. Well, I know it is tim law, i
but I ask him if it is magnanimous; if it is gener- i
our, on his part to ask to discriminate against one
of his fellow members in that way? I know that |]
the organic law of Oregon fixed tfie mileage of the ;!
Delegate from that Territory at $2,500; but 1 know .<
also, that the Delegate from Oregon 1ms never ,i
heretofore been paid that sum, he has always been i'
paid more; by special provision in the appropria- ij
tion bill he was placed upon an equality with the \\
balance of us. Now, #o such existing law is upon :
the statute-book, because it was but a temporary ..
provision, and expired with the appropriation bill '<\
oi the year. It now falls back upon the organic '!
law. Air. Thurston was always'paid more'than .
vote against this bill as reported from the commit-
tee. it is a very good way for Buncombe to throw
these amendments m this way, for the purpose of
embarrassing the bill and defeating it. Let us
have a naked vote upon the naked bill as reported
from the committee, and see what the sense of the
House is upon that subject.
It will be time enough hereafter to adjust this
matter as to the manner it shall operate upon, the
j House in future. The gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] admits that we cannot go back,
we cannot make a retroactive law; and unless this
bill passes, therefore the Delegate from Oregon
must suffer under an odious and ungenerous dis-
crimination.
Now 1 do not deem it necessary to argue the
question as to whether §2,500 is compensation
enough for a man who comes from Oregon. But
I will simply state, that I do not think it is enough.
I believe that those who come from the Pacific
here, have to spend more money, in proportion,
in coming to Washington, than any other mem-
bers of this House, come whence they may.
It is an expensive, and a long and a dangerous
trip, and moreover it cannot be performed between
the long and theshortsessions,and members from
that section are obliged to come here at the com-
mencement of a Congress and remain here until
the end of it. An overland journey takes from
four to fix months.
Mr. STUART. I wish to submit a few re-
marks upon this question. I wish to ^ay that 1
will join, at any time, the members of this or any
other Congress, for the purpose of enacting a law
on this subject, which shall operate equally upon
all the members of this House. But,sir,Ishould
do something besides making an equality of pay.
Those of us who have had a little experience here,
know full well that there are some members of
this House who make more than one thousand
| dollars, upon certain occasions, in then* business at
j home, and draw their per diem all the time they
' are making it.
I Mr. CARTTEIt, (interrupting.) To what
i portion of the House will those remarks apply ?
! Mr. STUART. In regard to that inquiry,
• 1 would say to the gentleman from Ohio, that it is
of no importance to what portion of the members
they apply. If weare going to act upon the prin-
ciple of equality, let us do it in a proper manner.
[Here a message was received from the Presi- ]j lion.
simply to place thaDelegate from Oregon upon the
same basis which every other gentleman in the
House stands upon, until this day of millennium is
arrived at. When we commence the general sys-
tem of reform in regard to the mileage, this partic-
ular case will be comprehended in whatever system
may be adopted. All that the committee now ask
is, to place the Delegate from Oregon upon precisely
the same basis occupied by every other gentleman
here,until that object—which seems so easily to be
accomplished by gentlemen, but which I think v/ill
be found a most difficult one, when they get at it
—shall be finally accomplished.
Mr. SWEETSER. Mr. Speaker, I intend to
move, before I sit down, to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole upon the state of the
Union. The remarks I wish to make reflect not
in the least degree upon the honorable member
from California, or upon the committee that im-
ported this bill. I desire to say to this House,
that I have long since despaired of ever reme-
dying this evil here; but I shall not be deterred
from expressing1 my opinion and sentiments frank-
ly upon the subject, although gentlemen may talk
about Buncombe. Now, sir, at the time this ter-
ritorial government was organized over Oregon,
this House solemnly legislated in relation to this
matter of mileage, and it was placed at. the sum of
$2,500 for the Delegate from that Territory. I
have seen no reason for changing my opinion in
relation to that matter, and I do not intend to
change it in the vote I may give upon this bill. I
intend, when this subject comes up in the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, to move to fix the
mileage of the members of the House at a specific
sum. I am not in favor of going beyond one thou-
sand dollars, as mileage, to any member of tJr«
House, and fixing that as the maximum, and *,500
as the minimum—making it uniform. That sum
is sufficient. 1 move to refer this bill, with its
amendments, to the Committee of the WhH<j on
the state of the Union, and upon that I call the
previous question.
Mr. \LLlSON. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sweetser,] to withdraw his mo-
tion until I can offer an amendment, which I
think will meet with his approbation.
Mr. SWEETSER. Will vou renew it ?
Mr. ALLISON. 1 will. '
Air. SWEETSER. Then I withdraw mv rno-
^2,500. Here are the Representatives from Cali-
forma, who, under the law of 1818, get their lou^
mileage. Here is the Delegate from"Oregon, who ;
••onics several hundred miles further, that gets less
♦han half the amount i
hey receive. I want to put
' us question naked to this House, Will members
wr_o have drawn their long mileage and pocketed*
 l, now vote thnt their brother member shall not |
j'C treated as liberally, be discriminated against, I
vrho receives less than one half the sum others !
have received, and at the same session ; I am for
reform, but let tne general bill come up providing -
for putting us all upon an equality, and then I will
go witn the gentlem^nfromGeorgfa, [Mr. Toombs;]
< jt I wul not vote to discriminate against any
gentleman upon tJiia floor, as will he the case if I
dent of the United States by the hands of Millard
P. Fillmore, his Private Secretary.]
Mr. STUART, (resuming.) There have been
many cases where a man has not spent one month
here, during an entire long session of Congress,
and yet has drawn his per diem for the whole ses-
sion. Now, is this equality ? Do gentlemen sup-
pose that this question of equality can he reached
m a minute? When you have reduced the mileage i
of each member to an equality, have we settled j
all? No such thing. It is necessaiy to call the ■
roll here, and also to deduct the per diem for ab-
senee, before you will come near to an equality. 1
Now, it is known to everybody, that gentlemen :
who reside m the States near this Capitol, go 1
home, visit there, and return ar their pleasure. !
But does their pay stop during the time? if a man !
is unwell, and goes home, and remains there until 1
his convenience makes it proper for him to return, ;
is his pay suspended? But suppose a man has j
the privilege, merely, of going home: then I wuvld '
like to ask any gentleman who has a family, arid 1
children, how much he would give, as a matter of !
bargain, for the piivilege of going home to visit ;
them once a month, or once a week, or once in '
three months?
Mr. AVERETT, (interrupting/) In order to i
show the inequality of this mileage system, J :
would say that theie are members upon this floor !
receiving $200, or e\en as low as $150 mileage,
who find more difficulty in visiting their wives '
and children, and who do it less frequently, than ,
or,hers who are i evening from s800 to $1000
mileage.
Mr. STTJART, (resuming.) All th:.t goes to
show the difficulty that exists m reducing this
matter of milage to an equality; and the only ob- '
ject I had in view, in offering my remarks, was to ;
showto'the House, m a few words, if I could, the
impossibility of reaching that system of equality
which all talk so much about, and which all desire
so much. ' '!
But, sir, what is the proposition here? It is I
The amendment of Air. Allison was then
read by the Clerk, as follows:
That m computing the mileage of members of the
Senate and member* of the House of Representative*, ti :
«anie shall he computed by the most direct and ^ho'rt^r
mail route, or b\ the shortest piactieaMe tiaveled iond,
from the re-i.l^ueo of each 5-Vnator and member of tb<;
House of Representatives to the seat of Government.
Air. ALLISON. I offer this amendment, Air.
Speaker, because if such a resolution were adopt-
ed, it would relievo members of this House very
much, when they are called upon to furnish tne
Committee on Mileage with the distances of their
residences from the seat of Government. Now,
sir, you are aware, and if you. are not you hare
but to consult the Committee on Alileage to know
it, that there are several routes from the resi-
dences of each of the members of this House to
the seat of Government, and it sometimes embar-
rasses the members of that committee in compu-
ting the mileage of members; and it embarrasses
not only the committee but members of thr
House. By that amendment I propose that the
mileage shall be computed by the'shortest mai'
route, or by the shortest traveled route. Now, I
do not believe the spirit of the Jaw will, although
the language of it may, justify members in cdlcv.-
latjng their mileage by a circuitous route. I do not
oeheve the spirit of the law recognizes or counie
nances such a calculation, although its letter Joes.
1 believe that when that law was passed, members
of Congress had to reach this place by modes of
travel altogether more difficult than those which
they are now able to avail themselves of. Then,
many of them had to '■ome here on horseback,
and I do not know but some of them had to come
on foot. I believe it was intended that members
should be paid a per diem in traveling. Many of
them could not travel more than twenty miles n
day, and it wns intended that they should receive
eight dollars for traveling that distance. Now,
some of us can travel two or three hundred miles
a day, by railroad, and in doing that, we travel,
probably, a greater distance in one day than mem-
