1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
57M
bers formerly could in ten or fifteen days. I do i
tot believe that the law contemplated such a state ;
of things at all, and it is my conviction, that the j
law should be altered so that members be paid by j
the shortest practicable route. The law allows us j
now by the most usually traveled route. That in i
some cases is not the shortest by any means. I i(
would not impugn the motives of any member of ij
the House; but the law does give to members jj
mileage by roads that are indeed almost twice as ij
far as the direct road to and from their places of !i
residence. The spirit of the law never intended '!
this; and we should, if the letter of the law gives !'
it, so modify it that it cannot be evaded. Let gen- !'
riemen travel as they may, by die direct, or !,>
that the most convenient and comfoitable tu them- !■
selves, but let them not charge the Government j1
by the longest and most comfortable route. If j.
they are disposed to travel a circuitous road of j j
yeven or eight hundred miles when they can reach jj
the seat of Government by a road of four hundred ;i
miles, let them not charge by the eight hundred \]
mile route. I think that there is great proprie-
ly in the adoption of the amendment, so as to '
restrict to the shortest practicable mail or traveled i!
route, it will relieve the committee. You did me !'
the honor, Mr. Speaker, of placing me upon that ;
committee, and should 1 ever be permitted to !
meet in this Ilali when yon are again eonstitut- >
ing the coronnttecs, I would here merely give i
you a kind hint not to place rue upon that com-'
mittee. it is a very honorable and pleasant place ;
to serve, but i do not deshe to serve more than
one session upon it. [ trust we may now have in !
this House an indication of their disposition upon ;
<his subject. The committee wish to treat all the '
members here alike, to place them upon an equal-
ity, and to give all that thelaw allows; and yet we 1
find, by conversing with friends, that there exists ,
u desire to have thelaw altered. They say that j
us language, as it now stands, is wrong-; therefore i
let us now ha\e a test. I have no doubt but ihat j
every member here will vote for such an altera- '
nun. i have not found in my intercourse with I,
fhe members, any who are opposed to it. 1 have !i
offered this amendment to ascertain whether the Ij
committee shall hereafter be permitted to compute jj
mileage by the shortest practicable route fiom the
residence of members to the seat of Government,
i wish the matuv tested. I move that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SWEETSER called for the previous ques- j|
lion. ;{
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I hope the !i
gentleman will withdraw his call for the previous <i
question for a moment. \
Mr. SWEETSfiR. T withdraw it uncondi-
rionally. h
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 shall detain the House
.but a very few minutes, i run decidedly in fa\or j.
of the original bill as reported by the cornmiHee; ,
and it seems to me that in ah tins loose and irregu- j:
lar expression of the opinion of the House that |!
that bill is the omy sin^h- thing which points at all j
towards that equality and justice for which gentle-
men pretend to contend, it is a singular sort of j;
equality winch would pay a gentleman who trav- Ij
els from here to Baltimore forty cents a mile as ![
his traveling expenses, and which would pay a'i
man wiio travels from Oregon or California here
the sum of some two cenfs and a half per mile, jl
Everybody who knows anything of the road,(and <,
few gentlemen here do know anything about the
greater portion of it.) knows that the ratio of dan-
ger and difficulty and expense increases infinitely
with each mite as we go more remote from the
Capitol. Lef any gentleman attempt to effect a
policy of insurance upon his life when lie is going
from Washington city to California, and mark
the difference in the premium. And is not that a
matter as fairly to be taken into consideration as
the suggestion of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Eyans?] If a man exposes his life, as each
man who maKes this trip does imminently, is not
that fairly to be taken into consideration ? Is tlmre
any equality whatever m the naked principle logi-
cally and simply stated? Is there any principle
upon which this depends? that «. member who
travels one hundred miles 13 to get forty cents a
mile, and a member who travels three or four
thousand miles is to get two and a half cents per
mile, when the member who travels the longest
distance has to pay in proportion greater for ex-
penses than the member who travels the shortest
distance? Is it possible for any question to be pense with it entirely, and thsre is not a man in
clearer? It is obvious gentlemen cannot in this ; this House who wifl accord his consent to it sc
effort be actuated simply by a desire for equality. cheerfullv and so readily as I will. There is not
Gentlemen talk of the sacrifice which all other jj a man who cares so little about money as i do,as
members " ~ -p.-j i-- * i-   *
business.
Ev
.   of
that kind be reported, and it will receive my cheer-
ful and ready consent. But there has been in the
whole legislation of the country, ever since Cali-
fornia attempted to be admitted into the Union up
to this moment, a system of distinctions and dis-
criminations against that State, which is enongy
vanccmeut of my private and personal fortune than ! "to drive any generous and independent people into
any man in this House; infinitely more. Mem- j resentment, and into a very serious expression of
Illustrations of this occur to me
also, and i a are say have received more in a sin-
gle fee—more for a single two hours' discussion, (
than that gentlemen ever did in any one year— ■
even the most lucrative year of his practice, j
My seat upon this floor costs me more. I make
each and every day a greater sacrifice in the ad
bers ought to bear in mind these collateral tacts.
A member that comes back from California is en-
titled, in the minds of the House, to the consider- ,
ation of another fact, that he not only lias to come
back from California, but that he had to go there. ;
I know that I myself was nine months in making ,
that trip-—nine months of peril and of danger. 1 i
felt when I started that i had a high mission to j
accomplish; one in which I have persisted regu- j
larly, constantly, and perseveringly ever since, j
Other men did not choose to undertake it. Other j
gentlemen having comfortable, convenient, easy, j
!uciati\e situations at home preferred remaining ,
there. It costs some gentlemen nothing to come ;
to Congress. It cost* them nothing to run for !
Congress. It cos; me a year of my" life, with |
many, many chances of losing if altogether, I beg j
leave to assure the House, that my mileage, great !
as u looks to a man in the States, did not bring i
me even with my actual expenditures in the can- ;
vass by which 1 now hold this seat here. 1 was ,
out of pocket after 1 got from the Serreant-at- >
Arms all even of this seemingly extravagant mile- ,
age. Gentlemen seem, however, to forget all the ;■ one hand, to make appropriations absolutely n
facts in reference toColifornid—even that her mem- u cessary for California, and the promptitude ar
bers are very inadequately compensated for their
trouble and expense m getting here. I paid in gold
dust more money than I have received from the.Ser-
geant-at-Arms of this House. ATow, where would
be the equality m cutting down this rate? Why,
the barley feed for my mule—and we travel there
where none could go but a mule—is fifty cents per
pound, and you have to feed a great many pounds
in fc.cramhh go\ er such rocks as we have to scram-
ble over; fifty cents a pound, or five dollars a day, 1
for the mere feeding of jour animal; twenty-five j
cents a drink, [laughter,*] and the people of Cali-
fornia v/ill once in a while take a drink m election :
times, when the great Democratic paity is making
a powerful, and as it turned out, a successful ef-
fort, to organize itself. In fcreatand exciting times
like that, ihe people of California will sometimes
take a drink; and you have to pay a quarser for it
every time. | Laughter.] You have to pay in the
mountain* even more. Thecireumstanr es of any
gentleman of any relation there are widely differ-
ent from what they are here; and these differences ;i the compensation of the members ofthe legislative
ought fairly to be taken into consideration. They Ij branch of the Government—ar, least I so undei
talk about equality: 1 say this mileage does nut j, stand n. And heie I have a pertinent inquiry to
make me on an equality with any of those gentle- !j put: vVhy is li that the members of the legislative
men, especially the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. .j branch of the Government are perpetually assa.il-
Carttek;} and I will venture that, at the end of ;! ing their own compensation, without our everhear-
any Congressional term, the gentleman from Ohio, ] ing any complaint of the compensations erivtn u*
who was so violent m his denunciations of the in- 'j any other branch? Why has yoyr President never
equalities r>f mileage paid to us, is very much more ,■ besought you to reduce hi"compensation } lliu :
their resentment.
constantly. There is found three ounces of gold
dust in Georgia and JN'orth Carolina, and all at
once a Mint springs oyer the spot to com it. We
have a hundred millions a year, and we cannot
get a blacksmith shop, and we do not want any -
thing better—any sort of a log hut—so the Gov-
ernment will send its sovereign power there to
stamp our gold with the mark of its true value,
and to give it its market value as it comes from
the mines and the hands of the laborer. That is
all we ask, and we cannot get it done. In New
Orleans £3,000,000 have been appropriated for a
custom-house, and in San Franc'sco $300,000—
San Francisco being infinitely ahead at the same
time in the revenue she yield's to the Government.
These are two of the hundreds of odious and un-
reasonable discriminations which are made by this
Government against the State I represent here.
I have forborne to speak of these things—have
ne\er sought to speak of them; but the neglect of
this House upon the one hand, and its spasmodic
activity upon the other—the utter neglect, on the
e-
promptitude and
readiness exhibited upon the other nana to cm
down the compensation of the Representative from
that State, would make it meanness in me to for-
bear longer from showing, at least, that California
has got some sort of Representative upon this
floor, who means to have her voice distinctly
heard.
Mr. WOODWARD. I merely wished to sug-
gest my reasons for approving the report of the
committee, when I inquired whether there waa
not a general law and restriction applicable to all
members. It is stated, however, that that restric-
tion has been overlooked heretofore. 1 cannot
help it. f do not think it a very material matter
that it has been, setting apart the consideration of
morality. 1 rise now to make an observation in
reference to the proposition of the gentleman ove:
the way, who has submitted an amendment. The
object of that amendment is to determine by wha:
indications the route proper to be traveled by th* 
member, shall be selected. The aim is to ivduc
the gamer than an) Delegate from any remote
Territory whatever, upon the mere pay and mile-
age; and he has got twice as much now clear
profit—twice as much as 1 have, or could by pos-
sibility have.
I was m the hope that it was not necessary for
me to say anything at all upon the subject to-day.
I mean at a proper period to discuss it more se-
liousiyand more at length. I have contented my-
self, at present, with merely showing that there
was at least one man in the House who does not
hold to the opinions which hu\e been expressed
so readily all around.
Cut here is an opinion which I have to express.
If gentlemen thinkthis matlc-rof mileage is a hum-
bug—that it is a living injustice; that it is a re-
proach to Congress—if gentlemen want to talk to
Buncombe about the&e questions, I have a propo-
sition to make, which I do now make expressly
your heads of Deportments e\er clamored here to
have iheir compensations reduced? Has your
Army ever done it? Has your Navy ever asked
this? Have your Diplomatic Corps ever com-
plained that they received too much? Such v.
proposition from either of these services would fill
this House and the country with amazement.
And yet these officers receive compensations, m
some cases, two hundred percent, higher than the
compensation given to members of"this Itou^e.
Your President receives ^,25,000 a year. \V;.-
Heads of Departments receive, 1 ihmtf, e.ich a:>'nu
$0,000 a year. Your Judiciary receive *5,000 a
year. Your Diplomatic Corps receive from S6,00t;
to $18,000 a year, and that year inwde as short as
the President may choose to make it. Your in .si-
rate subordinates under the President receive $6,000
a year; your second-rate subordinates receive fiom
$3,000 to $4,000 a year. Yofir third-rate subordi-
to Buncombe, and 1 want the Reporters to write ;! nates receive from 81,600 to ^2,500 a year. Ami
it down—1 will sacrifice all ray mileage readily. I ■' yet, never, from thefoundatioiiof thisGovernrnent,
am able to do it, thank Providence and the gold has one solitary Executive suboidinaie besoucat
J mines. I will give up all my mileage. I say, just you to reduce his compensation. But is this all -
acknowledge the whole system a humbug; dis- ; No, sir. They have, on the contrary, a large pro-
