1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
t4U
I wish, however, that it may
I now move the previous ques-
if i had the rignt
be rejected.
Mr. EVANS.
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the jj
main question ordered. ;
The SPEAKER. The fnotion pending is to jj
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole tl
on the state of the Union. !!
Mr. DEAN. If this motion prevails, can we '}
pass upon these amendments? ; '
The SPEAKER. Kot amendment will be in j
order under the operation of the previous ques- ,1
tion. i]
Mr. DEAN. Then it«is impossible to pass the |j
original biM at present, if it goes to the Commit- !i
tee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think ji
that it follows at all. Under the operation of the !
previous question, the question will be taken first j
upon the motion to commit, then upon the amend.- ;
ments of the Committee on Public Lands, and i
then upon the bill itself. .
The question was then taken on the motion to
commit, and it was decided in the negative. \
Mr. HALL. My purpose now is, that the I
amendment of the Committee on Public Lands be !
rejected.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be read a third 'j
time, and was subsequently read the third time. ;j
Mr. EVANS. I ask the previous question j|
upon the passage of this bill. ^ !j
The previous question received a second, and ||
the main question was ordered to be now put, and ||
being put, the lull was passed. [
The SPEAKER. Exports are in order from !
the Committee on Public Lands. i
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a privileged ques- !
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the j
bill was just passed, and to lay the motion to re- j
consider upon the table. i
The latter motion was agreed to.
GRANT FOR RAILROADS IN MISSOURI. ;
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Public i
Lands, reported back, with an amendment, Sen- 1
ate bill No. 3, to grant the light of way to the I
State of Missouri, and a portion of the public !
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in said State. ;
Mr. H. I ask that the hill be read.
The bill, which grants the right of way and a •
portion of the public lands to aid in the construc- 1
tion of a railroad from the town of Hannibal to '<
the town of St.-Joseph, in said Stste, and from
the city of St. Louts to such point on the western
borders of said State as moy be designated by the
authority of said Sia'e, was then read through,
and the following is the fifth section thereof, viz:
" Sep. 5. ."j1/;'' beitjurther enocle'', That lfeithei of the !
said railroads shall not be completed \ntlii<i ten years, the J
said State of Missouri "hall tie Imund to pay to the United ,
States the amount winch may be received by said State j
upon the sale of any pa* t of caiJ lands granted to the use of
such road, tile title to the paiehi--er5 uii'iei -aid Staff le-
maimng valid; and the t.tie to fie te.-idue of s.iki lauds,
granted"to the use ot said roads, shall remvottni the United
States, to have and to hold the same in the sair.e mannei as
if this act had not been passed."
as the work progresses, and that, if the work be not
finished within ten years, then the sales of the land
shall stop, and the money- taken and received for
the lands shall go into the Treasury of the United
States. The Committee oil Public Lands provide
that these lands shall only be disposed of in this
way: that lands along twenty miles of the road
may be disposed of first, and no more; and that,
when the road is finished through that twenty
miles, and the Governor of the State shall certify
that fact to the Secretary of the Interior, then the
State of Missouri may sell the lands twenty miles
further along the road, and so on, until the road is
finished; but, if the road is not finished within ten
years, then the sale shall stop, and the land re-
is already constructed and in operation a road
from the Illinois river to Springfield,apd arrange-
ments have been made, I believe, to place linjef
contract, pretty soon, a road connecting with the
| Indiana road. " There are about fifteen miles be-
ll tween the city of Q.uincy and some point upon this
j other road, or the terminus of the road, a long
; line on which there is no public lands. What we
■ desire is*, that we of the State of Illinois may have
1 an opportunity to connect our road with this'roaj.
i being constructed by the Government, and make
) it advantageous to us by the privilege of the right
| of way through any of the land oil the road in
! that district.
i Mr. HALL. I do not object to theamendment
an amendment to the
Yes, an amendment to
I wish to ask thegen-
mainiug unsold shall revert to the United .States. j if you will offer it at once, and move the previous
At the commencement of this session I urged  --
as a reason why the House should act upon the
bill, either to pass or reject it, the fact, that a ref-
erence of it to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union would place it beyond our
reach. That bill, however, was referred, and four
months experience must certainly have taught
gentlemen here, that the committal of the bill was
the defeat of the bill. All that I ask the House,
therefore, is, to vote either for or against the bill
now; either kill it, or pass it. With a view to
bring tile House to a direct vote, I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will thegentleman from
Missouri withdraw his demand for the previous
question for a single moment? and 1 will renew it.
If, when the gentleman hears my proposition,
and does not accede to it, I will not insist on
olfering it, and will go foi the bill.
Mr. HALL. I cannot yield the floor, but I
will withduuv for the purpose of allowing the
gentleman from Illinois to make a remark.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri will recollect that there is some difficulty in
retaining the floor if it is objected to.
Mr. RICHARDSON, i will renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only mentions it
that there may be no mistake between the gen-
tlemen. Does the gentleman from Missouri with-
draw the demand for the previous question?
Mr. HALL. Upon one condition; and it is,
that I dn not lose the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I ask if thegentleman from Mis-
souri has not left the floor?
Mr. HALL. Will thegentleman from Illinois
have the floor if I withdraw the demand for the
previous question r
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order. Did
not the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall]
move the"previous question, and leave the floor
and take his seat'
The SPEAKER.. Hp did so; but he had a
risht 10 withdraw the demand.
question.
1 Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I offer the follow-
| ing as an amendment to the amendment, and
I when it is read I shall move the previous ques-
i tion.
; The SPEAKER. As
pending amendment?
Mr. RICHARDSON.
the pending amendment.
| Mr. SUTHERLAND.
tleman from Illinois two questions in the hearing
f of this House.
Mr. PJCHARDSON. I have not yielded the
! floor. '
: Mr. SUTHERLAND. I only want to ask
j two questions.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
' gentleman from Illinois to yield the floor to the
! gentleman from New York temporarily for ex-
i planation ?
! Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir; but I have no
' objection to the gentleman asking me a question
j wiiile 1 am upon the floor,
j Mr. SUTHERLAND. I wish to ask these
i two questions, and I wish them answered either
! by the gentleman from Illinois, or by the chair- '
! man of the Committee on Public Lands. This
bill is a Senate bill, reported with an amendment,
; by the Committeeon PublicLands. Thatamend-
, ment is that these lands are to besold. These
' lands are granted upon the condition that only the
alternate sections of twenty mileB are to besold
1 within a certain period—within one or two years—
■ and then the next twenty miles within a certain
peril*!, and so on, until the whole of the lands
! granted are sold; and if those conditions are not
performed, then the lands revert to the Govern-
■ ment of the United States.
Mr. LETCHER. No, it is not so. That is
not the provision at all.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I ask gentlemen if they
will tell me whether they expect—whether the
: Committeeon Public Lands expect—or will say
jj that if the lands are not sold according to these
"Mr DE\N I now move to lay this bill upon d contracts they ever will revert to the Government
the table. " ' • j; of the United States? I ask them to point out a
The SPEAKER. That motion is a privileged single instance in the history of the legislation of
motion, but thegentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean] cannot take the floor from the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Richardso;:] for the purpose
of making it. The gentleman's right, however, is
clear to make that motion, even if the previous
question is pending.
Mr. HALL. 1 withdraw the demand for
the '
The Commiltee on Public Lands propose to ; previous question.
nd to insert, in lieu i The SPEAKER. Th
strike out the above section,
thereof, the following, viz:
Sec. 5. Jlnd T-c it further enacted, Thai the. landd hereby
granted to said State, shall he disposed ot by said tflate only
in manner following, tnat is to say: that a quantity ot land,
not exceeding one hmidn'd and twenty sections, on each
road, arid included within a continuous length of twenly
unles of said road, mav he sold; and, when tile Governor
of said State shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior
that said tvveiitv imles ol said load is completed, llien anoth-
er hke'ouantitj iierebv granted, may be sold, and so, from
time to Urn;, until said load is completed ; and H .-:■!<! road
be not completed within ten years, no further sales shall Le
made, arid the land.; unsold shall revert to the United States.
Mr. HALL. I only wish to state to the House
that that bill is precisely the same bill which was
under discussion m thiu House in tne early part
of the session for several weeks. The senate have
passed it. It has been referred to the Commitiee
on Public Lands m tins House, and they have re-
ported it back with a single amendment. The
amendment proposes to strike out the fifth section
e motion is witnurown,
this country, one single act, where lands have
been granted by the Government on condition,
and that condition not being performed, that they
have ever come back to the Government.
Mr. HALL. 1 yielded the floor to the gentle-
man from Illinois with the distinct understanding
that he should not yield it to other persons for the
purpose of making explanation.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. Now the othei ques-
ontleman (rom Illinois iiYlr. Rj<jharo- . tion is this———
The SPEAKER. There is too much confu-
sion in the Hull. Gentlemen will be pleased to
come to order. Strictly sneaking, in the opinion
of the Chair, he has a right to require every gen-
tVman upon the floor to retain his seat, except
the member entitled to the floor addressing the
Chair. If the Chair could for a moment hope
that gentlemen upon the floor woulu sustain him
in such a decision, he is very much disoosed to
enforce that right this morning. [Disorder stili
continuing.] Gentlemen to the right of the chair
so.vl has the floor. <
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 am_ for tinslull. I
believe it is t!ii? best mean,5 by winch to dispose of
the public lands: that it brings them into the
market, and enables you to sell the nlternat" sec-
tions by construe ting roads, which otherwise would
not be'settied at till. You can sell them at ^,2 50
an acre, whereas you cannot now* sell thern for
23. But the point to winch 1 desire to .-ali the
attention of the gentleman from avJiw-iri [Mr.
Hall] and the House is this: One of the roads to
be constructed is from St. Joseph, in the State of
Missouri, to Hannibal, on the Mississippi river.
There is now constructing, and looking towards
the connection in the East, and under contract, a
road leading through the States of Illinois, Indi-
are out of order. By an express rule of the
House it is out of order to pass between the Chair
and the gentleman who is addressing the Chair.
' The Chair again states that he believes the right
is clear in him to require that each and every gen-
aria and a comer of Ohio, winch, with a few links tleman shall ietaki their seats, except the member
added to it, will be constructed ro the Atlantic; addressing the Chair. If he could^ have any as-
v. o * u-ii j ♦ j wrtuiairtn i There is now und*r contract from thecity i'surance tliat this body would sustain mm in that
MS oft^Senat biU isP, that the jj of (iuincy towards the Illinois .river, a distanced ' decision, he would be disposed to make it this
landsgnuited by the bill shall be disposed of only |j thirty mile-thirty miles there is no toad. There , morning.
