1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2840
Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Clark, Conger, Curtis, George
T. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dinunick, Disney, Duncan,
Eastman, Edgerton, Rvans, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, Free-
man, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Gilmore, Good
enow, Goodrich, Green, Hall, Harper, Hart, Hascall, Ha-
ven, Hendricks, Henn, John W. Hovve, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jenkins, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King,
Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Lockhart, Martin, McLanahan,
McNair, Miller, Miner, Moiony, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Murray, Newton, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Penn, Penniman, Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Por-
ter, Price, Reed, Richardson, Robbins, Robie, Sackett,
Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmakei, Soudder, David
L. Seymour, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fiedertck
P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin, Stratton,
Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor, Thompson, Thurston, Town-
shend, Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch,
Wells, and Wilcox—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ashe, Averett,Thomas H. Bay-
ly, Beale, Bocock, Bragg, Caldwell, Chapman, Chastam,
Clingman, Cobb, John G. Davis, Dockery, Dunham, Ed-
mundson, Faulkner, Floyd, Grey, Hamilton, Hammond,
Xsham G Harn«, Sampson W. Harus, Hebard, Hibbard,
Holladay, Houston, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Letcher,
McMulhn, McQueen, Meade. Milison, Morehead, Muiphv,
Orr, Outlaw, Peaslce, Powell, lloss, Savage, Sutherland,
Venable, Wallace, Watkms, Alexander White, and Wood-
ward—48.
So the bill passed,
Mr. STUART. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the vote by which the bill passed be
reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider do
lie upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up and disposing
of the light-house bill. I presume it will take but
a few moments to dispose of it.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
So the rules were suspended.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the "Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Venable in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The bill before the com-
mittee for its consideration is House bill No. 312,
making appropriation for light-houses, &c., and the
pending question is upon the amendment offered
on yesterday by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans.] The Clerk will read the amend-
ment, if it is desired by the House.
Mr. HENN. It is not necessary to read the
amendment to-day. It is very long, and is under-
stood by the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to inquire if the first
vote is upon the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Evans?)
The CHAIRMAN. There was an amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Texas, [Mr.
Howard,] in which he proposed to strike out the
first paragraph; but after discussion he withdrew
it. The question now is upon the additional sec-
tions offered by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans.]
Mr. BROOKS. I am opposed to the adoption of
the amendment, and I move to strike out the first
section.
I am quite sure, notwithstanding the remarks
of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans,]
that the establishment of a Light-House Board, or
a Light-House Bureau, is an establishment of a new
branch of the Government, laving the foundation
for, and involving in the end large expenditures.
The gentleman, I have no doubt, has introduced
his proposition withoutany additional salaries, or
any appropriation, leaving the persons who now
hold positions, to the discharge of their duties
really impressed with the idea that sucn a new
department of the Government involves no addi-
tional expenditures. But it is quite obvious, Mr.
Chairman, that we never have established a bureau
or a board in this Government without also in-
creasing largely, at the same time, the expendi-
tures of the Government. I need not instance the
Census Board. I need not instance other boards,
which, with however small beginnings they are
made, soon require increased expenditures for
room-rent, for clerk hire, for stationery, and not
least, but last of all, they send annually to the
two Houses of Congress large estimates upon
which Congress is bound to act, and which Con-
gress does act with a full hand.
However small, therefore, may be the beginning
! of expenditures for this Light-House Board, I see
nothing but the beginning of like large expendi-
tures which exist in France, in similar institutions
there, like large expenditures to those which exist
in many other pans of Europe, where, under sala-
ried officers, such an organization exists. A bu-
reau once created, m ust be maintained, for it cannot
exist on air; and.experience shows us that Army
and Navy gentlemen, or gentlemen of high scien-
tific attainments, are not over-fond of any such im-
palpable food.
Now, sir, we have gone on for forty or fifty years
under the existing system, and gone on pretty
well; and while I admit, that from the growth of
our country, and the maich of science, it is ne-
cessary to add some new vigor to that system, yet
it is not at all necessary, in my estimation, to rev-
olutionize the system, to lay the axe at the root
of the tree, to withdraw the custody of this branch
of our expenditures from the Auditor's depart-
ment, where it has been so long, and in the main,
so well placed, and submit it to the operation of
the Topographical Bureau, the Engineer Board,
the Navy Commissioners, or to the Uoast Survey,
but rather let us rest content improving a system
which has worked sufficiently well as it is.
Now, while I am upon this topic, Mr. Chair-
man, I will say that we have begun something
like an experiment, which the gentleman from
Maryland has proposed, upon the coast of the
Pacific. The whole light-house concern upon the
Pacific is withdrawn from the Auditor in the State
Department, under the control of the Treasurer,
and is to be transferred to scientific gentlemen,
who will make their examinations, their surveys,
and their expenditures, and who now have, by
the agency of the Treasury, a lieutenant of the
Navy, in France examining French lights and
French light-houses. When this system is worked
out, on the Pacific, and we know what the expend-
itures are, we shall be able to compare the oper-
ations of the new plan upon the Pacific, with the
old plan upon the Atlantic, and be the better able
to judge of expenditures.
it may be surprising to some gentlemen, that I,
a representative of a large commercial interest in
this country, should be opposed to this increased
expenditure. My object is this, and this only—
not to awaken and arouse the agricultural and
planting interest of the country, by overlarge ex-
penditures of the light-house system, and bring
down that interest upon the commercial interest
of this country in a loud demand for tonnage du-
ties for lights, such as exists throughout Europe,
I believe, and are in Russia and France. I see
the germ of a mighty and magnificent expendi-
ture in the proposition before us, and I wish now
to nip it in the bud, to save my constituents from
the costly and aggravating light-house dues of
our father land.
Mr. EVANS. All approaches to reform have
been distasteful to persons who wish to remain
upon the old plaa| Such is the case, I fear, with
my friend from New York, [Mr. Brooks.] He
is like too many other persons in the country who
adhere to error because they dislike to apply the
knife. Why all this talk about increasing ex-
penditures'1 Where is the proposition to make an
expenditure of even one single cent? Where is
the proposition to withdraw from the Treasury
Department this matter? Nowhere. Onthecon-
trary, the whole control of the light-house sys- j
tem, by my amendment, is still left with the Sec- I
retary of the Treasury, and is in no manner j
withdrawn from him. |
Why, sir, the gentleman adverts to the Census ;
Bureau as a source of large expenditure. Was i
there any provision in the law creating the Census :
Board, that it should be earned on without ex- i
pense, or that there should beno salaries forclerks, j
&c. ? There is suoh a provision here. Then, sir, >
he talks about increased room-rent, and salaries |
for clerks. Is there not an express provision here j
that there shall be no additional salaries, and no |
additional room? Now, sir, we have been too j
long going on with a wasteful expenditure, and it i
is time that when we have officers m employ, and :
receiving salaries, we should assign duties to them !
for which they are peculiarly fitted. j
Sir, it is in vain to withstand this question. I i
have examined it too long and too well not to !
know that it has its foundation based upon truth, !
and it must prevail in this country. Sooner or ij
later the time will come I trust, and it has now L
come, when this House will pass a law like that,
providing against expenditures, and leading to
efficiency as well as economy.
Well, sir, thegentleman has been pleased to re-
mark upon the very great expense of the light-house
system of France. I do not think the gentleman
has paid such attention to that matter as he usually
does to questions in this House, because if he had,
he would not have said what he has. I have ex-
amined it with great care, and I assert upon my
responsibilityas a Representative—and I defy any-
body in the country, in this House or out of it, in
debate here, or in controversy carried on else-
where, to disprove what I assert—that is, that for-
eign improvements have made a system of lighting
much less expensive and vastly more efficient than
that which we have employed. My amendment
does not prescribe any particular method, or that
any particular manner of lighting shall be used,
but that is left to the Secretary of the Treasury,
and I know that practical men, opticians, chem-
ists, and those acquainted with the subject, will
no longer adhere to antiquated ways, but will be-
take themselves to the path of reform and econ-
omy. I am confident of it, but I ask for the pur-
chase of no particular article, and prescribe no
particular method of illumination.
Sir, this great reform was commenced long1 ago;
it was advocated by Mr. Walker m 1846, and to
which he applied all the vigor of an investigating
and active mind, but unfortunately his attention
was withdrawn from it by the Mexican war, which
sprung up at the time.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment,
and move to strike out the second section of the
amendment.
I have great respect for the scientific information
and studies of thegentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans.] The speeches winch he has made this
session upon various questions, from the knowl-
edge he then displayed, entitle his remarks to the
highest consideration in this House; but he cannot
expect all of us, with our various occupations, to be
as well versed in these matters as he assures us he
is. Upon his own information, and his own study,
without any coordinate action here or elsewhere,
save the Light-House Board, and against the re-
monstrance of the Committee on Commerce here,
and Committee on Commerce elsewhere, who have
had this light-house report before them, for their
consideration, he asks us, at this late period of the
session, to enter into a discussion of the difficult
science of optics, and to make ourselves acquainted
with those hard words he uses, of " dioptric"
and "catoptric'' lights, or, if these were not hard
enough,the harder adjectives yetof "diacatoptnc"
and " catadeoptric," as applied to lights. [Laugh-
ter.] Sir, these are hard words which it is difficult
for us to mouth, or master at any time, impossible
now, in the pressing exigencies of the public ser-
vice about us. To use the language of the science
he has led us into, this is not the hour propitious
for any " photometric" experiment. If the gentle-
man had been able to convince the Committee on
Commerce, or any other committee of this House,
of the utility of his experiment, he would have
brought his proposition before us for our consid-
eration and attention, with a weight of authority
which would have deserved our attention, at this
period of the session. But he has done nothing of
the sort, but upon his own motion he comes here
to renew a contest which existed in this Hall ten
years ago, led on by a then member of Congress
from Indiana, [Mr. Proffit,] making like charges
and like declarations against the existing system,
and against the Fifth Auditor, Mr. Pleasonton,
with no more reason now, I apprehend, than did
that gentleman then. Congress did not support
him or the movement at that time, and the country
has not responded to it since, but has gone on ten
years more under that administration with no great
danger or peril that I am aware of, from any in-
formation I can get.
Now, I will say to the gentleman that there is
danger in advancing too fast, as well as in ad-
vancing too slow. The wisest course is m the si-
lent improving of the existing system, m enlarging
and invigorating it, but not m revolutionizing it,
as he proposes.
There is no reason either, in my opinion, for
the personal remarks—perhaps 1 use too strong
an expression in using the word personal—but!
do not believe there is any good reason for the
remarks which the gentleman has made against
