2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25,
the administration of the Fifth Auditor, Mr.
Pleasonton. He is an old man—seventy years of
ace—a man undoubtedly not possessing all the
vi or and energy of youth, but nevertheless, all
the advantages of practice and experience. He
has been educated in the duties of his office by a
training of thirty-two years, and such an ex-
perience from the infancy of the system up to the
present time is often worth much more than the
presumption of youth or the crude experiments of
affected science.
, Mr. EVANS. I do not want to prolong this
debate. I will not longer than is necessary to
answer the objection the gentleman makes. He
states that I have not the cooperation of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, when a majority of it is in
favor of my amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 appeal to the gentlemen of
the committee.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Do I under-
stand the gentleman from Maryland to state that
the majority of the Committee on Commerce are
for the change in the light-house establishment
proposed in his amendment?
Mr. EVANS. So I understand.
Mr. SEYMOUR. The gentleman, I think, is
very much mistaken.
Mr. EVANS. I do not think I am.
Mr. WALSH. I do not think there is a gen-
tleman on the committee in favor of it except the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Doncan.]
Mr. EVANS. I do not know anything about
that. Let the gentleman answer for himself. I
have been informed that a majority of the com-
mittee were in its favor.
Mr. DUNCAN. I do not think the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Evans] is authorized to say
that the majority of the Committee on Commerce
is in favor of his proposition. Owing to the great
press of the ordinary business of the House they
have not been afforded time to fully consider it. I
did say to the gentleman, however, that, in my
opinion, if the committee had had time to thor-
oughly consider it, and did so, that it would meet
with the approval of a majority of them.
Mr. EVANS. Very well. I will take that
statement, that if the committee had considered
the subject a majority of them would have been in
favor of the amendment I have submitted. The
committee is too intelligent to do otherwise.
Well, sir, the gentleman comes in here with an
elaborate string of terms, dioptrics, catoptrics, and
a great many more which I did not use, though I
might have done so. There is not one of these
terms in the bill; nor is there any advice about the
dioptric or reflector systems. 1 will leave it to the
common sense of the committee whether it is now
quite fair, after a subject has been for ten years
before Congress, from time to time, for a gentle-
man to get up and ask us to delay a little longer—
to put it off another session. The documents
published upon this subject are more voluminous
than those published upon any other single sub-
ject, and gentlemen might have informed them-
selves with regard to this proposition upon which
the sciectific world have not a doubt. I defy those
upon the opposite side to name a single scientific
or practical man in the world who is opposed to it.
Why, sir, all of the maritime countries ofEurope
have adopted the dioptric system, though I do not
say anything about that system in my amend-
ment. The gentleman quotes the maxim feslina
lenle, which is a very good one; but when there
is an ulcer on the body-politic the sooner it is cut
away the better. I do not knowthat that maxim
is always to prevail. When the Collins line of
steamers was before the House I advocated the
proposition appropriating to it|858,000. I did not
then hear anything about festina lente. In that
case money was to be taken from the Treasury to
a large amount; but when I come forward to save
money—to introduce a real reform—men suddenly
become alarmed, and refer to the Committee on
Commerce, who acknowledge that they have not
examined the subject.
In regard to the gentleman from Indiana, who
a few years ago enlisted himself in support of this
system, and spoke, and ably spoke, upon it, I
have to say that it has been lately the part of the
bureau to assail him personally. The bureau
gets down from its seat, and walks into the Halls
of Congress to denounce the motives of men. I
hope the committee will frown upon anything like
that. Tiie gentleman from New York got his in-
formation from the very document in which the
gentleman from Indiana is assailed. The time
for reform has arrived, and the gentleman does
not represent his constituents if he resists it. I
do not mean it in any offensive sense. They
have come up here by the hundreds and thousands,
and demanded it. I do not ask that the system shall
be taken from the Secretary of the Treasury, but
only an efficient superintendence of it. The trav-
eling expenses to the officers proposed to be sent
to inspect the various lights, will not be half the
amount you now pay to your collectors. I hope
the debate may end here.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment,
and move to strikeout the second section. I rise
only to say that I have been a member of Con-
gress for three years now, representing what I be-
lieve to be the largest commercial constituency
upon the continent of America, and such as have
an interest in these lights far beyond any other
people, and yet I have not had the first letter from
any of my constituents complaining against the
administration of the Fifth Auditor.
Mr. EVANS. The only good Fresnel light
owned by this Government, is placed right at the
mouth of the New York harbor.
Mr. BROOKS. My constituents'interests, sir,
are not limited by any narrow view of New York
harbor. They are afloat in Texas, in Louisiana,
all along our southern coast, and in every one of
its harbors. They are the world over—upon the
Atlantic, upon the Pacific, in California, and in
Oregon. There is not a light-house anywhere in
which my constituents are not deeply interested.
There burns not a luminary that does not shine
upon a New York ship some time or another.
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise simply to state that I
will not consume the time allotted to me by the
rules. I ask that the question may be taken on
the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. WALSH. My colleague stated that the
Committee on Commerce had not examined this
question at all. Now, sir, we had notany partic-
ular information from scientific men, because we
thought this was a practical question. With re-
gard to the American system of lights, I have a
certificate dated May, 1843, long after the Fresnel
system had been adopted. It reads as follows:
Statement of ship-masters and mariners in relation to the
lights in New York district, $■<:.
New York, May, 1843.
The undersigned, ship-masters and mariners, sailing out
of tlie port of New York, or from time to time entering and
departing from the poitof New York, take pleasure in certi-
fying that, at the present lime, and for two years past, the
lights in the light houses and light-ships on the coast, and
in the approaches to the harbor of New York, have exhib-
ited ail appearance of steadiness, uniformity, and brilliancy,
very [satisfactory to the interests of navigation, and superior
to the experience of former years.
We consider the efficiency of the lights and the manage-
ment of the light-houses in the district of New York, for
two years past, and at the present time, to be worthy of the
commendation of the shipping interest.
I suppose it is a practical setfijlment of the ques-
tion, if navigators are satisfied'. Those engaged
in commerce are to judge of the efficiency or inef-
ficiency of the lights. I do not care what scientific
men say, if the system be satisfactory to the great
navigating interests of the country, and carried
on as economically as it is now. I am for bring-
ing matters of science to bear upon other questions.
We have ample opportunity to employ all of our
scientific men in other departments of the Govern-
ment. Why, as was well said by the gentleman
from New York, if officers of the Army and Navy
are to be employed upon business of this descrip-
tion, what is to become of either department in
time of war? Are these men, at that juncture, to
be withdrawn from this particular service, and
placed on board of your vessels-of-war, or in their
position in the Army? And if so, what becomes
of the light-house system ? I, as an humble mem-
ber of the Committee on Commerce, have exam-
ined this subject; and if I had time, I could show,
by a reference to thepapers before me, that we have
no means of ascertaining at present the expense of
this Fresnel system. In France there are different
orders and descriptions of lenses, varying greatly
in the degree of light, as well as cost. The com-
mittee will find, by adopting the proposition, as
was well said by my colleague on the committee,
that they are building up a system which, prob-
ably, may cost millions. The expenditures upon
the little coast of France we know are very heavy,
although we have no full information as to the
precise amount. And we are called upon, at this
late day of the session, to take up this system,
and set aside all now existing. I hope it will not
be done. Let the matter be examined; let us
know the expense,
Mr. EVANS. [ am sincerely sorry for two
things. First, that my colleague is opposed to re-
form, and in the next place, that he evidently
has not read the report of the Light-House Board.
For the certificate he has read, I have hundreds
drawn in the strongest possible language against
the whole affair. I pledge my veracity upon the
statement. The statement he read was dated in
1843, and the Fresnel refractor was placed at New
York harbor in 1841. The gentleman's statement
in regard to the expense of the light-house system
in France is erroneous from the beginning to the
end. He has read the report of the Fifth Auditor.
If I had time to analyze that report, I could show
to the satisfaction ot everybody very great errors
in it. The Fifth Auditor is mistaken with regard
to the expense of the Fresnel lights. He has com-
pared sixty-six of the first order of lights of Eng-
land with all our lights, large and small, as to
their expense. I am somewhat surprised that so
intelligent a gentleman as my colleague, repre-
senting a commercial community who desire these
improvements, should have received these false
impressions. There is not a word about lenses
in my amendment. That matter is left with the
Secretary of the Treasury. He can say whether
he shall adopt the dioptric or reflector lights. I
know that the Fresnel is the best system; but
I do not introduce a provision for their adoption,
for tear of exciting distrust in the minds of gentle-
men. It is the cheapest system. A third order
lens will give more light than nine or ten of our
reflectors. A reflector requires renewal, whilst a
lens never wears out.
Mr. WALSH. Does not the gentleman know
that the officers he wants appointed have adopted
it ?
Mr. EVANS. I do not want any particular
officers appointed. I am satisfied intelligent gen-
tlemen all over the world, when they know that
a lens does not wear out and that a reflector does,
and requires renewal; that a lens burns only one
lamp, whilst a reflector burns from one to thirty,
and that a refractor only illumines what is in
front of it, whilst a refractor illuminates the whole
horizon, will advocate the adoption of the Fresnel
system. I do not know or care anything about
who is to be appointed on this board. All 1 ask
is, an efficient superintendency of the light-houses
in the country. If the committee reject the pro-
position now, it will come up and be adopted
some other time. You cannot prevent it. Our
present lights are inefficient.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I do not propose to detain
the committee but for a moment. I expressed
my opinion against the reform contemplated by
the gentleman at the present time, on yesterday. "I
gave my reasons then with regard to the character
of that reform. Now, I wish to say to this com-
mittee, that although the present Committee on
Commerce have not been able to report upon this
difficult and complex question, involving grave
matters in science and in practice, yet a former
committee of this House investigated the subject
in full, and reported upon it. Their report I hold
in my hand. It is an able one. It was made in
1842, and went over the very ground which was
traveled over by the gentleman from Maryland in
his argument on yesterday. It gives the name of
all of our works, and specified the amounts of
expenditures made upon them. I have not time
to read them, but I will say, that so far as con-
struction is concerned, the American light-houses
are more cheaply constructed than either the
French or English, and areas good in the average
as those are.
Mr. EVANS. Why do you ask $110,000 to
repair them?
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. A particular
case may be cited, but that does not establish a
general rule. I have a report here made to this
House in 1842, from the Committee on Commerce,
and that is the result which they come to with re-
gard to light-houses. In respect to the great ex-
penditure talked of by the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Evans] in carrying on the light-houses,
they examined that subject, and they examined it,
also, in reference to these Fresnel lights, to see
whether there could be any saving made by adopt-
