2352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 25.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brooks's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I find that I cannot well offer
the amendment, to which I alluded a few minutes
since, in the House, and I am sure I shall be per-
mitted to offer it now, when the committee hear
me explain what it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my objection,
as there may be some difficulty about offering it
in the House.
Mr. DUNCAN. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and ten.
For a light-vessel to be moored off Minot's Ledge, un-
til the proposed light-house on said ledge be completed,
.$1,600.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Is that amendment
in order at this point?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from Ohio as objecting to it?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir, I do object to it.
■ Mr. EVANS. It is too late to object now.
The amendment has been received and read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the objection comes too late.
Mr. DUNCAN. I would state, in vindication
of the course of the committee, that the first in-
timation of this application was handed to me
since I took my seat here this morning; and that
it is based upon a very large memorial from mer-
chants and underwriters of Boston, and the col-
lector of that port. I will state further, that when
the light-house at this point was carried away, the
merchants, at their own expense, employed a
steam vessel, with lights upon it, at an expense of
$300 a day. The light placed there now is wholly
inefficient.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move that the committee do
now rise and report the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. If we go into the House
now, we are not likely to come back into commit-
tee to-night; and 1 would therefore like for the
committee to lay aside this bill to be reported to
the House, and take up the fortification bill.
Mr. CARTTER. I object now, and move
that the committee rise and report the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I ask the committee,
if they will not do that, as there is considerable
opposition 
Mr. CARTTER. Is discussion in order ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not strictly in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was appealing to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, to see if he would not agree to
what I propose. The fortification bill contains
but a small amount, and if there is a majority
t it, I am willing to take it into the House
and let it be disposed of there.
Mr. CARTTER. I hope that bill never will
be taken up, and I insist upon my motion.
Mr. STROTHER. I desire, if it is in order,
to move to take up, not the fortification bill, but
a bill which stands at the head of the Calendar,
-for the relief of the Orange and Alexandria Rail-
road Company. Its consideration will consume
but a very short time. The question involved in
it is one of infinite importance, not only to the
section of country which I immediately represent,
but to a large extent of country lying behind it,
and it is entitled to consideration. If the bill is to
be passed at all, it must be passed now, or the
works upon that road will have to be stopped.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to know whether
this is thelbill that involves the question of a loan
or advance by the State of Virginia to the Federal
Government, at a very early period?
Mr. STROTHER. It is the same bill.
Mr. CARTTER. I rise to a question of order,
and my question of order is this, that discussion
is not m order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order,
Mr. CARTTER. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Strother] was upon the floor moving
to take up bill No. 49. He gave way to a ques-
tion from the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Sackett.]
Mr. CARTTER. Had not I previously moved
that the committee rise and report the light-house
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
that motion to ba withdrawn. The gentleman
from Ohio entered into conversation with the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] who ap-
pealed to him to withdraw his motion. His reply
was: " I hope the fortification bill never will be
taken up." The Chair understood the gentleman
to withdraw his motion.
Mr. DUNCAN. I had not resigned my right
to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
discussion was in order, and that the request was
properly made by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Strother.]
Mr. CARTTER demanded tellers on the ap-
peal; which were ordered;and Messrs. Cartter
and Allison were appointed.
Mr. STUART. If the Chair will allow me to
say a few words, I think I can set this matter
right.
The CHAIRMAN. The Ghair will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. STUART. By the order of the House,
the committee must rise and report the bill. They
cannot take up any other bill. We can go into
committee again, and the gentleman from Virginia
can submit his motion. But now we must, by
the express order of the House, rise and report
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not recon-
sider its decision. If the committee choose to re-
verse it, let them do it.
Mr. WASHBURN. What has become of the
motion ef the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Duncan] that the committee rise and report the
bill ? It has never been withdrawn or disposed
of.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is not in or-
der.
Mr. WASHBURN. I want to know how this
matter came in.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will make no
reply to any question until the appeal is disposed
of.
The question was then put, " Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and the tellers reported—ayes 47, noes
65; no quorum voting.
[Loud shouts of "Call the roll!"]
Mr. STANLY. I hope there will be no objec-
tion to a recount. There is evidently a quorum
present.
[Loud cries of " Object!" and " Call the roll!"
Mr. CARTTER. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia does not intend to continue his speech out of
order, I will withdraw the appeal.
[Cries of "Object!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal cannot be
withdrawn. The roll 4 st be called.
The roll was then called, and one hundred and
forty-five members having answered to their names
the committee rose and reported the names of the
absentees.
A quorum being now .present, the committee re-
sumed its session.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CARTTER. With a view of facilitating
business, I withdraw the appeal, and move that
the committee rise and report the light-house bill
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordinglyrose, and theSpeaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Venable) reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had, according
to order, had under consideration the state of the
Union generally, and particularly House bill No.
312, "making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes,"and had instructed him to report
back the same with sundry amendments.
Mr. DUNCAN. I move the pievious question
upon the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILDR1CK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
the following bill, which thereupon received the
signature of the Speaker, viz: An act to create an
additional land office in the Territory of Minne-
sota.
The question now being upon concurring in the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of .the Union to the light-house bill,
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I move that the
bjjl be laid upon the table, and upon that motion
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn, and upon that motion I ask for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered. *
The question was then taken on Mr. McMul-
lin's motion; and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The amendments to the light-
house bill will be read by the Clerk, and all dis-
posed of by one vote, as usual, if it is the wish of
the House.
Mr. BROOKS. I want the yeas and nays upon
the last amendment—that offered by the gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Evans]—and if it be
determined to press the vote to-night upon so im-
portant a proposition, I shall demand a separate
vote upon each amendment.
The amendments of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, except the last one,
were severally concurred in.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Evans,] inserted in a previous part of this
day's proceedings.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Have the yeas and
nays been called for upon that amendment ?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. I move that the House do now
adjourn, in order that we may have a vote upon
this amendment in the morning upon a full House.
Upon that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BROOKS then demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of Alabama,
and Harris of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 43, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
amendment.
Mr. BROOKS. Is it in order to move that the
House do now adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BROOKS. In order that we may have a
full vote upon the amendment, I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and upon a division 51
rose in the affirmative.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered.
Mr. BROOKS then demanded tellers on the
yeas and nays; but they were refused.
[Cries of" Question !" " Question!"]
Mr. BROOKS. I do not think there is a quo-
rum present. Is it in order to move a call of the
House ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, the pre-
vious question having been ordered.
Tellers were demanded on the motion to ad-
journ, and they wereordered; and Messrs.Breck-
inridge and Gaylord were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 99, noes 74.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BROOKS. Did a quorum vote?
Mr. EVANS. Did the gentleman himself vote?
The SPEAKER. There was not a quorum
voting.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Without a quorum
we can do nothing, except a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. BAYLY. Without a quorum,can we en-
tertain that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to the
House that as the previous question has been or-
dered, a motion for a call of the House is not in
order under an express rule. The House has re-
fused to adjourn. Upon a division of the House,
no quorum voted; hence, under the rules, strictly
speaking, no motion is in order. The Chair, under
the circumstances, has a right to ascertain whether
a quorum be present, and for that purpose he will
count the House..
