1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27.
under consideration, ia the proper committee to
refer it to, and shall, fchereforermove that it he so
referred. I hope that this Columbus in steam in-
vention, who has found an Isabella in these two
ladies, will also succeed in obtaining the patron-
age of the Government, for the purpose of fully ii
testing the practicability of his theory. 1';
Mr. HAMLtN. I think that reference would !!
more properly be made to the Committee on Na- ji
val Affairs; for whatever the Government has to it
do with steamers is connected with that branch of i|
the service. I suggest to the Senator from Ken- j;
tucky that he should move a reference to the Com-.: ;
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. 1 have no objection. I;
desire merely that the petition should be sent to i
the proper committee. j
Mr. BADGER. I hope it will not be sent to j'
the Committee on Naval Affairs. We have already |
plenty to do; and unless these engines are intend- i
ed for war steamers, we do not wish to have any- j,
thing to do with them. i
The motion to refer to the Committee on Com-
merce wa£ then agreed to. \
CORRECTION. jl
Mr. CLEMEN'S. I rise, Mr. President, for j;
the purpose of making a correction. It is not very h
material, but may, perhaps, as well be made. In |j
the report of the speech of the Senator from Ten- i
nessee, [Mr. Beli.,] m regard to an appropriation j
to indemnify sufferers in consequence of depredh- J
tions by the Creek Indians, this passage occurs: j
" These friendly Indians who. en!M<.d in the service of;
tiie United States, us stated upim The itulhonn of Colonel j
Hogan. amounted to about fifteen lmmiiod. The Senator
from Alabama say.1" that number w.fi increased to two
thousand.
k( Mr. Oi.fmfns. There were live hundred under \
General Howard." i
The error is in the name of the general. There i
was no General Howard there. It was General
Woodward. 1
REPORTS FliOM STANDING COMMITTEIlS. j
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Milt- |
tiiry Affairs, to which was referred the memorial 'j
uf the Lieutenants of the Engineer, Topograph!- \'
cal Engineer, and Ordnance Corps, asking that
promotions may be made more nearly approxima-
ting to that of the Hire of the army, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill for their relief;
wnich was road and passed to the second reading.
The report w ns ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committer, reported a
bill allowing the principal assistant in the Engineer
Bureau, the same compensation which the pi ma-
pa! assistant in the Ordnance Bureau of the War
Department now receive; ^hioh was read and
parsed to the same rending.
Mr. Sf-TIKLDS also submitted a icoort on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODfliSAO, from the CoimniUee on
Claims, to which was refened the memorial of
Charles Cooper & Co., of Bangor, Maine, asking
payment of interest, submitted a report, accom-
panied by hill for their relief; whmh was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORRiS, fiom the Committee on Patents
and the Patent ')flioe, to which -was referred the
petition of Anthony Sherman, tor the renewal of
a patent for an improvement in the axles of rail-
road cars, a*k< d Id be discharged from the further
consideration thcieof; which was agreed to.
Air. FELCH. from the Committee on Public.
Lands, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives, to release from reserva-
tion and lestore to the mass of public lands, cer-
tain lands in the State of Arkansas:, leported back
the same with amendments.
hie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to grant the right of way
through the public lands of the Tinted States, for
the construction of certain railroads in the State
of California, reported back the same without
amendment, and moved that it be laid on the table;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the following memorials, asked to
be discharged iiom the Anther consideration
thereof; which was agreed to:
The memorial of Charles Fletcher, for a grant
of land for a railroad from Fort Leavenworth to
Port Kearny*,.
The memorial of Duncan W. Murphy and oth- ;
ers,for a grant of land for a railroad from Beuicia '
to Shasta City in Cahtornia; and
The memorial of the Legislature of the State of ;
Alabama, asking a grant of land to complete a j
geological survey of the State. ,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on '
Pubiic Lands, to "which was referred the bill to '<
establish sub-divisional lines and corners of cer- '
tain fractional sections in the southern surveying j
district of the State of Alabama, reported back the ;
same without amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on '■
Foreign Relations, to winch was referred the me- 1
mortals of William Money, asking payment for ,
certain horses seized in California by order of
General Kearny, submitted a report, accompa- ;
meu by a bill for his relief; which was read and ,
passed to the second reading. The report was or- i
dercd to be printed. I
Mr. PEARCE, from the Committee on Pi- .
nance, reported a bill supplementary to an act |
approved August 10, 184b, entitled 14 An act to 1
establish the Smithsonian institution lor the in- ;
crease and diffusion of knowledge among men;" \
which was read and passed to the second reading, j
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions, 1
to which was referred a lesolution of the Senate f
greeting an inquiry into the expediency of amend-
i ing the second scction of nn net making appropn- ;
1 ations for the payment uf Revolutionary and oilier
| pensions, submitted a report, accompanied by a
j bill to amend an aU parsed the 20th February,
3847, entitled " An act making appropiiations loi ,
the payment of revolutionary and other pensions j
; ot the United States for the year ending 30th
' June, td-18;*' which was read anu passed to the
' second reading. The report v as ordered to be
punted. 1
He also, from the hame committee, to which
was ictuned the petition ol the heirs of Joseph ,
Bradley, submitted an adverse report thereon; i
which was oideied to be printed
P1TTSBUKG AND NVAItKKN RAILROAD.
Mr. FELCH. I have been in.-jiructed by the <
Committee on Public Lands, to which was re- '
ferred a bill authorizing the Secretary of War to '
grant to the Pittsburg, Kittanning, and Warren
Railroad Company the right of way over the ;
grounds of the Untied States, at the Alleghany ar- -
senal, to report U back without amendment, and
: recommend Us passage.
! Mr. BRODnivVD. ! a^k that that bill may now
: be put upon pas; h is merely to grant the '
' u^ht of way to thi.< re ll road company o\ er a small |
portion of land held by the United State? mPenn- i
' Kylvania, at L-nu e!i'"e\ ille, near Pittsburg. I be- !
heve there i.-; not the lea*? object'on to it. It
^ grants to the Secretary of War the power of grant-
■ sng this riiiiit of way. There will be no mjiuy m
an v way rouha;:; from itto ihe public interest,and 1
1 tins: lie I'.'i w-!t be t, mm up an d d:sp >,-.td of
no w
Tile bill was consideied by the Senate a1-; m
Committee of the. W)K>le, was reported without'
amemhtiem 4o the Senate, and ordered to be eu-
rro.-ved for a third reading.
TH'il PASSES OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SOULK. I ha\e the authority and the
unanimous consent of ihe Committee on Com-
merce, on whose consideration I pressed the sub- ,
ject ar its last meeting* to report to theSenate, and '
to recommend to its favorable consideialion, a
bill to enable the Government to deepen the iv.sses
of the Mississippi nyer.
The bill wis rend t< first time.
Mr. SOULE. I now ask the inwnimons con-
sent of the Keinte to take up this hill. Ii is not
likely to meet with any opposition, as far as I can
judae fro,a the kind and very liberal dispositions
I have met with, ot the hand1: of those members '
with whom I ha\e had occasion to converse on
its merits, and on the importance of its immediate
passage. The measure which it purports to enact
is one, indeed, thpr appeal strongly to the special .
favor of tins body. It n a measure in winch i
every individual who owns an acie of iand, o^ ;
cultivates a bushel of wheat, m the great valley of I
the Mississippi, has a direct and most vital inter- !
oat. The outlets through which the main pro- '
dure of the Southwest finds its way to foreign
markets is now actually shut up by the accumu- i
lated deposits which the waters of the mighty
river have piled up atits mouth; and the object of
this bill is to place at the disposition of the Secretary
of War an amount sufficient to enable him to re-
move the obstruction, and to proceed without de-
lay to the opening of a channel that will afford
free and easy ingress into and egress out of the
Mississippi, to vessels of the usual size and ton-
nage, of those which are best suited to the im-
mense trade carried on "upon its main waters and
its tributaries. I am informed that there are at
present no less than eight or ten ships loaded with
rich cargoes, and whose freight consists of no less
than twenty thousand bales of cotton, stranded
on the bar and stuck fast in the mud, there await-
ing, almost hopelessly, that some favorable wind
modifying, as is sometimes the case, the condition
of the water on the bar, and giving the channel a
greater depth, may enable them to get out of the
truly desperate and ruinous situation in which
they find themselves. They have already been -
there, some of them at least, for weeks-, and the
injury which such a state of things is calculated
to inflict on the commerce and on the agricultural
interest of, that section of our country, as well as
on ship-masters and owners, is such that it de-
mands the immediate interposition of this Govern-
. ment, and the appliance of all the means at its dis-
position, m order that some relief may be afforded
«nd a scheme devised through which the same
disasters may be avoided, and the people of the
Souihweat saved from the rum which their recur-
rence would entail upon them. 1 need not say
more, for I do hope and trust thfit { have not
overtaxed the disposition of the Senate to see
that every section of this Republic be righted and
done justice to, when I have presumed thus ab-
i.ipilv to throw myself upon their indulgence,
and to ask them to suspend and delay for a mo-
ment the discussion of the matters before them,
1 in unler that the bill may at once be acted upon
and disposed of.
The bill was read a second time and considered.
' as in Committee of the Whole.
Itprovides that the Secretary of War be directed
. to take the necessary steps for causing a ship chan-
■ nel, of sufficient depth to accommodate the wenrs
of commerce, and allow vessels of twenty feet
| draught to pass through it, to be opened across
i the most convenient pass leading into the Missis-
sippi river out of the Gulf of ?vlexico, and that
1 the sum of $75,000 be appropriated for the pur-
: pose: Provided, ltishall be the duty of the Secre-
1 tary of War to report at an early day at the next
■ session of Congresvstheexpensesincurred,together
with nn estimate of the annual cost of keeping
; said channel open.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
! BILLS REPORTED FROM THE HOUSE.
; The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Repre^entaii\ es, were seveially rPtut
a ii; -T •> nd seen.id time. The bills were refen ed
to the Committee on Finance, and the joint xevo-
lution to the Committee on Public lands:
An act making an appropriation for the pay-
ment of Navy pensions for the year ending 30th
June, 1853;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States
for the year ending the 30th June, 1833*. and
A joint resolution authorizing" the Secretary of
the Ti^itsmy to ratify and confirm an exchange
of lands between the United States and Charles
Reynolds, of rhe cuv of Natchez, in the State of
Mississippi.
TAXATION OF LANDS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. GEYER. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up a bill from the House of
Representatives, giving the assent, ot Congress to
the State of Missouri to impose a tax or taxes upon
ail lands hereafter sold by the United States there-
in, from and after the day of such sale. This bill
is Mi precisely the same terms as one which passed
the Senate a few days ego, with the exception of
the v/oid " giving" instead of " declaring," in the
title. The necessity for this, I bad occasion to
state the other day, grew out of the phraseology
of an act passed in January, ]847.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to,
and it was considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. No amendment being
