578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
Mr BRENTON. My opinion is, that the prop-
osition is susceptible of division, so that it shall
be taken first upon the instructions.
The SPEAKER. That is the opinion of the
Chair."
The House was divided on the call for the yeas
and nays, and only 20 gentlemen rose.
Mr. CARTTER called for tellers upon the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and. Messrs. Wil-
liams and Chandler were appointed.
. The House was divided, and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 46, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. Is it competent to ask the gentle-
man from Maryland to modify his instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not in his power to
modify.
Mr. COBB. I desire that the instructions shall
be so modified that all the money made by gentle-
men when they are absent from the service of the
House, shall be put into the common stock, and
divided, with the mileage, equally among the mem-
bers of the House. [Laughter.] If they were so
modified, I should be disposed to vote for them.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the^House to liable me to so modify the instruc-
tions as to provide for first allowing to each mem-
ber his traveling expenses in reaching the seat of
Government, out of the whole amount of mileage,
before equalizing the compensation of members,
as proposed.
Mr, ROBINSON and others objected.
Mr. CARTTER. Is it competent to move to
suspend the rules to allow the gentleman from
Maryland to modify his instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is not competent to move
to suspend the rulfs, except on Monday.  
A voice. "Withdraw your instructions.
Mr. EVANS. I will, then, withdraw the in-
structions.
Mr. STUART. I object.
Mr. EVANS. I understand that I have the
right to withdraw.
TheSPEAKER. TheChairis in doubt whether,
after the previous question has been sustained, the
gentleman can withdraw his proposition.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Certainly, he
has clearly the right to withdraw. I will call the
attention of the Chair to the 45th rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has read the rule,
and has no doubt that the gentleman has the right
to withdraw.
Mr. EVANS. Do I understand the Chair to
decide that I have the right either to withdraw or
amend ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman certainly has
the right to withdraw under the rule.
Mr. EVANS. I will withdraw my instructions.
Mr. ROBINSON. Has the previous question
been exhausted ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been exhausted,
and discussion is not in order.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman from Maryland
jm has moved to recommit the bill with instructions,
w Now, if he withdraws the instructions, does not
the other part of the motion fall ?
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair,
the motion to recommit was not affected by the
withdrawal of the second branch of the proposi-
tion, and it is still pending.
Mr. ROBINSON. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know whether, after the gentleman has
withdrawn his instructions, it is competent to re-
commit the bill without instructions?
The SPEAKER. It is competent, in the opinion
of the Chair.
The question was then taken on the motion to
recommit, and the result was—yeas 84, nays 86,
% as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercroinbie, Charles Allen, William
Appleton, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bennett,
Bibigbaus,JohnH.Boyd,Bragg,Brooks.G.H. Brown,Bur-
rows, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carttcr,
Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Churchwell, Cleveland,
Clingman, Colcock, Curtis, Daniel, Dockery, Duncan, Ed-
mundpon, Evans, Floyd, Fowlei, Giddmg&, Goodenow,
Giow, Hammond, Harper. Sampson W. Harris. Haws,
Haven, Hebard, Hibbard, Houston. John W. Howe, Hunter,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George W. Jones, J.
Glanev Jones, G G. King, Preston King, Kurtz, Meach-
am. Miller, Millson, Miner, Henry D. Moore, Morehead,
Munay, Uutlaw, Peaslee, Perkins, Robie, Saekett, Scher-
mo-iiorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Skelton, Smart,
Stai:iy, Benjamin Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,Sutherland,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Wal-
Mridce, Wallace, Watkrns, Welch, Wiidrick. Woodward,
and Yates—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, John Appleton, Ashe, Da-
vid J. Bailey, Beale, Bissell, Bowie, Breekenridge, Bren-
ton, Briggs, Albert G. Brown,Bueil, Busby, Caskie, Clark,
Cobb, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean. Disney, Doty, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Eastman, Edgeiton, liwing, Ficklin, Fitch,
Florence, Fieeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord,
Gilmore, Grey, Hall, Isham G. Harris, Hascall, Hendricks,
Henn,Holladay, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives,
Jackson, Jenkins, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Letcher,Lockhart,Mace, Edward C. Marshall,Humplney
Marshall, Mason, McDonald, McLanahan,Molony,Nabers,
Newton, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penmman, Phelps,
Polk, Price, llantoul, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robin-
son, Savage,David L, Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, F. P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone,
St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Walsh, Ward, Wilcox, and
Williams—86.
So the House refused to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Mileage.
Mr. STUART. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to recommit the bill,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. CARTTER. Upon that motion I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being put, it was decided in the negative—
yeas 85,nays 90; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, John Appleton, Ashe,
David J. Bailey, Beale, Bell, Bissell, Bragg, Breekenridge,
Brenton, AlbcrtG. Brown, Bu&by,Caskie, Chandler, Clark,
Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney,
Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Eastman, Ertgerton, Edmundson,
Fickhn, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry, Gilmore, Giay, Hall,
Hamilton, Isham G. Harris, Hendricks, Henn, Holladay,
Howard, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Jackson, John
Johnson, Robe.t W. Johnson, Letehcr, Lockhart, Mdce,
Edward C. Marshall, Mason, McDonald, McLanalian,
McQueen, Molony, Nabers, Olds, Oir, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Pemi, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Piice, llantoul, Richard-
son, Riddle, Robinson, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey-
mour, Frederick P.Stanton, Richaid H. Stanton, Abraham
P.Stevens, Stone, St. Mauin, Strother, Stuart, Venable,
Ward,"Williams, Woodward, and Yates—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Aberciombic, Chaiies Allen, William
Appleton, Averett, Babcock, Barlett, Bennett, Bibigliaus,
Bowie, John H. Boyd, Btooks, Burrows, Joseph Cable,
Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Oartter, Chapman, Chastain,
Churchwell, Cleveland, Clingman, Curtis, Dean, Dockery,
Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler, Giddings,Goodenovv,
Grow, Hammond,Ilarper, Sampson W. Harris, Haws?, Has-
call, llaveu, Hebaid, Hibbard, Houston, John W. Howe,
Huntei, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, George
W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Kurtz, Meacham, Miller, Millson. Miner, Henry D. Moore,
Morehead, Morrison. Munay, Newton, Outlaw, Peaslee,
Penmman, Perkins,Robie, Sackett, Schermerhorn, School-
craft, Schoonmaker, Scuddder, Skelton, Smait, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Sweetser, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thuis-
ton, Toombs, Walbridge, Wallace, Walsh, Washburn,
.Watkins, Welch, Alexander White, and Wiidrick—90.
So the House refused to order the bill to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. FITCH. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken. I believe the previous question is ex-
hausted.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. FITCH. If so, then the bill and report are
up again for discussion. I shall not make many
remarks upon them, and regret that in remarks
which I shall make I may be compelled to make
allusions to the former opinions and course of
certain members upon this floor, in order to thro v
some hght\ipon the probable motive of their op-
position to the bill. I look upon the bill as one
calculated merely to render an act of strict justice
to a Delegateoccupying a seat here. I do. not de-
fend the law of 1818, as is well known by the
older members of this House, because, as chair-
man of the Committee on Mileage during the last
Congress, 1 asked repeatedly a modification of
that law. I moved amendments to different ap-
propriation bills, asking a construction of that
mileage law different from the one now placed
upon it, or at least asking that the mileage might
be computed in altogether a different manner from
what it now is. It will be recollected by the older
members of the House, that I asked that the mile-
age might be computed by the nearest mail route,
os reported by the Post Office Department. The
whole matter, in fact, was before the committee
of the last Congress, and was brought, by that
committee, before this House. Amendments, in
one or two cases—two cases, if I mistake not—
were adopted by this House, but a concurrence in
them was refused upon the part of the other and
coordinate branch of the legislative department
occupying the other wing of this Capitol. It was
manifest, long before the expiration of that Con-
gress, that no material modification could be ob-
tained, and I fear even now—though I understand
it is the intention of the Committee on Mileage to
report a bill making a modification of that law—I
say, I fear now it will meet with the same oppo-
sition from the same quarter. I was struck some-
what with the remarks of the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] whose argument seems
to be based upon the supposition that this bill,
which we are informed is to be introduced by the
Committee on Mileage, changing the mileage law,
will operate upon the present Congress. If so, I
grant there would be an impropriety in the pas-
sage of this bill, because another bill from the
same committee, proposing a law to operate upon
all alike, would operate, of course, upon the Dele-
gate from Oregon. But the gentleman destroyed
the effect of his own argument by admitting to
my colleague [Mr. Robinson] that a bill of that
kindwould not operate upon this Congress. There-
fore the question before the House is simply this
—as no bill which we can pass will operate upon
the present Congress—Shall we, during this Con-
gress, put the Delegate from Oregon upon an equal
footing with us, or shall we permit this exception
to stand against him? Because, of course, when
that bill comes from the Committee on Mileage, it
will operate upon all prospectively alike—upon
him as well as the rest of us—and we only ask
that he may, until such a bill can be operative, be
placed upon an equality with the rest of the House,
those included who come from the same coast
with himself—from the Pacific. The Delegate
from Oregon comes from a country where—-if I
may be permitted by the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Marshall] to refer to his argument—
electioneering may cost guite as much as in that
State, and be attended with personal risk and ex-
posure equally as great, while the distance from
thence to this city and the expense of the jour-
ney, are still greater.
Mr. Speaker, I regretted exceedingly to see the
activity exhibited on thepart of some members, in
opposition to this bill. It calls up reminiscences
which are by no means pleasant. I recognize
amongst one or two of themost active—not to say
noiSy—opponents of the bill, gentlemen who have
been extremely active heretofore in debate—-in an-
other Congress—in procuring or attempting to
procure, a change in the mileage law; gentlemen
who were candidates during the first session of
that Congress for reelection, and were reelected
during the recess, and who during the second
session of that Congress waited upon members
of the Committee on Mileage, and insisted—after
they had previously demanded that a report should
be made m their favor for a limited number of
miles—upon being placed upon an equality with
other members. I will name no gentleman, be-
cause the reports of that committee, which are in
| the hands of the Sergeant-at-Arms of this House,
j will show who they are. By comparing these re-
j ports, a wide distinction will be found to exist be-
tween the amount of mileage received at the first
and the second session ofthe last Congress, by cer-
tain members who were reelected during the recess
between those two sessions. I say that these
members, after asking as a favor that the Commit-
tee on Mileage should report them entitled only
to mileage for a limited number of miles^and after
this committee had consented to make an excep-
tion to the general rule in their behalf, because
they asked not for an increase, but diminution of
the mileage to which,bylaw, they would beentitled,
came subsequently to that same committee and
j demanded to be put upon an equality with other
< members, and that their mileage should be com-
i puted, in the language of the law, " by the most
I usual roaA" although m one or two instances this
j computaRon would make it double the mileage of
i the previous session. That course shows the
i sincerity of their present professions in favor of
; the reduction of mileage, when that deduction
' shall operate to the prejudice of one man, and one
i man only. I should not have made this allusion—
1 and I regret that it became ray duty to do it—had
i it not been for the fate of this bill—a fate produced
i in a great degree by their active exertions in oppo-
] sition to it. Now, sir, if the reason which they
; urged, and'urged properly before the Committee
' on Mileage, was correct in their case, why is it
! not correct in the case of the Delegate from Ore-
jgon? They asked no more than was right
' under the law. They asked that their mileage
