2354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
Sir, this measure is one of so deep importance
to the whole country; it is one so national in its
character, that I trust it will meet with no oppo-
sition upon this floor. It was urgently recom-
mended by the President, in his last annual mes-
sage; it has the sanction of the Postmaster Gen-
eral; it was unanimously recommended by the
committee which reported the bill to the Senate,
- and passed that body without a dissenting voice.
I hope, air, that it will be received with the same
favor by this House. Moreover, Mr. Speaker,
you will perceive that by this bill not a dollar is
to be appropriated out of the Treasury to build
those steamers. The .bill simply authorizes the
Postmaster General to contract, for a sum not ex-
ceeding $100,000, for the transportation of the
mails, tri-monthly, between New Orleans and Vera
Cruz. The construction of the steamers in which
the mails will be carried will remain entirely in the
charge of the contractors, who are only required
to furnish vessels of eight hundred tons burden.
The mail matter to be transported in these steam-
ers will, I dare say, more than repay the amount
to be expended i>y the Government, especially
when we take into consideration that this is to be
the first link of that great and rapid chain of com-
munication between our Atlantic and Pacific pos-
sessions. Sir, it is not my purpose on this occa-
sion 'to appeal to sectional feelings in behalf of a
measure which, I confess, is of vital importance
to the whole West, and especially to the State
which I have the honor in part to represent; were
I to do so, I would notonlydoviolencetomyown
feelings, but I would misrepresent the wishes and
disregard the instructions of those who have hon-
ored me with a seat upon this floor. Louisiana
is a Union-loving State; and whenever the word
nationality is pronounced upon this floor, it finds
an echo in the heart of every one of her citizens.
Her Representatives have never stopped to inquire
whether this or that particular locality was to be
benefited, whenever an appropriation has been
asked for a work of a national character. But
candor will compel me to say, that while millions
of dollars have been appropriated, and that, too,
with the unanimous vote of our delegation, for the
exclusive benefit of ports on the Atlantic coast,
not a solitary dollar has ever been spent in appro-
priations of this character for New Orleans, the
great emporium of the Southwest—a port which
furnishes nearly one half of the exports of this
country, and distributes yearly over that vast area
between the Allegany and Kocky Mountains,
over $60,000,000 of imports.
Mr. PENN. Mr. Speaker, this Senate bill,
which is of importance to Louisiana and the whole
Union, is simple and economical in its provisions,
and free from the objections made by some mem-
bers of this body, because it does not require the
Government to advance the money for the con-
struction of these steamers. It only authorizes
the Postmaster General to make a contract with
the lowest bidder for carrying the mails three times
a month from New Orleans to Vera Cruz. It limits
the term of the contract to five, instead of ten years,
which is only one half the usual term allowed
for steam service on the Atlantic. It also insures
the employment of steam vessels of a good class,
both for theaccommodation of passengers and the
wants of commerce. To make the House aware
of the great importance the Government attaches
to the establishment of a mail service between the
ports to which I have alluded, allow me to read
the following report from the Committee on the
PostOffice and Post Roads of the Senate,in which
are contained extracts from the &nnual message of
the President and the report of the Secretary of
the Navy:
" That the act of March 3,1845, providing for the trans-
portation of the United States niailw between the United
States and foreign countries, had clearly m contemplation,
that a line would be established between the points em-
braced in thepropos-als submitted by The memorialist. The
eighth section of that act specially directs 'the making of
' contracts for the transportation of the mail from place to
i place, in the United States, in steamboats, by sea, and on
1 the Gulf of Mexico, and on the Mississippi river up to the
i city of hew Orleans.' This part of the act, being deemed
obscure, has to thisday remained adead letter, and the con-
sequence has been an almo&t entire suspension of all regular
intercourse with our sister Republic. The subject, how-
ever, has at different times been pressed on the consider-
ation of Congress. The Secretary of the Navy, in his re-
port of 1848, remarks as follows:
" < As a more interesting part of the svstem, [alluding to
< the system crealed by the act just quoted,] I recommend
4 that authority be given to contiactfor the transportation of
< t\*e mail between New Orleans and Vera Cruz, in steam-
( ships convertible into warsteamers. It will tend, by pro-
4 moting social and commercial intercourse, to consolidate
'friendship between the United States and Mexico, and in-
e vite her rich product* of specie to our cities. It will add,
' too, to the mails on all the connecting lines, increase the
i postal profits, and make available for public defense an
4 additional number of war-steamers.'
" Refeiring to the same subject, the President of the
United States, in his annual message of that year, said:
" I recommend to your favorable consideration the estab-
lishment of the proposed line of steamers between \'ew
( Orleans and Vera Cm?,. It promises the most happy re-
( suits, in cementing friendship between the two Republics,
£ and extending reciprocal benefits to the trade and manu-
factures of both.'
" Our commercial relations with Mexico have, within
these few years past, so decreased that our exports to that
country, which in 1835 were $9,029,221, had fallen in 1&">0
to $2,412,827; and our imports, which in 1835 amounted to
$8,343,181, were reduced in 1850 to $1,560,166.
" Such is the deplorable state of our trade at this day with
Mexico. It is mainly attributable to a want of speedy and
reliable means of communication between the two coun-
tries, and must, if permitted to prevail much longer, so
alienate them from each other that they will soon become
more strangers than if they were separated by boundless
seas and impassable continents. Yet one cannot but be
struck with the many and important advantages which the
establishment of a line of communication, placing the two
countries in closer contact, would confer on both. While
the intercourse thereby created might awaken our neigh-
bors to a consciousness of the inexhaustible resources by
which they are surrounded, and of their ability, by proper
application and industry, to turn them to the improvement
of their physical, social, and political condition, it would
tend also to foster and strengthen those kind and friendly re-
lations which it should be our wish, winch it is certainly
our interest, to cultivate and extend. It would divert from
England to our shores a great proportion of the millions of
silver which we arc at present so much in need of, secure
to us an ample supply of dye-stuffs and other commodities,
enlarge our commercial marine, and increase our freights
and tonnage.
" Prompted by these considerations, and being of opinion
that the proposals made by the memorialist are liberal and
would secure, if attempted, a speedy realization of the ob-
ject sought to be attained, the committee recommend to the
favorable action of the Senate the accompanying bill."
rJ|ke following is the opinion expressed by the
Postmaster General in his last annual message to
Congress:
" The attention of tliia Department having been directed
to the subject of postal communication between the United
States and Mexico, it has ascertained that satisfactory
propositions can probably be obtained for a line of mail
feteainers from New Orleans, by way of Tampico, to Vera
Cruz.
'"The establishment of such a line would no doubt
greatly facilitate and increase the postal intercourse between
the two countries, and in that regard alone i^ worthy of the
consideration of Congress. But it would also, it is be-
lieved, be productive of great political and commercial ad-
vantages; would abate national antipathies and prejudices;
promote and increase friendly views and relations between
the people of the two countries, and unite more closely by
mutual benefits the two great Republics of the western
hemisphere. For the reasons thus briefly adverted to, I
respectfully advise that the establishment of a line of mail
steamers to Vera Cruz be recommended to Congress. An
examination of the Treasury tables of exports and imports
to and from Mexico for the last ten years will, it i  believed,
show the importance of such a line to the interests of the
whole country—especially to that large portion of it situ-
ated on the Mississippi and its tributaries—and justify
defraying from the Treasury the expense of its establish-
ment."
It will be perceived that the Secretary of the Navy
deems the matter of so much importance that he
recommends war steamers on the plan of the con-
tracts with those on the Atlantic and Pacific
oceans; but the friends of this bill, to insure its
speedy passage, have framed its provisions with a
view to economy, and with such safeguards as
were deemed proper to be thrown around it. In
conclusion, I will ask that the bill be read through.
The Clerk then read the bill through.
Mr. PENN". 1 now move that the bill be put
upon its passage, and upon that motion call the
previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading.
Mr. AVERETT. Is a motion to lay the bill
upon the table in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is, in the opinion of the
Chair.
Mr, AVERETT. I then submit that motion,
and demand the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay upon the table, and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then read a third time, and, under
the operation of the previous question, passed.
Mr, St. MARTIN. I move" to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
WILMINGTON AND MANCHESTER RAILROAD.
Mr. PENN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
back, without amendment, and with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill No. 447f
entitled " An act for the relief of the Wilmington
and Manchester Railroad Company." The bill
simply gives to this company the indulgence to
withhold the payment of duty upon their import-
ed iron, for four years, from the Government, for
which time legal interest is to be paid, I move
the previous question on the passage of the bill*
Mr, McCtUEEN, I trust my friend will allow
me to make a few remarks.
Mr. PENN. As my friend comes from the
district through which the road is to pass, I with-
draw the call for the previous question, on the
condition that he will renew it.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I promise the gentleman- to
renew it.
Mr. COBB. I would ask the consent of the
gentleman to allow me to submit an amendment
to the bill.
Consent was not given.
Mr. McQJJEEN. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose, at this late period of the session, to detain the
House with a discussion at length upon the merits
of this bill. I shall, however, as the greater portion
of the road to which the bill applies runs through
my district, explain its object; and I proceed to
do so with the confident belief that when it shall
be well understood, there will not be found ten
members in this House in opposition to it. The
indulgence asked is for a company who are con-
structing a link of railroad as a continuation of
that which now extends as far as Wilmington in
North Carolina, over which the great southern
mail from the North to New Orleans is now car-
ried, which link avoids one of the most difficult
and dangerous lines of navigation upon this con-
tinent. Two years ago, an" act was passed by
Congress, at the instigation of my friend from the
Wilmington district of North Carolina, [Mr.
Ashe,] granting an indulgence similar to the one
proposed by this bill for the road extending as far
as Wilmington. Between that bill and the pres-
ent there is the distinguishing difference that that
bill provided for the payment of no interest by the
company, who were to give bonds for the faithful
payment of the duty, whilst this one provides for
the payment of every dollar of interest, to ber to-
gether with the duty upon the iron, secured by
bonds, which are to be approved by the judges of
the district courts of North and South Carolina,
and made satisfactory to the Secretary of the
Treasury. There is also a condition in this act
that the money arising from the carriage of the
great mail from the South to the East over this
road shall be retained in the Treasury, and as it
accrues, be discounted with the Post Office De-
partment for the satisfaction of the bonds. This
link runs through the level pine forests in North
and South Carolina, and is being constructed by
the planters of that country, who have mainly
worked out their stock in the grading of the road.
Gentlemen ask why the company constructing
this road come here and ask this small matter?
Every one acquainted with the planting interests
knows very well the great importance of this in-
dulgence in the payment of the duty upon iron,
so that planters who can realize upon their crops
but once a year, can measure their payments to
suit the season of the year at which they can sell
and realize the proceeds of their crops. I assert,
indeed, without fear of contradiction, that there
is no road in the United States of more import-
ance to every portion of the Confederacy than this
one.
The mail is now carried with great facility from
New Orleans to Maine upon steamboats and rail-
roads, with the exception of this gap, and about
thirty miles in the State of Georgia. The naviga-
tion from Wilmington to Charleston is so difficult
that there is no part of the route from this to New
Orleans where so many disappointments unavoid-
ably occur as on this particular portion. The
company now get $75,000 a year for the trans-
portation of the mail from Weldon to Charleston.
The act which was passed for the benefit of the
Wilmington road two years ago, made a similar
provision to this in regard to discounting moneys
with the Department; and I have been authorized
to say that every dollar which has been suspended
for the benefit of the Wilmington road, has been
