1490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 27,
Mr,. DAWSON. * I am as anxious as any Sen-
atoi* or* this floor to' maintain the controversy as
to speed upon the ocean: but I confess that £ have
not been able to ascertain to my satisfaction the
present condition of this steamboat company. I
am hot able to communicate the facts on this subject
lo others, for I do not sufficiently understand them
myself. But being unwilling to do any act which
might involve the character of the country in dis-
grace, or which might injure the company, I am
willing* to go as far as any man ought to go.
Hence I and others who are m favor of sustaining
this Tine have met on common ground. And what
is it? It is to do precisely what the decided friends
of this measure desire, with a limitation, merely
placing it in the power of Congress to sustain the
honor of the country in the controversy at a sub-
sequent period. We have agreed in placing the
limit at the end of the fiscal year 1854, which is
the30th of June, 1854. Why? Because the ap-
propriations are made annually, and the long ses-
sion of Congress, 1854, will have this matter in
precisely the same control which we have how,
and if it is necessary, they can make all the legis-
lation suited to the condition of the country.
As the Senator from Texas [Mr. Rusk] has
stated, it is presumable that the Collins line will
be ahle to sustain itself by that time, if it be not
able to sustain itself'then, the question will come
up, Will this Government sustain it through all
time ? If itcannot sustain itself at the end of eight
years, must we, as a matter of course, sustain it
eight years longer? Not so. We shall have done
our duty, b<?th to the country and in extending
protection to the company, by granting such aid
as will continue it from this date to the end of the
fiscal year m 1854. When that is provided for, I
am willing to submit the question, Has there ever
been more liberality shown to any company than
we have extended to this? Let Congress remem-
ber that the original contract was not of the seek-
ing of the Congress of the United States. The
propositions were presented tousraud the terms
of the contract, and we accepted them. Now,
when it appears that the contract is likely to be
ruinous to the company, we, m our magnanimity
and liberality, afford them a shield and sufficient
protection, when we make this increased compen-
sation, and give them a notice, two years in ad-
vance, of tire extent of our liberality. Is it not
liberal, and fair, and honorable, and just, and will
anybody who is in favor of this measure of lim-
itation, say that the proposition is not liberal and
honorable? I am as liberal as any Senator oui ht
to be in this matter; I am anxious to sustain this
line, and to do it on a principle by which I can
vindicate my course in my own judgment, and
whenever the question is presented to me. Why,
then, do you desire to force those who are already
with you on this subject, into a greater extension
of the time than the circumstances of the case re-
quire? I do not desire to detain the Senate. 1 am
anxious for the adoption of this amendment, and
I want to do it on a principle which will be satis-
factory to me. I believe the adoption of this
amendment will enable me to vote for the amend- .
ment adopted in committee,as well as other friends ;
of this measure. I think it should be adopted, 1
unless the friends of this measure desire to force j
ns into the adoption of their own views. !
Mr, HALE. I want simply to say, that if!
Senators will look into the proviso at the end of j
the section on the tenth page, they will see that
this thimr is entirely in the power of Congress ,
now. It is: !
" Provlhd) That it shall bo in the powei of Concre-;?. at :
anytime alter the 31st <la> of December 1654, to terminate ,
the. arrangement for any additional allowance lieiem pio-
vided for. after giving six months' nonce."
This amendment of the Senator from Tennes- ;
see seems to be based upon the assumption that
the next Congress will not be as wise as this !
one. Sir, it is probable that some of the judi- :
ctous members of the present Congress will not
be here. [Laughter.] But we ought to have i,
generous confidence sufficient to believe that the 1!
people know enough to send men who know P
as much as we do; and if v/e leave the next Con- '!
gress entirely untrammeled, we shall have done t;
all that we can be reasonably expected to do, and ||
will have done much better than we should do by 'i
tying up the hands of our successors. It is with {'
this generous confidence I have already expressed il
that the people will do their best to send as good II
men to Congress as those who are to go out, that
I am willing to leave it in their hands—that it
should be entirely in their power to do as they see
fit.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise for the purpose of re-
newing the motion to adjourn, and I do so with
a fair appeal to gentlemen who have offered this
amendment. I see clearly that the full import of
that amendment is not understood by all. The
Senator from Tennessee may understand it, and
so may other gentleman; but how far it may af-
fect this bill I do not know. I see already that it
has induced debate, and is likely to induce still
further debate.
I will make another remark before I sif down,
and that is, that the Senator from Tennessee can-
not by this amendment control the future action
of Congress on this subject. I understood the
! Senator to say that he voted for this amendment
i with the view of indemnifying this company for
i the losses they had sustained; but that he does not
: now legislate with a view to afford them any
' future guarantees. If we undertake to legislate
, upon this subject with the view of indemnifying
them for the past, at the time that the Senator
proposes to terminate this contract, an appeal
will be made to the liberality and magnanimity of
Congress; and if we have any money to dispose
of, and if this matter is magnified into a matter
of sufficient importance to demand a share of the
public money beyond ail other objects, there is
no doubt that it will obtain it. I think that, gen-
tlemen seem to be rather impatient to get through
with this subject. 1 move that the Senate adjourn.
The question was taken by a division, and there
were—ayes 1!}, noes 19.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Seveial Senators. The question on the amend-
ment.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. RUSK. I am sure the Senator from Geor-
gia docs not want to embarrass this question, and
thereby give the Cunard line an advantage, which
will keep them constantly running against this
Collins line. Two years is a very short time to
test this matter. Suppose the Senator from Ten-
nessee should make his amendment the same, in
point of time, which is contained in the proviso
which he proposes to strike out, and let it run to
the end of the year 1854.
Mr. DAWSON. I do not see how it is to em-
barrass the company, or how it is to give any ad-
vantfl£C to the Cunard line, when we extend pro-
tection to the Collins line to the last of June, 1854,
during the long session of Congress. Certainly
it is within the power of Congress to legislate then,
as circumstances may require.
Mr. RUSK. 1 will say nothing more.
Mr. DAWSON. The limit to the contract,
imposed by the first amendment, is from and after
the tirst day of January, 1855, or the last day of
December, 1854, on giving .six months' notice.
Congi ess has to give that notice. Notice must be
given after that period, and that would extend the
contract into another year, nearly to 1856.
Several Sk.vators. That is incorrect.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly I am light.
Mr. BADGER. No, you are not.
Mr. DAWSON. Certainly, I am right. Ac-
cording to the amendment adopted in committee,
notice is to be given after the last day of Decem-
ber, 1854. The notice is not to be given prior to
that time.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, it may. j
Mr. DAWSON. Not at all. We have adopt-]
ed the amendment with the understanding that j
Congress shall have the power to reduce it down,
and legislate in such manner as the position of ■
affairs at that day may require. j
Mr. PRATT. I would suggest that the amend j
ment be modified by inserting 31st of December, |
1854, instead of 30th of June. j
Mr. DAWSON. I have no objection, if the j
mover of the amendment, the Senator from Ten- i
nessee, [Mr. Bell,] will consent to the modifica- I
tion. |
Mr. PRATT. Insert 31st December instead of !
30th June, and I for one will vote for it. j
Mr. BELL. I supposed, that by a proper con-
struction of the amendment'adopted m Commit-
tee of the Whole, six months' notice was to be
given after the end of the year 1854.
Mr BADGER. Oh, no; oh, no.
Mr. BELL. I certainly had that impression;
and the great objection that I had was the differ-
ence between Congress now enacting that the
increased compensation shall cease, and leavingit
open for a future Congress to say whether they
will interfere and put a stop to it. The occasion
might be different; there might be appeals made
which would not be likely to be made, to suffer
this increased compensation to go on, if there was
no express authority by which they were author-
ized to continue it. For myself—and I believe
the Senator from Georgia concurs with me—I
have no objection to putting the time at the end
of December, 1854, and letting the increased com-
pensation cease then by law; for I have-made
estimates, and it will be in effect, allowing about
$700,000 or $800,000 more than this line would
| have received under the old contract. And ac-
j cording to the examination I have made of this
| subject, I think that line has sustained losses in
i consequence of want of experience, and of having
j to introduce original machinery into this country,
I for which I should be glad to make them some
i compensation, of having to run their boats at a 
immense expense—perhaps an unnecessary ex-
pense—I do not know; of having been subject to
breakages of engines and shafts, the vessels being
of a new class; of having to purchase dock-yards
for their own use, and having to incur various
other expenditures. I have no doubt that this
increased allowance, until the end of the year
1854, would not more than indemnify them for
the losses sustained, or what they might have
saved, with their present experience. As the
Senator from Georgia says'he is willing to agree
to the modification of my amendment, I will
change it so as to extend the time to the 31st of
December, 1854, instead of the 30th of June,
1854.
The PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered, it is not under the control of the
Senator from Tennessee without the consent of
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish the question
taken on the amendment as it now stands. I do
not know that I ought to interfere at all in a d ebate
like this; but I wish to say, that these allowances
for repairs—repairs to be made in all time to come,
as they have been in all time past—I understand,
embrace the allowances for repairs made upon the
Atlantic, and they are based upon the idea that
we are to have another catastrophe, like that
which occurred to the Atlantic, within the two
years to come
Mr. BELL. I do not contemplate any such
thing.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know gentlemen do-
not contemplate they will happen; but if they
should happen, the allowance is large enough to
compensate them; and if they do not happen, the
difference is so much clear gain, and I want the
country to see it. And yet, m the face of facts of
that kind, we are proposing to enlarge the allow-
ance for six months longer. There is a great dif-
ference between the amendment as it stands and
the proposition of the Senator from Tennessee,
and a vast difference in favor of his proposition in
regard to the interests of the country. If his
proposition is adopted, then it will require the
positive action of Congress to extend the time:
whereas if you let the bill stand as it is, the allow-
ance will terminate at the end of the specified
i time.
! Mr. BELL. I do not propose to change it in
i that respect.
[ Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am commending my
| friend's amendment, and I am showing the differ-
i ence between it and the bill as it now stands, and
! that it is all-important that the principle contained
I in the present amendment should be adopted. I
am making these remarks to show the impropri-
ety of extending the time, and to insist upon
taking the vote upon the proposition as it now
stands.
Mr. MILLER. The Senator from Kentucky
stated, that in the estimate of the losses, the acci-
dent which happened to the steamer Atlantic was
included. He is entirely mistaken in that. That
amount was covered by insurance, and does not
appear in the calculation at all.
Mr. TOUCEY. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
!Mr. UNDERWOOD, I hope the gentleman
