1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
14"9l
will withdraw that motion for a moment. I will
renew it.
Mr. TOUCEY. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My complaint, ,from
the beginning to the end of this whole matter, has
been that we can never get any estimate that we
can rely upon. I have stated that these estimates
and these presentations of facts do not give us
such specific information that we can understand
the exact amount of the losses. I had supposed
that the loss occasioned by the accident which
happened" to the Atlantic, was embraced in these
general estimates for repairs. I understand that
the Atlantic belongs to this line of steamers.
Mr. BADGrER. So she does.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. The Senator says " so
she does." Then that part of my information was
correct. But I see here is a general estimate for
so much for repairs; of course, my conclusion was
that it embraced all the repairs for all the ships of
this line; and when the Atlantic broke her shaft,
1 supposed that shaft was repaired out of the
money expended in this manner, just as the re-
pairs on any other vessel would have been effected.
Now, I am told that the charge was covered by
insurance I The estimates do not state that fact.
Mr. President, you will have to lay this matter,
from the beginning to the end, before the country.
Mr. BUTLER. If my .friend from Kentucky
will give way, I will move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. No, sir; I am in a mi-
nority upon this question, and [ wish the majority
to be held to the responsibility of the action of the
Senate on this subject.
Mr. BUTLER. I supposed that the Senator
from Kentucky was desirous of discussing the
subject at length, and my object in desiring to
move an adjournment was that the Senate might
evince the usual courtesy in such cas'es, so that
the Senator could proceed with his remarks to-
morrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am obliged to the Sen-
ator from South Carolina; but I did not want to
make a speech. I merely wished to reply to the
Senator from New Jersey, that my complaint has
been, from the beginning, that these generalities
leave us entirely in the dark; that they do not
explain things so that the country and members
of Congress can understand them. That is what
I complain of. It has not been stated, till now,
that the loss, in this case, has been covered by in-
surance.
Mr. TOUCEY. If the Senator from Kentucky
will allow me, I would remark, tha* I did not give
way, when I moved to adjourn, for the purpose
of enabling the Senator to make a speech, but to
make a mere remark to the Senator from New
Jersey.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When the gentleman
gave me the floor, surely I did not«nderstand him
that it was with the mere view of allowing me to
move an adjournment. The Senator had already-
made that motion, and I asked him to withdraw it
to allow me an opportunity of answering the re-
mark of the Senator from New Jersey. But, sir,
as I have already said, I see that I am in the mi-
nority, and I will not trouble the Senate with re-
marks that do not seem to be desired, or agreeable.
, I will merely state that we have not had the facts
all before us as they are coming out now. I now
fulfill my promise to the Senator from Connecticut,
and renew the motion to adjourn.
A division being called for on the motion, there
were—ayes 19, noes 17.
So the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 27, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan-.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of Senate bill No. 3, granting
the right of way to the State of Missouri and a
portion of the public lands to aid in the construc-
* tion of certain railroads in said State.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. Before proceeding
to the special order, I earnestly beg the indulgence
of the House to allow me to report from the Com-
mittee on Commerce a bill authorizing the issu-
ing of a register to a British vesset which was Hold,
bought in and repaired by the owner. She is
now lying at her wharf, and cannot repair to sea
for the want of a register.
There being no objection, the bilk was intro-
duced and read by its title a first and second time,
viz: " A bill to authorize the issuing of a register
to the schooner Caroline, of Barnstable."
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and being engrossed, was read the
third time and passed.
Mr. HENN,from the Committee on Engrossed
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled, Senate bill
No. 55, entitled " An act to relinquish to the State
of Iowa the lands reserved for salt springs there-
in;" Senate bill No. 333, entitled "An act to grant
to certain settlers on the Menomonee purchase,
north of Fox river, in the State of Wisconsin, the
right of preemption;*' and they severally received
the signature of the Speaker.
On motion by Mr. LANDRY, by unanimous
consent, •
Ordered, That the petition of citizens of Terras and New
Oilcans, ship-masters and ship-owners, asking for the es-
tablishment of a light-hou*=e on Ship Island shoal, in Louisi-
ana, be withdrawn fiom the files of the House, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. SEYMOUR, by unanimous
consent,
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce be discharged
from the fuither considetation of the memorial ot the Cham-
ber of Commerce ot the city ol New York, relative to the
tonnage of the vessels of France, and that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
GRANTS FOR RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER. The unfinished business of
yesterday is the bill granting the right of way to
the State of Missouri, and a portion of the public
lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads
therein. Upon ordering this bill to be engrossed
and read a third time, the previous question was
demanded and seconded ; and the question is,
Shall the main question be now put?
Mr. DEAN. Upon that question I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas S3, nays 70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Bell, Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, Bowne, B ronton,
Briggs, Brooks, Geoige II. Brown, Burrows, Busby, Lewis
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Claik, Cobb, Cottman, Curtis, Geoige T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Ficklin, Fitch,
Florence, Fowler, Gamble, Gaylord, Goodrich, Gorman,
Hall, Harper, Hart, Ilebard, Hendricks, Henn, Thomas M.
Howe, Hunter, John Johnson, J. Glaucy Jones, Kurtz,
Landry, Loekhart, Mace, McDonald, McNair, Milter,
Henry J). Moore, John Moore, Moirison, Olds, Samuel
W. Paikei, Pi-nniman, Phelps Rantoul, Riddle, Robbing,
Robm<on, Saeket, Scuddcr, Seuny, Stanly, Fiedcrick P.
Stanton, AbiahamP. Stevens, St. Mai tin, Stiaton, Stuart,
Taylor, Thurston, Tovvnshend, Walsh, Waid, Watkms,
Addison White, Alexander White, and Williams—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Averett, Babcock, David J. Bai-
ley, Beale, Bennett, Bocoek, John H. Boyd, Biagg, Buell,
Caldwell, Curtler, Cdhkie, Chastain. Cleveland, Chngman,
Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Edmundson, Faulkner,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs, Grow, Hamilton,
Hascall, Hibbard, Ilillyer, Holladay, Houston, John W.
Howe, Thomas Y. How, fngersoll, Jves, Jenkins, George
G. King, Pieston King, Letcher, Martin, Mason, McLana-
han, McQueen, Meaeham, Millson, Miner, Morrhead,
Murphy, Muiray, Newton, Peaslee, Perkins, Powell, Robie,
Ros«, Russell, Sehoomnaker, David L. Seymour,Origen
S. Seymour, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Sutherland,
Toombs, Walhridge, WalJacc, Washburn, Welch, Wells,
and Woodwaid—70.
Mr. YENABLE, when his name was called,
said: Mr. Speaker, Mr. Johnson, of Arkansas, who
is absent, has requested me to pair off with him.
He would have voted for the bill, and I should
have voted against it; but I have paired off with
him at his request. Is it in order to move a call
of the House?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order after the
main question has been ordered. It is not in order
even after the previous question shall have been
seconded.
Mr. BOCOCK. Has a motion been made to
lay the bill upon the tabic ? If it has, and it be in
order to make that motion again, after ordering
the main question, I make that motion.
The SPEAKER. That motion was made yes-
terday, and the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table. The Chair is aware that it has been
the practice of the House to indulge the repetition
of that motion. The present occupant of the
Chair, however, has decided that unless the bill
has undergone some change, or some action has
been had upon it between those motions, that it is
not in order.
Mr. HIBBARD. Has an amendment been
offered ?
The SPEAKER. No action upon the part-of
the House having taken plg.ee, except to order the
main question to be put, it is notv regularly, ia
order to move again to lay the bill upon'the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. May I make a suggestion
to the Chair, in connection with this point? rwjhen
the Motion was made before to lay uptjrt the table*
and I think the record will sustain my recollection
—it was upon the call for the previous question.
Since that time the previous question has been
seconded. Before that time, it was competent for
a member to vote against laying it upon the table,
with a hope that the previous question would not
be seconded, but that the bill would be committed.
Now the previous question has been ordered, and
the whole face of the case has been changed.
Mr. STUART. What is the difference ?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is every difference in
the world.
Mr. STUART. I do not see it. *
The SPEAKER. Under the circumstances the
Chair entertains the motion to lay upon the table,
submitted by the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. BOCOCK. Upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put upon Mr. Bocock's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
74, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Aiken. Allisbn, A>he, Averctt, Babcock,
David J. Bailej, Beale, Bennett, Bo^ock, Boyd, Bragg,
Breekiniidge, Buell, Caldwell, Caskie, Chastain, Cleve-
land, Clingman, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Edmundson,,
Faulkner, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Grow, Hamilton,
Harper, Isbam G. Harris, Hascall, Hibbatd, liillyer, Hol-
laday, Houston, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Inger-
so!l, fve«s, Jackson, Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, George G.
King, Preston King, Letcher, Martin, Mason, McQueen,
Meachamj Millson, Moiehead, Murphy, Munay, Newton,
Pcaslee, Perkins, Powell, Price, Robie, UusselJ,
Sehoomnaker, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Benja-
min Stanton, Alexander H. Stephens, Sutherland,Toombs,
Wallace, Washburn, Welch, Wells, Wildrick, and Wood-
ward—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Barrere, Bell, Bibighaus, Bisseil, Bowie, Bowne,
Brenton, Briggs, Brook4-, George H. Brown, Burrows, Bus-
by, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler,
Chapman, Clark, Cobb, Cottman, Curtis, Geoige T. Davis,
John G. Dnvi«, Disney, Dotv, Duncan, Dmkee, Eastman,
Edserton, Fickhn, Fitch, Floience, Fowler, Henry M.
Fullei, Gamble, Gajlord, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodrich,
Gorman, Green, Grey, Hall, Hart, Iiebaid, Hendricks,
Henn,Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, John Johnson, J. Glancy
Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Lockhait, Mace, McDonald, Mc-
Nair, Miller, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Mooie, Morri-
son, Old", Orr, S. W. Parker, Penmmait, Phelps, Rantoul,
Richardson, Riddle, Robtmis, Robinson, Sackett, Scudder,
Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P.
Stevens, St. Martin, Strallon, Stuart, Taylor, Thurston,
Townsh'md, Wolbridire, Walsh, Waid, Watkius, Addison
White, Alexander White, and Williams—94.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred upon the amendment pro-
posed by the committee, to strike out the fifth
section in the bill, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing:
See. 5. Jlndhe it further enacted, That the lands hereby
granted to said State, shall be disposed of by said State only
in manner following,' that is to say: that a quantity of land,
not exceeding one hundred and twenty sections, on each
road, and including within a continuous lengfh of twenty
mile-- of said toad, may be sold ; arid, when the Governor
of said State shall certify to the Secretary of the Interior
that said twenty miles of said road is completed, then an-
other like quantity hereby granted, may be sold, and so,
from time to tune, until said road is completed; and if said
road be not completed within ten yeais, no further pales
shall be made, and the lands unsold shall revert to thcUni-
ted States.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Has the morn-
ing hour expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not expired.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the yeas and nays upon
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRENTON. The section which was read
I understand is the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Public Lands. I should like to
have the section read which it is proposed to strike
out.
The Clerk then read the fifth section of the bill
proposed to be stricken out, as follows:
"Si'o.5. Jlnd be it further enacted. That if either of the
said lailroads shall not be completed within ten years, the
said State of Missouri shall be bound to pay to the United
States the amount which may be received by said State
upon the sale of any part of said lands granted to the use of
such road, the title to the purchasers undei said State re-
maining valid ; and the title to the residue of said lands,
gianteifto the use of said roads, shall reinvest in the United
