2S56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
f>. Morne, Murray, Newton, Samuel W. Parker, Tenni-
ii.an, Perkins, Price, Reed, Bobbins, Sehoonraakcr, Scuii-
(ier, David I.. Seymour, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, 'J'had -
■ieus Stevens, Thurston, Townshend, Walbridge, Wash-
burn, Welle, and Wildriek—65.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. McGtUEEN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the light-house appropriation bill is the
business first before the House. A motion was
made yesterday to reconsider the vote by which
the fourteenth amendment of the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union was agreed
to, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. That is the question now before the House.
Mr. FOWLER. What is the purport of that
amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is the amendment intro-
duced by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Evans,] establishing a board of light-house com-
missioners.
Mr. WALSH. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BUELL. L ask for the reading of the
amendment.
A Member. Oh, no. It was read twice yes-
terday.
Mr. BUELL. I have not heard it yet.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
amendment will be again read.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from New York to move that the amend-
ment be read.
Mr. BUELL. I understand that it is lengthy,
and therefore I will not insist on the reading,
although I have not heard the amendment.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative; so the motion to reconsider was
laid upon the table. The bill was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, was subsequently read the third time.
The question now being, Shall the bill pass?
Mr. DUNCAN moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, called for the
yeas and nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative; so the bill was passed.
Mr. DUNCAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved lo
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire the House to go into
committee this morning, and dispose of the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Indian appropriation
bill. Those amendments have been discussed
here once, and if there is no objection, I wish to
offer the usual resolution to close the debate in
one hour after we go into committee.
Mr. FREEMAN. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the hon-
orable gentleman from Alabama to withdraw that
motion, to allow me to report back a bill for the
relief of the widows and orphan children of cer-
tain officers and seamen of the United States brig
Washington, who were lost overboard in a hurri-
cane. It is a Senate bill. I have been ordered to
report it by the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
it has been in my hands for a long time. It will
not take "ten minutes to dispose of it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot give way, for I
am very anxious to get through with the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. DUNCAN, I wish to inquire what has
become of the motion of the gentleman from Al-
abama, to close the debate on the Senate's amend-
ments to the Indian appropriation bilP
Mr. HOUSTON. Objection is made to closing1
the debate until wegointo committee and consider
the amendments. 1 shall move very shortly that
the committee rise, with a view of limiting debate.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to.
The rales were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itwelf into the Committee of the
Whole on ther:!;ttc of the Union, [Mr. Di^vey, in
the chair.] v
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to take up the Senate
amendments to the Indian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. H. said: Mr. Chairman, I am too unwell
to occupy much time this morning, but even if I
were not I would not do so. There are some T.hree
or four important amendments made by the Senate
to this bill, to which I would direct a few moments
attention.
The first amendment made to this bill by the
Senate is to insert a provision on page five of the
original bill, which I will read:
a At the end of line twelve insert:
<( Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
is hereby, authorized to examine the reservation claims of
the Choctaws, known as the Bay Indians, and of those
Choetav\s in whose cases the scrip awarded by the late
Board of Commissioners has not been issued; and where
he shall find mat such Indians are clearly entitled to land
under the fourteenth article of the treaty of 1830, and under
the several acts heretofore passed in relation to such claims,
he is hereby authorized to extend to such claimants the
provisions applicable to such claims in the acta of the 23d
August, 1842, and of the 3d March, 1845.
" For supplying a deficiency in the appropiiations hete-
tofore made for removing the Choctaw Indians from Mis-
sissippi as estimated by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
§37,412."
There are two classes embraced in this amend-
ment—one of them contains about sixty-five or
seventy cases, and the other probably a little under
forty. About one hundred cases are embraced in
the amendment. In 1830, a treaty was made with
the Choctaw Indians of Mississippi, and in that
treaty the Indians have signified their disposition,
or intention rather, to remain m the country; and
wer^entttled, under the provisions of that treaty,
to certain portions of land upon which they lived.
That treaty has been fulfilled, it is said, with the
exception of these cases, embracing about one
hundred, The Committee of Ways and Means,
m its examination of this amendment, learned
from the Department—the papers I have with me
in my drawer—that one branch of these cases con-
sists of sixty or seventy claims of persons whose
cases were not in the second application acted upon
by the commissioners. The commissioners who
were appointed by the Government to go out to
Mississippi and award to each of the reservees,
who had signified their intention under the provis-
ions of the treaty to remain there, their reserva-
tions, in the first instance decided against these
sixty-seven cases. But, at the expiration of the
time of existence of the Board of Commissioners,
the applicants in these cases, some if not all of
them, renewed their testimony. That renewed
testimony was submitted to the Board of Commis-
sioners, and, I believe, in this instance, but two
days before the expiration of the board; and the
commissioners report that, under the press of busi-
ness at that time, they could not act upon the
claims. The Committee of Ways and Means
were of opinion, and so instructed me to recom-
mend to the House, that the provisions of this
treaty having been kept open so long, and having
been opened so much, and these things having
been adjudicated adversely to the claimants once,
and their additional testimony only filed two days
before the expiration of the existence of the board,
that it was inexpedient to reopen the provisions of
that treaty again. I believe 1 have stated fully the
points bearing upon this branch of the case, and
in a very short and succinct manner.
Mr. FREEMAN. I desire to read to the com-
mittee what the report of that commission was.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have myself the report of
the commissioners, and I have stated precisely
what was contained in it. The Indians embraced
in the class to which I have directed a moment's
attention, were decided against upon point of fact.
It was said, and indeed the Indians admitted it,
that they had left Mississippi; but they alleged
that they had left under a compulsion on the part
of their agents, and others, who had influence
over them. The case was submitted to the com-
missioners, therefore, upon a point of fact, and the
commissioners, in the first instance, decided the
fact against the applicants. The applicants then
renewed their testimony, and it has never been
decided upon.
I am satisfied that the gentleman from Missis-
sippi will agree with me that these arc the facts of
the case.
j Mr. FREEMAN. They left their own ground
;j —the ceded territory'—but not the State of Mis-
\\ sissippi, under a misapprehension of their rights,
11 and under compulsion.
! j Mr. HOUSTON. That is what I have said,
ij Mr. FREEMAN, You said that they left the
11 State of Mississippi.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that they left
! | the State.
Ij Mr. FREEMAN. Well, sir, that is not an
i« important point, I suppose; but I hope the com-
mittee will listen to me for one moment, because
, j I am certain that this House has no desire to do
11 injustice to any part of the Indians heretofore ex-
jj isting in the State of Mississippi. The treaty
; with those Indians has certainly been of great ben-
t efit to the nation, and it is no part of the policy of
'I this Government to do injustice to the small rem-
nant now seeking their rights at the hands of this
House. The Indian commission, which went
out to Mississippi—it may not be remembered by
all, but it will be by some—had great difficulties
among themselves, and some of these commis-
sioners v/erefinaliy removed, and others appointed
in their places. For a long periocf of time, while
that commission was in session, it was wholly
impossible, for the quarrels existing between the
commissioners, for anybody to do business be-
fore them. Finally, when the time to which they
were limited in the examination of these cases ex-
pired, there was still this class of cases pending
before them. The testimony had all been taken.
The Indians themselves had gone to the expense
of proving their claim.
That testimony was all before the commission-
ers. But for want of time, in consequence of the
statute limiting those commissioners to a particu-
lar period, they were unable to adjudicate upon
all the evidence which was before them. That
evidence is now on file in the Department of the
Secretary of the Interior; and all that we ask is,
that the Indians shall have that hearing before the
Secretary of the Interior, which they were entitled
to have before the commissioners. That is all
we ask of this House. The Senate has inserted
an amendment for that purpose in this bill, and I
put it to every man here whether he will vote
against the amendment for the purpose of doing
justice to this small class of Indians. What is the
argument which the Committee of Ways and
Means bring forward against this amendment ?
Why, they say the commission was in existence
so long that we have concluded not to reopen the
matter again. Is not that an argumentative and
christian answer to the appeal of the poor Indian
for his homestead! I hope this House will turn
a deaf ear to an argument of that character, and
I trust they will now listen to the words of the
commissioners themselves, which I propose to
read.
Extract from the final report of the commis-
sioners, of the 36th of June, 1845, to the President
of the United States:
"Sixty-seven (67) cases of other Choctaws, claimants
fiom the Bay of St. Louis, in Hancock and Harrison coun-
ties,in the State of Mississippi, and known as the 4 Bay
Indian claimants,' are also herewith transmitted to the
War Department, unadjudicated by the commissioners.
These claims received a special notice by the undeisigned
in their repoit to the President of the 18th of last Decem-
ber, already refened to, the substance of which special no-
tice was, that these * Bay Indians' had, by their admission,
left the ceded country within five years from the date of
the treaty ; that they alleged and endeavored to prove this
departure was compulsory on their part; that their agents
agreed to file special evidence m these cases, with an un-
derstanding on their pait, as well as on the part of the eom-
missioneis, and so expressed in their report aforesaid; that
no judgment could, under the circumstances, be rendered ;
and that they should be reported to the President for such ,
action as he should deem best for the assuring of ultimate
justice to them, and this recommendation was so expressed
in their report.
u Since then, and within the last few days, additional tes-
timony has been filed with thishoaid in relation to these
claims; and one of the agents, E. B. W. Ivirksey, Esq., of
Mississippi,here repiesenting them, applied through their
counsel, A. B. Meek, Esq., of Alabama, and Henry JL.
Martin, Esq., of Mississippi, for the definite and final ad-
judication of the boaid upon them. From the late period
at which the application was made and argued, (there re-
maining of the time but two days of the legal existence of
the board for the investigation of the regularity of these
claims,) and the decision of the impoitant question of fact,
as to the compulsory oi voluntaiy abandonment of then
country by the claimants, the commissioners decided, that
in the pressure of other business, equally claiming theirre-
gaid, there was not sufficient time for a rightful and jw-t
final determination of these claims, and as, in their former
