1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
581
in reference to it. It was a mere act of Congress
by which he came here at all. There has beea no
deception, no imposition practiced at all. But the
gentleman says, the Delegate is not complaining. I
uo not know why gentlemen are so forward in
their complaints,when they say the Delegate him-
self, who is the person to be affected by their ac-
tion, is not himself complaining. If he is satis-
fied, I do not know why gentlemen should get up
and undertake to read us a lecture upon dereliction
of duty, when the person who is to receive the
benefit of our act is himself satisfied with the law
us it is. Gentlemen say, that it is a discrimination
between this case and. others. The case itself
makes the discrimination, and it is not the law
which makes it. The law has only applied itself
to the case as it is. All of us admit here, that
there is a great inequality—an unreasonable in-
equality in the compensation of members, growing
out of the mileage; and the further the individual
is removed from the seatof Government, thegreater
is the inequality. That is the reason why the law
has provided for this ease of the Delegate of Ore-
gon. The distance being so great, it would be
monstrous that he should come under the same
lules fiAing his mileage, its a member living within
one or two hundred miles of the capital. I hold
that there is no injustice, nothing wrong m it;and
while gentlemen say the whole system is wrong, I
say where is the propriety, when we have made
one single advance, however small it may be, to-
wards coirecting an evil, in going back again to
the point whence we started, for the purpose of
making the evil still worse than it now is ?
This House, I believe, did pass a bill at the last
Congress, but it did not become a law—a bill dic-
tated by the sense and judgment of the House,
and rendered necessary by the circumstances of
the case—by which all the members of this House,
whether Representatives of States or Delegates
from Territories, living at the other side of the
Rocky Mountains, were to receive no more than
a certain compensation, and that was $2,500. It
was said, by the last Congress, that $2,500 was
sufficient compensation for any gentleman living
the other side of the Rocky Mountains. It was
considered by the last Congress that $2,500 was
sufficient compensation to the Delegate from Ore- ■
gon, whoever he might be. I do not think, under j
the circumstances—knowing the circumstances 1
under which Congress then acted—that that law I
is to be -iitiractenzed by gentlemen here as being j
ignoimnous.
If there is any further legislation necessary to
place the Delegate from Oregon upon a footing
with others, let us not go back and disturb this
law, which has made a commencement in the di-
rection, which all say is the right one, but let us
follow it up in other cases.
Gentlemen seem to suppose, that upon the pas- ;
of this bill quiet will be restored upon this
subject of mileage. Why, it seems to me only a
lenewal of the airitation on the subject. The ;
mileage of members of Congiess lias been the .sub- ;
jeet of complaint ami of severe remark, and al-
ways will be while the inequality is kept up. 1
believe it will not be any more easy matter to rec-
oncile this whole subject after having placed this
hack again, than if we were to start from this
point, if anything has been gained, and all seem
to adnnt that .something has been.
Gentlemen talk about the great expense of get-
ting elected to Congress, and think that they
ought, therefore, to have very large compensation.
] do not know that we ought to listen to such ar-
guments as that. It does not always follow—al-
though it may be the case at present—that the
member or delegate who lives furthest from the
-eat of Government should, therefore, receive the
urgest compensation, as the one whose election
will cost !ura the most. It may be so now, but it
certainly is not so always, and therefore that con-
sideration cannot be taken into account for the
;.urpose of judging of the reasonableness of the
law, or the amount of the compensation. I do
not believe it is very good policy either, to foster
the idea that we are, by means of compensation,
to hold out inducements to persons who may be-
come candidates for election here to make use of
very extraordinary means to obtain that election.
I am satisfied that the deliberate sense of this
House has been expressed in the vote token this
morning, and which it is now proposed to recon-
sider. I believe that a majority of ?hf' Hon^e have
| by that vote given a candid and praiseworthy ex-
] pression of their judgment upon this question,
I without being at all affected oy any political or
| party considerations. As has been very well and
; properly remarked, it has not been a party vote,
• and a question of this sort ne\er should be. It is
| a question that never can at different times affect
J parties in the same way. It may affect one po-
| litical organization favorably to-day and another
i to-morrow.
! Sir, 1 trust that after the discussion and delibera-
| tion that has been had upon this subject on yester-
| day and to-day, and the opportunity that has been
afforded gentlemen to make up their mmds tlior-
I oughly. we shall not now wheel about and change
the result, merely because there may be, perhaps,
with some individuals a disposition to find fruit
and cavil and complain of the result because they
; think it is going to affect one of their friends unfa-
| vornbly. I trust the vote thus deliberately taken
: and recorded will be permitted to stand.
Mr. HALL. I think this question has been !j
| sufficiently discussed, and I therefore move the [i
! previous question. jj
[Loud cries of " Oh, no !"] ;j
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the gentleman will with- li
draw that motion. ';
Mr. HALL. If the gentleman ftoni Georgia;!
desires to make any remarks I will withdraw it. j!
The demand for the previous question was then :
withdrawn. * :
Air. TOOMBS. I v. ish to offer a few observa- i
tions in ienly to the gentleman ftom Indiana first i
up, [Mr. Fitch,j and also to the gentleman from
: Indiana last up, [Mr. Parker.] The friends of •
; this bill demand its passage upon the allegation '
that the existing law is unjust. That is the only 1
| argument or the only statement which I have I
heard made by them. I lay out of the account !
the argument of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. |
Parker,] that the bill ought to be passed in order ■
to save the time of the House. A little more ex- <
perience in this House will show that gentleman
that he is mistaken, and that the absence of dis-
cussion here does not facilitate adjournments.
The most harmless time which is spent by the
House of Representatives, he will find, is that jj
spent in discussion. I lay out of the account, also, ;t
the argument made by the gentleman upon the ij
personal merits of the sitting member from Ore- j;
gon. I doubt not that they are as sreat as lie rep- ;
resents them to be, but that is not a legitimate Ij
consideration in this question. I lay out of the :i
account the charges made by the other gentleman '
from Indiana. [Mr. Pitch,] against certain mem- i'
bers of this House respecting their course upon ■
this subject before and after their elections. It ii
may be true or not true as regards those gentle-!,
men, but it cannot, affect this question at all. j'
"Whether certain gentlemen took one course with ij
reference to mileage before their elections and,|
another after, does not show this law to be unjust, >'
and it is for those who stand in that category to ;j
defend themselves. These are mere outside in- j'
fluencos that are brought up to affect this question. ■'
When the bill oigam/mg the Territory of Ore- '
gon passed this House, the mileage of no member \
of the House went as high as ^2,500. That sum
was beyond the. mileage paid to any member of '
this House, and Congress limited the mihage of '
the Delegate from Oregon to £2,500. li was not ,■
unjust then, unless it was inadequate; and its in- j
justice therefore must be based entirely and exclu-
sively upon its inadequacy. I will demonstrate, 'j
that if there was injustice, the injustice was upon :j
more than half the members of this House. Sub- h
sequeatly California was admitted into the Union,
and the mileage nf its Representatives was also
limited by this House, but the limitation was re- i
jected by the other House; and the same was the
case with respect to the Territory of Utah. j,
Well, the House fixed that limitation because j
it believed that after the payment of traveling ex- j
penses, it left sufficient salary. It left more salary ' j
than was given to two thirds of all the members i
of this House, andl say that it does to-day; after !
deducting traveling expenses, it leaves more salary J
now, out of this mileage, than is paid to two j
thirds of the members of rhis House. Where,
then, is the injustice? Why, it seems to be based
upon the falacious idea that it is unjust because .
three <>>• four gentlemen in this House get more
by a dffferent rule—that is, by the law of 1818. ,
Now. nil seem admit that the law of 181b works ••
unequally and unjustly. These very gentlemen
themselves say so, and yet we are asKed to go
back to a rule acknowledged to be wrong, as a
measure of justice. Both the gentlemen from In-
diana say that the rule adopted by the act of 1818
is wrong. The gentleman from Indiana over the
way [Mr. Fitch] told the House that lie was
chairman of the Committee on Mileage of the last
Congress, and endeavored to correct that wrong,
but failed; and now he asks that you shall go
back to a rule which he has himself declared to be
wrong.
But the injustice seems to be based on the idea
that there are three or four members on this floor
who receive more mileage than the Delegate from
Oregon. If his compensation is sufficient and just
of itstlf, is it unjust because you do not give iiim
what other members get, and what this House
has repeatedly declared to be unjust ? That is a
most singular system of reasoning.
Mr. STUART, (interposing.) Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia allow me to say, that I find
upon inquiry thatone of the members from Texas
receives between twenty-four and twenty-five hun-
dred dollars, and the other three thousand dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. That very bill of limitation,
limited all on this side of the Rocky Mountains to
$1,500. If one of the members from Texas gete
$3,000, you only state another ease of grosser in-
justice. That is all. Well, I do not see how you
can remove injustice by multiplying unjust cases;
yet that is what you propose to do.
Mr. STUART, (interrupting.) My idea is,
that the man who travels fi\e hundred miles—the
facilities being nearly alike—makes as much pro-
portionate profit on his mileage, as the man who
travels live thousand miles. Every member's
mileage is calculated on the principle of so many
cents per mile. Now I ask the gentleman from
Georgia, to show the House how this rule is right
up to four hundred or a thousand miles, and be-
comes so radically wrong when you get up to three
or five thousand miles.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say that the principle is
wrong; that it is not a correct principle It is
much more difficult to come to this House from the
western part of Texas, both in expense and phys-
ical suffering and risk—if they are to enter into
the consideration—than it is to come from San
Francisco. JSvery gentleman knows that. It does
not depend entirely upon distance, but then, on
account of the distances, and the expansion of the
limits of the Republic, and the facilities for travel-
ing in this country, the compensation having been
always more than sufficient to pay traveling ex-
penses, it has become an important and material
item of salary. The House, therefore, said that
when a man could come from San Francisco for
$.300, and return for £300, he should only have
$1,900 as salary. A great many members get no
salary at all. In some cases, on account of the
difficulty of traveling, it is only half of the mileage;
in others it is not five per cent. It is a mistaken
idea, that we can correct in justice by making the
act of 1818 the rule, which is itself an unjust rule.
There is the difficulty.
Now if #3,500 is just compensation for a Dele-
gate from the western coast of America, it is not
unpist because there are two other gentlemen here
ftom that portion of the Republic who receive
$5,000, because that has been repeatedly declared
by the House to be unjust and improper compen-
sation. Why is it unjust not to make another
such case? That is what you ask us to do.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, (interrupting.) The
gentleman has misstated my position—of course*
unintentionally. The rule is unjust. It is just
that the gentleman from Georgia should receive
the mileage that he does now, because the rest of
us receive the mileage that we do. But if we re-
ceived the mileage that we ought to receive, his
mileage would be unjust. The rule is wrong; and
my objection to the special law in relation u> the
Delegate from Oregon is this, that you have taken
him from under the operation of the unjust rule
and made special legislation m regard to him. We
ought to legislate m regard to the whole, and not
m regaid to individual cases.
Mr. TOOMBS. I agree with the gentleman.
But the very fact that this case is the only one that
lias been taken out from under the unju&tjruJe.,
makes it a just case, and the gentleman therefore
wishes to overturn the only just case. According
to his argument, we must go backwards Thai i&
