1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2357
report, tliey a e again rcspeetfuilv referred to the President
for such lemedial action a«h© may deem expedient and just
towards them."
The additional testimony above referred to was
taken under a commission from the board, on in-
terrogatories filed by the attorney of these claim-
ants and cross-interrogatories filed by the Board,
and the motion demanding definite action was
made as soon as that testimony was returned.
Now, Mr. Chairman, here is the official evi-
dence. Here is the confession of the Government.
The only question on which these claims are to be
repudiated and rejected is, whether or not these
Indians left the ceded territory before the time pre-
scribed by the treaty, by compulsion or volun-
tarily. The evidence is, that they left by com-
pulsion. Now, I ask every humane man in this
House, does it make any difference in honor or
justice at what time they left5 I ask any gentle-
man whether, because these Indians, ignorant as
we know them to be, have left the grounds which
they were entitled to, according to the admission
of this Government, before the time prescribed,
jt follows that we ought to swindle them out of
the small tracts of land which are justly due to
them? Is that*the persuasive argument that is to
be put up here by the Committee of Ways and
Means' Are those the ways and means by which
this Government is to do justice to a race of
friendly Indians, whose misfortunes are their only
faults? I hope to hear no argument of that nature
addressed to the conscience of this House; and,
sir, what is the question of the administration of
justice to the Indians, but one of conscience ? We
have wrested from them all the power which they
ever possessed. They are but orphans m our
charge; and here, when they have been at the ex-
pense of taking all the evidence necessary to sus-
tain their claim—when they simply come before
you, and ask that the Secretary of the Interior
shall pass upon their claim the same judgment
which would be willingly granted to any white
citizen of the United States—when the American
Senate, considering these things, have put this
amendment in the bill—the Committee of Ways
and Means have graciously taken the matter into
consideration, and concluded that they could not
allow the investigation to go 011, for fear a little
more land would be allowed to the poor Indians.
Sir, tl.'- is a policy which I trust this House
will not consent to. Let the Indian be heard.
Who will condemn him without reading his testi-
m ony ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot yield to my friend
from Mississippi any longer, as I do not desire to
consume much of the time of the committee. The
gentleman has read an extract from the report of
the commissioners, and I flatter myself that the
committee has seen that it establishes precisely
the state of facts that 1 presented. It is acknowl-
edged that the Indians left the ceded country be-
fore the five years hod expired, and for that reason
have forfeited any right that ihey might otherwise
have been entitled to. They have attempted to
establish the fact, by proof, that their departure
was not voluntary. Well, if they had established
that fact, if they had satisfied the Hoard of Com-
missioners that such was the fact, as a matter of
course that board would have decided in their
favor; but, on account of the fact that the proof
did not make out that case, their claim was de-
cided against.
Mr. FREEMAN. The commissioners do not
say that. They say that they had not time to de-
cide upon the testimony.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will just
hold still, I will come to that part directly. I said
before, that the commissioners say they had
not time, but upon the first investigation of this
case, I state that the commissioners did not report
m favor of these claims. I understand, from
reading the report of these commissioners them-
selves, that such is the case. If not, why did
they not report in favor of the Indians? If the
proof was made out by the parties, why did not
the commissioners report in favor of the claim?
The conclusion is, that the proof did not make out
the case, and the gentleman cannot escape that
conclusion. The commissioners decided in the
first instance against this claim.
Mr. FREEMAN, The conimmsionei-s staie
themselves, m their report, thc t they made a point
acinar Hie fndians that they had left their grounds
too eaily. What was the policy of that treaty?
It was to drive them away from the State of Mis-
sissippi. I state the fact that that technical point
was made against them, and the Indians had no
right to anticipate that it would be made when it
was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. Where do the commission-
ers state that?
Mr. FREEMAN. They state in their own re-
port, that they made that point by which the In-
dians were taken by surprise, and the moment
they had an opportunity to rebut that presump-
tion they offered testimony, and all they now ask
is, a judgment upon that testimony.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not know that the
commissioners had stated that they had made a
technical point which had taken the Indians by
surprise.
Mr. FREEMAN. I have stated what the
point made was, and any lawyer can see that it
was a technical one.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would not, if I could, pre-
sent an improper view of this to the House. I would
not do it if 1 could. I am not here to advocate
or defeat the claim of the Indians. I am here to
present the facts of the case, as I understand them,
for the consideration of the House, and if I pre-
sent them improperly, or if the inferences i make
from the facts be improper, the House can cor-
rect them. I have no feeling in defeating the In-
dians at all. None whatever. I repeat, as I stated
before, that as I understand the reading of that
report, the question of fact presented to the Board
of Commissioners was, whether the Indians had
failed to bring themselves within the provisions 0i
the treaty by remaining on the ceded territory for
a longer time than was required by the articles of
the treaty. Because that fact was not established
and proved, the Board of Commissioners decided
the case against them. Well, they go on then to
say, that an argument of counsel was made before
the Board of Commissioners two days before the
expiration of its existence in favor of this claim,
and then it was that they decided, that from the
press of other business they could not decide upon
this claim at that time. So that the renewed tes-
timony, the additional proof, has never been de-
cided upon by the Board of Commissioners.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if it is policy, or desir-
able for this House or Congress to reopen all
these cases, why, then, let them do so; but it
occurs to me that there ought to bean end to these
investigations somewhere. If, however, it is the
pleasure of Congress to reopen these cases, let
another board be created to pass upon them, and
not take the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, or
the Secretary of the Interior, who, as a matter of
course, 1 presume, would be controlled by the
head of the Indian Bureau, who has already de-
cided in favor of most of them.
Mr. FREEMAN, Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs has already decided in favor of these
claims ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that he lias
recommended some of them.
Mr. FREEMAN. I hope the House will hear
that remark, that the proper Departments of the
Government have decided in favor of these claims. i
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not here to conceal any
part of the case, and I have no desire to do so. I i
am here to present the facts of the matter without
concealment. 1
The other branch of the amendment is this:
There were thirty-seven cases, which weie adjudi- !
cated by the Board of Commissioners, and adju- '
dicated favorably. The Board of Commissioners
passed upon the testimony in pursuance of law, ;
and reported the whole case, with the testimony, '
to the head of the Indian Office here. The reason •
why the land scrip is not issued in pursuance
with this award—for the award was favorable in •
all these thirty-seven cases—is, that, in pursuance
of the revisory power which existed in the head of
the Indian Office in this city, the Commissioner of .
Indian Affairs overruled the decision of the Boaid
of Commissioners upon the ground that the cases
were not made out.
Now, there is the whole case presented to this :
committee. I have not a particle of feeling in re-
lation to the matter. If I have any feeling at all, ,
it is in favor of the Indians. If I knew that this i
or any other appropriation claimed by the Indians
went into the pockets of the Indians alone, I would 1
never resist a claim which was even doubtful. I ■.
would not resist a claim, although I thought there
was a doubt if that claim was likely to be applied
for the benefit of the Indians themselves. My
whole sympathies and feelings are for these In-
dians.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask my friend
from Alabama if he does not know that there is a
law now m existence, which was passed as a sec-
tion of the deficiency bill, providing that all moneys
which are due to the Indians shall not go to any-
body else than the Indians to whom they may be
due? Does he not know that that is the case?
Mr. HOUSTON. That provision was passed
i| in the deficiency bill.
i Mr. JOHNSON. That is the law, then. Now,
! I ask the gentleman from Alabama if it is just,
| fair, or right to thiow out the imputation that the
;; Indians alone do not get the money, but that the
1 agents get it—and we thus justify ourselves for
:i refusing to allow a just claim of these Indians? I
| say it is unkind to throw out such an imputation.
!i Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman did not un-
| derstand the effect of my remarks, or he would
] not have intimated that I had thrown out any im-
i putation to prevent these Indians from getting their
;! just dues. I said—as every gentleman who heard
1 j me will bear witness—that my feelings were with
, these Indians, and that if I were satisfied the
" money would go for the benefit of the Indians, I
j| would not resist any appropriation they were
!j seeking for, if there was a doubt about the justice
j of that appropriation. I was not endeavoring to
I prejudice this case, or any other case.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. I want to dis-
cuss this question presently. I desire now, how-
ever, to say to the jientleman fiom Alabama, [Mr.
Houston-,"1 that from the colloquy between him
and my friend from Arkansas, [Mr. Johnson,] the
impression was doubtless produced upon the
minds of those who were listening, that these In-
dians were seeking a compensation m money and
not in land.
Mr. HOUSTON. Oh, nobody believes that.
Mr. BROWN. Well, it sounded very much
like it over here.
Mi. HOUSTON. 1 had read the amendment
in which it i« proposed to authorize the Secretary
of the Interior to pass upon the testimony now on
file, and if he believes the cases are fairly made
out, within the law, he shall issue scrip in cases
where it has not already been awarded. That is
what they ask for. I will have the amendment
again read, if it is necessary; but I apprehend it is
not. I take it for granted that my friend from
Mississippi is mistaken.
Mr. BROWN here made a remark, which was
not heard by the Reporter.
Mi. HOUSTON continued. The proposition
is to give them land scrip according to the provis-
ions of the law of 1842 and 1845.
The second branch of this amendment embiaces
a claim which has been examined by the other
members of the committee more particularly than
by myself, and being rather indisposed, I prefer
to pa&s over it, with the hope that it will be ex-
plained by the other members of the committee.
The fourth amendment is one in which the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] is concerned. 11
is one which has been substituted for one adopted
by the House, at the instance of the gentleman
from Indiana. As it is a long one, I will not ask
to have it read, but will merely state the substance
of it. Under three treaties between the Eel River
Indians and the Government of the United States,
they were entitled to about #1,100 a year, but for
twelve or fourteen years, 01* thereabouts, they have
not drawn the money, for the reason, as I undei-
stand it, that the Government of the United States
had lost sight of tins tribe. After examination, it
was ascertained that the moneys due to the Eel
River Indians had been paid over to the Miami
nation. It was ascertained that it had been paid
to the wrong tribe. Within the last two or three
years, my friend from Indiana was appointed to
investigate into that matter, and he reports that
there are some sixteen Eel River Indians still in
existence, and therefore it becomes the duty of
the Government not only to pay to these Indians
the annuities to which they are now entitled, but
one amendment or provision to the bill, inserted
at the mrtance of the gentleman from Indians,
that the money which had been erroneously paid
to the Miami Indiana, should be taken out of the
annuities of that tribe and refunded to the Eel
