1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GlME
AM'
By Mr. PABKEB, of Indiana: The petition of E. F.
Donelan, Francis Sell, and 94 others, citizens of Union,
Wayne, and Randolph counties, Indiana) praying for a tri-
weekly mail route from Liberty, via Abmgton and Center-
ville, to Winchester.
By Mr. EASTMAN: The petition of John B. Sweat, for
a mail route in Iowa county, Wisconsin.
By Mr. ItOBBINS : The petition ot EveMi!ls,of Phila-
delphia, asking Congress to grant her a pension and back
pay, lor services rendered by her husband, Frcdcnck Mills,
of Pennsylvania, during the revolutionary war.
IN SENATE.
Friday, May 28, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to dispense with the
execution of the special order, requiring; private
bills to be taken, up to the exclusion of all other busi-
ness, with a view to take up the deficiency bill. I
hope that bill will be taken up, and that we shall
get through with all the amendments to-day.
Mr. BADGER. I shall not object to suspend-
ing the order for taking up the Private Calendar;
but if the Senate please to suspend it, I shall then
submit an application to be allowed, upon this
very propitious occasion, to complete a speech
on the finality of the compromise, which I com-
menced in the beginning of February last. [Laugh-
ter.] I shall ask the Senate to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolutions upon that subject.
Mr. HUNTER. When we shall have estab-
lished the finality of the deficiency bill, I shall
have no objection to hearing my friend from North
Carolina upon the finality of the compromise.
Mr. WALKER. .Being opposed to the motion,
and desirous tliat the Senate should proceed to the
consideration of private bills, I ask for the yeas
and nays on the question of postponing the exe-
cution of the order.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Badger, Bell, Blight,
Brodbead, Brooke, Chase, Cooper, De Sau^ure, Dod^e of
Iowa, Douglas, Fish, Geyer, Hale, Huntei, James, Jones
of Iowa, King, Mangum, Mason, Miller, Rusk, Sevvaid,
Smith, Soul6, Spruanee, Toucey, Undenvood, Wade, and
Weller—31.
NAYrt—Messrs. Bmland, Butler, Cass, Dodge of Wis-
coij^in, FYlch, Hamlin, Mallory, Noiris, Piatt, Sebastian,
Sumner, Upham, and Walker—13.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, announcing that they had passed
an act to authorize the issuing of a register to the
schooner Caroline, of Barnstable; which was read
a .first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also,^ An act to change the name of the Amer-
ican-built vessel named the Amelia, and to grant a
register to it."
PASSES OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
The hill entitled " An act to enable the Govern-
ment to deepen the passes of the Mississippi,"
was read a third time and passed.
RESIGNATION OF MR. BERRIEN.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has received
from an honorable Senator from Georgia, John
McPiierson Berrien1", a statement that he has
resigned his seat in theSenateof the United States.
The Chair will take occasion to say, that, having
long served with that honorable Senator, it is with
deep regret that he finds himself under the neces-
sity of presenting this communication. That Sen-
ator had always shown himself upon this floor to
be a gentleman of uniform courtesy. His ability
all can appreciate fur his services here. His use-
fulness to the country, the country will appreciate;
and his resignation will be deeply regretted.
The letter of resignation was read, as follows:
Washington, May 28, 1S52.
Sir : Be pleased to accept this as the resignation of my
goat in the Senate of the IJruted States. Having already
notified the Governor of Georgia of n y intention to ietire
from the Senate, it only lemams, in closing my connection
with a body with winch \ have been so long associated, to
express to its members my respectful good wishes for their
individual prosperity and happiness ; and to subseube my-
self, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
joiin Mcpherson berrien.
To the IIon. William II. Kivg,
President pro tern. Senate of the United States.
Mr. BUTLER. As the subject is up, perhaps
1 should announce that a vacancy on the Judiciary
Committee is caused hf the resignation of the Sen-
ator from Georgia. I desire to ask that a member
may be appointed to fill the place of that gentle-
man. In doing so, I take occasion to say, that
he has been a most valuable member upon that
committee. He was my counsellor; and upon all
important questions, particularly those of a con-
stitutional character, 1 resorted to Judge Berrien
with more confidence, perhaps, than to any other
, member associated with me on that committee—
meaning no disparagement to the others—but be-
causehe had been longer on the committee, and was
more familiar with the subjects before it. And I
can only announce, while asking that his place
may be filled with another, that I very much re-
gret his departure. I move that the vacancy be
filled by the President of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent, as the rule prescribes that all committees
shall be elected by ballot.
Mr. BADGER. I imagine there can be no ob-
! jection to that.
Mr. SEWARD. Let it be so.
; No objection was made.
; the deficiency bill.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill from the House of Representatives, entitled
" An act to supply deficiencies in appropriations
foi the service of the fiscal yenr ending 3tyh of
June, 1852," the question pending being upon the
; motion of Mr. Bell to amend the amendment,
I adopted as in Committee of the Whole, providing
• for ndditional compensation to the Collins line of
, steamers, by striking out of it the proviso:—
i (iProuded, Thatit shall be m the powet of Congress, at
■ any time altei the 31st day ot December, 1854, to terminate
1 the anaugement loi any additional allowance herein pro-
; vided lor, up-m "iving six moriUis"1 nonce;"
| And inserting in lieu of it the following:
Provided, That after the 30th daj- of June, 1854, the rate
I of compensation to t-aid line of steameis shall not exceed
i $11),230, pet tup, unless Congiess in the mean lime shall
oiheiwise piovide.
Mr. DAWSON. Was there any objection to
inserting the " 31st December,"in place of the
" 30th June," m the amendment of the Senator
from Tennessee, to the amendment?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Underwood] objected. He wants
the question taken on the amendment as it is.
Mr. RUSK. 1 do not desire to consume the
time of the Senate, but if this amendment be
adopted, I shall regard it a defeat of the measure
altogether. Everybody who has paid any at-
tention to this mattei knows that from the day the
Collins line of steamers commenced operations,
every effort which capital and ingenuity could
make, has been made for the purpose of driving
them off the line, and appropriating to the British
Government the monopoly of the line fiom Liver-
pool to New York. This has extended through-
out the whole length of time. The Cunard line
refused even m the second year, to alternate with
the Collins line. They refused every amicable
proposition which would give each party a fair J
oppoitunity for the passage and the freight to be j
divided between them. Well, sir, what will be I
the result of the adoption of this amendment? ;
It will be simply to say, in language as plain as ;
can be used to the Cunard line, " Redouble your i
exertions; these men have but a year or two to j
live: Congress will be delayed—if any ajd is j
given afterwards to put them on an equality with |
y0U—by a six months'investigation of the sub-
ject." It would be inviting them to make every
effort to render this an unprofitable business to
the Collins line, and, at the end of the year, drive
it off, and assume the monopoly for thfir own
line. That would be the effect of the adoption of
this amendment to the amendment.
Several Senators. Question!
Mr. DAWSON. Senators are very desirous
to take the question immediately. So am I. If 1
were under the satne conviction that my friend
from Texas is, I should be controlled by the same
course; but I cannot see how this would jeopard j
in the least the interests of this company. I con- i
sider the proposition which is now before us as j
an extiemely different one—one well calculated to ;
| sustain the pride and honor of the nation, other- '
wise I would not sustain it. 1 think the passage j
of the amendment to the bill very much depends I
upon the adoption of this particular amendment j
to it. The amendment to the amendment is one ,
which extends the time until the 30th of June, J
1854—two years—and then places it within tlie
power of Congress to ;LegieIate upon the subject.
Are we distrustful of the future Qongress which
may meet, and have this subject under considera-
tion ? • Do we believe that they would change the
action of this Congress? If we do, it is a right
that belongs to them, and we o'ugh4t not,..by a
compact, to bind them in such a way as to pre-
vent the exercise of that right. I have gone to
that extent, believing that there will be develdp-
ments in relation to this line of steamers' by tHat
time which will inform us much better upon'tfie
state and condition of the company than we are
informed now. 1 go for a limitation, because I
have not ascertained the facts satisfactorily to in-
duce me to aid in making this permanent arrange-
ment. I am willing to extend it for a time. There
is no man, I repeat, more anxious to sustain this-
line than I am; but 1 am unwilling to tie my hands
for years to come. I am wilhng~to be tied for
two years, and that is the extent to which I am
willing to go.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote for the amendment to
the amendment, though I should have preferred to
terminate the contract on the 1st of January, 3854,
and have left the whole matter then to Congress,
which 1 yet think would be the better course.
Mr. DAWSON. This is still more liberal to
the company.
Mr. CASS. I shall vote for this, although I
should have preferred the other.
The question being taken on the amendment to
the amendment, resulted—yeas 20, nays 22; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Borland, Brodhead, But-
ler, Cass, Chase, Dawson, De Saussure, Dodge of Wiscon-
sin, Ilunter, King, Mallory, Mason, Norris, Sebastian, Un-
derwood, Wade, Walker, and Weller—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bright, Cooper, Davis, Fish,
Hale, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Mangum, Miller,
Pearee, Pratt, Ruf-k, Seward, Shields, Smith, Soule,
Spruanee, Stockton, Toucey, and Upiutui—22.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. DAWSON. I now renew the amendment
of the Senator from Tennessee, substituting the
31st day of December in place of the 30th day of
June, so as to make the limitation of time run to
the end of the year.
Mr. RUSK. The only difference that that will
make will be, that if Congress choose to continue
the extra allowance after the 30th of December,
1854, it must be at the end of an interminable de-
bate. If they choose to discontinue it, as the
amendment now stands, they have the power to
do it immediately afterwards, by giving six
months' notice. Ifou make no mail ctmtractany-
where, in which you do not give six months' no- *
tice of a discontinuance. It is nothing but a
matter of strict justice; and so far as the power
of Congress over the subject is concerned, tliey
have the power, as the amendment now stands, to
discontinue the additional allowance by giving'six
months' notice.
Mr. DAWSON, My amendment is to strike
out the proviso as it stands in the amendment
made in Committee of the Whole, and insert the
following:
Pro? ti/ci?, That after the 31st day of December, 1854,
the late of compensation to said line of steamers shall not
exceed $19/250 per tup, unless Congress in the mean time
shall otherwise provide.
It is the amendment offered by the Senator from
Tennessee that has just been voted down, with
the exception that thetimeis extended six months.
Mr. RUSK. I submit whether that is in order ?
The Senate has just refused to strike out the pro-
viso which it is proposed in the amendment to the"
amendment to strike out.
The PRESIDENT. Certainly, it is in order.
It makes a change in the character of the proviso
offered by the Senator from Tennessee, extending
the limitation of time from June 30 to December
31, 1854.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 23jas follows:
Y RAS—Messr*. Adams. Bell, Borland, Brodhead, Cass,
Cha-u1, Dawson, De Scius&ure, Dodge ot Wisconsin, Hun-
ter, King. Mason, Pratt, Sebastian, Underwood, Wade,
Walker, and Weller—18. - .
"\T A.YS—Messrs. Badger, Bright, Cooper, Davis, Fish,
Hale. Hamlin, Houston, Juries, Jones of Iowa, Mangum,
Miller Norris. Penrce, Rusk, Seward, Shields, Smith,
Soule,' Spruanee, Stockton, Toucey, and Upbam—23.
