582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb 17,
progressing with a vengeance ! Not having been
able, on account of the conflict of interests in this
House and elsewhere, to establish a rule of jus-
tice, but only to do partial justice by taking this
case from under the unjust rule, we must now
reverse that partial justice and do universal wrong!
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, (interrupting.)
Does the gentleman think it just that we should
take the gentleman from Oregon, and make him
an exception to the rule, whether just or unjust?
Mr. TOOMBS. I hold that an approximation
to justice, or to a remedy for injustice, is right,
whether it offends me or anybody else. This
brings me to another portion of the remarks of
the gentleman from Indiana. There is a certain
class of economists in this House which I have
observed for the last five or six years, who will
favor any measure coming from whatever source,
by which they can cut oil" wrong or extravagant
expenditures. But there is another class who are
always preaching economy—who are always
ready to apply the rule of economy, and get eco-
nomical upon every case except the one before
the House. They say, Why go over-yonder and
take that case—take any case—any bill except
this one, and I will be with you.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman allow me to
interrupt him? I desire to ask thegentleman from
Georgia, if he did not vote for the Galphin claim ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I did, sir, and I consider voting
for just claims as one of the highest duties of a
statesman, and I shall continue to vote for such
claims as long as I hold a seat upon this floor. I
would scorn that economy which withholds jus-
tice from a public claimant on account of public
clamor.
Mr. FITCH. That is precisely what I am con-
tending for. 1 do not want to make an unjust dis-
crimination against the honorable gentleman from
Oregon, even if the practice is wrong. Let it apply
to all alike.
Mr. TOOMBS. Well, sir, this class of econo-
mists are always ready to cover up their own in-
iquities, their extravagance, and their blunders,
by running down even just claims which the
Government are bound to pay. That is a part of
my experience here. They haveintimidatedsome,
but they have not others, and they never will.
These are the economists who, when they are can-
didates for election, you cannot nam® a resolution
for economy that they will not vote for. But when
they come here, in this House, and any proposi-
tion for retrenchment conies up, then they will say,
this is a small matter; why trouble the House
about such small matters, when there is so much
worthy of prunning by the House ? These are the
economists who always preach economy,but never
vote for a proposition for removing a matter of
abuse, no matter how clear it may be. Now, I take
it that the best place to begin this reform is in this
House. It will arm us with a moral power to re-
duce theaheady increased and constantly increas-
ing expenses of this Government. Put it right here,
and then you v/ill be able to effect retrenchments in
other branches of the Government, without the
fear of the abuses ill this House being brought up
in judgment against you, in the hustings and else-
where. That is the trouble about it.
Now, in relation to this compensation, I am in
favor of holding on to all we have got in the way
of retrenchment, and of gaining all we can. I
believe tins maximum winch has been established
is a just one. It gives this Delegate a compen-
sation which, in my judgment, is doing him bet-
ter justice than is done to a majority of the mem-
bers of this House. 1 am in favor of fixing the
compensation of members upon a just ground. I
believe a majority of gentlemen upon this floor
regard it as too little. I have voted, and am ready
to vote to incease it. But I desire that it shall be
fixed upon just and equitable principles. That is
my principle of economy. I am not for fixing
the lowest salaries; but I believe this question
ought to be fixed permanently by the House. I
wish to increase these eases exceptional to the
general rule, as the means of bringing about gen-
eral justice. You have got one case—keep it!
It is not unjust. It is not unfair. The compen-
sation is enough. Bring down the others within
the rule—one at a time, if you can—all at once, if
you can; but stand by what you have gained, if
you honestly intend to be economical in this
matter.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I regret
that this question was not brought before the
House in its true shape; then we would under-
stand how to vote upon it.
I understand the question before us to be this:
By the organic law of Oregon, passed several
years ago, that Territory became entitled to a Del-
egate upon this floor, who, upon coming here,
was to receive the pay of a member, and for mile-
age £2,500. Under that organic law, a gentle-
man was appointed as Governor of that Territory,
and that gentleman was supposed to know* that
law. I understand that he was the same gentle-
man who now occupies a seat upon this floor as
Delegate from that Territory. It has been'insin-
uated that he did not know of such a law. Now,
that gentleman has acted as Governor of Oregon,
and 1 do not suppose 
Mr. FITCH. 1 did not insinuate that the gen-
tleman from Oregon did not know of such a law.
I said the Delegate to the last Congress from that
Territory [Mr. Thurston] came here under the
same law, and yet received much more than
$2,500; and I intimated that he might have justly
supposed that some law had been adopted subse-
quently making such provision as allowed a greater
compensation than $2,500.
Mr. STEVENS. Ah ! Then he did not know |
what were the laws of his own Territory ! He j
did not know but the organic law had been j
changed ! I cannot presume so much upon the
ignorance of the gentleman who represents that
respectable portion of the country. I have no
doubt that he came here knowing the law of his
Territory, for he was bound to know it. He
came here as a Delegate for $2,500 mileage. Now
when he came here the first of December last, he
was entitled to, and had a vested right to that mile-
age, and the Government had a vested right to his
services for that mileage and his pay. Here were
two vested rights. He was entitled to it; and now
do you want to give him more? Do you want to
give a gratuity to that Delegate? If you do, bring in
a fair bill. Say it is enacted by this Congress that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall make a gratu-
ity to General Lane—I believe that is his name—
of $4,000. For what? Why thegentleman could
not stand as well as Galphin did. For nothing 
no pretence of services rendered.
Mr. FITCH. Will the gentleman allow me a
moment, for it is the only way I can get the ear of
the House ? What service did the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] render this House
or the country, while he was away for several
weeks of the present session, in defending those
who were engaged in a mob which destroyed the
lives of our citizens?
Mr. STEVENS. That is the way such gentle-
men argue! That is the way such statesmen an-
swer arguments! God forbid that I should ever
descend so low as to answer him ! Sir, I am here,
arguing a question of right, and I mean to argue
it as honorably and statesmanlike as I can. I
dare say that is the best the gentlemen can do with
his side of the question, and I leave the House to
judge how admirably he has succeeded. [Laugh-
ter.]
1 was proceeding to say, that you have given
General Lane, in this bill, a gratuity of $4,000,
(I believe it is between $4,000 and $5,000, if I can
calculate it right.) Well, sir, there is no person to
whom I would more cheerfully make a present, if
I were allowed by my duty to bestow the public
money upon those who have not earned it—togive
the public money to those who have rendered no
service for it. I do not know of any one upon
whom it would give me greater pleasure to bestow
four or five thousand dollars of the money which
does not belong to us—for that is what we are
doing—than to General Lane. Let us understand
what we are doing. That gentleman has a vested
right to the $2,500 mileage which the law allows
him, and the Government has a vested right to
his service, and you propose to pay him this
money out of the public Treasury for nothing but
because he is a favorite, and a just favorite, of the
nation. For this, you propose to give him four or
five thousand dollars. And what excuse has his
friends for asking it for him ? Why, that the gen-
tleman from California, although he lives nearer to
the seat of Government, receives more than he
does. I have nothing to say to this. They both"
came here under the existing laws, and they
are fairly entitled to what the laws allow them.
Would you take the five thousand dollars to which
the gentleman from San Francisco [Mr. Mar-
shall] is entitled, because you conceive that it is
more than he earned in coming here? No, sir; it
j is his vested right under the existing laws. But
i just as little can you take honestly—no, I do not
; say honestly, for every man acts honestly—but
! just as consistently can you take two thousand
| five hundred dollars from the mileage of the gen-
tleman from California as you can add that amount
to the mileage of the Delegate from Oregon. You
cannot do either. Each party is entitled to his
rights, and all beyond that is a gratuity. If the
gentleman from California chooses to bestow his
money upon the Government, he can do it; and if
the Government choose to bestow its money upon
General Lane, it can do it, but let it not be done
in the name of justice.
Why the gentlemanfrom Indiana, [Mr. Parker,]
sitting behind, says this was so just a claim, that
he believed if the recipient of it were a Whig, that
his Whig friends would vote for it. It is a poor
compliment to the party of which I understand
him to say he is a member. That, it seems, would
constitute a principal merit in the case. I hope
this insinuation is not just. I hope there are more
honest men here than the gentleman,'speaks of.
When he has associated longer with us, and seen
more of us, he will find out that there are more
honest men in the Whig or Democratic side of the
House than he supposes. I admit, that when we
have a party question before the House, that we
are apt to go to the very verge of our belief to
sustain it. Is this a party question ? Is a man to
receive a gratuity of $4,000 because he belongs to
this side of the House' Who would not be
ashamed of himself, if he estimated his own con-
duct as low as the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Parker] does his > Why, I have seen men upon
all sides of the House, voting indiscriminately
upon this question, some for and some against the
bill; and they voted honestly. Some, I know,
are so good-natftred that they cannot vote against
a claim brought up by a friend; some vote against
it because they think it is wrong; some for one
reason, and some for another. Now, this is my
view of it. I do not look upon this as a party or
personal question at all. And, in the name of
conscience, how can it be sustained by such an
argument as was advanced by the gentleman from
Indiana? [Mr. Parker.] 1 cannot understand
that argument. I suppose it must be above my
comprehension. What the personal character or
conduct of any individual, who goes for or against
this bill, has to do with the naked question, it is
for others to understand, but not for me.
I rose, not to make a speech. I rose merely to
express my views in relation to this bill; and I
have said more than I intended. I will not m ve
to lay this motion to reconsider upon the table;
but I wish somebody else would do it. I wish to
see the matter disposed of.
Mr. STUART. I wish to refer to a few con-
siderations upon this subject, and at the same time
I hope that every gentleman will understand that
I do it with the utmost respect. This subject of
mileage is one which has been talked about, not
only a great deal, but which every gentleman who
has listened to it will say, has been talked about
very earnestly and very sensibly. There are con-
siderations connected with it which will, I appre-
hend, present difficulties to the mind of any man,
and he who thinks that he possesses the abilities
to sit down and provide for this pay of members
of Congress, and has the power to reach the diffi-
culties surrounding the subject of compensation,
has bestowed but little thought upon the subject.
Why, sir, as to the argument which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has just allu-
ded to—and I know not with what propriety to-
wards thegentleman from Indiana [Mr. Parker]—
I will say to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that I intend to recur to it with the utmost good
feeling, and to use it not only as a respectful, but
as a legitimate argument touching the compensa-
tion of members of Congress.
It is known to all, that members of Congress
who live within a convenient distance of this Cap-
itol are in the constant habit of attending to their
own personal business, be it professional, mechan-
ical agricultural, commercial, mercantile, or what
you please. They not only do it, but they do it
to pecuniary advantage. And while I would not
allude to any particular case, and would not cer-
tainly make a remark that would be construed into
