1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1495
that amendment will prevail. If the Senate will
examine the question, I think they will see the
necessity of the appropriation. It seems to me
better that the work sho#d be done now.
Mr. BRADBURY. I have a word to say with
regard to the custom-house at Bath. 1
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend- !
ment is not now under consideration.
Mr. BRADBURY. I merely wish to say that
it is the smallest appropriation, I believe, that has
ever been asked for a custom-house anywhere,
and 1 believe this addition will be all that will be
required.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The nextamend-
ment is:
"For the purchase of a site on which to erect a custom-
house at Bath, Maine, ,*11,000/'
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to say in relation to
that amendment, that I think it is out of place. If,
however, the Senate choose to keep it there, I can
have no objection; but I give notice that I will
offer another amendment of the same sort, provid-
ing for a custom-house at Mobile. I do not wish
to offer it to this bill, because 1 do not think that
either of them have any business there. I hope
the amendment will not be concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next amend-
ment is:
" Foi arreais of contingent expenses (occasioned in pari
by insufficient estimates in preceding year*, arid by a iatger
quantity of blank books and stationery, office cases, and
other furniture made necessary by the late act reducing the
rates of postage, and by the great progressive increase of
business) in the Post Office Depaitment, A'7,500."
Mr. HALE. I hope, that before the question is
taken on that amendment, the Senate will strike
out what is m parentheses. I hate this thing of
putting arguments into laws.
The words proposed to be stricken out are as
follows:
" Occasioned in part by insufliciente^timatesin preceding
years, and t v a laiger quantity of blank book.s and station-
ery, office ca^e«, and other furniture made necessary by the
Jate act reducing the rates of po&tage, and by the great pro-
gressive uicrease of business."
The amendment as proposed to be amended
would then read as follows:
"For arrears of contingent expenses in the Post Office
Department, $7,500."
Mr. HALE. I do not object to the appropri-
ation itself. My proposition to amend leaves the
appropriation just as it is. It does not affect it at
all, but I think there is no necessity for putting
arguments into laws.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
The amendment as amended was then concurred
in.
The next amendment was:
"For compensation to temporary clerks employed con
ditionally to hung up anear& of bur-uitss m the dead letter
office, $1,00*2 67."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment, made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert the following clause:
" For fuel for the General Post Office building, fiom the
20th of February, 1852, to the end of the season, £750."
The amendment was concurred in.
The following amendments, agreed to by the \
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, were sev- |
erally concurred m—the question being taken upon j
each separately: j
" For the payment of the salaries of the special ajrent< of
the Post Office Department, to the end of the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1852, §11,500."
" For payment to the following tubes of Indians of the
undermentioned sums due them, rptamed by the late sub-
Indian agent, William H. Bruce, the same to be reimbursed
to the United States when recovered fiom said sub-agent or
his sureties, viz :
" To Menomonees, $9,460 27.
" To Chippewas, Menonionees, Winnebagoes, and New
Yoik Indians, $501 59.
" To Six Nations of New York, (Stockbndge,) £r22 oO.
"To Stockbudge, $1,800."
  For expenses or treaty with the Mississippi and St. Pe-
ter's Sioux, for the extinguishment of their title to lands m
Minnesota Temtory, being in addition to the appropriation
for the same object, made 30th September, 1850, £4,272 38."
"For expense of treating with the Indians and Half-
breed*. fur the extinguishment of the title to their land* on
the Red liver of the north, m the Territory of Minnesota,
being in addition to the appropriation tor the same object,
made 30th September, 1850, >901 05." _
" For this sum an advance to the Chippewa Indians of
the Mississippi, under the third article ot the treaty of 2d
Auuust, 184*, to be expended in opening farm* for tliuir
benefit, ami extending their fanning facilities, $5,000."
" For fulfilling treaties with the Winnebagoes, viz: pur-
chase of tobacco, per second article of treaty ot 1st August,
1829, and fifth article of treaty of 15th of September, 1832,
$375 "
" For fulfilling treaties with Ottaivas and Chippewas, viz :
purchase of tobacco, per fourth article of treat} of 2Sih
March, 1836, $301)."
<k For fulfilling treaties with the Sacs and Foxe4? of the
Mississippi, viz : puiehavi of tobacco, per fouith atticie of
treaty of the 21st September, 1832, .*200."
"For fulfilling tieaties with the Mcnomonees, viz: pur-
chase of tobacco, per second article of tieaty of3d Septem- |
ber, 1836, $100." 1
The next amendment agreed to, as in Commit- !
tee of the Whole, was to strike out the word 1
" hereafter," and to insert the words "hereafter J
made," in the following clause of the third section I
of the bill: I
"Nor shall the Executive branch of the Government j
[heiealter] recognize any contract hereafter made between |
any tiibc, oi pait of a tribe, and any attorney or agent, for j
the prosecution of any claim against the Government, or '
under tins act." !
The amendment was concurred in. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The amend- ,
ments which follow, consist of several new sec- ,
tions to the bill. The first one is: j
"Sfc 4. Jind be it. Jut thcr enacted, That no estimate or j
appiopnation of monoy, in any bill making appiopnation--. |
shall authonze the payment of.uiy ineiea-ed pay, allowance. 1
, or compensation in any foiin whatever, beyond the amount 1
[ pioeiibcd by law, in any ea->e, unless the.re >lmll fu-U be a
; specific dnei lion foi -.ueh ext:a pajment, designating the j
i officers to whom Mich extra payment >-ha!l be made: iJ/0- 1
! in led, That the Superintendent ot the Nautical Almanac ■
i bo and hereby is allowed a compensation of $3,000 per >
annum."
Mr. HALE. I would like to have a division :
of the question on that amendment, first on the
section, and then on the proviso.
The question was accordingly taken on the i
amendment, (excluding the proviso,) and it was
concurred m.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question ■
now is on striking out the proviso.
Mr. HALE. I have a word or two to say on .
that proviso, and I hope I may have the attention |
of the Senate for a moment. The proviso is this: j
" Provided, That the Superintendent ot the Nautical Al- i
manac be and hereby is allowed a compensation of .v3,UU0 I
per annum."
I will be very brief in what I have to say about 1
that. In 1840, in the appiopnation bill, there was ;
. this clause: !
" For nautical book^, maps, charts, instruments, and all
; other expen-e&of the Hydiographicai (Mice, $58.2(50 : Pio-
'• vided, That a competent officer of the Navy, not below the
grade of a heiu< nanl, be charged wiih the duty ot pieparmg
j the Nautical Almanac for publication, and that the rfecie-
taiy of the Navy, when in his opinion the interest of nav
■ jgation would be piomoted theiehy, cause any nautical
! works that ituw from tune to tunc be published by the bv
■ drogiaphieal office, to be sold at cost, and the proceeds
arming thereliom to he placed in the Tieasuiy of the United
! States."'
There was an appropriation made, as follows,
for the year ending June 30, 1^50:
"Foi calculating, punting, and piibh-hnig tin1 Nautical
1 Almanac, including pay ol the SupeiiutendCiit of'the .same,
In the next appropriation bill of 1S50 there was
! an appropriation for the same purpose of #12,850.
I And in the next year there was appropriated
' $19,400. So that we have already appropriated
' for (lie preparation of the Nautical Almanac
§38,250. And, by the bill which is laid on our
1 table from the House of Representatives, it seems
. there is asked the further sum of $19,400, making
' in all <>57,650 for preparing the Nautical Almanac,
i The resolution which 1 laid on the table the
other day has not yet been answered, but I think
I am not incorrect when I say that all this expense
has been incurred, notat the National Observatory,
but at the observatory of Cambridge College, in
Massachusetts. Now, we have a corps of officers
at the National Observatory for the very purpose
of doing this and similar work. The following is
a list of the officers, with their several salaries:
 ,-3,000
 5'2,000
at £1,500 10/,00
One lieutenant, at 
Euiht lieutenants, at $l,o00 
Seven profes^ois'of mathematics
E)«ftt passed midshipmen, at #750.
6,000
' Making the salaries which we pay at the National
Observatory ^ V
i In addition to that, we have appropriated for
' the purchase and repair of instruments annually
' for the last three years, $10,000; and for maps and
'■ charts, $8,000, making more than §50,000 in all,
j! which we have paid in three years for the support
li of a scientific corps in the National Observatory.
}i And notwithstanding this, the very moment you
li want anything practical done by them, a Nautical
Almanac, or anything of the sort, instead of send-
ing up to your seven professors of mathematics,
and eight lieutenants, you detail another officer;
and instead of using your National Observatory,
where you have spent $10,000 a year for books,
maps, &c., you send to Massachusetts, and get it
done. Now, what is your National Observatory
for? What are your seven professors of mathe-
matics for? Cannot they calculate an eclipse, and
show the position of the heavenly bodies, and
make every calculation which is necessary for a
Nautical Almanac? For Heaven's sake, tell me
what this expense is for—what is all this vast out-
lay in the purchase of books, maps, and charts
for, if the very first moment you have some prac-
tical use for them, you pass them all by, and your
eight lieutenants, your s«ven professors, and your
eight passed midshipmen, and send off to Cam-
bridge to get an eclipse calculated, or a Nautical
Almanac made? I believe it is all wrong, totally
wrong; and when the appropriation for $19,400
comes in the general appropriation bill, I shall
move to strike it out—for I cannot see the pro-
priety of incurring all this expense when you
have a National Observatory furnished at such an
expense, and provided with so many lieutenants,
and professors of mathematics, and have already
incurred ail expense of $10,000 a year, for three
years, for books, maps, &c.
Mr. BADGER. I do not mean to enter into
this discussion. 1 find that the Senator from New
Hampshire has an absolute and unappeasable
hostility to any connection of science with the
Naval Department in any form; and, as I have had
occasion to observe once before, he never fails, in
season and out of season, properly or improperly,
to assail that Department in all its branches, save
one.
Now, as the only question before the Senate is
to strike out that provision which places the Su-
perintendent of the Nautical Almanac on tlie
same footing, as to compensation, with the Super-
intendent of the National Observatory, we had
better wait until we get the large amount of in-
formation which the Senate, at the instance of the
Senator from New Hampshire, has called for, and
which will take some little time to prepare in the
Departments, before we proceed to determine that
this appropriation shall be struck out of the bill.
When the general appropriation bill comes up, if
the gentleman intends to make war on the whole
| system, he can then do so; and if he can convince
; the Senate that it is extravagant and useless, of
; course the Senate will vote it down: but, in the
I mean time, I hope the Senate will not determine to
j put this highly-meritorious and highly-deserving
; officer on a worse footing than the Superintendent
i of the National Observatory.
; Mr. DAVIS. I had supposed this whole mat-
ter to be, by law, entirely under the control of the
' Sect etriry of the Navy. I suppose that, if the ob-
servations are made in the Observatory at Cam-
bridge, there is a good reason why it is done. The
Observatory there is supplied with a great number
of instruments, many of which are of a very su-
perior chaiacter; and although I am not suffi-
ciently acquainted with this subject to state posi-
tiiely that such is the case, I will assume that there
|| exists a necessity for going there, provided that
! the operations are carried on at that place.
I What is the object of making a Nautical Alma-
ji nac? It is to he a work put m competition with
j other works of this description which are pub-
j; lished by other Governments. Itis to bea work
I purely scientific in its character, and is to recom-
!| mend itself, if of any use at all, by its great ac-
!l curacy with matters of very delicate and careful
J inquiry. In the first place, if the gentleman who
has the supenntendence of it is competent to
discharge the service, the salary of $3,000 a year
is not by any means excessive for the performance
of that service—not by any means. It requires
i no ordinary degree of talent and learning to per-
il form that duty." I assume, in the vote I give here,
' that he is competent for the task, or he would
;i not be employed on it. I believe that most of the
I gentlemen who have spoken on this subject are
! of that opinion; and I, at least, am not willing to
j consider him otherwise until some evidence is
,i shown to prove it.
i 1 confess Shat the work has cost more than I
i anticipated when we entered on it, hut its useful-
; ness renders it a subject of high importance; no
II one knows better than the Senator from New Jer-
