584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 17,
examine the premises as stated by the gentleman,
I would ask'liim tins question. I will put this
proposition to the House, whether it is not a fun-
aamental principle of justice, that matters of this
kind shall be controlled by general and not by
soecial law—whether it is not more important to
justice in the abstract, as a question of right, that
these things should be established by general
laws than by special ones? When you come to
the abstract justice and right of the case, I insist
that the gentleman's premises in this respect are
wrong; and! ask him, by what process of reasoning
he arrives at the conclusion that §£,500 is a fairer
compensation for traveling expenses from Oregon
to the city of Washington and back again, than
§5,000 ? I ask him, by what rule he measures the
value of time, the expenses and the danger of that
travel which enables him'to determine §2,500 as
ajuster compensation than twice that amount r if
hts premises be true, and if these things are to be
controlled by arbitrary special law, why the gen-
tleman from Georgia might be entitled to ireeive
twice as much as myself". And why: Because
his services might be worth twice as much as mine.
And why? Because he may be twice as intellect-
ual as i am. He may he twice as illustrious; and
if he acts upon the absolute value of services, you
may establish a different rule for every man in the
House. A special law might be passed fixing the
compensation of every man in this House. Are
the members of the House prepared to abide by
such a rule as this? And now take $2,500, as"a
just compensation for traveling from Oregon to
this country. I ask the honorable gentleman if
he would hi willing to travel there for it ? 1 say,
sir, humble as I am, and humble as I value my
own services, if I had no motive of my own, no
desire for pleasure, I would not he willing to
take that trip for $2,500, and 1 presume the gen-
tleman woald not himself. What were the tacts
of the case in reference to the predecessor of the
gentleman who now occupies the position of
Delegate from Oregon? He told us, I believe,
that it cost him $1,200 to come fiom Oregon here
for 11is actual expenses. J'y an accident to winch
every one who travels upon that dangerous route
is liable, he lost #1,200—that made $2,400 his ac- j
tuaf expenses. And in going back he took the '
Isthmus route, contracted a fever, and lost his life, I
That, is one of the contingencies; and now f think j
the honorable gentleman from Georgia will admit, I
that in placing §2,500 as a fair estimate for trav- j
eling from California here and back again, he has i
taken an arbitrary estimate. I sho'uld like to i
know upon what principle he bases it—whether j
he bases it upon the compensation which he would !
give to ama.i in a particular station in life' The
lowest station would be willing io travel for half
that amount, pnnided it would pay his expenses,
and leave him month beyond-.or whether he
placed it upon the compensation which he himself
would charge—a gentleman whose sen ice at home
is worth double or treble this money ? 1 think there
is something arbitrary in his mode of getting at
this estimate of yj,500 as a fair compensation?
Af r. FOOM InS. If the gentlemen will allow nte
a moment, J would put the services of every mem-
ber of the House upon an equal footing, after de-
ducting the traveling expenses. My rale is, that
one member is not worth more tl'inn any other
member, no matter what Ins qualifications may be
in the House.
Mr. STANTON. 1 do not pretend to say that
it is just, bur I do not deem that it is less unjustm
the of California members than it is In the
ease of the gentleman from Oregon. I say that it
operates uiifijuully; and I am ready and Millhn: to
go with the gentleman from Gc-or^a* l<> f >jiializ-? it,
but at the wnme time f do nor admit thepmmneb
upon which he ha,s ? his nnleiiiation: and so ions;
as the law exists tis it does lor the gwat ninss of
members, we might to proceed l;y general l;t\vs,
<mrt not make special ones to the injury of particu-
lar mdmd\uilK upon the floor, i say that is u
/rreater^departuro from jn.stioe, upon every piiii-
r.1/ 1 ri!rlit-,iu^ *aw ,l* settled in mosi'of the
. tate.< ot :ne Tjmon, which have in their constitu-
tions, I oehc-ve, provided iluit all ihe laws shall ,
noge.o'r.il than any inequality which exists un- :
der the operation of the present la^v. Before I m
oown 1 must he permitted to gay, that 1 listened
v/ito great urn-rest and ^eat pleasure to the re- ■
marks of the irr mh-mnn from South Carolina [Mr
WooMMRn,] the other day, in reference to the
compensation of members of theHouse. I have :j No, sir. Was he limited to the operation of the
never given a vote upon .this floor by tellers, or in ;. organic law ? No, sir. This House, in view of
any other mode, that [ have not given likewise upon [, its justice, passed a bill, imbodying it inthegen-
the yeas and nays; and I am ready to vote now, or ; eral appropriation bill, by which they said he
at any time, for a bill fixing the compensation of;! should receive §3,400. Now, are you going to
members of Congress at so reasonable a rate that ;s make an exception of the present Delegate from
there will be no complaint from any quarter. But | Oregon, and draw a distinction between him and
the Delegate who preceded him? Is this House
ready to say that Mr. Thurston, for his service and
labor, shall receive $3,400 mileage, and that the
present Delegate from Oregon is only entitled to
$2,500? Is it applicable to the present Delegate?
No; but the favoritism has been showered upon the
Delegate who preceded him. There is one case
until that is done—until you establish something
like general justice, I am disposed to proceed ac-
cording to the general law which fixes the com-
pensation of all the members; for I suppose it
will not be contended that the compensation of a
Delegate ought to be different from the compensa-
tion of any other member oftlie House. I appre-
hend that the gentleman from Georgia himself |! of injustice. If the gentleman from Georgia wants
would revolt against a proposition that would put i i a case of injustice, that injustice is in this, that you
a limitation upon the mileage of one of the mem
bers of Congress, elected from one of the States
that did not apply to all of the other members.
Mr. POLK. Thegentleman from Pennsylvania
f [Mr. Stevens] seemed to imply that some im-
l portance had been given to this question from the
< fact that the Delegate from Oregon was a Demo-
crat. I repudiate any such accusation. I vote
for it upon the broad ground of justice; and even
if I should vote for it upon ihe ground of favor-
itism, there is no gentleman who deserves it more
than the Delegate from Oregon, [Mr. Lane.] We
pay a Delegate preceding General Lane $3,400,
while you refuse to pay him the same amount.
Is there no injustice in that? If there is justice
there, I will bow to the gentleman and acknowl-
edge it. I only wish to make my opposition
known upon this question. I vote for it, because
it is right. 1 only wish to explain why I shall
vote for it. If it is the purpose of the House to
cut down the mileage of the Delegate from Or-
egon to the actual expenditure incurred, I am wil-
ling to do it, provided they permit the principle to
diffuse itself and apply to ail others. If they say
will take the history of the territorial government jj I shall receive only theactua! expenseof tiaveling
of Oregon. We will take it from the hour of the
appointment of General Lank as Governor, and
trace it to thepresent hour, and lie has done more
to relieve that Territory than all the other appli-
ances ofGovernmentthnthavebeenextended to it.
General Lane was appointed Governor of Oregon.
He went to Fort Leavenworth, where there was
to be a company to escort him to the wilds of Ore-
gon. As the captain was not ready. General Lane,
with his usual promptitude and energy, took twen-
ty men and passed through the wilds. When he
came to the Fremont Pass, his guide left him and
he would wait for no other. His own instinct
led him; and he passed into Oregon, visited sixty
tribes of Indians, made peace with them, and re-
ceived no compensation for it. When, in times
past, Governors have received compensation, both
m the way of their salaries and for arranging In-
dian treaties, he has never demanded anything
from the Government for such services. He lias
labored there and has redeemed that Territory.
He stands here to-day as its Delegate,and yet the
representatives of a free people—men who profess
to entertain high-toned feelings and sentiments—
men who say their honor lives and dashes through
their veins—have been found here readv to count
the dollars andcents upon him. Shameful! The
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] argues
this point upon the ground of adequacy. He asks,
is it inadequate—is the pay sufficient? • Why, I
take the ground that it is insufficient. I will take,
by way of illustration, the case of the gentleman
hansel?, and apply it to the Delegate from Oiegon.
1 will bring it home to tho gentleman. He comes
to Washington upon an air-hne railroad at forty
cents a mile; while the gentleman from Oregon
passes through a wilderness, depending alone upon
his rifle for subsistence, and he is to be paid ten
cents a mile. He js to be cut down. If the c-en-
tleman from Geoigia [Mr. Toombs] intends to
make the point of inadequacy, as to the actual ex-
pense which is incurred in bringing him to Wash-
ington. I ask him if he cannot go from his own
home to Washington for $30? 1 came here for
$50, and I have received >900. The gentleman
: from Georgia [Mr. Toombs] comes here for §30,
and receives over $600. If ihis rule is to operate
generously, if K is to operate iaulv, 1 ask him to
c.omo up fiiat and make a ^acnf ce of himself be-
fore lit; oflers up the Delegate from Oregon as a
sacrifice. Let the principb be carried out; apply
it to yonrselt: do not hus: your ?>weet $600 to' your
bosom. 1 am willing to to-day to vote for a bill
to Mpiare this mileage down to the actual expense.
I am umviliuig t,o tok? this one isolated case
to nif-ke a sacrifice. The gentleman from Georgia
may do n. ' scorn to do it. ' In ihe history of
tiiih case there is another point which strikes'me.
What ha i been the anion of Concrrrss with re-
gard to this question." When tiie Oregon ter-
from my residence to the Capitol, and let each
member go to the Sergeant-at-Arms and make a
statement under oath as to his actual expenses,
and let that be his mileage, I am willing it should
be so. 1 am unwilling that we should take the
mileage we do ourselves, and fall upon one poor
Delegate and tear him to pieces.
Mr. ORR. I had not intended to have partici-
pated in the debate; but as some consequence has
been attached to it by the length of time in which
ii the House has been engaged upon it, 1 feel it due
1 to myself to state the reasons why I have voted
; continuously for this bill from the beginning, and
! against all the rfiotions made to send it to the Com-
; mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, or
j to recommit it. I do not pretend to argue as to
; the justice or injustice of the present system by
: which members of Congress are paid acompensa-
; tion. I do not think the present system of mile-
; age is correct. The reason why i vote for this
! particular bill is, that I am in favor of meting out
! to the Delegate from Oregon the same justice ex-
| actly that is meted out to other members, whether
j it be just or unjust. I want him to be squared by
I the same rule by which other members are squared.
| I think, though, that this whole debate has origin-
ated in a misapprehension and misconstruction of
the law-which was passed the 20th of September,
1850, by the Committee on Mileage. I think, if
the proper construction had been given to that
law, this debate would not have originated, and
this bill would not have been introduced into the
House. The act passed upon the 20th of Sep-
tember, to provide for deficiency in the appropria-
tion for the pay of the mileage of members of the
House, has a proviso attached to it, which reads:
Provided, That the mileage of Senators and Represent-
atives from California, and the Delegate from Oregon, be
computed according to the most usually traveled route
within the limits of tiie United States, and the per diem of
said Sertatois and Representatives for this session shall com-
mence from the day on which the constitution of Catifoi-.
ilia,"' &e.
The restriction in the latter part of the proviso,
which speaks of this session, evidently conveys to
the mind the impression that the first part of the
proviso was intended to be a general law: and I
think I can appeal to such members of this House
! as were members of the last, that it was the iu-
; lention ot C nngres.s m pas&mg the law, thai there
> should be a fixed and permanent mode adopted for
ascertaining the mileage to the California and Ore-
gon members.
Mr. FITCH, (interrupting.) The gentleman
: from South Carolina has referred to the provision
, in the deficiency bill of the first session of the
! last Congress, as one designed to operate pro-
■ spectively. I do not recollect, of course, what
, was the intention, if there was any expressed;
but [ know that the same provision was before
| the Committee on Mileage during the second sex-
' That committee, with
ritori.il bill was passed, there was a feature m it j! sion of the last Congress'.
limiting the mileage ' jri * "
action <
of that vvno was tnelormer JJelegnle from |; expired with the fiscal year that gave birth to the
Oregon. .Jr. Thurston. Old he receive $2,500?'j bill. For the purpose of testing- the question.
lrmtmg the mileage to *W,,r>00. What was the  : scarcely a dissenting voice, decided that thp pro-
£ .T-Vk;u ■"'wf ,ram«',ilt?'y aUe1i; Pa's?a£?e i! vision was one temporary in its effect, which had
)t tu*tb h)!l - Who was the former Delegnle from ; ex„ired with the fiscal vear that.
