mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£
\ugust, 26,
spoke upon the amendmentadmitted that a wrong
was perpetrated upon the Indians, and that they
ought to be compensated for it. Although they
struck out the House amendment, they admitted
the justice of the claim by inserting in lieu of it a
provision appropriating $25,000 for the temporary
removal of the Indians from the country they now
occupy. This "was not a gratuity, but a part of
what the Senate thought to be due them as the dif-
ference between the price paid and the price due
for their land. We are under no obligation, by
treaty or otherwise, except as humanity may dic-
tate, to give them one cent to defray the expenses
of their removal; but, on the contrary, they are,
by trealty, to remove themselves at their own ex-
pense. Yet the Senate inserted that provision of
$25,000 for that purpose, and thereby they recog-
nized the justice of this claim.
Let me call the attention of the committee to the
arguments adduced against this House amend-
ment. I shall not be deterred from urging what I
believe and ascertain to be true, because of any
clamor which may be created against it by side-
issues. A clamor was raised against this claim,
and several reasons urged against if in the Senate,
most of which have been refuted by the action of
the body to which they were presented. One
reason was, that a portion of the money might be
paid to an attorney, who had been prosecuting the
claim before the Department. Even if so, it does
not invalidate the claim. The chairman of the
Committee on Finance of the Senate [Mr. Hun-
ter] said frankly—and he is a frank and open-
hearted man upon all occasions—that there was
no attempt to conceal the attorney's interest; that
the papers were all fair and honorable, and no
undue influence used with the Indians. The
papers were all made out with the knowledge of
the Department and sanctioned by it. They were
made out to enable the attorney to prosecute the
claim before the Department. He did not bring
the claim here; he has nothing to do with its pre-
sentation here. It was sent here by the Depart-
ment, and that iact alone, if a further provision in
tins bill did not do it, if a provision in the defi-
ciency bill did not do it, would have estopped him
from receiving his fees, unless after the money
came into the hands of the Indians they chose to
pay him. I candidly acknowledge that I believe
they would pay him a reasonable fee, for they are
an honest people,—I am sorry to say, more honest
than some of those who are thought to be, and
ought to be, their guardians. Now, grant that
the attorney was to receive a part of this money,
what of that? We must all admit—the Senate
has admitted by its $25,000 amendment—we have
admitted by our votes, that unless it had been for
the presentation of this claim, a wrong would have
been perpetrated upon the Indians by the Govern-
ment. We may thank the attorney, then, for
bringing the subject to the notice of the Govern-
ment, for if it had not been for his charge of the
matter, the Department would have permitted the
matter to rest where it was, and we should have
remained ignorant or carelessof the wrong we had
perpetrated. We will not listen to the Indians
in person, no matter how strong their appeals, or
how just their claim, and thus compel them to
employ an attorney; then make his employment
the ground for refusing them justice.
But this objection of the attorney's interest is
done away with, as I have already said, by a pro-
vision in the deficiency bill. And further, the
provisions of this bill, the provisions in the very
atnendment as it was adopted by the House, would
prevent payment to the attorney, as to any man
or men other than to whom the President thought
was just and proper. Yet certain representatives,
I will not say at which end of the Capitol, ansume
that they are better guardians of the Indians,
better know their wants and understand their in-
terests than that officer who, by our laws, is made
their chief guardian, and who can readily com-
mand all the information desirable in our inter-
course with them. The amendment, as it was
adopted in the House, expressly provides that the 1
money shall be paid under the direction of the
President only m such sums and at such times as
he thinks the interests and wants of the Indians
might require. Here, then, was sufficient protec-
tion for the Indians, all that can be asked or
desired for them. He supervises the report of
very bureau. Finding that a provision of law
was left to be executed specially by himself, he
would of course see that it was justly executed,
and would not permit wrong to be done the In-
dians. He would be far less liable to do them
injustice than we are, because having access to
all the information in relation to them, he would
take care to inform himself of their wants and
interests. That we do not know.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
one source of clamor against this amendment. It
was gravely announced to the Senate—and I de-
sire the attention of the whole committee to this
matter, as the character of one of its members is
involved—that a certain member of the legislative
department of the Government, who had once
held a high office in Wisconsin, was interested in
this claim. If this was true, it would have in-
validated the claim, and doomed to political infamy
the member thus accused. The Senate—and I
speak in no ill feeling toward that body, for I have
a high respect for its members individually, and
for most of its action—have permitted what I am
confident this House would never permit, if any
Representative chose to rise in his seat and arraign
the integrity of a member of the Senate. Every
man would at once spring to his feet and de-
mand the name of the individual. Every member
would say that stigma should not rest upon the
character of the Senators from his State. The
Senate did not do this. The integrity and honor
of a member of the House was permitted to be
questioned, and no one man arose and asked, who
is hef—leaving the imputation to go abroad resting
upon the character of every and any one who has
happened to hold office in Wisconsin or Iowa, for
these two States were once one Territory. It is
true that Senators understood theallusion. They
understood that one of the Representatives from
Wisconsin was meant. Well, grant that. Who
knew it out of the Senate? Let that go forth, and
the next question is, which one of these members
was meant? It was the duty of the individual
making the charge to designate the member. It
was riot done. We are left, then, to ascertain
from previous circumstances at whom the charge
was pointed. These circumstances happen to be
easily ascertainable. It is known that the Hon.
Mr. Doty, of this House, was the member al-
luded to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know my friend will ap-
preciate my motives, when I call the attention of
the Chair to the rule which prevents members of
either House from commenting upon the speeches
made in the other House.
Mr. PITCH. When the honor and integrity
of a member of this House are commented upon
and questioned at the other end of the Capitol, no
point of order shall prevent my answering it, at
least so far as it is connected with any legislative
measure, coming from a committee of which I am
a member, and which measure such comments
have prejudiced. I speak of it, not only in jus-
tice to the House and the members from Wis-
consin, but in defense of the House amendment
under discussion. Now, with the permission of
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] I
ask the Clerk to read certain letters upon this sub-
ject, one from the gentleman from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Doty,] who I perceive is not in his seat—
and who if he were would repeat upon the floor
the substance of his letter.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remark,
in reply to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Alabama, that it is a well-settled principle of par-
liamentary law, that it is not to be permitted to
the members of one branch of a Legislature to
allude even to the doings of the other branch of
the Legislature, until officially communicated to
it. The reason why the law was established, was
that it should be observed for the better promotion
of harmony between the two branches of the
Legislature. But, at the same time, the Chair
knows of no rule which would interdict or pro-
hibit a member of one branch from replying to
remarks made in the other branch, having special
reference to the conduct and action of members of
the body to which he belongs. On the contrary,
every principle of natural law and justice accords
such a right; and, in the opinion of the Chair, the
remarks of the gentleman from Indiana are there-
fore in order.
Mr. FITCH. I must again repeat that I make
these remarks with no ill feeling towards any
member, and with no wish or intention to inter-
fere in any difficulty with any of its members
which does not relate to myself personally, or to
express any opinion relative to such. I do it sim-
ply to obviate an injurious effect which the charge
or assertion has, and otherwise might continue to
exercise upon a legislative measure recommended
by the Indian Bureau, and coming .from the In-
dian Committee, of which I am a member. The
Clerk will read the letters-
Washington, July '29} 1852.
Dear Sir: While the item in the Indian appropriation
bill proposing the allowance of a sum o.'' money to the Me-
nomonee Indians was under consideiation in the Senate,
to-day, it was stated in debate, by Mr. Walker, of Wis-
consin, that in addition to what was to be paid inc, as their
attorney, a member of the legislative department of the
Government was also to receive the sum of $30,000 of the
amount allowed them. lie stated, also, that the member
to whom he referred had once held a responsible office in
Wisconsin, and that his object in securing this payment to
these Indians was not only to obtain the sum referred to,
but to gratify his hatred of Colonel Medill, because that
gentleman had charged him, in a speech made some years
ago in the House of Representatives, with high cumes and
misdemeanors, and to which he had yet made no reply.
I was employed by these Indians in the summer of 1850.
The power of attorney under which I have since acted was
executed in the office and in the presence of the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and its acknowledgment bears his
attestation. I was then, have been ever since, and yet am,
their sole attorney. Nobody else has ever had authority,
since then, to act for them m the prosecution of tins busi-
ness; and nobody olse has undertaken to exercise such
authority. They came tome without any solicitation what-
soever upon my part, to seek piotection against the sub-
Indian agent who icsided amongst them, and in whom they
had no confidence, and spoke to me so fully and freely in
reference to their business, that I am satisfied they would
not have concealed the fact from me if they had employed
any other person, or had wished to do so. 1 have not, since
then, heard of any such employment, nor do I believe that
any such was ever made, or that it could have been made
without my knowledge.
I was a mem ber of the House of Representatives at the time
the speech referred to was made by Colonel Medill, and rec-
ollect that it had direct i eference to yourself, you being then
Governor of Wisconsin Territory. I presume, therefore, that
Mr. Walker referred to you. As I have never heard be-
fore of your having any such personal interest in the money
to be paid these Indians, as was charged by him, \ will be
obliged to you to state whether or no you have, either di-
rectly or indirectly, any agreement or understanding with
them to that effect? I need not inquiie of you, whether
you are to receive any portion of what they have agreed to
allow me, for you very well know that not a single word in
reference to any such tiling ever passed between us.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant., II. W, THOMPSON.
Hon. J. Duane Doty, House of Representatives.
Washington, July 29,1852.
Dear Sir : This evening I have received your note m
relation to remarks made to-day in the Senate by Is'a a c P.
Walker, and Which you suppose were intended by him to
apply to myself. I have no doubt they were so intended;
and therefore, after thanking you for your statement, beg
leave to say in reply that his asseition "that I am to receive
$30,000 of the sum allowed by the amendment to the Mc-
nomonee Indians, is grossly and unquali fiedly lalse, whether
made by the Senator or by anybody else.
I should indeed be very sorry if this or any other fabulous
statement by him, influenced the Senate in its decision
upon the merits of this demand by the Indians for justice.
I cannot believe it had, or the name of the "member of the
legislative department" would have been demanded by some
Senator present.
Mr. Walker is equally unfortunate in his reference to the
attack—also equally unfounded with his own—made upon
me in 1841 or '42, by Mr. Medill. I replied fully and dis-
tinctly to his statements by a letter, a copy of which was
sent to the Speaker of the House, and also published in the
newspapers m Wisconsin. I have since then supposed he
was satisfied he was mistaken; but with the reference
lately made to him in the House I had nothing to do, nor
do I think Mr, W. has anything to do with my former differ-
ence with Mr. Medill.
The charge made by Mr. Walker would be unworthy of
notice but lor the place where it was uttered, and the effect
it may possibly have upon the claim of a helpless people,
now suing for justice. You are authorized, therefore, in
any manner you may think best, to save them from the
effects of this false and malignant charge, to use this letter
or to make my denial public. It is very certain that no
man worthy to be a Senator could have fabricated such a
charge, or employed it for so base a purpose.
I remain, very respectfully and truly, yours,
JAMES DUANE DOTY.
R. W. Thompson, Esq.
Mr. FITCH. The letters would have been sent
to the Senate to be read, but it was too late to rem-
edy the wrong to the Menomonees inflicted by the
charge to which they relate. The amendment of
the House was defeated in the Senate mainly upon
this side issue. For one, I am not disposed to
see this done. If the Senate will meet it openly,
and defeat it on the ground of want of merits, I
am content. But if an unsustained side issue is
got up, and on that issue, any action of the House
in which I have aided is subverted here, or at the
other end of the Capitol, I certainly shall not rest
quietly under the decision.
The attorneyship I have already alluded to, and
1 hope I have answered that objection. No white
