2362
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 2f>,
to the points where that law improperly conflicts.
I do not know that it is necessary to read the
letter just ^Iluded to by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, but I will state that
1 have the letter before me, and that it may be ex-
amined by any member who desires. It is ad-
dressed to the chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, in answer to a call made by myself
in behalf of our Committee on the Indian Bureau,
in relation to the effect of that section upon the
Indian policy of the country. The letter is a most
complete refutation of the wisdom and policy of
adopting that section. I shall therefore protest
against any such thing as retaining that section;
and I hope that when this amendment comes reg-
ularly before the committee, the recommendation
of the Committee of Ways and Means will not
have so much force as to induce the House to
adopt it, inasmuch as they themselves were not
in ppssession of the facts which I now have, and
which, at the time they were compelled to act, I
did not have myself to lay before them. That in-
formation is satisfactory, and, with these remarks,
I submit the question.
Mr. ORR. We are likely to be pretty hard
pressed for time. We have heard the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, and the
chairman of the Committee oil Indian Affairs on
the subject of the amendments to this bill. I will
therefore move that the committee rise, and that
we go into the House with a view of terminating
debate upon these amendments. Debate can then
be continued under the five minutes rule, as usual
in committee, sufficient to enable gentlemen to un-
derstand the several amendments. I move that
the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed'the chair, the chairman (Mr. Dis-
ney) reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of theUnion had,according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the Senate amendments to House bill No.
43, making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian Department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending June 30th, 1853,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon House hill No. 43shall cease
in five minutes alter the eonnmttoe shall next have resumed
its consideration, and if the committee shall not sooner
come to a conclusion thereon, it shall proceed to vote upon
 ucb amendments as may he pending, or may be offered to
the bill, and shall report the same to the House with such
amendments «s shall have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. MOLONY. I have two bills which have
been on my hands for the last six months. I ask
the unanimous consent of the House to report them
back from the Committee on Pensions, merely for
the purpose of having them referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, to take their places on the
Private Calendar.
There was no objection; and
Mr. MOLONY, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported back the following bills, which
were referred to a Committee of the Whole, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and ordered
to be printed, viz:
House bill No. 317, for the relief of Nathan H.
Darling; and
House bill No. 318, for the relief of Gilman
Smith, of Sycamore, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. ORR. ( move the previous question upon
the passage of the resolution closing debate upon
the Indian appropriation bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then put, and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON. Imovetoreconsiderthevote
just taken by which the resolution was adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The rules were suspended and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the stateof theUnion,
(Mr. King, of New York, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the Senate amend-
ments to the Indian appropriation bill.
The first Senate amendment was then reported
by the Clerk, as follows:
"At the end of the clause providing for the interest on the
amounts awarded the Choctaw claimants under the treaty
of Dancing Rabbit Creek, insert the following:
" Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he
hereby is, authorized to examine the reservation claims of
the Choetaws, Known as 'Bay Indians;' and of those
Choctawsin whose eases the scrip awarded by the late Board
of Commissioners has not been issued, and where he shall
find that such Indians are clearly entitled to land under the
fourteenth article of the treaty of 1830, and under the sev-
eral acts heretofore passed in relation to such claims, he is
hereby authorized to extend to such claimants the provis-
ions applicable to such claims in the acts of the 23d of Au-
gust, 1842, and the 3d of March, 1845."
" For supplying a deficiency in the appropriation hereto-
fore made for removing the Choctaw Indians from Missis-
sippi, as estimated by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
$37,412."
Mr. DUNHAM addressed the committee in ex-
planation and in favor of the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the reading of the
whole amendment.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The first branch of the
amendment only is now under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. It is all one amendment,
and unless a division is asked, a vote will be taken
upon the whole amendment as it has been read.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, I ask for a
separate vote upon each branch of the amendment,
the first division to end with the words " 3d of
March, 1845."
I concur, Mr. Chairman, with the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Houston] substantially as to the facts in
regard to this case. These Indians were a portion
of the Choctaw tribe, all of whom had the right
to remain upon their homestead, provided they
chose to do so, and signified their intention to do
so within the time specified in the treaty. This
tribe of Indians are known as the "Bay Indians."
The sixty-seven provided for in this bill were
as much entitled to their lands as others, but they
had no opportunity of making their rights known
to the commission appointed by the Government
until that commission had adjourned. They now
come forward and simply ask this Congress to do
that which would have been done for them, pro-
vided they had made their claims known before
the commissioners appointed to adjudicate them.
The amendment of the Senate asks that this mat-
ter may be adjudicated by the Secretary of the
Interior. The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means said, this morning, that if this
thing was to be done at all, it was better to have
another commission. I am opposed to another
commission for two or three reasons. First, that
it is not at -all necessary for the purpose of adju-
dicating some sixty or seventy claims. Second,
it would involve the necessity of appointing three
or four officers, involve an expenditure entirely
unnecessary, and involve a large amount of liti-
gation, and probably the bringing of these parties
together, at great cost to them, all of which is
wholly unnecessary. The testimony has all been
taken, and is now in the Department of the Inte-
rior; and these claimants are perfectly willing to
risk their claims before the present Secretary of
that Department. That they are entitled to the
lands under the treaty there is no sort of question.
The Committee of Ways and Means of the House
of Representatives, I understand, have reported
against these claims, and for the reasons pointed
out by the honorable chairman this morning—
that they ought to have made their claim known
at an earlier day.
Why, Mr. Chairman, need I tell gentlemen
who know anything of the Indian character how
little they can appreciate your manner of legisla-
tion ? They came forward at an early day, and
filed their claims.
They were passed against by the Government
commission upon a technical objection. They
went to obtain testimony to destroy the force of
that objection, but could not get it before the com-
mission until within two days of its dissolution;
and then the commissioners reported to the Pres-
ident that they had not time to adjudicate these
claims, and in this condition they were left.
They now appeal to Congress—to do what ? To
allow the Secretary of the Interior to adjudicate
their claims in the same manner that the commis-
sioners would have done, if they had set a few
days longer. That is all they ask. Now, can
there be any sort of objection to that in any quar-
ter? If they were not entitled to this land under
the treaty, the Secretary of the Interior will de-
cide against them. If they have a title to it, you
will not upon a mere technicality take it from
them.
Recollect, sir, that these claimants had nothing
to do with the passage of your law appointing a
commission to examine theirclaims. You passed
it without consulting these parties, and affixed to
it your own limitation.
I trust that the recommendation of the commit-
tee will not be agreed to, but that the amendment
of the Senate will be concurred in. You cannot
in honor take advantage of your own legislation
to deprive a handful of miserable savages of their
rights, under a treaty made and executed in good
faith on their part.
The question was then taken upon concurring
with the first branch of the Senate amendment,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
The second branch of the amendment was then
read, as follows:
" For supplying a deficiency m the appropriations here-
tofore made for removing the Choctaw Indians, as esti-
mated by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, $37,412."
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move to strike out
$37,412, and insert #1.
During the last session of Congress, Mr. Chair-
man, I was a member of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. This subject was before that com-
mittee at that time, and I bestowed upon it some
investigation. I have been unable here to procure
the papers that were then submitted to that com-
mittee; and I may not speak with perfect accuracy
as to dates and amounts, but I think I remember
sufficiently well the details, to satisfy this com-
mittee that the claim of $37,412 is an unjust one,
and ought not to be paid by the Government. In
the year 1844, a contract was entered into, be-
tween the Secretary of War upon the one part,
and Messrs. Anderson & Forrester and others
upon the other part, by which the parties of the
second part contracted to remove the Choctaw
Indians, at this sum of $26 71j per head. In this
contract, which is one drawn with great care and
circumspection by the then Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, the Hon. Thomas Hartley Craw-
ford, provision is made by which this Government
is clearly and fairly indemnified from any loss
which may be sustained, by parties who entered
into contract with it. In view of the difficulties
which surrounded the removal of the Choctaw In-
dians, these parties entered into certain stipulations
with the Government; allow me to read one of
them to the committee:
"And the said parties upon the second part engage and
covenant, to act with the greatest energy and industry, and
to use all proper persuasion and means to induce the said
Indians to remove within the shortest practicable period."
But I call the attention of the committee par-
ticularly to the next clause:
" Jlnd that in no event shall the United States hereafter
be subject to any claim for damages, or compensation for
loss or injury that may arise, or be alleged to arise, out of
this contract, under any circumstances whatever, either
from the delay or refusal, in whole or in fart, of the said
Ohoctaw Indians to remove west, orfrom any other cause or
reason whatever."
Mr. DIMMICK. Does my colleague mean to
convey the idea that, by the clause in the contracts
just read, the Government is discharged from all
claims to damages occasioned by her own fault, or
the neglect to perform her duty ?
With the gentleman's permission, I will state
my understanding of the case to be this: that these
Indians were to receive one half of the sfrip before
they started west, and the other half upon their
arrival there, and that the United States Govern-
ment failed to furnish the scrip it was bound to
by the act of 1842.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I will respond to my
colleague with pleasure. I have no doubt that one
of the most cogent reasons to induce these parties
to enter into the contract with the Government was
the prospect of procuring from the Indians their
certificates of land scrip. The Government sub-
sequently to the date of the contract, enacted a
law to protect the Indians from the frauds which
were constantly being practiced upon them; but,
sir, notwithstanding these parties failed to get all
of the certificates from the Indians which might
have been obtained, yet it is perfectly manifest
