586
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
IN SENATE.
Wednksdat, February 18, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
A message from the President of the United
States was received by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting to Congress a letter ad-
dressed to the Secretary of State by the Commis-
sioner of the United States under the convention
with Brazil, setting forth the obstacles which
have impeded the conclusion of the business of
that commission; which was read, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PETITIONS.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial of J. H.
Kikendall, an assistant marshal for taking the
Seventh Census in Ohio, praying additional com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of in-
habitants of St. Lawrence county, New York,
praying the construction of ship canals around
the Falls of Niagara, and Sault Ste. Marie; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented the petition of Joseph Clem-
ent, Charles L. Mass, and William It. Caton,
praying remuneration for being deprived, under
an Indian treaty, of certain land upon which
they were digging gold; which was referred to
the Committee of Claims.
Also, a petition of citizens of New York, pray-
ing that a pension may be allowed Daniel Doland,
for injuries received m the late war with Mexico;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DOWNS presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Louisiana in favor of a donation
of the military reserve at Fort Jesup to the State,
for the purpose of establishing a seminary of learn-
ing thereon; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be |
printed. !
Mr. CLEMENS presented a memorial of the I
Legislature of Alabama, asking an appropriation '
of land to establish a lunatic asylum, and for the
education of the blind and the deaf and dumb;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Alaba-
ma, asking a grant of land to equalize the value
of the sixteenth sections in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Alaba-
ma, asking an extension of the time for making
selections of school lands; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of Alaba-
ma, asking a graduation of the price of the public
lands in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of Henry
Grinnell, praying the Government to accept the
vessels which were purchased and prepared by
him and sent in search of Sir John Franklin and ;
his companions, to be used with others in a new
expedition for the same purpose, which he prays
may be fitted out the ensuing spring; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHASE presented a memorial of insurance
companies, merchants, and others interested in
the Commerce of Cincinnati, praying that the act
reducing the costs of proceedings in admiralty
against ships and vessels may not be repealed;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BRIGHT presented seven memorials of
assistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census
in Indiana, praying additional compensation;
which were referred to tile Committee of Claims.
Also, the proceedings of the Bogjd of Common I
Council of Jeflfersonville, Induniayin relation to i
the Louisville and Portland Canptl, and recom- 1
mending the construction of a ne,w canal around '
the Falls of the Ohio; which was referred to the 1
Committee on Roads and Canals. !
presented a memorial of citizens !
of California, urging an immediate survey of the !
public lands m that State, and the adoption of a j
liberal system towards the State in their disposi-!
tion; which was referred to the Committee on i
Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. UPHAM, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the children of Joseph
Bradley, deceased, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BADGrER, it was
Ordered,, That David Taylor have leave to withdraw his
memorial and papeis on the Executive files of the Senate.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill to authorize
the State of Wisconsin to select the residue of the
lands to which that State is entitled under the act
of 8th August, 1846, to aid in the improvement of
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, reported it with
an amendment.
Mr. ATCHISON", from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Johnson Lykens, reported thereon, and, in
concurrence therewith, it was ordered that the
Committee be discharged from the farther consid-
eration of the subject.
He also, from the same committee, to which
wa«J referred the memorial of Johnson K. Rogers,
submitted a report, accompanied by a joint reso-
lution for the relief of the heirs of Joseph Corde-
rey; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter-
ritories, reported a bill for the benefit of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota; which was read and passed
to the second reading*.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Noah
Miller, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Noah
Miller, of Lincolnville, in the State of Maine, and
for the relief of other persons; which was read
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from tne same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of the Mayor and
members of the Board of Aldermen and Board of !
Common Council of the city of Washington, re-
ported a bill to extend the collection district of
Georgetown to the city of Washington, in the
District of Columbia; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of Rob-
ert T. Norris, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the Committee on Commerce, to
which was referred the petition of Lewis H. Bates
and William Lacon, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for their relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better security of the
lives of passengers on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam;" which was read
and passed to the second reading.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That Ave hundred extra copies of the said-bill
be printed for the use of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of Mar-
tha L. Downes, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for her relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill granting
the right of way and making a grant of land to
the States of Florida and Alabama in aid of the
construction of a railroad from the waters of the
Pensacola Bay, in Florida, to Montgomery,
the State of Alabama, and for other purposes
ported it with an amendment.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM KOSSUTH
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Printing,
to which was referred the^iotion to print a letter
of Louis Kossuth to the President of the Senate,
pro tem.f together with a copy of a communica-
tion addressed by him to the President of the Uni-
ted States, have directed me to report in favor of
printing the same.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote upon the
concurrence in that report is taken, I desire to
call the attention of the Senate to the subject. I,
as an individual Senator, am opposed to the print-
ing of these letters; and I simply desire to call the
in tne
'iT, ire
es, &e-
attention of the Senate to it, as Senators do not
usually give their attention to these reports unless
it is specially called to them. The motion is to
print matter which I think is not at all necessary for
the public interest. It is a subject upon which we
have already had so much priming and so much
talking here, that I think it is time, with all defer-
ence to the opinions of others, that it should be
disposed of finally, and not printed or talked about
any more. I understand the usual custom is to
submit a report for the concurrence or rejection of
the Senate when it comes from the committee.
The PRESIDENT. Generally speaking, it is
taken up as soon as the report is made. The
question, then, will be on concurring in the report
of the committee.
Mr. BADGER. I really hope the Senate will
not concur in the report. I was in hopes that we
had got rid of this subject after the military ap-
pearance which M. Kossuth made in this Hall
some time ago, and that he would not be presented
here again, in his literary character. I move to
lay the report on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a short time.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, if the Senator will
renew it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will renew it if the Senator
will authorize me to withdraw it should any other
Senator, for the purpose of making any remarks,
desire me to do so.
Mr. BADGER. I withdraw it unconditionally.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe I have troubled the
Senate as little as any member, in relation to the
individual who has made this communication to
the Senate. I do not recollect that his name ever
passed my lips on this floor until this morning,
when I made that report. The communication is
at least from a very distinguished individual.
There are those in this body who desire that it
shall be preserved at length upon the records of
the Senate. It comes within no rule which has
been laid down by the Printing Committee, or by
the Senate, in relation to printing; but it is a
question which stands outside of all those rules.
Taking, then, the character of the individual, and
the disposition of many Senators to spread it upon
the Journal, and there preserve it, a majority of
your committee were in favor of printing it. I
will consume no more time in talking upon the
subject.
The PRESIDENT. It will not go on the Jour-
nal if it is ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. Not at length.
Mr. BADGER. I renew the motion to lay the
report upon the table.
Mr. CHASE asked for the yeas and nays upon
the motion; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 16, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland. Butler, Clarke,
Clemens, Dawson, Jones ot'Tennessee, King, Miller, Mor-
ton. Pratt, Rusk, Spruance, Underwood, and Upliam—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Atchison, Bright, Brodbead. Cass,
Chase, Davis. Dodge of Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Downs, Felcli, Fish, (Jeyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Jones of
rowa, McRae, Norris, Seward, Smith, Soule, Stockton,
Sumner, and Wade—94.
So the motion to lay the report on the table was
not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now comes
up on the printing of the communication on the
report of the Committee on Printing.
Mr. CHASE asked for the yeas and nays upon
it.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
have one remark to make in opposition to the
proposition to print. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact, that these letters have al-
ready been printed by the Senate; that they are
printed now in the two newspapers which pub-
lish the official record of our proceedings here,
and that the whole proceeding appears upon the
Journal. By being published in the official report
of our proceedings, those letters have as much
publicity given to them as, I think, any reason-
able man can require. This is a proposition to
print these communications in pamphlet form, and
make them one of our regular documents. To
that I am opposed. It will incur but a small ex-
pense, it is true, but it will be giving an import-
ance to the matter to which it is not entitled.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
who is at the head of the Printing Committee,
[Mr. Borland,] that to give publicity to the com-
munication is not at all the object of this printing.
