1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2363
from the papers, if they be examined, that a large
portion of this scrip had been issued.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HIBBARD. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania having been confined to
his amendment, 1 apprehend it is still in order for
me to discuss the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. VENABLE. I rise to a question of or-
der. I desire to oppose the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McLana-
han.]
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from New
Hampshire has not thus far proceeded in any dis-
cussion out of order. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania is to reduce the appro-
priation from $37,412 to $1, and in fact involves
the whole question.
Mr. HIBBARD. Is it in order for me to op-
Eose the Senate's amendment, which has not yet
een done?
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania opposes the amendment, by striking out
the entire sum excepting a dollar.
Mr. HIBBARD. But he speaks to the amend-
ment which he offers. I wish to speak to the
amendment of the Senate; and I apprehend that
it is still open for me to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will recol-
lect that the rule is, he must oppose an amend-
ment pending.
Mr. HIBBARD. I will obviate the difficulty.
I will speak in opposition to the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I am opposed
to his amendment because I am against allowing
anything. 1 am against the whole claim that the
Senate propose to add to this bill. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, who considered this
matter upon several occasions—first when the esti-
mates were originally sent to it, and secondly
when this amendment was referred to it—voted
unanimously, if I remember rightly, against it.
The grounds upon which it was done were these:
That it is purely a private claim; that it was not
to execute any existing law, or treaty; and that it
has not only never been allowed by any Depart-
ment, but upon two occasions it has been rejected.
Upon all these grounds the committee were opposed
to it, apart from the question of its merits or de-
ments when it shall be properly presented.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Have not $7,000 been
paid since last Congress?
Mr. HIBBARD. An item of jJ7,137 has been
allowed and paid since the last Congress. If it
were necessary to examine the merits of theclaim,
1 might refer to what is stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that at the last session the
Committee on Indian Affairs examined and re-
jected it. At this session, the gentleman from In-
diana has just informed us, the Committee on
Indian Affairs have had this matter before them
and disallowed it. It was the province of these
committees upon those occasions to examine this
matter upon its merits. Every man knows that
they are competent to do it. No man doubts their
disposition to allow every fair claim. They have
disallowed it. It is not competent,apart from the
question of its merits, to go upon an appropriation
bill because it is a private claim. The history of
it is this: it was originally presented to the De-
partment of Indian Affairs on the 19th of August,
1850, and was disallowed by the then Acting
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, Mr. Lea, and I
have here his report, giving his reasons; and one
of his reasons is the fact alluded to by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that it is not only not
competent to be allowed under the treaty, but is
expressly cut off by the terms of the treaty, which
say that no claim shall be set up for damages un-
der the treaty. Here is the portion of his report
containing his decision:
" Having given the subject a careful consideration, I find
that the entire claim is predicated on the ground of damage,
loss, or injuiy sustained by the contractors, in consequence
of delinquency or improper conduct on the part of certain
officers of the Government. But I find also, that the con-
tract contains the following provision: * And the said par-
4 ties of the second part (Andrews, viz : Forrester, Cobb &
1 Pickens) engage and covenant to act with the greatest en-
c ergy and industry, and to use all proper persuasion and
s means to induct; the s-aid Indians to remove within the
1 shortest practicable period, and that in no event shall the
< United States hereafter be subject to any claim for dam-
' ages, or compensation for anv loss or injury that may arise
i or be alleged to arise out of this contract under any oir-
( cumstaneus whatever, either fiom the delay or the refusal,
< in whole or in part, of the Choctaw Indians to remove
f west, or from any other cause or reason whatever.'
"It is thus evident, that however meritorious the claim
may Be, it is not provided for in the contract; on the con-
trary, it is precisely such as the contract expressly cuaids
again&t and precludes. Tiie Department, therefore, has no
authority to allow the claim."
It was disallowed; and without passing upon
the merits or demerits 6f the claim, the Commis-
sioner referred these claimants to Congress, be-
cause it stands upon the footing of countless other
claims before us, which require examination be-
fore the appropriate committees, and to be allowed
by acts of Congress before they can be paid by
the Department or included in appropriation bills.
It is no part of the duty of the Committee of
Ways and Means, nor of the Committee of the
Whole, nor of the House itself, while considering
general appropriation bills, to examine the merits
of private claims, nor to add them as riders to
these bills. It is sometimes done, but it is a most
objectionable practice, and is in violation of an
express rule of the House.
Mr. DIMMICK. Is it not in order now, Mr.
Chairman, for some gentleman to speak in oppo-
sition to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania? Both of the gentlemen who have
spoken upon it have opposed the Senate amend-
ment. I desire some one shall beallowed to speak
in support of the claim.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion has ended
upon the amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. McLanaiian's
amendment; and it was disagreed to; there being,
upon a division—ayes ID, noes not counted.
Mr. DIMMICK. I move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar, for the purpose of saying
a few words in support of this claim. 1 have not
had an opportunity of having access to the testi-
mony which is relied upon, and on file in the office
of Indian Affairs, but some time last Congress, if
I recollect rightly, I had access to the papers con-
nected with this claim,and gave them, as I think,
a fair and candid examination. I then came to
the conclusion that it was a just and honest claim
upon the Government, and ought to be paid. The
gentleman from New Hampshire, who last ad-
dressed the committee, set off with the allegation
that this was a private claim, and is not, there-
fore, germane in an appropriation bill. In the
first place, I desire to say, that I differ with the
gentleman upon that point. This appropriation
has been estimated for by the Department—by
Mr. Secretary Stuart—and his estimates 1 hold in
my hand. They are dated January 11th, 1852,
and read as follows:
c< Foi payment for the removal of Choctaw Indians from
the States of Mississippi and Alabama, a balance of a elarm
on account of said removal, heretofore reported to be due
by this office, and an appropriation for the payment of
which passed the Senate of the United Status at the la&t ses-
sion of Congi ess, #37,422 12.
Very well, sir; my friend from New Hampshire
referred to the fact that Mr. Lea had refused the
allowance of this claim. It is true that he refused
to make payment of this claim; but in the very
communication making the refusal he expressed
an opinion favorable to the merits of the claim,
and recommended the claimants to seek redress at
the hands of Congress.
A Member. What was the claim for?
Mr. DIMMICK. For .supplies furnished in the
removal of the Choctaw Indians.
Mr. McLANAHAN. The gentleman answers,
that it was for the removal of the Choctaw Indians.
My recollection is that some $80,000 were paid for
the fulfillment of the contract, and that this is a
claim for damages, they allege, arising out of the
contract after they have entered into that legal
agreement.
Mr. DIMMICK. I desire to say one word
upon the merits of the claim. Mr. Loughery has
always expressed a favorable opinion of this claim.
I desire also to state that the Secretary of the In-
terior has requested Congress to make a special
appropriation for the purpose of meeting its pay-
ment. The facts of the case are simply these:
The Government of the United States entered into
a contract with Mr. Forrester and others for the re-
moval of these Choctaw Indians. It is true, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has stated, that he
agreed to make no further claim upon the Govern-
ment of the United States for any injury or loss
arising under that contract. That provision was
inserted in the contract, but it was the understand-
ing that the Government of the United States
should deliver to the Choctaws prior to their re-
moval, under the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek,
one half of the land scrip they were entitled to.
The Secretary of War, some time in 1844, prom-
ised to deliver, and to have in readiness, one half
of the scrip to which the Indians were entitled.
An agent of the United States was sent down
there for the purpose of seeing that these Indians
were removed comfortably, and in a proper man-
ner. The contractor, who was there ready, had
assembled a great portion ofthe Indians; but they
refused to go before the scrip was delivered. The
Secretary of War failed to deliver the scrip; and
the consequence was that the Indians refused to
go. It became necessary, then, for the contractors
to make an effort to effect the removal of the
Indians. The one half of the scrip, with which
they expected to pay their debts, and provide
themselves with necessaries for their comfortable
removal, had been withheld by the Government;
and, as I understand the evidence, at the sugges-
tion of the Government agent, these supplies and
advances were furnished the Indians, who were
to have paid the contractors for them with the
scrip which the Government never delivered them,
but subsequently funded this claim by act of Con-
gress in 1845; whereby this scrip or fund, out of
which these contractors were to have been paid,
was diverted. Thus, the only means the Indians
had to reimburse these outlays by the contractors
for their supplies, were taken away, and the con-
tractors left without redress, except to rely on the
justice of the Government, and the promises of her
agent for their indemnification in furnishing these
supplies to the Indians; and without which their
removal could not have been effected.
Mr. VENABLE. We have had nothing but
a one-sided discussion. My friend from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] was opposed to this
amendment, because he thought that one dollar
was perhaps too much. I am opposed because it
is not enough. The Government makes a treaty
and plights its faith for removing a port of the
Choctaw Indians, and a part of that agreement is,
that they shall furnish them with the land scrip
before they move. Somebody who undertakes to
be guardian of the Indians discovers here that
they are likely to be cheated out of their land
scrip, and that the Government ought to decline to
fulfill its part of the treaty by refusing to deliver
the land scrip according to their own agreement.
The Government having so refused, the Indians
became dissatisfied and are unwilling to go.
Mr. McLANAHAN. How much land scrip
was delivered ?
Mr. VENABLE. It matters not for the issue.
The Government violated their contract. If the
Government makes a contract and covenants with
the Indians to remove them at a certain time and
upon cettain conditions, and if they violate their
own agreement with the Indians, it does not look
well now to say that they will not pay the con-
tractors for the removal, because of the wrong in-
flicted upon these Indians. If we had covenanted
with a contractor to remove the Indians, and the
Indians were secured by treaty with a certain por-
tion of land scrip before they removed, and if the
Government assumes the right of refuse to deliver
the scrip and the Indians refuse to remove, it cer-
tainly does not lie in the power of the Govern-
ment to place obstructions in the way of the con-
tractor, and say that they made a bargain with the
contractor and they will not pav damages.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman give
way for a moment?
Mr. VENABLE. I cannot give up my time.
The gentleman can follow me.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire information,
and I wish to ask the gentleman a question.
Mr. VENABLE. I can give you the informa-
tion, and it ^ this: The Government required the
Indians to be removed. They made a contract
with these parties to remove them, and placed
them under certain obligations and certain condi-
tions to relieve themselves from any liability for
damages to the contractors. They bind them-
selves by treaty with the Indians, before they
remove, to deliver a certain portion of land scrip.
They take alarm—refuse to give the land scrip—
make the contractors responsible because they
were thus obstructed in removing the Indians, and
hold them to the contract.
Mr. McLANAIIAN. I ask the gentleman if
that forms any portion of the contract for the
removal of the Indians?
