1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
It is to have this communication from the Gov-
ernor, or Chief Magistrate, of the independent
State and Kingdom of Hungary, and the imbodi-
ment of the very principles of republicanism
throughout the world, in our Congressional docu-
ments, to be handed down to posterity in company
with communications of a similar kind whiclu
come to the Senate. "
Mr. CASS. 1 am not going: to argue this ques-
tion at all, particularly on the issue made by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina. This
communication j as I understand it, is simply a
letter of thanks from this gentleman to Congress
for inviting him here. It is sent to us in the most
modest and proper language. All that is proposed
is, that we should show, upon our record, that we*
have received it, and given it that respect to which
it is entitled. As the issue now is, to refuse t<>
print it, is to reject it, and throw contempt upon
the man. That I am not disposed to do.
Mr. BUTLER. I recollect that when the prop-
osition was before the Senate to welcome Louis
Kossuth, it was expressly disclaimed that it was
with any view to address the Senate of the United
States. It was to place it upon a parallel with the
reception of Lafayette, which was a very high
honor, I confess. I now understand this gentle-
man to have written to the President. So far as
it was a private communication to the President
of the United States, returning his thanks for hon-
ors which had been shown him by this Govern-
ment and the people of the United States, there
could be no objection to it; but when the Presi-
dent thinks proper to send a communication of
that kind to the Senate, it is allowing this gentle-
man—Mr. Kossuth—to address himself indirectly
to the Senate of the United States, and, so far as
this proceeding will do it, to obtain the sanction of
this body, impliedly, to the doctrines set forth in
that paper; for it is not a simple expression of his
return of thanks to this body.
Mr. BADGER. By no means.
Mr. BUTLER. It must not go out with any
such understanding, if it had been of that kind,
I presume it would never have found its way here.
Ifit had been a simple, modest return of thanks to
the President of the United States, we would never
have heard of that paper. But it is the vehicle,
under the name of returning thanks to this Gov-
ernment, of the doctrine of this gentleman, and so
far as we give our sanction to it, we are called upon
to do it. In other words, we are called upon to
take this paper from this ex-Governor, or gentle-
man who claims to be the Governor of a foreign
country, and place it upon our archives as one of
the documents of'the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. It is a political paper. *
Mr. BUTLER. It is apolitical paper to all in-
tents and purposes. What effect it may have
upon the public mind of the United States, or of
Europe, I know not. But the object is, disguise
it as gentlemen may, to send it forth with all the
indorsement and imposing sanction that can be
imparted to it by this body. It is not a simple re-
turn of thanks, as the Senator from Michigan
calls it.
Mr. CASS. I did not intend to say another
word. But, really, it seems to me to be a new
idea, that because we print a paper, we advocate
the sentiments contained in it.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not say so.
Mr. CASS. I understood that that was the in-
timation of the honorable Senator.
Mr. BUTLER. Very far from it. I attempted
to be very explicit, and i said that this gentleman
wanted this to be sent forth, by implication, under
the sanction of this body. I did not say that, if
we print it, we sanction the doctrines contained in
it. I daresay some gentlemen are very willing to
adopt them. I am not.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, when this
communication was received yesterday by the
Senate, it was addressed to you, as the President
of this body. By yourself, as President, it was
laid before us. it was read to the Senate, after
the question upon reading had been put by the
Chair, without objection. And then a motion
was made by myself, that it should by printed;
whioh went, in its regular course, ana without
objection, to the Committee on Printing. The
Committee on Printing, this morning, has reported
in favor of printing this document, and now, if
the Senate refuse to print it, it will be taken as an
act of discourtesy. I do not say that such will be
the motive that will prompt Senators to vote against
the printing; but it will be so taken throughout
the country. I did not participate to any extent
in the debates which arose in regard to the wel-
come reception of this distinguished inan; but I
know the sentiment which animates a large por-
tion of the people of this country in regard to him. ;
I know the sentiment which animates, especially,
the people of my own State. They have received
him with distinctions and honors, which have
never before been paid to mortal man, but La-
fayette. And, in that, sir, Jet me say, they have
simply imitated the exampleof this Senate, which
paid to him honors which it never before paid to
any other man but Lafayette.
Mr. CLEMENS. Did not the Ohio Legisla-
ture refuse to pay his expenses?
Mr. CHASE. They did not: and I am happy
that an occasion is presented for the contradiction
of that rumor. And now, when this distinguished
exile returns to us, modestly and courteously, his
thanks for the honor we have done him, and the
committee which has charge of this matter reports
in favor of printing his communication, can we do
less than print it ? It seems to me that we can do
nothing less, without discourtesy. I am therefore
in favor of printing. And I am m favor of it for
another reason. Because I would take every op-
portunity legitimately offering itself to avow my
sympathy with that man and his mission, and my
concurrence in the great general principles which
he proclaims in the hearing of the American peo-
ple. I think it is proper, Mr. President, since this
question has assumed the shape it has, to renew
the call for the yeas and nays on the motion to
print.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT. The Chan- will take occa-
sion to say, in consequence of the remarks of the
honorable Senator from Ohio, that the communi-
cation was not addressed to the Presiding Officer
of the Senate. There was a letter received from
Louis Kossuth, addressed to me, and which he
requested me to lay before the Senate, enclosing a
communication which he had made to the Presi-
dent of the United States. He was informed, he
says, by the Secretary of State, that that was not
the proper course to be pursued, and that the
President could not communicate it to Congress;
and, in consequence of that information, as he
states in his letter to me, and on advice from the
Secretary of State, that he should adopt the course
of addressing it to the Presiding Officeis of the
Senate and of the House of Representatives, he
did so. 1 hesitated for some time with regard to
my duty to lay such a paper before the Senate.
But, on consulting with others, I thought it was
the best course to pursue.
Mr. BADGER. If there is any implication of
discourtesy to Louis Kossuth in the Senate's re-
fusing to "print this document, the disrespect, I
think, must be fairly attributable to the Senator
from Ohio. When these papers were offered here
yesterday, and read, everything was done with
respect to them which was necessary to prevent
any manifestation of disrespect on the part of the
Senate. He thought proper, however, to make a
motion to print the papers. They are of a char-
acter which the Senate is not in the habit of print-
ing; and 1 believe the Senate has never received
such papers before. We have papers laid upon
our tables every morning by dozens, that nobody
ever thinks of moving to print. But the Senator
from Ohio, in his zeal to reflect the enthusiasm of
his State in favor of Louis Kossuth, is not con-
tent with the papers being presented and read, but
he moves to print them. Under the rules of the
Senate, the motion was referred to the Committee
on Printing. The Committee on Printing, ani-
mated, I suppose, by the same favorable disposi-
tion towards the enthusiasm which has sprung up
!| in this country toward this great military chief-
' tain, or warrior—but who, my friend from Ala-
bama said the other day, was not great at fight-
ing—report back the motion, and recommend
that the Senate concur in it. Now, I say, that as
there was, in my judgment, no propriety in the
original motion to print, as it is not in accordance,
| as I think, with the usages of the Senate to print
jj such papers—as the case is of a description pecu-
liar and unusual in our proceedings—there is no
disrespect offered to the person in question by re-
fusing to print them. But if there be any disre-
spect, it is brought upon us by no action of the
Senate at all, but in consequence of thfe motion
made by the Senator from Ohio. For my own
part, I wish that the records could be kept, as far
as possible, clear of any further proceedings re-
specting this gentleman.
Mr. SEWARD. I have voted against the
proposition to lay this motion on the table, and I
shall vote for the printing of this communication.
I was influenced, and am influenced, by consider-
ations of respect and courtesy toward the distin-
guished personage from whom it proceeds. But
I am influenced more by a consideration of the
self-respect which I think the Senate owes to itself.
The Congress of the United States, at a time in-
teresting to the friends of liberty and free govern-
ment throughout the world, sent a national ship
to bring this personage from Europe to our shores.
On Ins arrival here, the Congress of the United
States, in the name, and in behalf of the American
people, bade him welcome to the capital. He •
came here, and was received by Congress. Upon
his departing, he addressed to the Congress a re-
spectful note through the President of the United
States; but formalities of etiquette prevented the
President from sending it to Congress, and it is
now respectfully submitted by thegentleman him-
self to Congress. It seems to me that a refusal to
receive it can do no injury to him, but may impair
our own self-respect. It is but courteous, under
all the circumstances, to give a respectful coy\ge to
our guest. Congress having received this person
as a guest, it appears to me, only acquits itself of
an ordinary act of hospitality by receiving this
communication. Under these circumstances, with-
out at all referring to the contents of the paper, or
to the manner of the paper, I think it is our duty
to receive it. I see nothing objectionable in the
communication; but if there was-*, courtesy, under
all the circumstances, would seem to mate it our
duty to receive it, however objectionable it might
be.
Mr. RUSK. Did I understand the Chair to
say, that this communication was not addressed
to the Presiding Officer of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state again
what is the true state of the case. The paper pro-
posed to be printed, was addressed to the Presi-
dent of the United States. The Secretary of State^
by letter, (as Louis Kossuth informs me in a let-
ter, dated at Cincinnati,) informed him that the
President declined to communicate it to the two
Houses of Congress, as it was not exactly in ac-
cordance with usage; and he suggested to him the
propriety of sending it to the Presiding Officers of
the two Houses; in consequence of which he ad-
dressed a letter to me, stating this fact, and asking
me to present it to the Senate. I presented the
letter addressed to me by Louis Kossuth, together
with the paper which was addressed to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and which the President
had declined to lay before Congress, and had so
notified Louis Kossuth through the Secretary of
State.
Mr. SEWARD. Here is the letter, dated Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, February 14, 1852, and addressed
to the Hon. Wm, R. King?, President of the Sen-
ate. It sets forth, that on tiie 12th of January,
Kossuth addressed a letter to the President of the
United States, and requested him to communicate
it to Congress; and a copy of that letter is an-
nexed to his communication to the President of
the Senate, under the advisement of the Secretary
of State. I will read that part of his letter:
kC Not initiated into the diplomatic foims of the United
States, I respectfully directed my farewell to Ins Excellen-
cy the President, mid requested linn to communicate my
assurance of everlasting gratitude to the Senate and the
House of Representatives.
"The Secretary of State had since the great kindness to
inform me, though his letter ha« reached me but recently,
that my request in respect to the communication would
have been gladly complied with, if it weie consistent with
the accepted lorme ; and he s-ugge<ted it to me, as a more
appropriate way, to send copies of niv addiess to the Presi-
dents of the Senate and of the House.
'•It ib upon this suggestion oi the Secretary of State that
I have now the great honor to inclose the feeble expression
of my everlasting giatitude and hope, with the request to
have it communicated to the august body of which you aie
the President.
"Mi. President of the Senate, \our mo«t humble and
devout servant, L. KOSSUTH."
Mr. BUTLER. I wish to bring to the view of
the Senate a remark made by this gentleman in
the first paragraph of his letter to the Presiding
Officer of this body. He says:
" Before I left Washington city, I felt myself bound by
