588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 18,
gratitude to return my warmest thanks to tire Government
and the Congmss o!' the. United States, for their generous
patronage they bad so kindly granted to me as to the hum-
ble representative of ray country."
He speaks of our having received him as "the
humble representative of his country." He has
assumed, m tiiat letter to us—what I did not in-
tend, by any vote of mine, to do—that we recog-
nized him as an official representative, or any oth-
erwise as a representative, or- that he ha5 any
country, contradistinguished from the one which
exists under the Government of Austria. But, I
suppose this gentleman has served his purposes
very well, and has, ill some measure, subserved
the purposes of others, by being a political agita-
tor. And it is in that point of view that he com-
mends himself, I have no doubt, to many who
vote for this.
The Senator from Ohio undertakes to say, that
if we refuse to print this communication, it will
be a discourtesy. Allow me to say, that when
gentlemen make imprudent issues, and we are not
disposed to sustain them and their issues, the re-
tort is immediately made: If you do not do so and
so, which we have tendered, and which ought not
to be done, the reproach falls upon those who op-
pose imprudent motions of this kind, if you
choose to call them so. It was an unusual thing
to make a proposition to print a paper of this
kind. It was an unusual paper. And if it did
not come from Louis Kossuth, with all the asso-
ciations connected with his doctrines and his
name, X answer for it, that no such motion would
have been made. Gentlemen cannot disguise the
fact from the country, that the object of this mo-
tion is to give importance to this gentleman's mis-
sion, and, as far as a vote will go to do it, to in-
dorse his doctrines and to fortify his sentiments.
I cannot, consistenly with my regard for the dig-
nity of this body, undertake to admit the opinions,
much less sanction the interference—.for inter-
ference it is—of this foreigner.
Mr. DOWNS. I have not entered into any dis-
cussion ill relation to Kossuth; and I do not tlunk
I hare any extreme opinions on any side of the
question: but it really seems to me astonishing
that opposition should he made to printing this
^document. The honorable Senator from North
Carolina [Air. JJadoer] thinks it is not such n
document as it is usual to print. I would like
that gentleman to say what the rule is on that
subject?—what particular kind of documents is it
confined to? It seems to me, that, instead of there
being any technical rule on the subject, it is cus-
tomary for the Senate to order such documents to
be printed as they think will be useful, and ought
to be preserved in the archives of the nation.
We often print memorials, resolutions from State
Legislature*, and many other documents contain-
ing facts worthy of preservation. Without giving
any opinion as to the course of Kossuth, or'any-
thing connected with his visit to the United States,
I must say that his visit, his reception and course
here, form an interesting event in our history.
Without, expressing any approbation of his
course, or any opinion in regard to it, I think it
is but right and fair, when he is taking leave of
us, that we should order to be printed and put on
record his response. I do not feel myself respon-
sible for anything he has said, if he has said im-
proper things,; but this is a part of the history of
this transaction; and I cannot conceive why the
honorable Senator from North Carolina '[Mr.
Badger] and the honorable Senator from South
Carolina [Mi\ Buti.miJ should be so sensitive on
this subject. They seem to be actuated by a kind
of hydrophobia, as if everything relating to Kos-
suth had something injurious and poisonous about
it. It seems to me. that if there is surh deadly !
venom in everything connected with Kossuth, '
these two gentlemen ought to have discovered it j
a long while since: for we have been talking and j
speaking about Kossuth for halt"the session" We :
lnvucd him here; wt have had him am on 2; us; wo
extended to liim 1U0 hospitalities of ihp iwtiott; '
and^ now, when he appears in our midst to make !
his Dow, are we to say that we will not accept it, i;
but that we wid shove him out of doors, and tell I1
him he has no business here? That I take to be II
Jie position of the honorable gentleman. |j
Air. uAOCtI.R. 1 think my honorable friend
from Louisiana wou.d find it very difficult to make II
out his f reposition! He says that those of us I1
who f,rc or,posed to printing this cnmramiwitifm ■ •
stand in this attitude; That we have invited Louis
Kossuth here; that we have received him with hos-
pitality; and that now, when he wants to make
his bow, and proposes to take his leave, we tell
him he shall not make his bow and take his leave,
but that we will kick him out. How does that
present the state of the case now before the Sen-
ate ? I thought he had been here. I thought he
Had been received, and that he made his bow. I
was not here on that occasion, but I suppose he
desired to make his bow, and I am sure that am-
ple opportunity was allowed him to make his bow;
that he was allowed to retire out of the Senate;
and that he was neither hurried nor kicked out.
He now sends us a letter which he calls a letter of
thanks. Assume it to be a letter of thanks. We
have received, we have read it. And the honora-
ble Senator says it is equivalent to kicking him
out, when he wants to make his bow, if we do not
print and preserve it among the archives of the
country. It seems to me that that is a very strange
interpretation of the matter. No incivility has
been offered to this man. The Senate has received
this paper, and it has been read at the desk. And
it is said that we are now offering an indignity to
liim, equivalent to kicking him out, when he wants
to make his bow and take his leave, because we
object to printing the paper he has sent to us. We
have not yet quite done what is incumbent upon
us in this matter, and what I am ready to do at j
any moment; that is, to pay the expenses incurred I
by his reception here. But it seems to me to be
making a most extravagant caricature of the posi-
tion we, occupy on this subject, to say that be-
cause we do not wish the communication to be
printed, we are offering the indignity of refusing
to let the gentleman make his bow and depart. I
assure my honorable friend from Louisiana tha
in this whole matter; and I am fearful it respects
things with which the Senate has nothing to do,
and with which it ought not to occupy itself.
Mr. CLEMENS. I cannot say, as many of
those who have preceded me have said, that I have
had nothing heretofore to say about this man,
JKossuth. I have had a good deal to say about
niim; and I shall have a good deal more to say.
There is a little resolution lying upon the table,
very innocent upon its face, about which I shall
have a good deal to say when it comes up for con-
sideration. I shall then draw a parallel between
the action of the Senate 011 two different occasions.
I shall remind the Senate that, j ust a few days be-
fore the adoption of their first resolution upon this
Subject, a poor old woman, the only child of a
revolutionary soldier, came here and asked for
bread to support the little remnant of her exist-
ence, and you gave her a stone. Now it is pro-
posed to pay to this man and his suite more
money for Champagne and Burgundy, drank in
one day, than would have supported that poor old
widow double the remnant of her life. But that
is not the question 011 which I wish now to speak.
I want to know the use of printing this fetter.
What use are we to put it to ? How are we to
use it? In what manner is it to he employed?
The Senator from Louisiana asks, by what rule
are we governed in ordering the printing of public,
documents ? Why, we are governed by one plain,
unvarying rule; and that is, when a document is
presented here, upon which the action of the Sen-
ate is required, it is printed for the use of the
Senate; it is printed to enable us to act understand-
ingly 011 matters submitted to our consideiation;
and for 110 other purpose. Is it proposed to take
any action upon this letter ? Not at all. Why,
then, is it to be printed? For our information?
no man 111 this country is more heartily willing to ] 1 Why, all of us, who ever intended to read it, have
let him make his bow and take his leave of us and |j read it long ago. All of us who chose to swallow its
of this country, now and forever, than I am. 1 !' doctrines, have swallowed them long since. We
would instantly withdraw all objection to the print- J' all know every word that is to be printed and laid
ing, if the witiulrawal and the printing would have j: upon our tables. Then it is not for information;
that very salutary effect. j it is not for the purpose of enabling us to act un-
Mr. BORLAND. I have found it exceedingly derstandingly upon the subject; but it is for some
difficult to accommodate my actions hereto the || other purpose. What is that purpose? As a
wishes, I will not say caprice, of the particular ij mark of respect? We have paid him all the re-
frieiuls of Mr. Kossuth. I certainly, from the be- [ j spect he deserved; yea, more, in my opinion, than
ginning, had no intention or wish to treat him with [i a hundred such men deserve. We have gone to
disrespect; but on the_ contrary, to treat him with j; the utmost limit in that respect. We have paid
i him the same honor which we paid to Lafayette;
very great respect. To show that I did so, I my-
self introduced a resolution, which I thought a
proper one, recognizing him as the guest of the
nation; inviting him hereto the capital; providing
for his welcome when he got here; and I went a
step further, and in order~to complete the whole
business at once, and to make it substantial as
well as formal, I provided in that resolution to pay
the expenses which might be incurred in conse-
quence of his reception. How was'that proposi-
tion received ? I was told by the peculiar friends of
Mr. Kossuth—particularly'by one gentleman who
seemed to have him in special charge, and who on
that occasion seemed to consider himself the es-
pecial guardian of Kossuth's honor and wishes,
in this country—that I had offered a monstrous in-
j and respect can go no further. " There is still an-
j other thing sought to be accomplished. It is to
j commit this Senate to the opinions and doctrines
1 which have been advanced by him. I shall engage
in 110 such business. And let me warn those gen-
tlemen who are so exceedingly anxious now to
j make capital out of this Kossuth humbug, that it is
: a dead humbug, and cannot be galvanized into life,
j The man, or the party, who shall connect himself
I or itself with it, will go down as certainly as that
j the sun will rise to-morrow, ltis a dead humbug,
j and cannot be galvanized into life. °
j Mr. DOWNS. If the humbug is dead, as the
! gentleman supposes, why is it that gentlemen op~
! pose so strenuously this motion to print? It is
di • 1. 1  v.- J.J, |  ui-uuuuoiy tiiio lliuuuu UJ
U ?• '' by men- not quite so dead, as some of them seem to sup-
no. ,v,„nn„    1  pose. As to the effect of a refusal to print the
document which is now before us, the Senator from
North Carolina and myself are not perhaps likely
to agree; but notwithstanding the ingenious mari-
ner in which he has replied "to my suggestion, I
think it will be considered pretty much 111 the light,
I viewed it. There are some few circumstance.',
connected with this subject which I did not think
it was necessary to mention before, but to which
I will now call the attention of the Senate.
One is this: Gentlemen were so very cautious in
the admission of Kossuth, in the programme of
arrangements on that occasion, that it was a sort
of dumb show. No opportunity of reply or ad-
dress was given to him. He had 110 opportunity
of returning his thanks in the usual way at the
, , • ,   . tmie of his reception. It seems 10 me that w
of mm and paying for him „i a substantial way, ought to give him some opportunity of returning
I am now cmtrged and others who agree with me j his thanks for the hospitalities tendered to him. =
are char-fid. with treahno fc,m wul, - :■ _ Another circumstance which shows that to re-
fuse to print this communication would be a re-
fusal to receive his bow at departing, is the fact
that it was addressed to the President of the United
States before Kossuth left this city. It was written
here in Washington city before he departed. This
snows that it was his parting bow. Let the gen
turning money in connection with his name, in .
order to pay his expenses. I find, however, that !
| other friends of Mr. Kossuth have since brought I
j forward, in a separate form, the proposition which I j
j then made, and which I was anxious should be !
j adopted then. 1 did not wish to have this indi- |
j vidua! before us so often. I thought those who j
| had due regard for his reputation" would rather
: preserve it, by not, allowing Jiirn to come before ;
1 the public so often as to become so common as to ,
cease to he interesting. I wanted to treat him
; with respect, and to provide for meeting the ex- !
penses which might be incurred inconsequence of :
treating him with respect. I wished to d'ispose of
the whole matter at on< e, and be done with it. I
Although I was then charged v.':;h treating him '
with disrespect, because I provided for taking care
f\f !nm rv 7.v f V 1 ('l* S* ill I 1 1 \ n fx, Uivf  
are charged, with treating him with'disrespect in
another way—because we will not consider him
further. It was disrespectful to provide for his
respectful treatment; and now we are treating him
with disrespect because we are unwilling to have
any more to do with hiin. And one Senator has
told us that the self-respect of the Senate requires
thill. I am efraid there is too much *
respect tleman from North Carolina construe it as he will.
