1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
tins is the response of Kossuth, on his leaving
Washington, to the hospitalities extended to him
while he was hero. And I say again, that if the
ordinary course which is adopted when documents
are presented here which are supposed to be in-
teresting and which it would be useful to pseserve, j
is not pursued with regard to this communication^
it will be considered that we treat Kossuth witljr
discourtesy.
As to the subject to which the Senator from,,
Alabama lias referred, when it comes up, it will
be a matter for separate consideration. I do not
now pretend to say what coiuse I shall pursue on
that subject; but 1 can very well conceive that the
question involved in that resolution is very dif-
ferent from that now before the Senate.
Mr. CHASE. In submitting this motion, T had
not the slightest idea that ] was about to give oc-
casion to a protracted debate: nor in the sugges-
tions which i made, did I suppose I was giv-
ing just occasion to any one to say, that I charged
the Senators who opposed this motion with inten-
tional discourtesy. But when it is asked, what is
the use of printing this document? I answer, that
the use of it is to complete the record; it is to fulfill
the obligations which the Senate took upon itself,
when it determined to welcome this illustrious
man. We have received him; we have pnid him
honors. He now returns to us his grateful ac-
knowledgments. The communication in which
he imbodies them, was addressed originally to the
President of the United States. By the President,
through the Secretary of State, he was informed
that the President, in the ordinary course, cannot
transmit such a document to the Senate. He then,
upon the suggestion of the Secretary of State, in-
closed if to the Chair. The Chair received it. It
was read to the Senate, and then the Senator from
North Carolina, with that manner for which he is
so remarkable—which gives point and force to
censure and satire, conveyed in the language of
commendation and praise—took occasion to say,
that as we had all heard the document read, and
as it, had no doubt duly impressed upon all a pro-
found sense of the impoitanceof the subject which
it discussed, and the sentiments which itpromulga-
ted, he would move that it lie upon the table. It
then seemed to me due to courtesy, due to our own
self-respect, that this document should be printed.
I therefore made the motion to print. I am glad
to find that the majority of the Committee on
Printing concurred with me m opinion.
Mr. President, 1 do not wish to discuss the
principles which have been advanced by this illus-
trious man. They are before the country. The
people are thinking of them, and they will decide
whether or not the requests which he makes of the
American people, and through the American peo-
ple of their repi esentatives, is reasonable and ought
to be granted. Other occasions will arise when
those questions can be properly discussed. The
Senator from Alabama says that Kossuth has al-
ready received more honors than he has deserved.
That is a question between that honorable Senator j;
and a very large portion of the people of the Uni- !i
ted States. I am much mistaken if it does not ii
turn out to be a question between the honorable,';
•Senator and history itself. But be that as it may, !j
I shall not go into the discussion now. In moving \\
to print this document all that I have asked of the ,
Seriate is simply that they will close the record of 1
the transactions connected with the welcome and
reception of Kossuth in the most appropriate ;
manner, by receiving with attention ana respect :|
The parting words of the gentleman whom they ,i
have chosen to honor. jj
Mr. RUSK. I do not intend to engage in this
discussion;but I must say that it seems to me that I
this man Kossuth isahttfe like FalstafF about wit; j
he has not only a good deal of talk in himself, but
he is the cause of talk in others. I have had noth- :i
ing to do with this matter from the beginning, j
because I thought we had business enough of our
own to attend to without attending to Hungary ,j
and Kossuth, and I was very anxious to get up a
bill this morning of some importance. I shall ;i
vote against the printing of this letter, for I do j
not know how many more will follow it. I be-;:
lieve I have voted against everything of this kind ,1
hitherto, and I am strongly tempted to change my j'
course and vote for this motion, on the ground on I
which this matter is put by the honorable Senator 'J
from Michigan, as a specimen of the modesty of :i
Kossuth, As that is a scarce article, and this is :1
a rare specimen of it, I have a great mind to
change my opinion. But as I am anxious to be
done with this whole matter, I believe I shall still
vote against the motion.
Mr. BADGER. The Senator from Ohio has
referred to a remark which I made yesterday, at
the conclusion of the reading of the letter of Kos-
suth, that inasmuch us it had been read and list-
ened to with profound attention by the Senate,
unless the Senator from Michigan, [Mi\jCass,] or
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] or
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] desned
some reference of it, I would move to lay it on
the table. Why, my remark was perfectly well
understood by every gentleman in the Chamber
and in the galleries. My meaning way this: that
although this: paper was directed to be read by the
Senate, so far as I could judge there were not half
a dozen members of the body who paid the slight-
est attention to its leading, thus manifesting be-
yond all dispute that the reading of the paper was
a mere idle ceremony, and that nobody here want-
ed to hear it. That is what I meant. And now
permit me to say, that 1 consider the motion to
print eis standing pieusely on the footing of the
proceeding to read. Nobody cares one copper
about the printing of this paper. No one sup-
poses it is worth one chinoapin now or hereafter
to the American people. It is to be printed for
other purposes and other ends.
A word now with regard to the remark of my
friend from Louisiana, that there are some consid-
erations to which 1 have not adverted which would
perhaps induce a different view of the propriety of
printing this document, and lead me to believe
with him that a refusal to prmt it would be an in-
dignity. I wish merely to remind the Senator,
that in reference to Kossuth's reception on this
floor, it was arranged by a committee of very dis-
tinguished gentlemen who had charge of that sub-
ject, to put it precisely on the footing of the
reception of Genera! Lafayette. General Lafay-
ette, when introduced into the Senate, did not open
his mouth, lie was simply introduced by the
Presiding Officer, took the seat assigned to him,
and the Semite adjourned, and he was mtioduced
to its members in their pnwite and individual ca-
pacities. The committee resolved to preserve a
precise accoidance with what had la-ken place in
the leception of General Lafayette in this Cham-
ber. iNow, surely doing that cannot be torturer!
into discourtesy to Louis Kossuth. Surely he seN
up no higher ck.ims to the admiration and grati-
tude of the American p<*>ple than General Lafay-
ette. For what should we admire him more-1
Has he higher and nobler qualities than one of the
most, gallant and noble men that ever sprung from
a nation of gallant and noblemen? Has he any
greater chums on our gratitude? What has he
clone for us ? Nothing. lie has come here and
lectured our people, and through them he has lec-
tured us m order to give us a new* edition of polit-
ical rules by which our conduct with foreign
Powers is to'be regulated. It seems to me he can
have no claim upon us either for admiration or
gratitude higher than Lafayette. Did General
Lafayette send a letter to lhe Senate? Was any
letter of his printed '
Mr. DOWNS, i would a&k the gentleman
whether, if there had been a letter from Lafayette,
its printing would have been refused*
Mr. BADGER. I will not make such a suppo-
sition with respect to Genera! Lafayette, bccanse
it would suppose General Lafayette to be deficient
of a quahty which he posseted in an eminent
degree. He was a gentleman of real merit and
real modesty. He was not disposed to thrust
himself m with his political opinions, lectures, or
dissertations, on what he thought ought to be the
policy of this country, by letters addressed to the
public authorities, or speeches made to the people.
He behaved in that transaction of his life as he
did m every other. It was the middle of Ins life,
suitable to its commencement, and harmonizing
gloriously with its termination—always able, pa-
triotic, brave, and modest.
Mr. DOWNS. If there is anything in this
document calculated to be construed into a lectuie,
then 1 concede it would not be improper to op-
pose its printing. But I am sure that there is no
such thins* in the letter before us.
Mr. BADGER. I can point out one at once.
In that letter he states that the United States had
sent "a steam frigate to Asia in order to restore
nie to liberty and activity/' We all know that
the correspondence of the Executive Department
of this Government directed the representation on
which his release was to be asked of the Sultan
to be, that the object was to bring him here as a
settler among us, as an emigrant, and to remove
him from activity and power for political agitation.
Mr. DOWNS. It was not intended to confine
him when he got here.
Mr. BADGER. No, sir; but I suppose the
honorable Senator knows what Kossuth means
by being restored to activity. He means that w e
intended to restore him to liberty, and not to a
quiet retreat m tins country, but to activity as a
political agitator. His conduct here shows the
interpretation which he means to attach to the
term.
Mr. DOWNS. Even if the sentence to which
the Senator from North Carolina takes exception
bears the interpretation which he gives it, still it
does not amount to a lecture. It is a mere state-
ment of his impression of the transaction. 1
hope the gentleman will not consider Kossuth as
delivering a lecture, because he takes a different
view of that transaction.
Mr. BADGER. It is not the true view.
Mr. SOtfLE. We are exhibiting, I should
think, Mr. President, a very unusual, and certain-
ly a. most uncalled-for, degree of susceptibility
with respect to the motion now before the Senate.
What does it aim atp Simply at the printing of
a communication which was transmitted on yes-
terday to this body through the medium of its
Presiding Officer. The communication itself ema-
nates from the distinguished individual whom, by
previous resolves, this Senate, acting in conjunc-
tion with the House of Representatives, had con-
stituted and proclaimed as the guest of the Ameri-
can people; and the question arises whether oi not
that communication shail bejprinted. Let us con-
sider on what grounds is the motion to print re-
sisted. From the remarks that have fallen from
the lips of certain Senators, it would seem as if
ihe printing of the document in which the com-
munication is contained was to impart to that com-
munication a character involving us in high and
momentous responsibilities, and indeed making
the advocates of the measure personally account-
able for iheopinions and doctrines which the docu-
ment may contain. Sir, it is now clear, and I will
not dispute with those who may choose to deny
it, that such can he neither the bearing nor the
effect of our action on the proposition upon your
table. We give it not any sanction. We print
it, and that is all. What may he the judgment
winch the present generation will- pass upon the
merits and v. orthof the illustrious exile, and what
rank will be awaided to him in history among the
apostles and maityrs of the cause in the deifenre
of which he is pouring out his whole soul, it is
not for me now to investigate and determine.
That question will have its day, and shall m time
be met. But I can hardly conceive that we should
at this moment inquire what be the character that
gives Kossuth any right to address the country, and
to address us on theoccasion which has elicited this
document. Sir, he came not an uninvited and
unknown wanderer to our shores, ilecame hith-
er by the wishes of the American people, signi-
fied to the world through their constituted organ,
the Govern merit; and U were more than strange,
indeed, if after you had reclaimed him from exile,
and welcomed him to your land, to your capital,
to the very hails of your parliament, you should
now deny him the privilege of returning thanks
for the hospitality and the honors you were thus
pissed, and with lavish hands, indeed, to bestow
upon him. What can be the object of such a de-
nial? Senators admit that it is no longer in >j\\r
power to blot out of our lecorded proceedings the
dreaded document. It weir to the Journal on yes-
terday upon being reed by your Sen ctary, and
there it must, remain, in spite of the fate which
may await tlus motion. Sii, allow me to sav that
it would be past strange m us to minister such an
imdign^ed rebuke to oar former proceeding?*. To
those w no can see but a dead humbug in the docu-
ment upon your table, and m those monuments of
^urmng eloquence that have roused hundreds of
thousands of our people to an enthusiasm ap-
proaching almost to frenzy, 1 would ask least*
to say, Why should that dead humbug move you
out of propriety and moderation ? Pear you that
the lurid carcass may bmmT you at night, and d• s-
