1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2365
supplies which were furnished, were furnished
upon the guarantee of the agent of the United
States, that the contractors should be reimbursed.
He told them that they need not refuse or hesitate
to make these advances, for that the Government
of the United States would reimburse them. Upon
these assurances, thus given, these supplies were
furnished. The contractors also removed the mules,
and a variety of other articles which the Indians
had, and without which they refused to go. I say,
then, that these charges against the Government
of the United States are for supplies furnished,
and for advances made by the contractors, with
the promise of the agent that they should be re-
imbursed by the Government. Unfortunately,
the agent, Mr. Burstow, was drowned in crossing
some stream on his way with a portion of these
Indians to their destination west. But for that
circumstance, the probability is, that there never
would have been any doubt or difficulty as to the
justice and propriety of this claim. "When the
claim was presented to the Indian Bureau, it was
examined by three or four intelligent men, each
and every one of whom expressed a favorable
opinion with regard to its merits. Now, the Gov-
ernment of the United States have, by its agent,
given assurance to the contractors that they should
be indemnified for their advances thus made, and
the Department having sanctioned it, ratified it,
and approved of it, I say that if the Government,
or if the Department could be sued, an action of
debt could be sustained against it, and a recovery
had; for they have recognized, admitted, and al-
lowed the justice and merit of this claim; and
although the agent may have transcended his au-
thority in the first instance by giving these assu-
rances to the contractors, yet, if the Department
subsequently recognized the acts of her agents, she
is as effectually bound as though the agent had a
precedent authority to make these promises and
give these assurances.
I do hope, therefore, that this committee, when
they come to vote upon this question, will vote in
favor of its allowance. I think that justice, right,
and equity require that we shall not withhold
it. I think, as the gentleman flora North Caro-
lina has said, it would be quibbling and placing
the defense of the Government upon a question of
technicality. The Government rests its defense
upon the ground that there is a clause in this con-
tract wherein the contractors agree that in no event
and under no circumstances will they call upon
the Government for any losses or injuries which
may arise under it. Now, the Government itself,
as is clearly shown and fully proven, was in de-
fault from the beginning to the end, and the Gov-
ernment should not seek to take advantage of her
own wrong. Again, if 1 recollect right, it was
stipulated in the contract, that one thousand of
these Indians should be removed within three
months from the making of the contract under a
penalty of a forfeiture of the same; and this re-
moval was to be effected m the winter season, i
When I read the contract I was impressed with
the belief that there was a design on the part of
the person who drew the contract for the Govern-
ment to throw difficulties in the way of the con-
tractors, and if possible to defeat or embarrass the
execution and performance of the contract on their
part, and I believe the history of this case will
fairly justify the conclusion to which I came in
reference to it.
The question was then taken on Mr. Scurry's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out $37,412, and inserting
" $4." The case, as stated by my colleague from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dimmick,] is one which, if
the facts sustained the statement, would be very
clear, and the positions which lie has taken would
be fully correct. But, sir, I answer his whole ar-
gument by ihe assertion that Mi. Barstow, the
Government agent, had no warrant of law, and no
authority from the Government, to go with these
contractors to New Orleans and incur a debt, or
authorize a debt to be incurred on the part of the
United States, of some forty-odd thousand dollars.
Sir, the contract for the removal of these Indians
was one which enabled the contractors to draw
(according to my recollection) from the coffers of
the United States some $<80,000. Under the terms
and by virtue of that contract, they were paid every
dollar that was due to them. But my colleague
says that an agent of this Government went with
these contractors to New Orleans for the purpose
of purchasing goods, and furnishing the Indians
with shoes and stockings, and that he guarantied
the faith oi the Government that this payment
should be made. If he did so, his conduct was
repiehensible,and instead of receiving the sanction
of this committee, deserves its prompt condemna-
tion. What authority had a mere agent, who was
; specially sent with these Indians to see that the
! contractors fulfilled the stipulations of their agree-
I ment with the Government, and come up to their
| contract, to remove and supply the Indians on their
j western journey? Whatauthority had heto incur
■ a debt on the part of this Government, of some ,
j forty-odd thousand dollars? And, sir, after this s
| debt was incurred, the strongest evidence that is
adduced against the United States to support the
j claim, is the evidence of the self-constituted agent ;
| of the Government. Sir, I do not know anything,
i nor do 1 allege anything against the characters of i
j the parties in this transaction, but this circum- t
: stance raises a strong presumption that that evi- ;
dence is not the most reliable in the world. !
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Yen- ;i
ahle] alleges that the certificates of land scrip
were not issued, and that this was the fault of the
Government ol the United States. Under the |
Dancing Rabbit Creek" treaty of 1831, which j
the Government entered into with this tribe of In- '
dinns, the Government became bound to issue cer- '
tain land scrip to the emigrating members of the
tribe. One half of this scrip was to be delivered ,,
to the Indians before they started for their new !
home in the west; and by reference to the docu-
mentary evidence in this case, it will be found that
a large quantity of this scrip was actually deliv-
ered to them before they set out. Now, the cal-
culation doubtless was, for the contractors, under
those circumstances, to purchase a supply of
goods at New Oileans to sell to the Indians, and
have thou- affairs in such a position that they could '
get hold of the Indian Laid scrip for the goods
thus purchased. That was tbemducement to go to
New Orleans. The naked feet and unclad bodies
of these wild savages excited sympathies which
under other circumstances never would have been
awakened. They went to New Orleans and pur-
chased, on the strength of this agent's unauthor-
ized statement, some ^40,000 worth of goods, sup-
posing that they would receive therefor the land
scrip that ihe Government was to give to the In-
dians. I say that is a fair statement of the case.
They were defeated in the speculation, and hence
j arises this claim for damages. ,J
Mr. BISSELL. From the general idea which
i have been able to gather of the main facts m j
this case, I am inclined to think that there is some 1
justice m this claim. But the details of it 1 pro- ;
fess not to understand. As far as 1 do understand j
the claim, I am not satisfied with the defense set !
up against it. Now, I suppose, fiom what 1 have !j
been able to gather, that these are the main facts '!
of the case: that the Government entered into an j
arrangement with the Chodaws, or with a portion ,
of them, to induce them to emigiate westward, !
and upon certain conditions the Choctaws agreed 1
to do so. That being the state of the case, the 'i
Government entered into a contract with these j
claimants to go and effect the removal of the In- :!
dians. The claimants made their necessary, va-
ried, and extensne arrangements for carrying out
their contract, and in doing it, of course, incuiied
very great expense. The Government failed to
comply with the stipulation?? it had entered into ,
with the Tndiansand, consequence,the Indians
refused to emigrate.
Mr. McLANAJIA X. I ask the gentleman
where is the evidence of that f'nci, except as proved ;
by those who were interested parties in the pur- ■'
chase of these ?,oods ? |
Mr. DIMMlCt\. The agent himself testifies 1
it. :
Mr. HAVEN. As I understand it, they did
not refuse to go out. They did go out, and these ''
persons superintended their removal.
Mr. CONGER. Will the gentleman fiom 111i- |
nois permit me to say a word? !
Mr. BISSELL. "With pleasure. 1 am more !
anxious to obtain information than to impart it.
Mr. CONGER. The first item of the claim I
seems to be founded on what f will now read from i
a report made in the Senate in January, 1851:
" Effoits weie immediately made to tcnio\ o the Indians ^
within tin.* tunc fi\ed j ti the contract, but they lefubed tali
go until the certificates or &enp for their lands wore is-
sued. >
" They debited these to p<ty their debts. The Secretary
ol War pioimsed thatJt should be issued in September,
1844, but the pioimse was not complied with. The con-
tractors were thereioie placed in a most embarrassing
position. By the condition of their contract, they were
required to remove one thousand Indians within the year
1844, and to furnish the Indians, at their own expense,
those articles which were necessary for their removal, re-
lying upon the promise of the Secretary, and tho provisions
of law by which the Indians were to eb furnished with
land scrip, to repay them."
Mr. BISSELL. I think that makes the case a
little stronger upon the claimants than 1 had sup-
posed it was. I think the defense set up savors
rather of special pleading. I do not think it a fair
and manly way to meet the claim in this case. If
It is, I do not understand the case. If the facts
are such as I have stated them to be, there can be
no douht as to the justice of the claim. Of the
amount, I have no means of knowing; but I take
it for granted that when the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs has estimated the amount, and when
J the Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate
| have unanimously reported in favor of allowing
| this amount, and the Senate, when they had set-
i tied the propriety of putting it into this'bill at ail,
and agreed in allowing the claim, it is the proper
1 amount.
Mr. HIBBARD. I understand the item re-
ferred to by the gentleman last up, [Mr. Bissr.ix,]
for removing five hundred and forty-nine horses,
has all been paid.
Mr. CONGER. No, sir; that is not the item
referred to at all.
Mr. HIBBARD. Then I was mistaken.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
The question was then taken 011 the proposition
to reduce the appiopriation to §4; and it was not
agreed to.
The question then recurring upon the original
amendment of the Senate,
Mr. DAWSON demanded tellers ; which were
ordered; and Messrs. Vknable and Barrkre
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 80, noes 40.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The committee then passed to the second amend-
ment of the Senate, which is as follows:
u Page 1'2, «tnke out the followingclause of the bill, viz :
" To pay the claim, adjusted by the accounting offieeis
of the United States Tiea nry. in favor of David Tayloi,
tindci ihe latter clause of the ihiiteenth article of the Ohei-
olcco tiuaty, concluded at New Echota, December 29, IJS35,
and approved by the Senate, ,$19,800; and to be paid out of
the balance ofthc appropriation* of July2d, 1836, under the
act entitled ' An act making further appiopnationsior car-
rying into eifectceitam Indian tiedtiesV
<c and insert—-
"To pay the claim of David Taylor, as adjusted and
found due by the Second Auditor of the Tiea-uivon the
11th of M;ucii, 1852, undei the latter clause of the thir-
teenth aitielo of tiie treaty with the Cheiokces, concluded
at New J'choU, on the 529th of Dccembei, ls?:r>, raid ap-
proved by the Senate, $.M,8">3 U4."
Mr. CL1NGMAN.
propnation $100.
As the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrence m this amendment, I would
not say anything in relation to it, but for the fact
that the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Pitch] ex-
pressed some doubt as to Jts piopriety. I be£
leave to read a short statement of the Comptroller
of the Treasury. Mr. Whittlesey, after stating
that the drum could not be paid without an appro-
priation, there being no money in the Treasury,
says:
Treasury Dkpartmfnt, )
(.'OVU'TROLIXR'S OFricr, July <% 1852. \
Wii.lum L. 11 oi)(51 , fit-q.j
.■Ictniii Sercctary oj the Trcusui y:
Sir On the -Hth of June the Secicuuy of the Interior
f-eiit to the Seereuuyol the TieaMirj «i. iequisition,piopeilv
eounn't.-iuiu'd hy the Acting Second Comptioliet, mid Sec-
ond Auditoi, requesting the Secretary ot the Tiea^urv to
is^ue a u an ant ioi in favor of David Ta\ lor, as per
K'poit Xo. 1-2, 000 o<" Second Comptroller, on deu^um of
Seeictaiv of the Trea-siuj. to be chained tome apptopn-
ation-- m the act of'2d of July, 1&o6, cauj ing into effect
(.'betoken ueaty of 18«i5-'3t3.
On the ^ame day the wan ant was. i««ued a^ leqaned, and
s-t'til tothn office to be eonnteisugued hv the Fir-t Comp-
t  oiler. By the act of Sept.Mnbei 2d, 1789, it is; made the
duty orthe Comptiollci to countersign al! wanants diawn
1a the Seeietaiy of the Treasury, which shall he warranted
bylaw. (Vol. 1, St at L.. p. Go.) The same provision is
contained in the axt of M;u<-h 3d, 1837. (Sec. fc>, vol. 3, p.
3G7.) The fii ,t article and ninth section of the Constitution
ofthc ('tilled States! pi ovule*, that "No money shall be
diaw n from the Treasury but in consequence of appiopn
ations made by law." ^Vol. 1, page 30.)
move to increase the ap-
