1852.
Tip CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
ernmen twill receive but a very small amount; but if
the arrangement is made under the bill of 1850,
by the Secretary of the Navy, be'can then, with
propriety, and as a part of the terms of that agree-
ment, reserve to his Department the power of
controlling the charges which jshall be made for
the use of the dock by commercial vessels.
Mr. HUNTER. Why can he not do so under
this amendment?
Mr. BADGER. Because he is required to put
it up to the highest bidder.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment requires the
contract to be made on the most advantageous
terms.
Mr. BADGER. On the most advantageous
terms for the Government. If this amendment
should be adopted, and the Secretary of the Navy
should, in accordance with it, lease this dock to
some individuals, he could not, with propriety,
interfere with them, after they had paid the money
stipulated. At all events, it seems to me that there
is no pressing necessity for acting on this matter
now. I am sorry that I have mislaid the letter of
the Secretary of the Navy, to which I have re-
ferred; but when I withdrew the amendment the
other day, I did not suppose that the matter would
again come up, and I did not think it necessary to
preserve the letter.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me that there
can be no difficulty with regard to this matter.
The amendment proposes to confer upon the Sec-
retary of the Navy thepower to make such a con-
tract as he may think most advantageous to the
Government, and beneficial to the commercial ma-
rine—it does not restrict him. The amendment is
very carefully drawn. In order that the contract
may be made at the proper time, I think it should
be now adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I would suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania, that the dock
may reach California, and there may be no pier,
no basin there to make the dock effective. Under
this proposed contract, which the Secretary of the
Nnvy is authorized to make with individuals, the
individuals may erect such a pier as will answer
their purpose—which is the repair of the commer-
cial marine, the vessels of which average about six
hundred tons, and trade on the Pacific coast.
Now, a pier which would be sufficient for the re-
pair of the merchant marine would be wholly in-
adequate for the repair of the naval marine. I
suppose I may say that, in proportion as the bids
for this contract wotvld increase, just in that pro-
portion would the bidders be disinclined to expend
money upon the pier. Just in proportion as they
give for the use of the dock, would they be disin-
clined to erect a large pier. It is quite possible
that, in addition to all the objections which are
upon the face of a copartnership between the Gov-
ernment and private individuals, this objection
may pertain: that, while the commercial marine
may reap the advantages of the pier, it may be
perfectly inappropriate to the repair of naval ves-
sels. The Secretary of the Navy, under the pro-
posed amendment, truly has a right to contract
upon such terms as he may deem best; but he is
restricted, notwithstanding, to contract with the
highest bidder.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Who will give proper
security.
Mr. MALLORY. It is said that the contract
is to be made with the highest bidder, who will
give proper security. I understand, too. that if a
contract is made with the highest bidder, it will be
without reference at all to the form of the pier
which is necessary to make the dock effectual.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, it is extiemely
desirable that some ariangement should be made
by which the merchant marine upon the Pacific
coast should have the use of this dry-dock; but as
to the best mode of accomplish ng that object, there
may well be a diiferenceof opinion. 1 can readily
perceive, that if the amendment be adopted, with-
out any additional restriction or guards thrown
around it, the person who obtains the contract
may use the dock given to him in such a manner
as to oppress one class of ship-owners at the ex-
pense of another. He may refuse the use of the
dock to some ship-owners upon the Pacific for the
purpose of repairing their vessels. He may be
bribed to pursue that course by other extensive
ship-owners. I mean that that course can be
adopted if there be no restrictions placed upon the
contractor—if there be no limits fixed upon the
charges to be levied upon the vessels using that
dry-dock. I think that in the adoption of any
regulation upon this subject, there -ought to be
! some-limitation fixed upon the power of the con-
' tractor.
The same objection that would arise to letting
the contract outto the highest bidder, would apply
with equal force to the form prescribed in the old
law; for that law provided that a contract should
be made, with the original contractors of the dry-
dock, for keeping it in this way. Now, the Seri-
ate will readily perceive that that power might be
abused by the contractors—that those who have
obtained this contract from the General Govern-
ment for the use of the dry-dock might use that
power in such a way as to oppress one portion of
the merchant service, and favor another portion.
I should therefore have preferred, myself, that a
question of this importance should have been ma-
turely considered before it was brought before
the Senate. I was not aware, until the amend-
ment was offered to-day, that it was the intenton
of the Senator from Pennsylvania to submit
it. 1 would rely much upon the superior judg-
ment of those who are more familiar with these
subjects than I am. Doing so, I shall vote for this
amendment; but, at the same time, I must confess
that there are not those restrictions thrown around
it, which, in my judgment, would be necessary,
in order to prevent an abuse of power on the part
of the contractors.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, this dock, it is
said, is larger than is necessary fur the use of the
Government. I dare say it will turn out to be
true. This is what is called a " sectional dock."
I have never seen one of those structures called a
sectional dock; but if I have a right understand-
ing of them, they are built m sections which are
separate: and consequently sections that are capa-
ble of being used separately. I think that it will
turn out, in the end, that here is dock enough to
be divided in such a way that one portion of it
can be appropriated to the civil marine, and the
other portion be appropriated to the use of the
Government, and that both branches of the ser-
vice can be accommodated by it—the Govern-
ment prescribing the terms upon which the portion
i devoted to the civil marine shall beemployed. I do
1 not think there is any very great difficulty m pre-
scribing terms that shall save the public from im-
position—for there are other modes of repairing
vessels which can be resorted to, which are well
known and understood, and which generally are
resorted to, if very extravagant terms are demand-
ed for the use of docks. If extravagant terms
are demanded, of course vessels, unless there is
need of great haste,, will go to the old mode of re-
pairing. But, I see no difficulty, if I understand
and comprehend this structure, m making some-
thing like the arrangement which I suggest—an
arrangement which shall both accommodate the
Government and the civil marine.
Now, I suppose it is very desirable for the civil
marine that this dock should be brought into
operation. Tt is very convenient for repairs, be-
cause it hastens that operation very much. A
Senator suggests that it cannot be used without a
pier. That there is a great deal of inconvenience
in using it without a pier I take to be true; but I
take it not to be true that it cannot be used with-
out a pier. I take it that these sections may be
taken into deep water, where they can be carried
under a ship, and, if proper care'and proper skill
is exercised, a vessel may be raised and carried
into dock without a pier. A pier, I admit, is
very convenient; but the very operation I have
described is now going on, I understand, at Ports-
mouth.
Mr. HALE. The dock at Portsmouth is a
floating, and not a sectional dock.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman says that dock
is a floating dock. I had supposed it was a sec-
tional one. But whether it is a sectional dock or
not, a ship of the line can be taken into it without
a pier; and that operation, I undeistand, is now
going on, or has been performed, at Poitsmouth.
I believe it has been done.
I take it, then, that there is no insuperable ob-
stacle to the use of this dock in the way which I
have suggested. But if the Senator from Califor-
nia does not think that this is necessary for the
port of San Francisco, I should be disinclined to
thrust it upon them. It seems to me, however,
that if you clothe the Secretary of the'Navy with
power to enter into the contract or not, as he sees
nt, and to enter into one "vyhieh shall cover and
protect properly all interests, there can be no par-
ticular objection whether it jis,-done now or on
some other occasion; but the sooner it is done it
seems to me the better.
There are, undoubtedly, many vessels visiting
California jfchat would be benefited -by this dock.
There are - many vessels belonging there that
would be greatly benefited by it. . There is a
large steam marine plying between California and
Panama, and other ports. It is not very conveni-
ent to lay down one of these steamers for repairs.
It is a difficult job, and the vessel is apt to be
injured by the process. Now, if they could have
the accommodation of a dock, I have no doubt it
would be very useful to them; and very conveni-'
ent to the public, as it would give great dispatch
to the making of repairs.
I have no great anxiety in regard to this meas-
ure; but it seems to me reasonable enough to sup-
pose, that the Government may, by a contract,
indemnify itself to some extent for th8 expense
of this work. But if, as I said before, the Senator
from California does not think it expedient, I
should not press the amendment.
Mr. CASS. Mr. 'President, it seems to me
that there is a very easy mode of obviating this
difficulty. It is clear that this dock might be put
to the uses which the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts has suggested. In the hands of
the contractors, unless guarded, they might put
very extravagant terms upon the vessels of the
commercial marine, and might foibid their going
in. Now, it seems* to me, that, if it is provided,
that this contract shall be made on terms that shall
he advantageous to the interests of the commer-
cial marine, as well as to the interests of the Uni-
ted States, for which the amendment already pro-
vides, it would be very well. With this simple
addition, the Secretary of the Navy would have the
whole power; and then we could hold him respon-
sible.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that the Senator
from Maine has such an amendment as that to
offer.
Mr. CASS. I am glad of it. It is idle for us
to sit here and regulate all the details with refer-
ence to this matter. We cannot understand all
the details with regard to the dry-dock in Califor-
nia. Let us refer them to the proper Department
to examine all the questions connected with the
matter. Let us put the amendment in such a
shape that it shall protect, not only the interests
of the United States, but also the interests of the
commcrcial marine; and not have the commercial
marine imposed upon by extravagant demands.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, by sub-
stituting for it the following:
That said (Jock may be used<or the purpose of repairing
merchant ships, when not in use by the Government, in
such manner, for such compensation, and upon such terms*
and conditions as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Navy.
Rlr. MASON. Mr. President, the amendment
offered by the Senator from Maine is one which has
pressed itself upon my mind, in considering this
question, as the true mode of disposing of the
subject. I take it for granted that it cannot be the
design of any Senator that a lease of Government
property should be placed in the hands of private
individuals for purposes of private speculation. I
will not agree, as one of the members of this body,
to part with this property at all; I will not agree
to place it in the hands of private individuals to be
used for any purpose whatever. Yet I am free to
admit, from all I have heard, that it may be very
desirable that merchant vessels shall have as free
a use of this dock as the exigencies of the mer-
chant service may require. I would, therefore,
suggest to the Senator from Pennsylvania that it
would be better to accept the proposition of the
Senator from Maine as a substitute for his own.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, on looking at
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, finds that it is ail amendment to an
amendment. It is an amendment to the amend-
ment already adopted with regard to the sectional
dock in California. The Senator from Maine can-
not, therefore, olTer an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Pennsylvania, for that
is already an amendment to an amendment. But
.if the proposition of the Senator from Pennsylva-
