2366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
It is important to know whether there is "an appropri-
ation made by law," for the payment of this claim. Itneed
not be a specific appropriation for the payment of this ident-
ical claim; but is there an appropriation on which this
claim is properly chargeable ?
The Comptroller is equally responsible with the Secre-
tary of the Treasury in deciding this question legally. By
law, they are checks on each other for the security of the
Treasury.
I shall differ with the Secretary of the Treasury with
great reluctance in any case, and I shall not do so until the
question presented shall be carefully examined, and the
correctness of my opinion shall be fully established after
full deliberation. The papers were referred to me by the
Secretary of the Treasury, in the early part of May, and
my opinion was asked, Whether an appropriation existed,
out of which this claim could be paid ?
That opinion was given in the negative, in two letters
addressed to the Secretary of the Treasury, one dated May
the 8th, and the other May the 10th, to which I refer you.
The opinion then given was informal and advisory; but I
am now called upon to act officially, and the opinion I give
is a decision of the matter so far as this office is concern-
ed.
The payment of this claim has been so long delayed, the
necessities of Mr. Taylor are so urgent, that it would have
greatly gratified me if I could have arrived at the conclu-
sion, that Congress had made an appropriation out of
which the amount found due by the accounting officers
could be paid; but, after a laborious search, believing that
no such appropriation exists, t proceed to state the grounds
for that conclusion:
A treaty was made with the Cherokees on the 29th day
of December, 183.), containing nineteen articles. The
thirteenth article embraces four classes of claims.
1st. Reservations under former treaties, if sold by the
United States, to be paid for by the United States.
2d. When such reservations have not been sold by the
Umtcd States, but the reservees have performed, as re-
quired by the treaty, then they are to be confirmed in their
title.
3d. All persons who were entitled to reservations under
the tieaty of 1817, and who, as far as practicable, in the
opinion of the commissioners, have complied with the stip-
ulations of said treaty, although, by the treaty of 1819, such
reservations were included in the unceded lands belonging
to the nation, were confirmed to them, and they were en-
titled to receive a grant for the same.
4th. Reservations which Cherokees were compelled to
abandon under State laws, the reservees were entitled to
receive pay from the United States.
The claim of David Taylor, amounting to $12,800, with-
out interest, was found due to him under the fourth head of
the thirteenth article, as specified above. Supplementary
articles to this tieaty of 29th of December, 1835, were exe-
cuted on the first day of March, 1836. By this last treaty
the rights to preemptions and reservations, provided tor by
the twelfth and thirteenth articles of the treaty of Decem-
ber 29th, 1835, were relinquished and declared void.
The reason for said relinquishment is set forth in the pre-
amble, as follows: "And whereas, the President of the
* United States has expressed his determination not to
* allow any preemptions or reservations, his desire being
' that the whole Cherokee people should remove together,
1 to establish themselves in the country provided for them
4 west of the Mississippi river."
We have seen that, under the second and third heads of
the thirteenih amcle, leservations in certain cases were to
be confirmed ; and it was, as to these reservations, the
President had determined the Cherokees should not have
any right to claim, because the confirmation of such reser-
vations would, necessarily, permit the Cherokees to remain
in the State where the reservations were situated, whereas,
it was the policy of the President to compel all the Chero-
kees to remove.
The first and fourth heads of the thirteenth article of the
treaty of December 29th, 1835, relate solely to the payment
of money in two classes of cases—the one where the reser-
vations had been sold by the United States, and the other
where the leservees had been compelled by the laws of the
States to abandon their reservations.
At the close of the thirteenth article of the treaty of 29th
of December, 163o, is the following stipulation :
" It is expressly understood by the parties to this treaty
s that the amount to be allowed for reservations under this
* article, shall not,be deducted out of the consideration
1 money allowed to'the Cherskees for their claims for spoli-
1 ations and the cessions of their lands ; but the same is to
1 be paid for, independently, by the United States, as it is
< only a j ust fulfillment of former treaty stipulations."
The second article of the supplementary treaty is as fol-
lows :
" Whereas, the Cherokee people have supposed that the
< sum of $5,000,000, fited by tlie Senate in then resolution
* of day of March, 1835, as the value of the Cherokee
< lands and possessions ea«t of the Mississippi river, was
< not intended to include the amount which maybe required
'to remove them, nor the value of certain claims which
' many of their people had against citizens of the United
1 States, which suggestion has been confirmed by the opin-
(ion expressed to the War Department by some of the Sen-
4 ators who voted upon the question. And whereas, the
1 President is willing that this subject should be referred to
1 the Senate for their consideration, and if it was not in-
{ tended by the Senate that the above-mentioned sum of
1 $5,000,00U should include the objects herein specified,
* that in that case such further provision should be made
' therefor as might appear to the Senate to b*1 just."
The third article that follows stipulates, that $600,000
shall be allowed in lieu of reservations and preemptions,
and of the sum of§3i)0,000 for spoliations, described m the
first aiticle of the treaty of December 29th, 1835.
I will now briefly copy the appropriations contained in
the act of July 2d, 1836, to carry into effect these treaties
with the Cherokees of l835-'36:
For lands ceded in the first article of the treaty of 1835,
deducting the price of land to be ceded under to them west
of the Mississippi, under the second article $4,500,000
For extinguishing title of certain half-breeds.. 15,000
For payment of improvements on missionary
reservations  25,000
For commutation of certain permanent annui-
ties  214,000
For compensation of two commissioners  11,680
For compensation to a secretary  3,650
For compensation to an interpreter  1,825
For advance of annuities  75,000
For removal of the Cherokees, and for spolia-
tions according to the third article of the supple-
mentary treaty of March 1st, 1836   600,000
For expenses attending the negotiation  37.212
Forsuiveying certain lands  7,OUO
$5,490,367
Neither appropriation is for paying a Cherokee who was
compelled to abandon his reservation or preemption under
State laws.
That is the claim of David Taylor, and from the very
character of the claim, its payment would not be provided
for in a specific appropriation before the amount of the
claim was ascertained. The commissioners to ascertain
the amount due to these clai mants were not then appointed.
Large sums of money having been drawn from the aggre
gate amount of tliese several appropriations to pay claims
for reservations, ascertained to be due, under the thirteenth
article of the treaty of 1835, and the Cherokee people being
dissatisfied therewith, it was agreed by the United States,
in the third article of the treaty of August 6th, 1846, that
they would repay the money so improperly charged upon
the Cherokee fund.
If any claim has been charged upon the balance of these
appropriations, since the 6th of August, 1846, of the char-
acter of the claim of David Taylor, it has been from inad-
vertence.
My attention has been invited to the payments made to
John Shoemaker, and wife, and heirs, and to the case of
John McNanv, and wife, and heirs, from the appropriations
of J uly 2,1836. A memorandum to that effect was handed to
me by Mr. Mix, chief clerk m the Bureau of Indian Affaiis.
The commissioners, in their first decrees, found due to
John Shoemaker, wife, and heirs, #7,680, that being the
amount, &c., for the value of a reservation under the thir-
teenth aiticle of the treaty of 1835-'36? and the third sup-
plemental article. This decree was afterwards amended
by inserting: "Said reservations being those for which a
grant would have issued, had not the said reservations been
abrogated by the preamble and first supplemental article."
The decree in the case of John McNany, and wife's heirs
for $6,400, was amended in the same manner.
By so amending the decrees, they were brought within
the second or third heads of the thirteenth article of the
treaty of 1835, and the third supplemental aiticle of the
treaty of 1836, and properly chargeable upon the appropri-
ation.
Although doubts seem to have existed as to whether the
commissioners viitually found a sum of money due to Mr.
Taylor, it seems now to be admitted that they legally
awarded to him $12,800, and that he applied for payment
on the 28th of February, 1846, of this award.
He has been importuning the Government to pay him this
award from that time to this. I exceedingly regret there is
no appropriation on which it is properly chargeable. It is
a case of so much hardship that I cannot doubt Congress
will readily and promptly act in the matter on the pre-
sentation of tlie facts by the Acting Secretary of the Treas-
ury.
There is a balance left of the appropriations of July 2d,
1836, and of June 12th, 1838, for the Cherokee people,
which will not be used for the purposes mentioned in the
acts, because other provisions have been made for the Cher-
okees under the treaty of August 6th, 1846.
If it should be the pleasure of Congress to pay this claim
from that balance, I presume it might be done by a simple
joint resolution, authorizing the Secretary of the Treasuiy
to pay the award from it. I cannot refrain from expressing
the hope he may obtain speedy relief.
Most sincerely, and respectfully, vours,
ELISHA WHITTLESEY.
The following is a letter from the Second Comp-
troller:
" Sir : In reply to a verbal inquiry made here this morn-
ing, m relation to the allowance of interest upon the claim
of David Taylor, as provided by the amendment of the
Senate to the appropriation bill, I have to say that interest
has not been allowed at the Treasury, so far as 1 can learn,
upon any similar claim under the same treaty. lam not
aivarc that any other claim has been presented, the circum-
stances of which would render the payment of interest
proper. But however this may be, it is regarded as a set-
tled principle that the accounting officers have no authority
to allow interest upon any claim against Government, ex-
cept where interest has been paid by the claimant in such
a manner as to become part of the principal of his demand.
And it was upon this ground that the allowance of interest
made by the Second Auditor in Taylor's case, was rejected
in this office, and a final allowance made of the principal
onlv, at tlie sum originally mentioned m the appropriation
bill".
" From a thorough investigation of this claim, however—
the circumstances of which are extraordinary—I have no
hesitation in strongly recommending to Congress the allow-
ance of the interest. The justice of the original demand is
undoubted, and the delay in its settlement unexampled and
ruinous. The claim for such compensation as would be
afforded by the interest is therefore, m my judgment, most
equitable.
" Very respectfully your obedient servant,
"E.J. PHELPS, Comptroller,
"Hon. Mr. Jones, House of Representatives."
I will say that this claim has been pending since
1836. Mr. Taylor has been pressing it for nine
or ten years, but has never been able to get the
money. During Mr. Polk's administration, the
Attorney General gave an opinion in his favor,
and Mr. Walker, the then Secretary of the Treas-
ury, ordered it to be paid; but before it was paid,
an individual who was then a Senator, but now
no longer here, as Mr. Taylor informs me, de-
manded $1,500 as his fee, and upon Mr. Taylor's
refusing to give it, he went to the Treasury and
prevented its payment. During the next Con-
gress, another individual, a member of General
Jackson's Cabinet, claimed a large fee, and upon
Mr. Taylor refusing to give it, he prevented its
payment. During the present session of Congress,
the claim was likely to be adjusted at the Treas-
ury, when an individual, a member of a Cabinet
two years since, claimed twenty per cent, as a fee.
Thei e was also a banking-house that claimed twenty
per cent, more as assignee for another attorney,
and another person still who claimed ten percent.
I then told Mr. Taylor, who had been here nine
or ten years, and was likely to starve to death, to
say that if there was any money in the Treasury
which was not claimed by any of these people, to
take it and go home. He made his application,
therefore, in that way, and prepared a warrant
for half the sum which would nave been paid;
but Mr. Whittlesey, on its presentation, was of
the opinion that there was no money in the Treas-
ury out of which it could be paid, and the matter
remains in that situatiou. Mr. Taylor is an illit-
erate man, and can neither read nor write. I have
no doubt his case would be adjudicated at the De-
partment but for these parties and litigants who
claim the money. They might, by filing a bill in
equity, force him to give security, or otherwise
give satisfaction for any just demand. I think if
gentlemen will examine the case, they will be sat-
isfied it is right.
Mr. CLINGMA.N then, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 wish to appeal to gentle-
men to dispense with debate as much as possible,
or we shall not be able to get through with all the
appropriation bills.
The question was then taken, and the commit-
tee agreed to concur in the original Senate amend-
ment.
The third amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows:
" Strike out in page nineteen, line two, the word ' ten,5
and insert in lieu thereof the woid ' two,' so that the section
win read:
" For permanent provision for the purchase of one thou-
sand pounds of tobacco, two thousand pounds of iron, and
one thousand pounds of steel, stipulated m the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of 33d of October, 18-2o, §770."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
The fourth amendment of the Senate was read,
viz:
"Page 17. Strike out after line fifteen to line twenty-
seven, as follows:
" For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third article of
the treaty of the 30th of September, 1809, $350: Prodded,
That the money appropriated by the three preceding clauses,
together with the similar appropriations m 1850, and 1851,
for the Eel Rivers, (Miamies,) heretofore withheld from
payment, shall be paid to said Eel Rivers (Miamies) only,
and to no other band, or nation, or individuals; and that all
annuities heretofore due, and appropriated to the Eel Rivers,
(Miamies,) and erroneously or otherwise paid to the Miami
nation, shall be repaid to the Eel Rivers, (Miamies,) out of
the money appropriated in 1851 and 1852 for payment of
annuities to said Miami nation , or, if the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs deem it more expedient and just to the In-
dians, shall be paid and is hereby appropriated out of the
Treasury of the United States, to be repaid to the United
States by being withheld from the Miami annuities, in surli
installments as the Commissioner may deem expedient"—
"and insert in heu thereof—
" For the redemption and final extinction of the annui-
ties due to the Eel River Miamies, under the provisions of
the treaties of August 3, 1795, August 91, 1805, and 30th
September, 1809, $-15,000, to be paid per capita: Provided,
That before paying the ."aid sum, or any pari thereof, to the
said Eel River Miamies, they shall relinquish, in sueh form
as the Secretary of the Interior shall direct, all claim and
demand on the United States for any furtherannuity orpay-
ment: Jlnd provided further, That it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of the Interior, before paying the said sum of
money, as above directed, to ascertain who are the indi-
viduals composing the said band, without regard to the
place of their residence, and to pay to the said individuals,
so ascertained, per capita, the sum of money herein before
appropriated."
Mr. FITCH. 1 move to amend by striking out
the latter proviso of the Senate's amendment.
That is a proviso declaring that two Eel River
women who have married Miamies, and have since
moved to Missouri, and become incorporated with
that nation, and draw annuities as Miamies, shall
