1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2367
likewise draw as Eel Rivers, and thus receive two
annuities. It is unjust.
But I moved to strike out this proviso more
particularly for the purpose of calling the attention
of the committee to the whole Senate amendment.
I hope the whole of it will be non-concurred in by
the House. Such is the recommendation of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and such is the
course which the plain dictates of justice would
Soint out. The money has been paid out of the
rational Treasury year after year, but has been
paid to the wrong nation; and the Committee on
Indian Affairs propose that that nation shall reim-
burse the Treasury, and that it shall be paid to the
right band. We do not propose to look solely to i
the Treasury to reimburse the Eel River Indians for '
the annuities which they have not received, but to !
look totheMiami nation, to whom those annuities 1
have erroneously been paid. We propose that it
should be paid back to the Government out of
their annuities.
And further, this amendment of the Senate pro-
vides that the Eel River Indians shall not have
their money until they will consent, as a condi-
tion, to release the United States from all further
claim upon them—claims based upon treaties by
which we have solemnly obligated ourselves to
pay to them forever a certain annuity amounting
to $1,100; but it is now proposed in this summary
manner to wipe these treaties out of existence—to
repudiate our plighted faith, to deny to these par-
ties what, if they were private individuals, they
could recover in a court of justice. We acknowl-
edge their existence. The Department acknowl-
edges it; and the treaties cannot be denied; yet we
propose to withhold from them the money we have
agreed to pay them, in utter violation of our treaty
obligations. I sincerely hope the whole Senate
amendment will be non-concurred in. The origi-
nal section of the bill was a just one, and covered
the entire ground. I think the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will interpose no
serious objection to this course; indeed, I believe,
he coincides with me.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question then recurred upon agreeing to the
Senate amendment; and, being taken, the com-
mittee refused to concur—ayes 30, noes not count-
ed.
The fifth amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
(e Strike out the following section of the bill:
" For additional compensation for the sale of their lands
in the State of Wisconsin, by the treaty of October 18th,
1848, .$221,840; the same to he paid in such sums and at
such times, with the approbation of said nation, as the
President may think most conducive to their prosperity and
happiness,"—
" and insert in lieu thereof—
" For expenses of their temporary removal, and provisions
for their present location to thedistnet of country on the
Wolf and Oconto rivers, designated in the report of Super-
intendent Murray to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
datedd September 30,1851, $25,000. 
Mr. FITCH. I move to increase the appro-
priation to $50,000. The Senate have substituted
this amendment for an amendment adopted by the
House to pay theMenomonee Indians $221,000
for the difference between the land we paid them
and the land we obtained of them. We obtained
of them by treaty 5,000,000 acres; but they were
induced, under coercion and fear, to accept pay for
only 3,000,000 acres, leavingunpaid for 2,000,000 i
acres, for which we now justly owe them. The '
commissioner who treated with them was in-
structed to allow them a certain price for all he
purchased. He did not do it. We propose to
ratify his wrong or error; but the Senate have
stricken out this provision, and have inserted one
for paying §25,000 for their removal to the Wolf
and Oconto rivers. That amount will scarcely re-
move them—leaving them nothing to subsist upon
subsequently. I hope the Senate amendment will
not be concurred in. The original provision was
well guarded. Itis madenot only with the concur-
rence of the Bureau of Indian Affairs, but with
the concurrence of the Secretary of the Interior
and of the President. The matter has been well in-
vestigated, and I think the money ought to he paid, i
Then why the necessity of substituting anything j
else for it? I wish to add, in speaking of this ;
Senate amendment, that the objections urged to j
the House amendment is perfectly futile. Their j
objection to the interest of a member of Congress [
in this claim, is utterly without foundation; and
yet upon this false issue was this amendment re-
jected, and upon no such issue am I disposed to
have it rejected; and I hope the entire amendment
of the Senate will be non-concurred in by the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken
in saying that the Senate rejected the amendment
because of the fact that an agent was to get one
third of the amount.
Mr. FITCH. I cannot be mistaken when told
so, by an individual Senator.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what an indi-
dual Senator may have told him. I speak from
the debates of the Senate as I read them; and I
know the gentleman will agree with me that the
main and substantial points of objection to this
amendment were entirely different from that.
These were matters which came in the course of
debate, and they have nothing to do with the
proposition here; but as Senate objections have
been urged to-day upon other matters, 1 think I
am justified in saying that upon this proposition,
at least, the Senate were unanimous, as I un-
derstand, in striking it out, after a very full and
thorough investigation and examination. I un-
derstand that the Indian committee of that body,
as well as the body itself, determined against this
amendment, with but one solitary exception I be-
lieve, and he did not choose to ask a vote upon it.
I hope, therefore, that the House will concur with
the Senate, and lay this large and important amend-
ment over for discussion at a time when we shall
have more leisure.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
The question then being upon concurring with
the Senate amendment, it was put and decided in
the affirmative.
The sixth amendment of the Senate was then
read, as follows:
" For the Omaha Indians, $25,000—$5,000 thereof to be
expended annually under the direction of the President lor
the relief and improvement of said Indians."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The seventh amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
11 Sioux of the Mississippi.
" For fulfilling treaties with the Sioux of the Mississippi,
to wit:
" For payment to the chicfs of the See-see-tonaand Wah-
pay-toan bands of the Dakota or Sioux Indians, to enable
them to settle their affairs, and comply with their present
just engagements, for expenses of the removal of the said
bands from the lands ceded, and for subsistence of them-
selves for one year thereafter, per first clause of the fouith
article of treaty of 23d of July, 1851, ratified by the Senate
of the United States on the 23d of June, 1852, $275,000.
u For tins amount, to be laid out under the direction of
the President, for the establishment of manual labor schools,
the erection of mills and blacksmith shops, opening farm?,
fencing and bieakmg land, and for such other beneficial ob-
jects as may be deemed most conducive to the prosperity
and happiness of said Indians, per second clause of the
same article and treaty, ft30,0u0.
" For interest, at the rate of five per centum., on the sum
of $1,360,000, per same article and treaty, £68,000.
" For mteiest, at the rate of hve per centum, on the sum
of $112,000, to be added to the trust tur.d provided for in the
fouith article, being the amount allowed in lieu of the
leservation setapartin the third article, containing 1,120,000
acres, at ten cents per acre, per Senate'* amendment to
the aforesaid treaty, $5,600.
" For pa> ment to the chiefs of the Med-av-wa-kan-toan
and Wah-pay-koo-tah bands of the Dakota or Sioux In-
dians, to enable them to settle their affairs, and to comply
with their present ju t engagements*, for expenses of re-
moval of the said Indians from the lands ceded, and for
{subsistence lor themselves for one year thereafter, per fiist
clau.-eof fourth article of tieatj of 5th August, 1851, latified
by the Senate of the United States, on the 23d June, 1852,
$•>20,000.
" For this amount to be laid out under theduection of the
President, for the establishment of manual labor schools, the
erection of mills and blacksmith shops, opening faims,
fencing and breaking land, and lor such other beneficial ob-
jects as may be detuned most conducive to the prosperity
and happiness of said Indians, per second clause of the
same article and treaty, $30,000.
" For interest, at the rate of five per centum, on the sum
of $1,160,000 per same clause, article, and treaty, $58,000.
" For interest, at the rate ot five per centum, on the sum
of $69,000, to be added to the trust tund provided for in the
fourth article, being the amount allowed in heu of the reser-
vation ot land set apart by the third article of the treaty,
containing 090,000 acres, at ten cents per acre, per Senate's
amendment to the aforesaid treaty, $3,450.
il Provided, That no portion of the money appropriated for
the purposes aforesaid shall be applied until said Indians
shall express their assent to the treaty as amended by the
Senate."
The question was taken, and the amendment
was concurred in.
The eighth amendment of the Senate was to
strike out the following clause:
" For the payment to the Shawnees of moneys due thetn
under and by virtue of the treaties of the 7th of November,
1825, and 8th of August, 1831, between the United States
and the two divisions of said tribe of Indians, the same being
the net balance received into the Treasury for the sale of
their lands in Ohio, $66,246 23: Provided, however, That
said tribe of Indians shall first express their assent that the
payment of the above sum shall be made equally to the
whole tribe, rather than to either division thereof."
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will say to
the House, as I have said before, that the Senate
are almost unanimous in concurring in the fact
that the money is due; and the only question is as
to how it shall be paid. I ask that the House
will not concur in the action of the Senate, for
they fell into a complete trap themselves.
Mr. HALL. Do they acknowledge the corn ?
Mr. JOHNSON. They acknowledge the corn,
and I hope we shall non-concur in their action,
and leave it to a committee of conference, when
the matter can be settled as it ought to be.
The question was then taken upon concurring
with the action of the Senate in striking out the
clause, and it was decided in the negative.
The next amendment of the Senate was to in-
sert after the words " per annum"inthe follow-
ing clause, the words in italics:
" For pavment to the heirs of C>rus Choice the balance
due for services tendered by htm as acting Indian agent in
New Mexico, from the 9th of December, 1849, to the 14th
of September, 1850, at the rate of $1,550 per annum,"after
deducting the sum of fifty dollars heretofore paid to said
Cyrus Choice, " 1,137 76."
Mr. HOUSTON. That amendment is to re-
duce the sum in our appropriation to Cyrus
Choice $50. We appropriated a certain amount
of money to the Superintendent of Indian Affairs
in New Mexico, without deducting the amount
which had been paid to him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That Senate
amendment is all right.
Thequestion was taken, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate compre-
hended the insertion of the following clauses:
" For compensation to three special agents and four in-
terpreters for the Indian tribes of Texas, and for the pur-
chase of presents, $15,000.
" For presents to the Camanches and Kiawas, and other
Indians on the Arkan«a«; river, and to enable the Pres-idcnt
to treat with said Indians, $20,000.
" For defraying expeiwesiincident to the visit of the Pue-
blo Indians, and their attendants, from New Mexico to
Washington, and to defray their expenses to their homes,
the sum of$7,500.
" For general objects incident to Indian service in New
Mexico, $20,000.
" For expenses of running and marking the eastern
boundary line of the Creek country, went of Arkansas,
$7,990.
Ci For payment to .Tames W. Marsh, to cover the loss of
his propeity destroyed by a band of Sioux Indians m the
month of July, 1849, while extending ' the second connec-
tion line ' of the public suiveys m the State of Iowa to the
Missouri river, under contract with C. H. Booth, Surveyor
General of the United State*, $1,200.
" For expenses of the California Superintcndency, to wit:
Salary of the Superintendent $4,000
Salary of clerk to the Superintendent  2,500
Office-rent, stationery, fuel, lights, and postage on
official letters 3,500
Messengers 2,500
Interpreters  3,000
Contingent expenses, including the traveling expen-
ses of agent* in their districts 12,500
" For the preservation of peace with those Indians who
have been dispossessed of their lands in California, until
permanent arrangement* be made for their future settle-
ment, the sum of $100,000: Provided, That nothing heiein
contained shall be so construed as to imply obligation on
the part of the United States to feed and support the Indians
who have been dispossessed of their lands m California."
The question was then taken on concurring in
the several clauses above inserted, and they were
concurred in, with exception of the following,
which was non-concurred in, viz:
" Contingent expenses, including the traveling expenses
of agents in their districts, $12,500."
The Clerk next read the following clause under
the head of expenses of California Superintend-
ency:
• "Traveling expenses of the Superintendent and the ne-
cessary attendants on visits of inspection, including the
purchase of animals and camp equipage, $5,000 "
Mr. HOUSTON. In that amendment the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means non-concur. It pro-
vides for the expenses of a cavalcade of the Su-
perintendent there, and should not be adopted.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The following amendments under head of Cali-
