1504
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 28.
civil marine, and perhaps that argument was more
influential in carrying the bill than any other; for
the Government had very few ships m the Pacific
ocean that required repairs there. The clause to
which allusion has been made by my friend from
lV£aine, was ingrafted upon that bill, and the power
now exists, at this moment, by virtue of that law,
to do just precisely what this amendment proposes
to carry out a little more in detail. That power,
that authority, is now claimed by the Secretary of
the Navy. * , , .
Mr. STOCKTON. I was not aware of that
feet. I therefore withdraw my opposition to the
amendment, because this will be the best thing that
can be done to remedy the matter. I was not
aware of the existing law.
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to add, that I felt
sorite objection to it at the time it was passed. I
think now that we are committed to this policy,
and being committed to it, we are bound in good
faith to carry it out; and that is the reason I shall
vote for the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment offered by Mr. Hamlin, resulted
yeas 35, nays 5, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adam?, Borland, Bradbury, Bright,
Brodhead, Brooke, Cass, Chase, Cooper, Davis, De Saus-
sme, Dodge of Wisconsin, Downs, Fetch, Fisli, Foot,
Geyer, Dale, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, Kii>jr,MiMer,Nor
ris, Sebastian, Seward, Shields, Smith, SouU, Spruanee,
Stockton, Sumner, Upliam, Wade, aud Welter—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Dawson, Mangum, and
Busk—5.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I have an amendment which
I wish to offer. It is one which I offered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, early in the discussion of this
bill, and at the suggestion of Senators I then with-
drew it temporarily. I now renew the amend-
ment. It is to insert;
That the selection of newspapers for the publication of
the laws of the United States sh.ill, alter the passage of this
act, be made by the Seeietary of State, an follows • I lie
number sdccted shaH he ono in eaHi Congie^ional <lwtnet
in each Rtate, one m each Territory, and lout in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. And the preference shall l>c given, in
all ca«es, to the papeis which, at the tune of selection, shall
have in the States or Territories respectively in which they
are printed, the hujrest number of weekly subscriber; and
to tho^o m the District of Columbiawhieh shall have at the.
time of selection, the lamest number of weekly siibsmlioia
in the United States; the amount of such number of sub-
scribe)* to be ascertained by the affidavit of the publishers
respectively, and by *uoU additional evidence as maybe
requisite to establish tho facts in each onse to the satisfac-
tion of the postmaster at whose nfflee such papers respect-
ively commence their circulation.
Jul he it further enacted, That wIkmi it <ha)l be neces-
sary to puiiU^h any public adv( rti--?iiuiuts, exceptadveitise-
ment« of letters in any State, thev ^hall be published in the
two papers m said State having the lamest number of sub-
*crib«w4iw provided in the preeeiiu;e section ot this act, lor
the publication of the laws, the amount of circulation to he
ascertained in the j-ame manner as provided in the preced-
ing section aloresatd.
And be it fu,thcr r.nactcd, TU.it said public advertise-
ments! shall be publt.-hed in the m-wspnpeis havMni; the pub-
lication ol tiie laws as atbies.i'd in the ])i ti n-t uf <-ohimtna,
aud in the papeis having the publication of .-aid laws uithe
Territories, when and as ottou ad may be deemed neces-
Jlitd be it further enacted, That as soon as may he after
the passage of this art, and at the foeginmugof the fust ses-
sion of everv succeeding ('ongre^s, a copy of tin* list of
newspapeis selected, acooidiiic to the terms of this act, tor
the publication of the laws ot the United btate-j, shall be
communicated by the Sucretaiv of State to the head-! 01 the
several Executive Departments, and to the Senate and
House of Kepiesentntives respectively-
JtnJ l>eil furtho cnncteit, Tlial the President shall cause
to be communicated to the Senate and House of Represent-
atives annually a list or all newspaper-, mat shall luive pub-
lished by authoiitv, durms the next pi ecedins! year any ad-
vertisement as aforesaid, with the names ol the publishers,
the place of publication, the natine of the work performed,
and the amount paid to each publisher.
Jlnd he it further enacted, That all acts and parts of acts
inconsistent with this act be, and they are hereby, repealed.
The Senate will recollect that at a very early
period of the debate I withdrew it at the sugges-
tion of Senators, that it would be better to offer it
at a later period.
Mr. BADGER. It can be offered on someone
of the genera! appropriation bills.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask my friend from Ar-
kansas if it would not satisfy him better to have
this inserted in one of the general appropriation
bills? I hope he will withdraw the amendment.
We are anxious to order the bill to its third read-
ing to-day.
Mr. BORLAND. This cannot be called a de-
ficiency, but it regulates the use of an appropri-
ation, which is made in the bill to supply a defi-
ciency .
Mr. HALE. It is a sufficiency, and we will go
for it by-and-by.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not raise any question
of order; but I would suggest to my friend from
Arkansas that it would be better to bring this in
in one of the general appropriation bills.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator can offer it
to any of these bills.
Mr. HUNTER. That being the case, I hope
he will now withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I am not particularly de-
sirous to press the amendment now, but there are
otherSenators who desire particularly that 1 should
do so. .1 offer it not only in accordance with what
I believe to be right, but because I know it is de-
sired and expected by others, at whose suggestion
I withdrew it originally. I renew it in accord-
ance with the promise I then made; and it is sim-
ply for the Senate to say whether they will adopt
it or not.
Mr. MANGUM. I believe 'this amendment
was withdrawn on a former occasion principally
at my suggestion. I have turned my attention
somewhat to it, and I think that with some modi-
fications, it is a measure that ought to be adopted.
If it would not weary the Senate with sitting too
long, I would prefer that it should be done now.
But, there being plenty of time, I am willing, as
far as I am concerned, not to stand in the way of
the withdrawal of the amendment, if other gentle-
men desire its withdrawal. I think, however, its
object is desirable, and, with a few modifications,
the amendment will meet with rny approbation.
Mr. BORLAND. The Senator from North
Carolina is right, in saying that it was mainly at
his suggestion that I withdrew the proposition be-
fore; and, with his consent now, I will withdraw
it again.
No further amendment being offered, the amend-
ments which were adopted were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a thiid time.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Hays, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed the bill from the
Senate, " granting the right of way to the State of
Missouri, and a portion of the public land, to aid
in the construction of certain railroads ill said
State," with an amendment, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
NAUTICAL ALMANAC.
Mr. HALE. I ask the consent of the Senate
to take up a resolution of inquiry, which I laid on
the table some time since, in regard to the Nautical
Almanac, and which the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, m his remarks to-day, supposed
had been passed. Itis asimple resolution, calling
for information which we want in order to guide
our action. I move to postpone the prior orders,
for the purpose of taking up that resolution.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 13, noes 23.
On motion, the Senate adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, May 28, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the unfinished business of
yesterday, being Senate bill No. 3, granting the
right of way to the State of Missouri, and a portion
of the public lands, to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Hannibal to St. Joseph, in said State.
A motion is pending to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands, upon which the pre-
vious question lias been demanded.
Mr. WALSH. I ask the unanimous consent
of "the House to make a report from the Commit-
tee on Commerce. It is simply to admit a vessel
to registry which is lying in the harbor at Balti-
more", almost to the destruction of the interest of
a poor man.
Mr. HALL. 1 ask the gentleman from Mary-
land to modify his motion, so that it shall be dis-
posed of before the commencement of the morning
hour.
Mr. WALSH. I will so modify it.
Mr. Mc.MULLIN. Before the House proceed
to any business, I rise to inquire whether the
Journal of the proceedings of yesterday is as full
as it should be. I desire to inquire of the Speaker
whether if is usual, when a motion is submitted to
the House asking leave to introduce a bill of which
previous notice had been given,, and objection is
made, as was the case yesterday, in regard to the
mileage bill, for such motion to appear on the
Journal?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Such motions
never appear upon the Journal, for the reason—
and the gentleman will see the point—that it was
not in order for the gentleman to malfe the motion.
It was simply an appeal to the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. Very well. I only asked
for my own information.
There being no objection,
Mr. WALSH then, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from' the Committee on Commerce, a bill
to change the name of an American-built vessel,
named Amelia, and to grant a register in her new
name, which was read a first and second time by
ils title. . , ,
Mr. WALSH. I move that the bill be put
upon its passage.
I The bill was read through by the Clerk, and
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and
having been engrossed, it was read the third time
and passed.
On motion by Mr. FLORENCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis in the case of
P.irah Peacock, piaymjr for lemnneiation from the united
States for looses sustained in the Seminole war ot 1836, be
withdrawn from the fife* ot the Flouse and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. GORMAN. Some weeks ago a bill was
introduced from the Committee on Public Lands
in regard to a deficiency in the public lands here-
tofore granted to the State of Indiana, which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
A motion was made to reconsider that vote on the
reference. I now desire to know whether that
motion will take piecedence, as the first business
in order, if it be called up?
The SPEAKER. Not until the morning hour
has expired, it being excluded by the special
order until that time.
MISSOURI RAILROAD BILL.
The SPEAKER. The question now before the
House is upon seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question upon the motion to recommit Sen-
ate bill No. 43—the Missouri railroad bill—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HALL. I desire to withdraw the motion
to recommit the bill.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it is competent for the gentleman from Missouri
to withdraw the motion to recommit during the
pendency of the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HIBBATID. The previous question was
called by the gentleman from Missouri upon his
motion to recommit, and the fact ot the gentle-
man having withdrawn the motion to recommit,
carries with it the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the gentleman from Missouri could withdraw the
motion to recommit, unless he first withdrew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
if, when the gentleman from Missouri withdrew
the motion to recommit, the Chair did not state
that the motion was withdrawn, and recognize the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard ?]
1 submit that he could not withdraw it regularly
while the demand for the previous question was
pending; but that when it was withdrawn, it car-
ried with it the demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The statement of the gentle-
man from Tennessee is correct, except in this;
The Chair did not state that the gentleman from
Missouri had the right to withdraw the motion to
recommit; but, on the contrary, he was stating to
the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hib-
bard] that the gentleman had no such right until
he had withdrawn the demand for the previous
question, when he was interrupted by the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr; STEPHENS, of Georgia. Suppose the
gentleman from Missouri had moved to recommit,
and suppose I had demanded the previous ques-
tion, my demand is not upon his motion to recom-
mit simply, but upon the whole bill. Now* if the
