THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, AUGUST 28, 1852.
New Series....No. 349.
They have repeatedly set aside funds for educa-
tional and other special purposes, and in their
councils their chiefs and headmen have requested
the agents to lay aside a certain amount for such
purposes. Unless we insert a provision of this
kind, we compel the payment of this money in
small sums to each individual, notwithstanding
their wish to the contrary. If there is no treaty
obligation to jay it aside, the agents will be com-
pelled to pay it per capita, and defeat the laudable
design of the Indians m creating the fund.
Mr. SWEETSER. Is it in order to move an
amendment to an amendment which has been
adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is an amendment to the
section as amended, and the Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. FITCH. There are other questions to
which I wish to call the attention of the commit-
tee. For instance, the Clioctawsare in theieceipt
of annuities, one of $3,000, and another of $600.
They numbersome 12,000 people. Do you cfesire
the agents to go through the farce of portioning
out this money in sums of a fraction of a cent per
head ? You compel them to do it by this amend-
ment. The whole section, though laudable in its
object, will be evil in its effect. We should be
cautious in legislating upon matters of importance
in ignorance of the effect of our action. Gentle-
men who move and support amendments of such
character, should understand all their bearings be-
fore they attempt to force them to become the legal
acts of the country. I trust that gentlemen will
shape this matter in a form different from that it
now possesses, or not adopt it. We should not
desire payments per capita, of sums which the In-
dians have requested to beset aside, in council,
for special purposes. They do not wish such
sums to be thus diverted. Why not permit their
wishes to prevail ?
Mr. JOHNSON,of Arkansas. I wish to make
a single statement to the House.
Mr. ORR. Does the gentleman oppose the
amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do. I wish to make a calm
statement to the House. If I am wrong, I hope
I shall not prevail. If I make it clear that I am
right, and every one can see it, then I think gen-
tlemen will not accept that provision placed there
by the Senate. We will take, for instance, the
effect of that upon along-established policy of this
Government in regard to the Indians, which is this: ,
that when they have committed depredations—I
am opposed to amending this in any way at all 1
for the purpose of bringing it to a direct vote— !
that their annuities shall be made liable to pay the 1
damages. i
What will be the effect of this section ? To re- I
peal that act so far as it makes the Indian annu- I
ities liable for the depredations that the Indians ;
commit, and the wrongs that they do, and to com- j
pel the Government of the United States to pay i
for any depredations that may be committed. The i
Cherokees are highly civilized. They punish ;
crime and enforce contracts as well as any white
nation. They have their appi*opriations fixed on
the arrival of their annuities, on which they are '
now issuing scrip, the value of which depends ■
upon the regularity of our appropriations. 1
Mr. FITCH. I desire to modify my amend- !
ment, by inserting in lieu of the words "usages 1
of the Deportment," the words "rules and regu- 1
lations of the Department." |
The question was then taken on Mr. Fitch's !
amendment, and it was not agreed to. !
Mr. HALL. I move to amend the amendment, ,
by adding to it the words " except when in the j
opinion of the President of the United States it ;
may be proper to pay the money in some other |
way." f _ j
Mr. Chairman, I am a little surprised at the re- j
marks made by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. j
Fitch,] with reference to the friends of the amend- j
ment of the Senate. That gentleman must know j
that only a few years ago all the Indian annuities j
were paid according to the directions of the chiefs,
and that the Congress of the United States found :
149
that under that mode of payment the Indians were
so imposed upon that we passed an act, the gen-
eral effect of which was to require these moneys
to be paid to the Indians per capita. Since then
the beneficial effects of that act have been admitted
by everybody. Now, almost every Indian agent,
and the Superintendent of Indian Affairs, in my
own State, protest against the Government of the
United States paying these moneys even to claim
\ agents. They insist that these moneys, when
| appropriated, shall go, as far as the treaty stipu-
j lations^will admit, and the Indian intercourse law,
directly to the Indians per capita.
j But, say the gentlemen from Arkansas and In-
| diana, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, if
i these provisions are passed, the Indian intercourse
i law will be repealed. Now, with all due defer-
! ence, I say that such is not the fact. This amend-
j ment only relates to the particular moneys appro-
priated in this bill, and I am not aware of a single
claim against these Indians for depredations; not
one. If depredations be committed by these In-
dians, the Indian intercourse law will still be en-
forced, and those depredations may be saved out
of the annuities due to the Indians. The Indian
intercourse law will not be affected at all by the
passage of this amendment, for the very reason
which I have stated, that 1 have no knowledge of
any claim for depredations against these Indians.
That argument, then, of the gentleman is a mere
bugbear, set up, it appears to me, without any
good foundation; the only effect it can have will
be to frighten us out of doing what I believe our
duty to the Indians requires us to do.
But, say the gentlemen, if it is passed, what
becomes of the appropriations fur educational or
agricultural purposes? Why, still the appropria-
tion for educational and agricultural purposes may
be taken, as at present, from the annuities. The
small amounts provided for m this bill, which
were, in general, extraordinary appropriations,
may properly be paid to the Indians ptr capita.
The annuities may be paid to the Indians per cap-
ita, except where the President of the United
States may otherwise direct.
Mr. ORR. I am opposed to the amendment
of the gentleman from Missouri, although I was
very much gratified to hear the opinion that he
expressed with reference to the Senate's amend-
ment, and the one which I had the honor to intro- I
duce. My purpose now, however, is to notice '
very briefly, the very extraordinary speech of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch.] The gen- ,
deman spoke of his regret at seeing those who '
are ignorant upon these subjects attempting  '
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from South j
Carolina is aware of the rules of debate, and must ;
confine his remarks to the amendment of the gen- '
tleman from Missouri.
Mr. FITCH. I hope the gentleman will be 1
allowed to proceed. j
Mr. ORR. I expect to apply my remarks to i
that amendment. The gentleman from Indiana ;
regretted very much to see such an exhibition. 1
Well, sir, living east of the Blue Ridge, I do not
profess to have any great knowledge of the Indian
character or of Indian intercourse; but since I have !
been a member of this House, I have seen enough 1
of the impositions practiced by agents upon that ,
class in this country, to induce me, from consid- 1
erations of humanity and philanthropy, to raise
whatever barriers I can between the Indians and
the attorneys, who are fleecingthem and enriching
themselves. i
But the gentleman makes pretensions to great j
intelligence. Now, I have heard that honorable
gentleman on more occasions than one, discours-
ing very learnedly and eloquently upon Indian
affairs; and whilst I would not choose to reflect  
upon him any more than he has upon me, I desire j
to say that I have never yet received from that gen-
tleman a single clearly-defined ideaupon the subject
of our Indian relations. It is a grave charge which
the gentleman makes—ignorance. Where does
it apply, and to whom ? The Senate of the Uni-
ted States have adopted the amendment. Their
Committee on Indian Affairs in the first place rec-
ommended it, the Senate adopted it, and from in-
dications here, a majority of the House are in
favor of it; and yet, we are to be arraigned by
the intelligent gentleman from Indiana, for our
ignorance. Well, sir, it may be so, but I must
confess that if taking care of those who are unable
to take care of themselves is an evidence of soft-
ness or greenness, I acknowledge to the charge,
and 1 trust that the charge may always be made
against me. When people who are unable to take
care of themselves come within my charge as a
legislator, I shall never fail to render to them what-
ever assistance lies within my power. Why,
there is scarcely a claim that passes here but what
the agent receives a large proportion—one third,
in many instances, or one half of the whole sum
appropriated.
The gentleman himself has referred to a charge
made on the floor of the Senate, that one of the
members of this House was to receive a large sum
out of one of the appiopnations that we ouiselves
passed in this bill. Now, when such charges as
that are made, not only againstagents, but against
members of the House of Representatives, I am
willing to go pven further than the amendment
which the Senate have adopted; I would be will-
ing to say that members of Congress shall not be
allowed to have an interest in such claims.
Mr. HALL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. VENABLE. \ renew the amendment of
the gentleman from Missouri, and desire to say a
few words. I shall not, occupy my five minutes.
I think the amendment of the gentleman from
Missouri a very sensible one. 1 believe that the
amendment of the Senate with the amendment of
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
and the amendment which was suggested by the
gentleman from Missouri, will completely protect
the Indians fiom the grossest outrages that ever
have been committed upon a poor, oppressed, and
downtrodden people.
In the five years that I have been a member of
this Congress, claim agents have stood around like
buzzards around the carcass of a dead horse.
Whenever a poor Indian gets a claim allowed him
they pounce down upon him, and one fourth, one
half, orfkwo thirds of the money falls into the
hands of these men, who profess to be his friends
and agents. They have even filed caveats.
I heard of a case the other day in which a claim
agent in this city filed his caveat with the Depart-
ment, and a portion of the claim was withheld for
his fee. The poor Indian comes here with a just
chum against the Government. lie falls into the
hands of a set of borers and cln,m agents, and
when at last tardy justice is done him, and his'claim
is allowed, these claim agents pounce down upon
him, fix their talons in him, and carry off two
thirds of the money, leaving him the skin and
bones, teeth and toe-nails.
Sir, we ought to protect the poor Indian. We
know he is a savage. We know he is improvi-
dent. We profess to be a Christian people and
iiis guardians, und yet we place him in a position
that when we pay him th«t which h<  is entitled to
under our treaty, itali falls into the 'lands of those
who hangaround him, and r"b himofall fhoGov-
ernment has given him.
Mr. FITCH, i am opposed to the amend mem
of the gendemnn from North Carolina. The gen-
tleman from South Carolina need not have been
so sensitive. There was no necessity of his con-
fessing to verdancy—we have a tecord. But my
charge of ignorance to whic/n he excepts, was not
specially designed for him by any means, nor for
the House, nor yet for the Senate. If for indi-
vidual members of hoth, neither propiicty ror the
rules will permit me to Incate it.
An amendment of such a sweeping character as
this may be, and in this instance we know it will
be, productive of seriously injurious effects—effects
which will be charged to carelessness or ignorance;
and neither should be permitted to control legisla-
tion. With all due respect to my friend from
South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] a concentration of
the mind upon one idea or subject, is often pro-
ductive of injury in other matters by rendering us
