1506
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
May 28,
The question was then taken; and there were
yeas 103, nays 82; as follows:
YJBA3—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles-Allen, Willis
Allen, William Appleton, Barrere,Be!l, Bibighausl Bowne,
Brenton, Briggs, A. G. Brown,**. H. Brown, Burrows,
Bu*bv. E. C. Cabell, L. D. Campbell, Thompson Camp-
bell Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cobb, Conger, Cottman,
Curtis George T. Davis, John G. Davis, Disney, Duncan,
Burke'e, Eastman, Edgerton, Evans, Ficklin, Fitch, Flor-
ence Fowler, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Giddings, Gilmore, Goodrich, Gorman, Grey, Hall,
Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hebard, Hendricks,
Henn, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, John Johnson, Robert
W. Johnson, J. Grlancy Jones, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry,
Lockhayt, Mace, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McDonald, McNair, Miller, Molony, H. D. Moore,
John Moore, Morrison, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker,
Penn. Penniman, Phelps, Rantoul, Richardson, Sackett,
Scudder, Scurry, Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Ahr'm P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton, Strother,
Stuart, Taylor, Thurston, Townshend, Wallnidi^e, Wul&h,
Ward, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addison White, Alexan-
der White, and Williams—103.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Averett, Babcock, Da-
vid J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Beale, ftocoek, John H.
Boyd, Bragg, Breckinridge, Buell.Caldwell, Ca-kie, Chas-
tain, Churchwell, Cleveland, Clingman, Coleock, Daniel,
Dawson, Dean, Dockery, Edmundson, Ewin«, Faulkner,
Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Hamilton, Isham G. Harris,
Hascall, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holladay, Houston-, Howaid,
John W. Howe, Thomas Y. flow, Injjerr-oil, ive*, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Preston
King, Letcher, Martin, Mason, McLannhan, McMulhn,
Mc&ueen, Meachain,Meade,Mill-son, Morehead,Murphy,
Newton, Pea^lee, Polk, Powell, Robbing, Ro^s, Russell,
Savage, Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Sey-
mour. Skelron, Smart, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander II.
Stephens, Sutherland, Veuable, Wallace, Wildriek, and
Woodward—8*2.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALL. 1 move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and upon that motion
I call for the previous question.
The question being on seconding the demand,
there were, upon a division—ayes 72, noes GO.
Mr. HALL. I now move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Has not the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move that the House
resolve itself into u Committee of the Whole upon
the Private Calendar.
Mr. HIBBARD. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. This being private bill day,
the first motion made must be first nut.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask the
Speaker a question, for the purpose of having it
answered by the gentleman from Noith Carolina,
[Mr. Daniel.] I have no objection to going into
a Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar, if the time can be made available for the con-
sideration of private business; but I understand
from the chairman of the Committee on Claims,
that this is a day whic-h could not be made avail-
able upon the Private Calendar. If this is so, 1
suggest that we go into fhe Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DANIEL. I will say, in regard to that,
in answer to the gentleman fiom A Ian,mm 
Mr KINO, of New York. I Vi«e to a question
of order. Tins matter is not debatable.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the House will re-
ceive the information.
Mr. SACKETT. I wish to inquire if this is
not objection day ?
The SPEAKER. Tt is.
Mr. SACKETT. Every case upon the Private
Calendar has been objected to, and we can do noth-
ing if we go into committee.
The question was then put upon the motion to
go into Committee upon the Private Calendar, and
it was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Hibbard, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ORR. I demand tellers upon that motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr, and
Stanton of Tennessee, were appointed; and the
question being taken, the tellers reported—ayes
73, noes 79.
Mr. HIBBARD. I demand the yeas and nays
on the question.
Mr. AVERETT. I demand tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton, of
Tennessee, and Stephens, of Georgia, were ap-
pointed; and the House being divided, the tellers
reported ayes 39—deemed to be sufficient, and the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put upon the motion of
Mr. Hibbard; and there were—yeas 88) nays93;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, Ashe,
Avereit, Babeoek, Tnomas H, Bayly, Beale, Bennett, Bo
cork, John II. Boyd, Bragg, Breckimidge, Buel, Burrows,
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chapman, Chas-
tam, Churchwell, Cleveland, Clingman. Coleock. Dawson,
Dean, Dockery, Eastman, Edmundson, Ewing, Faulkner,
Fitch, Floyd, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmga, Hamilton,
Wiam G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Ha-call, Hibbard,
Hillyer, Hoiluday, Houston, Howard, J.W. Hovve,Tnos. Y.
How, Ingersoil, Ives Jackson, Jenkins, D. T. Jones, Geo.
W. Jones, Preston King, Letcher, Martin, McCorkle, Mc-
Lanahan, McMulhn, McQueen, Meaeham, Meade, Mill-
son, Miner, Morehead, Murphy, Peas-Jee, Polk,Ross, Rus-
sell, Schoonmaker,David L. Seymour,Ongen S. Seymour,
Skeiton, Smart, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H.
Stephens, Thur-ton, Toombs, Veuable, Wallace, Wash-
burn, Welch, Wells, Wildriek, and Woodward—86.
NAYS—Aberciombie, Willis, Alien,Win. Apple-
ton, Barrel e, Bihighaus, Bowne, Brenton. Bilges, Albert G.
Blown, Bu^b.v, E. Carrwgtoti Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell.
Chandler, Clark, Colib, Conger, Cullom, Curtis, Daniel,
Geoige T- Davis, John G. Davis, Disney, Doty, Duncan,
Dunham, Durkee, Edgeiton, Evans, Fickiiu, Floience,
Fowler, Gamble, Gilmore, Goodrich, Gorman,Green, Grey,
Hall, Hair, Haw*. Uebard, Hendricks, Henn, Thomas M.
Howe, Hunter, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnaon, J.
Glancv Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landty,
Lock hart, Mace, Ed waul C. Marshall, Hum pin ey Marshall,
McDonald. McNair, Molony, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Morri&on, Newton, Olds, Uir," Samuel W. Paiker,
Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Rantoul, Richard-on, Bobbins,
Sackett, Savage^ Schoolcraft, Scurry, Stanly, Fiederiek P.
Stanton, Ahr'm P. Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton, Stiother,
Stuait,Taylor,Townshend,Walbiidge,WuNh, Ward, Wat-
kins Addison Whitu, Alex. White, and William^—93.
So the House refused to go into committee.
Mr. COBB. It is in order now, I believe, to
move to pioceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table.
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is in order.
Mr. COBB. Then I move to proceed to the
business upon the Speaker's table, that we may
transact some business useful to the country.
Mr. HALL. 1 hope the gentleman will with-
draw his motion until the question is taken upon
the railroad bill.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. VENABLE. J renew the motion.
The question was put, and there were, on a di-
vision—ayes 53, noes 71.
So the I i ouse refused to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. What was the motion of the
gentleman from Missouri r [Mr. Hall.]
Mr. HALL. I moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and upon that de-
manded the pievious question, which was sec-
onded. 1 now move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I demand the yeas
and nays upon that motion.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler,
and Stanton of Tcnnes^e, appointed; and the
House hem-;- divided, the tellms lepoifed ayes
3:2—deemed tt) be sufficient, and the yeas and nays
were ordered.
The question was then taken; and theie were—
yeas 9.9, nays 73, as follows.
YEAS—Mesi-r^. Abrreionihio. Willis Alien, William Ap-
pleton, Banere, Bell, B)bj(jh:nw, Bowne, Bienton, Bungs,
Albert C. Blown, Geo. SI. Blown, Bmiovvs, Bumiv, F.t'ar-
nngton Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Clatk, Cobh, Conaei, Cottnmn, Culiont, Cuitis, Geoiytc T.
Davis, John G. Davis DiM'ev, Doty, Duncan, Dutkce,
Edgt'iton, E\ans, Ficklin, Fitcn, Fiotence, Fowler, Free-
man, lienij M Fuller, Gamble, Gnyhml, Gilmore, Good-
rich, Goime.n, Gseun, Grey, Ilall, Hnipcr, Sampson W.
Hams, Hart, flaws Uebaid, flendiicks, Henn,Thomas M.
Howe, Hunter, John Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, J.
Glancv Jones, Kuhns Kui'/,, Landiy, Lncklmrt, Mace.
Edw.nd C. Marshall, riuinphiey Marshall, McDonald, IMc-
\Tair. Miller, Molony, Henry 1>. Moore, John Mooie. Olds,
Orr, Samuel'W". Paikei, Penn, Penniman,Phelps, Ranicnil.
Ilu hard-on, S-ickctr, Scudder, Semrv, Smitn, Stanly,
Fredenck P. Stanton, Abiahain P. Stevens. Stone, St.
Maiiin, Stratton, Stuait, Taylor, Thuu-lon, Townshend,
Walbridge, Wals.li, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Addison
White. Alexander White, and Williams—99.
NAYS—Me^r^. Aiken. Allison, Ashe, Averett. Babcock,
David J- Bailey, Thomas'H. Bayiy, Beale, Bennett. Bo-
cock. John ii Boyd, Breckiniidire, Buel,, Caldwell. Cart-
ter, Caskie, Ch-i-tain, CJhurchwell, Cleveland. Cllngman,
Coleock, Daiuel, l)aw.-on, Dean, Dockery, I'lovd, Grow,
Hamilton, tsham G. h'aru^, Ha^call, Hibbard, Hilhur, Hol-
ladav, [{oiivton, Howard, John W. Howe, Thoma^Y. How,
Trgersoll, Jeukin5;, Darnel T. Joi'e^, Geotue W. Jones,
GeoigeG. Kiuir, Preston King, Letchei, Maitiri, Ma^on,
McCorkle, McLanahan, McMu'hn, McGtueen, jVIeacham,
Million, Miner, Morehead, 'Murphy, Xewton^ I'ea&lee,
Powell, Ross, Savage, Schoonuiaker, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour. Skelton, Smart, Benjamin Stanton,
Alexander H. Stephen?, George W. Thompson, Toombs,
Venable, Wallace, Wildriek, and Woodward—73.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table. *
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
title.
Mr. HALL. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered and put, and the title
of the bill was adopted.
Mr. HALL. I move to reconsider the vote just
taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
the House proceed to the business upon the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. Will it be in
order to move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then J make that motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has; and the motion sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Camp-
bell] is'in order. It is a privileged motion, too,
and according to the general practice of the House,
it has precedence of the other motion.
Mr. MARSHALL. I callfortellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall,
of Kentucky, and Fuller, of Maine, were ap-
pointed; and the question being taken, the tellers
reported—ayes 80, noes 40.
The House accordingly resolved itself info the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, in the chair.)
The CH A IRMAN. The first business in order
is the Indian appropriation bill, upon which the
gentleman from Illinois,- [Mr. Campbell,] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, then addressed
the House an hour, principally in opposition to
the passage, in the form in which it is pending be-
fore the House, of the bill from the Senate pro-
viding for the construction of certain railroads in
Iowa. His remarks were directed in opposition
to the Keokuck arid Dubuque road. [Mr. C.'s
si eech is published in the Appendix.]
' Mr CLARK then obtained the floor, and spoke
in reply, and in favor of that measure. Before
concluding, he was interrupted by his colleague.
Mr. HENN. Will my colleague give way for
a motion to rise ?
[Cries of Oh no!" " Go ahead t"]
Mr. HENN. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Campbbll] has taken upon himself to leave
the Hall before his speech was replied to, and
there are some important questions I desire to pro-
pound to him, which, of course, cannot be done
when he is absent.
Mr. CHANDLER. Weil, we had better rise.
[Cries of " No ! No !'J]
Mr. HENN. I wish to put myself right, as I
have been charged here as opposing the improve-
ment of the rapids in the Mississippi river. There
are a few questions I would like to haveanswered
by the gentleman. I could place myself right by
the propounding of a single interrogatory, but the
gentleman from Illinois is not present.
[Cries of " Let ns rise !" and " No ! No!"]
Mr. CLARK. I will continue, unless it is the
sense of the committee I should give way for a
motion to rise.
Mr. FOWLER. I trust the gentleman will
yield; it is time to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK. Well, I yield,
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the committee
rise.
The question was put, and, upon a division,
there weie—ayes 14, noes 0.
The CHAIRMAN. None voting in the neg-
ative, the ayes have it, and the committee agree
to rise.
Mr. STANLY. What is the result?
The CHAIRMAN. Ayes 14, noes 0; and the
committee, the Chair has decided, agrees to rise.
Mr. STANLY. The negative were not cailed 
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair requested that
the affirmative would rise, and fourteen accord-
