594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
previous
P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
Stone, St. Martin, Stuart, George W. Thompson, Towna-
hend, Ward, Addison White, Williams, Woodward, and
Yates—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Charles Allen, Allison,
William Appioton, Averetr, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly,
Banere, Bartlett, Bennett, Bibighaus, Boeock, Bowie,
John H. Boyd, Brooks, Bui rows. Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Cartter, Chapman, Chastain, Churchwe)}, Cleveland,
Chngman, Curtis, George T, Davis, Dockery, Duncan,
Evans, Ewiug, Faulkner, Fowler, Giddings, Goodenow,
Grow, Hammond, Harper, Sampson W. Harris, Haws,
Hascall,Haven,Hebard, Bifrbard, Houston, John W. Howe,
Hunter, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, Geoige
W. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Kuhns, McMuilin, Meacham, Miller, Mifi?on, Miner,
Morehead, Newton, Outlaw, Penniman, Perkins, Robie,
Sackett, Scherinerhorn, Sehooleraft, Schoonmaker, Skel-
ton, Smart, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Alexander H. Ste-
phens, Thftddeus Stevens, Sutherland, Taylor, Benja-
min, Thumpson, Thurston, Toombs, Walbndge, Wallace,
Walsh, Washburn, Watluns, Welch, Alexander White,
and Wjldrickp—88.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and being engrossed, was read a
third time.
Mr. HENDRICKS moved to reconsider the
vote just taken, and also to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been once
reconsidered, cannot, in the opinion of* the Chair,
be again reconsidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That very decis-
ion was overruled during the last Congress. The
Speaker of the last House made that decision
upon the Texas boundary bill, and the House
overruled it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects1 that
very well. The Chair is, however, of the opinion
that a bill cannot be reconsidered a second time.
The question now being upon the passage of
the bill,
Mr. HENDRICKS demanded the
question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put; and
the question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative.  
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS moved to reconsider the
vote upon the passage of the bill, and to lay the
mo'tion to reconsider upon the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER stated, as the next business in
order, the bill reported from the Committee on
Public Lands, to grant the right of way and a por-
tion of the public domain to the State of Missouri,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads there-'
in, and that the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Phelps] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I dislike very much to ask
permission of the House to do anything that is
not strictly jn order; but in view of the fact that
this debate may occupy many days, I ask the
House to allow me to report the Deficiency bill,
which I ha\e had in my possession for some days,
and have been waiting for an opportunity to report.
Mr. KING, of New York. It is very true, as
the gentleman says, that this debate will occupy
several days; but I have been waiting for some
days to report a bill of considerable importance,
and have been unable to do so, and I therefore ob-
ject to the introduction of this bill. I think the
committees ought to be called for reports, and I
will therefore move to postpone the consideration
of the hill now before us until to-morrow morn-
ing, at such time as the call of the committees shall
have been gone through with.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot ob-
tain the floor to make that motion without general
consent.
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. KING. Then I must insist on ray objec-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am a little astonished that
the gentleman from New York should make ob-
jection, wherr it can only answer the purpose of
putting my bill back, and cannot advance his.
, * «flre> however, to propound this question to
the Chair: Whether the gentleman from Missouri,
having yielded me the floor, it is competent to the
gentleman fiom New York to deprive me of my
ngnt to introduce the bill.
Mr. KING. I have a right to object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama must remember that his proposition cannot
la entertained except by unanimous consent
Mr. PHELPS resumed and concluded his re-
marks commenced on the 12th of February, in
opposition to the pending motion to refer the bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and argued earnestly in favor of the meas-
ure. He insisted that Missouri has a just claim
to lands to aid her in the construction of the rail-
roads which are designated, ahd that she is enti-
tled to grants similar to those which have been
made to other States of the Union for internal im-
provement purposes,
[For the speech of Mr. P., see Appendix.]
Mr. WATKINS next obtained the flooryand
said that the remarks which he intended to- make,
although they would have a general bearing upon
the bill now under consideration, had reference
more particularly to the bill providing for a grant
of land to the State of Tennessee, to aid saitl State
in the conduction of certain railroads therein, and
to the homestead policy. He maintained that ac-
cording to official data the public lands cannot
much longer be looked to as a source of revenue;
he argued in favor of such a distribution of them
among the States as would facilitate and aid the
purposes of education and internal improvements,
whrch are of the highest national importance, and
giving homesteads to citizens of the country. If it
is constitutional to appropriate a portion of the
public lands, it cannot be less so to appropriate the
whole of them, considering a large class of cases
would- be covered. One of the reasons which led
him to this course is, thafc unless some such sys-
tem be adopted the most fertile lands—the indica-
tions are unmistakable—will, in a very few years,
be frittered away by partial, sectional, and local
legislation,
[For the speech of Mr. W^tkins, see Appendix.]
Mr. MILLER next obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. YATES, on whose motion,
The House adjourned till to-morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropnate committees :
By Mr. BOW, of New York : The peUUon of journey-
men cigar makers, of Auburn, Cayuga county, New York,
pursing for a modification of the tariff on cigars of a less
value than ten dollars per thousand.
Also, buudry petitions of citizens of the State of New
York, praying for an appropriation to improve the harbor at
Little Sodus Bay.
13y Mi. JOHNSON, of Ohio: The petition of Daniel
French and 61 other citizens of Holmes county, praying
foi a tii-weekly mail fiom Canton, in Stark county, to Mil-
lersbwrg, m Hoknes county, in the State of Ohio.
Also, the petition of Thomas Armor and 62 others, on the
same subject.
Also; the petition of Daniel Baughman and 59 others
on the same subject.
Also, the petition of John Raber, and 201 others, on the
same subject.
Ateo, a memorial of citizens of Coshocton county, Ohio
asking that mail contractors, postmat.tcrs, and othei officers
of the Government, mav be released fiom perfoimmg labor
on the Christian Sabbath.
By Mi. MACE: The petition of Moses Colton, ofPifts-
buig, Indiana, asking for indemnity for loss on conti-
nental money.
Alf-o, the memorial of Williamson D. Ciothers,of Clinton
county, Indiana, asking for additional compensation as
a^i^tant marshal of said county m taking the census.
ANo, the nieinoiial of Thomas J. hwni and H. Dunfcle,
of Can oil county, Indiana, asking for additional compensa-
tion as asMhtant niaishals of said county, in taking the
cen-u«.
By Mr. WATKINS : The memorial of the assistant mar-
shal of the eastern distiiet of Tennessee, for increase of
compensation.
By ? Ir. FLORENCE : The memonal of Samuel C, Ken-
nedy, Robert IJjhs, Rebecca Wilfong, Sa!ah Yauner, and
otheii, citizens of Pennsylvania, and also of the suivtving
officer??, soldiers, seamen, and mannes, and widow* and
childien of those deceased who have served in the war of
l£i/2, piaj-itig Congiess to modify the bounty land net of
1 September 28,18o!>. so a< to <:ive each peison intended to
1 be benefited by &aid act, not lesa than one hundred and
I sixty acres of hind.
By Mr. FIJBBARD: The memorial of the Rock County
Agricuhuiai Society and Mechanics Institute, in the State
1 of Wi^confin, in favOr of the establishment of a national
, Bureau of Agucnltnie.
ByMr. OHUKOHWELL : The memorial of the assist-
ant maishals of the eastern du-tnet of Tennessee, praying foi
additional eompc^anon for taking the census.
By Air. CAMPBELL, of Illinois: The petition of Oha-J.
?. JLimp^te.id and 500 others, citizens of Galena, Illinois,
praying that Congress may establish Galena as a port of
entry.
Also, the petition of the Mayor and City Council of the
said citv of Galena, for the same purpose.
By Mr. CARTTER: The petition of Charles Aleott, for
rehef. ;
By Mr. KITHIVS : The petition of Henry Wentlmg, pray-
ing compensation for supplies furnished United States
troops in the late war with Great Britain.
By Mr. CONGER J,The petition of Wm. H. Piatt, Pres-
ident of the Alton and Sangamon Railroad Company, ask-
fng for a grant of land for the purpose of aiding hi thecon-
stractirw r*f saul rnad.
( ByMr. LETCHER: The petition of J. W. Pope anrf
• 179 other eitrzens of Hardy rRoe/krngham, and Shenandoah'
! counties, in Virginia, asking the establishment ot a mai?
soute from Luney's Creek, m tlie county of Hardy, to New
Market, in the county of Shenandoah.
By Mr. BARRERE: The petition of John G>, Marshall,.
Thomas Middleton, Mid B. P. Johnson, assistant marshals-
in Brown county, Ohio, praying foi additional compensa-
tion for taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. SCBOOLCRAFT: The remonstrance of
citizens of Albany, New York, against the further exten-
sion of the patent tor Woodwork's planing machine.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of J. W. Wetmore*
«rntf many ofher citizens of the erty of Erie, Pennsylvania,
asking for the establishment of a naval depOt in connections
with a dry dock, at some point on the lake frontier.
Also, the memorial of J. Houghton and othei judical offi-
cers. of New Mexico under the government of General
iCearny. asking for an appiopnation for the payment of
their salaries. a
By Mr. BIBIGHATTS: The petition of Strange N. Pal-
mer and otheis, of Schnylkill county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing for a modification of the tariff of 1846 on iron, &c.
By Mr. YATES r The petition of David J. Periy and 150
others, for a grant of the light of way and a portion of tin?
public lands to aid in the construction of a laihoadfrom the-
city of Spiingfield, in Illinois, to the citv of Btoomington,
in McLean county, in extension of the Alton and Sanga-
mon railroad.
Also, the petition of Z. Lawrence and 22 others, for the-
same object.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 19, 1852.
Prayer by Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will bring to-
the notice of the Senate that the three members of
the Committee on Engrossed Bills are temporari-
ly absent, and in consequence there are bills
which cannot be examined unless an additional
member shall be appointed.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Chair have
power to appoint an additional member of that
committee.
The PRESIDENT. If such be the pleasure of
the Senate, the Chair will make the appointment.
Mr. Wade, of Ohio, was appointed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, {aid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting a report of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and the opinion' of
the Attorney General in relation to the conflicting-
claims of Randolph Coyle, John Delafield, and
the city of Cincinnati, to the unsold parts of frac-
tional section No. 11, in fractional township No.
4, of fractional range No. 1, in J. C. Symmes's
purchase, in the State of Ohio; which was read and
referred to the Committee on Pubiic Lands-
PETITIONS.
Mr. MANGUM presented the memorials of
Thomas IC. Hall, of Brunswick county; E. H.
j McClure, of Buncombe county; J. C. Smith, of
[ Alexander county; John Clayton, of Henderson
: county; James J. H. Russ, of Randolph county,
| and Samuel M. Hughes, of Stokes county, assist-
I ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
[ North Carolina, praying additional compensation;
1 which were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BELL. I present the memorials of twenty-
four assistant marshals for taking thS  Seventh
Census in the eastern district of Tennessee. They
represent, in positive and strong terms, that the
character and the formation of that country, being
generally mountainous, and the population, ex-
; cept in the valleys, being very sparse, they have
! received nothing like an adequate compensation.
1 1 move that, without reading,they be referred to the
; Committee of Claims. They were so referred.
I Mr. BADGER. I have, sir, the memorials of
R. C. Miller, assistant marshal of Caldwell coun-
ty, and ,T. M. Taylor, assistant marshal of Nash
county, North Carolina, both complaining of
losses and grievances arising- from this same root
of bitterness, and I move their reference to the
Committee of Claims. They were so referred.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I have certain
resolutions, or rather two or three series of reso-
lutions, adopted at the last session of the Legisla-
ture of North Carolina, which, for reasons not
necessary to be now mentioned, were transmitted
to me so late that the opportunity was not afforded
me to offer them to the Senate at the last legisla-
tive session; and in consequence of their having
been left at home when I came here this winter,
