is m.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1M7
He then called for the negative, and
I did not hear the Chair call;
I was up, also, in the neg-
Is there any objection to
ingly rose.
none rose,
Mr. STANLY.
but I was up.
Mr. FLORENCE,
ative. [A laugh.]
The CHAIRMAN.
having a recount?
Mr. FULLER. I object; it was a fair vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair then decides
that the committee have agreed to rise.
Mr. STANLY. Several of us stood up and
demanded a count on the negative side.
The C H AIRMAN. The committee have clear-
ly decided to rise.
Thecommitteeaccordingly rose,and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Sey-
mour, of Connecticut) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had under consideration the state of the Union gen-
erally, and particularly House bill No. 43, making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes, for
the year ending June 30, 1853, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to amend the
report of the chairman of the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. ST ANLY. Suppose the report of the chair-
man is disputed5
The SPEAKER. According to practice, the
House can only know the report made by the
chairman.
Mr. STANLY. I state the fact that there were
only fourteen who rose in the affirmative. A count
in the negative was demanded, the chairman said
he did not hear it, and he did not put it. I say
there was a majority against rising.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. If the gen-
tleman will be good enough to yield. The gentle-
man did not understand the precise statement of
the chairman of the committee. The affirmative
were called to rise, and they did rise, and were
counted. After that the chairman called on the
negative to rise, and he was under the impression
no one rose. The gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Florence] said that he did rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did rise, and voted in the
negative.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I did not notice the gentle-
man, but I think there were no others that rose.
The Chair distinctly announced that the ayes nad
it.
Mr. STANLY. I called for the division my-
self.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I was close at the
Clerk's desk 
The SPEAKER. Any question arising as to
the report of the chairman must be confined strict-
ly to the committee.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. STANLY. A division now, Mr. Speaker,
if you please. •'[Laughter.]
The question was then put on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was decided in the affirmative—ayes
20, noes 10. ,
Mr. STANLY. It is seen that a Democratic
Congress can do nothing at the en4 of a session.
[Laughter.]
The House was adjourned accordingly till to- j
morrow at twelve o'clock, m. j
PETITION'S, &c. :
The following: petitions, memonals, &c., were presented !
Under the rule, and referred to the appropriate comrmUre*": i
By Mr. CO TTM\iV: The petition of John Cullen, Ed- 1
ward Long, John Dennis, and 80 others, citizens of the i
United State*, praying Congress to pas< ail act to provide j
for placing buoys in Pocomoke Sound, and in Chessonessex i
Harbor, in the Srate of Virginia. f
B\ Mr. BREXTON: The petition of citizens of Indiana '
andOhio, asking The right of way and giant of public lands ,
for the construction of a railroad from Toledo, Ohio, via
Fort Wayne, Logansnort, Delphi, and Lafayette, in In- i
diana, to Springfield, in Illinois. j
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 23, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the House, before proceeding to the
business of the morning hour, to take up and dis-
pose of the territorial business now on the Speak-
er's table. It is highly important it should be dis-
posed of at an early day m order that it may be
passed in the other House.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think unanimous consent
should be granted for that purpose, and hope that
it will.
Objection was made.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, made adverse reports in
the following cases; which were ordered to lie on
the table, viz:
The petition of James W. Marshall, of Califor-
nia, praying Congress for a grant of land m con-
sideration of his services to the country for having
made the first discovery of gold in California in
1847;
The memorial of the defenders of Baltimore,
praying for a further grant of land in considera-
tion of their services;
The petition of Peter Lane, praying for a grant
of land for services rendered during the war with
Great Britain;
The petition of Hannah Obar, praying for
bounty land on account of the services of her fa-
ther, Solomon Nichols, a soldier during the war
of 1812;
The resolution of instruction relating to the al-
lowing of bounty land to certain companies of vol-
unteers of South Carolina, and also to other vol-
unteers engaged in the public service.
Also, a biil granting to the State of Michigan the
rhihtof way and a portion of the public lands, to
aid in the construction of a railroad from Mil-
waukee,. on Sagitiaw river, to Grand Traverse
bay, thence to the Straits of Mackinaw; and
Also, bill No. 64, to amend an act entitled (i An
( act granting bounty land to certain officers and
' soldiers who hnvp been engaged in the military
i service of the United States,' approved Septem-
ber 28, 1851."
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order to move
the recommittal of the report just made, relating to
the granting of bounty lands to soldiers of the war
of 1612, to the Committee on Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order. It
would have been in order before it was disposed
of.
SALINE LANDS IN INDIANA.
Mr. HALL. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, to which was referred the
jomt resolution of the Legislature of the State of
Indiana in relation to the saline lands in that
State, to report " A bill to enable the Legislature
of the State of Indiana to dispose of the unsold
saline lands in the said State.''
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. HALL. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Gorman] desires that the bill shall be put
on its passage; and that he may make the motion,
I yield him the floor.
Mr. GORMAN. These saline lands are lying
idle, of no profit to the State of Indiana, or any
one else. It is only osked that power be granted by
Congress to dispose of them. I hope the House
will permit tiie bill to be now put on its passage.
I make that motion.
The bi'l was read through by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I think that bill is one
of too much importance to be passed by us in this j
h.isty manner. It really changes our land system, j
and is the commencement of a new era in the mode j
of disposing of the public lands, so far as the price j
is concerned. If the gentleman shall be gratified !
in this, the next move\vjll be to have the price of :
the public lands graduated in such a way as to ;
destroy or impair their value. It being o bill of I
much importance, 1 desire it shall be referred to the j
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, .
thereto be thoroughly discussed. I do not like!
this mode of legislating; that is, of having a bill re- !
ported from a committee,and, without discussion,
and without any examination whatever, passed :
through the House, become a law, and thereby j
become a precedent, and ofttimes a very danger-
ous one. I therefore move that this bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. GORMAN. The gentleman from Connecti-
cut, I am confident, would not submit the motion
he has, were he fully advised of the facts of this
case. These lands are now subject to sale at
$1 25 peracre. They havebeenin market for the last
twenty years, and yet remain unsold—nevercannor
never will be disposed of for anybody's benefit at
the present price. The State of Indiana owns the
land, but there is a clause in the original grant
providing that the State shall not sell it at a price
j less than $1 25 per acre. They never will be sold
j for that price. It is merely asked that Congress
j will repeal that clause of the original law.
] Mr. PHELPS, The act only proposes a mod-
| ification of the existing law, which is that the State
l of Indiana may be permitted to sell her lands
j at less than $1 25 an acre. They have been of-
I fered for twenty-five years in the market, but
j have not found a purchaser,
j Mr. CLEVELAND. It is perfectly apparent,
j and must be, I think, to the whole House, that
I this bill is interfering with the well-settled policy
j of the Government. When this grant was made,
j it was a gift from the General Government to the
j State, and it was made with this proviso, that she
j should not reduce the price of her lands, and
] thereby obtain an advantage over the Government
m their sale. This must be apparent to every
member of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. Will the gentleman yield the
floor to me for a moment? As I understand this
; matter, the greater part of the lands owned by the
j Government in the vicinity of these lands have
! been sold.
I Mr. GORMAN. That is a fact,
j Mr. PHELPS. The object of providing, in
| the original grant, that the lands should not be
j sold foi a less price than the Government lands,
! was to have the sales go on pari passu. That was
i the object of the existing law. The reason, there-
; fore, for the adoption of the proviso, has j->assed
| away.
| Mr. CLEVELAND. Even this explanation
i shows the importance of the House knowing
| something of what v/e are to vote upon. I submit
I to the House that this is not a very correct mode
j of legislation in regard to a very great interest, like
j the interest we have m our public lands. This is,
i I believe, the first effoit of this kind which has
I ever been made m Congress. I am notaware that
J any Sta'e has ever come forward and asked a pro-
i vision of law to graduate the price of her public
i lands, which are agift to her from the Government,
j until the effort was made this morninsr.
' Mr. SACKETT. If gentlemen will refer to the
! law making the original £rant, we may see ex-
! actly what we are doing with these lands,
j Mr. CLEVELAND. Every step we take in
| this matter, shows the importance of the House
j sustaining the motion I made. I do not rise for
( the purpose of opposing the passage of this bill;
j and if, upon a fur examination of the matter, it
j proves to be just and proper, I may vote for it.
I We have a proposition of this kind, certainly a
| very important proposition, offered without are-
■ port from a committee. We know nothing of it,
' except from the gentleman, who simply says that
it is all right. I repeat as;ain, it is the commence-
; ment of a new system of legislation, and one that
: may be prejudicial to the interests of the Govern-
ment. Upon finding that it will not be prejudicial,
I should have no sort of objection in the world to
givingto theState of Indiana the power of dispos-
ing of her lands noon her own terms, provided it
can be done without injury to any other interest,
and especially without injury to the interests of
the Government. The House will see that it ia
one of those questions which ought to be consid-
ered before it is acted unon, and if the gentleman
will come out with an explanation, which shows
that this is a matter interesting the State of Indi-
ana alone, and that no danger whatever will result
from the passage of this bill, I will have no objec-
tion to it#
Mr. DUNHAM. This matter is easily under-
stood. It is a matter of small importance, and
certainly of no importance at all to the General
Government. These saline tracts in the State of
Indiana areverysme.il in extent, and were granted
to that Smte some years ago. They were reserved
by the Government when the lands were first of-
fered at sale, because they were supposed to con-
tain salt springs, and afterwards the General Gov-
ernment released them to the State for an univer-
