1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
597
ntroducr
i.r
are not read to the House. I understand such has
been the practice of this body ever since the adop-
tion of the rule allowing of the filing of petitions
without presentation* to the House.
ATTENDANCE OF COUNSEL.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
entitled "A bill to facilitate the attendance of coun-
sel residing at a distance from the Capitol, by
classifying the docket of the Supreme Court;"
which was read a first and second time by its title
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, by unanimous consentof the House,
introduced a memorial from a portion of the Le-
gislative Assembly of the Territory of Oregon;
which was ordered to lie upon the table and be
printed.
Mr. LANE. I have two other memorials-
Mr. GOOD ENOW. I object to their introdut
tion, and call for the orders of the day.
GRANT OF LANLS TO MISSOURI
The SPEAKER. The order of the day is called
for, which is House bill No. 10-1, and upon that
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Miller] has
the floor.
Mr. MILLER addressed the House for an hour
in favor of the objects of the bill, which had already i
been discussed, he said, by the ablest minds of the i
country; called attention to the resources of the |
Western States, and the aid they afford to the!
commerce of the Eastern—to the increased settle- '
ment of lands in the vicinity of the great rivers; !
from which he inferred that by encouraging inter-
nal improvements, a similar effect would be pro-
duced.
[See Appendix for Mr. M.'s Speech.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Is there a motion
pending to refer this bill to the Committee of the :
"Whole" on the state of the Union ? i
The SPEAKER. There is. > !
Mr. HARRIS. Believing, as 1 do, that this
House is as well prepared to act at this moment .
upon this subject as it will be at any future time, '
I move the previous question. j
Mr. RANTOUL. I ask*the gentleman who i
has made that motion to withdraw it. So far nil !
tfc: speaking upon this bill has been made by gen- i
tlemen coming from one section of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
not withdraw. I want this subject disposed of.
Mr. J •oN of Tennessee. 1 ask my colleague
to withdraw for one moment, in order to aMow dig
to make a suggestion, by which this subject can
be gotten over for the present, .'aid allow the other
committees to be called. It is not competent for
any other committee to report so long as this sub-
ject continues before the House.
Mr. CARTTER. Let us send it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union;
that will get it out of the way.
Mr, MARSHALL, of Kentucky. X ask the
gentleman from Tennessee not to withdraw his
call for the previous question. We are as well
preoared now to vote upon this bill as we ever
shall be. If the friends of the bill can carry it
through, I want to give them a chance.
Mr. HARRIS. I have not much feeling in re-
lation to whether the previous question be now
pressed or not. I called it in deference to what I
conceived to be the wishes of the House.
Mr. JONES. If the friends of the bill wish to
press it to a vote now, I am ready. I will not ob-
ject to the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the House do
now proceed to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table. The bill before the House
will then lie over till to-morrow.
Several Members. Oh, no ! let's dispose of it
n ow.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What will
be the effect if the House proceed to the consider-
ation of the business on the Speaker's table?
Will this bill come up again in the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as unfinished
business.
The question was taken, a$d decided in the neg-
ative, and the House refused to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The House was then divided, to ascertain wheth-
er there was a second to the demand for the pre-
vious question; and there were—ayes 38, noes 316.
So there was not a second.
Mr. RANTOUL- Mr. Chairman. I desire 
Mr. JONES. It is not my purpose to make a
speech, but it is evident, that while this bill is con-
tinued before the House that no other committee
can be called for reports.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. JotfEs] has
addressed the House once upon this question.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Ran-
toul] now claims the floor, and, according to the
rules of the House—the gentleman from Ten-
nessee having spoken once—I think he is entitled
to it.
Mr. JONES. I do notproposetomakea speech.
I only desire to make the proposition, that the bus-
iness be passed over until all the other committees
shall be callcd for reports, and then, when the call
reaches the Committee on Public Lands again,
that this subject will come up as unfinished busi-
ness. All 1 want is to allow the other committees to
report. I have no report to make, but 1 think that
is due to the other committees of the House.
Mr. HALL. I have no objection in the world
to the postponement of this business, provided it
is postponed in such a way that it shall come up
again. And if the gentleman from Tennessee will
modify his pi oposition so that this subject shall be
postponed till'some day certain, and made the
special oider for that day, so that it will come
up precisely m the same condition which it now
occupies, I have no objection. Rut 1 do not want
it postponed to go on to the Speaker's table again,
for if it does, we shall never reach it.
Mr. JONES. My proposition does not carry
it to the Speaker's table. It only provides that it
shall go over until the other committees shall be
called ibrrepous. Then, when the Committee on
Public Lands is called, it will again come up, and
will occupy precisely the same position which it
now holds. I am m favor of having this matter
go over, but I am opposed to making it a special
older.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee requires unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. ORR and others objected.
Mr. RANTOUL saul that, m his opinion, the
old Uiirteen States have certainly a great interest
m determining what shall be done with the public
lands, m ^ome lespcot equal with the new; and
the question is, what use can be made with the
public lands until ^onie general measure shall be
agreed upon beneficial and equally advantageous
to the old and the new States.
A general plan of lailroads, he said, has been
commenced, (not confined to any particular State
or section,) forming a portion ot a great and well-
contrived system. The commerce of the nation is
destined to be au interchange between the valley
of the Mississippi and foreign countries to a great
extent. It is a matter of interest, then, that addi-
tional channels of intercourse shall be constructed,
open and convenient. So far as this bill proposes
to aid Missouri, it does so without the loss of a
dollar to the General Government. If the Atlantic
States would have a great commercial and navi-
gating interest, they should look to the agricultu-
ral productions of the West, which keep that
interest alive. He would say to the people of the
Northeast thju-jttun, woolen, and iron must some
day oj other be manufactured hundreds of miles
west of where they now are. The pjeeke year
cannot be given: but the West will cease to buy
those thircs of the Northeast, and m-ike them
jusr when it shall think that it will be to its ad-
vantage. Therefore, the Northeast should en-
courage the West m agriculture, opening roads to
the Northeast and Southeast, connecting the At-
lantic slope with the valley of the Mississippi in
the cheapest and most practicable way. So sure
as a course shall be iuken to depiess western agri-
culture, so sure will manufacturing depart from
the Northeast to the West.
[See Appendix for Mr. R.'s speech.]
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, next obtained the
floor, and said: I have but. a few words to say on
this subject- 
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Louisiana, that as he
will have the floor in the morning, and^ as tins
will be the first business that comes up, it would
he better, with his consent, to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union now.
[Cries of "No, ro"' and "Let him go on!'5]
Mr. MOORE I should be happy to oblige the
gentleman from Alabama, but I will^remmd him
that to-morrow is Friday, and private bill day.
I should much prefer speaking to-morrow morn-
ing, if I was sure of getting the floor; but as it is
private bill day, I know I shall have no opportu-
nity of being heard, and I shall therefore retain
the floor now.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman would be
entitled to the floor in the morning in preference
to anybody else, or to any other business. My
object is to get into the committee, and finish up
a special order there which is hanging in the way
of all other business. We have "time to dispose
of it to-day, arid I should be glad if the House
would so indulge me.
Mr. MOORE. If I was sure I could get*the
floor to-morrow,I would yield to the gentleman's
suggestion.
[Cries of" Go on now!'']
Mr. ORR. If I understand the rules of the
House correctly, the gentleman from Alabama has
a right to take the floor from the gentleman from
Louisiana, the morning hour having expired.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Not after the floor has
been assigned to the gentleman from Louisiana.
Mr. HOUSTON, f have certainly a right to
take the floor from the gentleman, as the morning
hour has expired.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand the rules.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Such is not the rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. Any member has a right,
at the expiration of the morning hour, to move to
proceed to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker stable. If thegentleman from Louisiana
hud been in the midst of his speech, I could have
committed that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Alabama to submit such
a motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 submit that motion nown.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I shall not detain the House,
Mr. Speaker, for the full hour allowed me by the
rules, in the discussion of this question. But as
I had the honor to introduce a bill kindred to the
one now under consideration, I feel it incumbent
upon me to say a few words.
The whole subject of the policy of making these
grants may as well be discussed now, and on this
lull as on the other bills which will probably come
before us. I had the honor of introducing a bill
to grant to the State of Louisiana the right of way
through and a portion of the public lands, which
is now before the Committee on Public Lands,
and will, I hope, be reported m a few days. But
as I may not then have an opportunity of giving
my views upon this subject,! embrace this oppor-
tunity to do it.
I was sorry, the other day, to hear a gentleman
upon this floor endeavor to connect this subject
with the question of internal improvements by the
General Government. Now, I maintain that this
cannot fairly be done. This is simply a donation
for public purposes. By looking over your stat-
ute-book, fiom the very commencement of this
Government, you will find that the very first law
that was ever passed regulating the public lands,
made large donations of public lands for public
purooses. The very first bill upon the subject of
lands, passed before even the adoption of the pres-
ent Constitution, made large donations of the pub-
lic lands for the purposes of public education. I
will state to the House a few of the grants of this
description that have been made. We find by
reference to the statute-book, that large grants of
thepubhc lands have been made to cities, to towns,
to counties for county-seats,and to Suites for seats
of government. A grant of land was made to
build the city of Detroit—not only a portion of the
old town, but 10,000 acres besides. The city of
Natchez also has had a grant. Four sections of
land were granted to the State of Indiana for the
purpose of fixing a seat of government. Thirty-
six sections and ],f>20 acres besides, were grant-
ed to the State of Alabama for the same purpose.
I find that grants have been made even to the old
Stales. For instance, a grant of land was made to
Connecticut fora deaf and dumb asylum—and very
properly, I think. Illinois also had a grant of lands
for a seat of government.
I find that the first grr.rjt of lands for purposes
of internal improvement was made in 1823, when
