1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2373
such a building-. This building is composed of
materials which make it almost entirely fire-proof.
The doors are of iron, and the stair-cases are of
cast-iron. In regard to the solidity of the structure,
I would say that I see attached to thereportof the
Committee on Public Buildings of the House, a
certificate from Mr. Walter, the architect, from
Mr. Ward, the builder, and from Mr. Mills, the
architect, certifying: to its stability. It is a build-
ing, I believe, of two hundred and nine feet front
on the one side, and one hundred and one feet
front ou the other, and is fifty-three feet deep.
There are in it one hundred and thirty rooms, the
same number as in the Treasury Building. There ;
is about twice as much land as the building stands j
upon, and the land alone would be worth $30,000 j
now. There are 26,000 feet of land. The build- j
ins: is opposite to the War and Navy Departments, !
and will be for oil time very convenient for them, j
Colonel Graham, of the Engineer Corps, in a letter |
appended to the House report, says: !
"The walls of the building in epilation are massive, and J
they appear to be welt arid securely laid. i
" My room4* have ahva\ s bee n in the fourth or uppermost
<4<ny of the bu !din« ; and 1 will here add, that all my as-
sistants and J much preferred tins story to any other part of
the building.
"The-tftir ways, of cast iron, are ot'ea*>v slope, causing but
little fatigue in ascending; and heie we are free from noise,
bustle, and dust of the street-, while m suumici we enjoy
the coolest brouzes that pass over the city. !
" The diaiight?rnen cngairrd m my office, in the vno«tdeli- j
eate drawing--, have never perceived the slightest tremor. * '
The building h*v> always appealed to us fit in and a^ steady !
here as upon the ground iloor, which i?> eeit.uiily a sfrotu* j
proof of the permanency oi its con-truetion, and the solid- j
ify of its walls."
This is the best proof of the solidity of the 1
structme. These architects and builders testify
that such a building, exclusive of the giound, ,
would costtheGovernmentto build itover^'240,000. !
One of them says it would exceed ^250,000. I '
believe it has been economically erected; that is-, I ;
believe as little money has been expended on it as 1
such a building required. 1 do not believe the >
owner will make any money by selling it out to :
the Government at the pri^e he will receive by the \
amendment, while I believe that the Government j
would economically do a very good thing, and at |
the same time secure a suitable building for a de- i
pository of the public archives, even if they had
sufficient buildings for the accommodation of the
clerical force.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 shall certainly not under-
fake to controvert the certificate which the honor-
able Senator from Maryland has produced, but
I have only to say, that there is not a man at
forty years old, or a boy of fifteen, who cannot get
certificates if he chooses that any thing is right and ; ■
proper. If I were to obtain rays of moonshine,
and concentrate them, I could get a certificate in [■
four hours that they weie liulestiuctible. [Laugh- j,
ter-l , . . i'
Now, sir, as to this* building, how long is it \
since the roof went off, and went into the yard of i,
the Navy Depaitmen*, destroying a number off
trees there? I think only two or three years since, j;
J inquired, when that occurred, what was the mat- j
ter? and it was said that the cioss-timbers above, 1
on which the rafters were laid, were placed directly !1
on the top of the wall, and that the sheet-iron, or i!
sheet-lead, upon the roof, having been lifted a lit-
tie, the wind got undei if. and took the whole !•
thing right off. Not long since, >t was said there \\
was an earthquake here, and that some of the j,
walls of this building were shaken. 1 know not
whetherthat was true, but 1 have not much doubt
of it. I come back, however, to the very ground
which I took in the first place, and that is, that
unless this is a structurewantedasa charnel-house, ;
in which to put your archives, so that they may |
be out of the way, you do not want it at alt.
Allow me to say that there is already a propo-
sition for extending the Treasury Building. My
honorable friend fiom Virginia, [Mr. Huktcr.]—
and there is no gentleman with whom I converse
and associate in whom I have more confidence—
proposed to me, as one of the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings, to recommend the addition of a south- 1
em win? to the Treasury Building, in order to give
to that Department all the room that it iequire3.
It is well known that I dHike calling names; but I
mus' say that the Depr iisrent of the Interior occu-
pies a bmlJinir hired of Mr. Cor: oran. I know
the house wa-> unroofed by the huinc<\u<\ those
ir> iht- ^torv nnron^cion1? of ir* bein^ done
! nothing about the rent paid for it, but I do not be-
i lieve it is rented for less than it could be got for
I elsewhere. The Department of the interior is in
1 that building. The Pension Office is in Winder's
Building, as it is called; and some portion of the
Land Office is also there. Now, I candidly be-
lieve it is time that this Government should con-
struct its own edifices for the use of its own De-
partments. I recollect that not more than two
years since, an honorable gentleman, who was
then a member of this body, (Mr. Dickinson,)
opposed an appropriation for putting an additional
wing to the Patent Office—and why? Because it
was not necessary. He and I had some conten-
i tion upon the subject then, and he produced evi-
! dence to show that the Commissioner of Patents
| did not require any more room, and that there was
; room enough in the present building for all the
j purposes of the Patent Office. It was then said
' that a portion of the curiosities that have been
| brought home by the Exploring Expedition were
| to be taken to the Smithsonian Institution. But
! we concluded to go on with the Patent Office Build- j
j ing. It has been gone on with, and one wing has
, been built; and to look upon it from the outside, •
! it is a very beautiful structure.
I There is an appropriation in this bill for the
| construction of the western wing of the Patent
, Office. For what is it wanted? The present Sec- ■
! retary of the Interior has told me over and over j
: again, that it would be a great advantage for him :
■ to concentrate the Bureaus of his Department, and
j the clerks and all the branches of it, in one build- '
i ing, and he desires that the western wing of the 1
1 Patent Office should be appropriated to the De- ,
partment of the Interior. It strikes me that it is
, a very proper place for him. I think it is wrong
i to have him in one building, the Pension Office m
' another, and some other of the offices of his De- :
partment m another. I do not like t!ii<. I can- ,
didly say I do not like—when the Government of i
the United States has its $15,000,000 in theTreas- '
ury,and its three per cent, bonds worth eighty per ,
cent.—allowing individuals, under any circum-
, stances, to build shells of buildings for it to hire, j
! and then with an indirect appropriation come in <
' and pay for them. The Government does not j
want this building. It has got its own lands on |
' which to erect its buildings. There is an appro- ■
priation in this bill of $30,000 for inclosing some '
land m the city belonging to the United States, 1
and there is another provision making an appro- :
priation of ^5,150 for fencing m that little triangle
! opposite the Union office. 1 choose to designate
it in that way, because you, sir, [Mr. Bright m !
! the chair,] have more occasion to go there than I i
, have, and perhaps you will know it better by that i
designation than in any other way.
Mr. WELLER. Let me correct the Senator. 1
: That was the amount originally proposed, but the ;
chairman of the Committee on Finance proposed ^
to make it §5,900, and when the question was
taken on that amendment, nobody voted m the
affirmative, and I voted in the negative, and it was .
declared to be lost. If it had not been for my ;
single vote, being the only vote on either side, the j
appropriation would have been $5,900.
Mr. CLARKE. I am glad to hear that. When
the Senator does a good thing, I am willing to give
him cmht for it. But there was an appropriation
made eighteen months ago, at the end of the last
session of Congress, for inclosing and improving 1
the public grounds. We know that a great deal ■
has been done. There is an appropriation in this '
bill, if it has been agreed to—and I know nothing j
that hps not, excepfthe amendment of the Senator '
from Massachusetts—for $13,000or §14,000 for the
Smithsonian Institution grounds. I have no ob-
jection to that. I wantthem improved. But I want
thethingdoriein some sort ofa decent, economical
manner. There was an appropriation made last
year, if my memory serves me right, of 0,000 '
for improving the grounds on the south side of the
President's grounds, between the President's and
the Monument. What has been done' There is '
in that ground at this time a little pond about as 1
large as this room; and inside of it, by way of,
architectural taste aud perspective, I suppose, are
two hrtle mounds. I suppose they are for the
frogs to come out on to breathe the frerh air. In |
a little place, like mine at home, if I had no wafer,
it is possible that I might want to see that there ,
was water on the face of the earth, as well as soil,
and might make such a pond: but here you stand
| right in view of the beautiful Potomac, opening
itself broad, free, and fresh before you, and there,
in that ground, yon have a pond, with two little
| mounds in it, in order to give it a beautiful per-
I spective. If the $10,000 lias been expended upon
that, I cannot see what good has been done. An
! appropriation has also been made for Lafayette
i Square. For that I have a great regard. It is lo
• be the place where General Jackson's equestrian
statue is to be erected. I have a great regard for
i that, too. There is a provision in this bill appro*
| priating $5,000 for the foundation of that work.
That has been well done. But that square has a
miserable fence about it. I want a good one put
there: and yet, at the rate of expense which the
fence on the triangular square between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth streets has cost, it will cost you
more than $50,000 to fence in Lafayette Square.
Mr. DAVIS. It will cost four dollars ^ foot.
Mr. CLARKE. Let me tell you that the mere
iron itself for that triangular square cost four dol-
; lars a foot, and then you had the foundation of
: granite to put there.
Mr. HUNTER. What is the question before
the Senate?
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maryland.
Mr. CLARKE. I am <-omingto that presently.
I generally speak to my point as closely as the
Senator from Virginia. [Laughter.] If the fence
around that triangular space be, as 1 understand
it, about six hundred feet, and if we are to appro-
priate $5,900 for it, how far does it come from ten
dollars a foot ? Such a thing would break any man.
■ If you pay at that rate for Lafayette Square, you
had better look out for a raising or a lowering of
the tariff, in order to get some more revenue.
! [Laughter.]
In leganl to this building, I think it is not expe-
1 dient for the Government of the United States to
purchase it. They have got a lease of it for three
years; and if the Government, with fifteen millions
| in the Treasury, and a credit unbounded, is not able
1 to supply its own offices, ask some State in the
! Union to do it. My own little State could do it.
[Laughter.] I am opposed to it for the reasons
stated, and J am sorry to stand alone in opposition
to the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I am with you.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 am glad to hear that I am
i gaining strength. I am opposed to the appropri-
ation. 1 think the building ought not to be pur-
j chased. If it is required as a place of deposit, as
a charnel-house, where things are to be put, and
| it is absolutely a safe place, let it be bought for
that; but let our public buildings be such as com-
port with the dignity, wealth, and character of
the Government. That is what 1 say. I prefer
going on and doubling the appropriation for the
! Patent Office, rather than purchase a building which
would be of no use hereafter, and no ctedit to the
Government.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to amend the
amendment. 1 think we are proposing to give a
little too much for the building. I think $150,000,
or, at all events, £175,000, would be enough for it.
If we are to purchase it, I am not willing to give
more than $175,000. No doubt the gentleman
who came here to put up this building, put it up
for the purpose of selling it to the Government.
I do not know that he was invited to put it up;
but, sir, it is not to be a permanent building for
the u>e of the Government. The fact that we
pay some ^19,000 rent for it js no evidence of the
actual value of the property. I move to amend
thf amendment by striking out £900,000 and in-
serting $175,000.
Mr. BADGER. 1 have heretofore voted against
an appropriation for the purchase of this building,
upon the general opposition which I have to the
Government's purchasing buildings which have
been erected by private individuals: and I was in
hopes, when I gave my former votes, that before
this time some steps would have been taken by
Congress to have suitable buildings erected on v
laige scale for the benefit of the Government. I
am now satisfied that we cat-not look forward to
any so oh thing being 'i.e romp Si shed in l^ss than
ten <■ r a dozen years, , if this hnildinff is to
be used by us at a rent of §20,000 a year ior the
next ten v.** "bp '1 expend as much money as
itwiOco.t auac e.iu of the time, and then in*
building: will not be ours. I think, therefore, as a
