1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1509
come up to-day upon a road in a Northern State, j
"With the permission of the gentleman, I want to j
ask him how far these two roads, one in a North- i
ern State, and the other in a Southern State, are .
apart ?
Mr. HALL. The road proposed in the Senate
bill is distant from the north Missouri road about
one hundred and thirty or one hundred and fifty
miles; somewhere about that. The southern road
proposed by the Committee on Public Lands is, 1 ■
believe, about sixty miles from the Missouri river;
but I can say this to the gentleman from Maine, '
if he does not like the amendments proposed by :
the Committee on Public Lands, he can vote them
down. Now, I demand the previous question
upon the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make ,
one or two inquiries of the gentleman who reported
this bill. This is a very important bill 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from j
Missouri withdraw his demand for the previous '
question ? |
Mr. HALL. What do the friends of the bill [
say? [Cries of " No!" " No !*'t{ Do not with-
draw it."] |
Mr. HALL. Very well, I will not withdraw it.
Mr. JONES. Then I say that it is unkind and
unjust to force this bill through the House without I
any discussion. !
[Cried of " Order!" " Order:'*] !
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to ;
make an appeal to the gentleman to withdraw the :
previous question, for the purpose of enabling me j
to offer an amendment, which is to strike out the 1
Keokuckand Dubuque road, and insert what I hold
in my hand. ,
Mr. HALL. I cannot do it, sir.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask, when the question
is taken, that it be taken by yeas and nays. '
The SPEAKER. Upon a second we cannot
have the yeas and nays, but upon ordering; the t
main question to be put we can. ;
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to have my amend- '
ment read for the information of the House.
Mr. HALL. I must object to that. '
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the bill and amend-
ments upon the table, and upon that I ask the yeas 1
and nays. j
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The i* c-sti^n was then put upon Mr. Dean's. 1
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative— j
yeas 102, nays 68; as follows: t
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Ashe. Avereu, Babcock,
David J. Bailey, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Boco^k, Brajr^, ,
Bueil, Burrows, Bu>by, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell,
Carttf-r, Ca^kie, Chapman. Cha^ain, Churchwell, Clove-
land, Clingman, Colcock, Cuitis, Darnel, Geome T. Davis, ;
Dawson, Dean, Doekery, Duncan. Eci^eiton, Kdiiiund^ou,
Faulkner, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas.I. D. Fuller, Gamble, 1
(tiddinsrs. Grow, Hall. Hamilton, Haipri\ Isham G. Harris,
ilart, Hibbard, IJillyer, Holladay. Houston, John W. Howe,
Thomas Y. How,Hunter,Xngersoil,iyp:~, Jackson,Jenkins, !
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jonec, J. Glaucy fones,
George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Martin, I
Mason, McLanahan, McMuilin, McNair, McGAueen, i
Meacham, Millson, Miner, Morehead, Murphy, Murray, j
Newton, Outlaw, Peaslee. Polk, Powell, Robbing, Robie, ;
Ross, Russell, Savage, Sclioonmaker, Scu-Mer, David L. i
Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour. Skeiton, Smart, fc5ianJ>,
Benjamin Stanton, Ta\ior.Thuis>ton, Walbridge, WaHarv, ,
Watkin<, Welch, Wells, Wildrick, and Woodward—102.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombio, Willis Allen, William '
Appleton, Bi&sell, Brcnton, Briggs, Albeit G. Brown, Lewis '
D. Campbell, Chandler, Clark, Cobb,Conner. Cuilom, John !
G. Davis, Disney, Durkee, Eastman, Ficklm, Florence, ;
Gaylord, Gentry, Gilinore, Goodrich, Gorman, Grey, Samp- ;
f^on W. Harris, Haseali, Hendricks, Henri, Thomas M.
Howe, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robeit W. Johnson, :
Kuhns, Landry, Lockliart, Mace, Edward C. Mar nalt, ;
Humphrey Mat^Lall, Millei, Molony, Ilenrv D. Moo'e, .
John Moote, OMs Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Penm-
man, Phelps, Richardson, Sackett, Scarry, Smith, Frede- ,
rick P. Stanton, Kichard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens,
Stone, St. Martin, Stiotber, Stuart, Geoige W. Thompson, :
Toombs, Town-shend, Walsh, Ward. Addison While, ,
Alexander White, and Williams—68.
So the bill and amendments were laid on the i
table.
Mr. COBB obtained the floor.
Mr. HALL. Will the gentleman from Ala- j
bama yield me the floor for a moment? I rise to
make a privileged question.
Mr. CLEVELAND. T rise to a privileged :
question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis- .
souri is already upon the floor to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. HALL. I move to reconsider the vote '
just taken, and upon that E call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr, JONES I move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table; and upon that motion I
ask the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. I move that the House proceed to
the business upon the Speaker's table, the morn-
ing hour having expired.
Mr. JONES. I submit a question whether the
gentleman can do that while a privileged motion
is pending. The question to reconsider is a priv-
ileged question, and I think supersedes the other.
The SPEAKER. The business of the morn-
ing hour, the gentleman will recollect, may be at
any time suspended for the purpose of submitting
the motion made by the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. ORR. Take it by tellers.
Mr. COBB. Well, we will try it first by tellers,
and I ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Fuller, and
Cobb were appointed; and the question being taken
upon Mr. Cobb's motion, the tellers reported—
ayes 72, noes 79.
Mr. BISSELL. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. STUART. I ask for tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. St. Martin,
and Fuller of Maine, were appointed; and the
House being counted, tellers reported 40 in the af-
firmative—deemed to be sufficient.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. I move that this House do- now
adjourn.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MACE. 1 withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it m order to move that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole upon the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
it is in order until the motion to go to the business
upon the Speaker's table has been disposed of.
There being private business upon the Speaker's
table, the Chair thinks that the proposition to go
to the business upon the Speaker's table should
be first put.
Mi. JOHN W. HOWE. I want to know, if
we make a final end of this bill to-day, what will
becomo of the speech of the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Ci Am*] which is unfinished5 [Laughter.]
The question was Then taken upon Mr. Cobb's
motion to proceed to the business upon the Speak-
er's table, and ir was decided in the negative-
ayes 72, noes 103; as follows:
YBAS— Messrs.. Abercroinbie, Willis Allen, William
Applet on. Hell, liibiyhausi, 15i-m 11, Bmvni', Ihenton, Linens,
Albert G 'Brown, E". Carnngton C: !v!l, Cartter, Chaiuiiei,
Clask, Cobh, Daniel, John G. Davi<, Duncan, Dunham,
Durkee, Edgoiton, Whim, Fioicuce. Gaylord, Giddm^,
Gihrui<\ Gorman,Green,Hull, Haw?, Heh.ird, Hendricks,
He/in, Howaid, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Knhn*>,
Landry, Lock hart, Mason, McNair, Millei, Miner, Molony,
Henrv D. Moore, John Moore, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Pejiu, Penniman, Phelps, Richardson, Sackett, School-
cratt, Scurry, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard K.
Stanton, Abr'in P. Steven?, at. Maitm, Straiton, Stroilier,
Stuait. George W. Thompson, Wallace, Walsh, Ward,
W  Icn. Addison White, Alex'r White, and Williams—7-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Chailes Allen, Allison, John
Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcock, iiarrme, Beale, Ucn-
nett, Bra??, Huell, Burrows, Bu-by, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Thomp&on Campbell, Caskie, Chapman. Cha-
taau C'evpland, Clingnvm, Colcock, Conner, Cottman,
Cullom. Curtsy, Ccorgc T. Davis, Dean, Doekery, Doty,
Ednumdhon, Faulkner, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Gamble,Grey,Grow,Hamilton,IshamG. Harm,Hart,
Hawaii, IJibbard, Hillyei, Holladdv, Houston, Joh$ W.
Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, In-
£er>oll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Dame.] T. Jones, George
VV. Jones, J. GJdncy Jones, George G. King, Preston King,
Kurt/,. Letcher. Mace, Edward C. Marshall, Martin, Mc-
Donald, McLanahan, MoMullm, McQueen, Meacham,
Meade, Million, Morehead, Murphy, Murray, Newton,
Outlaw, l'easiee, Polk, Powell, Kantoul, Kiddle, Robbing,
Robie, Robs, Russell, Schoonmakcr, Scudder, T)avul I;.
Sejmour, Origcti S.Seymour, SKellon, Stanly, Benjamin
Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens,Taylor, Thurston, Towns-
liend, Walbridge, Watkius, WeiJs, Wildrick, and Wood-
waid—103.
So the House refused to proceed to the business
upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. CLARK. I mote that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. BISSELL. I ask the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Clap.k] to withdraw that motion, so as to
allow me to submit another, which, perhaps. w>.!l
be better.
Mr. (..LARK. T withdraw the motion.
Mr. BISSELL. I move that the rules_be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the Ktate of the T nion.
Mr. DEAN. Is that motion in order?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. BissellI moved that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DEAN. I thought the motion was to go
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. DANIEL. I wish to say, if that motion
does not prevail, I shall move to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Daniel] has the right to make that
motion now, and it would take precedence of the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Bis.-
seli..]
Mr. DANIEL. Then I make that motion.
Mr. DEAN. Is that motion in order, while a
motion to reconsider and lay upon the table is
pendihg > *
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. DEAN. I understood the Speaker to de-
cide, when the motion was made before, that it
was not in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered upon the Journal, and can be called
up at any time the gentleman elects to do it, ex-
cept when some other privileged question over-
rides its consideration.
Mr. RICH A RDSON. I hope there will be no
objection to taking up some of the territorial bills.
Mr. STANLY. I object, decidedly. ^
Mr. BISSELL. It is manifest that if we go on
in this way—one ijjde trying to kill the bill, and
the other trying to save it—we shall do nothing.
I move that we go into the Committee of the
Whole on the stale of the Union.
[Cues of "Order!" "Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man if the bill is not dead already?
Mr. DEAN, is this a debatable qrfestion?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DEAN. Then I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAK G',R. The motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] must be first
put, under the rules.
Mr. ORll. I rise to a privileged question. I
move that the House do now adjourn. This is
Saturday, and we have worked hard all the week.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I ask for the yeas
and nays noma that motion.
The yea^ffid nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Daniel.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. I call for the yeas and
navs upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 70, nays 113; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs Willis Allen, Dispell, Bowne, Briggs,
Lewis D. Campbell, Curtter, Clark, Clinuman, Cullom,
Cuius, John G. Davis. Dawson, Disney, Duncan, Dun-
ham, Durkee, Btlgerton, Picklin, Florence, Gentry, Gil-
more, Gorman, Green, Hall, Dan, Haivs, Hendricks, Henn,
Howard, Thomas Y. How, Hunter, James Johnson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, J. Glaney Jones, Kurtz,
Landry, Deekllart, Mace, Edward C. Marshall, Miller,
Mint*]. John Moore, Okls. Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
Penniman, Phejp-. folk, Richardson, Russell, Schoolcraft,
Scurrv. Smith, Frederrck P. Stanton, Kiehard H. Stanton,
Alexander II. ?lt|H.en-, fcSt. Martin, Stuart, George W.
Thornp-on,Thurston,Toomhs,Townfehend. Walsh. Ward,
Wa-hburn, Alex. White, Williams, and Woodward—70.
KAYS—Mess:*, 'ibeieromlne. Aiken, Charles Allen,
Allien. John Appleton, William Appleton, Averett, Bab-
enek, Thomas II. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bennett,
Bihiphauii. Bocock, Breckinridge, Brenton, Albert G.
Brown. Buell, Burrows, Busby, 1?. Carnngton Cabell,
Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chandler, Chap-
man, Ch'astain, Ohurehwell, Cleveland, Cobb, Colcock,
Conger, Daniel, George T. Davis, Dean, Doekery, Doty,
Edmund^on, Ewing, Faulkner, Fitch, Floyd, iowler,
Thomas J T>. Fuller, Gamble, Giddings, Goodrich, Grey,
Grow, Hamilton. Harper, lsham G. Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Hascall. Hibbard, Hillver. HoJIaday,Houston. John
W. Howe, Thomas >1. Howe, Ingersoll, Ives. Jackson,
Jenkins, Daniel T.Jones, George W. Jones, George G.
Kimr, Preston Kins, Kulms, Letcher, Humphrey Marshall,
Martin, Mason, McDonald, McLanahan, McMulhn, Mc-
Xair. MeUua-m, Meaeliam, Meade, jlilison, Henry D.
Moore Moiehead, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Newton,
peaslee, Prwelt V^e, Kantoul kobbms, Robie, Rose,
Schoonmaker, Scudder,David L. Seymour,
mmir. Skelton. Smart, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham
