1510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 31,
Y. Stevens, Stratton,Taylor, Venable, Walbridfre, Wallace,
Watkins, Welch, Wells, A. White, and Wildriek—U)3.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, when his name
was called, said: "It is Saturday evening, and
two o'clock. I therefore vote aye,
Mr. CLARK. 1 move that the House go into
Committee of the "Whole upon the Private Cal-
endar.
The SPEAKER. That motion is now pend-
ing, and upon it the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
go into Committee of the Whole upon the Private
Calendar, and it was decided in the negative—
ayes 36, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, William Appleton, Bell,
Bissell, Brenton, Briggs, Clark, Cobb, Daniel, George T.
Davis, John (J. DavN, Dockery, Dunnana, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Ficklin, Florence, Henry 1VI. Fuller, Gav-
lord^Gorman, Green, Hall, Hendricks, Henn, Howard,
Thomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ives, James Johnson,
John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,Knhns, Kurtz, Landry,
Xioekhart, Mace, McNair, Miiler, Miner, Molony, Henry
D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Olds, Phelps, Puce,
Richardson, Robbins, Scurry, St. Martin, Stratton, Stuart,
Walfi), Welch, and Wells—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, John Appleton, Aver-
ett, Babcock, David J. Hailey, Thomas H. i3ayly, Bar-
rere, Beale, Bennett, Bibighaus, Albert G. Brown, Buell,
Burrows, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chapman, Chastain,
Churehwell, Cleveland, Clingman, Colcock, Conger, Cul-
lom, Curtis, Dawson, Dean", Duncan, Faulkner, Floyd,
Fowler, Gamble, Gilmore, Goodrich, Grey, Giow, Hamil-
ton, Harper, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart,
Jtfaws, Ilascall, Ilibbard, Hillycr, Hotladay, Houston, John
W. Howe, Ingersoll. Jackson, Daniel T. Jones', Geome W.
Jones, Georce G, King, Preston JKing, Li'tcher, Martin,
Mason, McDonald, McLanalmn, jYIcMuIIui, McQuecn,
Meade, Miltson, Morrison, Mmpby, Murray, Newton,
Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Poimiman, Polk, Powell, Rid-
dle, Kobie, Ross, Russell, Sackett, Schoonmakei, touchier,
David L. Seymour, Oiigen S. Seymour, Skolton, Smith,
Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fredenck P. Stanton,
Richard IT. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Alexander If.
Stephens, Taylor, Tlunston, Townshend, Venable, Wal-
bridge, Wallace, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Addison
White, Alexander Wlute, Wilcox, Williams, and Wood-
ward—109.
So the mofion was not agreed to.
Mr. MACE. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make an
inquiry of the Chair, before that motion is put, as
to the condition of business. If the House should
adjourn now, will the motion to reconsider the
vote rejecting the railroad hill come up on Mon-
day as the unfinished business of this day; or is
there any motion that will exclude
The SPEAKER. The Chair wififeecide that
motion when it is regularly up.
Mr. JONES. Is there any motion now pend-
ing ?
The SPEAKER. There is a motion that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BUELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to adjourn.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I ask for tellers
upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr, STANLY. Is it in order to ask the gen-
tlemen to withdraw the motion, and let us have
two or three speeches? We have had no chance
here.
Messrs. Stanly and Hall were appointed tell-
ers on the yeas and nays, and, the House being
counted, the tellers reported—ayes 35, noes 84;
there being one fifth, the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. MACE. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ .'
Mr. HENDRICKS. I renew the motion.
Mr. LETCHER.- I ask for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. HEBARD. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 79.
So the House, at half-past three o'clock, ad-
journed until Monday, at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorials &c., were presented
under the rule* atfd referred tn the appropriate committees:
By Mr. GAMBLE: A petition, signed by Kimber
Cleaver and Daniel Miller, E-^qs.. and 46 others, citizens of
Shamokm, Northumberland county, Pennsylvania, asking
the imposition of a specific duty upon all imports, suffi-
ciently high to protect domestic manufactures and the pro-
tection ot the raw material, and a capitation tax of $250
each on all foreigners emigrating to this country, for the
protection of American labor.
By Mr. MACE: The petition of William P. Davis and
163 other?, citizens of Boone .county, Indiana, asking for a
grant of land" to aid m making a railroad from Springfield,
Illinois, to Andersontown, Indiana, via Danville, Coving-
ton, Crawford^ville, Lebanon, and Noblesvilie.
By Mr. JONES, of New York: The petition of Eheti-
ezcr Conch, a soldier of the Revolution, andsundiyothers,
for an increase of pension to said Conch.
IN SENATE.
Momday, May 31, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the War Depart-
ment, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 25th instant, transmitting a report of
the Chief of the Topographical Engineers, in re-
lation to the cost of improving the navigation of
the Tennessee river; which, on motion of Mr.
Bell, was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
RECESS.
Mr. MANGUM. Mr. President, it has been
usual for several years past, upon the approach of
a National Convention to nominate candidates for
Piesident and Vice President, for the Senate to
adjourn over, to avoid the necessity of having to
pass upon important matters of legislation with a
bare quorum present. With a view to avoid that
difficulty, 1 now move that, when the Semite ad-
journs to-day, it adjourn to meet on Thursday
next. I had supposed that, with reasonable har-
mony in the party about to assemble, they might
get through with the business about Wednesday;
but I will say Thursday.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Mangum] will modify his motion,
so that the adjournment, for the purpose of taking
up the carpets, may take place on Wednesday
next to 8 o'clock on Thursday morning, when we
can adjourn to Monday next, to give ihe work-
men all thetime they may need to put the Chamber
m its summer costume. We can thus have until
the adjournment on Wednesday to transact
business.
Mr. BUTLER. If a good reason can be given
for the motion, I shall vote for it. I shall vote for
an adjournment for the purpose of cleaning the
Senate Chamber. I think there is more occasion
for that than for adjourning in reference to the
Baltimore Convention. If 1 should express my-
self fairly on that subject, I would say that I
should dislike to see the Senate yield to any con-
sideration of that kind—to adjourn for any such
Convention ; but I am perfectly willing to adjourn
over for the purpose of cleaning the Hall.
Mr. MANGITM. It has been the practice
heretofore to adjourn over on such an occasion.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator will not move
the adjournment to take place now.
Mr, MANGUM. My motion is, that when
the Senate adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Thursday.
Mr. GWIN. Would it not be as well to ad-
journ from Wednesday next?—and, in the rnea^.-
tim% the Senate can proceed with the considera-
tion of the deficiency bill, upon which the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] desires to address
the Senate.
Mr. CASS. I would ask whether it is neces-
sary to take any order respecting the cleaning of the
Chamber? for it is certainly indispensable that that
should be done, and I think we can have no better
opportunity to do it?
The PRESIDENT. There will be no necessity
for any such order if there is an understanding of
the kind. If it be the understanding of the Senate
that the carpets are to be taken up m the mean
time, no order will be necessary for that purpose.
Mr. CASS. T hope it will be so understood;
or, if that is not the understanding, a formal mo-
tion for that purpose can be made.
Air. HALE. If that is the reason for adjourn-
ing: now, we shall want some plausible reason for
adjourning when the Whig Convention sits, and I
do not know what it will be. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the morning business
will be dispensed with, in order to take up the
deficiency bill, that the Senator from Virginia may
have an opportunity of addressing the Senate on
that subject this morning. I move that the morn-
ing business be dispensed with for the purpose of
taking up the deficiency bill.
The PRESIDENT. There are several bills on
the table,
Mr. BRODHEAD. I beg to suggest that the
Senator from Virginia will have an opportunity of
addressing the Senate after the morning business
is gone through with. It will not take more than
half an hour to dispose of it.
Mr. GWIN. It is important that the deficiency
bill should be taken up to-day. It is very doubt-
ful whether we can get through with it to-day;
therefore, I think it is better to take it up early.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The morning business will
not take half an hour.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not ask the Senate to
postpone the morning business on my account.
Mr. MASON. I am sure that the Senate, in
the present peculiar condition of its members, will
not insist upon the morning business. The effect
of it will be to throw my colleague, in his reply
to a very extended debate, to so late an hour as to
give him but a very small opportunity. My col-
league does not ask the Senate to postpone the
morning business on his account, but I would ask
it for him. I think it is due to him. I hope the
Senate will agree to the motion of the Senator from
California to dispense with the morning business,
and take up the deficiency bill.
Mr. HALE. I hope the bills upon the table
of the President will be taken up, as they can go
to the House to-day. If the House votes to ad-
ourn to Thursday, these bills will be thrown into
next week, unless we send them over to-day.
Mr. BORLAND. I would suggest that the de-
ficiency bill be not considered at all to-day. It is
a very important question; and the Senator from
Virginia, as chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, feels it to be his duty to present his views,
no doubt, at considerable length, particularly in
reply to the speeches on the other side. We see
the Senate is thin, and it is very obvious that it is
not particularly disposed to give attention to pub-
lic business to-day, and will not be for several
days to come. I think, therefore, that it would
be better that we should postpone the considera-
tion of the deficiency bill until the next meeting of
the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. I should be very unwilling to
delay the deficiency bill; but it is far more dis-
agreeable to me to speak on this question than it
can be to any one to hear me. I should like to
escape it if I could; but it has been suggested to
me by my friends that perhaps I owe it to those
whose interests I in part represent to answer some
of the positions taken by the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Pearce.] I would certainly much
rather not speak at all than delay action on the
deficiency bill. I hope that bill will be acted on
to-day. All that I ask is, that it shall not be post-
poned. I would rather not speak at all, if by so
doing I should delay action beyond to-day.
Mr. BORLAND. I certainly do not insist upon
the postponement of this question, with a view to
avoid hearing the Senator from Virginia, for no
one deems it of more importance than I do that he
should speak on this subject, and no one would
listen to him with greater satisfaction than myself;
but for the purpose of letting him have an oppor-
tunity of speaking under circumstances where he
would have a better chance to do justice to him-
self, I suggested that it would be better not to take
up the subject to-day; but if the Senator is*pre-
pared and willing to proceed to-day, I shall with-
draw all opposition to the motion, and listen to
him with great satisfaction.
The motion to postpone the prior orders of busi-
ness was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 3852, came up on its third reading,
Mr. HUNTER addressed the Senate at some
length, in reply, mainly, to the speech delivered
by Mr. Pearce on the 29th and 30th ultimo, on
the governmental administration in California,
[His speech will be found in the Appendix*]
