1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2375
He was thus here far into the spring. Then he
was away, and returned occasionally as his ser-
vices were required. My own belief is, that he
gave all the attention to the business which it re-
quired, and with great assiduity. The Govern-
ment has had the benefit of his taste, and I think
we ought not now refuse to make compensation
for it.
Mr. CLEMENS. It occurs to me that I heard
not long ago a speech from the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts against putting citizens upon
the civil pension list. Now, sir, without any sort
of reference to the qualifications of Mr. Downing,
I beg leave to say that we paid him $2,500 a year
for three or four days service in the course of a
month. That ought to be sufficient. He was here
for three or four days in the month. His friends
only claim that he was here a week in each month.
Put it at a week. For that we paid him $2,500 a
year. It now seems that he has been unfortunate,
and has lost his life. Is that any reason why we
should put his widow upon the civil pension list,
and pay her for services which he never rendered ?
Has it ever been done before? Is there a solitary
precedent for anything of the sort? Did not the
nonorable Senator from Massachusetts himself
make a speech against precisely such a case? And
why are we now not only asked to pay for services
which Mr. Downing never rendered, but to pay
for eighteen months' service after he was dead?
A Senator. Not so much.
Mr. CLEMENS. How much ?
A Senator. Eight or nine months.
Mr. CLEMENS. Well, the principle is the
same if it were but one month or one week.
Why pay his widow for services which he could
not render, and did not render? He was here
upon a competent salary—a salary which gratified
him—which he was glad to accept—and now we
are required not only to pay that, although it is
admitted he did not render the service, but we are
required to pay him for eight or nine months' ser-
vice after he was dead. Such a case was never
heard of before. We have never had such a case,
and I am bound to ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. "The laborer is worthy of
his hire;" and 1 believe at this moment there is no
question of charity to the widow of the late Mr.
Downing. The simple proposition submitted by
the amendment is, to make compensation to Mr.
Downing for services rendered to the United
States, and those services, as I understand them,
are the preparation of plans, and the giving to
the country the benefit of his incomparable genius
in a peculiar department of labor, which we now
enjoy, though he has been removed. These plans,
it appears, on evidence which has heen submitted
to the Senate this evening, are valued at $5,000.
In pursuance of these, his successor will be able
to proceed in ornamenting the grounds, and in
other ways contributing to the improvement of
Washington in a manner which he would not be
able to do without the plans, or without the ap-
propriation of a large sum of money to secure
others instead. As I said at the beginning, it is
not a question of charity, but of compensation;
and on that ground I submit that the estate of the
departed artist does deserve the small pittance
which it is proposed to supply. For myself, I
should be much happier to vote for a larger ap-
propriation, believing that these plans are amply
worth it, and that we shall all hereafter feel better
for such a recognition of our debt. There are few
men in the country whom we have employed of
late who deserved more at its hands than Mr.
Downing. At the age of thirty-seven, he has
passed away, leaving behind a reputation superior
to that of any other citizen in the walk of life to
which he had devoted himself. I know of no man
who at that early age had rendered services of such
true beneficence to his country as he had done by
his various works m his profession, and by his ac-
tive superintendence of rural improvements where-
ever in the country his services could be brought
into requisition. By the exercise of his genius
generally, he is entitled to our regard. And now,
sir, by actual services here in Washington, ren-
dered at the call of his country, he has entitled
himself, it seems to me, to this small appropria-
tion, not as charity to his widow, but as compen-
sation for labor done. I hope the amendment will
be agreed to.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am glad that Mr. Down-
ing has found an advocate in the Senator from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumner,] because that sat-
isfies me that I am entirely right in opposing this
appropriation. What has he said ? He has told
us that evidence has been submitted to the Senate
of the extraordinary capacity of Mr. Downing.
What evidence have we had?
Mr. SUMNER. Evidence of his services and
plans.
Mr. CLEMENS. Of his services and plans!
What evidence have we had ? A private letter
here from a private man; and who is there in this
country so low that cannot get it ? Arid it is by his
successor in office at-that, too ! What evidence,
then, have we had submitted of his extraordinary
capacity? None. Rut suppose we had the most
conclusive evidence of his capacity—is that any
reason why we should go beyond the limits of
duty, and put his widow on a civil pension list,
for it amounts to that? If we intend to establish
a civil pension list, let us establish it openly. If
we go beyond the bounds of the amount which
we agreed to pay him, and pay his widow for civil
services, who is there in the land that may not
apply for them ? Who is there that may not ask
that his widow also may be provided for by the
Congress of the United States? And where are
these appropriations to end? Who is to pay for
them finally? They must come from the pockets
of the people; they must come from your con-
stituents, sir, and mine; not from those of the
Senator from Massachusetts, because his are a
manufacturing constituency, and we pay them a
bounty. They get the benefits of all taxes levied
by the Government. I am not at all surprised
that he wants taxes levied by the Government.
His constituents get them. You and I, sir, have
to pay them, and it is a very material difference
between us. Sir, I insist there shall be an eco-
nomical administration of the Government. That
Senator told us to-day, in one of the most infa-
mous speeches that was ever made anywhere, that
he was a Democrat. I deny it. He never had a
particle of Democracy in him. None of that
breed ever was a Democrat, and you cannot make
Democrats out of them. But he said he was a
Democrat. If he is, he is opposed to this extraor-
dinary expenditure of the public money. We
are all opposed to it, because we who live in the
country and have to buy our clothes, and only send
occasionally a pound of meat, or a barrel of corn,
to market, have to pay all these duties. They
get them. I insist that this is one of the most ex-
traordinary propositions that has ever been made
to Congress. I insist that it is a great deal more
extraordinary ^han that proposition which was
opposed by the Senator from Massachusetts on
my right hand, [Mr. Davis,] who has the fortune
to be agentleman, which his colleague has not 
"Order!" "Order!"
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
must not indulge in such language.
Mr. CLEMENS. I insist that we have not had
before us a proposition so extraordinary as that one
which is now made. We are called upon to do
what? To pay the widowof a public officer who
got more money than he was entitled to any how;
who got $2,500 a year for a few days'service in a
month, to pay for nine months'service after he
was dead. Such a thing was never heard of be-
fore. It is worse than that civil pension list upon
which the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Da-
ms] discoursed so eloquently the other day. I
am willing to pay the full amount of salary up to
the day of Mr. Downing's death, although it was
an extravagant and outrageous contract. He
never ought to have had it. It was more than he
was entitled to. Still it was a contract, and I am
willing to pay all that we are bound to pay. Be-
yond that I do not intend to go.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I had formed a high estimate
of Mr. Downing; that he was unequaled in the
line of his profession, and an ornament to his
country. His death really was a public loss.
Still, in consequence of this fact, I cannot set this
example—this precedent of continuing thesalarics
of public officers after death. It commenced with
a President of the United States. This, I believe,
is the second instance of it. If it once be ingraft-
ed on the country, there will be no stopping point
for it; and consequently I feel bound to resist such
an appropriation.
Mr. WELLER. This is a new office which I
never heard of before. I desire information of
some Senators as to the time it jwas created.
" Rural Architect!" I never found such an officer
in the Blue-Book. I desire to know who appoint-
ed the officer? When was the office created?
The President of the United States has no power
to create offices, certainly; and if there be no law
of Congress authorizing that office, I cannot tell
the authority which the President had for making
the contract; therefore I shall be compelled to vote
against the appropriation.
Mr. BELL. I understand that Mr. Downing
was appointed under some authority of law.
Mr. PEARCE. I will state that an appropri-
ation, of I forget how many thousand dollars,
for the purpose of improving the public grounds,
was placed at the disposition of the President.
He had the sole and full authority to apply that
sum under such agency as he thought proper.
He could not be expected to superintend it him-
self; therefore he appointed this gentleman under
that authority; and I will state, I believe it was
universally understood that the appropriation
would not have been passed if it had not been
known that Mr. Downing would be employed.
Mr. BELL. I have so understood it.
- Mr. CLEMENS. 1 never so understood it.
Mr. BELL. I had but a brief acquaintance
with the gentleman. Though I do not profess to
have much experience in the line of the profession
to which he dedicated himself; he impressed me
most favorably as an accomplished and skillful
gentleman in everything he professed to do. I
have heard—but I am not able to speak with great
confidence upon the subject—that he did not seek
any employment at Washington; that he, having
sufficient employment at home, accepted the offer
of the President on the ground of the strong desire
that was manifested by gentlemen," who gave the
information of his rare talents and accomplishments
in this department of the arts. He accepted the
appointment not from any mercenary motive
whatever, but to contribute his skill and talent so
far as it might be approved by the President, to
improve the public grounds in this city in a man-
ner answerable to the public expectation and de-
sire.
I must say that I differ widely from some of the
sentiments expressed upon this subject by Sen-
ators. 1 do not remember that I have ever heard of
any very decided objection being made to very liber-
al appropriations for the enlargement and improve-
ment of the parks and grounds that are reserved
for the public use—the grounds east and west of
the Capitol; the grounds in front ofthe President's
House, and Lafayette Square. Considerable ap-
propriations have been made for them, and for the
grounds connected with the Smithsonian Institu-
tion. These are public grounds, forever to stand
as monuments of the taste of this country. We
have made, again and again, impro\emenN such
as gentlemen of taste have thought ought not to
stand as permanent works under the authority of
the Government; and we have had to change (hem.
Mr. Downing lost his life in returning from his
home to his duties in tins place. He was in the
piime of life; and I concur entirely, from what I
have heard of him, in the pentiments expressed by
the Senator from Illinois in regard to his rare qual-
ifications as a rural architect and horticulturist.
I understand he had no equal in this country in
that line. I do not pretend to be any jud^e of
such subjects myself; but I regard his loss as a
public calamity, as has been said by honorable
Senators. Such things as rural architecture; the
improvement of grounds around your cottages, if
you please—because the laying off of the small
grounds around thecottagc, is a part of the wealth
even of the poor cottage of the country—ore im-
portant. Upon every ground, 1 differ with some
of the sentiments expressed on tins floor; and it
appears to me that there is something exceedingly
illiberal in the amendment, even as it came from
the Committee on Finance.
We have the statement of Mr. Breckenridsre,
a gentleman who is said to stand next to Mr.
Downing in his qualifications foi this situation,
certifying that he thinks the designs and drawings
left by Mr. Downing, which are original, and such
as all gentlemen of taste who have examined them
approve, are worth ^5,000. The amendment pro-
poses to give him the remnant of his salary, and a
small sum in addition, for these designs, upon the
proviso that Ins estate shall relinquish all further
ckuius for these valuable drawings. The question
