1852.
Mr. PEARCE again spoke in response to Mr.
Hunter, and a long: debate ensued, in which
Messrs. Dawson, Weller, Houston, Gwik,
and Borland took part. [A report of the debate
is published; in the Appendix.] At the close of the
debate, the bill was passed.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
THE COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY.
The PRESIDENT of the Senate supplied the
vacancy on the Committee on 'the Judiciary, oc-
casioned by the resignation of Mr. Berrien, by
the appointment of Mr. Badger.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following; bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were read a first and second time and
referred—the first to the Committee on Public
Lands, and the second to the Committee on Com-
merce:
An act to enable the Legislature of the State of
Indiana to dispose of unsold saline lands in said
State; and
An art to change the name of the American-
built vessel named " Amelia," and to grant a
register in her name.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
The PRESIDENT. There is a bill returned
from the House of Representatives with an amend-
ment.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
Mr. COOPER. Is that the Missouri land bill ?
t The PRESIDENT. It is a bill granting the
right of way to the State of Missouri, and a por-
tion of the public lands, to aid in the construction
of certain railroads therein.
Mr. COOPER. I hope that bill will not be
taken up now.
The PRESIDENT. The bill comes up now as
a matter of course.
Mr, COOPER. I move that its further consid-
eration be postponed until Thursday next.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust not. The amendment
which has been made by the House of Represent-
atives is one restricting the grant, and we are will-
ing to accept it. I hope the vote will be taken
now.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the postpone-
ment will not be agreed to. i have examined the i
amendment, and I think it is a proper one. The !
House of Representatives has improved on the
action of the Senate. I trust that, as these lands
are being rapidly swept uway by land-warrant '
entries, if the grant is to be to Missouri, it will be 1
made now. As the bill has struggled for a long !
while, and been for years before Congress, I hope '
the Senate will now consent to the amendment. i
Mr. COOPER. I withdraw the motion which i
I made to postpone the subject, and move to refer
the amendment to the Committee on Public Lands.
I can see no reason why there should be such
haste In regard to it.
Mr. FELCH. I think that, if theSenator will
allow the amendment to be read, he will find that,
in order to meet his views, it will be hardly neces-
sary to refer it to that committee. It hnuts the
grant, and I suppose that those who are opposed j
to granting lands for railroads would certainly not j
object to an amendment of that description. I see I
no necessity for referring it to the Committee 011 |
Public Lands, and 1 hope it will not be referred. !
Mr. GEYER. I apprehend that the commit-
ment will answerno purpose but to produce delay. I
The bill, as it went from the Senate, contained a !
fifth section, which permitted the land to be sold j
at the discietion of the State, with no other lim- 1
itation than that if the road was not completed I
wnhin ten years the State was to pay to the Gen- j
eral Government all the money received from tke |
lands sold. !
The amendment of the House of Representa- !
tives provides that only one hundred and twenty \
sections shall be sold until twenty miles of the road ;
are completed, and so on, taking security all the |
time that the road, for every twenty miles, shall be !
made before any more lands shall be sold. Its 1
effector) the Missouri railroads wjl be, that forty •
miles, twenty on each, must be constructed before j
the State can receive a solitary cent from theland. ;
One reason why 1 am indisposed to commit this
bill is this: I am satisfied that the Committee 011
Public Lands will report in favor of the amend-
ment, and delay at this stage is almost ruinous.
The lands are being entered by military land war- j
rants almost every hour, and we have now before !
us a bill which will probably pass Congress at
this session, railed the homestead bill. It is im-
portant that these railroad bills should be passed
at once, if it is designed that there ever shall
another dollar come into the Treasury from the
public lands. A dollar and twenty-five cents will
I be saved to the Treasury for every acre that is
| dedicated to these railroads.
j The motion to refer was not agreed to.
I Mr, COOPER. I move that the Senate do now
I adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Thf  amendment was read. It is to strike out
the fifth section of the Senate bill, which is in
these words:
Sec..'), jind be it further enacted, That if either of the
said iai!road< fliall not he completed within ten the
i ?aul State of Mi-soun ?h<ill bo bound to pay to the United
: States tlie amount which may be received" hv said State
upon the sale of any part of saul land-' granted for the u-e
ni such loads; the title to the piuehasers under said State
reimmmss valid, and the rule to the le^idue of said laiuU
granted to the u-e ot said roads «imiJ ic invent in the United
Stat'"*, to have and to hold the same in the same manner as
if this act had not been pas-sed.
And to insert in lieu of it the following:
Str. o. J3nd he t! further enat tc/, That the land* hereby
planted lo *n?d State shall be deposed ot bytaid State only
in manner following, that is to wiy • ihat a quantity of land,
not exceeding one hmidied and twenty sections, on each
ro-id, and included within a continuous length ot twenty
mile* of said road, may he sold ; and when the Governor
of said State shall certify to the Secretary of the Tntenor
that said twenty miles of vnd road 1- completed, then an-
other Jilce quantity hereby granted, mav be sold, arid ^o,
from time to nine, until «-aid mad is completed; and if said
road be not completed within ten yean, no further sales
shall be made, and the lands unsold shall revert to the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. COOPER called for th e yeas and nays on
concuiring in the amendment; and they were or-
dered; and, being taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays
J; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, Borland. Bradbury,'Brooke,
Cha^-e, Dawson, De Sau ure, Dod^e of Wi-cousin. Docile .
of Iowa, Dou^lac, Feloh, Geyer, Gwin, Hale, Houston,
Hunter, Torn-* of Iowa, Kins. Mailorv. Morton, JVorns, :
Rusk, Sebastian, Spruance, Sumner, Underwood, Wade, !
and VWJier—2S. '
NAY—Mr. Cooper. i
No quorum voting. j
Mi*. COOPER moved that the Senate do now |
adjourn-, which was not agreed to. ;
Mr. A TO HI SON. Although I am very anx- j
ions that the bill shall pass, I am unwilling, for
my own gratification, to send for gentlemen who I
are now absent. I trust that the bill will be taken i
up, as a matter of course, next Thursday, when
the Senate meets again, when no call for the yeas ;
and nays wjH have the effect of defeating it.
Hoping that course will be pursued, 1 move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. COOPER. If the Senator's remark is in- i
tended for me, I will only say that X will do here, j
at all times, what my duty enjoins upon me.
two thirds, under a suspension of the rules. The
first business in order is the execution of that spe-
cial order, and it is not in order to suspend .the
rules until that special order be in some way
disposed of. The gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Sibley] moves that the special order be post-
poned until the House shall have disposed of the
territorial business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be the pleasure of the.
House to take up the territorial business, as a
matter of course, I do not intend to throw any ob-
structions in the way. Some of these bills are
contested, and in the present condition of the
House I take it for granted that there will be a
disinclination and indisposition upon the part of
everybody to press any contested legislation to
final action. There is this that we can do, if we
would agree to do it—that is, to receive such re-
ports from committees as require a mere reference.
For instance, the Committee on Claims have a
great many reports which they would present and
have referred to the Committee of the Whole
House. Other committees are in the same condi-
tion. That class of business we could do just as
well as if the House were full.
The SPEAKER. Is objection made to the
proposition of the gentleman from Minnesota ?
[Mr. Sibley ]
Mr. JO^J ES, of Tennessee. Is the proposition
to take up the territorial bills upon the table and
dispose of them ?
The SPEAKER. That is the proposition.
Mr. JONES. Then that mii^ht postpone the
special order a whole week. A great many of
these bills—[ do not know the nature of them all
—were objected to in the Committee of the Whole,
and 
Mr. SIBLEY. I rise to a question of order. I
do not think it is competent for the gentleman to
get up and make an argument against my propo-
sition.
The SPEAKER. Remarks are out of order on
all sides.
Mr. AVERETT, I object to the proposition.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sib-
lev.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Allow me to ask the Chair
a question. . I would be willing to vote for a post-
ponement of the special order, but I desire the
Chair to inform me, if doing that, I at the same
time vote for taking up the territoiial business?
The SPEAKER, You do. It is a compound
motion.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. Can this be done
without n suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER.. The Chair doubts. You can-
not suspend the rules, and the question is, can you
postpone the special order by less than a two thirds
vote. The Chair is of opinion that you can post-
pone, by a majority, to a particular day. The
an times, wnat my amy enjoins upon me. ji efect of, the ^ntleman's motion would hardly
Mr. ATCHISON. I say that the call for the 4 change that Pnnfiple.
yeas and navs was intended to defeat the bill, i HARRIS. There is a motion pending to
The PRESIDENT. The motion was to ad- !| su?Pent 'h® .
,„v „VA I; ihe SPEAKER. No motion would be morder
to suspend the rules, while the House is in the
journ. Senators will take their seats. Theyhave
no right to make any remaiks when a motion to
adjourn is pending.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed until Thursday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. :
Monday, .May 31, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. jVI. Buti.lr.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
Mr. SIBLEY. I desire to make a motion that
the business allotted to the morning hour be post-
poned, with a view to take up, and have disposed
of, the unfinished territorial business which has :
been reported from the Committee of the Whole 1
on the state of the Union.
Mr. OLDS. I suppose the motion is merely
that the territorial business be taken up before we ■
commence with the morning h<an\
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by >
unanimous consent.
Mr. SIBLEY. Then, if there is objection, 1
move to suspend the rules, to enable me to intro- ,
duce the motion. ;
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
The special order was made by the concurrence of ;
! execution of an order made under a suspension
| of the rules, and by a vote of two thirds; and the
' proposition now is, to suspend that special order
thus made.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sibley's
motion, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. McMCJLLIN. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. HARRIS. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. Then the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] is objected
to.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rules?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, for the
reason that the House is now executing a special
order made under a suspension of the rules; and
we cannot pile one.speeial order upon another.
TKE IOWA LAND BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire if
the question under consideration, when the House
adjourned on Saturday last, does not come up for
consideration 5 It was a report from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKEPv. The Chair will respond to
