600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 19,
not able to assert and maintain their own rights;it
should not be thought hard and strange that when
they have the power to maintain them that they
should exercise it. I tell the gentlemen who proph-
ecy that the new States will own the lands within
their limits, that he most probably will live to see
the fulfillment of his prophecy. I have not made
the calculation, nor is it necessary that I should do
so, as to the precise amount which a tax of a half
cent per acre would have yielded since they have
been owned by the Government, yet, suffice it to
say, that there- would have been furnished a sum
of money greater than that is asked far any rail-
road improvement. It would cover everything in
connection with the alternate sections—placing
them at §1 25 per acre. We are told, in granting
th>Se land3, that the}' are all to be estimated at
§1 25 per acre—that m granting 1,000,000 of acres
you grant $1,250,000. That has been the estimate
of gentlemen upon this floor. Is that correct?
The way to ascertain if it is correct is, to turn -to
their own States, and see if it applies there. The
honorable member from Tennessee, [Mr. Wat-
kins,] wh'o addressed the House upon yesterday,
gave us data which I was very glad to hear from
him. . He gave-us information in regard to the
grants made to his State. I will say to him, that
many of his views developed in the portion of the
speech to which 1 have reference—for the provision
of a homestead for the actual settler, met with my
hearty approval. Members, by looking to their
own States, will see that the estimation of all lands
at$l 25 per acre, is a fallacious calculation. Take,
for instance, the Suite of Tennessee. North Car-
olina, in 1789, made a most munificent grant to the
State of Tennessee—of lands within her limits,
subject, however, to the satisfaction of North Car-
olina military land warrants.
It turns out, as I understand it, that not one cent
was ever realized by the General Government out
of that grant; and what was not taken to satisfy
North Carolina military land warrants., was of-
fered for sale at twelve and a half cents per acre
from year to year, and would not bring that sum
even at the present time. Afterwards, in 1840, land
was granted free of charge to the State of Tennessee,
and i understand that even now any person may
obtain a title to a tract of these lands transferred
to him, by paying the clerk of the county in
which they lie his fees, (seventy-five cents,) for his
services in preparing the papers. A portion of
these lands are bestowed upon settlers free of all
charge, except the fee of seventy-five cents to the
officer, and yet, when we come to talk about the
new States of Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa,
and others of the new States and Territories, every
acre of land granted by the General Government
13 set down at $1 25 an acre. I repeat, there is
not a State in this Union, and never has been at
rtny time, when the wild lands would be worth,
taken together, 2."> per arre. How is it with
Illinois? 1 believe it is not denied, that 11111101"!
has the largest proportion of agricultural lands of
any State in the Union. She does not compete
with her sister State Missouri, in the variety and
abundance of ores, but ill respect of her fanning
land, her feitile and productive soil, not one of
the States of this Union can compare with the
State of Illinois. Is the land in that State
worth a dollar and a quarter? Not so. I doubt
whether, upon an average, it is worth fifty cents
an acre. We have prairies there that would as-
tonish a man who had been raised in a timbered
country, and used to clearing ln's farm by cutting
down large trees, rolling logs m the spring, and
getting off dead timber from his fields. We have
very large prairies there, extending one hundred
and fifty to two hundred miles in length, inter-
spersed, to he sure, with timber. You may travel
from Chicago, upon the lake, south, for one hun-
dred and fifty miles through a prairie country, and
It is one vast body of land, and for richness and
fertility of soil, is not to be surpassed upon this
continent. The prairies in this section are snmc
of them fifteen, twenty, and thirty miles in width.
\on£>l',e course of ordinary settlement,
win it be before these lands are sold at 25 per
acre, without extraneous aid. I \enture to say,
that they would not be settled within one hundred
years.
The- last Congress granted to Illinois, Missis-
sippi, and Alabama, alternate sections of land for
the construction of the Mobile and Chicago Rail-
road. That road passes through this prairie coun-
try, and will run from fifty to sixty miles, and in
some places much greater distances, without hav-
ing any considerable elevation or depression to
overcome, and across the most beautiful country
for a railroad that can be found in the Union.
The passing of that railroad from north to south,
will bring into market those lands which would
not be sold for a century to come, and gives to
this Government &2 50 per acre for land which
could not be sold for fifty cents per acre without
the road. That is the effect which that railroad
will bring about. That railroad will be made, and
it will enable the people of the North, and of the
Northwest, to exchange the products of that coun-
try for the products of the Southwest. It will
enable the people of Illinois, in other words, to
exchange corn, beef, and pork, with the people of
the Southern States for their cotton, rice, and
sugar.
Now, .1 will say a word in regard to my friends
from Ohio. I find from indications heretofore
made upon this floor, that some of our friends in
that State intend to vote against these Missouri
and Iowa roads. 1 am astonished to find that any
representative from the State of Ohio would for a
moment entertain the proposition of voting against
these projects. These bills, as far as I have ex-
amined them, and as far as I can judge of the
geography of the country, are well conceived, and
The roads are judiciously located. They are roads
pointing to the Atlantic and Pacific, and which,
therefore, connect themselves in an eminent degree
with the interests of Ohio.
Mr. MEACHAM (here interrupting) made an
inquiry, which was inaudible to the reporter.
Mr." FICKLIN, (resuming.) 1 was remarking,
that I was astonished that any one from the State
of Ohio should think of voting against either the
Missouri or Iowa railroad bill. The eastern con-
nection of these roads must pass, of necessity,
through the State of Ohio.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man from Illinois will give way, I will move that
the House adjourn.
[Cries of "No! No! No!"J 4
Mr. FICKLIN. There seems to be a general
disposition that I should go on with my remarks,
and it accords with my own feelings to do so. 1
was about to remark,'in regard to the State of
Ohio, that she has had for internal impro\ements
some lands, but not to a very great extent, con-
sidering the wealth and character of the State.
She has, however, had a considerable amount.
The feelings of the people of Ohio, it seems to me,
must be coincident with the feelings of the people
of Illinois. I would as soon have expected to
have found my friends around me from Indiana
opposing this road, as my friends from Ohio.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish the gentle-
man would particularize.
Mr. FICKLIN. Two gerttiemen [Mr. Sweet-
sf,r and Mr. Cartter] have already indicated
their opposition by speeches upon this floor.
Mr. STANTON. I am in favor of the bill.
Mr. FICKLIN. I am glad to learn this fact.
Mr. TAYLOR. I do not like to be considered
among those who are said to be opposed to these
grants for internal improvements in the Western
States, and I will avail myself of the courtesy of
the' gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. FicHliv,] to
make one statement, which I think is due to Ohio,
which I have the honor in part to represent. It is
frequently mentioned in debate, that Ohio has had
a larger proportion of the public lands granted to
her for internal improvements than any other
Western State. This is not so. I understand that
Illinois has had a grant of about 2/100,000 for in-
ternal improvements; and I lu'd much pleasure in
voting for it. Indiana has had more than Ohio. I
am perfectly willing to state to the gentleman that
I ani ready to iote for these appropriations to aid
Missouri in her internal improvements. T only
wish the policy of the majority of this House
would so modify the present bill as to allow a
grant to the railroad from the western portion of
the country, through Missouri, Illinois. Indiana,
and Ohio, to connect with the great internal im-
provement of the State of Maryland, by which
we might have a -Treat national wor!c, from the
western limits of the United States lo the east,
worthy of the nation. Such a work shall have
my hearty approval.
Mr. FfditlN. I thank my friend for his ex-
pression of interest in this matter, and am glad to
find that he is right. I hope he will obtain the
floor before the discussion is through, and give us
the benefit of his eloquence.
Mr. CARTTER, (interrupting.) If the gen-
tleman fj-om Illinois ia anxious to find a member
from Ohio who will oppose this system of appro-
priation, perhaps I can accommodate him.
Mr. FICKLIN. Oh no. I know a couple
already, and that is sufficient for me. I 'nave no
wish to wake up any more of them.
The State of Ohio is a star of the first magni-
tude—one of the first States in this Union. Her
internal improvements are progressing with a
steadiness and rapidity which do her credit. 1 do
not place her vote for this bill upon the ground
that she has received large grants of land from the
Government, but upon the ground that the pro-
visions of the bill are right, and that Ohio, Penn-
sylvania, Maryland, New York, Massachusetts,
and most of the New England States, are directly
interested in it, and cannot oppose the hill without
I voting against their own interests. That is_ the
! groiiud upon which I expect their votes. Now,
[ when 1 see Massachusetts extending her roads
west, in order to invite the trade from the great
valley of the Mississippi; when I see New York
extending her railroads to Buffalo and Dunkirk,
and enlarging her canals for the purpose of getting
a share of that trade; whSn 1 see the struggles that
were made by Pennsylvania in 3846—'7 to extend
her road from Philadelphia to Pittsburg; and when
I see the efforts that are being made by Maryland
and Virginia to reach the Ohio river at Wheeling
and Parkersburg, it seems to me that there is a
blending of interests between these Atlantic States
and the'Mississippi valley which must ultimately
give us their votes for these railroad bills.
Now, how is it in regard to the State of Indi-
ana? Any gentleman wher will take up the his-
tory of that State for the last few years, will find
what gigantic efforts shelias made in laudable and
j praiseworthy improvements. They will find that
five or six railroads, which are now in active oper-
ation, concentrate in her capital.
My friend from Ohio [Mr. Tatlok] seems to
think that the railroad connection between this and
the Wabash valley ^ill not be complete. He can-
not be aware of the fact, that the railroad from
Madison by Indianapolis to Terre Haute, in tl e
State of Indiana, is now completed, and that the
poition first completed, from Madison to Indian-
apolis, has been doing a very heavy business and
yielding very fair profits. Before the frosts of
another winter shall have visited us, the railroad
connection between Boston,'New York, Philadel-
phia, and Baltimore on the east, and Terre Haute
on the Wabash, will be completed, if not by diiect
lines, sufficiently so for all commercial purposes.
The honorable members from Ohio on this floor
could not, if they would, resist t':ose enterprises
which are being carried on by the energy of their
own State, and of the neighboring arid adjacent
States.
Mr. Speaker, this is no sectional question. The
bills reported to this House asking grants of land
for the States of Iowa, Missouri, Arkansas, Al-
abama, Louisiana, and Mississippi, have been
well considered, and the roads therein mentioned
connect themselves with vast and great interests
in this country. You start by railroad fiom the
city of Charleston, in South Carolina, passing
through Augusta and Atlanta, in Georgia, to
Chattanooga, in the State of Tennessee, the main
trunk continuing on to Nashville, Tennessee, and
| a branch extending to Memphis, on tlig Missis-
I sippi river. There is to be, and must be, a coupec-
, tion between Charleston, in South Carolina, and
; Louisville, in Kentucky; between Charleston and
j Memphis, and between the remotest points m
i New England and the great Valley of the ?>iissis-
; sippi, by Boston, Albany, Buffalo, Chicago, and
I Cleaveland. There is, then, r. unity of interests
j in regard to these works that must command the
I support of our friends in the East, and of our
j friends in the South.
i Sir, it was well said by the gentleman from
i Massachusetts—much better said than I can say
! it—that the oneningiip of these great thorough-
I fares enables the people of the West—an ngrienl-
I tural people, to have their produce transported to
j the Atlantic seaboard, either for consumption there
or for further transportation to European marke'e.
i It enables the people of the South to pursue their
' sugar and cotton planting, regardless of raising
