1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60?
provisions; because they can be furnished with all
the provisions they need at cheaper rates, from
the grain-growing States of the West.
Corn usually sells upon the Atlantic seaboard,
I believe, at from sixty c«nts to one dollar per
bushel. It frequently selis in my district, m the
State of Illinois, at ten cents per bushel. Hun-
dreds of thousands of bushels of corn are raised
there, and used in stall-feeding cattle in winter,
which, in the spring, are driven to the Boston,
New York, and Philadelphia markets. What you
want, then, gentlemen, is cheap transportation.
As you cheapen transportation, you give to the
consumer the food necessary to sustain him at a
lower rate than he can otherwise get it. It is
cheaper to send produce a thousand miles by rail-
road than to send U a hundred miles on wheels by
horse-power.
Let it be understood that I do not advocate this
bill upon the ground that the State of Missouri
has not received quite as much as another State.
But I place it upon the broad ground that these
roads are for the benefit of all; that the granting
of alternate sections of the public lands does not
cost anything to the General Government, because
the reserved sections—the price of which is in-
creased to-$2 50 per arre—will yield as much
money, and in less time, than the whole would if
the improvements were not made.
Gentlemen from New York are more familiar
with tins subject than I am, but statistics which I
have seen convince me that much of that portion
of New York lying between Buffalo and Dunkirk,
on Lake Erie, and Albany, would have been still
a wild country but for the canals and railroads
that have been run through it. As soon as those
railroads and canals were in successful operation,
lands went up at once to a higher price.
I have spoken of the immense value of the open-
ing of these great thoroughfares to the States of
Massachusetts, New York, Maryland, Pennsyl-
vania, and Ohio. Let not the gentleman from |
Vermont [Mr. Meaciiam] suppose that there is '
one link in this great chain from the Green Mouu- j
tains to St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri, that j
will be wanting. Thp energies of the American
people are alive to this question, if this connection j
is not made by public lands, it will be made nut of
theprivate purses of capitalists. This undertaking
will be completed. There is no doubt of that.
And the only question now is, will gentlemen from
the old States, who have a faint hope thatny hold-
ing back they can advance the tariff interest, or
that they mav possibly get a portion of these hands
for the old thirteen States, gam anything by so
doing? It is not probable that any portion of
those lands will ever he granted to the old thirteen
States. The new States will never submit to it—
the measure would be fraught with much evil and
no good.
Mr. CHANDLER. Are we to understand the
gentleman, that whether or not gentlemen from
the Eastern States support these measures, they
will get neither the advantages of a tat ill* nor any
portion of the public lands '
Mr. FICKLIN. So far as 1 am concerned, I
will candidly say to the gentleman that I cannot
vote for his tariff.
Mr. CHANDLER. J have no tariff. But I
heard the gentleman talking some time since about
cutting down trees and rolling logs, and I wa&t to
know who it is who has been log-rolling injfon-
nection with this measure.
Mr. FICKLIN. I must say to the gentleman
that I cannot join him in log-rolling.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not ask it.
Mr. LETCHER. J should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois a question. T come from ojie
•of those old States, and 1 should like to understand
whether the gentleman from Illinois, who says
that these lands should be dedicated to a system
of mternal improvements, would be willing to
vote the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad, or the
Central Railroad of my State, a portion of these
lands, if this general system prevails?
Mr. FICKLIN. I answer the gentleman by
saying, that we propose to grant alternate se^tiom*
ulong the line of the roads named in this bilJ, and
T would be willing to grant alternate sections along
the line of the roads which'the gentleman has,
mentioned.
Mr. LETCHER. We have no alternate sec-
tions of public lands alone tlie line of the road.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I want to ask the
gentleman if he proposes to bring the lands into
the State of Virginia ?
Mr. FICKLIN. It is about as probable that
these lands will be transferred from the new States
and placed, section by section, along the lines of
the roads in the old States, as to suppose that
they will be ceded to them. It is out of the ques-
tion. It is bad enough for the General Govern-
ment to be the proprietor of the lands in the new
States; but they would not for a moment tolerate
the idea of a sister State exercising similar pow-
ers.
I will say to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] that| the old States once owned these
lands, and gave them up; and now I ask, does it
come with a good grace from them to ask them
back again ?
Mr. AVERETT. I ask whether Virginia ever
gave up her interest in these lands as one of the
United States?
Mr. FICKLIN. She has ceded them away
once, and now it would look childish for her to
come here and ask them back again.
Mr. AVERETT. She has ceded them to the
United States, but she has not ceded her right to
them as one of the partners of the firm.
Mr. FICKLIN. The deed of cession of Vir-
ginia conveyed to the General Government all of
her right to the Northwest territory, and all ques-
tions in regard to them are, of necessity, between
the General Go\eminent and the States in which
the lands are located. How long it may be be-
fore these twelve land States, with California,
assert and maintain their right to these lands, re-
mains to be seen. It will not probably be long. I
will not detain the House longer.
i Mr. ORJR obtained the floor, but yielded it to
! Mr. ROBBINS, on whose motion the House
1 adjourned until to-morrow.
j PETITIONS, &c.
j The following memorials, petition*-, &.C., were prc^Mited
| under Die rule, and referred to the appiopriate committees :
j }U Mr. i'ARKER, of Indiana. The petition of Ceoige
i Cut&lt, that hi< American Indian Collection o! 1'oitiaitb,
] Dresses, Weapon*, Ornament*-, &.C., in.* iiineluwd by the
j Government, and thus seeuied to the ,\imjnean people
[ Mr. BKKNTOV: The petition of Jatne-1 ri. Collins,
j an assistant tnai-hal for takinsr ite Seventh (.'en-an- in Indi
! ana, praj ui<r additional compeu.-ation.
i Bv Mr* 1'AltKKIv, of i'enn-v Ivania. The memoiidl of
; Tlionnw Ret- and 19 oth^i-, citizens of 1>1 in cumin , I'onu
| sjlvanta. piaying lor the establishment ul an Agm ulturai
■ Iiurcau h> CongTcvs.
1 AlfrO, llit memorial of W. L. Afneaand Toothers,citizens
of Blair eoun'\. l'enn-\Ivani.i, ot like teiau and import.
' liy Mr. AM'itlCWr^: The petition o' Samuel I,. I)avi>
and" oineif., lor the erection ot a h-jiit huu^e at Te„-iiii'<?
1 llaihor, <J-Por£ ', Maine.
; Alt>o, one uf Lucy B. Roberts, lor a pi ir ion. '
• By Mr. BUELL. Three ten ou*-ti;u>ces, wiin -*50
j ture^, ltom Herkimer eouutj, New York, against the ie-
, newal of the W'oudworth jntenf.
! By Mr. DAV !S,of Jndiana: The petition of the gre.-.ident
; and Direetorsot the Mississippi and Atlantic Railroad Com-
J pany, praymgr a grant of the rij-hi of way and a donation of
: a poition ot the public lands, tor the construction o; a rail-
I road from the t?tat« line, opposite Two Jlaute, Indiana, to
1 illinoistown, on the MiaMbMppi river, oppo.site the ( ny ot
• St. Louis.
! Also, the memorial of John Cow^ill, Lhsha Cowgdl,
t William Alhin, and Andiew Johnston, of the State of fndl-
! ana, prajing additional eompen-aUon for their sci v icr .3 <«*
1 assistant inaishalMii taking the Seventh Oiimh.
j j} v Mr. K*TRTZ * The meiwmal of a huge number of the
cm/'-i^ of Vuik e"unt\, JV-insj !\an:a, [Having (,'nn?r«'>*
to enact such laws as will moje eflectuaily me ei\e tin*
i sammv of the >6«d>ba?h than those at pr *-c. nt in exilic :ee.«
; By Mr. i'TJ'CH : The petition of j. F. Moke-*, a- i-tant
' mair-hal of Pulaski enmity, Imhona. a^! mg icimtiomf eoui-
peii'anoii lot veivieej in taking t!>e <.eiMi>.
J By Mr. LAXfi : The petition ot* Edward Jonei and otlieis,
! citizens Of  San Fiancisco, nraying app.opMati m ■> tin the
suivey of the mouth of the Umpqu 1i r*"i, and U.<_ ene-
} tion of a light-house, and for other p;upo-e?n
, AIt>o,the tnemoiial ot the Legislative Assembly ot O'o^on,
! praying an appropriation tor the improvement of the navi-
! gation of Tarn I/ili river, in said Territory.
; " AibO, thf- memorial of the Lcgi-hifive A-^e'iibiy of Ore-
• gon, for losprovemenf of the VVilitMi^U' iiver.
ALo, the petition of R M Walker and 70 othpr<, for a
road from the Mi--ourj to the Willamette r-ver. sn Oiegon. |
; Also, the resolution6! ot the Legislative Assembly ot Oic~ j
\ con. praying for sundry amendments to the donation land i
law of ^-aid Territory, &c. '
I ANo, the petition of citizens of Oregon, praym~ the pur-
chase and survey of a portion of the country t\u>t of the
, Ca'-eade range
Also, t!ie petition of citizens of Oregon, for amendment
j of land laws, &.c.
j By Mi. IjOTY : The petition of Daniel XV. Kubbanl, foi
; payYor carrying the mail from Green Bay to Copper xiar-
i bor.
i Also, a petition for a mail route from Ripon, by Saera-
i memo, Poysipi, Jiittic River, and Weyanwej'R, to Mukwu,
: pi Wisconsin.
1 Also, the not:tion of Chapin M. Selcy, L. Le;jeh, and
other citizens of Wisconsin, asking that laud wan ants may
be made assignable.
Also, the petition of Owen Salisbury, Thomas Fallon,
and other3^jt'2cns of Dakota, for a post route from Madi-
son to Waupaka Fails, by IVlontello, Dakota, and Wauto-
ma.
Also, the petition of J. M. Dart and others, for the same
route.
Also, the petition of Edward Smith, H* C. Jones, and
other citizens of Neenah,for a gram of land to aid the Kock
River Valley Union Railroad Company in the construction
of their road.
By Mr. HAWS: The memorial of Obadiah Newcomb
and others, assistant marshals for taking the census in the
city of New York, asking for an increase of compensation.
Bv Mr. BDGERTON: The memorial of the assistant
marshal of Van Wert county, Ohio, for additional compen-
sation for taking the eenMi*-.
By Mr. BOYD, of New York: The remonstrance of 87
citizens of Washington, New York, against the furtherex-
tension o! the Woodwonh patent.
Also, the petition of sundry inhabitant? of Warren coun-
ty, New Yoik, asking the establishment of a mail loute
from the town of Foit Ann, county of Washington, New
Yuik, to French Mountain pott office, Wairen county, New
York, a dt>!anee of about twelve miles.
By Mr. McNAIR: The petition of Henry Jacobs and
others, of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, and also the
surviving officers, soldiers, seamen, and marines, and the
widow* and children of those deceased who have served in
the war of 181*3, piajmg Congrers to modify the bounty
land act of September 28,1850, so as to give to eaeli of the.
peisous intended to be benefited by said act not less than
one bundled and sixty acres of land.
By Mr. STJ5VKNTS, of Pennsylvania: The petition of
citucus of Fiankiin county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the extension of the patent of Parker's water-
wheel.
Al>o, a memorial by a large number of the citizens of
Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, p otesting against the re-
newal of the patent of Parker's water-wheel.
Al < , two Hieinoiiah by a lifge number of journeymen
cigai-inakeu of iiaiiovrr and York, York county, Penn-
s\l\aina, statins that under the piesent tariff foreign cigars
aie largtK imported into thi-s country, gieatiy to the injury
of the peutiotiei-- and othei cttizens, and praying that the
taulf m.i\ b.> to modified as to profct tliom from foieign
competition
Also, a mcinorial of the late quarteily meeting of the Re-
hgnuis'Hociet> of FnciuH, staling that the fugitive slave
law is nmnoinl ;mu! unjust, and piaymg for its repeal.
B\ Air. GAYLOKD • The petition of Darnel Kinneyan<f
i?7 other citizens of Washington county, Ohio, asking a
donation or a portion of the public domain for the benefit of
education in the Independent School Association of the
Coniinonwe.il th of Wesley.
Also, the polition of Milton Smith and 25 otlte  citizens
nt Washington eoimtj, Ohm. on tho same subject.
Bj Mr. ALiiliN, of Illinois: Two petitions, of John
T. Joiiew and ofhetc, and Thomas Boswell and other citi-
zoH ot GaJlafin ecuintv, fllinoi-*, for right of way and dona-
tion of land to aidin'the conjunction of a railroad from
jsliau'nectown to a point opposite St. I^ouis.
i v All MA^'li: The ntomoiial of John M. Hill and John
Field, o! Fountain cotmtj, Indiana, a-kmir nddiuonal com-
pensation a- a- -lstant mar-hals m taking the ceiisus.
i-'nrivv, ft brvartj :20,
IVay* i" l y - Littjlj tojc I-\ Morons:
On nidiuH. by Ah. WALKER, it was
OrJci ct'. That the order of Lie Senate, assigning Friday
of each week to the consideration of puvate bills, be sus-
pended iiufii one O'clock tins day.
On moiion l y ,\fr. HUNTJSRj it was
OidcrcfL Tliat one thousand of the additional copies of
tin; lepoit ofthc .Secretary of the Tieasury on the fumncos.
imretotoro oidcied to he print! d. be for the u-^e of the Treas-
ury Department.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the uiemovia! of Da-
vid Hull, praying the es:al)li«hment of a tribunoi
lo levift'a the clcc?sioiis of tl'C lute Board of Com-
niissjt>iK.'.s for 'lie seUleiiic ot of c'.unis of Arneri-
e;iii tji;>' is acruui-sL >Ie.\ico; whieh was referred
to the C'ornoiiuee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. V-/A, |jK piesented luiirmemortaisof assist-
ant mi\r*h.«]s for talcing the Seventh Census in
Ohio, pjoyin^ udditioiud eompenr-ation; whiob
weie rc-Avred to the Coininittoe of Claims.
Mr. JO\TES, of Iov/a, presented u petition of
oitizcns of Fou o, nnd tJ:e pioeeediu^s of a meeting
of citizens of Sa'eni, in thnt State, in favor of ao-
nadons o( Icind to the Orbuque ti'.fl Iveokuck, and
Daicnport and Council Bluffs K-s|!roods: u liich
were oi'dtred to lie on the table.
Mr. FOOT presented the* petition of F.liza Ann
Ellison, only child and heir of David Lund, piay-
ing a peu^ioa for the scrvi of }u-r fuller ni the
last war \v:th Great Britain; which was referred
to the Committee on Tensions.
Also, a remonstrance of citi/ena of Rutland
county, Yermoni, agaiiidt the farther extension of
Woodv/Gith's patent; wliloh \va« referred to the
Commitiee on Patents and the Patent Ofiiee.
.Mr. MILLER presented a petition of citizens
of New Jersey, pravnu; that the introduction of
foreign oon viot:-:, felons^ and paupers, into thi?
