602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
country may be prohibited by law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SMITH presented apetiiion of^pitizens of
Waterhury, Connecticut, praying the construc-
tion of a ship canal around the Sault Ste. Marie;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JAMES presented a petition of journey-
men cigar makers of Providence, Rhode Island,
praying an increase'of the duties on cigars; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAWSON presented the memorial of Cap-
tain L. McLaws, of the United States Army,
praying the difference between the pay of a lieu-
tenant and that of a captain in the staff, the duty
of which he performed; and the same additional
compensation for the time he served in l^ew Mex-
ico as was allowed to officers in Oregon and Cali-
fornia during the years 1849, 1850, and 1851;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a resolution of the
Common Council of the city of Jefferson, Indiana,
communicating information in relation to the Lou-
isville and Portland Canal; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. DOWNS presented a memorial of under-
writers of New Orleans, praying the enactment of
a.law to prevent needless detentions and expenses
in proceedings in admiralty; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PISH presented a petition of passed mid-
shipmen in the Navy, praying that a separate grade
may be established, by law, with an increase of
pay for that class of officers; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial of Henry Grinnell and others,
citizens of New York, praying that another expe-
dition maybe fitted out to search for Sir John
Fianklin; whithwas referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memorial of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in ,
Somerset county, Maine, praying additional com- j
pensation; which was referred to the Committee !
of Claims. '
Also, sundry documents in relation to the im-j
positions practiced upon passengers by steamers [
to California; which were referred to the Commit-1
tee on Commerce. I
Mr. HAMLIN presented a communication
from citizens of Brunswick, Maine, complaining
of the treatment received by passengers going to
and from California; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr, FELCH presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying a grant of land to the
State, to aid in the construction of the Oakland
and Ottawa Railroad; which were referred to tHe
Committee on Public Lands.
WHEELING BRIDGE.
Mr. HUNTER. I present the memorial of
thirty-six members of the Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania, stating that the Wheeling; bridge, in their
opinion, is not such an obstruction to navigation
as to make it a nuisance, and praying that. Con-
gress will protect it. I have no doubt that similar
movements will be made in portions of the States
of Pennsylvania, Virginia, and perhaps Ohio,
calling upon Congress to protect this bridge, by
making it a mail route, ns, according to the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court, might be done. This
is one of the gravest and most important commer-
cial questions that has ever been raised by the de-
cision of that or any other court, for it involves
nothing less than a question as between the rights
of those who prosecute commerce over navigable
streams by bridges and railroads, and those who
prosecute it along the water line in boats and ves-1
sels. If I am correctly informed in relation to
that decision, it will be left to the pleasure of that
court to say whether the bridges which are erected '
by all the States, not only over rivers which pass |
through more than one State, but over rivers which |
flow entirely within the limits of one State, are to
remain or not. These are some of the gravest
questions certainly which could be presented, and
involve a jurisdiction which, I must be here per- :
mitted to state, a Marshall has refused to take and '
a Taney has pronounced a grave error. I move 1
that the petition be read, printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. ;
The motion was agreed "to. |
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have the joint resolution i
of the Legislature of Pennsylvania upon the same
subject, which resolution expresses a determina-
tion to persist in the suit which has been institu-
ted. I agree with the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia, that the question is a very important one,
and I therefore nope that the Committee on the
Judiciary will give it very great consideration. 1
move that these resolutions be read, printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John Spencer, on the files
of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition ofElishaW. B. Moody, on
the files of the Senate, be releried to the Committee on
Commerce.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the me-
morial of Avery Downer, asked to be discharged i
from the further consideration of the same, and ;
that it be referred to the Committee on Pensions, j
It was so referred. ;
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com- J
merce, to which was referred the memorial of sun- j
dry merchants of New York, praying for correc- ;
tion of errors in the practice of the Warehouse j
laws, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the same, and that it be referred to
the Committee on Finance. It was so referred.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Cornelius Oakley, reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which j
was referred the petition of the representatives of;
Henry King, praying compensation for services !
rendered by him in the war of the Revolution, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for their j
relief; which was read and passed to the second ,
reading. The leport was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on NavakAf-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of Jas.
Glynn, praying to be reimbursed moneys lost
while in his charge, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, submitted adverse reports on the follow-
ing petitions, which were ordered to be printed: on
the petition of Abigail Brown, the widow of Eb-
enezer Brown; on the petition of Nathaniel Mother-
head; arcd on the petition of Esther Scollay.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for the relief of William Be-
dient, Jate a sergeant in the fourth regiment of
Artdlery, reported back the same without amend-
ment, accompanied by a report; which was ordered
o be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee of Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of the widow
of William Riley, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration of the same, and that it !
be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims; which was agreed to.
SISTERS OF VISITATION.
Mr. SEWARD, agreeably to previous notice, '•
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to in- j
corporate the Sisters of Visitation, of Washing- '
ton, in the District of Columbia; which was read !
a first and second time by its title, and referred 1
to the Committee for the District of Columbia. i
SALARIES OF DISTRICT AND CIRCUIT JUDGES. I
Mr. COOPER submitted the following resolu- |
tion for consideration: j
Resolved That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- !
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the I
salary of the district judjje of the United States for the i
pastei n di^tuct of Pennsylvania, so as that it shall hereafter I
be the samp as that of the distnet judge of the United ,
States fot the southern diattict of New York. j
Mr. "RHETT submitted the following resolu- '
tion; which was considered and agreed to: ■
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in- !
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of increasing the :
salaries of the circuit judges ot the District of Columbia.
RECESS.
On motion, it was ordered, that when the Sen-
ate adjourns it be to Monday next.
CONTRACTS FOR DRY DOCKS, ETC.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
submitted yesterday by Mr. Brodhead, in rela-
tion to contracts for dry docks; and the resolution
was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. P. Barry Hays, Chief Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a bill for the relief
of the heirs of John Jackson; also, a bill for the
relief of Grustavus A. De Russy, iate an acting
purser in the Navy, and requesting the concur-
rence of the Senate therein.
The above-named bills were severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MILEAGE OE THE DELEGATE FROM OREGON.
Mr. BRIGHT. I desire to ask leave of the
Senate to take up the bill regulating the mileage of
the Delegate from Oregon; and I move to suspend
the order of business that the Senate may take up
that bill.
Mr. CLARKE. I beg leave to suggest to
the honorable Senator from Indiana, that the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, [Mr.
Mangum,'] who made the motion to lay this bill
upon the table, is not now in his seat, supposing,
as I believe, that the day would be appropriated
to the consideration of the private biils. I have
an amendment to offer to the bill in regard to
mileage when it shall come up, but not supposing
that it would come up to-day, I am not now pre-
pared to offer it. I hope, therefore, that it will not
be taken up, but that the day will be devoted to
private bills.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall not insist on my mo-
tion if any Senator objects, saying he has an
amendment to offer; but I had hoped that this
measure would not be embarrassed with amend-
ments. It relates merely to the mileage of one
gentleman, General Lane, the Delegate from Ore-
gon. Iam sorry that he is singled out and fol-
lowed with such opposition. It presents a novel
case, and I am entirely unprepared to meet it. I
cannot divine in my own mind the reason why it
is so. However, if the Senator has an amend-
ment which he desires to offer, not general in its
character, but intended to reach the case of Gen-
eral Lane alone, I shall not object to allowing the
bill to lie over. But if he intends to offer an
amendment bringing up the question generally as
to the equalization of the mileage of members, I
shall object.
Mr. CLARKE. I have an amendment to offer,
which is not of a general character to be sure. If
it is the pleasure of the Senate to take up this bill,
I will prepare that amendment and offer it to-day,
but I should be very sorry to see to-day consumed
in the discussion of this bill in preference to pri-
vate bills. I hope the bill will be suffered to lie
until Monday, and then I will be ready with my
amendment. By pursuing that course'the private
bills before the Senate will not suffer. It is of
very little importance whether this question is set-
tled to-day/ or Monday. I hope it will not be
taken up. '
Mr. BjtlGIIT. As I do not wish to interfere
with the' private business which is set apart for
this day, I withdraw my motion.
%J THOMAS H. LEGGETT.
Tne Senate resumed the consideration, as in
Committee of the Whole, of the bill for the relief
of Thomas Ii. Leggett.
Mr. SEWARD. This is a bill which has
been reported from the Committee on Commerce,
for the relief of Thomas H. Leggett, survivor of
the firm of Thomas H. Leggett & Co. The facts
are contained in the report, which I ask mav be
read.
The Senate read the report, a synopsis of the
contents of which has already been published.
Mr. SEWARD. This case can scarcely be
submitted more simply or more fully than it is
stated in the report; but I will, perhaps, be able to
piesent it more distinctly in a few words. Thomas
H. Leggett & Co. were, in the year 1828, mer-
chants in the city of New York. This firm, in
the fall of 1827, mride a contract for the manu-
facture of certain g*oods in England to be delivered
in the ensuing spring. The cost of the gdods was
$6,786. In the month of May, the tariff act of
1828 was passed. The duty on these goods was
