2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 26,
uation of the Chicago and Mobile railroad, pro-
vided that an equal quantity of land in proportion
to the length of the road, should be granted to the
Slates of Mississippi and Alabama that had been
granted by the same bill to the road between Chi-
cago and Cairo. The object of the amendment is,
to provide for a deficiency which happens on the
line of that road running through the late Chicka-
saw nation. It does not appropriate an additional
acre of land; but that portion of the road which
runs through the Chickasaw nation has no public
land on either side. The object of the amendment
is to remedy that. The act of 1850 gives in ex-
press terms an equal quantity for the whole length
of that road. I had intended to propose an
amendment to extend it to Cairo; but on consult-
ing with the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, he thought it would give rise to great dis-
cussion, and I therefore thought it better not to
present it. This is not to appropriate an addi-
tional quantity of land, but it is to take on the line
of the road, which lies through Alabama and Mis-
sissippi, within the Chickasaw boundaries, a
quantity equivalent to that which was granted,
but which could not be taken on the ground that
the United States owned no land in the Chickasaw
nation. By the treaty by which that country was
ceded to the United States, the proceeds of the
lands belonging to the Chickasaw nation—and
there is now but a remnant remaining—is to be
applied to their use, and we have no right to touch
an acre of them. Then the surveyor general's
office is abolished, and one part of the provision in
the amendment refers to that as the necessity for
the resurveys. I hope there will be no objection
to it, as it does not appropriate an additional acre
of land.
Mr. PERCH. I desire to make an inquiry in
order to get accurate information on this point.
This-road, if I understand it, is already provided
for by a grant of alternate sections of land?
Mr. BELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. FELCH. It passes over a portion of the
land known as the Chickasaw reservation. Of
course the United States have no control over, or
title in that land, to apply it to our use.
Mr. BELL. They have not.
Mr. FELCH. Does the amendment propose
to take a quantity of land elsewhere in the State,
equivalent to what would have been given if there
had been public lands on the railroad line, through
that portion of the country?
Mr. BELL. It proposes to lay off other lands
of Mississippi and Alabama.
Mr. FELCH. That subject was one to which
the attention of the Committee on Public Lands
was called, and they investigated it on some bills
which have been referred to them, particularly one
for a road in California. It will be found in
several instances that the line of the proposed
road—and this is one which was passed in 1850—
will run across many portions of the country
which for some reasons are not Government land.
Therefore, we cannot give the land within the
space of six miles on each side of the road. This,
then, involves the general question, when we pass
over lands of that description, which are Indian
reservations, or which on account of grants from
former Governments having jurisdiction over
them, or for any other reason, the title to them is
not in the United States, whether the bills ought
to give land elsewhere. The understanding of the
committee was that the bills which have been
passed upon that subject, do not give such lands.
The principle was urged in one case before the
committee, but they thought it advisable for the
Eresent, at least, not to adopt it. I think the
onorable Senator will find that the bill of 1850,
instead of granting the quantity of land through
the Chickasaw reservation, gives no land through
that portion of the country. Ifl am correct, then,
the grant now proposed to be made is a new grant,
and, consequently, if the State is allowed to take
land elsewhere for the quantity specified, it will
not be as an equivalent for the other land, because
it is not granted by the bill. I think I am correct.
Mr. BELL. I desire to correct the Senator.
The act of 1850, in express terms, provides that
the States shall take a quantity of land in propor-
tion to the length of the road; and that they shall
have the same quantity that was given to the State
of Illinois. I at first proposed to extend the op-
eration of the amendment to the mouth of the
Ohio river, but I have waived that for the present.
The grant is given for the whole length of the road.
The Senator from Michigan wilt observe that there
was no reservation of that tract of country. The
Chickasaw country through which the road runs
was not excepted by the bill; nor was it pretended
that any public lands were held by the Govern-
ment, but the provisions of the act were that they
should have a quantity in proportion to the whole
length, equal to the quantity granted to the State
of Illinois. I consider the proposition to be in
exact conformity with the provisions of the act as
to the quantity of land provided under the bill of
1859 appropriating public lands for the construc-
tion of this road. I think the Senator from Mich-
igan is mistaken in supposing that it did notmean
to grant an equal quantity of land for the whole
length of the road.
Mr. GWIN. I think the honorable Senator
from Tennessee did not state his case as strongly
as it deserves to be stated. These Chickasaw
lands are lands of the United States, but the pro-
ceeds, when sold, go, by the treaty, to the Chick-
asaws. The United States never gave up the
ownership. The Choctaw lands also were sold,
and a large portion reserved; and the only differ-
ence is, that by the treaty the proceeds of the
Chickasaw lands are to be given to the Chick -
asaws. A portion of these lands have been ceded
to the United States at a very recent period. In
addition to that, the right to the route of this road
through Alabama and Mississippi is a poor coun-
try, and I am perfectly confident that the donation
of land asked by the amendment would add very
little to the capital that has already been granted.
I think there is great merit in the amendment, and
that it ought to pass.
Mr. BORLAND. I would inquire of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee .if it is competent for us to
do anything of this sort ? Are not all these lands
specially reserved by the act?
Mr. BELL. There is no reservation, unless in
the first part of the bill appropriating lands to the
State of Illinois. I do not think, if this amend-
ment were understood by the Senate, that there
would be a moment's hesitation in passing it.
The only interest I have in it is, that the road is
expected, in time, to pass through the western
part of Tennessee. There was expressly given,
by the act of 1850, a quantity of land, from Mo-
bile to Cairo, equivalent to the quantity of land
given in the State of Illinois, in proportion to the
whole length of the road. Now, a portion of this
road, from Mobile to the southern boundary of
the State of Tennessee, runs through the Chicka-
saw nation; and the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia is right in saying that jve own the public
land of that nation, but we have no right to appro-
priate it, because it is bound by treaty to be sold
at public auction, and the proceeds to go to the
Indians. Of course, we cannot appropriate it;
and it is to supply that deficiency in the fund
which was actually intended to be appropriated by
the act of 1850, that we propose to authorize the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to have
a quantity laid off in Alabama and Mississippi,
south of the Chickasaw boundary, equivalent to
that to which they would have been entitled ac-
cording to the terms of the act for the road passing
through the Chickasaw nation. As we find that
we cannot appropriate the Chickasaw land to this
purpose, we ask its equivalent in Alabama and
Mississippi. It is only widening the limits within
which the survey shall take place.
Mr. FELCH. 1 have not before me the act to
which reference is made, but as I understand the
matter, it is this: The bills all grant the right of
way through the public domain, and then grant
alternate sections of the public domain on each
side of the road. Then there is an express pro-
vision in all bills of this kind, that any and all
land reserved to the United States, by any act of
Congress, for the purpose of aiding in any object
of internal improvement, or any purpose what-
soever, be reserved to the United States beyond
the operation of the act, except so far as is neces-
sary to give the right of way.
Mr. BELL. We do not propose to take any-
thing from any reservation. Not at all.
Mr. FELCH. If I understand it, the proposi-
tion is founded upon this assumption: that the land
has been granted, in the first place, by an act of
Congress, and inasmuch as that land cannot be
taken by law on account of its being reserved, the
State is entitled to the same quantity of land else-
where as an equivalent. 1 have no particular hos-
tility to this amendment, but I deem it my duty to
call the attention of the Senate to the fact. My
idea is, that there is nothing granted by the first
bill for which an equivalent can be given; that the
law, instead of giving land where it passes through
a reservation, or through lands which have been
disposed of—a township ef land, for instance,
which has been disposed of—does not apply, and
the land cannot be taken; therefore, of course, if
it is sold, there can be no equivalent given for it.
Mr. SHIELDS. In my opinion, my honorable
friend from Tennessee is correct. The honorable
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands for-
gets the language of the bill. I was a member of
the committee at the time it wasdrawn up. There
was no exception in regard to a reservation as far
as I can recollect, except that which related to the
canal lands in Illinois. All the other Government
reservations were left open in the bill. If so, the
principle stated by the Senator from Tennessee is
correct; and for the lands which they have lost in
consequence of the reservation, they should re-
ceive an equivalent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The provision of the bill is,
that a quantity of land equal to alternate sections
for six miles on either side shall be granted. If
there be a reservation, and they cannot get the
land in alternate sections,still it does not diminish
the quantity granted anywhere along the line. In
that part of the road in Illinois, the quantity
granted was about 27,000,000 acres. That is a
quantity equal to alternate sections six miles on
either side; but there were some parts of the road
where the lands had been granted for other pur-
poses, or had been disposed of. Still, when they
could not get the lands there, they wentlower down
or higher up, and selected lands equal to the
amount. The lands have thus been selected iri that
State; and now, when you come to Mississippi,
the provisions of the bill are simply these: that
for the extension of said road from the mouth of
the Ohio to Mobile, a like quantity is granted,on the
same terms, limitations, and restrictions as in Illi-
nois. So when you find out what were the terms
in Illinois, the same terms apply to Alabama; and
as the Department have given the construction to
that part of the road in Illinois which the Senator
from Tennessee contends for, it is obligatory upon
us to give the same construction in Alabama and
Mississippi to carry out the spirit and intention of
the act.
Mr. ADAMS. I will only add to what has been
said by the Senator from Illinois, that there are
certain obligations imposed upon the proprietors
of the road for the benefit of the Government.'
They are compelled to transport munitions of war,
and perform various other services for the Gov-
ernment, in consideration of the grant of public
lands, and as that portion which passes through
the Chickasaw nation is situated, as has been
stated by the Senator from Tennessee, this is
merely a proposition to appropriate the land else-
where.
Mr. BRADBURY. If I understand this prop-
osition, it is simply to make an addition to a cer-
tain appropriation of land made for railroad pur-
poses. We have before us the civil and diplomatic
bill, and if upon an appropriation bill of this kind
we are to go into the consideration ofall grants that
have been made for railroads to supply deficien-
cies, it is perfectly obvious that we cannot get
through with the bill this session. If there is any
deficiency there is no pressing necessity to make
it up now. The company can wait until another
session of Congress; but it is important that we
should act upon the appropriation bills. There is
little or no time left this session for other bills.
We have a question of privilege to be presented
to-morrow, and we have been sitting from morn-
ing until nine o'clock to-day, to endeavor to get a
vote upon this bill. If the amendment be adopted
it is obvious that it must lead to others just as ger-
mane as it is. I think, therefore, we had better
stop at once. 1 suggest to the Chair whether the
amendment is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The Senator from Maine raises a
question of order as to whether the amendment
is in order. The amendment proposes to appro-
priate lands. The Chair is under the impression
that it is not in order, but will submit to the Sen-
ate to say whether they will receive it.
Mr. BELL. The amendment does not appro-
