1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2379
priate one acre of land. 1 will not make a ques-
tion with the Chair, but I will state that in the bill
as reported, there are appropriations for miscella-
neous surveys to make up for irregularities in the
surveys of land, and this is nothing more.
The Senate refused to receive the amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia to offer several
amendments to the bill, which I shall not debate.
The first is to insert in the bill the following:
For grading and graveling Delaware avenue north of the
Capitol, from B to D streets, at such grade as the corpora-
tion of Washington may adopt, and the President of the
United States approve, setting the curb-stones at a distance
oftlnity-five feet from the building hne3 paving the foot ways
to the width of five feet next the curb-stones, and paving
the "utters with stone, and laying flag-ways wherever neces-
sary, $5,000 : Provided, That the owners of propeity lying
along said avenue shall have the privilege, under such re-
stiicuoiis as the corporation of Washington may impose, of
occupying and using as court-ways, a space not exceeding
twenty feet Irom tiie building line of the avenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment is to
insert the following:
For giadmg and gravelingNorth Capitol «lreetfrom B to
E streets at such giade as may be adopted by the corpora-
tion of Washiiigton, und appioved by the President, setting
the cuib-sfone at a distance of thirty feet fiom the building
line, paving with brick five feet next the curb-stone, and
laying Hag loot-ways wheiever necessary,;$5,0U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment is to
insert the following:
Forgiadmg and paving with round stones the carnage-
wav of Pennsylvania avenue from Seventeenth street west,
to Rock Cieek, setting the curb stones on each side theieof
at a distance of twenty-five feet from the building hue,
paving with buck fi\e feet in width next the curb stones
and i clay nig flag-ways at the intersection of the cross
sheets, $30,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHIELDS. That was one of the most im-
portant amendments proposed. It is to improve
Pennsylvania avenue, from the Departments to
Rock Creek, near Georgetown. The Committee
on the District of Columbia have recommended it,
but I do not want to debate it. The next amend-
ment is to insert the following:
For the survey under the diiection of the Topographical
Bureau, accessary to a coirect estimate of the cost of con-
structing a canal basin at the terminus of the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, at Rock ('reek, near Georgetown, District
of Columbia, and of the estimate of&aid bureau, $1,2U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have another amendment
to offer. It is to add—
See. —• And be it further cnacted, That the sum of
$10,000 be, and the same is hereby, appiopnated, out of any
money in the Treasury not othoiwise appropriated, for the
necessary graduation and repair of the road leading fiom
Maijland avenue, at the boundary of Washington city,40
the boundaiy line of the District of Columbia, 111 the direc-
tion of Baltimore, in the State of Maiyland, according to
its original design: Provided, That all right, title, and
interest which remain in the president, directors., and com-
pany of the Columbia turnpike load, under and by virtue
of an act entitled u An act to incorporate a company for
making certain turnpike road-* in the Dis-trict of Columbia,"
approved April 20, 1810, shall be extinguished so far as
they affect said road, by legal proceedings or otherwise, to
the satisfaction of the President of the United States, be-
fore any portion of such appropriation shall be expended
for the purpose aforesaid.
Sbc. —. *4nd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$10,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropiiated for the
proper grading, gtaveling, and planting with trees, of the
Maryland avenue, from Capitol square to the boundary of
Washington city, where the said avenue connects with the 1
turnpike road : Provided, That the graduation, regulation,
construction, and repair of said avenue and road, the allow-
ance for the same, and the economy and accountability lor
all expenditures under this act, be placed under the diiec-
tion of an officer of the Corps of Topographical Engineers,
to be designated by the Secretary of War.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask leave to offer the
following amendment:
For defraying the expenses of surveying and marking
thf boundary line hetwecn the States of Missouri and Iowa,
under the recent decision and order of the Supreme Court,
$11,042 68.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer sundry amend-
ments to this bill, the first of which is to insert—
For outfit and salary of a Minister Resident at Frank-
foit-on-the-Main, .$1*2,000.
The Committee on Foreign Relations have in-
structed me to offer this amendment from a letter
addressed to the chairman of the committee by the
Secretary of State, on the 16th of August, 1852,
in which he says:
" By direction of the President, I have the honor to state,
that in consequence or the appointments of diplomatic
agents now in contemplation, and deemed important to the
public service, an appropriation will be needed for the fol-
lowing objects:
" For outfit and salary of a Minister Resident at Frank-
fort-on-the-Mam, $£12,Out). 
I have taken some pains, since the receipt of
this letter, to inform myself of the propriety, so far
asl could judge, of opening diplomatic intercourse
with the German Diet, which meets at Frankfort,
as is known to Senators, and 1 have thought it a
matter of public interest that it should be done.
At Frankfort, where the Diet meets, all the prin-
cipal courts of Europe, and most of the smaller
courts, are now represented, and matters of great
commercial interest are there determined and ar-
ranged, m which, I think, we should participate.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the amendment will not
be adopted. We have appropriated for a large
number of outfits. There is a new mission to be
created just at the outgoing of an Administration,
when m three months we meet again, and can act
on this matter then if it should be found to be
proper. 1 think we have already appropriated
enough for outfits and for missions at the close of
an Administration. This subject was before the
Committee on Finance, and I do not believe a
member of that Committee was in favor of it. 1
hope the proposition will not prevail.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 agree with the honorable
Senator from California, in the wish that this ap-
propriation may not be made. Why, the Gov-
ernment of the United States have tried this once.
They had a Minister at Berlin, and he was com-
missioned to go down to Frankfort and undertake
to find some German Government there. He
went, and when he got there, he found that the
whole substratum dropped away from under him.
He was there as an Envoy Extraordinary and
Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States, and
no Government could be found near him. He lost
his mission to Berlin thereby; and I do not know
but that the last printing bill we passed provided
for him.
Now, you have got a Minister to Berlin, you
have got a Charge in Austria; and I suppose a
Charge at Denmark, or will have one in a few
weeks. "Why, therefoie, 1 ask, should a mission
to Frankfort-on-the-Maine be created? What is
there to call for it? If there is a German Diet to
assemble there, the Minister at Berlin, who has
very little to do, and who is a man of high talent
and acquirement, can go. as Mr. Donelson went,
to Frankfort, and he might as well go there as
stay at Berlin. The object is simply to provide
an outfit and salary for some favorite of this Ad-
ministration, for the very purpose of drawing so
much from the Treasury of the United States.
What great relations have we that can be ef-
fected by this mission to the German Diet? There
is no Zoll-Verem to be discussed there. There are
no other relations of Germany which affect us.
I think we have had enough of them within the
past few years. I do not believe such a mission
is necessary. I do not believe it is proper that
the United States, at this time, should make the
appointment. If any great international question
arose—if there were to be a Congress of Nations
there, it might be well enough that the United
States should be represented there. But a min-
ister is to go to Frankfort-on-the-Maine and meet
with certain delegates from certain German Prin-
cipalities, who will be allowed to stay there until
the Emperor of Austria, or the Emperor of Russia,
or the King of Prussia, tells them to disperse, and
then the whole substratum of this mission will have
sunk to the ground at once. 1 think it is rather
derogatory to the United Slates to be engaged in
such a business. Under these circumstances, I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. PRATT. I consider Frankfort-on-the-
Maine as a very important commercial point, and
I think, perhaps, it would be as important as any
point at which we could have a minister. I know
it is a point in which the constituency which I
represent are most deeply interested. The people
of that region consume tobacco, which is made in
my country, and our present commercial relations
with them are very detrimental to our interests.
We want a minister sent there that we may have
some commercial treaty entered into with the
Germanic Confederation, by which our products
may be taken without the exorbitant tax which is
now laid upon them. I do think that Frankfort-
on-the-Maine is as important a point for a mis-
sion as any which the bill embraces or may em-
brace.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer the following
amendment:
"For compensation to Peter Parker, as acting Charge d'Af-
faires at Canton, China, for two years from the 24th of May,
1850, to the 24th of May, 185-2, which shall be in full for all
demands for such services for the period named, $4,000."
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any estimate for this?
Mr. MASON. I have here a letter from the
Secretary of State in regard to the subject, which
I will read, if desired.
Several Senators. It is not necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer another
amendment, to come in after the one just adopted.
It is to insert:
<kFor compensation to Theodore S. Fay, Secretary of Le-
gation at Berlin, as acting Charge d"Jij]airci> at thai place,
at various times whilst the mission was vacant, between
the 18th day of July, 18-18, and the 10th day of December,
1851, by direction of the Department of State, the same be-
ing the difference jii the salary of a Secretary of Legation,
and a Chaigtf d'Affaires, and which, with the sum of$686 54?
appropiiated by the act approved March 3d, 1851, shall be
m full lor all services to said 10th day oi December, 1851,
$3,153 74."
Mr. HUNTER. Ts not that a private clarm ?
Mr. MASON. He is now in office as Secretary
of Legation to Berlin.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am further instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Relations to offer another
amendment, to come in after the one just adopted.
It is to insert:
"For compensation to Buckingham Smith, late Secretary
of Legation to Mexico, a-s acting Charg6 d'Affaircsm Mex-
ico, during the absence ot the imm^tei of the United States
from that country, fiom the 20th ol January, 1851, to the 8th
of October in the same year, being eight months ami thir-
teen days, ;Jt)l,70G 95, which t-hall be m full of all demands
for such service for the period named."
It is proper that I should say, as the chairman
of the Committee on Finance has made the inquiry
in reference to other amendments, that Mr. Buck-
ingham Smith is not now in offce, but I do not
consider that the amendment is prohibited by the
rule. It is to extend to this gentleman the same
pay which has always been extended to a Secre-
tary of Legation who has been placed as Charge
d'Affaires, ad interim, by the Department, and
who has incurred the expenses of the station.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the same
committee to offer an additional amendment, to
come in after the one last adopted. It is to in-
sert :
"For compensation to Charles D. Arfuidson, Cons-ul of
the United States at Stockholm, Sweden, for diplomatic
services, rendered as Charge d'^ftaues at that place,, by
luvtiuction of the Secrotai y of State, from the recall of Mr.
EINwoith to the arrival of Mr. Schrceder, appointed Chaige,
Irom 21th July, 1849, to the 2 2d day of April, 1850, a period
of fight months and twenty-nine days, being one half of the
salary of a Charge d' Aft'atre-;, and in full for all such ser-
vices for the period named, $1 ><581 25."
I wish merely to say to the Senate that this is a
different class of cases from those which have just
been adopted. Here is a case of a consul who,
by instruction of the Department, took charge of
the legation, in the absence of the Charge d 'Affaires,
and to whom the committee has allowed, not fhe
full pay, but one half the pay of a ChargS. The
reason for adopting that principle by the commit-
tee, was this: We pay a Secretary of Legation
the salary of a Charge d'Affaires when he performs
these duties ad interim; and it is done always by
deducing from it his salary as Secretary of the
Legation. But it is different in the case of a
Consul who has no salary; and we have thought
that it would be right to consider that his emolu-
ments as Consul, whatever they were, should be
set off against the salai y of a Secretary of Lega-
tion, and we propose, therefore, to pay him one
half of the salary of a Charge.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I am also instructed by the
same committee to offer another amendment, to
come in after the one last adopted:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury cause the accounts
of Joseph Bale^tiei, late special agent of the United States
in Asia, to be settled 111 such manner as to allow to htm his
traveling and other necessary expenses incurred in returning
