1516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 1,
Mr. ORE. i move that the House do now ad-
journ.
[Cries of No !" « No!"]
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I hope the.
House will permit the resolution I send to the
.Chair to he read for information.
Mr. ORE. I understand that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] moves to suspend the
rules; and if the motion to adjourn is not carried,
the proposition of my friend from New York can-
not be entertained.
The SPEAKER. Except by unanimous con-
sent.
[Cries of " Read the resolution!" " Read the
resolution !"]
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my motion for a mo-
ment.
The Clerk then read the resolution, as fallows:
Resolved, That until Friday next the Imstnofs of tins
House shall be limited to the lecemng Mich report* from
the standing committees of the Houw as shall, bv the per-
son reporting, be moved to be referred to either the Com-
mittee of the Whole, or the Committee of the Whole un
the state of the Union, and that prior orders unto that day j
lie suspended.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish merely
to say to the House, if we proceed to call the com-
mittees as they are now called, that it will take
two months to go through with them: but there
are vast numbers of reports which will only oc-
cupy two or three days which can be passed over,
in this way, and r.o one's rights will be compro-
mised.
Mr. HOUSTON. You cannot get a quorum
to-morrow.
Mr. ORR. I renew my motion to adjourn.
The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ, and it was not, agreed to; there being, on u
division—uves 4G, noes 64.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Campbell,] to suspend the rules.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. 1 move that when
the House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. MEADE. T surest that the resolution
first proposed, for the adjournment of the House
from to-morrow till Friday next, be taken up and
adopted by unanimous consent
[Cries of " Agreed !" u Agreed !"]
Mr. STEPHENS,^Georgia. I object. j
Mr. BR1GGS. I rise to a privileged question. J
I move to reconsider the vote by which the reso- !
lution proposing an adjournment from to-morrow ]
till Friday next was defeated. I
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order to amend the j
motion of the gentleman from Florida by moving
that when this House adjourn to-morrow, it be to
meet on Friday next?
The SPEAKER. It in not.
Mr. CABELL. I withdraw my motion, if the
jreiitlemnn's meets with <reneral consent.
Mr. STEPH ENS, of Georgia. I move to lay
the motion of the ^sntlemnnfromNewYork [Air.
Biuoch] on the table.
The SPEAKER. The question must be first
taken on the motion of the gentleman from Ohio
to suspend the rules.
The question was put, and the House refused
to su^p*"lid the rules.
The question was then nut on the motion of
Mr. Rtephevs of Georgia, to lay ihe motion of
Mr. Eitroos to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution that the House adjourn from to-morrow
till Friday next on the table,and it was not agreed
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Briggs- to reconsider, and it was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
she adoption of the resolution, that when the
House adjourns to-morrow, it be till Pridt«v next.
Mr. .VIARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 demand
the vye and nays. ^
Mr. &ACKETT. I wish to make an Inquiry
of tiie Chair. Is nut the resolution under the op-
eration of the previous question? The previous
question was mov^d and seconded before on its
pas-^a^e.
The SPEAKER. U, stands in the same posi-
tion it occupied Ueiort A w us rejected.
Mr. STEPH EN^5 of Georgia. I demand tellers
on the demand for the year and nays.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stephens, j.
of Georgia, and Hibbaud, were appointed; and a
count being had, the tellers reported—38 ayes—a
sufficient number, and the yeas and nays were
ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House
adjourn.
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on
Thursday next.
Mr. STEPHENS. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES. J withdraw my motion. [Laugh-
ter. 1
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was not agreed to.
The question was then put on the resolution to
adjourn from to-morrow till Friday next, and it
was agreed to—yeas 60, nays 57; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Aveietr. Thomas II.
Bavlv, Bowie, Brur^, liimows, E. Cainngtou Cabell,
Lewis !). Campbell," Cat tier, Clark, Conner, Curus, Ed-
mundson, Evans. Plorunce, GaylotJ, G^ntiy, Gidduigs,
Gorman, flaws, I'aven, (lean, Hibbnid, Hoiladav, Hous-
ton, Thomas Y. flow, Inirer^oil, Ives, J;unfif Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Oeoi^e W. Joiu'f<, J. Glancv Jones,
Gi-or^e G King, Landry, Lockhart, Humphrey Marshall,
Maitm, jVIcCorkle, Henry D. Mooie, Olds Orr, Outlaw,
Hpiruiei W. Pinker, Peaslee, Penmmart, Folk, Robbiris,
Kobie, Rus*ell, Sa^Uctt, David L. Seymou1*, Stanlv, Tay-
lor, Thurston. Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Addison i Union.
title, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
made the order of the day for to-morrow, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, to which was re-
ferred House bill No. 122, entitled ** A bill granting
4 to the State of Missouri the right of way and a
' portion of the public lands for the purpose of
* aiding in the construction of a railroad from St.
4 Charles, on the Missouri river, to the northern
' limits of said State," reported the same back with
an adverse report; which was ordered to he on
the table.
On motion by Mr. HALL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dif
charged from the further consideration of the following
ca-os, and that they do lie on the table :
Resolutions of the General Assembly of the State of Dela-
ware, m reference to the public lands; and
A memorial of the General Assembly ofMisbomi to Con-
j*re*<, asking a plant of lands for the Northern Missouri
"Railroad, viz: a lailroad to begin at St. Chailes, on the
Missouri river, and to terminate at the northern boundary of
Missouri.
Mr. HALL. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report back a bill making
further provision for the satisfaction of Virginia
military land warrants, which I move he referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
White, and Wildrick—60.
NAYti—Mes-.is. Abercrombie, Allien. A!ii on, i*dbcoek, :
David J. Budey, Barrere, I5ell, Bennett, iinwnc, JJiaair, :
Brenton, Albeit G. Brown, Bucll, Caldwell, Chandlei,
Chapman, Cleveland, Chn^man, Cobb, Colci-ek, George ,
T. Davit-, Duncan, Dmkct, Kdgeiton, Lwinc:, Fowltr, ]
Gondtmow, Grey. ILnper, iJamp>on W. Hams. FIa«onll, '
Hendricks, Iloisiord, John W. Howe, Thomas AT. Howe, j
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson,Damd T. Jones, i
Pre-iton k.ni;:, Kn'mrf, Kurtz, Mi'Lanahan, McCiiU'T, Mill- \
*.nn, Morehcad. \*ewton. On-ren S. Sejuionr, Benjamin ;
Stanton, Abinham P. Ktrven«, Ali-xandei II. Mophens >
Tootnbj, Wallace, Wa'kin^. Woodward, and V.ue-, —,17. ;
So the ii'ju^ea.gieetl to adjourn from to-moirow '
till Friday next.
On motion by Mr. STANLY, the ]Lvum  then |
adjourned. j
PETITIONS, &c. ]
Tho following petition?, memorial*, 5cc., iv«presented i
under the iuh\and reterwdto the appmpnote committees • ;
By Mr. CURTIS . A petition for i:ie e^.tabli-hrnent of a i
mail route hom Hiookvtlle, Pennsylvania, to mti-i -ect tiie 1
route leading (ioui Sbattonville, C::uinn rf.untv, Ponn-nl
vama, to Wairen, Wanen county . Pennsylvania. i
B> Mr. SCCDDEK: Tiie petition of*[^a.al. Hatch, of ■
Wellflt el, Mn.'-a<,busetts, a>kiim compensation f>i valuable i
service', rendered in the ease of the "■ Barn"i at w reckei>,"
and for aid and'^etviccH in the easi* of the lumcd t"tates= v. '
Ownei^ ( t -hip Franklin.
Bv .Mr. KCn.VS: 'Phc petition of Ehr...!'«'kth Dtum, ;
widow of Captain Dmm, late oi the h.mth aiulb'ry, Umtfid '
States Armv, toi eontnmance of pension. ;
By Mr. MUjIiKII: Tho memorial oi Jhehuii.^ o! M. Cm- !
by, deeonsed, of Missouri, pi.iymg Co-.^n^^ lor relief for '
French ^])oliation?.
Al-o, the petition of E. Bvmmi, C. 15. Fall'nation, and
^undiy oth'*r citi:'-Hiis of Mi^-oun, pravmy for a pi>t route
in *aid St:it«> !tom K*-\te- ville to Bee Braneh.
By Air. PL( 'RE.YCi;. The ix'tition o''.)-ur. -s H. C.irr, of
Ph'l.tHclpln.i, nti'i.'jo! i<t!i/j!i^' (''niir'.-f- tv> ,t !.uv :;i ant-
iiic :oi invalid pension to Voblc, w 1 x • > ! - ^ ' hNme-
M-'ht in tl)'- semee of ti.e Cii.tA-d ^tat'>.
rES.
Prnver
ROUSE OF REPRESENT ATI'
Tuesdw, June I, 1S52.
The House met nt twelve o'clock, m.
by the Rev. C, M. Butler.
"The Journal of yesterday war, read and approved.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
[A message was received from the Senore, by
the hands of Anbury Dickins Esq.,its Secretary,
notifying the House of the nassnge by tliat body nf
House bill No. 207, entitled "An act to supply
deficiencies in appropriations f.v the service of the
fiscal year ending 30th June, 18;'^," v.vh amend-
ments, and asking its concun cnce therein, j
Mr. HOUSTON, i osk the aiianiLious con-
sent of the House to take up and refer the deli-
x leney hill to the Committee on Ways and Means.
It is necessary tint, the amendments proposed by
the Senate should be examined into.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Uv the amend-
ments be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON1". I hnve no objection to that.
I move that the bill be referred to the Committee
on Wavs and Means, and that the lull andameioi-
meats be printed*, which motion v/a* agreed to,
Mr. HALL, from the C'unmtuee ort Public
Lands* reported y bill for tiie relief of John Ozias;
which was *ead a first and second time by its
Mr. M fLIiSON. I do not rise for the purpose
of objecting to the propoced reference of that bill,
although, considering our recent legislation re-
specting the public lands, it would certainly be a
reasonable request that this bill, which proposes
to do tardy, but, I hope, not reluctant, justice to
the claims of Virginia, should be passed at once.
I would not say anything at all, at this time, but
for the fact that, some weeks ago, when another
hiil was under consideration, the two gentlemen
from Ohio [Messrs. Taylor and Sx^yTON-} ob-
tained the unanimous consent of the House to ad-
dress it-for ten minutes each, and one of the gen-
tlemen, whom I now see in his place, [Mr. Sta:>-
ton,{ having availed himself of the privilege given,
but, not having the opportunity to say ail that he
desired within the brief space allotted, published
in the Globe an extended argument, in which, as
I thought, he somewhat unnecessarily went into
a discussion of questions involved m the hill which
has just been reported from the Committee on
Public Lands. The gentleman fell into many er-
rors, which may possibly have created a preju-
dicial influence upon the bill. 1 be<r merely to say
that, when the time for the discussion of this
question shall arrive, I will be prepared to show
tnat many of the statements of the gentleman, and
most of his calculations and deductions, are erro-
neous. J am well satisfied that the gentleman in-
tended no misrepresentation; but I now say  sim-
i ply for the purpose of coireciing the mistakes into
! whie.h he fell, that the gentleman was in error
■ when he said that, in theTwenty-sixth Congress,
■ Mr. Highland M.ill's report against these claims
was sustained bv the House, and thebdi for the issu<e
i of scrip defeated; thatanotherreportof Mr Hal!,
j made at the succeeding Congress, was a^ain sus-
tained by the House, and that the House, at the
S Twenty-eighth Congress, refused to sustain the
j elaboiate report of Mr. Huhard in favor of these
i claims, and a^ain defeated the bill reported from
i the Committee on Public Lands. The gentleman
| is in error. There was no vote upon the bills or
| reports at either of the Congresses indicated by
j him. To correct another error into which tho
| gentleman has fallen, 1 would <*ny that, adopting'
[ the very calculation made by him of the number
! of officers and noMiers of the Virginia Continental
[ line, who were engaged in the revolutionary war;
| [ can disprove the conclusion to which he came.
! The gentleman himself, while endeavoring* to
| show that claims of a larger number of these rev-
I olutiunary officers and soldiers had been allowed
than ever had served during the revolutionary
war in the Continental line, conceded, or at least
j assumed, a number that far exceeds the number
j of those who have already received compensation.
| The error into which the gentleman fell was in
j understating the average amount to which those
| officers and soldiers, or the heirs of those officers
; and soldiers, were entitled. I do not mean now
1 to detain the House by any discussion of the
i merits of the bill; but I tleem ii proper, inasmuch
; as that portion of the remarks of the ^entlema u
! to which I have alluded, though published in the
: Globe, was not made in the House, and this is
