604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
sons to come here and say that our general _
lation has inflicted this or that pecuniary damage
upon them, and claim relief? If we ortce open the
door to inquiries of that sort, it will lead to innu-
merable frauds.- I say it is the duty of the Gov-
ernment not to embark in any system of legislation
which will perhaps lead them into the practice of
a hundred frauds, without in a single instance ob-
taining justice.
Mr. SEWARD. The argument of the learned
gentleman now is, that there may have been no
loss sustained. It will be found, on looking at the
documents accompanying the report of the com-
mittee, that such is not the fact. Document No.
3, shows that a heavy loss was sustained. I will
read from that document:
" Fourth question'— Did the goods sell for profit?
"♦tfnsiuer.—No; but a heavy loss. It would have been
a great saving to have reshtpped the goods; but it was gen
ejally supposed that the duty would be refunded, or they
would have been reshipped". The change of duty was
enormous; on some tilings from thirty per cent, to two
hundred percent. It was tne time of square yard minimum
duty."
According to document .No. 6, the following
facts were shown:
"In the report made to Congress last winter, the com-
mittee said that wc do business with the full knowledge
that Congre^ has power to raise or lower the duties at
pleasure—meaning, I suppose, at any moment. But is this
so? Has Congress ever acted upon or justified that prin-
ciple? On the contrary, has it not always been coiiMdered
right and proper that ample tune should be given the
merchant ? otherwise he might be ruined, as we might have
been, it all our importations had been booking baize. The
two invoices on which we claim was for twenty-five bales
blanket?, eight bales hocking, and eight bales flannel.
" Since my latt, I have calculated the loss on three bales
r f the flannel, which were all of the same kind, low priced:
First cost hi England, £167  50
Duty paid by the new tariff  832 00
Shipping charges, exchange, &c. ...... 245 00
$•1,819 50
Sold then for  1/250 00
Lost on eight bales booking  $1,460 00
Lost on three bales flannels  509 00
$2,029 00
iC The amount lost on rhc liner flannels and blankets it
would be impossible to say exactly. The amount wc claim
is the difference of duty, #3,260."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That is the party'sown
statement.
Mr. SEWARLV It is; but it was submitted to
the Committee of the House of Representatives
twice or three times. Those who know Thomas
H. Leggett would have no doubt at all as to the
truth of hid statement.. I will observe further, that
these papers were originally submitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce in the House of Representa-
tives, wlieri Mr. Cambreleug was chairman. He
reported a general law; but which was not passed.
They were afterwards submitted, at two different
sessions, to the Committee on Commeice in the
House, who reported o bill m favor of Mr. Leg-
gelt; and those reports are here. The claim was
lirst presented immediately after the transaction
occurred. There wis a report in favor of it. Then
there was a general law recommended, the parties
expecting relief under that general law, when it
should have been passed, did not then press their
claim. Piid ihey renewed it agam before Con-
gress; and it has been renewed 111 the House of
Representatives from time to time. So tiiat the
farther argument which was advanced by the hon-
orable Senator from Virginia falls; which was,
that this claim has become stale, or ought not to
have due consideration, because it was not pre-
sented in due season.
Mr. 130RLAN1). Therfenator from New York,
I understand, liases this claim upon the ground of
equity, and he says it ought to be allowed, because
these individuals, under a prior law of Congress,
would have been ab'e to realize much more money
by that commercial transaction than they have
done tinder a subsequent law. According to my
understanding of equity, if accounts are settled
upon that principle, the" equity should extend to
the Government, as well as to the individual citi-
Ken, whether the parties are entitled to the advan-
tage they would obtain under the operation of
fhe principle. JNow, have we ever had a claim
before Congress, or does any one suppose that
these individuals would come before Congress,
if they had ordered goods'under a high tariff,
and received them under a low tariff? "Take an
; instance in the operation of the tariffs of 1842
I and ~1846: Suppose an individual—as many un-
1 doubtedly did—ordered goods under the tariff of
1 1842, and did not introduce them into the coun-
i try until the act of 1846 went into operation,
I which greatly reduced the duties: would he,
would any reasonable man, have come forward
and tendered to the Government the difference
which he would have had to pay under the tariff
of 1842, while it was in force, mid that which he
actually- did pay under the act of 1846 ? If we are
, to legislate in this way, equity requires that if we
| pay back to an individual ahy excess which he
: had to pay in consequence of the tariff being
' raised, we should also exact from individuals the
: difference betweetrthe amounts which they would
j have had to pay under a tariff in operation at the
; time the £ooas were ordered, and that in operation
| at the time they were brought to the country.
; Then, taking any series of years in the commer-
cial operations of this country, the balance would
be m favor of the Government, because the tend-
ency has been gradually, with occasional excep-
tions, to reduce the rate of duties. Therefore, in
the long run, more goods will be found to have
been ordered under a high tariff, and come in
i under a low one, than were ordered under a low
i one and come in under a high one. The balance
| would be in favor of the Government.
! The honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
! Hunter,] while speaking upon this subject,
I brought to my mind a speech delivered in the
House of Representatives the other day, and
which is published, and laid on our desks, in this
morning's Globe; and 1 think the facts it setsforth
! present a very strong case ill point. The Senator
; from Virginia suggested that there might be a loss
sustained by another interest in this country by a
change in legislation upon the subject of duties;
that there might be a loss to the agricultural inter-
est by raising the duties affecting their productions.
Here is a case in point. Here is a table to which
I would call the attention of Senators, which is
very important in this view. The speech to "njjiich
1 refer is onedelivered in the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. Raxtoul, of Massachusetts, in
which he submits a series of tables, showing the
effect of the tariff acts of 1849 and 1846 upon the
j prices of agricultural products for a series of years.
: I will n<H go through the whole of the tables, but
j merely refer to the tables marked A and B, pre-
! senteti in the body of the speech. Itishereshown
i that the aggregate loss upon agricultural produc-
! tions, for a series of live years, under the opera-
i tipn of the tariff of 1842, was §126,340,639.
i The loss on cotton alone was §89,661,531; the
loss on tobacco was §16,786,197; the loss on
| vegetable food was $8,519,803; the loss on pro-
i visions and animal products was $4,373,108;
! the loss on other exports, estimated in part,
i $7,000,000; making a total of $126,340,639.
! Well, sir, if an individual who had ordered goods
> under a low tariff, and introduced those goods
[ under a high tariff, has any equitable claim before
! Congress for relief for the difference between the
! amount he would have had to pay under the one,
1 and actually did pay under the other, would not
| the agriculturists have precisely the same equitable
, demand for this immense difference between the
prices they would have received under the opera-
tion of one tariff, and the low prices they actually
received under the operation of another tariff? I
think 110 one can deny that. But the legislation of
this country, so far as is presented by these tables,
seems to be compensating in matters of sort. Thus
we find that, under the tariff of 1846, which was
intended to do justice to the agricultural interest,
which had been greatly depressed under the oper-
ation of the tariff of 1842, the prices of agricultural
' productions were brought up; and upon these
! same productions, for another period of live years,
; there was a gain by the rise of prices, under the
tariff of 1846, to the amount of $148,486,274.
] So (he fact is, if an equitable settlement of ac-
j counts is desired beivveen the Government and its
i citizens growing out of its revenue system, it will
j be, as it has been, most easily and certainly at-
tained by general legislation. Such legislation, I
j am aware, has been and may again be somewhat
j fluctuating, but in the long run it will be asnearly
j1 equitable as it will probably be in our power to
! make it. No such legislation as this, therefore,
-1 is required to do justice to the parties, or to give
!i them equitable relief. In the view presented.
general legislation seems to have been sufficient
for the relief of the agricultural interest; and I am
for leaving the settlement of accounts between the
| Government and merchants, and other operators
in the same mode and measure of relief, and would
withhold special legislation, particularly in old
cases like this, the precise merits of which the
, Senator from Virginia has very clearly shown can-
Lnot be ascertained, especially at so long a period
! after the transaction has taken place.
I Mr. RHETT. Mr. President, the position
| taken by the Senator from New York is, that the
j petitioner has lost money by the operation of our
! tariff laws. If the principle is good, I think it will
apply to mostof our legislation. It is next t& im-
possible to make a law that will operate equally
upon all classes and all individuals in the country,
especially when you interfere with the property of
the country. Forinstance; take the case of making
roads. You set up a railroad: it is immediately
followed by the dissolution and ruin of every turn-
pike and canal that comes within the reach of its
influence; and in this way thousands are ruined.
I You set up a steam factory, and those who rnanu-
j facture by water-power may be ruined. A friend
| of mine purchased on the south side of the Ar-
i kansas river, sixty miles of land: we admitted
! Texas into the Union, and he was a ruined man.
j It is impossible to lay a tax which does not operate
j unequally upon the producers of the country, if
| you lay down the proposition, that, whenever your
taxation operates unequally, you are to compen-
I sate the individual whom it affects, in order to put
! him on an equality with all other citizens; then it
I is impossible for you to lay a tax, without having
| brought before you for legislation, a large class of
j claimants exactly like this case which the Senator
from New York has brought forward. If you lay
I a tax upon any particular production, you must
ij affect those engaged in it, and must operate on
!j them injuriously. Thus, if the principle which
'i the Senator from New York contends for, be cor-
rect, not only in this instance, but in almost every
other instance in which we legislate, affecting the
material interests of the country, and especially all
its taxation, must necessarily be followed with a
| flood of petitions, to produce what he calls equity
under the legislation of Congress. The principle
i upon which legislation always takes place is this:
I The Legislature endeavors to legislate for thegood
of the great bulk and majority of the people; and,
although evil must necessarily be done to a portion
of the citizens, yet, inasmuch as greater good is
done to the greater part, the law goes into effect;
and, consequently, in all the legislation affecting
the material interests of the country, it never has
been pretended, and it is impracticable to attempt to
do perfect equity to those who may suffer unequally
j by the operation of such laws. Therefore the
; broad proposition is not applicable simply to the
.! tariff, but to all the legislation of Congress; and
i| the application which the Senator from New York •
! has supported, it. seems to me, ought to fail,
j! Mr. SMITH. I do not propose to discuss the
;! merits of this bill at any length. It seems to me,
! however, to be an extraordinary case, and one in
II which we can grant relief without the violation of
j! any principle. It is totally impossible to make 5
'l change in the revenue laws of a country without
I1 producing some degree of inequality in the opera-
i' tion of those laws, and without doing some degree
ij of injustice to this man or the other. Ill most
'I cases it would be tota'ly impossible to asceiiain
('whether the party who presents a claim of this
kind had sustained any serious damage or injury-
! Considerations, su^h as were adverted to by my
honorable friend from Kentucky, [Mr. TTxder-
! wood,] would come into view, and it would be
! necessary to have regard to them in our decision
; And in many cases, if we could say that there
;■ had been some degree of injury sustained, it would
[ be very difficult to ascertain the full extent of that
1 injury, or determine what should be the measure
] of relief.
! Here is an extraordinary case, Mr. President,
i; in which Congress, without giving any sufficient
! notice, or what may be termed an adequate notice
m point of time, passes a law which is just as in-
|; jurious to the citizen as though no notice whatever
I were given. Congress imposes suddenly, and
i. without available notice to the party, the most
enormous duties—dutieswhich.by their operation,
II will take out. of thepockets of these parties several
• thousand dollars. Now, while 1 would not inter-
