1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60o
pose ni a doubtful or ordinary case, yet when we ;
have presented to us a case of this character, |
where nearly a hundred per cent, in regard to
some articles, and more than a hundred per cent,
in regard to others, is suddenly imposed, the party
having had no available notice, it does appear that
the party is fairly entitled to come to Congress for
redress. Nor do I think that the suggestion of
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] is
entitled to any great weight when he says that the
importer might have added the duty to the price of
the articles; for even suppose he did so, those ar-
ticles might remain on his hands unsold. The
the revenue laws of the country, and was not wan-
tonly passed in a manner to entrap and ensnare
the commercial community, or to impose upon
them burdens which ought not to be imposed upon
them without due notice.
Mr. President, I will not dwell further upon
this subject, regarding the case as very extraor-
dinary—one, in point of fact, amounting almost
substantially to a confiscation of the property of
this party by the Government of the United States;
and entertaining this view of it I am prepared to
wte for his relief.
Mr. DAWSON. I have voted against meas-
mere adifition of the duties to the original prices of :: ures of this kind before, and I have done so on
the goods would not make them marketable. The :! principle. The act of 1842 went into immediate
party must sell according to the market price, and | operation. There were all the iron establishments
that price will unquestionably be regulated by the i of Pennsylvania, and other States of the Union,
relations of demand and supply, which will |! with a protective duty of twenty-five per cent.,
again be affected in their turn by the operations of ; and with a large quantity of iron on hand'
a tariff as it may be increased or diminished.
Here the market was made under a low duty, and
without any notice, while in this case, before the
parties could receive their goods, the law was so
changed, and such an exorbitant duty imposed
as to amount almost to a confiscation of the prop-
erty of the importer.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise for the pur-
pose of discussing the merits of this bill at any
considerable length, but cluefly to make an expla-
nation in regard to the tariff of 1842, for which I j
voted, as a member of the House of Representa- \
tives, as well as many other gentlemen who are >
now members of the Senate. Ordinarily, it will ■
be admitted on all hands, that revenue bills should 1
be prospective; that a considerable period of time |
should intervene between the passage of the law ;
and the period at which it is to come into opera- I
tion, in order that sufficient notice may be given
to the mercantile community. I know that the J
tariff of 1842 was passed without any such pro-',
vision, and of course it took effect immediately on '
being approved by the President. And, sir, the j
reason of that may be found in what is ordinarily j
denominated the compromise tariff—that of the
2d of March, 1833. By the first section of that !
bill, provision is made for the gradual reduction |
of duties m all cases where they exceeded twenty i
percent, of the invoiced value of the goods. Ten j
per cent, was to come off biennially from all arti- j
cles on which a high duty was imposed, until all j
duties should be brought down to an ad valorem \
of twenty per cent. 1 will not say a word, sir, in
regard to the wisdom or folly of such a law; but ;
by it everything was to be brought down to the
dead level of twenty per cent, ad valorem. Then,
sir, comes the third section of this law, in the fol- -
lowing words: j
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That until the tlur- ;
tietn day or June, otic thousand eight hundred and l'ort)- ,
two, the duties imposed by existing law-*, a* modified by 1
tins act, shall lcmam and continue to be collected. And |
from and after the day la-st aforesaid, all duties upon mi- j
port* shall bfi co)i  etod in ready money, and all ercdit-3 now ;
allowed by law in the payment o! dunes. Miall be and are 1
hereby abolished; and such duties shall be laid for the pur- I
pose of rapine f>ueh iev<-nup a* may be necessary to an I
economical administration of Government; and Horn and
after the dav last aforesaid the duties requned to he paid by
law on goods, wares, and merchandise, shall be assessed 1
upon the value thereof at the port where the hime >hail be
entered, under such regulations as may be prescribed by !
law. !
So that by tins section of the act of the 2d of!
March, 1833, there is a general provision that the '
existing laws shall remain in force until the time '
specified. It then goes on in words of the future }
tense, and provides what shall be the character of '
the subsequent legislation of Congress. Now, I i
know that it was considered exceedingly doubtful i
whether there was any existing- lav/ that would j
authorize the collection of one penny of-duty. 1
The then existing Administration, however, de
The duty was twenty-five doi-
Mr. COOPER,
Jars per ton
Mr. DAWSON. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania informs me that the duty was not twenty-
five per cent, on the value, but twenty-five dollars
on the ton; and now, I believe, it is reduced to
seven dollars on the ton. The operation of that
tariff by which this was done, was destructive to
that interest everywhere within our limits. They
lost immensely by it. Many of the largest fur-
naces were closed, and their proprietors ruined.
And what, sir, was the occasion of it? What but
the operation of our legislation here and in the other
branch of Congress ? If this bill h) to pass on what
is here called a principle of equity, would we not
be compelled to go to the relief ot thosn who^nive
invested their capital under the laws, end who, by
their sudden changc, have sustained ruinous losses ?
Why should we interfere in favor of the merchant
nd not m fa\or of the manufacturer ? I am like
ae Sen ator from Virginia, [Mr. Huxter,] who
hs told us that he thinks we cannot go properly
into such a measure as this. If we undertake to
open a court of equity here on such a principle as
is implied in this bill, in consequence of the loose
character of our legislation, 1 do not tlnnk that
this Government could meet thp claims which
would be brought against it- The friends of high
tariffs usually pass these tariff laws for the benefit
of particular interests. By changes from these
high tariffs, these mterests'are subjected to loss,
sometimes to ruin—the manufacturing and agri-
cultural more than any other—and if parties are to
be compensated for losses accruing under these
changes, then the agriculturist and the manufac-
turer should be compensated, and, in many in-
stances, we know that these losses are immense.
I merely make this comparison with the view of
showing that { am unwilling to vote for the biil in
consequence of the enormous principle it involves,
and to give us caution hereafter in our legislation
to give sufficient time whenever we undertake to
alter a tariff, so that no injustice may be worked
which can be avoided. It is said that this is usu-
ally done. True, it is: but it was not done in 5812.
JSfow, to show the difference between the cases
of the merchant and the manufacturer in these cases
of sudden changes of a tariff, it should be remem-
bered that the latter has to invest an immense
capital in buildings and machinery for carrying on
many businesses which may be rumed any day
by a"change in the ianff. His business is ilius de-
stroyed, his machinery and buildings become
worthless in consequence, and thus his whole cap-
ital may be inecoverably gone. Widely different
is it with the merchant, whose market is only
changed or modified, and who is seldom confined
m his business to one particular kind of article
which may thus be affected. While, therefore, I
would desire to vote in every case where equity is
cided, that upon a proper construction of the law !; the foundation, 1 ennnot do so in this case. I can-
the Government was entitled to collect twenty per
cent., and no more. But this was regarded by 'i
members of Congress as being exceedingly doubt-11
ful—so doubtful, indeed, that it was carried to the j
Supreme Court; and that court decided that the'j
construction which was given to the law by the ji
Administration was the true and proper construc- ji
tion, and that under the provisions of the law the j
Government was entitled to take twenty per cent, j
Now, the law of 1842 was passed in suclr a form i
as to take effect immediately upon its enactment, j
and this, simply on account of the doubts and em- '
barrassments of members of the two Houses of j i
not vote for tins bill unless the principle involved
in it is to be extended to every interest which has
been affected by these changes; and to do so would
be ruinous to the treasury of the wealthiest coun-
try under the sun.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill indefinitely.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will withdraw that motion.
A Senator. The motion is not debatable.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is wrens:.
The motion is debatable.
Mr. SEWARD. I have but a word more to
Congress in regard to the then existing state of!! say, and that is, that any one can see that to make
revenue acts prospective, is not only equitable but
just; and that when they are not prospective they
operate as a surprise; and when an aet has been
passed which is not prospective it produces a sur-
prise. It may be vindicated, perhaps, upon the
ground of necessity. The act of 3842, then, is not
applicable t£ the present case, because there was
no necessity for this act to take effect immediately,
and so as to confiscate the property of merchants
which had been contracted for in England a few
months before. It is no answer to this to say
that another act was passed which was made to
take effect immediately, and produced similar re-
sults.
And in regard to the manner in which the claim
is made, so far as it goes to show that uthor acts
have operated in a similar manner upon other in-
terests of society, I submit that that is no answer.
It may be, possibly, that we cannot reach the cases
of the oppressive operation of a change of revenue
laws; it is enough if we can reach this. As I have
said, the passage of the act of 1828, without giving
any notice before it went into operation, was unne-
cessary, and it operated as a surprise.
Mr. COOPER. If this were a hypothetical
case, a doubtful case as to the loss sustained by
the importing merchant, I certainly should not
vote for it. But I think the case presented by
this bill is very different from the cases which have
been, or seem to have been, regarded as analogous
by the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] and the honorable Senator from Arkan-
| sas, [Mr. Borland.]
| The increase of duties by Congress on foreign
; goods is to benefit immediately the merchant, and
i for a very obvious reason. I clo not pretend now,
sir, to enter into a discussion of the question,
whether the mercantile classes of the community
are benefited by high duties, or by duties ordinary
in their amount and character upon imported
goods; but I say the immediate effect of an in-
crease of duties is to benefit the merchant, and for
an obvious reason. The goods which the mer-
chant has on hand at the time 
[The honorable Senator was, at this point in his
remarks, suddenly seized with vertigo, and was
compelled to take his seat.]
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the bill.
Mr. COOPER. 1 will not now proceed. I am
not able.
Mr. CLARKE. I move that the question be
postponed, in order to give the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania an opportunity to present his
views on another occs uon.
The PR-ESIDENT. The question is on an in-
definite postponement.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw that motion of
course, if the Senator from Pennsylvania desires
it. I will agree that it snail belaid over informally.
The PRESIDENT. To move to postpone it
will be the same thing.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to, and the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed to Friday
next.
[Mr Cooper, retired from the Senate Chamber,
but in a few moments returned to hi<^ seat, and
remained in attendance during the day.]
RALII.'GH AND GA.STO.N RAILROAD CU.
Mr. BADGER. There is a bill which was re-
ported by the Committee on Finance something
like a foitnighi or three weeks since, which 1 hope
the Senate will indulge me in taking up for con-
sideration at the present time, it is a bill to give
a credit to the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad Com-
pany on the payment of duties on their iron. I
mention as a reason for taking up the biM now,
! that it is to give relief to this company by extvnd-
I ing the time for the payment of duljVs on iron
j imported by that company, and beonuse it a
i bill which differs from every o;her winch v 
. come before us. The iron is ah eadv ordeieu, and
: if the bill is to puss at all, so as to ufiord them any
; relief, it must pass immediately. I hope theSen-
; ate will njrree to take it up.
I The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to its consideration r.s m Committee of the
| Whole.
The bill provides thatthe Secretary oftbeTreas-
: itry be authorized enu directed to extend the time,
i of'the payment of duties upon all iron rails
j or hereafter to be imported by said company for
