1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2381
grant to Texas, were reserved and retained in the
Treasury, until releases should be iiied by the
creditors of Texas of a certain class. That class
of creditois, as the Senate will remember, were
those who held bonds for which the revenues of
Texas, arising from imports, had been pledged.
It had been alleged here, that the United States
were liable for the bonds for which these revenues
were so pledged. Even during the discussion of
the annexation of Texas, I well recollect that the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Da-
vis,] in the course of a speech which he made on
that occasion, produced one of the revenue bonds
of Texas, held it up, showed it to the Senate of
the United States, and urged it as an argument
against annexation, that we should be inevitably-
obliged, at some future day, to pay that class of
debts, at all events. That was one of the consid-
erations which induced the Congress of the Uni-
ted States to agree to give to Texas, by the bill of
1850, the large sum of $.10,000,000. It was held
that the United States were liable—at all events
such was the opinion of a great many persons,
and probably of a majority of Congress—because,
if the United States upon the annexation of Texas
took possession of the funds which were pledged
by that Republic to one class of her creditors, they
must take those funds cum onere; they could not
be diverted from the purpose to which they had
been pledged by the Government of Texas; and
when they were received into the Treasury of the
ITnited States, the United States having so diverted
them became liable, at least in some degree, to the
parties to whom those bonds were pledged.
Well, sir, that being the case, the United States,
having that view, reserved the five millions, and
declared that they should not be paid over to Texas
until the creditors filed their releases. It is mani-
fest, when we come to consider this proposition,
that we are considering: that which does not con-
cern Texas and her creditors alone, but which con-
cerns the Treasury of the United States. Texas
has passed a law proposing the liquidation of her
debt, and has classed her creditors variously.
I have not yet ascertained the exact amount of
those claims for which her revenues from customs
were specially pledged by that name, or generally
as revenues, or as being made receivable in pay-
ment of public dues. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in the opinion which he has filed on this case,
has slated that he supposes that the class of claims
which came under that description, are not to be
confined to those claims for which the revenues
from customs were pledged on the face of the bonds,
but that other classes, also, arc equally pledged,
though in adifferentform. Forexample, soraeof
these obligations of Texas are made receivable for
all public dues, if they are receivable for all pub-
lic dues, they are receivable in payment of duties
on imports; and if so, duties on imports'be may
considered as pledged for their payment. Texas,
by the act of their Congress, though it does not
appear on the face of many of her obligations,
pledged all her revenues for the payment of those
obligations prior to January, 1840. Of course, a
pledge of revenue from all sources, included a
pledge of revenue from customs, just as effectually
as if that source of revenue was specially named;
since otherwise a general pledge of the revenues
would be a pledge of no particular item of revenue
at all. These are classes of which we were not.
aware at the time we passed the act of 1850. These
classes amount to a much larger sum than the five
millions reserved,and hence u is that the United
States become interested; for these different classes
of claimants amounting to more than the five mil-
lions, it follows, that if we allow these claims to
be admitted by payment to one portion of the
creditors, still we would remain liable to another
portion, and so 'we should not escape that which it
was our purpose to avoid when we made the res-
ervation.
Texas has scaled her debts—that is, she pro-
poses to liquidate them by paying some creditors
the par value, as we call it, or the ostensible value,
as they call it, at the treasury of Texas; others
she proposes to pay at the rate of seventy cents on
the dollar; another class at fifty cents, and another,
I think, at twenty cents on the dollar. With re-
gard to some of these claims, Texas alleges that
she received only so much as she is now willing
to pay—that those who took her obligations bought
them under par, or advanced less than their nom-
inal amount. Then again, in regard to some
classes, it is impossible to ascertain what the dif-
ferent creditors have advanced on those bonds—
some having given more, and others less. These
Texas has avenged. This proceeding is not sat-
isfactory to those who have been scaled at the low
rate; and they, naturally enough, are disposed to
hold, not Texas only, but the United States liable
for the whole amountof what is due upon the face
of the bonds. They say—and it is very difficult
to deny it—that, at the penod when they took
those obligations, the affairs of Texas were m a
very critical, if not almost desperate, state; that
the reduced rates at which they paid for their bonds
was but fair, when you consider the risk they
run; and they say that they are entitled to all, now
that Texas has got out, of her difficulties, and es-
pecially as the United States have in some meas-
ure acknowledged their liability for them. And
then, as it has not been the practice of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to scale her debts—
to refuse to pay her liabilities in full—it js difficult
for us to say that we will sanction any proceeding
by which payment for one portion of these debts
at one rate should be paid at the Treasury, at a
rate which will leave a remainder of the five mil-
lions insufficient to pay the other creditors at the
same rate.
I wish to say that 1 trust these remarks will not
be considered offensive to Texas. It is impossi-
ble to avoid speaking of the effect of the scaling
act; but neither in the report of the Committee on
Finance, nor m any remarks which I may make,
is there any desire to cast any reproach upon that
State. On the contiary, 1 have endeavoied to
avoid any expression which might justly cause
irritation.
I suppose that if you adopt this proposition of
the Senator from Virginia, the consequence would
be, that something like 4.1,800,000 would be paid
out of the Treasury of the United States in favor
of the claimants, scaled at the high rate, and they
most probably \v uuld be satisfied ; but those scaled
at the low rates would be utterly dissatisfied; and
they would hereafter be calling on the Treasury,
and calling, until at List, 1 have no doubt, we
should yield to their demands, and exhaust not
only the whole amount of the $5,000,000 left,
after the $1,800,000 were paid, but e\ en ^(i,000,000
or $7,000,000—to which, with the accumulated
interest, m the course of a few years, the remain-
der ot the debt would amount, if we adopt
this amendment, the amount remaining of the
$5,000,000 will not more than one half satisfy these
demands.
Now, will the United States, under these cir-
cumstfincp^, givp their sanction to a proposition
by wlrch one class of creditors, having quite an
equal claim upon them as the other class, shall be
paid at the Treasury out of this reserved fund, at
the larger rate at which their claims were scaled,
and l> ave ilie others to receive the reduced rate at
which they were scaled, or wait an indefinite series
of yeais, besieging us all the time for the full rate
which they siy they have the right to demand,
and which, according to our image, we have not
a right to deny? If we are not prepared to say
that we will discriminate between the classes who
have equal claims against the United States, we
must reject this amendment.
The Committee on Finance have, through me,
submitted a proposition which we believe will be
satisfactory to all the creditors of Texas. That
proposition is to appropriate eight millions three
hundred urd tbutv-thiee thousand dollars
333,000) in bonds he.uuvran intcie-t of three per
cent., to be d.vided equally anions all the claim-
ants acc-o'din-r to then claim*. 1 do not propose
now to vimiirat<s that hill, but \ shall be p.epared
to do so lever it comes up propeily. We
hope that U will prove satisfactory to Texas, as
we are sure it will be to the neditor*. But while
that is pending, it seems to nie tb U we can scarce-
ly, without entering into its consideration, under-
take to dispose favora; ly of this proposition of
ihe Senator ftom Virginia, f will not pursue the
debate further. T have stated these considerations
in order to show the difficulties in the way of the
adoption of the proposition of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not propose to discuss
this amendment at all. I should be in favor of it,
if it could be voted on without debate; but I am
not disposed to risk the appropriation bills by a
long debate on this subject; and how I shall vote
on the amendment will depend on circumstances.
1 reserve my vote for the occasion. If the vote
could be taken without debate, I should certainly
go for the amendment of my colleague; for I think
it a better proposition than the one which has been
reported from the I^inance Committee. I sh'ould
not have risen now, but I might seem to have been
committed by the remarks of the Senator from In-
diana, in relation to that matter. It was my desire
that this bill should not be encumbered with either
proposition. If there were time to consider it, I
believe it would be the duty of the Senate to take
up the proposition of my colleague, and contrast
that with the one reported by the Committee on
Finance, and calmly and carefully to consider
them both. I prefer that of my colleague.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. President, without the
reservation having been made in the law of 1850,
I should never have supposed for one moment that
the Government of the United States were liable
for any portion of the debt of Texas. Noi do I
believe that by any but an open declaration of
theirs can they ever assume the responsibility of
her debts. It would have been proper to have as-
certained from Texas what was the actual amount
of debt for which the revenue arising from im-
ports was pledged. That revenue was especially
pledged by Texas for the redemption of loans ana
for nothing else, it was not pledged as to any
issues. Texas has not repudiated any of her lia-
bilities. She has arranged that by her municipal
regulations. She had a right to do that. She
made several pledges of her revenue for different
issues. But she made no special grant or pledge
of the revenue arising from imports cxcept For the
redemption of her loans. She might appropriate
that especially, and she might receive in consider-
ation of the duties what she pleased; and it would
not affect, the character of the pledges given. She
is competent to regulate her own matters, and she
will reserve that power let the United States take
what action they please.
All that 1 have to say on this question is, that
I regret extremely, that after a session of eight
months, this is brought m as a subject of discus-
sion before the Senate within the last nights of the
session. Texas would have been prepared, and
her representatives in the Senate would have been
prepaied, to have taken the part winch behooved
them. We do not want to interfere with the
United States. We wish only to maintain the fair
construction of the laws of Texas, and her liabili-
ties to her creditors.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I shall cer-
tainly vote against this amendment as now pro-
posed; and ! shall vote against it, because I think
there is no time for a discussion of the principles
involved in it, and the relative importance of the
two propositions—this and the one reported by
the Finance Committee. Now, you have two dis-
tinct propositions involving a vanely of questions.
I have not had time to examine the subject, because
the repoit of the committee was only laid on our
desks withm the last four or five days. "But there
is enough known to me to satisfy me, that there
is a serious question to bedetermmed. Is this the
proper time to do it? Ought this hill fo be inter-
fered with ; Further; ought you to treat the
opinion of the majority of the committee, to whom
you referred this matter, and who have made a
report cuUerse to the proposition now under con-
sideration, with so much disrespect as to pass it
without full discussion and debate? In my opin-
ion, as this amendment now comes before the
Semite, and without reflecting upon its merits, I
shall vote against it, because I have no time to
consider it: nor do 1 think the bill ought to be
embarrassed by bunging the question now before
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I have not
now time to say what I would wish to say upon
this subject, but 1 will say one thing pretty decided-
ly, that I think Texas ousrht to "be theadmims-
'ratorof her own affairs; and when the United
States undertook to supervise and correct her and
assume for Texas a responsibility which she is
not disposed to assume for herself, it is the climax
of Federal assumption.
Sir, some gentlemen say there is not time to
consider this subject; others say if there were
time, it ought not to be considered one way or the
other; but I choose to say 1 hat there is time
enough to consider this in any point of view in
which I believe the subject ought to be considered,
