1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1517
the first opportunity I have had to advert to them,
that I should avail myself of the occasion to call the
attention of the House to the statements of the
gentleman, which I am very well assured he will,
upon more mature examination, be willing to with-
draw. [ make no objection now to the proposed
reference of the bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. There is a possi-
bility I may have been mistaken with regard to
there having been any formal action upon the re-
ports of committees of this House in the Twenty-
sixth or^Twenty-eighth Congress. What I said
in my speech was, that that subject was very
thoroughly investigated—very thoroughly dis-
cussed on minority and majority reports of stand-
ing and select committees of this House; and that
the bill, after having been so discussed and exam-
ined, failed to receive the sanction of this House.
Mr. MILLSON". It was not acted upon at all.
Mr. STANTON. It may be that it was not
drawn to a vote. I have not examined the Jour-
nals to ascertain whether theie had been a vote or
not. It failed to receive the sanction of the House,
either through want of time, or indisposition of
the House to act upon it*,—which I do not know.
At a'subsequent Congress, a report was made
by Mr. Kubard, of Virginia—a solitary majority
report—which was discussed m the House; and,
if my understanding of the matter is correct, was
then voted upon.
Mr. MiLLSON. It is true, Mr. Speaker,
when that very able and learned report was made
by the Com'mittee on Public Lands, to which the
gentleman refers, there was a discussion in the
House; but the only vote was to order the publi-
cation of 10,000 extra copies of the report; thus
far seeming to indicate approval of the principles
involved in if.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I have not, myself,
regarded as of great consequence the action of
former Congresses. A word or two—and but a
word or two—in regard to the statistics to which
the gentleman from Virginia alludes. When the
time comen for the gentleman and myself to* com-
pare notes, and to investigate these supposed errors,
we will be enabled to engage in a discussion more
understandingly. If I have fallen into any mis-*
takes, they are mistakes derived from official rec-
ords, which I have no means of correcting. I
shall be a little gratified, and a good deal disap-
pointed, if the gentleman from Virginia will be
successful in showing, from my own data, that
these warrants have not been fully satisfied. I
shall be a good deal disappointed if he can find
out any errors m the figures which I have submit-
ted, and which are ciemed from official data, and
show that the troops of the Virginia Sine on the
Continental establishment have not already re-
ceived a larger n mount of lands than they can by any
possibility L>e entitled to. There may have been im-
proper claims allowed, and proper ones still out-
standing; but it is not proper for me to go into this
matter fully at the present time. 1 have no especial
interest m resisting the passage of this law. I do
not propose, unless it becomes necessary for the
purpose of defending the positions I have already
taken, to engage in resisting the passage of tins bill,
but T did deem it necessai y, upon the bill which was
reported by my colleague, [Mr. Taylor,] to at-
tempt to satisfy the House that the claims winch
he asked to be'satisfied were not meritorious, he-
cause that was a matter pecuniarily affecting my
own condiments. So far as the bill now under,
consideration is concerned, proposing to subject
these warrants to location upon any of the public
lands, I acknowledge that my constituents have no
pecu'iar interest, except what is common to the
wholecountry. If no other gentleman sees proper,
therefore, to'engage in resisting the passage of
this biil, I shall not do so. w
i teii thegentleman,unless it becomes necessary
for the onroose of protecting my own position and
statement, thet I have heretofore made upon what
i regard tmorop r legislation 
Mr. MILLSON. With the gentleman's per-
mission, i will say that 1 have very little desire to
assail his positions, not merely because I do not
believe they were assumed with any intention to
do injustice to these claims, but because I am
willing to occupy many of those positions myself;
for I will call the attention of the gentleman to the
fact, that in his own calculation, he estimates the
number of privates m the Virginia Continental
line to have been some eight thousand four hun-
dred and fifty-nine. Now, I do not say that he
has not fallen short of the correct number, but I do
say that the whole number of claims which have
been heretofore allowed, both for officers and pri-
vates of the Continental and State line and State
navy is only a little over six thousand. That is a
fact to which I call the gentleman's attention. He
is surprised, however, that these six thousand and
upwards should have received more than he esti-
mates to have been due to the whole number. I
will indicate to him the source of his error. It
was m understating the amounts to which these
officers and soldiers were entiled. He assumes,
for instance, that the privates were entitled on an
average to only one hundred acres of land. Mr.
H. Hall, of Vermont, the most virulent oppo-
nent these claims have ever encountered in this
Houye, some ten years since assumed the average
due to privates to be one hundred and fifty acres;
and for assuming so small an average, he was
successfully assailed in the report of Mr. Hub-
ard. I merely indicate to the gentleman the
occasion of his mistake, being perfectly satisfied
that he will, when he comes to examine the ques-
tion, admit the error and retract it.
Mr. STANTON. One word in reply to thp
gentleman. If warrants have issued only to the
number which the gentleman states, it appears
very clear to me that warrants have been issued
for more land than their owners were entitled to.
1 will state the difference in the estimates of Mr.
Highland Hall, to which the gentleman alludes,
and myself. Mr. H. Hall attempts to ascertain
the number engaged in the Virginia line who were
entitled ro bounty land warrants, and makes a
variety of estimates, predicating them upon a va-
riety of data. Those entitled were those who
served for three years, and during the war. Now,
all his investigations are to ascertain whatnumber
have served three years, or daring the war. That
is the point with regard to which all the difficulty
has arisen. There exists no data to show the
term of service of the Virginia iroops. There is
the difficulty. Hence, Mr. H. Hall could not
ascertain with demonstrable certainty the number
of Virgim.t tioops who were entitled to land war-
rants. He makes an estimate from the best data
he could get of the number who had served long
enough to entitle them to bounty lands; and allows,
as an average, one hundred and fifty acres to each.
Those who served three years were entitled tn one
hundred acrcs; those who served dining the war
were entitled to two hundred acres, and he there-
fore assumed the average of one hundied and
fifty. I start upon a dnreient basis, conceding, in
the outset, that theie is no official data upon which
you can ascertain the number that served long
enough to entitle fhem to bounty land warrants.
1 take tlu* a^'zregote of rank and file, and oifi'-ers,
without rcrard to the term of service, i fake every
man who is entered on the pay-roil—whether he
served a week or day, who received advance pay.
I take it for granted that in that aggregate there
was a large number who did not serve three years, ;
and, therefore, never became entitled to bounty
land warrants. I assume that the whole of them
—those who were not entitled to bounty land and ■
those who were—served three years; supposing 1
those who served dining the war to he equal in •
number to those who served teas than three years.
If would, then, !ea\e the aveiage of soldiers,
without res aid the term of service, at one
hundred acres. That .1 believe u  be a liberal esti- ,
mate. The gentleman will, I think, now perceive '
the difference between Mr. Hall's estimate and
mine. There is no inconsistency m the two prop-
ositions.
Mr. STANLY. I whdi to say a word upon
tins bill. One argument the gendema.i from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mu-lsox] refe±red to oua;ht nor to be
allowed to pass without a protest. Tie said that,
of one of the reports made upon these Virginia
land claims,some ten thousnnd exJra conies were
ordered to be minted, and died that as an illustra-
tion that the House favored the views tnken in that
report. These claims have other merits to stand
upon besides that. If that be the only argument ■
in their favor thev are weak indeed.
Mr. MILLSON. The House will recollect tJut
I did not refer to the order of the House for the
publication of extra copies of that report untd
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] stated '
there was a vote taken at that session of Congress.
I then, in reply to that observation, said it was
j true a vote had been taken, but that the only
} vote taken was upon ordering the publication
j of a large number of extra copies of that re-
| port; and, inasmuch as that report was a favor-
I able one, it was fair to infer, if the House meant
| to intimate anything at all by that vote, that, so
| far as it went, it was favorable rather than unfa-
I vorable.
| Mr. STANLY. So far as it went! I say that
j it does not go anywhere, It does not go at all.
| How does it argue when extra copies of minority
^ reports are ordered to be printed? If I recollect
; aright, when Mr. Van Buren's plan for reor-
• ganizing the militia was introduced, there was
' a large number of extra copies ordered to be
. printed, for the purpose of showing the bad pol-
; icy of the Administration. It does not argue nny-
: thing that an extra number of copies has been
! ordered to be printed. I do not wish this bill to
be prejudiced by any remarks made now before
we are ready for action upon it, nor do I want it
to be supported by arguments that will not hold
water. I do not think that the ordering of an ex-
tra number of copies of a report to be printed,
sanctions at all the principles involved in it. At
that rate, it might be said that a Democratic Con-
gress has recently sanctioned high-tariff opinions
contained in the Patent Office Report; for, a year
or two ago, 100,000 extra copies of that document
were ordered to be printed. It contained some
strong statistics, some strong arguments, in favor
of a protective tariff. No man voted for the print-
ing of that extra number of copies of that report
because it contained tariff arguments. I have re-
| marked thus much by way of preventing preju-
| dice to this bill, which, I hope, will have a fair
! hearing on its own merits.
The bill was then referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
On motion by Mr. COBB, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lnnch bp dis-
charged from the consideration of the following cases, and
that tliey do he upon the table, viz:
Three petition* <>f one hundred and nventv-two citizcns
of Morgan county. Ohio, a-dong a grant of 100,000 acres of
unsold lands within said State, to aid m the construction
of (i certain plank or inaedtl.unizctl load;
Petition of Philip Ad a mi and titty others, citizens of the
counties of Morgan and Perry, asking the grant of 100,000
:vnes of public land to aid in the construction of a certain
plank or macadamized road ;
The petition of citizens of the State of Wisconsin, pray-
ing for a grant of land to aid in the construction of a plank,
road ;
Petition ofR. Douglass and thirty others, citizens of Mis-
sissippi pravmg a giant of land for the benefit of Fianklin
Institute, a hteiary and scientific school in the county of
Copiah, Mi^is-sippi , and
Memorial pi ay my for a grant of land to the settlers on the
lands ceded by the treaty of Pemhma.
Mr. GOBfi, from the Committee on Public.
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Wil-
liam J. Price, praying for the relinquishment of
the reversionary interest of the United States to
a section of land in Jackson county, Alabama,
granted by treaty to William Jones, on conditions
that have been fully complied with, reported a bill
for his relief, which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be primed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition, &c., of Jasper A. Maltby,
praying for bounty land, reported a bill for his
rehef: which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague has in his
hands a bill, which was ordered to be reported by
the Committee on Public, Lands, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, for the purpose of ex-
tending the time in which the State of Alabama
was to select her sixteenth section of school lands
which were taken from her by the Chickasaw
treaty, in 1832 and 1835. I do not desire it to be
reported now, unless the House agree unanimous-
ly to pass it. It is a matter involving no principle,
but owing to the passage of previous bills, provides
for the selection of other lands, in lieu of the six-
teenth sections. It U an extension only of the time
for selection.
Mr. COBB. The State of Alabama selected
lands in Louisiana, but when the returns were
made to the General Land Office, it was"found the
lands they had located were within some Spanish
grants. An extension of time, for the selection of
