1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 1,
lands in lieu of the sixteenth school sections, is all [
that is asked. If it is objected to, I will not now 1
submit the report I have been instructed to make. >
Mr. AVERETT. I do not think the House is J
now m a condition to act upon anything. I have ]
the utmost confidence in the statements of the gen- j
tleman from Alabama, but from the thin state of j
the House, there not being a quorum present, I j
am-compelled to object.
On motion by Mr. HENN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the following
cases, and that they do lie upon the table :
Petition of James A. Cunningham and fifty-two others;
Petition of A. R. Sparks and sixteen otlieis;
Petition of John JLiudei and twenty seven others ; |
Petition of William J. Cooper and nine others ; ||
Petition ofC. C. Tmsly and seven others, asking for ado- j|
nation of public lands to aid iu the construction of a rail- j;
road from Burlington to the Missouii river; j
Petition of citizens of Iowa, a?ktn« for a donation of [;
lands to aid in the construction x)f a railroad from Burling-
ton to the Missouri river;
Petition ot J. A. Painter and twenty three others, citi-
zens of Mills county, Iowa, a^kin? a grant of land to aid in
the conduction of a railroad from Burlington, via Fair-
field and Ottumwa, to the Missouri river, opposite to the
mouth of Platte river;
Petition of Israel Miller and seventy-five others, citizens
of Clark county, Iowa, asking foi a j?iant of land to aid in
the construction of a railroad fiom Turlington to the Mis-
souri river;
Communication from the city of Burlington to the citvof
Wheelm?, in relation ro the construction of a railroad from
Peoria, Illinois, thiough Burlington, lo the Missouri river;
Memorial of A. C. Karding and others, for grant oflands
to the Burlington and Missouri raihoad;
Memorial of Samuel HaNaud and twenty-three others,
citizens of tlie State of Illinois, asking for a grant of land
to aid in the conjunction of a unlioad from IJuilmgton, in
the State of fown, to the Missouri river;
Petition of C J. Garduei and forty five others, citizens of
Iowa, asking a hi ant of land to aid in the construction of a
railroad hoin Bmhiuston to the Mi^ouh uvei ;
Aiemon.il of John D- Elbw e, a giant ofland to aid
in tlu- construction of a railroad fiom Laiayette, via Peoria
and Builmgton, to the Missoim uvei;
Petition of Joseph l$rolv t a.id sixty &ix otheis, asking for
a «rant of land to aid in the construction o( a railroad from
Builington to the Missouri nv>r:
Petition of five hundied citizens of Illinois, for laud to
aid m building a railroad fiom Uuihngton, Iowa, we>i, to
tome point on the Missouri rivei ;
Petition of George W. Crawtbid and thirty others, citi-
zens of Henry county, Iowa, asking a grant of land to aid
in the construct ion ot araihoad fiom Mm im^ton, via Mount
Pleasant, Fairfield, and Ottumwa, to the Missouri rivei;
Petition of O. Peters and other citizens ot Illinois, for a
grant of land to aid m the conjunction of araihoad from
Burlington, Iowa, to some eligible point on the Missouri
river;
Petition of Evan Jay and fiftv-five otheis, asking for a
grant of land lo aid m thtl'eon-uruction of a railroad from
Burhnston to the Misvoun uvei;
Petition of citizens or' Iowa, piaving for a grant of land
to nifTm the construction of a laslioad from Uuilingtou to
the Missouri tiver;
Memorial from Illinois for aid to araihoad from IBuihng-
ton, on the Mississippi river, to the Missouri itvoi ;
Petition of James Shepherd ami one hundied and fifteen
others, praying for an appropiutiou o. land tor a railroad
from L:tiavei!<\ Indiana, via IVona, Kuilington, Keosan-
rjua, and Dloomfirlii, to the Ml -ouu i iver ;
Proceedings of a m.i^s iaili< .id convention held at Ottum-
wa, Iowa, on the l>it!i da> o: I'Vhru.uv, 1^30;
Pioceeduigs ot a railroad ni<'etmg oi tin- eiii/.ens ot D,tvii i i
and Appano.i-c countK'-, held ,11 l ii onifu'Id, Iowa, on the '
29th dav of January, 1H.V2; !;
Memorial of P. C. Tifrimy and mty-seven otheis, eiti-
of Iowa, a-dunt; a ejr.mt o! land to aid in the construe j ■
tion of a railroad from Burlington to the niis^ouri nver; ''
Proceeding of a railroad time ting of the em/.en*. ot'Lucas j j
county, Iowa, at Chariton on the 5th day oi Feinuai>, t&ri; [!
Memorial ot David 0. Ri2s> and twentv one other eui !j
zens of the State of I Hi tun-, foi a poition of land to aid in I j
the construction oi a railroad from Bmhngton to the Mis-
pourt river; " \\
Petition of Jacob P  Sprague and eighty otheis, citizens ;j
of Wapello county, Iowa, asking a giant of land to aid in |!
the conduction of a rathoad from Builington to the Mis- ||
soun rivei ;
Petition of Joseph Riiaw. piaymg foi a donation of public :
land to aid in the coris-tiuction ot a tailioad fiom Lake
Michigan to the Pamtic, and further proposing a plan for [i
the extinguishment of the Illinois rotate debt; [j
Petition of citizen^ of Iowa,  skmg tor tiie creation of a I!
new land dist.iKt in the western portion of the State of j:
Iowa, and for the establishment of a land office theiefor at j|
KanesviHe;
Petition of George W. Armstrong and sixtv others, citi- (i
zensot* Iowa, asking for til#* eiealion of a new land distiict 1 i
in the western portion of Iowa, and for the location of the i:
land office therefor at Kanesville ; j!
Petition ot rf. T. Cary and twenty-eight otheis, citizens
of Iowa, asking for the cu-ation of a new land district in p
the western portion of the State of Inwa, and for the e^tab- ii
hshiHcnt of the land office therefor at Kanc-vilie ; ji
Petition of W. B. l\;rau>on and twenty five others, citi- S|
7<ens of Iowa, asking foi the creation of a" new land m^tnet i j
in the western pait of said_ State, and for the location of i'
the land office thereto! at ls.ane-.vill< ; j;
Petition oi John K. Cook and filty-four others, citizen® i<
of Iowa, asking foi the cieatiou ot a new land district m the
western pait of said State, and ior the loeuliou of the land
office therefor at Kanesville ;
Memorial of a convention of delegates assambled at Os-
kaloosa, Iowa, on the 25th day of November, 1851, asking
a grant of land to aid in the constiuction of a railroad trom
Davenport, via Muscatine and Oskaloosa, to Trader's
Point, on the Missouri river ;
Petition of the Board of Education of the State of Michi-
gan, praying ior a grant of lands to them, equal in value to
certain salt spring lands heretofore granted to said titate,
and erroneously confirmed by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury ;
Petition of Aaron S. Johns, asking for the correction of
an error in the location of a land warrant;
Proceedings, of a meeting oi the stockholders of the Du-
buque and Keokuck Railroad north, held at Anamosa,
January 19th, 1852;
Pioceedings of a meeting of the stockholders of the Keo-
kuck and Dubuque railroad, held at Marion, on the 17th of
'January, 185:2;
Proceedings of the State Railroad Convention, held at
Fairfield, Iowa, on the 11th day of Febiuary, 1852;
Proceedings of a raihoad m«etmg, held at Iowa City,
Iowa, on the 6th day ot February, 185-2; and
Proceedings of a railroad meeting, held at Dubuque,
Iowa, on the Q5th day of Februaty, 1852.
Mr. HENN, ftom the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back Senate bill No. 50, entitled
"An act for the relief of Sidney S. AUcott;'*
which was referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, from the same committee, "An act for
the benefit of the citizens and occupants of the
town of Kanesville, in the State of Iowa;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I hope the House
will grant its unanimous consent to be reported
and passed, a bill of a good deal of importance to
my constituents, and to which certainly no one
can object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no quo-
'rum here, and wc cannot puss any bills to-day.
A Voice. What is the title of the bill11
Mr. >STANTON. It is a bill ceding to the State
of Ohio the unfinished portion of the Cumberland
road in that Stute. No one can object to it.
Mr. JONES. I object.
On motion by Mr. BRIGGS, it was
Ordered, That feave be giantcd to withdiaw the petition
and papers ot Mat> Alaitin, lor the puipose of having them
releiied to a committee ot the Senate.
Mr. COBB. The morning hour has expired;
and, if there is no objection, we can proceed to
the consideration of the business on the Speaker's
table, and take up only such bills as will not give
rise to debate. The House may, however, go on
receiving such reports from committees as are not
to be pressed to a vote at present.
Mr. HOUSTON. That would be the proper
way. Let the call on committees for reports con-
tinue, and let contested matters be kept hack, to lie
reported some other time.
Mr. COBB. I would inquire of the Chair, if
the Committee on Public Lands is passed, with the
understanding that only such matters as are not to
lie pressed to a vote, shall be reported, will it be
first called for reports on Friday next?
Tiie SPEAKER. It will, if that is the under-
standing. The Chair wili state the proposition.
It is proposed, by unanimous consent, that the
House pans not permanently from the Commitleo
on Public Lands, there being a good many bills m
the possession of that committee, the members
interested in which are absent, that it proceed to
receive and to refer such matters as shall give rise
to no debate, and upon which action is not asked
at present; and that when the call for committees
shall be resumed at the next meeting of the House,
u shall commence with the Committee on Public.
LaridvS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to it.
On motion by Mr. BENNETT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands? be dis-
charged fiom the further eouxideiaiion of the following pe-
tiuons and meinoiiais, and *hat they do he upon the table :
Petition oi inhabitants of the State ot New Yoik. for
giant of land to aid in tho construction of a raihoad iiom
Saratoga ripimgs to rfackett's Harbor, on Lake Ontario ;
Memorial of A Dawe^ and one bundled and forfv-flve
others, citizens of Mmgdit county, Ohio, diking a yraut of
100,U(K) acres of unsold public lands within the 8tate of
Ohio, to aid in the construction of a certain plank or mac-
adamized ro<id ;
Memorial ot the di'ectors of the Ilempfield Railroad Com-
pany, tor an appiopnation of public lands to aid in the pro-
motion of then work;
Petition ot Adelson J. Goodw in, Seth Williams, and one
hundied and twenty-six oilier citizens ot Wesley Town-
ship, Wa<dun«rtou county, Ohio, asking Congress to °innt
the "Independent School Association ot the Common- i
wealth of Wesley" thuty-six sections of the public domain i
for the benefit of education xn said Association s ' I
Also, a letter from Susan Crow and eight other females
of the same county, on the same subject;
Petition of the Board of the Lawreace University, in
the State of Wisconsin, asking Concress to appropriate a
certain portion of the public lands upon conditions therein
expressed ; and
Joint resolution of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in fa-
vor of the gianting the military reserve at Fort Winnebago
in aid of the Fox and Wu*con m rivers improvement.
Mr. BENNETT. I have a bill to report, upon
which I desire the action of the House. I would
ask the Chair whether it would not be pending, if
now reported", as the unfinished business, and be
the first business in order when the House again
meets? If that is not the case I will not make the
report.
The SPEAKER. Thfct direction can be given
to the bill only by unanimous consent.
Mr. BENNETT. If I report it, move to re-
commit it, and then the morning hour expires,
will I not have the floor when the House again
resumes its session ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman would be
entitled to the floor in that case.
jj Mr. BENNETT. I will then report the fol-
ij lowing bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to the
passing of any bill. There is not a quorum jSres-
ent.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire a vote of the House
upon it. I do not, however, wish to press it to a
vote now, but only to report it, so that it-may lay
over and come up next Friday, as the first busi-
ness in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that is the
proper course to pursue. It would close up every-
thing else. Let the gentleman make his report
next Friday.
Mr. BEHNETT. I will not make the report
now; but wait for some more favorable opportu-
nity.
&Tr. HALL. T will state, in reply to a remark
of the genilemanfrom Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] that
the Committee on Public Lands are notanxious—
indeed they do not wish to make any important
reports this morning—but they are unwilling, in
the present thin state of the House, that that Com-
mittee should be passed hy,and important matters
left in their hands unreported until all the other
committees have been called. If the gentleman
will consent that we now go on to receive reports
from other committees on unimportant matters,
and when the House is full, that the Committee
on Public Lands be again called, I will not object;
otherwise I will.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The only way to
settle all this difficulty is for the House, in its
present condition, to adjourn, and I therefore make
that motion.
| Cries of " No !M " No !"]
Mr. JONES. There is no quorum present, and
I intend to have one before you do any business.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was disagreed to—ayes 28, noes 41.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Missouri, [Mr. Hali.,] how many reports
he proposes to hold back under the suggestion he
makes, concerning bills which he intends to put
upon their passage5
Mr. HALL. There are two in my hands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T rise to a question
of order. There is no quorum present; and it is
incompetent to transact any business until we have
a quorum.
/The SPEAKER. No motion, but one to ad-
journ, or for a call of the House, is now in order,
there hems; no quorum present.
Mr. SACKETT. I move a call of the House,
and upon that motion I demand tellers.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
We can then ascertain whether there is a quorum
present to proceed to the transaction of business,
or not. A great many who voted against the ad-
journment on yesterday, went off to Baltimore last
evening and this morning.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move the House ad-
jou rn.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was agreed to—yeas 54, nays38;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Avarelt, Babeock, Bell, Bennett, Bibig-
