1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2383
not do injustice to a man whom popular opinion
was pressing to the ground. I therefore, in ac-
cordance with his request, and that justice may
be done him, move that the Committee on the
Judiciary have leave to report at any time upon
this case.
Mr. VENABLE. As a member of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom this case was re-
ferred, I ask permission to make a single remark.
The memorial, which was presented and re-
ferred to this House early in the present session
of Congress in relation to Judge Watrous, has been
considered by that committee. A number of wit-
nesses from the State of Texas have been ex-
amined, and the mass of evidence is very volu-
minous. The examination has been very recently
closed. The Committee on the Judiciary referred
the papers to me for the purpose of making a re-
port, but I have not had the time or opportunity
to make out such a report as I am willing or the
committee would be willing to present to this
House; nor would it be possible in the few re-
maining days of the session to analyze the testi-
mony, and investigate the subject, if the committee
were to report. While the committee are desir-
ous to do justice to all parties, they are equally
desirous that injustice should be done to none;
and if the House should agree to the motion per-
mitting us to report at any time, I will say to the
parties concerned—and I believe I express the
opinion of the members of the committee with
whom I am associated—that it will not be possi-
ble to make a report upon this subject before the
next session.
The question was taken, and the motion that
the Committee on the Judiciary have leave to re-
port upon this subject, at their option, was agreed
to.
Air. MILLSON. I now call up my privileged
motion.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I desire to make a personal ex-
planation. I will not occupy one minute.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] being upon the floor, the
gentleman from Ohio cannot proceed except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. MILLSON. I mustdecline to yield to any
one- This is the only day upon which I can ac-
complish my object.
Mr. STANTON. I had supposed a member
had the right to make such explanation at any
time.
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent alone
are such explanations allowed. It is generally
accorded, but cannot be regarded as a matter of
privilege.
VIRGINIA MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. MILLSON. The House will recollect that
some time in the month of June, the Committee
on Public Lands reported the bill which I now ask
the House to take up. My friend from Missouri,
[Mr. Hall,] the chairman of the committee,
would then have moved to put it on its passage,
had 1 desired it; but I deemed it best to let it be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, in order that it might be printed, and
examined by such as wished to have an opportu-
nity to do so, intending, however, to keep it within
the control of a majority of the House, by enter-
ing a motion to reconsider this reference.
[Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill; which received the signature of the Speaker,
viz:
A bill for the relief of the Wilmington and Man-
chester Railroad.]
Mr. MILLSON continued: I stated at the time
the motion was made to reconsider the vote by
which this bill was referred, that I intended to call
it up before the adjournment of the present session
of Congress, and 1 should have done so earlier, but
for the privileged questions which have had prece-
dence during the morning hour for some weeks
past.
This bill provides for the satisfaction of those
claims of the soldiers of the "Virginia Continental
and State lines, which have been adjudicated since
the passage of the last act making appropriations
to satisfy them. A small portion, however, of
those pieviously allowed, remains unpaid, and is
also provided for. Since this bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole, the Senate have acted
upon the same subject. The Committee on Public
Lands reported to that body a substitute for the
bill which had been referred to them, and which
was similar to the bill now pending here. The Sen-
ate bill thus reported as a substitute, provides for
the revision, at the Department of the Interior, of
the cases allowed by the Executive of Virginia,
and provides that no claims shall be satisfied which,
upon such reexamination, shall appear to have
been incorrectly adjudicated. I confess, sir, I was
exceedingly reluctant to accept this modification. I
regarded it as in some degree an injurious imputa-
tion upon the authorities of Virginia. In 1782—
a year or two before the cession by Virginia to
the United States of the Northwestern Territory—
her Legislature passed a law establishing a tribunal
for the adjudication of these claims. That tribu-
nal was the Governor,her highest executive officer.
When the cession of this Territory was accepted
by the United States upon the conditions imposed
by Virginia, by which they expressly agreed to
assume the liabilities which she had incurred to her
revolutionary officers and soldiers, they knew that
the Governor of the State was the tribunal ap-
pointed to determine upon those claims, and that
they were to be bound, as Vlrginia would have been,
by his decisions. I deemed it, therefore, an inju-
rious reflection upon the Executive of Virginia,
that their decision should be revised at any of the
Departments in Washington; and so, I believe,
did my colleagues, both m the Senate and in this
House; but, for the sake of a final settlement of
these claims, it was thought best to acquiesce. The
bill, in the form m which it was reported to the
Senate, passed that body unanimously.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to inquire
whether the gentleman from Virginia proposes to
adopt the Senate or the House bill ?
Mr. MILLSON. I propose to amend the House
bill by substituting the Senate bill m its place.
Mr. STANTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, I will make one remark.
Upon a former occasion 1 examined with some
degree of care this subject of Virginia military
land warrants. It will be recollected that in the
early part of the session, my colleague [Mr. Tay-
lor] and myself had a discussion upon the sub-
ject. In that discussion I insisted that a large
amount of fiaudulent warrants had been issued.
But it is claimed, whether that be true or not, that
there are honest, valid warrants still outstanding.
That I do not intend to controvert. The bill of
the Senate, which has been passed, as 1 under-
stand it, requires a reexamination of the proofs
upon which the warrants issued under the author-
ity of the State of Virginia. I myself can see no
objection to it, and I can entertain no reasonable
doubt that the General Government is under the
strongest moral obligation to satisfy valid out-
standing warrants for military services in the war
of the Revolution. I believe, myself, that this
bill ought to pass. It cedes to the Government
lands which lie in Ohio, And will relieve us from
any difficulty thrown about the location.
Mr. MILLSON. I am glad to hear that the
bill is acceptable to my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton.]
Mr. HALL. I believe the proposition now is
upon the motion to reconsider the vote. If the
motion to reconsider shall prevail, then the motion
will be upon recommitting the bill; and I will with-
draw that motion. The Committee on Public
Lands, who had charge of this bill, gave it some
examination; and they believe that it is proper to
make an appropriation of 750,000 acres of land,
to satisfy the outstanding Virginia military land
warrants, without any reexamination of the proofs
upon which they were granted by the Government
of the United States. The Senate, however, have
thought proper to require that, before they are sat-
isfied, proof shall be reexamined by the proper
Department here at Washington. The ground
upon which this appropriation is asked is simply
this: When Virginia ceded to the United States
the Northwest Territory, she stipulated that if the
land on Green river, in Kentucky, known as the
Green River Country, should not be sufficient to
satisfy the claims of the soldiers for their military
services during the revolutionary war, then that
they should be satisfied out of the lands between
the Little Miami and the Scioto rivers.
Mr. IIENN. I wish to ask the gentleman, if
the Senate have not already passed a bill upon this
subject?
Mr. HALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENN. Why not then take that bill up
and pass it?
Mr. HOUSTON. By universal consent, let us
take up that bill and pass it.
Mr. MILLSON. I have examined this Sub-
ject, and this is the shortest way to get at our ob-
ject.
Mr. HALL. If the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Millson] will allow this motion to recon-
sider to lie over a few minutes, I will ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take up the
Senate bill making an appropriation for satisfying
the outstanding Virginia land warrants.
Mr. HENN. I object. I am opposed to allow-
ing one bill to take precedence over any other in
this House.
[Cries, " Question!" " Question !M]
Mr. HENN. On the solicitation of gentlemen,
I withdraw my objection.
Mr. JENKINS. I renew the objection.
Mr. MILLSON. I did not intend to detain
the House ten minutes upon this question, and I
will not now detain them five minutes further. I
only wish to say, that the case, as stated by my
friend from Missouri, [Mr. Hall,] is certainly
very strong, and it might have been stated even
more strongly; for the State of Virginia, in 1792,
by an act of her Legislature, pledged all lier west-
ern lands to satisfy the bounties promised to her
officers and soldiers, thus creating a lien on her
whole northwestern territory. The object of re-
serving that portion of this territory lying between
the Miami and Scioto rivers, and that lying in
Kentucky, was not so much to restrict the sol-
diers to these districts, as to preserve and secure
to them good lands for their exclusive use against
those holding Treasury warrants, who might other-
wise have taken up most of the good lands, while
our soldiers were in the field fighting our battles.
The Government of the United States have
already received more than $,76,000,000 into the
Treasury from the sales of these lands bestowed
by Virginia; and yet, while millions of acres have
been given away by the United States, for va-
rious objects, the claims of the revolutionary
officers and soldiers of Virginia, who hold an
equitable hen upon these very lands, have been
heretofore scrutinized, disparaged, and refused.
It has been seventeen years since any bill was
passed for their relief. The amount required to
satisfy the outstanding claims will not, it is sup-
posed, exceed eight hundred thousand acres, f
earnestly hope that justice to these claimants will
be no longer delayed, and that the House will
agree to my motion and pass the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. If the gentleman will allow
me a few moments, I will make a few remarks
about this bill. The provisions of the bill are of
great interest to my section of Ohio, and to my
district.
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
has reported to Congress, that of the 4,000,000
acres of land, reserved by Virginia at the time of
the cession of the Northwestern Territory to the
United States, there now remains about 85,000
acres of refuse orunsurveyed land, of little value,
being the residue of the land lying between the
Scioto and Little Miami rivers, and being all that
remains, except that which is surveyed, occupied,
and well-improved. The lands so reserved, are
known by the name of the Virginia Military
District, in the State ofOhio; and the 8f>,000 acres
of unsurveyed lands alluded to by the Land Com-
missioner, all lie in my district. They are es-
timated at an average of from twenty to fifty cents
per acre, and being very hilly, are not sought
for except for the timber, though these refuse
lands border upon the Scioto valley, one of the
most fertile and beautiful portions of our country.
TheLandCommissionerfurther reports,that there
are about 80,000 or 100,000 acres of Virginia milita-
ry land warrants on file  t the General Land Office,
besides a considerable amount in private hands.
These were issued for services in the Continental
line. There are besides a considerable amount of
land warrants issued by Virginia for services in
the Revolution,in what was called theState line.
And this bill, which has passed the Senate, proposes
to appropriate about 800,000 acres of the public
land, subject to private entry, to pay in full these
land warrants, issued by the State of Virginia to
those who served in the Continental and State
lines during the revolutionary war. The bill also
