1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1519
han«, John U. Bovd, Brenton, Briggs, Barrows, Busby?
Caldwell, Lewjn 1). Campbell, Curtis, George T. Davis'
Dockery, Evans, Ewmg, Florence, Gamble, Goodenowi
Hall, Harper, Haw , Haven, Hendnck«, Holiaday, Houston)
Andrew Johnson, George W. Jones, Kuhns, Landry, Mace?
Martin, McDonald, Million, Newton, Olds, Samuel W.
Parker, Robie, Ro^s,Ru>sell, Sackett, Schoorimaker, David
L. Seymour, Skeiton, Benjamin Stanton, Sutherland.Tay-
lor, Benjamin Thompson, Walsh, Ward, Addiaon White,
Wildriek, and Williams—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, William Appleton, David J.
Bailey, Barrere, Ca&kie, Chandler, Cleveland, Chngman,
Cobb, Fowler, Gaylord, Giddmgs, Haseall, Htibard, Henn,
Horsford, John W, Howe, Thomas M. Howe. Thomas Y.
How, Jackson, George C. Km?. Meaeharn, Miner, More-
head, Mijrphy, Pcnniman, Peikins, Robbins, Scndder,
Stanly, Abraham P. Stevens, Thaddeus Stevens, Town-
shend, Walbridge, Watkins, Welch, and YVelU—38.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
adjourned until Friday next, at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, Jime 3, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENTprotem. laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States, 1
communicating, in compliance with a resolution :
of the Senate, papers in relation to the claim of!
Samuel A. Belden & Co. against the G-o\eminent '
of Mexico; which was ordered to be laid on the '
table. j
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, commu- 1
nicatmg, in compliance with a resolution of the ;
Senate of the 25ih May calling for the best plan j
for the improvement of the Lake St. Clair Fiats, !
in Michigan, a report from the Chief of the Topo- '
graphical Engineers on that subject; which was ;
ordered to be laid on the table, and printed. [
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in j
relation to the removal of the wreck of the United j
States steamer Missouri from the bay of Gibral- '
tar, stating that §80,000 had been approptiated '
for the purpose by the last Congress, and that the 1
work had been completed in the most satisfactory j
manner for the sum of $59,000, to the entire ap- '
probation of the Knghsh authorities at that port. !
The report also contains certificates from the Uni-
ted States consul at Gibraltar, testifying as to the
facts. The report was ordered to be laid on the
table, and printed. j
PETITIONS, ETC. j
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have in my j
hand a petition from Jonathan Dennis, junior,
representing that he is an agent for inventors here,
and that there is no provision made by which ap-
peals from the Commissioner of Patents may be
tried, in case of the sickness or disability of the
Chief Justice of the District of Columbia. He in-
forms me that the act which has recently been
passed by both Houses of Congress and become i
a law, conferiing the judicial powei exercised by i
the Chief Justice upon some of the other judges in 1
case of his sickness, has been construed by those
judges not to relate to the special jurisdiction of;
the Chief Justice nnder the patent laws, and that 1
there is now literally no tribunal for that purpose. '
1 move that the petition be referred to the Com- j
mittee on the Judiciary. j
The motion was agreed to. j
Mr. HALE. I have also received a petition, i
numerously signed, from citizens of Chemung '
county, in the Slate of New York, who repiessent ,
to Congress that they are opposed to the fugitive I
slave law, and wivh that it may be repealed. They i
state that they regard it as inhuman, tyrannical, -I
cruel, a disgrace to the age, and offensive in the]
sight of God. They further say that they will j
never cease their constitutional opposition to it i
until it is annihilated. I suppose, sir, that it is j
not unbecoming the dignity of the Senate to take i
notice of manifestations of public opinion which i
we see elsewhere, and as a distinguished body |
has lately laid on the table a proposition to adopt |
and reaffirm the principles of that bill, I hope the I
Senate will confirm that, and refer this petition to j
the Committee on the Judiciary. j
Mr. MANGUM. I move to lay the memorial ;
on the table. i
The motion was agreed to. I
Mr. DAWSON presented a petition of the :
Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Savannah, j
Georgia, praying that the site of the old Ogle- ;
thorpe barracks may be granted to the city as a j
parade ground for the volunteer corps; which was |
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. J
Mr, DAVIS. Mr. President, I ask leave to
present a petition of some fourteen presidents of
agricultural societies of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, many of them gentlemen distin-
guished for their knowledge m the science of ag-
riculture. They represent that they believe that
the public interests would be greatly promoted by
the establishment of a Bureau of Agriculture, and
by the establishment of other institutions, where
it, as a science, might be studied. I movethat the
petition be referred to the Committee on Agricul-
ture.
It was so referred.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
of the citizens of the city and county of St. Louis,
praying that a certain tract of land appropriated
by the treaty with the Sauk and Fox Indians, of
August 4, 1824, for the use of the half-breeds of
those tribes, may be disposed of by the United
States agreeably to the original intentions of that
treaty; which was referred to the Committee on
j the Judiciary. •
: The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented two
j petitions of citizens of South Wheeling, Virginia,
, praying that the bill now pending before Congress,
; commonly known as the " homestead bill," may
i become a law; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing that the bill now pending before Congress,
commonly known as the "homestead bill," may
become a law; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented twenty-four petitions
of citizens of New Yoik, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as
the homestead bill," may become a law; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE piesented nine petitions of citizens
of Ohio, praying that the bill now pending before
Congress, commonly known as the 44 homestead
bill," may become a law; which were referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE presented seventeen petitions of
citizens of Ohio, praying that the bill now pend-
ing before Congress, commonly known as the
"homestead bill," may become a law; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CASS presented three petitions of citizens
of Michigan, praying that the hill now pending
before Congress, commonly known as the " home-
stead bill," may become a law;-which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER presented seven petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, commonly known
as the " homestead lull,'"' may become a law;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. UPHAM presented a petition of citizens
of Vermont, praying that the hill now pending
before Congress, commonly known as the "home-
stead bill," may become a law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
"Mr. COOPER presented the memorial of Ste-
phen Cohvell, administrator of Joseph Ball, de-
ceased, praying for special powers of sale and set-
tlement in behalf of the heirs of Joseph Bail,
within the District of Columbia; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. FISH. I present a petition from mer-
chants in New York, asking for the establishment
of a mint in that city. Appended to it is a state-
ment showing the amount of gold imported from
California to New York since gold was first dis-
covered in the former [dace. It is an interesting
document, and [ ask that it may be printed, and
that the memorial may lie on the table, as a bill
has been reported on the subject.
The memorial was laid on the table; and the j
motion to print went to the Committee on Printing, j
Mr. FISH also presented two petitions of cm- >
zens of New York, praying that the public lands 1
may be granted, in limited quantities, to actual
settlers not possessed of otheu lands; winch were
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FKOM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of Thomas Flannagati, reported it without
amendment. He also submitted aieport on the
subject, which was ordered to b# printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill ap-
propriating land scrip in full and final satisfaction
of Virginia military bounty land warrants, re-
ported it with an amendment. He also submitted
a report on the bill; which, together with the
amendment, was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from "the House of Repre-
sentatives further to extend the time for locating
Virginia military land warrants and returning sur-
veys to the General Land Office, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
; the Mayor and City Council of the city of Savan-
nah, submitted a report, accompanied by a joint
resolution, for surrendering the site of the old
Oglethorpe Barracks to the city of Savannah.
The resolution was read a first time and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. DAWSON. I ask for the immediate pas-
sage of this resolution. I will state that the old
Oglethorpe Barracks, adjoining the city of Savan-
nah, contain a few acres of land, and were aban-
doned in consequence of the great sickness of that
place. The barracks were removed within the
city. The city of Savannah gave the Government
nine thousand feet square in the center of the city,
and it now asks, that after an abandonment of
: twenty-five years, these lands, lying waste, may
' be conveyed to the city.
The joint resolution was read the second time
by its title, and considered as m Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being oflfeied, it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
FUGITIVE SI.AVE LAW.
Mr. CHASE submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be directed
to communicate to The Senate a statement, allowing in de-
tail the expenses incurred and the claims made under the
act to amend, and supplementary to the act respecting fugi-
tives trom m^tice, and persons escaping from the service
of then ma-tei*, distinguishing the expenses incurred and
claimed by reason of prosecutions for treason, alleged to
have been committed in resistance ot said act, fiom expenses
incurred and claimed by reason of othei prosecutions for
offerees against «aid act, and for proceedings betore and
under oidejs made by commissioners.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill authorizing the Secretary of
War to grant to the Pittsbuig, Kittanning, and
Warren Railroad Company, the right of way over
the grounds of the United States at the Alleghany
Arsenal, was read a third time, and passed.
EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
Mr. BRODHEAD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
payment of the workmen upon the wings of the
, Capitol, during the suspension of the work.
j PENNSYLVANIA AND OHIO RAILROAD,
i On the motion of Mr. WADE, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole,
the bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to convey the right of way to the Cleveland and
Pittsburg, and to the Cleveland, PainesviDe, and
Ashtabula Railroad Companies, through ceitain
lands therein mentioned; and the reported amend-
ments being amended, the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. The bill gi\es to
these companies the right of way over the hos-
pital grounds belonging to the United States in
the city of Cleveland, in the State of Ohio.
LETTER OF IV1R. IIULSEMANN.
The Senate proceeded to consider the following
resolution, submitted by Mr. Seward on the 14th
May, and it was agreed to:
Recob-ed, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to t'ie Senate, il con^iMent with
the public miert-H, a copy of a communication made by
Mr. iJulnemami, now oi late (Jhar<rO d'Aftaires of the Eir-
peior of Austria, on or about the *29th ot Apnl, 1852, to the
Secrctaiv ot State of th" United States, on the occasion of
the withdrawal of Mi HuUemami fiont hi* place as such
chaige; and al*o a copy of the teph thereto made by the
Sucietary of Stare ; and" aKo copies of all othei correspond-
ence touching the matters w inch arc the subjects ol the said
communication of Mr. IJuNemann.
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
Onmotion of Mr. COOPER, theSenate resumed
the consideration of the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill granting the right of
way to the State efMissouri, and a portion of the
