608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20.
. • Then, I contend that this bill ought to pass as
*a measure of even-handed justice to the'officers of
tlie army. They should be placed upon the same
footing, when wounded and disabled, as the offi-
cers of the navy are. No reason, it strikes me,,
can be assigned" why it should not be so.
I have now given a brief explanation of this
bill, and have assigned the reasons why I think it
ought to pass. X hope it will meet the universal
approbation of the Senate.
Mr. CLARKE. I have listened with attention,
and I confess with gratification, to the remarks
made by the honorable Senator from. New Hamp-
shire. "I cheerfully add my testimony to the eulo-
gium which he has passed upon the bravery of the
distinguished officer, General McNeill, to whom
he has alluded, and whose services have been
made the subject of debate, and form the grounds
of the bill which is now before the Senate. There
is no doubt that General McNeill entered the ser-
vice in 1812, for the war with Great Britain. There
is no doubt that he was a gallant and meritorious
officer-, that he was upon the frontier ill the hour
perhaps of the greatest trial that our troops had
upon the frontier and in the war, and that he was
there wounded.. I had the pleasure of meeting
him in 1826, and from his own mouth, and from
the personal acquaintance 1 had with him, I drew
all the information I possess in regard to lum, ex-
cept that which was before the public at large
evincing his character as a gallant and meritorious i
officer. At the battle of Bridgewater, he received j
a severe wound. It was in his knee. He lost no ,
leg. How long he was kept from his duty by !
that wound, 1 am unable to say. When 1 met j
him in 1826, the disability occasioned by it was
of the slightest description. Yery few men had
the personal energy and activity of General Mc-
Neill; and when f saw him, except that the joint
was stiff, I believe there was no inconvenience ex-
perienced from his wound. At the time he re- ,
ceived it, he was a major in the seiv.ice. lie was
afterwards promoted to a'heutenant colonelcy, ;
then to a colonelcy, and subsequently, as I under-
stand the Senator, he received the grade of brig- j
adier general.
When I saw him in 1826. at Detroit, the resi-
dence of my friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
he was on his way to Green liay, under some
charges that had been preferred against lum as
commanding officer at Green Bay, to take his trial
before a court-martial. He was then in perfect j
health, and with as much of the vigor of man-1
hood as any gentleman I have seen in my life, j
He remained m the service, receiving his pay and j
emoluments, until, I believe, 1830, or 1831- I
think it was 1830. He received pay as a major, i
then as lieutenant colonel, then as colonel, and if j
he was breveted brigadier general, he probably I
received pay, if in a separate command, according
to his brevet. In 1830—or it may have been 1829, ;
my memory is not retentive enonjjh to be confi-
dent of the cxact date—he resigned his cominis- 1
sion in the Army, because he had received the an- 1
poinlrneiit of surveyor in the port of Boston. ! '
believe he did not resign his commission in the
Array from inability to perform its duties; but be-
cause the appointment which he received was more
lucrative and more to his taste than the position
he held in the Army. The surveyorship of the
port of Boston netted him, 1 suppose, §6,000 a
year. He retained that office during almost the
whole of the balance of his hie. In 1841), when
another Administration came in, he may have bf en
superseded; but he was again reinstated, and re-
mained there during the rest of his life. Has the
country been ungrateful to Genera! .McNeill? T
admit all his services. I admit he v.T'Z a brave and
gallant officer. But he received all his t.,ay during
the whole time of his service in the Army. He
resigned his commission in the Army because he
received a more lucrative appointment in the civil
service of the Government; and he received the
emoluments arising from the performance of his
duties in the lattev capacity during almost the
whole balance uf his life.
The honorable Senator from New Hampshire-
puts the claim of General McNeill u-->o<i the
ground that there was a contract proposed by the '
Government, and binding upon it, iu 3812, when
he enlisted m the Army of the United Sta-es. If ,
that be so, it is a claim of General McNeill him- '
self against the Government, for sach a pension ;
as he should have been allowed from the time he
received hfe wound in the service of the country
until the time of bis death; but it forms no ground
whatever for dating and carrying back the pension
to his widow from the time of his decease to the
time he received his wound. I understand, also,
that he did receive some portion of his pension
from the Government of the United States. The
only question, then, is, whether it should have
been a larger allowance from the Government than
it was, or whether the allowance made by the
Government was right ?
Mr. NORRIS. Do I understand the Senator to
say that General McNeill received any pension?
Mr. CLARKE. I understood the Senator
from New Hampshire to say that he had received
some allowance.
Mr. NORRIS. Then the Senator misunder-
stood me altogether. He received no pension.
Mr. CLARKE. If he did not, he Received his
full pay and emoluments during that time. I am
for providing for the widows and children of those
who suffer m the service of their country, [f this
bill provided that the^widow of General McNeill
should receive a pension from his death, in con-
sideration of his services, 1 should have made no
objection to it; but when it provides that thirty
dollars a month shall be allowed from 1813 to the
present time, 1 think it is extraordinary 
Mr. BORLAND. I would state to the Senator
from Rhode Island, that the bill provides for the
payment of the sum of thirty dollars per month,
not from 183.3 to the present time, but from 1813,
when General McNeill received his wound, to 1830,
whei^ie went out of the service.
Mr. CLARKE. Then I misunderstood the
provisions of the bill. If it provides as the Sena-
tor from Arkansas has stated, it is simply to give
to his widow what would have been due him from
]8!3 to 1830 under the construction of the law
which the Senator from New Hampshire has giv-
en. Am I right in that? Is there nothing more ?
Mr. BORLAND. There is nothing more in
the bill.
Mr. CLARKE. Then the question cornes
down to die rightful construction of the act of
3812: whether he was entitled to a pension, in
consequence of his wound, from the time he re-
ceived it up to the time he resigned his commission
in the Army- Is that all ?
Mr. BORLAND. That is all.
Mr. CLARKE. Then 1 have nothing more to
say. I am perfectly satisfied that this provision
should be made. 1 was in error about the bill.
My impression was that it was a provision for the
continuance of a pension, dating as far back as
from 1813, to this time. If it is only for an allow-
ance which should have been made to General
McNeill from 1813 to 1830,1 have no objection
to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment wasc:ncurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
ENGROSSED BiLLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were read a third
time and passed:
An act extending like privileges to those eon-
1 ferrc-d by the act entitled " An act allowing draw-
i back on foreign merchandise exported in the ori-
! gmal packages to Chihuahua and Santa F€, in
I Mexico, and to the British and North American
I Provinces adjoining the United States," approved
j March. 3, 1845, to foreign merchandise exported
i to Mexico by certain indicated routes.
! An act for the-relief of the Raleigh and Gaston
Railroad Company.
And then the Senate adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
, Friday, February 20, 1852.
! The Hou?e met pursuantto adjournment. Prayer
by the Rev. L. F, Morgan.
. The Journal ofyesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
! House is the consideration of the bill for the relief
1 of the heirs of John Jackson, which was reported
| from the Committee of the Whole on last I riday,
: with a recommendation that it do pass. The
: question now pending is, Shall it be engrossed
[ and read a third time ?
I DEFICIENCY BILL,
i' Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means -
a bill to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for the service of the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1852; which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
beprinted.
Mr. DOTY. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. OLDS. Is shall feel myself called on to ob-
ject to every resolution which is attempted to be
"introduced in this manner.
On motion by Mr. DUNHAM, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of John Chambers,
Sen., for the purpose of refeiring them to the Senate.
On motion by Mr. BEALE, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of George W. Jack-
son be withdrawn from the files of the House, and be re-
ferred to ttie Committee of Claims.
On motion by Mr. AVERETT, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, Tiiat leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers m the case of the heirs of
Lieutenant James Conway, tor the purpose of filing them
with his application before the Virginia Legislature.
On motion by Mr. BR1GGS, by unanimous
consent, it was •
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers in the case of James Living
ston, for the purpose of laying them before the proper Depart-
ment-
Oil motion by Mr. CHANDLER, by unan-
imous consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to witlidiaw from the
files of the House the papers m the case of ,-su^an Randall,
for the purpose of reference in the Senate.
On 'motion by Air. FLORENCE, by unan-
imous consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
tiles of the House the papers in the case of Thomas Flana-
gan, for the purpose of reference in the Senate.
On motion by Mr. MOLONY, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers m the case of Russell Bates,
for the purpose of reference to one of the Executive De-
partments. .
On motion by Mr. MOLONY, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the papers m the case of Arthur McMullia
be withdrawn from the files of the House and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move now that the roles
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. DANIEL. I will suggest to the gentleman
that it will take but little time to dispose of the
bills now on the Speaker's table, which were re-
ported to the House on Friday last. 1 hope they
will be passed.
Mr. EDGERTON. Then I will withdraw my
motion for the present.
JOHN JACKSON.
The SPEAKER. The question now pending
is on the engrossment of House bill No. 95, for
the relief of the heirs of John Jackson.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossad,it
was read the third time and passed.
Mr. FOWLER moved to reconsider the vote
just taken by which the bill passed,and to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; wluch latter
motion v/as agreed to.
GUSTAY'US A. DE RUSSEY.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order-
is House bill No. 96, being a bill for the relief of
Gnstavus A. De Russey, late an acting purser in
the Navy. Upon this bill the Committee of the
Whole nave made an amendment to reduce the
compensation as acting purser from §514 to $362-
Tlie question now is on concurring with the amend-
ment of the Committee of the W hole.
The question was taken, and the House con-
curred m the amendment.
The bill ss amended was then ordered to bs en-
grossed and read a third time, and having been
engrossed, it was read the third time and passed.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce a resolu-
tion.
Mr. OLDS. I am compelled to object.
