2084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27.
contains a provision that "Virginia shall release to
the United States all claim to the lands remaining
unsurveyed in that district.
Now, sir, I think this bill ought to pass. It has
passed the Senate at the present session; and I
belike the Senators from Ohio, as well as those
from Virginia, concur in a favorable opinion as
to this bill. I again say that I think this bill
ought to pass without further delay, that justice
may be done to the holders of those warrants,
and that Virginia may release all further claim to
lands within the State of Ohio. I therefore move
the previous question.
The previous question then received a second.
Mr. JENKINS. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question to be put.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question then recurring upon the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it was put, and agreed to.
So the motion to reconsider prevailed.
Mr. EDGERTON. I wish to propose an
amendment to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. No proposition to amend
is in order until the motion to commit is disposed
of—that being the question now before the House.
Mr. HALL. I withdraw the motion to com-
mit.
Mr. EDGERTON. I propose the amendment
which I send to the desk.
Mr. HALL, t am entitled to the floor. I am
willing to yield to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Edgerton] to offer his amendment, I still holding
the floor.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Add at the end of the bill the following :
" That in setthmi the claim1- of" the Slate of Ohio, under
the acts nfMarch 2, 1827, and May 24, 1828, "ranting land1?
to said State for canal put poses the same principles shall
be acted upon a* have been applied under the piovisions of
the act of May 9, 1818, entitled 'An act m addition to the
act therein mentioned for the settlement of the claims of
the Slate of Indiana, acciuing undei the saul act of Mnreh
2,1827.'  
Mr. HALL. I wish to make this suggestion
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton:]
I design to offer a substitute, which I hold in my
hand, for this bill, and I presume it will be adopted.
I suggest that he shall propose his amendment as
an amendment to the substitute I intend to offer.
Mr. EDGERTON. My object in ottering that
amendment was to have it attached to this bill, in
whatever form it should pass, and I can explain
it to the Hon *e in five minutes.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] to modify his
amendment by adopting that proposed by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Edgerton.]
Mr. HALL. 1 am willing to accept the amend-
ment of the gentleman. -
The SPEAKER. Then theproposhionis made,
by way of amendment, by -the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Hall.]
Mr. EDGERTON. Mr. Speaker, I will take
up as little of the time of the House as possible in
explaining the necessit y of agreeing to ihe amend-
ment I have offered.
By the act of 2d March, 18:27, a quantity of
land was granted to the State of Indiana for the
purpose of aiding that State in opening a canal to
unite the navigable waters of the Wabash river
with those of Lake Erie, a portion of which lands
so granted were in the State of Ohio, and were
afterwards, by virtue of an act of Congress passed
May 24, 18*28, granted by the State of Indiana to
the State of Ohio, to be held by that State on the
same conditions upon which they were granted to
the State of Indiana. There was, also, by the said
act of May 24, 1828, granted to the State of Ohio,
for the purpose of aiding said State in extending
the Miami canal from Dayton to Lake Erie, by
the Maumee route, a quantity of land equal to one
half of five sections in width on each side of the
canal, from Dayton to the Maumee river, at the
mouth of the Auglaize; and also 500,000 acres of
land within the State for the purpose of aiding the
State in the payment of the debt or the interest
thereon, which had been or which might be con-
tracted by the State m the construction of canals
within the same, undertaken by the authority of
the laws of the State then in force, or which might
thereafter be enacted.
In the grant to Indiana, the lands were to be
selected by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, under the direction of the President
of the United States. After the selections were
made the State had power to sell and to give a
title in fee-simple, and Congress guarantied that
the title to the purchasers under the State should
be valid. These provisions were, of course, ex-
tended to Ohio under the grant from Indiana.
The act of May 24,1828, contained similar pro-
visions as regards selections and sales, and it re-
quired that the Miami canal should be commenced
within five and completed within twenty years,
and that the canals commenced and to be benefited
by the 500,000 acre grant should be completed in
seven years from the approval of the act, other-
wise the State should stand bound to pay to the
United States the amount which any lands sold
by her within that time had brought; but the va-
lidity of the titles derived from the State was not
to be affected by the failure of the State to comply
with the provisions of the act, thus clearly show-
ing it to have been the intention of Congress that
the purchaser of the lands from the State should
have a good title in fee-simple which was not to I
be disturbed by any errors or failures on the part J
of the State. By the act of the 2d April, 1830, j
that part of the act of May 24, 1828, which re- |
quired the completion of the Miami canal within !
twenty years, or that the State should be bound
to pay to the United States the amount of any
lands previously sold , was repealed, and the State
was authorized to build a railroad instead of a ca-
nal; and it was also provided by that act that if
the canal should pass over any lands previously
sold by the United States, the State should locate :
other lands in lieu of those sold; but the locations j
should not exceed the number of acres necessary :
i to complete an aggregate quantity of land equal to :
' one half of five sections in width on each side of
the canal.
Under these several grants selections of lands
were made by the United States and State author- i
ities; and the State went on and sold such as had
been selected and supposed would be confirmed
to her and completed her canals.
It has been for several years a matter in dispute
between the General Government and the State
authorities, whether the State had obtained all the
lands to which she was entitled by a fair construc-
tion of the grants, and whether some of the selec-
tions had not been informal or illegal, and whether
the State had not selected more under some of the
grants and less under others than she was entitled
to. It is not at all surprising that errors should
have been committed and conflicts of title arisen
in selectingso large an amount of lands, frequently
in less quantities than a section; and often to make
up the quantity to which the State was entitled,
selections had to be made outside the five miles.
Nearly all of the entire grants having been sold
by the State, and in the occupancy of and highly
improved by actual settlers, her authorities were
anxious for a final settlement and confirmation of
the title to all she had selected and sold, or still re-
tained. Several ineffectual attempts have been
made to procure a settlement, but none has as yet
been fully effected. Within the past two years an
<i agent was appointed by the State to make this set-
jj tlement and final adjustment, and the title to all the
i! fonds selected by the State, under all the grants,
|j whs confirmed except to about sixty thousand
j| acres, which could not be confirmed without fur-
!| ther action on the part of Congress. Toprotectthe
!i rights of the purchasers from the State and actual
settlers upon the lands, the Secretary of the Inte-
rior has directed the sixty thousand acres uncon-
firmed to the State to be withheld from sale until
after the adjournment of this session of Congress.
I The absolute necessity, therefore, of some action of
i Congress, either granting the lands directly or en-
! abling the Sect etary of the Interior to confirm these
j selections made under former grants, is perfectly
i apparent.
j In the expectation that the entire quantity of
i unsold United States lands in the State would be
| granted to her during this session of Congress,
| I have delayed pressing this matter upon the
j House until it is now certain that some action
i must be had to quiet the title of the purchasers
| and occupants. I should, of course, much prefer
1 the grant of all the lands of the United States
j within the limits of the State, and a bill for that
> purpose did pass the Senate at this session, but
j was defeated in the House. At this late day of
the session, I could have no hope of securing my
object by reviving that proposition, and must,
therefore, rely entirely upon this amendment. I am
advised that the Secretary of the interior is of the
opinion, that this amendment will cover the case,
and enable him to confirm the title of these lands
to the State. It is simply applying to the grants
to Ohio the provisions of the act of May 9, 1848,
for the settlement of the claims of the State of In-
diana, accruing under the act of March 2, 1827,
and I hope no member of the House will object or
vote against it.
Mr. HALL. I call for the previous question.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. After the Chair haa heard
the amendment, as modified, read, he will be able
to determine the point of order.
The Clerk then read the substitute of Mr. Hall
for the bill, as follows:
That all unsatisfied outstanding military land warrants,
or parts of warrants, issued or allowed prior to the 1st day
of March, 1852, by the proper authorities of the Common-
wealth of Virginia, for military services perfoimed by the
officers and soldiers, seamen or marines of the Virginia
State or Continental lines in the Army or Navy of the Rev-
olution, may be surrendered to the Secretary of the Interior,
who, upon being satisfied, by a revision of the proofs, or by
additional testimony, that any warrant thus surrendered
was fairly and justly issued, in pursuance of the laws of
said Commonwealth, formiluary services so rendered, shall
issue land scrip m favor of the present proprietors of any
warrant thus suirendered, for the whole or any portion
thereof yet unsatisfied, at the rate of $1 25 for each acre
mentioned in the warrant thus surrendered, and which re-
mains unsatisfied, which scrip shall be receivable in pay-
ment for any lands owned by the United States subject to
sale at private entry; and said scrip shall, moreover, bo
assignable by indorsement, attested by two witnesses. In
issuing such scrip the said Secretary is authouzed, where
there are more persons than one interested in the same war-
rant, to issue to each person scrip for his or her portion of
the warrant; and where infants or feme-coverts may be en-
titled to any scrip, the guardian of the infant and the hus-
band of th6 feme covert may receive, and sell, or locate the
same: Provided, That no less thanalesral subdivision shall
be entered and paid for by the scrip issued in virtue of this
act.
Sfc. 2. And he it further enacted. That this act shall
be taken as a full and final adjustment of all bounty land
claims to the officers and soldiers, seamen and marines, of
the State of Virginia, for services in the war of the Revolu-
tion: Provided, That the State of Virginia shall, by a proper
act of the Legislature thereof, relinquish all claim to the
lands in the Virginia military land district in the State of
Ohio.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in settling the
claims of the State of Ohio under the acts of March 2d,
1827, and May 24th, 1828, granting lands to said State for
canal purposes, the same principles shall be acted upon as
have been applied under the provisions of the act of May
9th, 1848, entitled "An act in addition to an act therein men-
tioned, for the settlement of the claims of the State of Indi-
ana, accruing under the said act of March 2d, 1827.
Mr. HENN. I now press my point of order
upon the substitute, and ask that the 55th rule
be read.
The rule was accordingly read, as follows:
" 55. No motionor proposition ona subjectdifferentfrom
that under consideration shall be admitted under color of
amendment. No bill or resolution shall, at any time, be
amended by annexing thereto, or incorpoiatinor therewith3
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
I would now ask the Speaker whether this sub-
stitute is not the same as a Senate bill pending
before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order, upon the ground that the sub-
stitute materially differs from the bill passed by
the Senate. One entire section has been added,
and it is therefore not the Senate bill. The Chair
is clear in his decision.
Mr. HENN. Is not the Senate bill now pend-
ing before the House?
The SPEAKER. There is a Senate bill pend-
ing upon the same subject, many provisions of
which are embraced in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Missouri.
The call for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question was ordered to
be put.
The question was then taken, and the substi-
tute was adopted.
The question then recurred upon ordering the
bill as amended to he engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Is it in order for me
to move that the bill be laid upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I then submit that
motion, and demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were refused.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to lay the bill upon the table.
