2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] will not insist
upon his motion. Let the bill be read through.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to lose the
floor.
Mr. MOLONY. This is private bill day, and
objection day. But little time, as is well known
to the House, has been given to that class of busi-
ness thissession. We can go to the Private Calen-
dar, dispose of that business to which there may
be no objection, and in a half hour we can return
to the House again. I therefore move that wego
into a Committee of the Whole House upon the
Private Calendar. j
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The table is \
full of private bills which ought to be passed. •
Mr. MOLONY. I submit my motion. ;
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Has the 1
morning hour expired? I hope the gentleman!
from Illinois [Mr. Molony] will withdraw his ;
motion that this bill may be passed. I move to i
recommit this bill 
Mr. STUART. I rise to a question of order. «
Mr. MOLONY. I withdraw my motion for j
the present. 1
Mr. SEYMOUR. There is no objection to the '
bill. I hope gentlemen will let the bill pass.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] rises to a question of order.
Mr. STUART. I understand that both the
motions of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Mo- !
lony] and the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. j
Houston] are withdrawn, and if they are, I am !
not disposed to make the question of order. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw my motion. j
The bill was then read by the Clerk. j
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 wish to say, in regard to j
this bill, that its object is to put the trade passing j
through Texas into Mexico upon precisely the !
same footing as that which passes into the British j
Provinces, allowing goods to be taken in there j
under bond upon the same restrictions. I ask the
previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. j
The bill was then read the third time, and j
passed. ;
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentlemen who were j
contesting the last amendment in the Indian bill
yesterday evening have agreed upon a substitute.
It will not take five minutes to consider it in com-
mittee. I move, therefore, that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. MOLONY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into a
Committee of the Whole House upon the Private
Calendar.
The SPEAKER. It being private bill day, a
motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
House will be first put.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no disagreement to
the amendments remaining on the Indian bill.
Mr, EDQERTON. This is private bill day,
and I have a private bill of great importance to the
person interested at least, and as an net of justice
on the part of the Government it should be passed.
The gentleman who made objection to Us coming
up withdraws it, and there will be no objection, I
hope, on the pnrt of the House to this case.
The SPEAKER. Do the gentlemen from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] and Illinois [Mr. Molony]
withdraw their motions?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will not withdraw my
motion.
Mr. STANLY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The report of the Printing Committee was
up sometime ago, and was postponed until some
day this week. I wish to give notice that I intend
to oifer some amendments, and I am ready to pro-
ceed with that bill whenever the House will deter-
mine to do so.
The SPEAKER. In the absence of the motion
to go into a Committee of the Whole House, or
the motion to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, that would be the first
business in order in the House, but it is compe-
tent for the House at any time to leave other busi-
ness and go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. STANIA . f only wish to say, that I am
ready to proceed with this business whenever the
House are disposed to do so, and I wish only to
offer some amendments.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Molo-
ny 's motion, and it was decided m the negative.
So the House refused to go into a Committee of
the Whole House upon the Private Calendar.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hous-
ton's motion, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. King, of New York, in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. ORR. I have prepared an amendment as
a substitute for the amendment which the com-
mittee were considering last evening, when it rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. ORRy]
that an amendment was pending when the com-
mittee rose, which had been spoken to upon both
Mr. ORR. The amendment may be considered
I as withdrawn, if there is no objection.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hears jio ob-
jection.
Mr. ORR. I offer the following amendment:
Sec. 3. JJnA be it further enacted, That no part of the
appropriations herein made, or that may hereafter be made,
for Mio benefit of any Indian, or tribe, or pari of a tribe of In-
dians, shall be paid to any attorney or agent of such Indian,
or tribe, oi part of a tribe; but shall in every case be paid
directly to the Indian or Indians themselves, to whom it
frhall be due, or to the tribe, or part of a tribe per capita ;
unless the imperious interests ot the Indian or Indians, oi
some treaty Astipulation, vhall require payment to be made
otheiwine under the direction of the President; nor shall
the executive branch of the Government, now or heieatter
recognize any contract between any Indian, or tribj^ or
part of a tribe, and any attorney or agent for the pioseemiun
of any claim against the Government, under tlusj act.
Mr. ORR. I offer this amendment, sir, as a
substitute for the second section. I believe that it
meets the conflicting views and opinions of all
those who were debating this question yesterday
evening. It is the substance of a proposition that
was introduced by my colleague, [Mr. Wood-
ward,] and passed the House as an amendment
to the deficiency bill. Upon an examination of
the deficiency bill, there are very strong reasons
to believe that the clause will be construed to apply
to no appropriations, except those contained within
the deficiency bill. The amendment which I offer,
by way of a substitute, makes it apply to the
appropriations contained within the present bill,
and all future appropriations, and carries out the
sense of the House to make it a permanent law.
1 will add that the amendment meets the appro-
bation of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs and the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, and I hope it will be adopted.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I want to ask
whether the provision in that amendment, which
says that unless the interests of the Indian may
demand that it shall be paid otherwise, would not
place it withjn the discretion of the President to
supersede and obviate all the other provisions, if,
in his judgment, the interests of the Indians re-
quired it ?
Mr. ORR. There is a provision to that effect
giving the President a discretion, and throwing
the responsibility upon him if that discretion is
not judiciously exercised. That was the only way
by which the difficulty suggested yesterday even-
ing by the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Ailnirs and the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
.Fitch] could be obviated. By adopting this amend-
ment all objections are obviated, and the Indian
has protection.
Mr, CAMPBELL. In any event, can the
money be paid to agents ?
Mr. ORR. It cannot be paid to them in any
event.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. This amend-
ment has been considered generally by the gentle-
men who engaged in discussion yesterday, and
there is no objection to it. It is a repetition, but
better guarded, to carry out the objects then in
view, supposed to be effected by the amendment
adopted to the deficiency bill.
Mr. MOLONY. I desire to ask one question.
I desire to know whether, in any event, this money
could be paid to agents, and at the discretion of
the President?
Mr. JOHNSON. In no event can it be paid to
anybody but to the Indians themselves, and in no
event can any officer of this Government recog-
nize or enforce a contract with an Indian, but it
leaves it for the Indian to do it for himself as he
chooses.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Orr as a substitute for the amend-
ment of the Senate, and it was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment^of the Senate as amended; and being
put was decided in the affirmative*.
So the amendment as amended was agreed' to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. A considerable saving of
time will be effected if the committee would take
a test vote upon taking up the fortification hill,
and if they decline doing so, I will agree not to
ask them to take it up any more. 1 do not want
to annoy the House.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order. I
understand, Mr. Chairman, that the debate upon
the Indian appropriation bill was closed by order
; of the House. Nowythecomrmittee have no right
! under that resolution to take up any other bill be-
i fore this bill is reported to the House.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is disposed to*
I sustain that point of order, unless the motion of
I the gentleman from Alabama can be maintained
t by unanimous consent.
j Mr. HALL. I object to it,
! Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
i rise, and report the amendments to the House."
' The motion was agreed to.
The committeeaccordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the mate of the Union had had under
consideration House bill No. 42, and sundry
amendments from the Senate made thereto, some
of which they had agreed to, and others they had
not agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move the
previous question upon the amendments to the In-
dian appropriation bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JOHNSON. I propose now, for the pur-
pose of facilitating business, that the amendments
be agreed to, excepting in the instances where
a separate vote is called for.
Tne SPEAKER. If there be no objection, that
course will be pursued.
There being no objection, the amendments were
then read over, and separate votes were called for
upon the following amendments, viz:
On the second clause of the first amendment by
Mr. McMullin; on the fourth amendment by Mr-
Fitch; and on the eighth amendment by Mr.
Houston.
Mr. McMULLlN. I intend to call for a sepa-
rate vote upon the appropriation made for payment
of the claim of David Taylor, and I ask now for
a separate vote upon that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If we can go
back at all, we can go back indefinitely, and there-
<! fore I object.
|j The SPEAKER. It cannot be done except by
II unanimous consent, the House having by unani-
mous consent agreed that the amendments shall
be read over, and separate votes asked for as the
amendments were reported.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I object.^
The question was then put upon agreeing to all
those amendments upon which a separate vote
had been asked for, and they were concurred in.
The question now being upon agreeing to the
second clause of the first amendment of the Sen-
ate, viz:
" For supplying a deficiency in the appropriation here-
tofore made for removing the Choctaw Indians from Mis-
sissippi, as e«fimated by the Commissioner of Indian
i Affairs, $37,412."
j Mr. McMULLlN dema-aded the yeas and
| nays.
! The yeas and nays were ordered.
,! The question was then taken upon agreeing to
• \ the amendment, and it was decided in the affirm-
i ative—yeas 92, nays G9; as follows:
' YJ2AS—Messrs. William Appleton, Thomas Tf. Ravly,
Barrere, Bi«se!l, Bocoek, Bowie, John II. Boyd, Breck-
ij inrulge, Briars, Burrows, Busby, Caldwell, Cartter,
j. Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Chnjjman, Colcoek, Conger,
:j Dean, Dnnmick, Doekery, Doty, Duncan, Diukee, East-
|! man, Edgerron,Ednuindson, Faulkner, Florence, Freeman,
!j Henry ftl. Fuller, Gtlmoie, Goodftiovv, Goodrich, Gujen,
!' Grey, Hnrppr, Hawe*, Hebard, Henri, Howard, Inser<?oll,
j! Geo. G.King.Ruling.Kurtz,Landry,Letcher,Mann,Mar-
! tin,McNair, Meade,HenryD. Moore, Murray,Olds,Andrew
1/ Parker, Samoel W. Parker, Penn, Phelps?,' Polk, Price,
