1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2387
Reed, Richardson, Riddle, Robie, Sackett, Savage, Scher-
merhorn, Schoolcraft, Scudder, Scurry, David L. Seymour,
Oiigen S Sevmour, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, n
Kiehard II. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens-, Stone, Suthei- .
land, Sweetser, Taylor, Thompson, Thurston, Townshend, : i
Venablc, Walsh. Wa-hbtirn, Welch, Wells, Addison
White, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Woodwatd—92. il
NAYS—Messrs. Charier Allen, Willis Allen, Allison, j'
Averett, Babeoek, Bibighaus, Brasrp, Brenton, Buell.Joseph .,
Cable, Thompson Campbell, Chastain, Cobb, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Dis-ney, Dunham, Fitch, Floyd, Fowler,
■Gamble, Gavlord, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hascall, Haven, j|
Hendricks, Hibbard, jHolladay. Horsford. Houston, John
W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, ives, Jackson, Jenkins, An-
drew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Lock- i'
hart, Mace, Mason, McCorkle, McLanahan, McMullm, !;
McQueen, Molony, John Moore, Morehead, Newton, Orr, j;
"Outlaw, Peaslee, Penniman, Perkins, Powell, Robbins, !j
Ross, Sclmunmaker, Fiedenck P. Suuiton, Stuart, Wal- ,
lace, and Watkius—60.
So the amendment was agreed to. Ij
The question recurred upon agreeing to the |
fourth amendment, as follows: ;s
" At pnjre 17 sfnke out af! after line fifteen, to the end of ;!
line twenty-seven, on page 17#, and insert in lieu thereof j'
•the following:
" For the ledetnption and final extinction of the annuities j
to the Bel River Mi amies, under the provisions of treaties of ;i
August 3, 1783, Augtir-t 21, 1805, and the 30th September,
1809, $lo.W!0; to be paid per capita : Provided, That before j!
paying such sum, oi auv part thereof, to the said net liiver H
Miamies, they shall relinquish, in such form a< the Seere- |l
tury of the FnWior sliail direct, all claim and demand on !
the United State*, for all further annuities and payments : I
*find jn-ovided further, That it shall be the dutv of the Sec- j
retary of the Interior, before the payment of s.ud sum of i;
money, a-> betoie directed, to ascertain who are the indt- [i
vnluals composing the said band, without retrard to the :!
places of then iesidence, and to pay to said individuals so J
ascertained per capita the sum of money hereinbeioic ap-
propriated.*'
The SPEAKER. To simplify the action of
the body, the Chair will put the question upon
agreeing to the Senate amendment. The Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
recommended the rejection of this amendment,
•but the question will be put upon agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. FITCH. What will be the effect of the
vote ?
The SPEAKER. To disagree to the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The question was then taken and it was decided
in the negative.
So the amendment of the Senate was not agreed
to.
The question now beins; upon agreeing to the
•eighth amendment of the Senate, to strike out the
following, viz:
11 For payment to the Shawnecs the moneys due to them,
under and by vutuo ot the tieatv of the 7th November, 18.52,
•and 8th August, 1831, between the United States and the
two divisions of said tribe of Indians, the same being the
net balance received into the Treasury from the sale of
•their lands m Ohio, $63,246 2i: Piov'uicd, hou-ecer, That
said tribe of Indian* shall first express rheir assent that the
payment of the above sum shall he made equally to the
whole tribe, rather than to either division thereoi."
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Will those
voting " no " send this question to a committee of
conference? Will they not be disagreeing to the
Senate amendment, which strikes out die House :i
amendment? }'
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to ;
say what will be the result of the vote. A nega-
tive vote will non-concur in the action of the Sen-
ate. II
Mr. STANTON", of Tennessee. I desire to ;
ask a question, if it is in order, and it is this: !'
Can we expect to get through with these appro- q
priations if the gentleman from Alabama, the ij
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, \ \
calls for the yeas and nays upon every proposition ? n
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 call for the yeas and nays !:
upon this one vote, because it is an important one. ij
I have attended to business quite as regularly as i;
the gentleman from Tennessee. !
fCries of " Order!" " Order!"] j!
The question was then taken upon agreeing to Jj
the eighth amendment of the Senate; and it was !
decided in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 53; as
follows: i'
YFiAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple- .
ton, Averett, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Boeock, Briygs, I
Geor«e II. Brown, Bu>bv,Joseph Cable, Caldwell,Thomp- ,
son Campbell, Caskie, Ciia^td.n, CIiunman, Cobb, Colooek,
Cuiti*, Dawson,Dean, Diriimiek, Doekery. Edgerton, Fick- 1
hn. Flovd. Fowler. Gentiv, Gihnoie, Goodenow, Goodrich, ,
Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper, Isham G. Hani", -
Sampson W. Hariis, Hurt, Hascall, Hebard. Hibbard, Hoi- ,i
laday, Houston, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, , |
Jackson, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jon%s, Geotjre W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jone.«, Preston King, Kuhn*, Lock barf,
Mann, Martin, McLanahan, MeMulhn,McNmr, McQueen,
Million, Molony, Henry D. Mooie, John Moore, Morehead,
Miuray, Andrew Parker, Pea^lee, Penuimau, Pine, Reed,
R</bbin«, Kobie,Koss, Sclioonioaker,8currv, David L. firy-
mour, Ongen S. Seymour, Skelton, ^mith, Abraham J*.
Stephen*, Thompson, Thurston, Townshend, Vcnable,
Wallace. Watkiu^, Wilcox-, Wilduck, and Woodward—91.
N"AYS Willis Allen, Barrere. Bibiyliaus, Bowie,
Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Duell, Burrows, Chandler,
Chapman, Clark, GeorgeT. Davis, John G. Davis, Disney,
Ewiitg, Fitch, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gayloid, Gorman,
Green, Grey, Haws, Hendiicks, Hemi, Hoisfoid, John W.
Howe, Jenkins, Robert W. Johnson, Lamfrv, Letcher,
McCorkle, Newton, Old^, Otr, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker,
Seltermerhorn, Scudder, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton,St. Martin, Sfrofher,
Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser,Taylor, Walsh,Ward,Welch,
and Addii-on White—53.
So the amendment of the Senate was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
(A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United Slates, by the hands of Mil-
lard P. Fillmore, Esq., his Private Secretary, in-
forming the House that the President had approved
and signed the following bills, viz:
House bill No. 299. An act to provide for exe-
cuting the public printing, ai.d establishing the
prices thereof, and for other purposes; and
House bill No. 258. An act to reduce and de-
flue the boundary of the military reserve at the
Saint Peter river, in the Territory of Minnesota.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to
reconsider the votes upon agreeing to these amend-
ments collectively, and to lay them all upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The reconsideration must be
had in detail.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will not make that
motion.
GRANTS TO ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to sus-
pend the rules of the House, and take up Senate
bill No. 233, granting alternate sections of the
public land to the States of Arkansas and Mis-
souri, for railroad purposes.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask thegen-
tleman from Arkansas to yield me the floor for a
i moment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I cannot pos-
! sibly do so.
■ Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to say
| that it is a matter in which parties are deeply in-
j terested. The select committee appointed by the
] House with reference to the Gardiner claim de-
; sire to make a brief report.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I cannot yield.
| I ask the unanimous consent of the House to dis-
| charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of
1 Senate bill No. 333.
| The Clerk then read the bill as follows:
| "An act gi anting the right of way and making <i pant of
; Jand to the States of Aikan^as and Missouri to an] in the
! conjunction of a raihoad from a point on the Mississippi
opposite the mouth of the Ohio river, via Lake Hock, to
the Texas boundary, near Fulton, m Arkansas, with
branches to Fort S/imh."
Mr. ALLISON, f object.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. ALLISON. Upon that motion I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN demanded tellers; which
1 were ordered; and Messrs. Breckinridge, and
; Stanton of Tennessee, were appointed.
| The question was then put, and the tellers re-
: ported—ayes 97, noes 29.
1 So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the
rules were suspended.
: The question recurred upon the motion to dis-
I charge the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union from the further consideration of the
i bill.
i Mr. JOHNSON demanded the previous ques-
. tion; which was seconded, and the main question
ordered to be put.
' The question was then put, and it was decided
in the aifirmative.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JENKINS moved to lay the bill upon the
table, and upon that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
Mr. JOTTNSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and to ky the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That being a privileged
question, is first in order.
The question was then taik«u upon Mr. John-
son's motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table, and it was agreed to.
Mr. AVERETT. Is it in order now to move
to lay thft bill upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House has
made an order that the bill be read the third time,
which has not yet been done.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JENKINS. I now move that the bill be
laid upon the table, and upon that motion 1 ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Jen-
kins's motion, and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 62, nnys 83; as follows:
YF\S—Mesne. Aiken, Allison, Averett, Thomas H.
Rayly, Hennett, Bthighaus, TJoeoek, John II. Boyd, ftrags,
Hrenton, Huell, Bin rows, Husby, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Ca.skie, Chastam, Ooleook, Curtis, Dawson, Dean, Di'm-
inielc, Duncan, Flojd, Fowler, Goodenow, Goodrich, Ham-
ilton, Hammond, Hebard, Hibbard, Hoisfoid, John W-
Howe, Ives. Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Geor«n> G. Kins, Preston Knur, Letcher, Martin, McLana-
han, Millson, Morehead, Murray,Newton Audiow Parkei,
Powell, Puce, Itobbin*, Ross, Sehoomnaker, Scuddei,
Origen S. Seymour, Skelion, Thompson, Walbndgo. Wal-
lace, Wa«hlmrn, Wells, Wildnck,and Woodward—8-2.
NAYS—Messis. Chailes Allen, Willis Allen. William
Appleton, Bairere, Bism'JI, Bowie, Bowne, Breckinridge,
Brijii™, Albert G. Brown, Geotjsre 11. l?iown,F. Carrimjton
Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Churehwell, Clark, Cling-
man, Cobb, Conner, John G. Davis. Disney, Kdgertnn,
Fickhn, Fitch, Floienee, Frevinan, Henry M. Fuller, Gay-
lord, Gentry, Gilmore,Gorman, Grey. Hall, Haiper, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hendricks Henn, Houston,
Howard, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson,
Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Lockhait. McCorkle, Molony,
Henry I). Moore, John Moore, Morrison, Olds, Orr, Samuei
W. Parker, Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Porter Rich-
ardson, Riddle, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Scurry, David L.
Sevmour, Smith, Stanly, Ueniamin Stanton, Frederick
Stanton, Kichard II. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stone,
St. Martin, Stiother, Stuart, Sweetser, Taylor, Walsh,
Watkms, Welch, Wilcox, and Yate —83.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question now being, " Shall thebiH pass?"
Mr. VENABLE demanded the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 71; ns follows:
YEAS—Mos^is. Willi.% Allen, William Appleton, Bar-
icre, llissell. Bowie, Dovvne, Brenton, Bujrsis Brooks,
Albert G. Biown, George H. Brown, F. Caninsfton Cabell,
Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Thomp-on Campbell,
Chandler, Churehwell, Clark, Clinuman, Cobb, Conger,
John <*. Davis, Ua^tman, Fickhn, Filch, Florence, Free-
man, Henry M. Fullei, Gentry, Gilmore, Goodneh, Col-
umn, Gley, Hall, Harper, Sampson W. Ilaiiirf, Hart, Hen-
dricks, Henn, Howard, Jackson, John Johnson, llobeit W.
Johnson, Kuhns, Landry, Lockhart, McCorkle, Molony,
Heurv D. Moore, John Moore, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Pe-nn, Puunnnan, Phelps, Polk, Porter, Richardson,
Kiddle, Sackett, Scurry, Smith. Snow, Benjamin Stanton,
Frederick P. Stanton, Richard lb Stanton, A. P. Stephens,
Pione, St, Mai tin, Stratton, Strothor, Stuart, Taylor,
Walsh, Watkms, Welch, Add-on White, Wilcox, and
Yates—713.
N VYS — Yfe-^r*. \iken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Babeock,
Thos. II Bayly, Beale, Bennett, Bihighaus, John H. Boyd,
Brass, BmiU, Burrows, Busby, Caldwell, C:iski°, Chap-
man, Chat-lam, Colcoek, Curtis, Dawson, Punmiek. Doek-
ery, Duncan, Dunham, Floyd, Fowler, Goodenow, Hamil-
ton, Hammond, Haw>., Hebaid, Hibbard, Hor^Sord, John
W. Howe, Insei'soll, Ives, Jenkins, Dame! T Jones, Geo.
W. Jones, J.GIancy Jones, George G. King,Preston King,
Letcher, Mai tin, Mason, McLauahai^ Millson. Morphea.!,
Hurray, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Paiker, Perkins, Pow-
ell, Price, Robbins, Ross, Savage, Sehoonmaker, Scudder,
David Ij. Seymour, Ougen S. Seymour, Skelton, Thomp-
son, Yenable, Walbndge, Wallace, Washburn, WiJdriek,
and Wood ward -—71.
So the bill was passed,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also move to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The question was put upon the Utter motion,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, obtained the
floor.
