1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
611
of the delay thus occasioned. When the case was
first before the Committee of Claims, the testi-
mony did not enable them to see very clearly the
facts of the case, and the committee deemed it
proper, therefore, to refer the matter to the Solicit-
or of the Treasury, to ascertain the facts and the
opinion of that officer under the facts and circum-
stances, whether they were entitled to anything
and what amount. The testimony was taken on
the part of the Government, and in behalf of
the applicants. It is quite voluminous, and the
report of the Solicitor follows the report of the
committee. According to the report of the Soli-
citor, although they failed to deliver the materials
precisely at the time stipulated in the contract, he
says that the Government sustained no injury in
consequence of it; but it was rather an advantage
to the Government. They had to deliver the
wrought marble, &c., it is true, in the public streets
of New York, convenient to the custom-house;
and as they had to leave space for them to pass
with their carts and vehicles along the streets, they
could only, therefore, deliver certain quantities of
marble where they could work it. Although it was
not delivered in pursuance of the terms of the con-
tract precisely, yet it was delivered in accordance
with the requisition of those who were engaged
upon this work. That is the whole violation, if
any, 011 the part of these contractors. The Gov-
ernment did fail to supply these models, and did
keep them considerably longer than they otherwise
would have had to remain there, for the purpose
of cutting the marble, and quarrying materials for
the custom-house. The Solicitor reports these
facts; and according to the testimony'taken on
both sides, he says there ought to be paid to these
contractors, in consequence of the injury they had
sustained, $17,430. The Solicitor was warranted
by the testimony which was taken; but the com-
mittee believed that the estimate in regard to some
of the items was extravagant. Where they be-
lieved, from their own knowledge of the facts
which were proved, that they were extravagant,
they curtailed those items, and reduced the amount
to $12,119 47, the amount mentioned in the bill.
"We made a curtailment in several items, and the
committee think, under the facts and circumstances
of the case, that the amount ought to be paid to
the claimants. I hope the bill may be laid aside,
and reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it pass J
GENERAL JAMES C. WATSON.
The next bill in order upon the Calendar was
House bill No. 136, for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of General James C. Watson, late of
the State of Georgia. This bid authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the
legal representatives of General Watson, the sum
of §14,600, with six per "cent, interest from the
8th day of May, 1838, being the amount paid by
said Watson to the Creek Indians for certain slaves
captured by those Indians from the Seminoles.
Mr. SACKETT. This claim is to recover
FOURTEEN THOUSAND SIX HUNDRED DOLLARS that
the petitioner claims. General James C. Watson,
in 1838 paid to the Creek Indians for one. hundred
and three negrotti claimed by them as their captives,
taken, and as the Creeks allege, by them from the
Seminoles in the Florida war, while they (the
Creeks) were engaged in the service of the United
States under the agreement of the 28th of August,
1836, hereinafter stated. The sole claim of the
Creek Indians to these negroes was made on the
ground that they were, 1 ohentaken, the slaves and
property of the Seminoles.
The general facts of this case are these: General
Jesup, m the prosecution of his command in the
Florida war, m 1836, by John D. Campbell en-
tered into a contract with the Creek Indians, to
furnish certain forces to the United States to be em-
ployed in that war. By the agreement, it was
agreed on the part of General Jesup, that the In-
dians should be entitled to the plunder they should
secure or capture from the Seminoles during their
services in behalf of the United States. These are
the precise terms of the contract. I wish the com-
mittee to bear in mind the terms were, that the
Creeks should be entitled to the plunder they might
capture from the Seminoles during the time they
were in service in the war, because in the various
reportsandin the prior consideration of this subject,
there has been a very common error committed on
the part of those who have advocated the passage
of a bill to pay this claim, and that error has been
this: they have uniformly stated it to be a part of
the contract that the Creeks should have the slaves
and property that they might take from the Semi-
noles during their engagement. There never was
any such contract. The United States, through
its agent, General Jesup, never entered into such
an engagement. I have the contract before me,
and perhaps it may be well, for the purpose of
having the committee understand distinctly the
terms of that contract, to send it up to the Clerk's
desk and have it read:
The State of Alabama, Tallapoosa County :
This contract, entered into between the United States of
America on the first part, arnf the'Creek tube of lndianson
the other pait, witne&seth :
That, upon tiie eonsideiation hereafler mentioned, the
paity of the first part agrees to advance to the party or the
second part the a.uin ot thirty-one thousand nine hundred
dollars, to be applied to the payment of the debts due by
the Creek nation of Indians. And the party of the second
pait hereby covenants and agrees to turmsh Irom then tribes
the number of from six hundred to one thousand men for
service against the Seminoles, to be continued in bctvicc
until the same shift! be conquered; they to receive the pay
and emoluments and equipments of soldiers in the Army of
tiie United States, and such plunder as they may take from
the Seminoles.
And the party of the second part releases, tiansfers, and
assigns to the'paity 0\ the first part aU their right, title,
claim, interest, and demand, in and 10 the annuity granted
by the party of the first part to the party of the second part,
for the year 1837.
In witness wheieof, I, John A. Campbell, on the part of
the United States, do hereby set my hand and affix my seal,
the 28th of August, 1836.
JOHN A. CAMPBELL, [l. S.]
In witness whereof, we, the chiets and headmen of said
tribe, on the behalf of said nation, do hereby set oui hands
and affix our seals, the 28th of August, 1836.
UYTOTULld YOIIOLA, his X maik. [l.s.J
LITTLE DOCTOR, hw X mark. [1. s.]
TUCKABATCUEE MICO, his X maik. [l. b. ]
YEL1CA HAYO, his X mark. [l. s.J
Attebt: Edward Hawick,
Barhnt Dubois.
This claim is to recover the money paid for
one hundred and thiee negroes, claimed as the
slaves of the Seminoles, and alleged to have been
taken by the Creeks while engaged under their
agreement, upon the ground, and the only one
which has been contended for here, that it was
a part and parcel of the contract, that slaves
were to be deliveied, if taken by them, to the
Creeks, as property, as plunder, for the uses and
purposes of slaveiy. It will be seen, that what
they were entitled to by the terms of the contract,
was the plunder which they might take from the
Seminoles during the time of their engagement.
It is to make these slaves a portion of that plunder,
and to recover pay for them as plunder t that this
claim is brought.
This is a true statement of this case. The Com-
mittee of Claims of the Thirtieth Congress adopted
the report of the Committee on Indian Affairs made
in 1842,and the Committee of Clauns of the present
Congress adopt the language of that report as to
the terms of the contract entered into between the
Creeks and the United States. This hasbeen the
common error of those who have sustained this
claim. This report thus adopted in the Thirtieth
and this Congress, made by the Committee on
Indian Affairs, was first made to the Twenty-fifth
I Congress, and was the first report that was made
! upon this subject. This is the language of that
| report in relation to the above contract, viz:
li In the year 1836, General Jesup, then in command of
|i the troops of the United States in Florida, agreed with
il certain Creek wairiors, whose services lie thus engaged
against the hostile Seminoles, that they should be entitled
to all the slaves andothcr property of the enemy they might
capture. The said warriors, m pursuance of tins engage
ment, among othei things, captured a large number of ne-
groes, about one hundred andthree of whom were slaves of
the Seminoles, and became, under said contract, the piop-
II erty of the Creek warriors.
jj Here is the language of the report of the Com-
jl mittee on Indian Affairs in 1842, and the language
ij which has been adopted by the Committee of
| Claims in relation to this claim. The first point I .
! make, then, is this: That there never was such a
1 contract as the one described in that report, that
the Creeks should be entitled to all the slaves they
' might capture from the Seminoles; and to sustain
, | that point, 1 present the contract itself. The terms
!j of that contract are, that the Creeks shall be enti-
' tied to what plunder they take of the Seminoles,
j but not to the slaves they take; and there I leave
!' this point. Next I call upon those who are to ad-
!j vocate this claim, in the first place to establish the
I fact that the Creeks took the negroes in contro-
versy. Upon that point, and upon this whole
matter, the evidence is very voluminous, and it is
impossible to state it here;^but I deny that there is
sufficient evidence in the case, deriyed from the
facts, and not from this extraordinary report of
1842, to prove these negroes were taken by the
Creek warriors. I will admit that report so states
in the very start. It alleges the facts to be, that
the Creeks took these negroes, but I deny that the
facts justify or authorize that allegation. It ap-
pears in the proofs that a part of these negroes
were taken, or came in, in the winter and spring
of 1838. Now, the Creek soldiers were mustered
out of the service in the fall of 1837, so that part
of these captives they never had anything to do
with. Without going into the detail of that evi-
dence, I call upon the advocates of this measure to
establish the fact, that the Creek soldiers ever took
one of these negroes. This is among the many
errors committed in the report of the Committee
on Indian Affairs in the Twenty-fifth Congress.
I call upon the advocates of this claim to estab-
lish another fact—a fact not recognized by the
laws of nations, not recognized by our own Con-
stitution and laws, except so far as applicable to
certain rights maintained in a portion of our own
States. I call upon them to establish the fact, that
the institution of slavery existed among the Sem-
inoles at all. I deny that fact. Where is the evi-
dence that these humble negroes, taken in theheat
of battle, fighting for their rights and liberties,
nobly sacrificing their lives in the defence of their
country, in the defence of their homes, their fire-
sides, in defence of their nationality, were slaves?
By the law of nations—the universal law govern-
ing mankind, with only exceptions which but tend
to establish the general principle—every presump-
tion, is that these men were free. The whole law
of the case, every legal intendment is, that these
men were free citizens of the Seminole nation.
Let the advocates of this claim establish these
points before they ask to pass this bill: first, that
slaves are embraced in tiie contract; next, were
these negroes captured by the Creeks; and next,
under the law, the law of nations, the law of this
nation, or by the law even of that savage Indian
nation let them show, if they can, that the insti-
tution of slavery existed among the Seminoles at
all. I deny it—deny each of these propositions.
There is another point \fhich I think is worthy
of consideration, and 1 am not prepared to say
that I am entirely right in the conclusions I have
arrived at in regard to it. I do not see satisfacto-
rily that this money was ever paid at all.
it is said that General Watson contracted here
in Washington to pay $14,600, and that he
placed the money in the hands of a common agent,
Major Armstrong, who was Indian agent, and,
by the purchaser himself, made agent to pay this
money, not to be delivered to the Indians till
they had arrived at their own country west of
the Mississippi. It is a fair inference that the
money was placed in the hands of an agent to be
delivered upon the receipt of the negroes. Now, *
the negroes were never delivered to General Wat-
son. He never had possession of them; and I
am, at least, justified in asking the advocates of
this claim to show that this money ever passed,
into the hands of the chiefs or authorized agents
of the Creeks, or that it ever passed out of the hands
of General Watson's agent.
There is another view of the case, and one
which, I think, should be entirely controlling, if
there was no other point in it. It is this: If these
negroes were property at all at the time the pur-
chase was made—if they were property accord-
ing to tiie laws of property among the Seminoles,
or of the States where they were held, they were
property of the value of $00,000 or $70,000.
This will not be disputed. General Watson, ~
too, knew all about the condition of that property;
he was familiar with the who^e matter; he was
himself engaged in removing Creek Indians, and
the contingencies of the property he well under-
stood; he knew all about the claim of the Semi-
noles, if they had any, and of the Creeks, if they
had any, to this property; he was probably more
intimately acquainted with it than any officer of
the Government. This whole transaction was after
the treaty of Camp Dade, made 6th of March,
1837, by which it was agreed that at least a part
of these very negroes should go with the Semi-
noles to their home in the West, which Watson
well knew.
