THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 7,
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. Upon that motion I
demand theyeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ABERCROMCm. It seems to me that
we have not a quorum here. Are gentlemen here
desirous of making speeches instead of going
into, committee for the purpose of hearing those
speeches, they can pursue the course which nas
been followed before, and write them out and pub-
lish them. That privilege has been generally i
granted. j
Mr. STANLY. It requires a quorum to do .
business. It does not require a quorum to do ;
nothing. [Laughter.] Speech-making is t.tnta- ;
mount to doing nothing. . :
The question was then taken upon Mr. Out- ;
ijl-w's motion to adjourn, and there were—ayes 2G, |
noes 63. _ !
So the House refused to aqjoum. I
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that, the Jtlouse ;
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole, i
The SPEAKER. Thatis the pending question. I
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Mr. Dickws, its Secretary, in- :|
forming the House that the Senate had agreed to j;
the amendment of the House to Senate bill $To. 1
3, entitled " An act granting the right of way to |
'the State of Missouri, and a portion of public :
' lands to aid in the construction of certain railroads j
• in said State." _ .
The question then being upon the suspension of 1
til ft rules 5 [
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, demanded tellers; j
- which w£re not ordered, only 23 gentlemen rising j
in the affirmative. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is perfectly evi
Elias Waldo for services and expenses in reliev-
ing the overland emigrants to that State; which
were referred to the Committer on Fin&ncej &nd
ordered to be printed.
Also, the memorial of Van Rensselaer Mor-
gan, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying to be al-
lowed traveling expenses while returning from the
Sandwich Islands, under orders from the Navy
Department; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs. . .
Mr. BRIGHT presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Indiana, praying; that the bill now pend
called " the homestead bill," may become a law;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a petition of Ra-
chel Abbot, praying to be allowed a pension for
the services of her husband, John Abbot, in the
revolutionary war; which was referred to the
Committee o,i Pensions.
Mr. HUNTER presented a memorial of the
Amazonian Mai! Steamship Company, praying
that the Postmaster General may be authorized to
contract with it for the transportation of the mails
me before Congress, commonly known as'" the jj between Norfolk, Virginia, Porto R!f°> m the
homestead bill/' may become a law; which were j; West Indies and Para, Brawls jrhich was re-
referred to the Committee on Public Lands. ferreu to the Committee on the Post Office and
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of Post Roads. . ,
Indiana, in favor of a donation of the public lands j! Mr. W ELLEk presented the memorial of La-
in that State to Indiana; which was ordered to be ji fayette Maynard and John Parrott, praying that
laid on the table and printed. _ I'  contract may be entered into withdiem furj r-
Also, a joint resolution of the Legislature of In- j
diana, in favor of a grant of land for the Indiana !
Normal University for the education of females; :
which was ordered to be laid on the tank; and i
printed. . . . i
Mr. WADE presented three petitions ol citi- i,
zens of Ohio, praying that the bill now pending
yingthe mails by steamships from San Francisco
to Panama.
Also, a memorial of members of the-Legislature
of the State of California, and a series of joint res-
olutions of the Legislature of the State of Califor-
nia, in favor of entering into a contract with La-
favette Maynard and John Parrott for the semi-
be£re Confess," commonly known as "the home"-monthly transportation of the mails between
sitead bill,""may fecome a law; which were ;et'er- ! Panama and San rrancisco, or between New
red to the Committee on Public Lands " x "
Mr. SHIELDS presented the memorim ot jJu'.i
Green and Benjamin E. Green, praying toe pav-
mentof their claim against the Cherokee Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against tl e ex- ;|
York and San Francisco; which were referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Lansing, Michigan, praying that the bill now
pending before Congressj commonly called " the
homest*ead bill," may become a law, which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE presented twelve petitions of cit-
izens of Ohio, praying that the bill now pending
' called "the homestead
Siich were referred to
Mr. JONES, r ask for a division upon the j| referred to the Comnuttei
question of the House resolving itself into the jj Patent Office.
Committee of the Whole. • i! Also, n memory ot citizens of Philadelphia,
The question was then taken, and there were— i| praying a modification of the late bounty Una
ayes 60, noes 27. jl !aw"' which was referred to the Committee on 1 ub-
No Quorum votin0*. 1'*- Lands. ^ .
Mr. OUTLAW.° I move that the House ad- j! Also, a petition of the officers oftne Art Union
j0l,rn- ii of Philadelphia, praying that P. F. Rotherme!
Mr, HOUSTON. Let us have the yeas and j| may be employed to paint, a picture for one ot the lj
navs upon the motion to go into the Committee ofj panels of the rotunda of the Capitol; which was j>
the Whole, and that will tell the House whether ; referred to the Committee on the Library.
wa have a quorum or not
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn; which were or-
dered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 24, nays 86.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS,of Geoigia, moved a call of
the House, which was not agreed to.
Upon tin
adjourned
PETITIONS, Sir. 1|
The following petition*, memorial-*, &c., were presented !
under tile rule, am! referred to the appropriate committees : M
By Mr. HEXDRICKS: The pcliliuu of numerous rm- ■ ]
zenaof the count!of Johnson,ami Shelby, 11
in the State of Indiana, piaving the ru.nirucuon of an at} |
ditionfil canal at the Kail-i of the Ohio nver.
}Jy Mr. STRATTOiV: The petition of Joseph Franklin u
and 39i others rstiz.i!^ of «i!rmtvner county. Xuw Jersey,
askic® ConerfSH to pass a law to nrohib.r, ab^ohueh, tsu 
deportation," hanishnnnt, or immigration from foreign oouu- ;
tries to the Unite.} Staler, of any and nil convicts, felon«:, ]
and pauper*, publicly recognized as such at home m their :
own countries. !
By Mr. BRIGGS: The nimuorial of William  . A nor 1
end others, for the iinmwhate e^tahh®lif«ir-nt of a Mu*f m hie
city of New York, to which i* appended a <tatenifnt of the I
annmmtof gold bullion received at inn port oi New York |
from California since it* Annexation to the (Jailed estate-, ;
which saia i  $94,483,553 IT, j
IN SENATE.
Monday, June 7,1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
A^o, a petition of citizens of Harrisburg* Penn-
sylvania , praying that the bill now ppn'Hng before
Congress, commonly known as "the homestead
bill," may become alaw; which was refened to |j
the Committee on Public Lands;. lj
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens 1;
of the city of New York; a petition of the citi- !j
zens of Williamsburg, New York-, a petition of j,
citizens of Mawsenn, St. Laurence county. New !;
Upon the motion ol- Mr. O'RR, U.e House then Ji York-, a petition of inhabitants of the State of I.
lioumed till Monday next at twelve oVlotk, in. ;j New York;and apetition ofmemueisofthe V Oik- ;
iny Men's League, praymg tuat the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as I
" the homestead bi'l," may become a law: which j
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands, j
Mr. DAVES presented a memorial of William j
H. Gregerson "and others, owners of the In-ig i
X<Ue Boyd, praying indemnity for the unjust, j
seizure and detention of their vessel; which was >
referred to the Committee on Commerce. ;
Also, a large number of petitions, signed by j
about five hundred engineers of steamboats, and ;
other persons residing on the northern iskes, ask- !
in? for further protection to the lives und property j
of passengers on board steamboats; which were j
ordered to be laid on the table. i
Mr. BUTLER, presented a memorial of iner- |
chants and others, of Charleston, South Carolina, !
praying that certain acts of Congress affecting ;
the commerce of the United Staten %vith the Span-
ish West India islands, may be modified or re-
pealed; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, a petition of the Rev. Richard Fuller,
Mr. G WIN presented two petitions of citizens ]! praying that a pension _ may be^ allowed the
'California, praying the establishment of a raail | mother of the late Captain James Stuart, of the
United States Army; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
•esen'ed a petition of
a mail route may
and West Union,
' in that State; which was referred to the Commit-
: tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
1 Mr. GEYER presented the memorial of R. H.
i Miller & Co., praying the remission of duties
i payable on e3rthen-wore imported by tliem into,
1 ISTew Orleans, but lost on the way to St. Louis,
' its port of destination; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. EROOKE presented a memorial of H. S.
I Foote and others, citizens of Mississippi, praying
1 that. John J. Guion may be released from a judg-
; mer>t obtained against him by the United States,
| as one of the sureties of Anderson Miller; which
j was referred to the Committee on Finance. _
J Mr. CHASE presented two petitions of citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, praying; the erection of a
custom-house, and other public buildings, m that
of California, prayin
route from Benicia to Knight's Landing, or to
Prfmont; which were referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented three
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Califor- lj petitions of citizens of Wisconsin, praying that
aia, iis favor of an appropriation to remunerate II the bill now pending before Congress, commonly
city; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, the petition of James J. Johnson, repre-
senting that a patent has been granted for an in-
vention for which he had been previously refused
a patent, and praying such action in the premises
as a due regard to justice .demands; which wis
referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent OtRce.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented additional
documents relative 10 the pension claim of Orson
Young; which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. QW!N, from the Committee on Naval Af-
li fairs, to which was referred the memorial of Har-
riet Ward, asking that her pension may be made
jj to extend back to the death, of her husband, stub-
j! mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for her re-
lj iief; which was rrad and passed to the second,
j; readi-ijf. The report was ordered to be printed.
|! He also, from the sa^e committee, to which
ji was referred the following memorials, submitted
•j adverse reports thereon; which were ordered to
!i be printed;
ii The petition of Simon P. Kase, to purcnase the
ris/ht of a patent force-pump for the use of the
JSav-y;
The petition of Hans Nelson, praymg pay as a
seaman in the United States Navy,
I The petition of E. D. Reynolds, asking toe di.-
I ferenee of pav as purser of the Southampton;.
I The petition of George R. Goldsborougli, pray-
