&12L
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
The following is an extract from this treaty:
" Capitulation of the Seminole nation of Indians and their
allies, fay Jumper, Holah Toocke, (or Davy,) and Taho-
loorhec. representing th% principal chief Micanopy, and
fully empowered by hnn, entered into with Major General
Thomas S. Jesup, commanding the United States forces
in Florida, the 6th day of March, 1837.
« Art. I. The chiefs above named, m behalf of them-
selves and the nation, agree that hostilities shall cease im-
mediately, and shall not be resumed.
"Art. II. They agree and bind themselves, that the
entire nation shall immediately emigrate to "the country as-
signed to them by the President of the United States, west
of the Mississippi."
**********
"Art. V. Major General Jesup, in behalf of the United
State?, agrees that the Seminoles and their allies, who come
in and emigrate to the West, shall be secure in their lives and
property; that their negroes, their bona Jidc property, shall
accompany them to the West. *****
"Art. VI. Thattho expenses of the movement west shall
be paid by the United States.
" Art. VII. That the chiefs, warriors, and their families
and negroes, shall be sub^istedi from the time they assemble
in camp, near Tampa I ay, until they arrive at their home*
west of the Mississippi, and twelve months thereafter, at
the expense of the UniteU States."
General Watson knowing that this property, if
property at all, was worth §60,000, and knowing
the contingencies attached to it, and knowing
of this treaty purchased it, as a speculation, for
$14,600. It was but a speculation. It was an
adventure. He took all the chances, all the risk,
on himself; and, under the circumstances, he has
no right to come to Congress and ask to be remu-
nerated. The Government never guarantied pos-
session. The Creeks guarantied title. But Watson
knew this Government had no lawful power to
give him possession; this Government reserved
nothing—had no power to do so.
But it is said that the Government agents did
not deliver the property, as ordered by the De-
partment. They had no authority to deliver the
Eroperty. They had no evidence that the contract
etween the Seminoles and the Government of the
United States embraced these negroes. On the
contrary, they had positive evidence, from the con-
tract itself, that they were not embraced in it.
They had no evidence that slavery existed among i
the Seminoles, and they would have been culpa- ,'j
ble in the highest degree if they had violated every |
principle of law to obey an unlawful order of an i
Indian .Bureau. They had no right to separate '
these colored prisoner^ of war from the others, :
and declare them to be chattels, things, slaves. 1
What were these directions from the Indian De- 'I
partment but an unlawful, an abominable order, 'A
that men who had fallen into our hands by the I
fortunes of war should betaken from under the Ij
control of the military forces of the United States ij
and made slaves—slaves themselves and in their ij
posterity, to thr latest generation? It was nothing i
else. It was a naked, undisguised design to have '
prisoners of war sold, by the intervention of the
officers of the United Suites, infn perpetual slavery,
without trial, without evidence, wirhour h^nrin^.
Is Congress to sustain a transaction of that kind,
a transaction of so infamous ;i character.'
Mr. DUNCAN", (interrupting.) Perhaps the
gentleman can inform us what disposition was
made of these persons after they came into the
hands of General Watson r
Mr. SACKETT. They went with the other
prisoners of war to the West. They came into '
the hands of the military fox*ccs of the United 1
States and were h-r^ted as prisoners of war.
Mr. DUNCAN. Were tiny slaves or free ne-
groes ? ;
Mr. SACKETT. They were with the Indians 1
in the Florida war, and after they fell into the ,
hands of the military forces of the United States, '
they refused to be separated Wn their Indian i
friends, but went with them to their countrv in the
West; there is no evidence they were slaves.
I will not longer detain the committee in the dis- '
cussion of this case. I present tiiese points, first, j
that there never was any contract entered into be- 1
tween the Government of the United States and '
tae Grcetf Indians, in relation to slaves there is !
no power to make such a contract under the Con- '
stitution. That is onp point. >
In the second place, there is no evidence that m
the Creeks took these negroes at all.
In the third place, there is no evidence that sla- '
very exists among the Seminoles, and the law of''
nations—the contrary not being shown—clearly 'i
establishes the fact that slavery does not exist ij
there, and therefore they were taken as ordinary !:
prisoners of war. • l!
And, in the fourth place, General Watson en-
tered into this negotiation with his eyes open, and,
understanding the whole transaction and ail the
c'ontingencies in relation to it, entered into it as a
speculation, purchasing what was worth, as prop-
erty, $60,000 or $70,000, for $14,600, and took his
chances of the result. 1 present these four points
to the consideration of the committee. It was an
agreement with the Creeks, not with this nation
—the United States received nothing.
Mr. DANIEL said: Mr. Speaker, perhaps the
positive assertion of the gentleman, that there is
no evidence to sustain the claim, arises from his
failure to examine the evidence in the case. I ap-
prehend that General Jesup, who was connected
with the transaction to some extent, the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, and the then Secretary of
War, [Mr. Poinsett,] understood the facts in the
case as well as gentlemen here n ow do, and a great
deal better; and if any gentleman will examine
into the facts, he will find it stated in the report
upon this case, (made some years since, and con-
tained in Ex. Doc. No. 225, 3d sess. 25th Cong.,)
that the institution of slavery did exist among the
Seminoles. The gentleman states that there is no
evidence that slavery existed there, nor is there any
evidence that the Creeks captured these slaves. I
will read the statement of General Jesup, that the
committee may see what little reason the gentle-
man has for such positive assertions. In one of his
letters to Captain William Armstrong, he nays:
ninvnansvillt", (Florida.') September 17, 1837.
Sin: In addition to the inducements held out to the In-
dians who may enter the scrviee,is that of the Seminole
property. Their nejrroep, horses and cattle, (and they are
iich in that dwcuption of propci ty.) will be given to the
captors; the Creek warrtoi.s, who captus ed but a binul! por-
tion of the Seminole property, received ibf their capture*
between fourteen and fifteen thousand dollar*.
Captain W>t. Armstrong, TIL S. JESUP.
Ckoc.'Uaw ■jlgcneij) Jirh(ins<is%
Here is another letter of General Jesup:
[l-XTRACT.] j
Fort G'rr uland, September 1337. ;
Captain : In addition to their pay a4- soldiery they [the
Ohcetnwwariioi>]\vill have all tiie SonnnoJe property the}'
caprine; and tho-e Indians are ueh m cattle, horses, and 1
nciiroe* The Creek wainors received between ,-ii,00U
ami 15.000 for their capture-?. TH. S. JESlTi\
r,iptam B. L. Donvkville, 7th Jnfanuy,
Cdm/iuinding Chocluio ivai i j
Ohoctav ttgpvcy} JlrJ'ftnsas. !
Mr. SACKETT. Ar
contract ?
Mr. DANIEL. No, sir; I amnotreadingfrnm
the contract: but I am reading to show how Gen-
eral Jesup understood the contract, and how the
Creek warriors understood it. They looked upon
it as embracing not only all the cattle, horses and
hogs captured by them, but all the slaves they
might take from the Seminoles. In a certain list,
in which the officers were directed to leportthe
names of the negroes and their owners, it appear*
that a great many slaves were owned by a certain
[lamer Bowlegs, daughter of an Indian chief. The
facts show that a gieat many slaves were owned
by other Indians. But notwithstanding this, the
gentleman from New York says slavery did not
exist among the Seminoles; and that the contract
with the Creek warriors did not embrace slaves.
These assertions, in the face of the official re-
ports and statements I have read, should have
no weight with this committee. If the facts were
to be looked at, and the case decided as any simi-
7"" case, not involving this peculiar speei.es of
you reading from the
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman. I understand him to say, that
General Jesup entered into this contract with the
Creek Indians. Do I understand him correctly?
Mr. DANIEL. I so understand the contract.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I did not understand the
document when it was read at the Clerk's table.
It was my impression, however, that this contract
was signed by another man, and that General Jes-
up had nothing to do with it. All I desire is to
get at the facts, and if I am wrong I desire to be
corrected.
Mr. DANIEL. Although not signed by Gen-
eral Jesup, it might have been made, and I sup-
pose was made, under the authority and by order
of General Jesup. I am quite certain that the
agreement was recognized and sanctioned by him.
j Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I was m that country
i at the time this contract was made. I belonged to
| a company at that time which had contracted to
; emigrate these Indians beyond the Mississippi
i river. By the order of General Jesup 1 obtained
| a conti act for emigrating these Indians. They were
promised that if they would go to Florida and as-
sist in the war against the Seminoles, that they
should have the plunder captured by them,inclu-
ding the negroes. This was expressly understood
before they left the country. I was there at the
time, and I do not think I can be mistaken; they
expressly understood that they were to have the
negroes which they should capture. These are
facts, and stubborn facts. We were to take the
families of the warriors engaged in the Seminole
war to Mobile Point, and there feed them till the
war was concluded. This was done; and the In-
dians, after the war was over, did not return to the
Cieek country, but to Mobile Point, where we re-
ceived them and carried them west of the Missis-
sippi n v er. I say I was in the country when these
Indians went into that war, and I know that this
was their understanding; and whether the contract
specifies that they were to have the slaves, or not,
suchwos their understanding of it beyond a doubt.
But the gentleman says there was nothing like
slavery existing in that country. Now, 1 was
born and raised in that country, and my recollec-
tion is, that slavery has always existed among them.
I know that a trade has been carried on by selling
slaves between the Creeks and Florida Indians.
These are facts which I know; and whatever may
be said by other gentlemen in relation to this mat-
ter, I have no doubt that the money was paid for
negroes. The gentleman states that they
ter, 1 1
m
i
property, it would, I apprehend, moet with no
opposition. I think I shall be able to show before
I get through, that the question which the iron tie-
man has raised, does not necessarily arise in the
case, but that Mr. Watson was druwn into this
matter partly to relieve the Government from the
embarrassing situation in which it had been placed.
The facts are fully sustained by the reports, but
it would take too mu<:h time to lead them. I will
state the material farts to be gathered from them.
In the prosecution of the Seminole war, it seems to
have occurred to General Jesup, then conducting it,
that a band of Creek warriors would furnish eiEcient
aid in huntin? out the Seminoles in their hiding
places, and giving intelligence where they might
be found, and thus enable him to act more success-
fully against them. Hethereforeenteredjitseeros,
into an engagement with the Creeks, that if they
would furnish a band of warriors, they should, in
addition to their pay as soldiers, have all the prop-
erty they might capture, embracing slaves as well
as any other property.
sold for $14,600, while they were worth
I! §70,000. It must be recollected that that property
1 was selling low, comparatively, then, to what it
sells for now; and who would buy that kind of
i| property unless he expected to purchase it for less
j than its rejl value? No man of sense would have
1 done it.
Mr. SACKETT. The report upon which this
'' claim is based, states expressly that these negroes
; were worth $(50,000 at market value.
: Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I do not know what
the report states, for I have not read it, but I say
: again, that no person would have bought these ne-
groes under the circumstances, unless they had
| / been s'old for less than their market value.
Mr. DANIEL. I was proceeding to bring the
; j material facts before the committee, and then I
will state the point upon which I thiak the case
!; really turns. In accordance with the understand-
- ing between General Jesup and the Creek Indians,
a band or regiment of that tribe embarked m the
war. The Creek warriors claimed to have captured
the rise of one hundred slaves—one hundred and
three, I think. The whole number of slaves taken
fiom the Seminoles was, between two hundred and
three hundred. A great many had run o.way from
the planters residing in Florida. Georgia, and Ala-
bama, and were living among these Indians when
i they were captured. For such as belonged to oui
own citizens, and werecaotured by the Creek war-
riors, they received $20 ahead. They received a
good deal of money in this way. The slaves
captured and claimed by the Creeks, as well as
others, were taken into custody and carried, under
the orders of General Jesup, to Fort Pike, there to
be kept until some disposition should be made of
them. Knowing the influence which the slaves
had over their Indian owners, and knowing their
attachment to their slaves, it occurred to the offi-
cers of the Government, that if these slaves should
■ go west with the Creeks, who captured them, they
