1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2389
By Mr. WEIGHTMAN— Patrick Kepheart,
of Santa Fe.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know by what
authority the name of John C. Rives is presented
here? i understand that he did not wish the ap-
pointment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to be in-
formed by the gentleman who nominated Mr.
Rives, whether he did it by Mr. Rives's authori-
ty ?
Mr. PENNIMAN. I claim the right to nom-
inate him without asking any mail's consent.
Mr. FLORENCE. I am informed by Mr.
Rives',s friends that he does not wish the nomina-
tion. [ thinkitisimportantthattheHouseshould
understand that fact.
The SPEAKER then appointed Messrs. Fow-
ler, Stanton of Kentucky, Johnson of Arkan-
sas, an-1 Chandler, as tellers.
The roil was fhen called, with the following re-
sult: "Whole number of votes, 187; necessary to
a choice, 94. Of which—
Robert Armstrong leceived 107
John T. Towers 58
Gales & Seaton SO
George S. Gideon .  9
G. Bailey  G
W. C. Bryant.   4
John C. Rives  3
Horace Greeley  3
J.M.Daniel  2
W. P. Brownlow    2
H. J. Raymond  52
John Forsyth    I
The following is the vote m detail, viz:
For Robert ^2na->tron^.—Willis Alien, A- h ',
Aveiett, Babooc-k. Thomas II. Uajly, Bisscll, Linn
Boyd, Bocock. Bras™, BiPekmridse, Albert G. Brown, Bus-
by, Thompson Cauipt elI,Carttcr,Ca^kie, Chiistait!,Chuich-
wcll, CJuik, Cobb, Cuitit?, D.'ini'jl, John G. Davis;,Dawson,
Dean, Dimnnck, Doty, Dunlmm, Ka*tm;in, Edjjciton, Ed
mundson. Ficklm, Fitch, Florence, Fimnan, Gamble.
G<iylord, Gilmote, Gonn.m, (iiecn, {fall, Hamilton, Ham-
mond. It-hiiin <L Hams, S:unp<oii \V. Hart, Hen-
dricks, limn, Hibbard, Holladav, Houston. Howard, In^ci*-
h0ll,J,tci'>0ii, Jenkins, Andiew Johnson, Rolierr \V. John-
son, Geo. W. Jones, J. Glan^y Joiu s, Proton Kin<r, Km fx,
Letcher. Lockhaif, Mace, Ma*on, McCorkle, MeLarnihan,
McMuihn, McNair, Meade. Million, Mulonj, Morruson,
Munay, Olds-, Orr, Andrew Parker, Pca?!er, Ponn, Phelps,
Polk, Powell, Pricy, Iliehard-son, Riddle, Ilohbms. Ilobie,
Ross, tfa.^-0, hourly, Oilmen S. Sejsnoui, David L. Sey-
mour, ), ;wnith. Snow. Fiederick l\ Stanton, Rich-
ard II. Stanton, Abt.iUrun P. Stephen-*, Stone, St. Martin,
Sinaif, Sutheriaia'1. >i\vcetse!, Thuiston, Venable, Wilcox,
and Wihiuck—107.
For John T. Towers.—Most."-. Barieie, Bennett, Bibig-
haus, John H. Boyd, Brenton, Brooks, Burrows.-, E. Car-
ungton Cabell, Lewis I). Campbell, Chapman, Clmgman,
Faulkner, Fowler, Hawrf, Haven, Horslord, Outlaw, Per
kins, Schoolcraft, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Tlmddeus Ste-
vens, Soother, Thompson, Walbridye, WaUli. Welch, and
Wells—28.
F01 Gales 4 Scaton.—Me.^ts. Bowie, George II. Brown,
Caldwell, Chandler, Conger, George T. Davis, Dockery,
Duncan, Goodrich, Harper, Hebaid, George G. lvin«, Mar-
tin, John .Moore, Morehead, Samuel W. Parkei, Scheimcr-
hoin, Scudder, T.iyloi, and Adthson White—20.
Por George S. Gideon.—Me^is. Win. Appleton, Brings,
FiVan<, Kwinjr, Giey, Kuhiif, Landry, Henry D. Mooie,
and Yates—0.
for G. Bailey. -Mof-fcrs. Charlea Allen, Diukec, John W.
Howe, Mann. Newton, and Townshend—6.
For'lV. C. Bryant.—'Messrs. Buell, Joseph Cable, Floyd,
ami Thomas Y. How—1.
For John C Rices.—Messrs. John Johnson, Penniman,
and Woodward—3.
For Jlorace Greeley.—Mes.-as. Allison, Waiiibum, and
ileed—'3.
For J. M. Daniel.—Messrs. Coleock and Wallace—2.
For W, P. Broii-nloiv.—Mvssi*. Gentry and Watkins—2.
For II. J. Raymond.—Messrs. Sackett and Schoonma-
kcr— '2.
For John Fonyth.—'Sli. McQueen—1.
The SPEAKER then declared General Robert
Armstrong to be duly elected the public printer
for the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK obtained the floor.
IOWA RAILROAD.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. 1 ask the
gentleman from Iowa to yield to me for one mo-
ment. I desire to appeal to the House to go into
Committee of the Whole and take up the river
and harbor bill.
GARDINER CLAIM.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 rise for the
purpose of making an appeal both to the gentle-
man from Iowa and to the gentleman from New
Yoik. The Select Committee appointed by the
liou.se to investigate the Gardiner claim, and the
connection the Secretary of the Treasury had with
that claim, have performed their duty and they
wish to make a report to the House. The report
is not long, and the House can dispose of it in a
very few minutes. It is a very important ques-
tion, in which Congress and the country feel a
very deep interest. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow us to make that report,
that it may be disposed of.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. CLARK. I am appealed to on all sides
to give way, and I think it would not be light to
make a distinction. I therefore decline.
Whatever may be the result of the application
I now make to the House, I have at least the
gratification to know that I have an opportunity
to present a certain measure of importance to the
House. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House—and if it be not granted, which 1 hope it
will be, I shall move to suspend the rules—for the
purpose of taking up Senate bill No. 155, which
provides for granting the right of way from Wa-
bash river to the Missouri river, for a grant of
land to aid in the construction of a railroad be-
tween the points designated in the bill.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to present this sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Iowa. A great many
members desire to have an evening session. The
gentleman from Iowa is entitled to the floor, and I
suggest to him if we are going to have an evening
session, we had better adjourn now for that pur-
pose, and he call still hold the floor. If the gen-
i tleman will give way I will move that the House
| take a recess until seven o'clock.
1 Mr. CLARK. I would not set myself in oppo-
, sition to the sense of the House, if the House
; desire 1 will give way.
[Cries of " No ! " "No !"]
1 Mr. CLARK. Then I decline to give way for
that purpose. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up the bill I have indicated,
' and I presume I may now be allowed to make a
lew leinarks by way of explanation of that bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman call only
proceed by unanimous consent.
[Cries of" Object1 "]
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 hope that the gentleman
will allow me to make the motion that the House
take a recess. It is the wish of many members
| that we should hold an evening session, and if we
i are to do so, 1 think we had better adjourn and ad-
journ at dinner time.
j Mr. CLARK. If that is the wish of the House
> I will give way.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Alabama can only be entertained by
| unanimous consent.
! Mr. HAMILTON. 1 object.
Mr. AVERETT. f demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CxlBELL, of Florida. I ask the gentie-
, man from Iowa if in case the rules are suspended
he will accept as an amendment to his bill that
1 proposition which he will recollect was discussed
somewhat at length a short time ago to aid in the
contsruetion ofa railroad to Pensacola.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
! and navs upon the motion to adjourn; but they
were not ordered.
: The question was then taken, and there were, on
a division—ayes 63; when
Mr. HAVEN demanded tellers; which, were
; ordered; and Messrs. Venable and Dawson ap-
! pointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers reported
; —ayes 72, noes 70.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow at
eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE. |
; Friday, Jluguit 27, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler, j
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the reading of the J
Journal was dispensed with. j
I On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the order re- |
■ quiring to-day to he set apart for private business, !
| was dispensed with.
| MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
; A message from the House of Representatives ,
i was received by Mr. Forney, us Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the following bills from the
Senate:
An act for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. Davis,
widow of Daniel W. Davis; and
An act authorizing imported goods, wares, and
merchandise, entered and bonded for warehousing,
in pursuance of law, to be exported by certain
routes, to ports and places in Mexico.
Also, that the House of Representatives concur
in the amendments of the Senate to the bill to
amend the act entitled "An act to reduce and modify
the rates of postage in the United States, and for
other purposes," passed March 3, 1851, with ail
amendment, in which they request the concurrence
of the Senate.
Also, that the House of Representatives had
passed a bill entitled "An act making further pro-
vision for the satisfaction of Virginia military
land warrants."
A subsequent message was received from the
House of Representatives, announcing that it had
passed the following bill from the Senate:
An act for the relief of Mrs. Margaret Hetzel,
widow and administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late
Assistant Quartermaster in the United States
Army.
Also, that it had passed a bill entitled "An act
' granting the right of way and making a grant of
' land to the States of Arkansas and Missouri, to
' aid in the construction of a railroad from a point
'on the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the
'Ohioriver, via Little Rock, to the Texas bound-
' ary, near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
' Fort Smith and the Mississippi river."
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it agreed to the first, second, third,
fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30th, 1853; that they agree to
the tenth and eleventh amendments with amend-
ments, and disagree to the fourth amendment of
the Senate to the said bill.
PATENT APPEALS.
Also, that it had passed a bill entitled "An act
in addition to an ' Act to promote the progress of
the useful arts.' "
REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which were referred the following bills
from the House of Representatives, reported back
the same with sundry amendments:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending the 30th June,
1853; and
An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Oflice Department during the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1853.
He also, from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill from the House of Representa-
tives making appropriations for the transportation
of the United States mail by ocean steamers,
and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending 30th
June, 1853, reported back the same without
amendment.
RANDOLPH COYLE.
Mr. PRATT submitted the views of the mi-
nority of the Committee on Public Lands, to
which had been referred the report of the Secretary
of the Interior on the conflicting claims of Ran-
dolph Coyle, John Delafield, and the corporation
of Cincinnati, to certain lands in that city; which
, was ordered to be printed in connection with the
report of the committee on the subject.
ISLAND OF ST. DOMINGO,
| A message was received from the President of
i the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fii.i.more, his
Secretary, in answer to aresolution of the Senate of
I the 14th ultimo, requesting a copy of the corre-
spondence of Mr. R. M. Walsh, while he was
employed as a special agent of this Government
in the Island oi St. Domingo, transmittinga report
from the Secretary of Stete and the documents l.y
which it was accompanied.
0,1 UDILOII b) iir. HUNTER, il was md«nl
to lie on the table ami be printed.
