1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
613
would become a source of contention and of war
between the Seminoles and the Creeks. These
consequences the Secretary of War and the offi-
cers epga^ed in that service were disposed to pre-
vent; and General Jesup, it seems, made an inef-
fectual effort to purchase of the Creek warriors
their <w:ured slaves, that they might be sent to
Liberia. They were kept at Port Pike some time.
After the slaves were sent to Fort Pike the Semi-
noles surrendered, and a treaty was concluded be-
tween tiietn and General Jesup. They were then
ordered 10 Sew Orleans, from whence they were j|
to be sent to their destination, west of Arkansas. |i
The slaves had not been disposed of, and were gull ;!
at Fort Pike when the Indians arrived there. ;
About the time the Sendnoles reached Fort Pike, ;
certain delegates from the Creek wan km s came to i
Washington city, to have some arrangement made j
about these slaves. General Jesup had endeav-ii
ored to purchase them of the Creek warriors, and j!
had ordered $8,000 to be paid to them, as appears
from one of his dispatches. In another, lie states
that they were the property of the Government.
General 'Jesup was under the impression, when he
wrote the dispatches 1 have read, that the Creek
warriors had accepted the §#,000 which he had
directed to be paid them; but when it was offered ij
by Xjieufenant iSloan they lefused to take it. 1
have no doubt that General Jesup supposed, at j!
the time he wrote the letter referred to, the negroes |j
had been actually purchased of the Indians. ij
I will not take the time to refer to all the dispatches ij
for all the facts connected with this matter; but if |!
gentlemen will take time to examine them, they j
will find that they are substantially as 1 have
slated them. Tha {Secretary of War was, it seems,
much perplexed as to the best disposition to be
made of iLe slaves. He did not know what the \
Government could do with the slaves if purchased, j
It was suggested by General Jcsup that they be sent j i
to Liberia. But there was too much public excite- ■<
ment upon the subject of slavery, m consequence j
of the agitation of the 21st rule for the exclusion !
of abolition petitions, to venture upon such a poh- ;
cy. It seems to have occurred to the Secretary of
War and Commissioner of Indian Affairs to prevail :■
upon the Indians to sell their interest to some m- ;
dividual, who would take possession of the slaves, \.
and^thus prevent their removal "West. About that
time Ma*. Wafson happened fa be in the city upon j
some business he had with the War Department, j
and oves-Hes were made to him to purchase the j
interest of the Creek warriors in these slaves .^It <.
appears from the evidence that he was not pie- :
pared to make the purchase, as he did not expect '
anything of the sort. He first ascertained, it
seems, from the Secretary of War, whether, if he
should purchase these slaves, that Department .
would give an order upon the officers having the ;
slaves in possession to deliver them up to the i
authorized agent of the Creek Indians. He was •
assured that if he should make arrangement with ,
the Creek warriors to purchase them, the War j
Department would give the order and have the j.
slaves delivered up to the authorized Agent of the !
Creek warriors. That matter being understood .
and arranged, he then put himself to work and :
obtained at some sacrifice §14.600, the purchase
money paid for the negroes. To rais&e that sum
he incurred, as he says, a responsibility of some
£17,000. He paid the purchase money to Cap- ;
tain Armstrong, the agent of the Cieek Indians, ■
with the consent of the Creek delegates. While I j
am upon this part of the subject, I will say, that the j
purchase money was carried to the Creek nation ;
and was there distributed amongst the Creeks en- <
titled to jt. The contract being concluded between j
Watson and the Creek delegates, the War Depart- j
ment, not foreseeing the difficulties of separating !
the Indians from the Seminoles, and not knowing 1
at the time that the Seminoles had been brought ,
into contact with the Indians at Fort Pike, gave j
orders directing the slaves to be delivered to u man ;
by the name of Collins, the authorized agent of the
-Creek warriors. Collins went to New Orleans and ,
demandedthenegroes. Someofthenegroes had been
previouslyattachpd,at the instance of a man by the ,
name of Love. A controversy took place between '
Love and General Gaines respecting some of the ne- 1
groes, which was dismissed, I think, but occasioned
some delay. When the Seminole Indians fuund •
that the officers navmg charge of their slaves were ,
directed by the Government at Washington to de- i
liver iheiri up to the agent of the Creek Indians, :
they manifested great excitement, and refused to
go West, unless their slaves were permitted to go
with them; they went so far as to say, that General
Jesup had promised them that if they would re-
move to the West, their slaves should go with them.
I have seen no evidence that such a promise was
made them by General Jesup, and I apprehend j
that it was a fabrication of the Indiana after failing
in with the slaves. Lieutenant Reynolds was
the officer who had charge of the emigrating Semi-
noles. He made an arrangement with Mr. Collins,
that if he would accompany him as far as Vicks-
burg, he might then devise some means to get the
Indians to consent to the delivery of the negroes. ;
They were not authorized, by their orders, to em- j
ploy force for that purpose. I am not disposed to !
censure the honest efforts of Lieutenant Reynolds, j
though Mr. Ooilinsseems to think he did notdo all j
he might have done for the delivery of the captured
slaves. The Indians would not consent to be sepa-
rated from their slaves before nor on their arrival
at Vicksburg, and the agent of the Creek warriors,
it seems, went as far as Port Gibson. At Little
Rock, before reaching Fort Gibson, Lieutenant
Reynolds asked the assistance of the Governor of
Arkansas to aid him m effecting a delivery of the
slaves, but the Indians seemed to be so excited
that the Governor refused to interfere at all, and
directed those concerned in their removal to get
them off as soun aa possible, apprehending there i
might be an outbreak or serious disturbance. !
When the Indians, with the negroes, readied Fort jj
Gibson, General Arbucklc, stationed there, found !i
it impossible to deliver the slaves without using Ij
force, which lie conceived to be impolitic, and >
which he was not authorized to do; and lie "
wrote back to the Department the reason why !j
he had not obeyed the orders. The slaves were
never delivered up, and the Government re- \[
fused to comply with its engagement with the ii
Creek \wunurs. jN"ow, Mr. Chairman, it is not ii
material to determine the value of the slaves, so :l
fur us the bill under consideration is concerned. l!
Genera! Watson was induced, tin ough the agency
of the Government, to advance his money to the \
Creek warriors, and relieve the Go\eminent; from 'J
the dinicuky in winch it was placed, by relieving i
it from the obligation it had entered into to deliver ij
the slaves to the Creeks, and having done that, he !'
is entitled, upon every consideration of justice and i.
honor, to at least that remuneration aufhoif&ed by '
thebill. Mr. Poinsett, then Secretary ot War, ■:
■ on the recommendation of the Indian agent, did i
not hesitate to recommend that the Government
should reimburse Mr. Watson for the money ad- '
, \anced by him to the Creek warriors.
I think it is apparent from the document to
which 1 have referred, and from a statement of 1
Judge Iverson, who happened to be here at the ,
; time, that a proposition was actually made to 1
; General Watson 'to purchase these slaves, i ask i
: for the reading of the statement of Judge Iverson, !
' which I send to the Clerk's desk. j
| The statement was then read by the Clerk, as j
, follows: J
> " Shoitlv after the return of the warriors compOiirty wh.it 1
1 w;i'- caik-d" the (-reek raiment enlisted !>y General Jesup in ;
to serve in the Flouda win a-jamst the -Seminoles, and
1 the removal or'said waniors, wi;!i their families to the deck ,
natio'i wvs-t, General Jam ess C Watson pnd luy&el! v'er. de-
puted, asontss from the Alabama cim^ratmgf r-ninpaii)
(who removed the Creeps under contract) to tae citv of ;
Washington, tortile up the account*, of said eumpauy with
! ti5,i fluvcrnnwnt. When we arrived m Washington. w
i found Gene lal Armstrong, Indian u^ent. in the eit>. with a '
' delegation of Creek chief*. A proposition was immediately ■
i inado to General Wan-on and myself, by Carey C. Hams,
1 Commissioner of Indian Aflans, to puichasc <i larae lor ot :
i negroes then claimed by the naid Creek legnncnt. and iepre- :
1 senled to he at the nine in the custody of the United State.*
I a! Foil (vinr, near New Orleans. The proportion was I
i declined by me, but i was pcrsonaUyaequam^ed with most
oi the faet^ and conversations- which oceuired between the 1
department, the Indian agent Armstiong. and General Wat-
son, and learned the following particulars : That the-?p ne-
1 fjioes had been captured in Florida by the Creek regiment,
' from the hostile tfeimnoie?; that a^ieeabiy to an agreement
made'vith -aid regmvvit by Gocrc! Je? up, they were to
have all the property of the ho^ules winch Uie\ eoufd^eap-
ture, and they eia'tned rhe-e negroes; that General Aim-
| ' troiu and the delegation in Washington bad authoiny to
! rh^po-'e of or ^eJl their elairu to thc^e Tiptoe-*; that the
1 Sernmoies v.h > !iad emigrated to the W^t were verj averse
to allowing fie-e iif<rroed go into the po^e-^ion <">f the
Cicekt- i 'he-, '.he Cruekc v,ere equal!) determined, when
thev arrived We-t, to seize them and ,~hbiect tnem re. jheir
own s-crvjeo. The War Department no^tehendfd that .je-
rio'!< dif'ictilly would giou out t>f tins euWhcti.-ez •'laiiii.
and tln.tar Cvould cnsu° bftv.-oen the Crs. oks and Semi-
noles m the eontei-t for die nepoes. It wasdecmcd bv the
Department prudent, and indeed nectary, to prevent
bloodshed and war between the two tribop, that the negroes
should not be sent to the West, but should be sold in the
United States. Hence the proposition from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affair* to General Watson, to purchase
the negroes. General Watson hesitated for several days,
but being urged by Mr. Harris, and assured that the negroes
would be delivered to his agent immediately, he consented
to buy them, and paid the puce fixed by the Commissioner
oi Indian Affaire, and General Armstrong, the agent. An
oider was issued from the Department, and an agent dis-
patched by Geneial Watson to New OrJeon?, to receive the
negroes. The (United States officers in charge of them re-
fused to deliver them ; they were transported to Fort Gib-
son and turned ovei to Geneial Arbuckle, as I have been
informed, and weie by him &unemiered to the Seminole
Indians, or turned loose and joined them; -so that they wore
wholly lost to General Watson. Given under my hand thij
iytli December, 1S5L ALFRKD IVERSON. 
Mr. Chmrman, heie is a letter from the Com-
miasionur of Indian Affairs, about that time,
winch lias some bearing upon that arrangement,
and corroborates that statement—if it is necessary
to corroborate ji statement «nade by Judge Iver-
son, with whom many of us are acquainted. This
bears date on the 5th day of May, 1838. That
letter was written probably about the time of the
overture made to General Watson, and in view of
it. The arrangement between Watson and the
Creek delegation was concluded on the 8th or 9th
of May, 1838—I think on the 8th. Here is ail-
other letter, dated May 9, 1838, after the arrange-
ment had been concluded:
War Department, ?
Office Indian Ai-fairs. May 9* 1s3s. £
Sir: The decision made a few days fcincej that the ne-
grooa caplurcd by the Cheek waniors in Florida should, in
compliance with the engagement of General Jesup, be rte-
liveied to the delegation now here, has been communicated
to them, with the intimation that when they had determined
what deposition would bo made of them, and communica-
ted information of the same to this Depaitmcnt, the noees-
s.ny oiders would be l-Mied. In a communication just re-
cei\cd from the delegation, they state they ha\e appointed
Nathaniel F- Collins, of Alabama, their attorney in fact, ti
receive the negroes. J have the honor to request that an
oider may be issued to the commanding officer at Fort
i'ike,to Major I-aac Clark at New Oilcans, to the com-
manding officer in Flonda, and to anv other officer who
may have chaige of them, to deliver to Mr. Collins all the
negroes m question. lie will, of course, hold them subject
to the lawful claims of all white persons. Abraham and his
family should be excepted, in consequencc of a promise
made'by General Jcs-tip. The officers should be instructed
to exercise due caution, so a^to deliver only tlr^e captured
by the (-reeks. If is proper to remark, that it appear* from
a letter received from Lieutenant Sloan, that these Indians
reiu-cd the olfeicd them, under the direction of
Gcneml Je^np, for their interest in these negroes.
Very respectfully, your rno-t obedient servant,
C. A. IIAilRiB, Co-mmissioyicr.
Captain S. Coopkr, JlUi-ia, Secretary of War.
Now, sir, the history of the case, us I have given
it, from the statement of Judge Iverson, the letters
■ ot' the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and lhe
orders which were issued for the delivery of the
slaves to the agent of the Creek warriors, shows
that one of our citizens, relying upon the fulfill-
ment by the Government of its engagement (o the
Creeks, advanced a large sum of money, wWA
| lie obtained at a great sacrifice, and thereby relieved
! the Government from a perplexing engagement,
and enabled it to carry out its policy of removing
the Indians %vestward, without hazarding the peace-
ful relations of the Seminole and Creek tribes;
and yet there are those, forsooth, who no'only
' turn a deaf ear, but strive to deft-it the proposition
i tfi refund the money advanced with interest, saying
nothing of the profits which might hare beer, real-
ized, had the Government fulfilled its engagements,
and large expenses incurred by General Watson
to get possession of the negroes, merely because
, the question of slavery is connected with the trans-
action. Such a determination can only he con-
sistent with the purpose to withhold the counte-
nance ar.d protection of the Federal Government
! from every transaction which may in any way
| relate to slavery. If there be a majority upon this
i floor who are disposed to place the Government
in that attitude, they con do so. If all who may
! be connected with sgjch transactions are to be
1 placed out of the pale of its protection, that fact,
startling as it may be, should be known. If, in-
stead of slaves, this transaction had related to any
. other species of property, (he gesitUman from Jfew
York [Mr. Sackf/ft] would not, T apprehend,
have raised the objections to lhe bill under consider-
ation which he has. I flatter myself, that if such
were the case, he would be one of the most stren-
*nous advocates of the Sulh but because he scents a
negro in the breeze, he takes the stampede, pricks
up his ears, and seems to start.
The gentleman charges this as ha.ving been a
speculation. That, it s<?ems to me, is altogether
