1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1525
ing the difference of psy between r-aptain's clerk |
and chaplain, for the time he performed the latter j
service; !
The petiiion of Sarah Sowers Carson, heir of !
Richard Soniers, who fell at Tripoli, in 1804; and >
The petition of Z. W. Potter, praying compen- i
sation for services rendered as /iavn! storekeeper I
at Valparaiso. I
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
certain Choctaw Indians, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a joilit resolution authorizing the !
examination of die claims of the Buoxi Bay In- ;
dians; which was read and passed to t*e second
reading. The report was ordered to 5it* nrin'ed. '
Mr, DORLAND, from the Committee on Pun- I
lie Lands, to which was referred a bill to author*- j
ize the correction of erroneous locations of mill- :
tary bounty land warrants, by actual Peltiers, in !
certain cases, reported the same with an amend- [
merit, and asked for its immediate consideration. 1
The Senate proceeded to conduct the bill as in ;
Committee of the Whole, and iherypoited amend- !
ment having been a.g.-etd to, the oil! was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to v/hifth was referred a motion to print the
memorial of John J. Palmer and others, citizens
of New York, reported in favor of printing so
much of the memorial as exhibits the amount of jj
the importation of bullion from California; which ;f
was agreed to. :j
He also, from the Committee on Commerce, j
who were instructed to inquire into rl.e expedi- [
ency of abolishing by law the ev.Mion m'twenty >'
cents per month from the wa^es or seamen and ;
others, and of continuing the present privileges* of
the matine hospitals, submitted a report: which j:
was ordered to he printed. '\
He also, from the same committee, to which I1
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives to authorize the issuing a register to the '
schooner Caroline, of Barnstable, reported it with- [j
out amendment. ' H
The Senate proceeded to consider the hd! as in /
Committee of the Whole, and. no amendment he- .■
ing made, it was read a thiid time a-*d passed, ;■
On
nv
REPOIIT HECOMI>iITT L1).
'*-n ^-f Mr. HAMLIN, it \i\js
:'..e Pot i
NocK, hf |
Or.Jerc.i, Thut the report of the Cvrntrnttee .u
Office ami Post Roads on the pennon of lovuh
recommitted to tb'* Co>n:n:Uce on the i*0:t Orf;e-
Hood*.
NA V A J* DRV-DOCICS.
Mr. GWLN, by unanimous conoent, :u-~ktd and
obtained leave to br ng in a joint re-solution joy the
nurchase of certain copies of a vvvrL on Na/.d
t)ry-Ducks; which v.vt> re-vl m. iirst .ir.d r< u
time by its title, and referred to r,he Committee on
the Library,
REGISTERS TO FOREIGN VESSELS,
Mr. HAMLIN submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration; winch was agreed to:
Resoh^d, That the Commuice on L'o.-uimtteo be dire<ne.i
to inquire into the exoudicncv of «o nltonn<r tho law n- to ■
authorize th« Secretary of the i'reastnv to isaue renter* j
to vessels buiit in a for'-s^n cou-itrv, wsen the snrne have 1
heen wrecked and ropurod m tin: U.iued f?nt<>, and (
where the amount of repair- 'Oiali be three fourths of the j
value of said vessel when so repaned. |
STEAMBOAT EXPLONfONS. |
Mr. DAVIS gave notice that he should to-rnor- I
row submit a motion to take up the hi!! to amend '
an act, entitled (i An act to provide for the better j
security of the lives of passengers on board of j
vessels pronelled in whole or in part by sfeam," j
Mr. GEYER also gave notice that he should i
at the same time propose certain amendments to |
the above-named bill; 'vhich were ordered to be j
printed. |
BILLS PASSED. j
The following ioinc resolution and bills were j
severally read a third time, and passed: I
Joint resolution for granting the site of the old !
Oglethorpe barracks to the City Council of Sevan- I
nah, Georgia, for a p&rdle ground; j
• -i r  '.evee across the i
to divet « it into j
Bill to provide for buiidm._
mouth of the river Ran Die.
False Bay;
Bi'l to authorize the Secretary of l*.ie Treasury
t.-  convey the right of way to the Cleveland and
Piti^bur^, and to the Cleveland. X^ainesville, and
Ashtabula- railroad companies, through certain
lands therein mentioned;
Bill for the relief of Thomas Flanagan; and
Bill for the relief of William Money.
PLANS ROAD IN MICHIGAN.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill granting to the State of Michigan the right of
way and a donation of land to aid in the con-
struction of a plank road from Grand river to
Montreal river, in said State.
The title of the bill having been amended to
re ad as shove, it was read a third time and passed.
NAVIGATION OF THE UPPSR MISSISSIPPI.
On the motion of Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the
Senate resumed, as in Committee of the Whole,
the cjnsideratson of the hill to improvt th*; navi-
gation of the Upper Mississippi.
Mr. DODGIC, of Iowa. Mr. President, I move
to refer the biil to the Committee on Commerce.
1 make this motion because the Senate, the other
day, decided in the case  *f the bill to repair the
Cumberland darn, on the Ohio, introduced by the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] that
it would not act upon billy of this character unless
they were reported upon by a committee. I feel
a deep interest in the passage of this bill, and hope
it will receive the early and favorable action of toe
Committee and Senate.
Ii w;-,s so referred.
BAM IN THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to suspend the
prior ordeisj, fur the purpose of acting upon the
hiii to pio\ide for Uip n oair and impro\*ment of
the d ii'i .it the head of Cumberland island, m the
Ohio iv.er.
Ths motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. CHASE. 1 move to amend the hill by
^tnkiujc out the words " repair and improve," <
and inserting the word "remove." This bill con- |
tenipl^ies an appropriation of ^50,00U for tiie re- '
{uur the Cumberland dam, in the Ohio river, 1
whi'-h is pretty well known to the navigators of!
iliat wtream. I recollect very we!!, when this i
matte)' wa« under consideration a yeni orlwou^o,
that tiie .Senator from Mississipfii, not now here,
(C(do;:I Jefferson Davis.) stated, us the result of j
a p^w>njd f-'xmnination of the position and con- I
structu-n of this dam, that its repair would prove >
a greater hmdjanceand obstruction of the imviy\x- ;
tioi. o  tUat river tua.n the entire removal of n 1
would i>£. At tiie time this oil!, or rather a sim- j
i'ar proposition oonnecttvl v/ifh the river and har-
hn- i > J -, wuq first introduced, 1 was in favor of it; 1
but Kin -e thai, period I have conversed a.£ood deal j
vVi.u (u'-s'ios tni^aip-d in the navigation of that |
riwr, .uid am perfectly satisfied that th.e o'ojec-;
lions ^r^ed by the Senator from Mississippi were
well founded, and that the existence of this dam i
in the river is a more serious obstruction than its !
remowi would be. The dam was constructed
under the authority of the Genera! Government, j
and, having cieated an obstruction to the navig.i- i
lion, the Government ou^ht to removeit. Itshould
not be repaired. We ouqht not to attempt a work |
which In Rubject, in consequence of the peculiar .
circumsiances of the river, to frequent and serious :
injury* und thus subject the Treasury to great |
expensefor repairs,especially when, whenever any |
portion of it isswent :uvay, an obhtruction will be ;
cieated altogether greater than the natural dificui- j
tics in the way of the navigation. It is for this
reason thut I have moved the amendment I have (
proposed, which I tiusr. wiT meet with the i.on i
curr*nre of the Senate.
uir. DAVIS. I dou'-'t v/hether the honorable
mumber from Ohio [Mr. CtiaseI has made him-
selffo'ij/ ncquninted with all the facts m rhisfu&e. ;
It is trre th;A this dam lies been constructed by !
the Government, but it was "ot piaccd m the Ohio '
river without application from those who are en-
gaged m navigating that nver; it v/as not placed
there without a supposition on the part of Con- j
screes that the work would be beneficial and useful
to the navigation of the river. Well, this, of
itself,, proves that there was an obstruction at that ,
6-vot io the navigation of the river-, there was a ■
want of water; the river spread itself out there io
a.i t)nus;aal width, and there was an island near '
the v>oi where the Cumberland river unites with i
the Ohio. The dam was built from that island to 1
the north shore, in order to turn tbe waters into
the south channel of the river, and thus sweep
away this bar which constituted the obstruction,
and which had been formed by the accumulation
of deposit from the Cumberland river. 1 believe
that it answered this purpose very well until it
save way. Will the Senator observe that while
I have not tlie particulars of an elaborate report
precisely in my mind, yet ! think I recollect suf-
ficiem of it to enable me to say, that, since the
conduction of that work, the obstacles originally
complained of on that side of the river have in-
creased ; the water is shallower, and there is really
uiorr -TVeftsity for keeping the south channel open
at thih moment than there was originally, previ-
ous to the construction of the work.
If 1 recollect the substance of the report made
on tin* subject by the Engineer Department, it is
substantially this: that the oniy mode of restoring
a convenient navigation, is to repair the dam.
The gentleman seems to suppose that the Govern-
ment is under some obligation to take this dam out
of the river. It was placed there by the wish and
request of those who navigated that river; hutstill,
if it is an obstacle to the navigation, f have no
particular objection to its removal at the expense
of the Government. I apprehend that the mem-
ber from Ohio is mistaken in his view of the sub-
ject, however, and that the people will come here
as soon *.s that dam is removed and ask to have it
replaced, because the depth of water is not suffi-
cient for purposes of navigation. Now, by corn-
pressing the water of the Ohio into the south
channel, which is the narrower one, that, uniting
with the waters of the Cumberland river, which
sweep through, carries the bar out of the way.
There is some formation below; but that must
be dealt with as well as you can. Similar forma-
tions occur in almost all cases where there are ob-
fitruc.fons of this sort. Uut I apprehend that if
the Senator will read the report of the engineer,
he wii! find that his mind was very clear on this
subject, a/id that he stated that the best mode of
removing the obstruction was to repair the old
dam.
Mr. DOWNS. ) entirely ooneui in the sugges-
tion made by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
that the proper mode of acting in this case is to
remove the dam entirely, i think the honorable
Senatur from Massachusetts,had he seen the spot,
had he passed over it, and Viewed the channel, as
ma  v others have who have' passed there, would
come to the same conclusion. The truth is, that
the purpose for which the dam was made has failed
entirely, and the br^t way to get clear of the ob-
htruot.on is to ivniovt* it. It has failed for this
iva-O'.: The obiect was to throw sufficient water
i Pr> the other channel to make it navigable for the
boa**. That has failed entirely, because it is so
far stopped up as to become an infinitely worse
channel than it formerly was. It is so much
stopped up, both above and below the mouth of the
Cumberland river, that I believe it has never been
used at all. Above the mouth, the one at which
the boots used to pass, even at low water, I be-
lieve now they never think of using it at low
water at all; and it seems to me that, both above and
below the mouth of the river, the channel is so
muchnlled upthat,evenifyoumakethedamanew,
; the original object never can be obtained of making
the channel around the other side. Nobody pre-
tends at low water to paes tlirough that channel.
It is not used at all. The only remedy is, to re-
move the dam, so that the channel where the dam
liOw is can be restored to what it was. Since that •
dam wn.s made materia) changes have taken place
in the channel on the other side of the river, which
have lessened it materially, ?>nd it seems to be en-
tirely filling up. Probably, if this obstruction
were removed the main channel would be on the
same side of the island where the dam now is. At
:-0y  a*e, I feei satisfied, so much has the channel
filled un, that if the dam were repaired to make
the chanij?! on the other side, you would have to
dig it up. I therefore think the proper course is
to remove the dam entire!y.
Mr, UNDERWOOD. I regret very much to
differ from my friend from Louisiana. lam, to
be cure, not a professional engineer: but I am in-
clined to think* that, if I had 'been brought up to
the bnninesis, 1 would have made a pretty good
one.
Mr. CASS. Arithmetically:
Mr. UNDERW00£>. Any lhtle maiheroascal
