mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1527
must soon take place. The river usually reduces
itself by the last of this month, so that this money
can then be most judiciously expended, if it is to
be expended at all. This reason is conclusive
upon the subject of immediate action, if you in-
tend to do anything. If you do not pass this bill
now, if you let it remain and wait for the general
appropriation bill, the whole season will have gone
by before the bill is passed. And then, when
the appropriation is made, you will have cold
weather and high water to encounter, and you
can do nothing until next summer. These "are
conclusive reasons why, if you intend to do any-
thing, now is the time. You ought not to post-
pone it, but act upon it, for these reasons, sep-
arate and apart from the general appropriation
bill.
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. BUTLER suggested that an Executive ses-
sion would be desirable to him.
Mr. HALE said he had no desire to tiespass
now on the time of the Senate, and would there-
fore give way for an Executive session.
Mr. SHIELDS moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
Mr. RUSK suggested that it would be better to
recommit the bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. UNDERWOOD hoped tlie bill would not
be postponed indefinitely. If it were postponed
until to-morrow, or laid on the table temporarily,
it could be taken up at any time; whereas an in-
definite postponement would kill the bill.
Mr. SHIELDS said his only object was to as-
certain what provision might be made by the
House for this purpose. He therefore withdrew
the motion to postpone indefinitely, and moved to
lay the bill on the table, so that it could be taken
up at any time.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BUTLER. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Executive business. I
have received a communication from the State j
Department, which, perhaps, makes it absolutely !
necessary that I should submit that motion. I
The motion was agreed to. j
After some time spent in the consideration of.
Executive business, the doors were reopened— j
And the Senate adjourned, i
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 7, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan. j
INDIGENT INSANE.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order '
is the consideration of House bill No. 76, making
a grant of land to die several States of the Union
for the benefit of indigent insane persons. ;
Mr. RICHARDSON. There are various bills j
upon the Speaker's table reported from the Com- |
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, in [
relation to the Territories. I propose to take !
them up and pass them, if there be no objection, j
If there be any objection, I intend to move a sus- |
pension of the rules upon each one of them. }
The SPEAXvER. The gentleman will recollect j
that we are now acting, for one hour at least, un- I
der a special order. . J
Mr, RICHARDSON. Is it not in order to j
move a suspension of the rules at any time on i
Monday? i
The SPEAKER. It is not, in the opinion of [
the Chair, so long as the House is acting upon a j
special order, growing out of a suspension of the
rules. We must dispose of one suspension, before
we can make another. j
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Chair or myself
does not understand the question before the House.
Is this a proposition which was introduced und$r
a suspension of the rules, in its present stage?
The SPEAKER. It was admitted under a sus-
pension of the rules, and was made a special order
under that suspension.
Mr. RICHARDSON. What is the proposition
under which it was introduced?
The SPEAKER. It is that one hour shall be
devoted to the reception of reports from commit-
tees—one each morning until all the committees
shall have been called through; and this was
adopted on a resolution introduced and passed un-
der a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What becomes of
the resolution of my colleague, [Mr. Harris,] pro-
posing to fix the day for our final adjournment?
Does that come m at the end of the hour?
The SPEAKER. That will be the first busi-
ness in order at the end of the morning hour, and
it will be the unfinished business. j:
Mr. JONES. When that is disposed of. will it '1
j be competent for the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. !j
j Richardson] to call up his territorial business? l!
| The SPEAKER. It will. j,
l Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire if the bill which jj
j has been postponed until to-day, comes necessa- -i
j rily in the morning hour? i!
The SPEAKER. It belongs to the business of !!
I the morning hour. It v/asTa repoit from the ;
| Committee ort Public Lands, admitted under the j
; special order assigning one hour for the rertp- '
j tion of reports. Its consideration was, by unani-
: mous consent, postponed until this morning, and
; a motion to recommit is now pending.
; Mr. JONES. But suppose we had got through j
with the call of committees, it would not come*m ]
■ then. It was postponed to this day, and the !
] postponement took it out of the morning hour. I
j The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the i
j consideration of the bill should be confined to the |
I morning hour. It would be ci new proposition if
j the morning hour had been disposed of.
| Mr. JONES. I think the postponement would 1
j certainly take it out of the morning hour, if we !
1 had passed on to other business.
j The SPEAKER. The Chair replies again to 1
j the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes,] that !
I even if the special order in relation to the morn- '
; ing hour was exhausted, this bill being a report
! from a committee, and postponed until to-day,
| would be confined to the regular morning hour;
! and, under any view, the Chair stales, as his
i opinion, that it belongs to the morning hour for
I this day.
I Mr. ORR. Will it be in order to move to re-
i commit this bill to the Committee of the Whole
| on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is to
recommit it to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion, therefore, will be in order.
Mr. ORR. I move that the bill be recommitted
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANLY. I desire, at this stage of the
proceedings, that some definite action upon the
part of the House shall be token in regard to this
i bill. It was so often discussed at the last Con-
gress, and its character is so well known, that I
do not purpose to consume the time of the House
It is because we have so many speeches madeunon
the presidential election, and upon questions
wholly irrelevant to the matter before us. It is
because we do not come up to the work the coun-
try expects us to do, and do it in the manner in
which it should be done, if we shall perform the
labor we should perform—(and I do not eay that
the gentleman from North Carolina has failed to
do it to a greater extent than others—my remarks
are applicable to all of us as a body,)—if we attend
to the public business as we ought to do, we shall
reach all the bills on the various calendars, and
accomplish all the necessary business before us,
and we can easily do it in less than six weeks. It
will no more endanger the passage of a bill, or
interfere with its progress in the various stages
through which it has to pass to become law, than
if we should pass it on the report of the committee
that brings it into the House. It is proper that
we should understand this, and that the country
should understand it. These measures should all
fake their proper course, and be examined and
amended in committee, otherwise we had best
abolish the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. I do not wish to singie out this or
any other measure, and give it'time which the
rules say shall be jriven to the consideration of
other bills or propositions.
Mr. POLK I call the gentleman from Alabama
to order for irrelevancy.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will put into
writing his question of order. [Laughter.] The
question before the House, the Chair repeats, is
to commit this bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I intend to vote to refer this
bill according to the rules of this House. I think
we ought to do it, and then I intend voting, as I
have endeavoied to do during the whole of the
session, to take up the Calendar until we transact
the business of the country, and vote to bring
these endless, irrelevant, and unprofitable debates
to a conclusion at the earliest day; to confine the
debates withm proper, legitimate bounds; and if
the House will sustain me, we will act upon all
these bills, and then get away from here in less
than six weeks. I hope the House will aid me in
pressing forward the public business and go home.
I do not believe, therefore, that we hazard the
i passage of this bill if we refer it to the Committee
| of the Whole on the state of the Union. It does
! not hazard the passage of any bill to put it on that
; Calendar; and if it does, it is because we do not
! do our duty to the country.
1 Mr. B1SSELL. Two weeks aa;o this bill waa
. before the House. It had been before the House
' at two different times within the last two years in
substantially the same form. It was the desire of
now in its discussion. The bill explains itself. :! the friends of the bill, at that time, to put it at
It has been already sanctioned by a large majoritv
of the American people, and I only desire now
that the yeas and. nays shall be taken as a test
question. If it should go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, there will it
rest for the remainder of the session. I will be
satisfied with any action the House may take
upon it; and I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk, upon looking to
the pending motion, corrects his first belief, that it
was to recommit this bill to the Committee on
Public Lands. The pending motion, when this
question was last under consideration, was to re-
commit it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. That is the first proposition
to be voted upon by the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to what, has been
said by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly,] and which has been very often said by
others during this session, that the committal of a
bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, is the death of the bill, I wish to pre-
sent a remark, and that is, if gentlemen pursue the
course that is now being urged by my friendfrom
North Carolina, the course which has been pur-
sued by the Committee on Public Lands—to put
all of their bills, as amatrer of course, upon their
passage, and thereby consume all of the time of
the House—as a matter of course, then, all bills
that are in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, will either have to remain
there, or they will run a great hazard of not
being reached. Why is it that the committal of
a bill to thai committee endangers its passage?
once upon its passage, as it was considered, in the
j estimation of neaily all the friends of the bill, that
' to refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
| state of the Union was equivalent to its defeat.
! But as there were gentlemen who had not time to
examine the bill since it had been reported by the
Committee on Public Lands, it was suggested by
them that it should be postponed for two weeks,
in order that they might give it such examination.
The two weeks .have passed by, and the bill is
again before us; and I trust now thai it will be the
pleasure of all those gentlemen who do not desire
to defeat this most excellent measure, to vote to
put it upon its passage; and in order that that may
be done, I appeal to the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Hall,] the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, to withdraw the motion he made to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in order that it may at once be
put upon its passage.
Mr. HALL. I withdraw the motion I made to
recommit this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Missouri did not make the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BISSRLL. Yes, he did.
Mr. JONES. I understood the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Staxly] to have made that
motion.
Mr. STANLY. No, sir; the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hall] made it.
Mr. BISSELL. Before I sit down, Mr.
Speaker, I think IVnall discharge my duty to the
country, and do what is right towards this bill.
