2392
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
aend-
Ih'jiart-
' head of
appoint-
Mr. BRADBURY. I rise to another question
of order, and that is, whether this, being strictly
u private claim—supposing that there is any claim
at nil—can be attached, under the rule, to a gen-
eral appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides that the amendment is not in order. It is
not permitted under the rule.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The amendment was ruled
in order last evening, because it does not propose
a new appropriation, but merely a partial dsspo- j
sition of an appropriation already made. It is to i
come out of the $500,000 appropriated for build-
iner the winsfs of the Caoitol.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There can be
no discussion on the question, unless the Senator
from Pennsylvania appeals from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 think my amendment is
in order, but I will not appeal from the decision of
t\ie Chair. I
Mr. RUSK. I desire to offer an amendment, i
In pa?e fifty-live, line eleven, after the words " pa-
tent." insert the following: ;
And the sauio pur cent, or additions! compensation r.hall i
hp paid to the clerks aikl employees in the Washington I
cstv post office. j
This amendment gives twenty per cent, addi- j
honal pay to these employees. j
The amendment was agieed to. !
Mr. RUSK. T have another amendment: J
for the iPmpoinr) employment of additional clerks m ;
tho Auditor's Ofhoe o{ the Tieasiny, lor the l*or>t Office ■
Department to complete \lui postmasters' comin^i-jons, !
lendeied necessary by Uio act oi Congress jcducinj the i
rate.- of postage, #0.000. ;
The amendment was agreed to. !
Mr. RUSK. 1 desire to offer anoihei
nient:
\ud tliat the Second Auditor of the Tiea-uiy
Hj". ut i-tiiill be allowed a yalaiv equal to thai o> t!i
any otliei buieau. to commence fiotn and nltei hi;-.
ment to office.
{So that the whole olauwc will read: j
"'For eonipen.-^tion oi the Seiond Auditoi, <iiul the 1
clerks, mos^eimers and a-sistuut mOhsen.'ioi- m his office, ;
,>M,800; and that the Second Auditor o{ the Treasury De-
pariment ^hall be allowed <> feal.ny equal to that of the head j
of any oihet bui  au, to rommencc from and aftej his ap- •
pointment to otiiee." ;
Mr. HUNT bill. 1 think that we have not time !
now to go into this question of the deficiency of
salaries. Tho scale now m existence contains '
many inequalities, and is a subject of much com-
plaint; but we have not time to take it up now.
Wp propose to take it up next .session, and en-
deavor to fmni some general system.
Mr. RUSK. 1 do not wish to detain the Sen-
ate, but I think th U if I make a very short state-
ment there will scarcely be a dissenting' voice to
the amendment. 1 have had a Ions: personal ac-
quaintance with the Second Auditor, who is the
object of this amendment, and 1 can speak of my
own knowledge of his skill and usefulness as a
public officer/ When he commenced his duties,
there was a lar^e amount of business gi owing out
of the Mexican war m on unsettled state m that
office; forty-five clerks were employed then, and
for some time past; the annual appropriation for
the pay of clerks was then -$51,057; now the
business has been all brought up, the number of
clerks has been reduced to twenty-five, mn'-v:g a
saving of some $40,000 or $50,000 to the Govern-
ment, and this year the appropriation will prob-
ably be only ^,34,800. 1 believe it is the only in-
stance within my knowledge, in the history of
this Government, of a diminution, instead of an
increase, m the expenses of the olfiee and the
number of clerks employed; but although ivs is
the cavse, the business of the office is prompt iy and
well done, as I believe every one who h-js husi-
•ness connected with it can testify. 1 do ho;'? that
there will be no objection on the parr of the Senate
to this amendment.
Mr. HUNTER, ! understand that th?busi
ness of that Department is diminishing:, and that
the large amount of business which accumulated
there, grew out of the Mexican war. However,
I shall not sny anything to dispel .-t«e the abilities
of the Second Auditor. X wdl merely pay that the
Senate should remember that there are o'her pub-
lic officers who a^L* for an increase of nay;a-~.d that
it is scarcely right to take any step Which would
bear the appearance of inequality of tmit merit.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not suppose that it is
no ; to say a single word in advocacy of this
proposition. My experience of theskill, prompt-
ness, and extraordinary capability and fidelity of
the officer referred to, prompts me to express a
hope that it will be passed without a dissenting
voice.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move further to amend the bill,
by striking out the following words:
For the completion of the light-house of tho third class
at Red Fish Bar, Galveston Bay, Texas, §501),"
—and insert:
For the construction of thiee light-houses in Clalveston
Bay, to wit: one at the head of Red Fish Bar, one at Half
Moon Skoal, and one atOlopper's Bar, to be respectively of
the fourth, fifth, and sixth order, in lieu of three light houses
provided for in the appropriation bill of Match 3, 1851,
$5,000.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senator will withdraw
that amendment. I understand that the House of
Representatives has adopted a new policy in refer-
ence to light-houses, and that there will be a gen-
eral bill before the Senate on the subject; and when
that bill comes up, the amendment of the Senator
from Texas can be put into that bill.
Mr. WELLER. 1 understand that the Senate
Committee on Commerce have unanimously rec-
ommended the rejection of this light-house bill,
and it will therefore be necessary to act upon the
amendment of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. PRATT. But it may be that the Senate
will not concur in the report of the committee, and
the bill may be passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say, that whatever
may be the action of the Senate in regard to the
adoption of that system, it will not preclude ap-
propriations from being made for light-houses.
This, however, is the first time I ever heard of a
, civil and diplomatic appropriation bill being made
into a light-house bill.
i Mr. RUSK. I did not make the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill a light-house bill. The
appropriation was in the bill as it came from the
; House of Representatives, and I desired to amend
, it. I withdraw the amendment, however> for the
| present.
' Mr. MANGUM. I move to amend the item
! making an appropriation for clerk hire, &c., for the
j completion of the census, $50,000, by adding:
i < )ut of' which the Superintendent of the Census shall re
' com; ^3,000 pci annum.
I It will be remembered that this matter was fully
I discussed some time ago. The Senate at that time
| obviously acted under a misapprehension that the
, Superintendent claimed two salaries. He never
' did claim them. He has received that sum hith
I erto, and 1 only ask that it may be continued.
Mr. BORLAND. I have no particular objec-
tion to that amendment, but it was my purpose
to strike out the whole appropriation, on the
ground that no necessity exists for it now. I dis-
like to occupy the time of the Senate by entering
into a discussion; but 1 will say that there are cir-
cumstances connected with this matter which
should be known to the Senate and the country.
I repeat that I have no particular objection to this
amendment per se, nor to the receipt of this in-
crease of salary by the person for whose benefit it
is proposed; but I am opposed to the whole ap-
propriation, and I may as well make my remarks
on it now as at any other time. I intend, sir, to
move to strike out the whole ofthis appropriation
of ^50,000 from the bill; and if it be in order—
though I presume it will not.be—1 will make that
motion now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order to discuss or make any motion affecting
the original proposition. The consideration of
the Senate must now be given to the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Man-
gum.]
Mr. BORLAND, Then I will wait for an-
other opportunity.
Mr. DAVIS. "What is to become of thecensus
bill already passed, which was designed and in-
tended to give a salary of$3,000 to this individual?
If this amendment should pass, it will be an addi-
tional appropriation for the same object.
Mr. MANGUM. Not at all. The bill to
which the Senator from Massachusetts refers is
now pending in the House of Representatives,
and there is no probability that it will be acted
upon.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was rejected
Mr. CLARKE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the second section, which provides for an
increase of the salaries of certain clerks, by insert-
ing the words—
And also the clerks in the city post office.
It will be seen that in this section provision is
made for an increase of pay to the clerks in the
various Departments of the Government. It is
hardly necessary to say a single word in support
of this amendment, for it is well known that there
are no persons in the employment of the General
Government that are so constantly in the exercise
of duty as those persons who are engaged in the
city post office.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would remind the Senator from Rhode Island that
these persons have been provided for by an amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Texas.
Mr. CLARKE. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I made an effort on a former
occasion to include in the provision providing for
extra pay to the clerks and others employed under
the Government in this city, those who are em-
ployed in the arsenal and navy-yard. I propose
to insert in the second section the words " and the
arsenal and navy-yard." That part of the section
will then read;
"Jfhat the clerks, messenger*, watchmen, aid iaboier?.
employed at an annual salary, or m tempoiaiy positions iu
the executive and legislative department's of tho Govern-
ment, and the arsenal and navy-yard in the city of Washing-
ton," &c.
The section, if thus amended, will include the
clerks, messengers, watchmen, and laborers in
these two branches also with the others. It is not
nccessaryforme to say that the same causes which
rendered this increase of pay necessary in the one
case are equally operative in the other.
Mr. BRODHEAD. When i proposed a sim-
ilar amendment in regard to thelahorers employed
on the wings of the Capitol it was ruled out of
order. I think this is precisely a similar case to
mine, and I ask that we may have a similar decis-
ion in regard to it.
Mr. GrWIN. It is only to give a fair compen-
sation to these men. I hope the amendment will
be adopted.
Mr. SHIELDS. All I ask is, that men perform-
ing similar duties m the same city may be put
upon the same footing. I think we ought not to
have special and partial legislation. I do not
know that I would have undertaken the responsi-
bility of recommending any such increase of pay
generally; but as it has been determined upon in
some cases i think we should deal equally and
fairly with all. '
Mr. PRATT. I propose to add to that amend-
ment these words:
And the workmen employed on th<* public buildings.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope that the Senate will
not agree to the amendment of the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.] I object to these
sweeping propositions for additional compensation
to " all creation and the rest of mankind." The
effect will be to suck the last dollar out of the
Treasury.
Mr. PRATT. It was precisely my object to
bring in " the rest of mankind." " All creation"
was already provided for.
If the clerks in the Departments, and the people
employed in the arseticd and navy-yard are to
be taken care of, I see no reason why the working
men on the public buildings should be neglected.
I am in favor of that sound Democratic doctrine
which entitles all to equal favor from Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Thatis right. 'That is
right.
Mr. PRATT. I repeat that all classes in the
employment of the Government should be put on
the same footing; and for that icason, I hope my
amendment will be carried.
Mr. CLARKE. I am a democrat by birth, a
democrat by education, a democrat by practice, a
democrat in principle; I have lived a democrat,
and I will die a democrat, so that no man can
fillibustier beyond me in that sort of regard for
"the rights of the people" for which he does not
carea snap of his finger. I have as much regard
for the working man as any one. I was one of
that class. I was a laborer myself.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. On the Capitol:
Mr. CLARKE. No, sir; on a capital infinitely
more interesting to me. On my own capital, and
