616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 20,
August, 1836, between the United States on the I West. But from the time they were captured as
one part, and that high contracting party, the |j prisoners by the Creeks, they passed into the
Greek Indians, upon the other. (Laughter.! Here |i hands of the Government for the time being,
the Creek3 have, amongst other "plunder," a i| Now, that is the precise position of the case. If
chief—one that has been crowned—the first war- jj "Watson did not buy these negroes, who did buy
rior known to the tribe; the husband of a widowed U th«m ?
Q.ueenJ [Laughter.] He'was friendly to the United
States. That was no doubt after he-was conquered.
But I have not time to dwell farther upon this part
of the case.
But I will refer the committee to a little more
evidence. This treaty took place between the
Seminole Indians and the United States. I will
read the fifth and sixth articles. The fifth article
of the treaty is as follows:
"Major General Jesup, in behalf of the United States,
agrees thai the Seminoles and their allies, who come m and
emigrate to the West, shall be secure in their lives and
property ; that their negroes, their bona fiJe property, shall
accompany them to the West; and that th«ir cattle and
them ?
What is the law with regard to warrantee title
to real estate ? The maxim is, caveat emptor. If
you want a warrantee you must ask for it in youc
deed. But not so with personal property: a man
who sells personal property warrants that he is the
owner of the property, and has a right to sell; if
it turns oat otherwise, he is responsible over to
his vendee. So m this case, the Creeks, not the
United States, are responsible to the heirs of Gen-
eral Watson. Now, as I said before, if these per-
sons were property—were "plunder "—then they
were legally purchased by the Creeks of the
United States, by virtue of the contract with
ponies shall be paid for by the United States, at a lair va!u- j j General Jesup; hut I deny thai slaves are prop-
ation'" 1 erty or 6'plunder," either in legal or common par-
lance, except in certain localities, by mere police
regulation. They are called property in some
States,personal property, and,I believe,in others,
real estate—for the sake of convenience.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the gentleman if he will
give way in order to enable me to submit the mo-
tion, that the committee do now rise >
Mr. HOWE. I will give way for that pur-
pose.
The motion was then put and carried m the
affirmative.
Th e committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman [Mr. Dis-
ney] reported that the Committee o!' the Whole
House hiid, according to order, had under consid-
eration various bills which they had instructed
him to ieport to the House with the recommenda-
tion that they do pass. They had also had under
consideration House bill No. 97, which they had
instructed him to report back to the House' with
the recommendation that it be recommitted to the
! Committee on Naval Affairs; also Senate biil No. 1
42, which they had instructed him to report bin k
to the House with the recommendation 'that it be !
committed to the Committee on Private Laud
Claims. i
Mr. POLK. I move that when this House ad- i
journs it adjourn to meet on Monday next, i!
make the motion for the reason that it is the pur-
pose of Congress to celebrate the birthday of the
Father of his Country.
Several Members. Oh! let's adjourn till Tues-
day.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend the mo-
tion by inserting "Tuesday " instead of " Mon-
day. "
Mr. POLK. I accept thai amendment.
Mr. DANIEL. Upon that motion 1 demand
the yetis and nays.
A Member. Ihe celebration is to take place
on Saturday.
Mr. POLK.
' Art. 6. That the expenses of the movement West shall
be paid by the United States."
The treaty was consummated the 6th day of
March, 1837, by which the United States minister
plenipotentiary, General Jesup, stipulated that the
Seminoles should have all their negroes, their
slaves—their bona fide property, as the expression
is—and it shall be taken west of the Mississippi.
Mr. DANIEL. Will the gentleman allow me
to correct him? Is not he aware that there were
other negroes owned by the Seminoles than those
captured by the Creek Indians >
Mr. HOWE. I stated that there were two or
three invoices here.
Mr. DANIEL. I stated that there were some
two_or three hundred of these negroes.
Mr. HOWE. I find that there are three several
invoices; now the great question is, which of these
three invoices the claim is based upon ?
Mr. GIDD1NGS. Will the gentleman permit
mc to explain? Gentlemen do not seem to com- i
prebend these documents. The invoice which my
friend has just read included all the slaves and free
negroes captured in 1636 and 1837; afterth.it the
other invoices were made out, but this includes
all captured during these two years of the war in
which the Creek's were employed. There were
one hundred and three at the time this invoice was
made out.
Mr. DANIEL. I will direct the attention of
the gentleman to the positive statement o'f the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. The number cap-
tured by the Creeks, and claimed by them, was
between sixty and seventy. The number having
then been reduced by sickness to that.
Mr. HOWE. The report says one hundred
and three.
Mr. DANIEL. Yes; hut they were reduced to
that by sickness.
Mr. HOWE. Well, 1 intend to ari^ue this as
fairly as any other question in the world, for I do
not know how .soon I may be a ,.nsoner of war j■ Mr. POLK. I understand the celebration i* to
myself, and I shall desure to be treated fairly when ji take place on Satmday. I therefore adhere to my
lam taken prisoner. I think I should make a ordinal motion to adi nun till Monday
very^poor rie-ro-Uaughlerj-jshive. ;i Mr. DANIEL demanded the yeas and nays;
ISovv, I say distinctly, and I do not. wish to be ,, but only nine gentlemen rising, they were not
misunderstood, that this number was greatly re- ordered.
duced by death and by disease. The number was '( Mr. FLORENCE. I move to amend by stri-
about sixty or seventy, as nearly as 1 can make ,, king out "Monday" and inserting "TuesVlay."
the calculation, who were actually living at the ,, I will remark that most of the celebrations occur
time the gentleman was making such a desperate u on Monday
effort to bring them into his possession That is ji Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But not those in
what I meant ..o say, and Uut is what I affirm to this city.
be a fact. Now the first question to be nscer- : Mr. FLORENCE. 1 notice that several mem-
a.ned is, were th- ne-roes actually there, or were : hers of the House are to speak at celebrations in
they negroes at all? Ihe next question is. were |i other places to be held on Monday, and i think it
they slaves at tnat tune, to be treated as slar,^. or !: w ii'oper to adjourn, that one, or two chys even,
. iiy or sixty to betaken from him. The
decision of the court was against him, and it was
taken up to another tribunal, -where that decision
was reversed, and they were decided to be prison-
ers of vrar: and while they were prisoners of war 1
tney were not to he sold as slaves, nor were they •
( and tellers upon the yeas and nays, upon the i;
: amendment; which were not ordered. ]
The question then recurring on the amendment
to insert " Tuesday " in the place of "Monday,"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers;
which were ordered; and Messrs. F.iwlcb, ar.d
That doeienotapp!yeto :i St^tov ofTcnne***, were :lPro':^«!
. , .. ,T •. , t,' ■■    Now, what ;
on, the hni-eu States agree further to do ? She
agreed to lemove mem to the West. Rvthe treaty :
with these Indians, the United Statcs'was to re- '
move their slaves—'"their honaJOt slaves"—to the '
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes S7, noes 43.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. JONES. I now ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion as amended.
| Mr. STANTON. They have already been
i refused.
| Mr. JONES. The gentleman is mistaken.
1 They have not been refused on that motion as
I amended.
i The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
I gentlemen that discussion is not in order,
j Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order,
j It is, that it is.not in order to call forthe yeas and
I nays. The original proposition was offered by
j the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. 3?olk,] and
I the yeas and nays called for, and refused. The
! amendment was then adopted, and the yeas and
i nays were refused upon that amendment." So.that
| the yeas and nays have been refused upon both
' propositions.
' The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
■ not been refused upon the proposition as it now
| stands.
! Mr. STANTON. I make another point of
j order. It is, that this motion is one which cannot
| properly be amended. They are two independent
motions, and you must put "the question upon the
i longest time first.
! Air. JONES. That is not a question of order;
it is a constitutional question.
The question was then taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were, upon a division
of the House, ayes 35, noes 112.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I move that this House do now
adjourn.
[Cries of " No!" " No !"]
The SPEAKER. On a motion to adjourn to a
particular day, a motion to adjourn is not in order.
They are both privileged motion?.
The question wtts then taken upon the adoption
of the motion of adjournment as amended, and
there were—yeas 96, nays G2; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aborerombie, Aiken, Willi,un Appldton,
A>)ie, Rabcuck, Bnrrere, Beale. Bell, Bennett, Bowie. John
II. Go>ri. Brook:*, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Busby, E. U.
Cube] I, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell. Oartteri Chas-
• taut, Clmgiaan, Cobb, Conger, Cum*. Dran, Dwiev, Dun-
, can, livans Ewiug, Floiencr, freeman, HemvM. Fuller,
' Gambl", Gujiord, Gentry, Gihnore, Goo«ieno^\ If nil. Ilam-
! mond, Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Haven, Floijrid-u-. T.
Y. How, Jneersoll, .Jenkins, James Johnson, John John-
son, Robert W. Johnson, Kuhns, >Ia«on, McNair, IVIc-
( Queen, Meade, Milif-r, Miner, John Moore, Morehead.
, Morrison, Murphy, Nabers, Orr. Outlaw, Samuel W. Par-
; ker, Polk, Porter, Powell, Riddle, Saekett. Savage, Scher-
i inerhora, Schoolcraft, Scudder, David L. Seymour, Smart,
! Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander II. Ste-
i phens, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Ta\Ior,
Thurston, Toombs, Venable. Wallace, Walsh, Ward
Watkinf, Wells, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yate —96.
NAYS—Me«sr«. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, Allison,
Averett, Dcivid J. Bailey, Harriett, Biuckeuudge, Bmuon
Joseph Cable, Ca^kie, Chandler, Churclnvell, Cleveland'
Colcock, Daniel, John G. Davis, Doty, Diirkee, Eastman'
Edgerton, Faulkner, Fickhn, Fiteh, Powler, Giddin«>'
Grow, Hamilton, Jshai.i G. Hams, Hawaii, Hehnrd, Iien-
; driclis, Houston, John W. Howe, Tvpp, Jackson, Andicnv
I Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Ceorire G
, King, Edward C. .Marshall, McDonald, Meacham, Millson,
l Molony, Newton, Andrew Parker, Perkino, Phelps. Price
. Robbnis, Schoornnaker. Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Bon-
- jam in Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stratton, Townshend,
Walbiidge, Washburn, Welch, Wildnck and Woodward—
62.
So the motion as amended was adopted, and the
House determined that when it adjourns, it. will
adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
[Mr. BELL stated that Mr. Hunter and JVir.
Horsford were detained from the House by in-
disposition.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked the unan-
imous consent of the House tu take from the
Speaker's table .i communication from the Secre-
tary of the Jnterior, co\ering an estimate of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs of expenses ap-
pertaining' to the Omaha Indians now in this city.
It is important that the communication should be
taken up nnd referred.
Air. SEYMOUR, of New York. I believe
there are other communications also "upon the
Speaker's table, which should be disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is highly important that
the communication which 1 have referred to should
be taken up and disposed of, and that the appro-
priation therein recommended should be mode im-
mediately, as it is costing heavily, every d?iv. to
support these Indians here. That we should en-
deavor to avoid. I move that we proceed in the
business upon the Speaker's table.
Ti lere being no objection,
EXECUTIVE MESSACES,
The Speaker laid before the House a comntnni-
