1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2393
if I had no more than my own, I should have
failed long since and gone into liquidation.
We have made provision by law for building
two monstrous structures, the very outside of
which is an enormity, the inside of which will be
an abortion, and the totality of which will be a
fatal blow to anything like public decency and
public taste in this country. [Laughter.] You
nave appointed an architect, somebody has ap-
pointed a superintendent, and somebody else has
appointed another officer who figures as a sub-
superintendent; and these officers have invited a
number of mechanics and laboring men to come
here, and have given them employment on the
extension of the Capitol. There is no provision
by law to regulate the wages of these men. The
superintendent pays them just as much as he
chooses, after making a deduction, which is re-
served for some especial object; and now you pro-
pose to make an addition to the wages of these
men without ascertaining what rates are now paid,
and not even excepting those who came at the
eleventh hour, and who have not borne the heat
and toil of the day! Why, sir, if you pass this
proposition, and grant an additional remuneration
to that man who stipulated that he should receive
a dollar per day for his work, he will remain lost
in astonishment at a degree of beneficence on the
part of the Government, which utterly passes his
comprehension ! I think that there is no l^ces-
sity shown by the Senator from Maryland, and I
do not think that it is a fair amendment. Those
persons working at the arsenal and the navy-
yard, to whom it is proposed, by the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] to grant an increase of
compensation, must bring to the execution of their
task a large amount of mechanical skill, and no
inconsiderable degree of knowledge and science;
and if it should be apparent that an increase of
pay is essential for their maintenance and comfort,
what reason is there that we should go abroad
into the streets and call on all men to come to us,
as we are ready to grant them a bonus in addition
to what they conceive to be the true value of then-
labor? The cost of these buildings will be suffi-
ciently large without adopting any such extra-
ordinary means to drain the Treasury; for I will
mention to gentlemen a fact with which they may
not be acquainted—that although the estimates
make the probable expense appear something like
$3,000,000, the Architect himself says that it will
not be less than $6,000,000.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to know whether these
laborers are not engaged under a contract made by
the superintendent?
Mr. PRATT. I would state to the Senator
from Mississippi, that I have offered this amend-
ment in accordance with a petition signed by these
laborers. A committee of their number, deputed
by them, waited on my colleague and myself, and
presented their memorial, asking for extra com-
pensation. This amendment is offered in accord-
ance with that memorial.
Mr. ADAMS. 1 have not had an answer to
my question. I asked whether the superintendent
does not make his contract with these laborers,
and whether he has not power to increase their
compensation, if he should think proper11
Several Senators. Certainly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 do not know why the la-
borer is not entitled tQ increase of pay as much as
the clerks and other employees of the Government.
The unusual price of provisions in this city, cer-
tainly renders it as necessary in their case as in
that'of the clerks that they should have larger
pay. The argument urged for this increase in re-
card to clerks and messengers, applies with much
greater force to the laborer and mechanic, for we
all know that a much greater proportion of their
earnings has to go for the necessaries of life than
that of the clerks, who receive higher pay. If
this is not a sound argument in favor of increased
pay to the laborer, it certainly shows that the
whole thing is wrong. I hope that amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. WELLER. A very short answer to all
this argument in favor of the laborer is, that the
contractors who employ these laborers have the
power to increase their pay whenever they choose;
but the head of a Department who employs clerks
has no such power. The salary of each clerk is
rixed; and let his merits be what they may, the
head of a Department has no power to reward
them. He is in no better position than the most
idle or inefficient, and in this respect has no induce-
ment to put forth his energies, It is not so with
the laborer. To him competition is open, and he
can at all times find the value of his labor.
Mr. SHC1ELDS. The object of my amendment >
is to increase the pay of those whose salaries are 1
regulated by law. 1 take it for granted that the
superintendent has the power, whether you legis- ♦
late in regard to this matter or not, to increase the
pay of these men, according to their merits and
the necessity of the case. I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland, al-
though I scarcely think it is necessary.
Mr. DAWSON. Do I understand that this
amendment is to increase the compensation in all
the workshops and arsenals and navy-yards in ■
, the United States, or is it only to apply to the
! | city of Washington ?
' Mr. SHIELDS. Only to those in the city of ,
Washington.
Mr, DAWSON. And what is the difference
between those engaged in the arsenal and navy-
yards here, and those engaged in similar establish- '
ments elsewhere? Again, Mr. President;, I sup- !
pose we are now about to carry out the principle !
which has been adopted by the present Congi ess— <
I mean the abandonment of the contract system, 1
and to pay every man according to the imagined j
value of the services he has rendered; that here- !
after no man can enter into a contract with the \
Government, unless he reserves the right of having 1
his pay increased. As 1 understand it, these ,
laborers are paid by the day. If they do not re- ,
ceive sufficient compensation, the agent who em-
ploys them ought to be instructed to pay what is j
reasonable and just. How can we here undertake ■
to pay an individual who hires himself by the
day? If he agrees to work for §2 per day, it is
supposed that that is the full market value of his
labor; and how can we undertake to increase his
remuneration twenty per cent, above that? There
seems to me to be an incongruity about this, and
in my judgment it will be the means of introducing
much confusion. 1 go for full pay to all the la-
borers who are employed on any of the Govern-
ment works. But this is a bad way to attempt
to establish it; and if this rule is to he applied to
the arsenal and navy-yaid in the city of Washing-
ton, I think it should extend to every similar es- '
tabhshment in the United States.
Mr. DAVIS. I merely wish to ask whether it ,
is right that the Government of the United States
shall give more for labor than individuals are able ■
to pay? and whether the whole tendency of this 1
system is not to disturb the arrangements of the i
laboring community, and induce working men to ;
come here because this is a privileged place m which |
labor is paid at a higher rate by the Government :
than it is possible for individuals to payThe
whole operation of this amendment, in my opm- ■
: ion, is to disturb the condition of the laboring
1 men, and to press them into the service of the
| Government. This is a species of rivalry with
| private employers that I am not disposed to en-
I courage.
j The question was taken on the amendment to i
! the amendment, and it was rejected; the question J
' then recurred on the amendment, and on a division ;
' there were—yeas 18, nays 20.
j So the amendment was not agreed to.
! Mr. BRIGHT. I offer the following amend- i
j ment:
! For grading ami jjflvnii; with louml stone* the carriage
' way of PenmyhanrPavenue hom e?ev }nlfenfh ^>re''i wc.-t ■
i to Hock Ctock, curb stone< on each side !h<jicof ,n
I a distance of twenty-five foot* and placing foot-way:- whcie-
j ever neccssary, $26,UUd.
j That amendment proposes to improve the avenue
; from the War Department to the western linvts of
the city, which now, you may say, is nothing
: but continuous mud-holes.
! Mr. ERODHEAD. I beheve that this amend-
ij ment was rejected last, evening. I wish to inquire
!; whether it, can be in order now ?
Mr. BRIGHT. That is not the same amend-
ment at all. This proposes to improve the main
avenue by paving and curbing it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I offer the following amend-
ment, as an addition to the item of $125,000 for
printing and binding:
Provided, That in settling the accounts for the printing of
the Thirty-first Congress, one half of the pncr=; gwen by
the joint resolution of 18J9 be allowed, riot the
amount Unit would be paid under the respective contracts
if settled by the priccs named in the bill of the House of
Representative--, wlncii passed on the 31 st of July la«f, m
regard to the public pnntiwr, estimating the paper at the
actual co-it thereoi, to be paid out at' any money in the
Treasiuy not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to know under what
authority that amendment gets in here?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Under the rule. I offer it
to the appropriation in the bill for the contingent
expenses of the two Houses—part of these con-
tingent expenses is for printing—for work now
being done for the current year. The work is still
going on.
Mr. HAMLIN. I n^e to a question of order.
I am under the impression that this amendment is
not admissible, as it relates to a private claim.
The ."RESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that the
amendment is m order.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then I desire to say that, if
the ame idment passes, it will give the contractor
of last year an increase of more than $500,000 be-
yond the contract prices. I know what 1 say. I
have the papers in my possession to prove every
word of it. And I say, further, that the contractor
hasne^cr presented an account of his debit and
credit, or an exhibit of the cost of the work, either
to Congress or to the committee; and from my own
knowledge of printing, I can state that, although
he may have lost a small sum of money,'a care-
ful printer would not have lost a single dollar un-
der his contract, m my judgment. If the Senate,
however, at this late hour of the session, persists
in paying over this sum of $200,00u, I desire to
wash my hands of the whole affair.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Maine
says he has the proofs m his pocket.
Mr. II AMLLV. No, sir.
Mr. CLEMENS, i want to see them. Let
the Senator produce them m the Senate. I want
to see them.
Mr. HAMLIN. I did not say 1 had them in
my pocket. 1 said I had them. They are in the
committee-room.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I say, let the Senator
go to his committee-room, and get them. We
want them all. If theie is .-mch pioof here, I
want to >ee it. I do not bdie\e it can be pro-
duced.
Mr. PEAIICE. 1 desire to appeal from the
decision of the Chair. The Senator from Maine
rose dircctiy after this amendment was offered,
and when the Chair decided it to be in order, I
supposed he was going to take an appeal from that
decision. 1 found that lie did not makean appeal,
and I endeavored to get the floor; but the Senator
from Alabama [Mr. Clkmevs] got it before me,
and he was not inclined to gi\e way for that pur-
pose. As soon as i cmdd o'nain the floor, 1 rose
to t'ike an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
I did so. and now 1 ask whether I cannot take an
appeal under sm-h env"«instances'
The PR ESI DING OFKIC ER. Certainly. The
gentleman can take an appeal.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I will take an appeal.
The amendment introduced by the Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Douglas] is an indirect method of
evading a role of the Senate. We ha\e had a
petition [-coding here, asking the Senate to make
an allowance to the contractor for the printing <>i
the Inst Congress beyond the amount for which
he s;ip«.!a'ed to do the punting. That is strictly
a private claim, if it be a claim at all. And now,
instead of inquiring into that private claim as all
other private claims are inquired into and disposed
of, w£ allow, if we allow the decision of the Chair
to stand—and I must say that I think the Chair
did tiot perceive the object of the amendment when
he made the decision—that to be done in an indi-
rect iiki/ner which could not be done directly.
We allow, nnder a peculiar phraseology, the in-
troductio'i of a private claim of a very doubtful,
and eestmniy of a dlsouteu, character. I will not
rteta'n tb^ Senate farther than to state that I think
this is s'notly a nib\u-. chum, and that it ought
not to be brought mro ih s biH.
The PR ES' DING OhTtCSR. The Chair has
decided timtihc -uriendm'mt offered by the Senator
from IK'mn* [Mr. Douglas) was oclnvssibS' un-
der the ru!e: of the Senate, and from that de ,Jrir-n
the Senator ir-mi Ai.ivylnnd [Mr. PeakcisJ iins
1 appealed. The omstion is now whether the de-
1 cision of t'ic Cnair fdmli stand a? the judgment 'if
' the Soinfc
