2394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
The question was taken on the appeal, and, on
a division, the decision of the Chair appeared to
be sustained.
Mr. CASS. The Chair must have been in er-
ror in the count.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WELLER. I ask for a recount, for sev-
eral reasons. One is, that 1 believe the question
was not understood by the Senate; and another is,
that the Chair must have been in error in the
count. I, at least, was of opinion that the decis-
ion of the Chair was not sustained.
Mr. SMITH. I object, decidedly, to a recount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it due to itself, and to the Senate, that a
division on the appeal should be again taken.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and, being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 22; as follows:
Y£\S—Mes«r*, Adams, Bright, Cass, Charlton, Clem-
ens, Dawson, De .*3dus&un;, Dod e of Iowa, Douglas, Gwin,
Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mn«nn, Meri-
wether, Rus.k, Shields, Stockton, Toucev, Walker, and
Waller—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Brodhcad, Biooke, Chase,
Clarke. Cooper, Davis, Fish, Geycr, Hamlin, Hunter,
Mangiun,Miller, Pearee, Pratt, Smith, Soule, Spruance,
Sumnei, Underwood, tJpham, and VV.tde—22.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SMITH. I cannot hut regard itas a mat-
ter of a great deal of regret that a question of this
character should be brought before the Senate at
this period of the session, and particularly that an
effort should now be made to settle what I have
regaided as a mere private claim by way of an
amendment to an appropriation bill—an amend-
ment introduced to the consideration of the Senate
without having been printed; without having been
considered or reported by any one of the standing
committees of the body; not having been consid-
ered by the Printing Committee, nor even having
been referred to it—a mere amendment brought in
here in the handwriting of one of the honorable
members of this body, under circumstances which
make it extremely difficult for me or any other
member of the body to ascertain what is the pur-
port of it, and what will he its operation. If 1
understand it, it corresponds substantially, and I
do not know but exactly, to an amendment which
was obtruded upon the Senate, or rather offered in
the Senate—I will not say obtruded—by way of
an amendment to the civil and diplomatic hill two
years ago. It proposes to give to the printer of
the last Congress, for all the printing he aid during
that Congress, one half the prices" given by the
joint resolution of 1819. Then it goes on to pro-
vide that the amount to be allowed for that print-
ing, whatever it may be, shall not exceed the
amount that would be paid under the respective
contracts, if settled by the prices named in the
hill of the House of Representatives which passed
on the 31st of July last in regard to the public
printing.
I have to say, in the first place, that this is a
very remarkable reference. I desire to know
what it is that is referred to in the latter part of
this amendment. It refers to some bill which
passed the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLEMENS. Read the whole of it.
Mr. SMITH. The latter part of the proviso
is, " that the amounts to be paid shall not exceed
' what would be paid under the respective contracts
4 if settled by the price named in the bill of the
* House of Representatives, passed on the 31st of
* July last." What does that refer to ? To a bill
that has passed the House. I do not know what
bill that is. I suppose it refers to the bill which
we passed in the Senate, I believe,day before yes-
terday. This is a very awkward reference at any
rate. If it refers to that bill, why not say so ? If
you refer to an act of Consrresw, why not put in it
when it was approved by the President? Rut this
proviso says that Mr. Ritchie—for that is the
amount of it—shall have one half of the prices
specified in the joint resolution of 1819. Then
it goes on to say, that although we agree that
he shall have one half of those prices, he shall
not have, at any rate, more than is contained in
the act of Congress to which I have alluded. I
would inquire of my honorable friend from Ala-
bama, why not refer to the act of Congress ? The
way it is expressed now is no limitation at all.
The prices contained in the hill which recently
passed the two Houses of Congress, as I am in-
formed, though I have not particularly investigated
the subject, are altogether more than one h*3f of
the prices named in the joint resolution of 1819. I
am told so by a practical printer, though that bill
was carried through the Senate so rapidly, and I
may be permitted to say, with so little consid-ra-
tion, that it js quite impossible for me to say pre-
cisely what the prices are that are specified in it;
but i have this to say, that this enactment, by the
way of a proviso, corresponds, I believe, with the
•proviso that was offered towards the close of the
last session of Congress. I unite with my friend
from Maine in saying that the Committee on
Printing have investigated that proposition. We
thoroughly investigated it. We have looked into
ail its details. We have caused all the calcula-
tions to be made, and I do not hesitate to declare,
in the broadest terms, that I unite in what my
honorable friend from Maine says. I desire to
hear my friend from Arkansas [Mr. Borland] on
this subject. I tell the Senate that it was the
judgment of every member of the Senate Commit-
tee on Printing that the amendment proposed at
the last session, which I suppose to be the same
as the one now under consideration, would hand
over to Mr. Ritchie a fortune of no less than
$100,000. I repeat here, that this amendment,
over and above covering all the outlay Mr. Ritchie
has incurred in this regard, will amount to that.
I say it is the deliberate judgment of every mem-
ber of the committee. If the honorable Senator
from Arkansas entertains a different opinion from
what I now express, I do not know of it. I ask
the honorable gentleman to declare, in the face of
the Senate and country, whether we did not make
minute calculations—whether we did not take
document after document, volume after volume,
page after page, and go through all the items, and
make out the result? Yes, sir; we went into the
calculations. I cannot produce them here. If
you will report a bill to relieve Mr. Ritchie, and
give me the chance to bring the calculations and all
the details, I will demonstrate that you are about
to put $100,000 into his pocket.
A Senator. How much did Mr. Ritchie lose?
Mr. SMITH. God only knows whether he
ever lost a penny. But, sir, 1 would be glad to
get rid of Mr. Ritchie. I want to buy the peace
of Congress. I want to buy him off; and I am
going to propose an amendment to the amend-
ment. I will give $10,000 to get rid of his clamor.
He is not entiled to one penny. He broke his con-
tract from beginning to end in the most outrageous
manner. Now, individuals sometimes buy their
peace, and nations sometimes buy theirs, and I
do not know why Congress should not buy its
peace. I would agiee to pay Mr. Ritchie what
would be a good fortune for me, to get him out
of Washington, and get rid of his claim. In
place, therefore, of the miserable limitation pro-
posed in the amendment, which is no limitation
at all, I propose to strike out all after the word
" allow," and add the following proviso:
Provided, That the amount to he allowed under the fore-
going piovisjon chilli not exceed the sum of $10,000.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to obtain information.
This question has been presented to Congress be-
fore. i think at the first session of last Congress,
after a long debate upon the same question, the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Suui.e] offeied an
amendment which met with the concurrence of
the Senate. If I recollect the proposition which
then passed, it provided that two or three persons
who were named in the bill itself-—practical print-
ers—should ascertain the actual expense to which
Mr. Ritchie had been put in doing the work of
Congress for which he claim^pmpensation, and
that we should pay him that amount, together
with ten per cent, profit upon it, with the proviso
that it should not exceed a sum specified in the
resolution. I have endeavored to find it, but have
not as yet succeeded in finding what was the
action of the Senate upon that occasion. My ob-
ject is to inquire of tne honorable Senator "from
Arkansas, or the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut, or some other Senator, whether I recol-
lect correctly.
Mr. BORLAND. I think I can relieve the
Senator from Connecticut from so-vie difficulty if
he will yield me the floor. I will make a sugges-
tion in the form of an additional proviso, which t
will read directly, but which, if the Senator will
permit me, I will preface with a few words.
Mr. SMITH. Certainly.
Mr. BORLAND. It will be recollected that in
the last Congress a bill or resolution passed the
Senate allowing to this printer ten per centum
upon the whole amount of his expenditures in the
execution of the public printing. That was based
upon the consideration that he had taken a con-
tract by which he had lost money, and that it was
not proper for this Government in any of its De-
partments to receive a valuable consideration from
any individual and refuse to allow him an adequate
compensation. An estimate perhaps not precisely
accurate, but approximating as nearly as was prac-
ticable at that time to accuracy, assumed that the
printer had lost from $20,000 to $30,000 by his
contract, and that the resolution if adopted, would
approximate to, if not pay him the full amount of
$20,000 over and above his expenditures, leaving
him for returns to himself upon his large invest-
ment and several years' labor about $20,000 profit,
which was not deemed extravagant. Thnt reso-
lution failed in the House. The consequence was
that no allowance at all was made.
Now, I deem it due to myself and to the Com-
mittee on Printing and to the Senate to state why
I cannot support the amendment of the Senator
from Illinois. It became my duty as chairman of
the Committee on Printing, to make an estimate of
the amount which would be paid to the printer
under the bill of the last session which came here
and failed, and which the Senator from Illinois
now proposes to revive in substance by his pro-
viso. I found, after the most thorough examina-
tion^md accurate calculation, that the increased
amount which would be paid to the printer by that
bill, and which will be paid under this proviso, if
adopted, would, over and above the amount which
he would receive under his contract, be about
$214,000. This was no conjecture. It was the
result of actual calculation in figures, put down by
men whose business it is to make such calcula-
tions, and whose accuracy ought not to be, and
will not be, questioned, when I state that the same
persons who made them have for the last three
years and more had accounts parsed at the Treas-
ury Department for more than $320,000, and not
an error to the amount of three dollars in that
whole time has ever been detected. Sometimes,
when an error was supposed to have been detected
at the Treasury Department, after they had com-
pared it with the estimate, the officers of theTreas-
ury Department have receded, and admitted that
they were correct. I state this as evidence of the
character and competency of the individuals upon
whom I have relied for this estimate. I could not
in conscience, in the performance ofmy duty, agree
to pay to any contractor over and above his con-
tract that large amount of money. At the same
time I admit that the contractor, for whatever
cause I am not able to say, did actually take a
contract which was unwise, and upon which, in
my opinion, he lost between $20,000 and $30,000.
The contract was a very large one, involving sev-
eral hundred thousand dollars. Then, believing
that he has actually lost that amount, and being
unwilling to take his labor and the proceeds of the
investment of capital for the use of the Govern-
ment, without allowing him a fair compensation,
I have estimated the amount that ought to be al-
lowed him as nearly as I have been able to do so,
and embodied it in the form of an additional pro-
viso. I propose to allow the settlement to take
place as proposed by the Senator from Illinois,
and to add:
Provided farther, That the amount to be paid said con-
ttactor frhaH no;, over and above what he would receive
under Ins contract, exceed $50,000.
This will allow him between $20,000 and |30,000
for his loss. It will cover that, and allow him for
his whole investment of labor for several years in
the service of the Government a profit of about
$20,000. I think this is fair and reasonable. I
think it is as much as any one ought to ask. I
think it is not more than the Senate ought to be
willing to give. Here was an investment of
many thousand dollars in a large printing estab-
lishment. A heavy responsibility was incurred,
and a great deal of labor for several years given
to the public service. I do not think a compen-
sation of $20,000 for that is too much. Consid-
ering that the individual voluntarily took the con-
tract, to the exclusion of others who would have
taken it at a higher price, in a fair competition, he
ought not to ask more than $20,000, when at the
same time he is released from all obligation by the
contract, which, if strictly enforced, would not
only subject him to the losses already sustained,
