618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Feb. 24,
pensation for taking the Seventh Census; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims
Mr. SOUX.E presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Louisiana, in favor of the establish-
ment of a naval depot and navy-yard at New Or-
leans; which was ordered to belaid on the table.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Louis-
iana, in favor of the establishment of a post office
in that part of the parish of Assumption lying on
Grand river, and on the mail route between Don-
aldsonville and Opelousas; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODHEAD.presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania, in relation to the
harbors on the Delaware river and bay; which
were referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Pennsylvania State
Agricultural Society, praying the establishment of
an Agricultural Bureau; which was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, praying a modification of
the tariff of 1846, and an increase of the duty on
iron; which were referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of Pennsylvania,
praying that the .transportation of the mail on
Sunday may be prohibited by law; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying an extension of Wood worth's patent for
a planing machine; which were referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Pennsylvania,
remonstrating against an extension of a patent
granted to Austin and Zebulon Parker for im-
provements upon water-wheels; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying a modification of
the bounty land law; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Northampton,
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against an extension
of Woodwork's patent for a planing machine;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. CHASE presented six memorials of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
the State of Ohio, praying additional compensa-
tion; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Ohio, praying
that the transportation of the mails on Sunday may
be prohibited by law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, five petitions of citizens of Cleveland and
Ohio City, Ohio, praying the construction of a
ship-canal around the Sault Ste. Marie; which
were ordered to be laid on the table. !
Also, a memorial of citizens of Cincinnati, Ohio,
praying the construction of another canal around
the Fails of the Ohio river; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Gouldsborough, Maine, praying that buoys
may be placed at the entrance of the harbors of !
West Gouldsborough and East Sullivan; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT presented seven memorials of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Indiana, praying additional compensation; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the memorial of Abraham Jv. Moore and
about one hundred inhabitants of Indiana, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail route from Ha-
gerstown to Macksville, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and i!
Post Roads. >!
Mr. MALLORY presented the petition of !j
Chandler C. Yonge, late district attorney for the ;;
northern district of Florida, praying payment for !
official services duly allowed by the district court, I
but for which payment is suspended at the Treas- i;
ury Department because of a defect in existing ji
laws to authorize the same; which Was referred to 11
the Committee on the Judiciary. 11
Also, the petition of the heirs of Christopher i
Hillary, an officer m the army of the Revolution, "
praying commutation pay; which was referred to I
the Committee on Military Affairs. !|
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the New
York Chamber of Commerce, praying for the im-
mediate removal of .the United States Mint from
Philadelphia to New York; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
A motion by Mr. FISH that the memorial be
printed, was referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. NORR1S presented a memorial of assistant
marshals for taking the Seventh' Census in Hills-
borough county, New Hampshire, praying addi-
tional compensation; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. JAMES submitted a communication from
Albert C. Greene and others, of Providence, Rhode
Island, in relation to an increase of the salary of the
United States district judge for that State; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the memorial of John
McVey, reported a hill for his relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Thompson Hutchin-
son, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for
his relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Elizabeth Jones, re-
ported a*bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones, and
the other children (if any) of John Carr; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of John W. Robinson, reported
it back without amendment.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petitions of Mary S.
Wetmore and the widow of Lieutenant Colonel
JEneas McKay, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. GEYER,from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the memorial of John
Jackson, Joseph Pineau, and Louis A. S. Smith,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill for their
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to repeal the provision in the
act entitled "An act making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th June, 1852, and for
other purposes,"approved March 3,1851,relating
to the salaries of the officers of the Territoriestif
the United States, reported it back with an-amend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to which_
was referred the memorial of citizens of Philadcl-"
phia, 1-elativeto the importation of foreign paupers,
felons, and convicts, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof; which was agreed
to.
j He also, from the same committee, to which
I was referred the memorial of the inhabitants of
! Rhode Island, for the liberation of Drayton and
1 Sayres, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memorial of
Benjamin S. Roberts, asked to be discharged from
the further consideration thereof, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of the Mayor and Common Council of Chicago,
Illinois, submitted a report accompanied by a bill,
to authorize them to excavate a portion of the pub-
lic reservation at that place, with a view to the
improvement of the navigation of the Chicago river;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, by unanimous consent,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
regulate the terms of the district court of the
United States in the district of Iowa; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
resolutions agreed to.
_ Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved. That the Secretary of War report to the Sen-
ate the amount which has been paid to officers of the Army,
on account of.double rations, during the year ending Juiy
1,1851.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to the Sen-
ate the amount paid to officers holding brevet commissions,
above the amount of their pay in the line, under the provis-
ions of section 2 of the act approved April 16,1818, during
the year ending July 5,1K51.
Mr. JAMES submitted the following resolution
for consideration; which was agreed,to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
into the expediency of increasing the salary of the judge of
the district of Rhode Island.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the
salary of the district judge of the United States for the
northern district of Florida.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Mrs. E. A.
McNeill, widow of the late General John McNeill,
was read a third time, and passed.
Washington's birth day.
Mr. CLEMENS observed, early in the day,
that it had been the custom to pay some respect to
the memory of Washington on "the occasion of
his birth day. On Friday last the Senate neglect-
ed to pass any resolution for its observance, and
he therefore now suggested an adjournment.
" It was, however, desired by several Senators
first to dispose of the morning business; and that
having been done, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 24, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain,Rev. C. M. Butler.
petitions.
Mr. WADE presented two memorials of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
the State of Ohio, praying additional compensa-
tion; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial of John W.
Bunion, and a memorial of Margaret P. Hallett,
administratrix of John Hallet, deceased, praying
the appointment of a tribunal to review the decis-
ions of the late Board of Commissioners for the
settlement of claims of American citizens against
Mexico; which were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of Julius A. Pratt, praying
that he may be employed to clear out the river
►San Antonio, m Texas; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of John B. Boyle, complain-
ing of the mal-administration of the postal syvtern
in the United States, and proposing a remedy;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH presented a memorial of the assist-
ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Fairfield county, Connecticut, praying additional
compensation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Mr. COOPER presented three petitions of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent granted to Austin and
ZebulonParker for improvements in water-wheels;
which were referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Also, three memorials of citizens of Philadelphia
county, and a memorial of citizens of Lancaster
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent granted to W. W. Wood-
worth for a planing machine; which were referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia,
praying an extension of Wood worth's patent for
a planing machine; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, two memorials of citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, praying a modification of
the tariff; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Also, a petition of journeymen cigar-makers, of
Lancaster, Pennsylvania, praying an increase of
the duties on cigars; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
