1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1531
the previous question was seconded, the tellers
having reported—ayes 72, noes not counted.
And the main question was then ordered to be
put.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. MOREHEAD. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put on the engrossment
of the bill, and it was agreed to—yeas 94, nays
52; as follows:
YEAS—Abererombie, Willis Allen, Baboock,
David J. Bailey, Bell, Bissell, Booock, Brags, Bicckimnljre,
Briars, BiM>y. Lewis 1). Campbell, Thompson Campbell,
Chnpmau. Churehwell, Clark, Cleveland, Chngnian, Col-
rock, Conjrer. Joiin 0. Davis. Dawson, Dean, Disney, Doty,
Duncan, Dunham, Durkeo, TCdgerton, Edmund&on, Flor-
ence, Gamble, Gaviord, Gilmore, Green, Hammond, Samp-
son W. ilairis Haven, Hebard, Hendricks, Iletm, Uol-
laday, John W. Howe,Thos. M. Howe, Hunter,Ives, Jack-
son. Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, ilobejt W. Johnson,
J. Glariey Jones, Kurtz, Landry, Lockhait, Ma^o, Edward
C. Marshall, Mason, McCorkle, McNmr. Meade, Molony,
Morrison, Nabeis, Newton, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel
W. Fatker, Pcnniman, Polk, Powell, Pace, Rantoul, Rich-
ardson, Robie, Robinson, Uos*, Scuddei, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, Crimen S. Seymour, Fiedenck P Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Stone, St. Martin, Stuait, Swcet^ei, Geoige
W. Thompson, Townshond, Walbmlge, Ward, Watkins,
Wilco*. Williams, and Yates—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Barrere, Bennett, Bibigbaus,
Bowne, Bienlon, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Buell, Bur-
row*, E. Carnngtori Cabell, Caldwell, Cobb, George T.
Davis, Dnmmck, Fowlei, Goodenow, Harper, [sham G.
Hams, Ha*call, Hiliyer, llorstord, Houston, Thoma- Y.
How, James Johnson. Daniel T. Jone^, George G. King,
Piestou King, Killing Martin, Mrncham, Ilcnrv 1). Moore,
Moiehead. Murphv . Murray, Orr, Outlaw, Sackett, Savage,
Scheiineihoin, Schoolcraft, Schoonruaker, St.uih. Th.ul-
dem Steven*, Strother, Taylor, Toombs., Venuble, "Wallace.
Welch, Wells, Alexander "White, and Wildnek—52.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Previous to the announcement of the result of
the above vote, Mr. InctErsoll asked leave to
vote, not having been within the bar when his
name was called; but objection was made.
The bill having been engrossed, was read the
third time and passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the vote by
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and
that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILDRICK, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled " An
act to grant the right of way to the State of Mis-
souri, and a portion of the public lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said State;"
which received the signature of the Speaker.
The House proceeded next to consider House
bill No. 252, to authorize the legislative authority
of the several Territories to control the appropri-
ations to be made by Congress for the support of
the government of said Territories.
The bill was read through.
Mr. SIBLEY. As this subject has been thor-
oughly discussed in the Committee of the Whole
House oil the state of the Union, I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STUART. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his call until I can submit an amendment.
The cull for the previous question was with-
drawn.
Mr. STUART. As the object of that bill is to
give the control of the funds appropriated for the
Territories to the legislative authorities of the
Territories J think that, under the present circum-
stances, there ought to be an amendment except-
ing from its provisions the Territory of Utah.
For that purpose fpiopose the followmgproviso,
and call for the previous question upon its adop-
tion:
Pi o tided farther, That the provision of this bill shall not
apply to the Teuitory of Utah.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I will state to the gen-
tleman, that the Delegate from Utah is not pres-
ent. __
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that. The
proviso will leave, with regard to that Territory,
the provisions of law as they now stand.
Mr. CLEVELAND. After all, it makes a
distinction which may do more harm than good;
and I therefore suggest the propriety of passing
the bill by f or the present.
The call for the prev ious question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. Shall the main question be
now put?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Why the
distinction between Utah and the other Territo-
ries? I ask for a division on that question.
The question was then put on ordering the main
question to be put; and on a division there were—
ayes 55.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Richardson
and Chandler were'appomted.
The question was again put and carried in the
affirmative; the tellers having reported—ayes 71,
noes 46.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 81, nays 65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abeicrombie, Atkcn, Willis Allen, Al-
libOn, William Appleton, Avciett, Uibighaus, Brags.', Bni^s,
Caldwell, Lewis D. CamplMI, Thompson Campbell,
Chaudlei, Chapman, Chiucbwell, Clnik, Chniiman, Col-
cock, Consei, Culloin. <ieor e T. Davis, John G. Davit.,
Dawson, Dnmmck, Uurkee, Floumce, Fowler, Gamble,
Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Ulram G. Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, iln&eall, llolladaj, Huwaid, John W. Howe, ;
Huntei, Ingei^oll, John Johnson, Itobcit W. John-on, J
Kurtz, Loeknart. Mace, Ma-on, McCorkle, McDonald, }
McNair, Meade. Molony, Morri-on, Murray, Ohh, Orr, ,
Andiew Parker, Polk, Powell, i'ner. luintoul, Richardson, j
Robbtns, Robie. Sava«e, St'iuiv, DuwdL Srj moui, On- :
<ien S. Seymour, Smart, Smith, Frederick 1'. Stanton,
Stiother, Stuart. Sutherland, Su-eeNer, Walbudsre, Will- |
Jaee, Weh h, Akxaii'iei White, Wikov, Wiidnck, Wil-
liams, and Yates—81. '
NAYS—Me^ais. Af-he, Babeock, Ihnnl J Bailey, Bar-
rel e, Bell, Bennett. Bowne. Brenton, Brook?, Buell, Bur-
row&, Uut-by, Cleveland, Cobb, Curtis, bucket \, Duncan,
Ednmnd^on, Goodenow, Harper, Haven, Iiebaid. Hen- 1
ducks, KtUyor, Hor?(ord, Houston, Thomas M Howe,
Thomas V. How, Ivt>, Jackson, Audirw Johnson, Jame^
Johnson, Daniel T. Joneo, Geoiye G. Kinir, Kuhns, Mai-
tin, Meaeham, Millet, Henrv D. Moore, John Moore, '
Motehead, Murphy, iVibei^, Xewton, Samuel VY. Parker,
Penmmnn, Phelps, Ilo^, Suckftt, .Schoonmakcr, Scndder, |
Stanly, Thaddeits Steven-:, St Alar tin, Ta\ lor. George \V.
Thompson, Tlmi-ion, Toombs, Towiisin-nd, Yenable,
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Walking and Wells—(>5. I
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the vote by '
which the bill was passed be reconsidered, and i
that the motion to reconsider do he upon the table; i
which latter motion was agreed to. ]
House bill No. 253, making appropriations for
the completion of the public buildings in theTer- !
ntory of Minnesota, being next in order, was then j
taken up and read. 1
The bill was oidered to be engrossed and read i
a third time; and having been engrossed, it was j
read the third time and passed. i
Senate bill No. 175, 1 elating to the salaries of i
the officers of the Territories of the United States, j
and to repeal the proviso m the act entitled %t An j
4 act making an appropriation for the civil and di- !
' plomaticexpen&ci.s of the Govermnentfor the year j
' ending the 30th of June,185:2, and for oiher pur- 1
' poses," being next m order, was then taken up ,
and read. ;
The SPEAKER. The committee have re-
ported an amendment, in the nature of a substi- '
tute for this bill, which will be read by the ;
Clerk. [
The amendment having been read,
Mr. RICHARDSON moved the previous ques- ;
tion; which was? seconded, and the mam question j
oidered to be put.
Tire question being first upon the amendment,
it was taken, and decided in the affirmative. :
So the amendment was passed.
The hill as amended was then ordered to be en- ,
grossed and read a third time; and having been .
engrossed was rend the third time and passed.
Sir. RICHARDSON moved to reconsider the !
motion by which the bill was passed, and to lay j
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which I
latter motion was agreed to. j
Houjse bill No. ^>4, to run and establish the
boundary between the State of Texas and the 1
Territories of the United States, was next taken 1
up and read. ;
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported from :
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the '
Union with an amendment. The question will ;
be first upon the amendment, to insert in the 2d <
section, after the word "of," " §25,000."
The question was then taken upon the amend-'
ment, and it way agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be en- ;
grossed and read a third .time, and, being en- ^
grossed, was read the third time and passed. 1
House bill No. 255, making further appropri-
ations for the construction of roads in the Tern- ;
tory of Minnesota, was next taken up and read, j
I The SPEAKER. This bill was reported from
i the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
I Union with amendments. The question will be
first upon the amendment,to add in the tenth line,
J after the words " Lake Superior " the words " by
[' the most direct and convenient route between those
II points," so as to make it read, Sifor the constrnc-
,■ * tion of a road from Point Douglass, on the Mis-
' sissippi river, to the falls or rapids of the St.
'Louis river, and Lake Superior, by the most di-
!' * rect and convenient route between those points,
|. 4 $20,000."
j' The question was then taken upon the amend-
i. ment, and it was agreed to.
i The SPEAKER. The second amendment pro-
I posed by the committee is, to strike out of the
| twenty-first and twenty-second lines the words
1 " Governor and Legislative Assembly of said
h Territory," and insert in lieu thereof the words
u Secretary of War, pursuant to contracts to be
made by him," so as to make it redd, "the said
' roads "to be constructed under the direction of the
' Secretary of War, pursuant to contracts to be
'made by him."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The hill as amended was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and, being en-
grossed, was read the third time.
Mr. STANLY. Will the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories inform me of the amount
appropriated by that bill for internal improve-
ments?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I stated the other day
that these were bills which did not come from the
Committee on Territories. They came from other
committees of the House, and belong to territorial
business. I have not the information asked for
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Stanly.]
Mr. SIBLEY. If the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stwly] will permit me, I will an-
swer htm. This bill provides $45,000 for a con-
tinuation of roads which have been commenced
after a survey by the Depaitment of War. The
amount is less than one half that estimated for.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will refer to the report of the proper bu-
reau he will find the estimates for the completion
of the^e roads, with the exception of one, which
it is proposed to have surveyed, to be something
about $100,000. I think that is about the amount,
though it may he a little over.
Mr. STANLY. This internal-improvement
bill should wait the general bill for that object. I
do not think it is exactly fair, either for the Terri-
tories or for any one of the States, to force their
bills through without adopting some general sys-
tem which shall benefit the whole.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
until better order is restored.
Mr. STANLY. I will not trouble the House
further. They will not have order until after the
nominations are over. [Laughter.] I ask for the
yens and nays upon the passage of this bill.
Mr. RICftARDSON. I desire the ear of the
gentleman fiom North Carolina [Mi. Staxi.y] for
a moment. There are two or three bills behind
this to which there will be no objection. If this
can be passed oVer informally until 1 can get them
passed, 1 shall he much obliged to the House.
Mr. STANLY. Certainly; 1 have no objection
to that. There are two hundred and sixty miles
of this road provided for, and five hundred to
complete it, and no one can tell what it will cost
in the end. 1 hope the bill will be passed over in-
formally.
Mr. SIBLEY. t hope the bill will not be
passed over informally.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Minnesota will allow the bill to be passed
over for the present; and as soon as the others are
passed, it will come directly np. I only made the
suggestion in order to facilitate the passage of the
other bills.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Will it be in order to
move to lav the bill on ihe table ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the House agrees to pass it over informally.
Mr. SIBLEY. The bill is precisely like the
one passed for the Territory of Oregon, with the
exception that it comes more strongly indorsed,
for it comes under the requisition of the Secretary
of War.
