185*2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
619
Also, six memorials of inhabitants of Pennsyl-
vania, praying that the transportation of the mails
on Sunday may be prohibited by law; which were
■referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, thf memorial of William G. Morehead,
late consul of the United States at Valparaiso, pray-
ing compensation for the time he acted as charge
d'affaires; which was referred to the Committee
011 Foreign Relations.
Also, two memorials of citizens of the western
part of Pennsylvania, praying the construction of
a ship canal around the Sault Ste. Marie; which
were referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals.
Also, the memorial of Mary F. B. Levely,
widow of Henry Levely, a captain of a private j
armed vessel during the last war with Great Brit- j
ain, praying a pension on account of wounds and '
disabilities received in the service; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial of H. G. Helfenstein and
others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying that pro-
vision may be made by law to enable them to re-
ceive the amount of their claims against Texas at
the Treasury of the United States; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, a memorial of the Select and Common
Councils of the city of Philadelphia, praying the
erection of artificial harbors in the Delaware river
and bay; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Penn-
sylvania, in relation to the harbors on the Dela-
ware river and bay; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania,
Delaware, and New Jersey, praying the construc-
tion of piers and harbors in the Delaware river
and bay; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, the petition of Catharine Strubing, heir
of James Deimer, deceased, praying compensation
for certain lands granted by the British Govern-
ment to James Deimer and disposed of by the
United States; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
mail route from duasquaton to the county seat of
Benton county, in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. JAMES presented a memorial of engineers
of the navy, praying a reorganization of the cyps
to which they belong; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
A motion by Mr. JAMES that the memorial
be printed, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FELCH presented six memorials of citi-
zens of Michigan, praying a grant of land to the
State for the construction of the Oakland and the
Ottawa railroad; which were referred to the Com-
mitte 011 Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Isabella S. Crongh, pray-
ing that the pay and allowances due her son,
Michael Doyle, as an officer of the army at the
time of his death in Mexico, may be paid to his
legal representatives; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. GWIN presented additional evidence in re-
lation to the claim of Joseph Hill and Sons; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims; and
On motion by Mr. G, it was
Ordered, That the report of the Committee of Claims,
on the petition of Joseph Hill and Sons, be recommitted to
tiie Committee of Claims.
MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, to ask that that com-
mittee may be discharged from the further con-
sideration of a number of petitions which I hold
in my hand, addressed to the Senate, praying an
examination or inquiry into the manner in which
the claims against Mexico were examined and
treated under the late commission which sat under i
the Mexican treaty. If the Senate will indulge me j
for a moment, I will state that the petitioners ask I
that the committee, to which were referred these
memorials, may have power to prosecute their in-
quiries by sending for persons and papers. The
Committee on Foreign Relations, however, have
considered it impracticable to conduct their inqui-
ries in this mode, and, on consulting with gentle-
men connected with these matters, it seems to be
acceptable to them that the subject should be re-
ferred to a select committee. The Senator from
Louisiana [Mr. Downs] proposed such a refer-
ence. He is not now present; and unless some
other gentleman is disposed to move that they be
referred to a select committee, I will ask that the
Committee on Foreign Relations be discharged
from the further consideration of these memorials,
and move that, for the present, they may be laid
upon the table.
The committee was accordingly discharged from
their further consideration, and it was ordered
that these memorials be laid upon the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordeicd, That Use petition ol the legal representatives of
Jo&eph Ford, an officer of the aimy during the Revolution,
pra) mg a pension, on the files of the Senate, be referred to
the Committee 011 Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of C. Alexander and T.
Barnard, on the files of the Senate, be reteried to the Com-
mittee of Claims. *
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the report of the Sec-
retary of the Navy of Gth January, and several
petitions of officers and seamen of the United States
Navy, reported a bill providing additional com-
pensation to officers and men of the navy who
have served, or are still serving, on the coast of
California and Mexico, and for other purposes;
which was read and passed to the second read-
ing-
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of the heirs of John Jack-
son, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the memorial of Rich-
ard M. Ronton, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Lewis Ralston, asked to be discharged from the
further consideiation thereof, and that the papers
relating thereto, which were transmitted to the
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs the
22d January last by the Secretary of the Interior,
be returned to that Department. It was so or-
dered.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
ce and Post Roads, reported a joint resolution
odifymg the existing laws for the government of
the Post Office Department in relation to Califor-
nia and Oregon; which was read and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the petitionof
the guardian of the heirs of the late Major Thomas
Noel, of the United States Army, praying the
settlement of his accounts, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for their relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of the heirs of Chris-
topher Hillary, asked to be discharged from the
further consideration thereof, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Rufus L. Baker,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which were referred the memorials
of Benjamin S. Roberts, presented the 12th of
January, 1852, and the 11th of February, 1852,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the same; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Printing, to
which was referred the motion to print the me-
morial of the Chamber of Commerce of New
York, presented the 23d instant, relating to the
removal of the mint from Philadelphia to New
York, reported that the memorial be not printed;
and the report was concurred in.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which were referred the documents re-
lating to the claim of B.Juan Domercq, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Don B. Juan Domercq, a Spanish subject; which
was read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
petition of Gad Humphreys, reported a bill for
his relief; which was read and passed to the sec-
ond reading.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to modify the several
acts regulating the warehousing of imported mer-
chandise, and for other purposes.
ELECTORAL VOTES.
Mr. BORLAND by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution;
which was read, as follows:
Joint Resolution in relation to the number of electoral
vutes each, State uill be entitled to in the presidential
election qf 18o2.
Be it resolved, fyc., That the number of electoral votes
to which each State shall be entitled in the election of Pres-
ident and Vice Prudent of the United States in 1802, >hall
be equal to the nwtnher of Senators and Representatives to
which each of v<md States will be found entitled by the ap-
poiuomnent under the enumeration of 1*50, as provided by
the act tor "taking the Seventh, and subsequent Ce -
( suses," approved May23, 1850.
j The resolution, on the motion of Mr. Borland,
i was lead a second time, with a view to reference.
| Mr. BORLAND. If it be in order, Mr. Presi-
: dent, I will remark, for a moment, upon the char-
; acter and object of the resolution, before 1 move
| its reference.
We have printed, and upon our desks this morn-
ing, a communication from the President of the
United States, laying before us a report from the
Secretary of the Interior, showing why he has
been unable to perform the duty of making the ap-
portionment of Representatives upon the basis of
the new enumeration, as required by the act of
May 23, 1850; the reason stated being the defec-
tive returns from the State of California. This
communication has been referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. In connection with it, and
as a part of the action of the committee and of the
Senate in regard to the questions it raises, and
requires'to be settled, I think the declaration con-
tained m this resolution is most important—neces-
sary, indeed, on account of peculiar circumstances
to enable the people of the several States to exer-
; cise the elective franchise in the ensuing presiden-
! tial election.
| I have hesitated to bring this question before
| the Senate, and should not have done so'but for
j the magnitude of its interest to all the States, and
j particularly to the State I have been sent here to
J represent; and further, for finding that opposite
! opinions on the subject are entertained alike
throughout the country, as indicated by the news-
paper press, and among the members of this body.
For myself, I have held from the first but one
opinion; but as I am always disposed to distrust
somewhat my own opinions, especially upon ques-
tions like this, when I find them not concurred in
by gentlemen whose capacity to judge of such
questions I greatly respect, and concede to be, in
general, greatly superior to my own, I desire this
difference of opinion to be decided by the authori-
tative action of Congress.
In my own opinion—which with some diffi-
dence I submit to the Senate—the Constitution,
the act of 1792, and the census act of 1850, taken
together, clearly and certainly establish the posi-
tion assumed in my resolution, that the number of
electoral votes which each State will be entitled
to give in the ensuing presidential election, will be
the number of Senators and Representatives to
which it will be entitled by apportionment under
the recent enumeration; that is, that the election
will be held and the votes given upon the basis of
the census of 1850, and not that of 1840. In sup-
port of this opinion I refer to the Constitution, and
the legislation under it on this subject. Providing
for the census, or enumeration of the people, the
Constitution prescribes:
" The actual enumeration shall be made within three
years after the fir^t meeting of tiie Congress of the United
States, and witnm every subsequent term of ten years, in
such manner as they shall by law direct."—Const. U. S.j
art. 1, sec. 2.
Until the first actual enumeration, the number
