620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
of Representatives was arbitrarily fixed by a spe-
cial provision; thirty thousand being the minimum
of population entitling to one Representative, and
New Hampshire having three, Massachusetts
eight, &c.
For the election of President and Vice President
it is provided that—
" Each State sball appoint, in such manner as the Legis-
lature thereof may direct, a number of electors equal to the
vvhoJe number of Senators and Representatives to which
the States may be entitledm Congress," &c.~Oortsf. U.S.,
art. 2, sec. 1.
To carry out these provisions of the Constitu-
tion Congress passed " An act relative to the elec-
tion of a rresident and Vice President of the United
States," the first section of which is as follows:
That except in case of an election of a Pie*>ident nod
Vice President of the Umted States prior to the ordinary
pciiod as hereinafter specified, electors shall be appointed
in each State for the election of a President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States within thiity-four dayi> preceding
the first Wednesday in December, one thousand seven
hundred and ninety-two, and within thirty-four day.-? prece-
ding the first Wednesday m December, in every fourth v«nr
succeeding tin* la^t election, which electors shall 1>p  >qual to
the number of Senators and Representatives to uhick the
several States may, by law, be entitled at the time when the
President and Vice President thus to be ckoscn should come
into office : Provided, always, that where no apportionment
of Reirrcsentatives shall have been made after any enumer-
ation at the time of choosint* electors, then the number of
electors shall he according to the existing apportionment of
Senators and Representatives
Approved, March 1, 179*2.
Until 1850, the practice had been to pass an act,
at the end of every ten years, "to provide for
taking the census;" and subsequently, when the
returns of the enumeration, &c., had been re-
ceived, to pass another " act for the apportionment
of Representatives among the several States, ac-
cording to the census." As examples of this le-
gislation, I refer to the act—the title of which I
have just quoted—for taking the Fifth Census,
approved March 23, 1830, and the subsequent act
for apportionment under the same census, ap-
proved May 22,1832.
This practice was abandoned in 1850; and
in providing for *4 taking the Seventh and subse-
quent Censuses,it was deemed best, and was
provided accordingly, in the samebiil, for making
the apportionment of Representatives—and conse-
quently, of presidential elcclors. Accordingly it
was, among the new provisions, enacted:
u That from and alter the 3d day of March, 1853, the
House of Representatives shall be composed of two hundred
and thirty-three members, to be apportioned amonu; the
wveral States m the manner directed in the next section of
this act."
And further:
<k TJiatso snon as the next and each subsequent enumer-
ation of the inhabitants of the several States, directed bv
the UorKilu'ion of the United States-to be taken, shall be
■ otiiph'icd and iclurmxl to the office of the Department of
the Interior, it ->bn!l be the duty of the Poet clary of the In-
tern)] to a^citam tiic aasjrejiate representative population
of the United State>, by" See., "wlm'h aggregate population
he Miall divide by tli<Miumb#vi two hundred and thzrtu-three,
and the product of such division, rejecting any fracion of a*
unit, if any Mifh happen to remain, shall be the ratio or
rule of apportionment ot Ueprcsentativehamongtlie several
Slates und'T such enmnrration; and the said Secretary oj,
the Department of the interior shall then proceed, in the
came maimer, to a^ceuatn the representative population of
each State and to divide the who'e number oi the represent-
ative population of each State by the ratio already deter-
mined by him a-, above directed, and the product'of tins
last division shall be the number of representative* appor-
tioned to such State under the then last enumeration.'"
[{i Act for taking the Seventh and subsequent
Censuses," &c., sections 24 and 25. Approved
March 3, 1850.]
I repeat, that from these citations of the Con-
stitution and Laws, I deduce the opinion that the
enumeration of 1850 js the basis of the apportion-
ment of Representatives in the next Congress, and
of electors for the ensuing presidential election
m November next. The act of *92, which I have 1
quoted, is specific tn Us provision that this shall
i ^ne condition that it prescribes, namely, 1
^a' apportionment under the new enumeration ■
shall have been made prior to the election, is pro- !>
vided for m the net of 1850, and will be fulfilled T
by the Secretary ot the Interior, who, by a simple '<'■
arithmetical computation, will, as soon as the re-
turns snah be complete, ascertain and announce'1
the appoidonment, and that certnnily before the:
Section in November next. And, as if to make !'
tins intention and provision the more clear and ^
emphatic, the proviso at the close of the section ii
makes .m express and conirastinjj provision, that >.
in the event tnat an appoitionmcnt under ctnynew '
enumeration shall not have been made prior to the
election, then the number of electors shall be the
same as under the old apportionment.
This, to my mind, is conclusive of the question.
Moreover, the uniform practice in all preceding
presidential elections has been in accordance with
this opinion, or I might, perhaps, with more pro-
priety, say that my opinion has been based upon
the Constitution and Laws, as I have quoted them,
and as they are.elucidated by the uniform practice
of the Government.
I do not think I have overrated the importance
of this question. It certainly involves the highest
rights and interests of "the States—the exercise of
the elective franchise in the election to the highest
offices in their gift. To enjoy that right, and exer-
cise that franchise in an effective manner, it is in-
dispensable for them to know how many votes
they are respectively entitled to. But upon this
point, as I have before remarked, there are oppo-
site opinions; some contending that they are to
! vote under one apportionment, and others irrsisting
' that another apportionment, is to determine the
number of votes they shall give. If the old ap-
portionment is to be observed, my own State will
have but three electoral votes; whereas, under the
new one she will have four. Differences much
greater than this, with other States, will be made
by the adoption of the one, or the other, appor-
tionment. Some States will lose, and others will
gain votes and relative weight in the election, to
the extent, in several instances, of from three to
four, and perhaps of five votes.
| I urge, then, not only the importance of the
: question itself, but the urgent necessity of dispos-
| ing of it, by early action upon the resolution I
j have submitted. I move its reference to the Com-
! rnittce on the Judiciary.
! The motion was agreed to.
| CONVENTION "WITH BRAZII..
!! Mr. MASON. I ask the Senate to take up a
I joint resolution, which I offered the other day,
j to extend the time of the commission under tfie
; convention with Brazil. Jt. is necessary that, if
i anything is done m relation to it, it should be
j done, at the latest, by the second of March, and
! that day is now near at hand.
! The jomt resolution was read a second time,
; and considered by the Senate as in Committee of
, the Whole.
: The resolution is as follows:
i Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
! the United States of America m Congress assembled, That
! the act entitled "An act to carry into effcct the Convention
j between the United States and the Emperor of Bra/,il, of
i the 27th day of January, in the yearl849,>* approved March
I 20,1850, shall be and the same is hereby continued in force
for the period of nine months fiom and a('ter the fn>t day;
of March, in the jear 1&>2.
Mr. MASON. The necessity for the extension
of that commission is shown in a communication
from the Secretary of State, as communicated to
I us by the President of the United States. There
II is a provision in the treaty with Brazil which stip-
| ulates that all the claimants aguinst Brazil shall
| have evidence furnished them from that country to
, establish their claims, if need be: hut, from the
extent of territory through which that evidence
; was to be sought, it was found impracticable to
1 obtain that evidence before the commission would
expire. The Secretary of State consequently rec-
1 ommends that the commission should be extended
for nine months; but, on consultation with the
; Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] and he with
the commissioner, I have become satisfied that it
, would be most expedient not to extend the time
! for a period longer than four months; and I move
; to amend the resolution by striking out the word
i "nine," m the ninth line, and inserting the word
: "four," so that it shall read, shall be, and Jrhe
same is hereby continued in force for the period of
, four months from and after the first day of March,
, in the year 1852."
The amendment was agreed to, and the joint res-
olution was reported to the Senate. The amend-
ment adopted by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in, and the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing; and was subsequently read a third time and
passed.
-CHARLES G. HUNTER.
Mr. CLEMENS submitted the (''('lowing reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee ok Xaval Affair*. in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of refunding to
Charles G. Hunter the amount of lossos sustained by Him
Willie commanding the steamer " Scourge" and the
schooner " Taney," fbr supplies, for which tha proper
vouchers were not taken.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, of Jowa, the
Senate resumed the consideration of the bill grunt-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
to the State of Iowa in aid of the construction
of certain railroads in that State.
The pending question was on the amendment
submitted by the Committee on Puhlie Lands, as
a substitute for the entire bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then renewed his amend-
ment, as an additional section, which, after being
under discussion for some time, he withdrew a
few days ago, to facilitate action upon the com-
mittee's substitute.
Mr. GEYER addressed the Senate until the
usual hour of adjournment; when, without finish-
ing, he yielded the floor, and the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 24, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business before the
House is House bill No. 104, being a bill granting
the right of way and making a donation of public
lands to the State of Missouri, to aid m the con-
struction of certain railroads therein. The ques-
tion immediately pending is the motion to refer
the bill to "the Committee of the Whole on th 
state of the Union; upon which question the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would ask
the permission of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina to make a report from the Committee or, In-
dian Affairs. I would not make this request if it
were not for an important matter.
Mr. ORR. Several days have elapsed since I
obtained the floor, and I am not disposed to delay
submitting my remarks any longer. I wish to
proceed now." I would like to oblige my friend.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask my friend to allow me
one moment, that I may modify the amendment
proposed by me to the amendment of my col-
league, [Mr. Hall.]
~r. ORR. I have no objection to yielding for
ttfat nurpose.
Mr. PHELPS. I make the following modifi-
:ation of my amendment.
[A copy of this was not obtained. It will be
mblished hereafter.]
Mr. ORR. I propose submitting a few remarks
upon the bill now before the House for considera-
tion. I have examined its provisions with great
care and attention, and have come to the conclu-
sion to cast my vote for it. I shall, therefore,
proceed to state briefly the reasons which have
operated upon my mind in bringing me to that
conclusion. The first question that is presented
to the investigation of the House is this: Has the
Congress the constitutional power to make the
donations contemplated in this bill ? In the Con-
stitution is the following clause: r
" That Conirrexs shall have powerto disjwse of and make
all needful rules and regulations respecting the terntory or
other property belonging to the United States.''
I suppose that the power conferred by this
clause upon the Congress of the United States is
as ample, lull, and complete, as any other power
vested by that instrument in Congress. And the
only limitation to that power, ill my opinion, is
an implied trust that the Congress, in mnlcincr
that disposition of the public lands, shall dispose
of them in such a manner as most effectually to
promote the interests of all the States. Now, this
bill proposes to carry out, as 1 conceive, the con-
stitutional power vested in the Congress for dispos-
ing of the public lands. I do not think Congress
would have the power to give away all of the pub-
lic lands; for in that way the Government would
not be carrying out this implied trust. By virtue
of her right as the proprietor of the public domain,
the Government" has the right to give away one
half of the public lands, that the remaining half may
be enhanced in value. Is not that a sound prin-
ciple? Is it not a correct principle' 1 do not
