2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
but to indemnify them from loss. That, to be
sure, would have been a gratuity; but not such a
one ,i-3 is asked for now. They asked indemnity
for losses, and appealed not to the justice of Con-
gress, but to their liberality; and what was the
answer ? We turned a deaf ear to their request.
I believe that not a single member of the Senate
favored their petition. Why is it that we thus j
make fish of one and flesh of another—that we ■
iefuse fo do equity to one party, and shower it m '
superabundant liberality upon another? Why is j
it that we, who never pay for a contract for can- i
non, powder, or provisions, or anything else more
than we stipulate for, desire to pay to this printer 1
an enormous gratuity? What particular merits j
had he? Did he perform his contract exceedingly :
well? lias he a particular claim upon the liberal- i
ity of Congress? Recollect what was said in a .
report made by the special committee in the other j
House, upon this subject. It may be useful to
recall the statements of that report. I beg leave to |
ask the attention of the Senate to the facts which I !
propose to state. A part of Mr. Ritchie's contract '•
was to furnish paper of a given quality, and a cer- |
tain weight per ream. The testimony of a person j
employed in his orfi^ewas, that he did furnish pa- \
per of that quality and weight for the numbers of
the documents which were laid upon the desks of
the members; but that, for the long numbers—far
exceeding m amount those laid upon our tables,
.sometimes one hundred fold—he furnished infe-
rior paper, costing several dollars less. This was
.i systematic business. For the number placed
upon our tables, a certain kind of ink called
*' book ink" was used, which, I think, cost forty
cents a pound; but for the long numbers, winch
were to be sent to our constituents, without our
inspection, for whom anything was good enough,
twenty-five-oent ink was used. That is the tes-
timony, and that is the sort of performance of his
'vohtmet—the exact and faithful perfonnau .e of the
contract, for which he now demands tins fatuity!
The Senator from Illinois has asked, how can
we condemn this, who, when some nine or ten
years ago, we had a majority of Congri ss gave
fo the printers of that Congress a larger compen-
sation than they were entitled to? i \vi! tell you
how. The pnnteis, in 1841, were elected under
the joint resolution of 1S10, which was, in eveiy
essential, the law of the land. This law lixed the
Mre<3 at which Hie printer to Congtess should be
paid, ft was aliened, when the resolution fo which
ilie iu.s - deired was made, that the joint j
!<\sohr mi l tin:; a law, it could not be k pealed or i
diminished in its force, cxccptby lair. It ;jad never !
<>«vn repealed by I wv. It is true that, at the com- ;
moneeinent of the session of 1841, we luol elected j
j'linteis to trie two Houses of Congress, and that ■
we stipulated 11 nit the Kites of compensati <n should .
be twenty per cent, under the puces of 1811).
That was the stipulation made by the l- r nate for i
us-'if, and by iho House of Represent, uves for j
iiself. I'ut this agreement was not in c< nformity |
with law. The Uw of 1819 was still out -nndin^. i
[ do not di'ny that i *hirik, accoidms: to th spirit of |
fairness ai'd !hiiii>Tan",ement by which tin piiuters ■
were elected, they um/ht not to have re>-. .ved the 1
i wenty p 'i < ent. They had a legal teciur-a! cluim :
to it; but i also think, in fairness, it should have
Ween constdeied as waived, because they hid made i
a special contract f->r doing the wotk. [ do not
complain that the Se-ia'or condemns that trans-
ition; hut what justification does that which is
pronounced a.  manage U-n years ago, offer to
what is pro lo'iiiced to bo and is a mum greater
outrage ,jnv;: Mi tit we >; t oif one piece of Gal-
iihinisia with another5 It js common, nowa-
days, to t°.ik ai«out Gaiphinism, and I >-.;all talk
of it, >f tins resolution passes, with much more
propriety and force th m those who denounce the
transaction winch originated *he term. In that
case a sum of moruv was paid out of the Treas-
ury in piu'su ore of a lu.w passed ity Congress,
and upon th-? decision of the Attorney tJ-enerab
A large omou.it of interest was paid; and it is to
be obs'-n-vt-o m that croe,if one of the parties had
been an nnlivdun5 msteau of the Government, a
court of o'l^ver/ would have enforced the pay-
ment of the n tic rest. Nay, more; thev would
have f • -;<> s-:interest, because there
a iifvto, who iii 'u th" fund, who had mis-
applied the l.n.d—- - no hcid received the profits of
the fund,and, m all such < asts, a court of chan-
cery, holding the party liable, would have made
him pay compound interest. That is declared to
be a monstrous outrage; and Galphinism is now
a cant word among party men. But I ask what
is there in Galphinism half so outrageous as this
proposition, which is to take from the Treasury
a large amount of money—we know not how
much—upon no pretense of law, but in the teeth
of a contract not meritoriously performed? The
Senator from Maine estimates the amount of gra-
tuity which Mr. Ritchie will receive under this
amendment, at $200,000. I do not know whether
that is too large; but whether it is so or not—
whether the amount is only half that sum, or, if
we take $50,000 out of the Treasury—nay, if we
take anything to give to a contractor who is not
entitled to it according to the stipulation of his
contract—not entitled to it, because of any meri-
torious performance of his contract, we will do
that which is quite as serious a wrong as anything
which is implied in the term (iGalphinism." If
it had been common for Congress to make gra-
tuities—if it had been common for Congress to
relieve from hard contracts those who entered into
them unadvisedly, and that cannot be said in this
case, there would be some sort of justification for
this; there would be the justification of precedent
and usage; but there is no such precedent, cer-
tainly, in the case of public contractors. In the
case 1 have mentioned, that of Wendell & Van
Benthuysen, you refused the application as if it j;
had been a trifling impertinence, and not a serious ||
appeal to your liberality. j|
The honorable Senator from Alabama says, jj
where is the proof that this large sum of money \\
will be given to Mr. Ritchie if this amendment j|
passes? Sir, we can but reason from what we II
know. Is it reasonable to think that we should jj
have a demand made upon us at all, unless he wq£ j'
to get something to which he was not entitled? i,
lie does not pretend that there is any money due ||
him which the Government will not pay. He asks i|
for that to which he is not entitled; and as to the ['•
amount of it, we must get it from men competent J
to inform us. If I had expected this debate to
come up to-night, i should have been prepared to
show something about it; but I have m my hand |
a paper, the " Daily Globe," of the 26th of Au- .
gust, ftom which I will read. From the editorial, 1
1 read the following :
aIW. 1 will undo take fo establish before .my compe- .
1<*m Jiihunn! tiiut lite - heavy clami^, scaioelc les- than i
0,001),' and tlie • tnoic than >-10.000' wind) .Mr. liitclnc |
propo-<\s to thro i* in, to Coi'gres-. to give Jinn In* new j
terms, aio 'itto.'lv unfounded in cve.y ju-t con-vm {ion of !
Cilliei In-;, bid oi hw contract. The bills which he hn«< pie- 1
seated )uve hem repotted asani-t 1-v the (Jo.imistteo on ■
Piimintf oi the Senate, arid although Mr Ruelne may have i
induced the c be-r jim^N in th" country" to p.oriounce in !
tavoi ot them, from an e.r parte repieseniatio.i and IhNe j
statement ot the tenm< of ins contract, jet ha cautiously j
alMaun-fioin a>king Oonjjiess by law, to nuthouse Hie do- j
eciion of the<o claims to benuul'J by the judicial tribunal*:, ,
to-wliieh question*, purely legal, between the Government (
and a citizen, aie usually submitted. Mi. Ritchie avoids a ■
tnal vvheio both sides cn.i be heard. ;
•••1th. I will prove thai Mr. llitelise".« con-tant clamor, i
that lthe immense quantity of jitthlic >r<jil: <lo e u/i<!ei his '
coi.hni I' is a grievance, j*? f*heei ]iypOxMi«>y—that the extra 1
fjiesntity wiiteb his tiiends voted bun, aj*d which he ox-
c!a;ni< auam.-t the eau>e of Ins imn, lias been the real \
fonice o' Isi* pmtlt.and sjiouid have tared him iroui lo^s ;
U'idei in-* contract. Jf<• prcteiiil- now, that he icfu^cd my >
oil'ei to give him a preimuni to let mo take tne bnrden onm- !
plained ol nom lu^ >houlders, because he -had no conti- !
d.'nce m jay doing the work well. I oiTered to give him |
hoed ami g'-od ^eeuiity, and take the journejman in liirf \
o'Tire, m wno>e name he (Ritelnc) held the contract, to j
superintend and--ee it well done. Knowing that tins was i
too ah.dlow a pietext. he adds, that he had every reason to i
believe that f would t/iopc my areolaris <?o as co operate 1
against kts claim JoricUef' ;
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 desire to ask if there is i
any proof attached to that publication ? t
?vJr. Pi^ARCE. Aro, it is the statement of ■
John C. Hives, editor of iheGrlobe. 1
Mr. CLEMEiNS. Tiien it is a personal con- '
troversy. [
Mr. PEA.RCE. There is something more than |
that. There is nobody here prepared to give an 1
acount and show how much Mi. Ritchie lost. !
What does the honorable Senator from Conneeti- j
cut propose? That we shall pay Mr. Ritchic i
•-.10,000, over and above wha' he would receive !
from his contract. '
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. Rives ls one of the
very intu who lias executed the printing for Con- ,
. gross. Did he ever do it for less than thirty per
| cent, belov the prices of 1819?
Mr. PEA.RCE. His contract some years ago |
, was for twenty-five per cent, under these prices, s
and Mr. Ritchie made a contract of a different
sort, under the law of 1846, which required it to
be let to the lowest bidder. He made H with full
experience, for a part of the public printing for the
prior Congress, under this same act of 1846, had
been executed at his office; and because Mr. Rives
made a contract some years before, under a dif-
ferent law, at prices rather better than Mr. Ritch-
ie's, therefore we are now to disregard the con-
tract and the law, and put a fortune'into the con-
tractor's pocket. That seems to be the argument.
I confess I do not understand the force of it. I
said that the honorable Senator from Connecticut,
ma spirit, I think, of liberality, proposes to give
Mr. Ritchie $10,000 more than the contract prices;
but that is not enough. One would think it would
satisfy a horse-leech; butitis not enough,it seems.
My honorable friend from Arkansas, who is not
usually given to extravagant liberality, if 1 under-
stand his proposition, proposes to give him $50,000
more than his contract allowance. He has more
of a practical knowledge of printing than I have,
and perhaps more than most of us have, and he
thinks that these would be very good terms for
Mr. Ritchie. I am informed that, the Senator
added, that by giving the $50,000, Mr. Ritchie
would have $20,000 clear profit. It -seems, then,
that we are, in this case, although we refused in-
demnity heretofore, to give more than an indem-
nity to Mr. Ritchie. We are to indemnify him
for all his losses, and fill his pockets when, as I
said before, he is not entitled by meritorious ser-
vices to any particular favor at our hands. I
never heard the statement denied that the long
numbers of the documents contained paper vastly
inferior to that of the sample which his contract
bound him to furnish. He made large sums of
money by using that inferior paper. This fact
is not denied, and yet we are called upon to give
him indemnity for his alleged losses, and to put
at least £>50,000 into his pocket. How much the
proposition of the Senator from Illinois will yield
to him, no one can tell.
Mr. SMITH. I will remind the Senator that
the Senator from Maine says that the nmendment
will give Mr. Ritchie $200,000 over the contract
prices. The Senator from Arkansas says it will
give htm $214,000.
Mr. CLEMENS. We want the proof of that.
Mr. PEARCE. These are opinions which 1
am glad to have. We cannot always have proof,
and it behooved those who introduced this propo-
sition to bring the proof. They who maintained
the affirmative of the proposition, those who are
ready, as a " measure of justice," or liberality, to
pass this amendment, ought to be prepared to show
the amount of the liberality which they intend to
bestow. It is for them to bring proofj not for us
who object to that course and stick to thecontract.
They have failed to produce the proof. We have
the opinions of two Senators, of whom one is
now chairman of the Printing Committee, as was
the other at the beginning of the session, and one
of whom, I believe, was once connected with the
press. They tell us what they think the amend-
ment will give to the contractor. "We are entitled
to look to the opinions of those gentlemen, instead
of that proof which ought to be furnished on the
other side. If there has been a loss they should
show it.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 desire to ask the Senator
a question. I recollect that a proposition was in-
troduced by a Senator from Missouri, who has
not now a place upon this floor, (Mr. Benton,) to
elect a public printer and pay him twenty per
cent, less than the prices of 1819. My recollec-
tion is that the Senator from Connecticut and the
Senator from Maryland both voted for it. It is a
matter of recollection with me merely. Now wc
propose to put it at fifty per cent, less than the
prices of 1819. I ask the Senator if he did not
vote for that proposition ?
Mr. PEARCE. If the gentleman alludes to
any contract, all I have to say is, that I remember
nothing about it. If he alludes to a proposition
some two years ago to make compensation to Mr.
Ritchie, or extra allowance to him, I did not vote
for it.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 do not refer to that. I
refer to Mr, Benton's resolution.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have not the slightest recol-
lection of any such proposition. 1 do not know
when it was made. This I do know, that jus'
before Mr. Ritchie made his contract, I endeavored
