1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6*21
design entering into nn elaborate constitutional ar-
gument upon this subject; but I will quote some
authorities which may satisfy the minds of gentle-
men who doubt upon this point, which are more
concise and infinitely better than any argument
which I might make. To them I desire to call the
attention especially of the members from the old
States who seem to be prejudiced against this bill,
because, forsooth, it does not provide for giving
lands to the old States. The first authority is that
of Mr. Calhoun. I deed not say, Mr. Speaker,
that that authority with me, perhaps has more
weight than the authority of any other statesman i
Jiving or dead. Whether gentlemen agree with '
Mr. Calhoun in his general views, or not, it will '
be conceded by all, I suspect, that he was at least
s .strict constructionist of the Constitution of the i
United States, and that lie was the last man who '
figured in public life who would have been dis- j
posed by his acts to confer upon the General
Government greater powers than those which the \
Constitution plainly give. In the debate in 1848 !
in the Senate, on the bill making a donation of
public Isolds to the State of Illinois, Mr. Calhoun
participated. He said:
^'The question in this case Is a very simple one.
We are authorised by the Constitution to" dispose of the :
public lands. Here is a public improvement, projected
either by the State, or by individuals xn the State through
which it will pass, and by which the value of the public >
lands will he enhanced. If, then, it will add to the I
value of our laud-=, ought we not to contribute to it.5 Would ■
we not, as individuals, thus act? This i.- not a novel prm- ■
ciple. it has been acted upon tnr moie than twenty yeafs. |
The case ot the canal conneethi^ the Illinois river with !
Lake Michigan h a striking one. Then-, alternate sections
were given to make a canal; and r suppose I oan appeal I
with confidence to the Senators iiom that State, whether
the land* reserved to the United States were not disposed of
afterward* readily >
''Mr. Bref^e, (in his seat.) Thousands of acres were lj
deposed of, which would othmvj*e nevei have been sold. !j
'•Mr. Calhoun. ( have helilom given a vote the j
result of which gratified me more than thy vote which J 1
gave on that occasion. T then presided in that chair which I
you now occupy, an*} cave the easting vote. I take to my- !
self, therefoif, some share in the credit of that, magnificent -
improvement. Indeed, f do not think that there bapun- j
ciple more perfectly clear from doubt than this one is. It ;
does not belong to the category of internal improvements at
all. Jt is not   power claimed hy the Government as a ,
government, ft belongs to the fJovcmment a< a landed
propnetor. And L will add, that it i< nof only a right but ,
a duty, and an important duty. Now, what lias been con- !
sidered an equitable arrangement between the (Government i
and the Sta'e which may undertake an improvement pa«s- ;
ing through the pobite lands' Long since, it wa« auieed
that the jriain of altprnaxc section* was a fair conmbution 1
on the pail of the United States, consideied a^ a propnetoi, 1
and from which the United States would ht a veiv area! ■
gamer. It iippeius to me to he an ctjuttable .11 ranjjement;
and I douht whether, in rmj cn-c, firhfr of a can,-si or a
laihoad passing tJirouirh the puhli.- hiucN.tho United £n'e>
will not b« a fratner. To mat extent lam prepared to^go,
be the road long or *hoit; if it be lon , jou gain the more,
if it he dhort, you gam the Ic*s : and you contribute 111 pio- i
portion to jour gain." „ !
That is one authority to which X wish especially ;
to call the attention of members from the old :
States, who are disposed to raise a constitutional
question against this bill. There is another au- j
ihority, which I think will bo considered upon this '
side of the House [Democratic] a very high one, !
from which I will read. General Ca^, m that .j
debate, in presenting the reasons why he would
support the bill, said:
'•'This bill does not touch the question of internal tin- i
provement at all. It averts no li^ht on the paitof tins Gov- ^
eminent to lay out n ioad, or to rejruJut'.' tb« conjunction of
a road. The Federal Covernnicnn^ a great land-holder; it i
possesses an extensive; public domain; and we nave the
power, under the Constitution, to dispose of that domain; ,
and a very unlimited power it u. The simple quesnou is, ,
what disposition we may make of the public lands? No one ;
will contend for the doctrine that we cannot give them ii
away to a Slate. As the Senator from Kentucky has said,
every President has wsfiied bill asserting the principle that !i
these lands may he deposed of by the Genoa! Government, j!
without roi-luctjon a*< to ihc purpose of such disposition, lj
We may bc-tow them lor school psupose-s, or we may be ,
stow a portion lor ii;e purpose of improving the value of the I!
rest. What right have vou to *it Mil! and see jour lands
grownu'in value, tbi oush the mstrumentality ol' iudivuluals, 1 ■
wnhoi;t rendering any aid in furtherance oJ that object? It 1,
jf? the settlement ot the lands that makes them valuable.n 1,
Genera) Cass subsequently, in the samedebate, ;j
m reply to a constitutional issue made by the gen- \)
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Bacjby,] in a more j
pointed manner maintained the constitutional ;!,
power of Congress to dispose of a portion of the !'
public domain to enhance the value of the remain- :
ing portion. He said:
u I will answer the Senator. The Genera! Government j
has no po.wer to make any raihoad or canal through any i'
State; but the disposal of a port.on ol tho publie domain to >:
raise the value of the re.«t, i« clearly wuhji. tlic power of
this Government."
I find, Mr. Speaker, in the 15th volume of the
*'Congressional Globe," another debate upon the
bill granting alternate sections of the public lands
to the State of Michigan, in which a number of
Senators participated. I believe that at that time
Mr, Niles, of Connecticut, and Mr. Bagby, of
Alabama, were the only two Senators who raised
the constitutional question. In that debate Mr.
1 Calhoun participated, and said:
1 " As far as the Michigan bill was concerned, he under-
! stood the principle was simply giving alternate sections of
the public land for the purpose of enhancing the value of
the remainder. Upon this point he would say that he had
not the slightest doubt that the Government not only had
the right, as proprietor of the public domain, to grant por-
tions of that domain for «uch a puipose, but that it was? the
duty of the Government to do «o. The Government, in his
opinion, ouj*ht to be ashamed ot'allowing their land.- to be
enhanced 111 value hy the eveitions and at the cost of a
State, without contnbuting m fome dcgice to pioduco this
result.^
On that occasion, Mr. Niles, in reply to these
observations, charged Mr. Calhoun with inconsist-
ency in voting for that bill, and with an abandon-
ment of his doctrines upon the subject of internal
improvement. Mr. Calhoun replied to the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, as follows:
" lie (Mr. 0.) acted now on the principle on which he
had acted from the beginning—a principle perfectly clear;
ami not only was it cbMrly the right of the Government lo
make these grants, but he considered that it was the duly of
the Government to do so. They did not in so doing act in
their i-ovcieign capacity. The question of internal im-
provements was- not at all involved, hut simply that of pro-
prietorship, whether, when anything was done to enhance
the value of their lands in the vicinity of the works, they
were not called on and bound in good faith to contribute
something as the pioprletoi-s."
He said, further:
"But,, in tins, and in all e.tses where a ioad passed
^through the public lands-, and application was made when
the woik had been commenced, and there \va% a reasonable 1 a£am
probability that tho value of the public land-would be en- '
hanced, he was m favor of contributing lately, and in so
doing he abandoned «io principle. far as he could judge
1 of tin* localities, the canal would be of \ast importance.
The lauds intermediate, between the teinmn would be
, greatly increased m value. As to the lailroad he could not
I e\prc-s any opinion, but wa< desirous to see u completed,
and lor that purpose was willing to giant tho dc-ired appro-
priation, on condition onl\ that Ihc Government r-hould
I have the u-e of it when reunited lor the conveyance ot
sioiv* au.! uoop->/'
i It appeals that explanation did not satisfy Mr.
; Niles, and he expressed the conviction that there
: way no difference at all between voting1 for the
Cumberland r<>ad and for giving alternate sections
; of the public Umdc?, Mr. Calhoun replies:
; ""\fr. ('. ivmnrki-d, in reply, that if the gentleman could
1 not see a di-unction between the ca-e of the Cumberland
ioad—a work undeuaken hy the («e;ieral Government—and
1 the ca-e 111 winch tho Government, m it- proprietary cSnu-
: aeter, contributes to works undertaken-by States ol- indi-
vidual-", he (>Ir. ('.) conU only evp<es-;/egret. To him
, the diflt-ience wa- ,1^ ,1- that between night and day.
J In the one oa-e ihert was an e\eroi-e of the nchr of f-ov-
: ereignty, in the other finiply thai of ownership."
If J should conclude, Mr. Speaker, to write out
■ the remarks which I am submitting, I will perhaps
J incorporate some other authorities. At present, f
i will not trouble the House by reading any more
! authorities with reference to that point. The de-
scription of internal improvements objected to, as
I understand, by the Republican or Democratic
party* is that where the Government appropriates
money out of the Public Treasury for the purpose
of building roads, or constructing canals in certain
localities. l:i the first place, it is said, and said, I
believe, truly, that Congress has no rn?ht to levy
money upon the people of the United States, for
the purpose of constructing such works. That
power is not granted by the Constitution. Con-
ceding" even that the Government possessed the
power, one of the strong objections, and to my
in works of internal improvement. There is no
analogy, sir, at all.
This bill proposes to donate one half of the pub-
lic lands within six miles 011 either side of the rail-
road to aid in the construction of that work. Does
this reduce the revenue accruing from the sale of
the public lands into the Treasury of the United
States? Not a farthing*, and why? Because the
bill provides that when you give away alternate
sections, that those reserved to the Government
shall be doubled in value; and thus those which you
are now trying to sell at fl 25, lands which would
remain, probably, 111 market for twenty, thirty, or
forty years tit that price, are raised in value to
$2 50, with the confident assurance founfled upon
universal experience, that those lands will sell more
rapidly then at that enhanced price than they do
now at $1 25 per acre. If this was a proposition
simply to give the alternate sections without those
remaining being increased in value—if, in other
words, it reduced the revenue of the Treasury of
! the United States from the sale of the public lands—
' then £ admit the objection of my friend from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] would be'a valid one. But
that objection does not exist to this bill. Jt is a
phantom Hitting only before the imagination of
my friend. That which iias given rise, I suppose,
to it is the fact that he sees no provision in this bill
to extend lands to the old States.
J think I have demonstrated that nothing* is ab-
stracted from the Treasury by the grants for the
construction of these works, and that ali the re-
sources out of which and from which the funds are
to come into the Treasury, are not reduced. If
this is so, how can it be charged that it is involving
the Government of the United States in a system
of internal improvements, which has been warred
against by the Republican or Democratic party
i throughout ali time. My friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] also in the same speech intimated that
it was clearly anti-Democratic, as well as uncon-
stitutional. What are the facts? Almost every
single one of the present heads, or what are called
leaders, of the Democratic parly, have supported
bills identical with this bill in principle, without
an exception scarcely.
I believe Mr. Polk, while he was a member of
Congress lieie in 1828, voted for a bill similar to
i this, to aid in the construction of canals. Mr.
j McDutfie voted for such bills, as you have already
| heard from some of the gentlemen who havepre-
1 ceded me in this debate. General Cass, Mr.
| Douglas, Mr. Davix, of Mississippi, Mr. Cal-
I houn, arid Mr. Houston, in fact the whole of
| those who are noworwerelipretoforelookedupto
■ as the leaders of the Democratic parly, have ad-
i vocated and supported bills identical in principle
| with the bill now upon your table. It is not,
I therefore, anti-Democratic. You may take the
: vpte by which the Illinois bill passed the Senate,
j or the vote by which the Mississippi bill passed,
; and yon will find that a majority of the Demo-
1 crats voted for it. Upon the Mississippi bill there
: were but eight Senators of the entire Senate who
voted against the passage of the bill. 1 think! shall
be able to show that this bill as reported by the
Committee on Public Lands is infinitely a better
bill for this Government than the Mississippi bill.
I will show when Icumeto speak of the bill itself,
that it is not to be scouted from this Hall, first,
either upon the plea that it is unconstitutional, or
seenndjthat it is anti-Renubhean or anti-Demo-
cratic. I do not think mat either of these pre-
texts will be available to drive the bill from this
Hall, and I think the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] does injustice to his own party when
he makes an imputation of that sort; for 1 take it
mind an insuperable objection against the exercise :: that even in this House there is, perhaps, a ma-
of it. would be that you levy money indiscrimi- f jority of the members of the Democratic party
nately, all over the country, upon ali of the citi- ,! who will vote for these bills,
zens, and in constructing these works of interim] [ Having disposed of this oonshtutumal ipieatum
improvement, you benefit sections only. The ad- | more by authority than by argument, and iau-i.i"-
vantage would be local merely. Certain portions 'j also disposed of the question of Democracy, I de-
of the country would be favored, and others would • '* " ' T"r '
not; and it is, therefore, best to leave the construc-
j tion of these works with the States, who will take ,
;i care of their own interests m the premises. Their
!' citizens will be taxed for the construction of those
: works, and they will jeceive the benefit accruing
by the taxation for that purpose. But does this
i case come within that principle' f think one gen-
i' tleman, at the opening of this debate, intimated
|i that this bill washable to all of the objections which
ii' had been urged against the Government embarking .
sire to direct the attention of the Hou^e to the ad-
vantage which is to result to the Government from
the passage of the bill.
What advantage will the Government derive?
The first advantage is this. It will bring lands
into market which have been exposed to sale, and
have not found a purchaser for thirty years. The
road for which this identical lull provides, passes
through a portion of Missouri, ana through public
lands, that have been subject to sale and entry
from fifteen to twenty-five years. Those lands
