1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2397
to obtain in this Senate the passage of a resolu-
tion, by which we should suspend the operation
of the act of 1846, and delay the new contract,
then about to be made, until we could so arrange
its terms as to make its faithful execution more
certain. Many of us were dissatisfied with the
working of the contract system. Members of
the Senate who are now present, will recollect that
I produced samples of the miserable paper and
execrable printing which was furnished under it.
[ fell under the displeasure of some gentlemen on
the other side, for the course which I pursued;
particularly a Senator from Pennsylvania charged
me with endeavoring to put an end to the contract
system, and to restore the prices of 1819. Of
course I entertained no such design, but I desired '
to see something done by which the public print- I
ing might be compelled to be furnished according 1
to the contract. It was thought that my resolution
might interfere with the contract that was after- '
wards obtained by Mr. Ritchie; and so, though I j
think the resolution was passed, it was reconsid- j
ered and lesciuded; and then the contract was j
made by Mr. Ritchie, who was ea^er to get it— !
as eager as he is now to throw it off, and demand 1
more than it allows him. i
I shall not consume any more of the time of the '
Senate on this subject; but I mean that the people i
of this country shall know that although it has j
never been our practice to give gratuities to those |
who enter into contracts, and suffer losses by ,
them, that when we have refused to indemnify one !
contractor who brought before us a statement 1
which we had every reason to suppose to be fair, 1
allowing a loss, yet now, when another contractor j
comes who does not show the amount of his ex-
penditure and losses:, but urges general! osses, which
may be, and no doubt are, to a lartje extent, losses
upon his newspaper publication, instead of leaving
him to be contented with his losses, as Dogberry j,
was, we intend that he shall be a gainer by them, >!
that he shall have a " fortune buckled upon his |
back," and treat the contract and the law as if they ||
were nullities. It is right and proper that this h
thing should be discussed, that everybody may
know that what "justice and liberality" refuses '
to accord to one losing contractor of the Govern-
ment, is readily and profusely granted to another, ^
and for no  ood reason that any one can assign, j,
Mr. TOUCEY. I have not been involved m
any question with regard to the public printing,
nor am I in the midst of the heat of any contro- I
versy of that kind. I think the proposition that j
is now made is a fair and reasonableone. A com- -
mittee of the Senate and of the House have in- JI
quired into the fair prices that should be paid for
printing throughout this country. We have gone !|
into that inquiry and have inquired of the most !,
experienced men, and both Houses of Congress, !,
acting upon the results of it, have made out a tariff ||
of prices. Now the proposition is, that for the 1
printing of the last three years or longer, a com-
pensation shall be made not exceeding the tariff .
that has thus been established; for if I understand j
the proviso annexed to the amendment, it limits j
the compensation to these prices. Is it not just? 1
Is it not right? Is the Congress of the United 1
States, which needs a large amount of printing j
executed, unwilling to pay fair and remunerating \
prices5 If any man has entered into a contract
with us, in times past, by which he has sunk his i
fortune and been ruined, I ask if now, when we ,
are called upon to make an adjustment for the ;
work done, whether we should not do what any ,
fair and honorable man would do m settling a con-
tract with another which had proved ruinous to ■
him ? Does the Government of the United States j
—does the Congress of the United States—wish ,
its printing to be done at less than a fair and rea- ;
sonable price? And if, through accident, or mis-
take, or in any way, you have a bond by which
you throw the reasonable expenses of printing, ■
for this and the other House, upon a private indi-
vidual, which has brought him and his family into j
bankruptcy, are you to exact the penalty upon !
that bond ?
If I understand the proposition which is made, :
it is general. It is not confined to one man. It
extends to the case of Hamilton, and to all the ;
public punting which has been done under con- :
tract. "I say, it is unbecoming the Congress of
the United States to impose the burden of the pub-
lic printing upon any private individual, whoever j
he may be, or of whatever party he may be. We t
are bound, as employers, to pay those who are
engaged to do a necessary service for us, a fair
ana just compensation. We are bound to pay
just and remunerating prices. Now, we have
passed a law, upon full inquiry, establishing a rea-
sonable rate of prices for our printing, and I un-
derstand the proposition is, that you should settle
the existing contracts of those who have done the
public printing for two or three years upon the
same terms. I must confess it strikes me as a fair j
and reasonable proposition. With regard to the 1
suggestion of the Senator from Maryland, as to |
the deficiency of the paper, the amendment pro- j
vides for that by requiring payment to be made j
according to the actual cost of the papei, and if j
any portion of the printing way done upon paper !
th.it is of le«>s value than any of the rest, it is to ;
be paid for according to the actual cost.
I regret that a question of this kind should be- ;
come a political question. It ought not to be so. I
It is a question of justice to individuals, and if ]
there is any class of men in theconntry who ought j
to be compensated it is the worlang-men—it is the ;
class of men who are engaged in this business. I |
repeat, I think the proposition now before the |
Senate is just and reasonable, and what an honest 1
and just man would be ready to do in his own '
affair. j
Mr. HALE. J rise to gain information. I was !
out of the Chamber when the amendment was !
read. 1 desire to ask if the account which the !
honorable Senator from Connecticut has just given !
of it is correct; for if it be it will commend itself [
to my judgment more favorably than i had sup- ,
posed. I understood him to say that this is a ,
general proposition—that it is not special, applying j
to Mr. Ritchie alone, but includes Mr. Hamilton, ■
and I suppose Wendell & Van IJenthuy sen. 1 ask
that the amendment may be read. j
The amendment was accordingly read. j
Mr. IIALE. I see, then, that it is not so. The j
Senator from Connecticut is mistaken. It applies |
only to the Thirty-first Congress, and does not ,
apply to the former contractors. Then, if there j
is anything in the argument of the Senator, it is I
obnoxious to the very charge from which he en-
deavored to vindicate it, and that is, that it is *
special and applying to one individual. j
Mr. TOUCEY". It ought to be general. I j
thought it was. |
Mr. HALE. Then I suppose, as the Senator j
was mistaken, lie is not in favor of the proposi- j
j tion, for he condemned it if it was special. [
I will say now, as 1 have always said, that I I
desire not only to do justice to Mr. Ilitclne, but to j
be liberal to him. I have always desired to be so. !
I have said so to friends in the Senate, and out of;
the Senate. But, sir, i do want to see, before i i
vote for this, a report of a committee, or a state- I
ment of Mr. Ritchie, or somebody fur him, by j
| which I may see that he has lost money, and how !
much he has lost. If anything of that sort has j
been submitted to the Senate, 1 have not seen it. \
If there be any such statement, I am ready to act
upon it. I am not governed by any consideuitiun, j
except a desire to do justice to an old man. Mr. j
Ritchie is an old man. He is a gentleman, who ;
' stands very high with a great party in this coun- j
! try, and so far as 1 have known any thing of him, ,
i I have hud no reason to find fault with bun. Ho ,
' used to rub me pretty hard sometimes, n is tine,
i but it was nothing more than was fair in politics. ;
i 1 have no animo-ity to him. I deshe to be just
, and liberal to him, but 1 desire,as a Senator, that
. I may have the daty.by which to determine v, hether
he lost anything, and what he loht. 1 will take
Mr. Ritchie's word for it, or I will take the stale- ,
merit of any committee who may investigate the
matter. Iiut I am unwilling to %ote m the uaik. ;
II is said that this amendment will give Mr. Ritchie
■ $,100,000 or ^900,000. I say again I am now ilhng
to do anything in the dark, but I am wiilmg, jf a
statement is submitted by which to aid as m our
action, to be just and generous.
Mr. TOUCEY. I supposed that the language
of the amendment was broad enough to include
the compensation of those who have held contracts
before. I thought it would include Mr. Hamil-
ton. I think it ought to do so. I will vote for
any amendment, or any proposition that will
place him or any other contractor upon the same
ground; because I hold that it is the duty of this
Government and of Congress to pay those who
are engaged in its service fair and remunerating
prices; and if they have entered into a contract
under a misapprehension, or in any other manner,
and do not obtain fair and remunerating prices, 1
will give them to them, and especially to those
who, notwithstanding the ruinous nature of their
contracts, have gone on and met our demands, so
as not thereby to impede the public business.
That is the principle upon which I act; and I
should not shrink in the application of it to any
case whatever.
Mr. BORLAND. I will not repeat what I said
before as to the considerations which actuated me
m the suggestion I made to the Senate; but remarks
have been made which call for a few words m ex-
planation of my proposition. My proviso pro-
vides further, that the amount to be paid for said
printing over and above the amount which would
be paid under the terms, and at the rafts of the
contract for the same, shall not exceed $50,000.
Some Senators have said that they couid not act,
for want of data; others have 'said that iliey
wanted the calculation in figuies, upon which I
and the Senator from Maine had stated the amount
which would be paid to the printer, under the pro-
viso of the Senator from Illinois. I do not pre-
tend to be accurate to a dollar. I do not pretend
to any precision of calculation. I stated the result,
however, of a very long and patient calculation,
which I believe to have been as accurate as it is in
the power of any man in this city to make; and I
did state, and I repeat, that the figures? are here.
If any Senator desires to look at them, they will
convince him, beyond a doubt, that if this printing
be paid for at one half the prices of 1819, the
printer will receive ^214,000 more than the contract
would £ive him.
The Senator from Illinois callcd our attention to
a further limitation in his amendment as to the
price, which did not strike my ear at the moment
it was read It brings the amount to be paid
within the prices allowed by the printing bill which
we passed a day or two ago, but against which I
voted. I admit, that restricting it within the rates
provided for in that bill, it would be something
less, but I do not believe that the prices provided
for in it will be a great deal less than fifty percent,
off the prices of 1819. As I stated the other day,
previous to giving my vote, an exact comparison
cannot be made between the pricesof 1819, or any
deduction from them, and the bill which we passed,
because the paper is excluded in the bill that
passed the other day. It is a difficult matter to
separate the paper, which has heretofore, under
the prices of 1819, been included in the press-
work, folding, stitching, &c.
My proposition is a practical one, a specific one,
which it seems to me there is no difficulty in un-
derstanding, and no necessity for dataand calcula-
tions to make it intelligible to the Senate. The
proposed object of the proviso of the Senator from
Illinois, is to save the contractor from lo^, and al-
low hirn n fair compensation for his labor. Will
that Senator, or any one else, say that he desires
to pay more than $ft0,000 to cover that loss? I ap-
prehend no;. I have never heard it pretended thai
the losses were so much. It may be so, hut it has
never come to my ear m a way in which I could
understand or appreciate it. I stated that I believe1.!
Mr. Ritchie had lost moie on his contract for ihi-;
reason: In 1849, when I entered upon the duties
of chairmao of the Committee on Printing, I took
up his contract, and carefully examined it. I took
up Wendell cvr Van lJeniha>\-eirs, who had been
the coiur.t'inrs of the preceding Congress, and \
found that M r. Ritchie5s contiact—or Trcnhonn d.
I>lt V—piovided for rates below those of WVpO'-I I
& Van Beiulmysen. Wendell vV Van Benthuvsen,
in the lart^i part of the session of 164^ and 1^4:\
piesented a rot-mm tal to the Senate, whi< h h^d 1 em
icferrcd to the Committee on Pumn g, whicu
proved, beyond a doubt, that they had lost S17,000.
There wa^ a h^s proved. \ had no doubt of tha
amount., and 1 found that Mr. Ritchie had Uikeo
the work ai a less price. 1 beliea d then, from
uhdt J thought would be the amount of work or-
dered under his contract, that he could not possibly
lose less than $23,000 or **>30,000. What did I do :
I diew up a letter, as chairman of the committer,
which met with the conein rence of the committee,
to the contractors, telling ihem " that Wendell fc
' Van Benthuysen's coatiact has proved a los&s of
k£.]7,000. i find, by compering- your cont/a't.
' that you have undertaken the work for less. To
' my mind, the resnh is inevitable. If you go o",
