622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
have not been sold, and why ? Because they are
situated so remote from market, so remote from j
navigable waters, so remote from all the conve-
niences of life, so remote from timber—for a large
portion of the land consists of prairies—that per-
sons have been deterred from occupying and set-
tling them. Give them the facilities of a railroad;
give them the opportunity of bringing timber to
these prairies', give them facilities for sending off
produce to market, and you will find those lands
that have been reserved to this Government selling
rapidly at $2 50 per acre, when they have remained
now in market for twenty years, not bringing a
dollar and a quarter per acre.
This Missouri bill provides for donating alter-
nate sections of the public lands between the
towns of Hannibal, on the Mississippi river, and
St. Joseph, upon the Missouri river, lying for
thirty miles west of the Mississippi, and for about
the same distance east of the Missouri. All the
public lands have been taken up, so that, although
the line of railroad is a very long one, yet theie
are sixty miles of that distance where the company
will not receive an acre of land. The settlements
there go to illustrate the truth of the theory which
I laid down, that when settlers are brought within
convenient distances of navigable rivers or of rail-
roads, the public lands are taken up. Where
these facilities are not convenient, the public lands
lie idle—are of no sort of use to the States, Gen-
eral Government, or any person. In many regions
of the country there are public lands, as I have
already stated, which have been exposed to sale
for many years for $1 25 an acre, but remain un-
sold , and will remain unsold for fifty years to come,
unless improvements of this kind are projected
and the lands brought into market.
I might speak of the lands in Florida. The
Committee on Public Lands will report a bill for
the purpose of constructing a railroad there, ex-
tending from eighty to one hundred miles in
length, where there are no settlements at all. In
my own State, a railroad was constructed from
Charleston to Hamburg, passing through a pine
country, where the land was not worth more than
from ten to fifty cents per acre. These lands rarely
found a purchaser because they were valuable only
as a range. Since the construction of that road, the
lands have increased in value all along the line of
the road from ten cents per acre to $2 50 and $5 00
per acre. It is not for the purpose of cultivation,
but on account of the valuable timber lying along
the road, and within the means of transporting
the turpentine which theseforests may afford, that
the lands have risen so much in value. I under-
take to say that in Florida, the description of lands
of which I have been speaking, will remain unen-
tered for onehundred years, unless some public im-
provement of this nature is projected and carried
out. The Government, then, by making these do-
nations, not only benefits the States or the railroad
companies, but it also beneiits itself, and it brings
hundreds of thousands of dollars into your Treas-
ury, which otherwise would not be derived from
the lands. I suspect when you go to the West j
you will find in many places valuable and fertile j
lands, capable of producing wheat and corn and
cotton, which are not entered at $1 25 per acre.
And why? Because they have not facilities for
market. The increase in value of land in the new
States, consequent upon the construction of works
of internal improvement, will be greater than in the
old States. And why? Because the land of the
new States in better, the soil more fertile, and
consequently the production greater. It is a.virgin j
soil—better than that of the Atlantic slope. I do '
not believe, from all my knowledge of geography,
that there is a country upon the face of the earth
that has such an extent of rich lands as the Mis-
sissippi valley—lands that will produce from a j
thousand to fifteen hundred pounds of cotton per
acre, and from sixty to seventy bushels of corn.
Give the cotton planter, or, for instance, give the
farmer facilities for market, and is he not better
able to pay $2 50 per acre than he would SI 25 !
for land which was forty or fifty miles from mar- :
ket, and where his corn would not be worth more j
than five or ten cents a bushel? The committeehave !
assumed, m framing this bill, that, as a general rule, '
the lands lying within six miles on both sides of '
a railroad will certainly increase in value 100 per
c&nt. I think { can bring some testimony here
which might satisfy the gentleman from Georgia
[Mr. Toombs] that the construction of railroads
increase the price of lands, and that greatly. I
desire to state, (and if I do not state the fact cor-
rectly I hope the gentleman will correct me,) that
in the Cherokee country, a region that twelve
years ago had no facilities for market at all, their
corn was not worth more than ten or twelve cents
per bushel. Since that time they have constructed
a.road there; and in a conversation with an intel-
ligent gentleman from that country a day or two
ago, he said to me, that the lands had increased in
value along the line of that road, for thirty miles
on both sides, from 100 to 2,000 per cent. The
committee assumed that land lying along the lines
of these roads for six miles would certainly in-
crease in value 100 per cent. In many instances,
I have no doubt it will greatly exceed 100 per
cent, and reach 500 per cent., and in some cases
reach even 1,000 per cent. But six miles is as-
sumed by the committee as the distance upon the
average on either side, and that the increase in
value will at least reach 100 per cent. I think the
settlers in the new States ought to be liberally
treated by this Government, for it requires a bold
and enterprising man to give up and renounce all
the conveniences and luxuries to be met with in
the old States—to take leave of the home of his
childhood, the friends of his youth and maturer
years, to plunge into a western forest. All this
requires courage and enterprise. These people
deserve liberal treatment from the Government,
and are especially entitled to receive it, when the
Government does not injure itself or the other
States of the Confederacy by extending it. They
have but little capital there, and that is one reason
why these donations should be made. W^hen
persons emigrate to the West or Southwest, as a
general rule, all the capital they carry with them
is their industry and enterprise. If you give them
these lands so as to enable them to purchase iron
for the construction of roads to be realized by a
sale of the land, their industry will accomplish the
balance, and they will benefit themselves and you.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to submit a few re-
marks upon some of the details of this bill. It is
provided that where the lands have been taken up
within the six miles by entry, the company shall
be allowed to go a distance of fifteen miles for the
purpose of making up this quota. Well, that
feature, I am free to acknowledge, did not meet
my approbation fully, but I have waived any
serious objection to it that would have led me to
vote against the bill. The Government is amply
compensated by allowing this extension from six
to fifteen miles. In the first place, it is provided
that the mails shall be carried over these roads,
not at such prices as the company and the Gov-
ernment shall agree upon, but at such price as
Congress shall fix—leaving it absolutely under
the control of Congress. I suppose every gentle-
man on this floor familiar with the operations of
the Post Office Department, knows the difficulties
that are encountered now by the Postmaster Gen-
eral in making contracts for carrying the mails
over the railroads of the country. There is scarcely
a railroad company in the United States that does
not avail itself of the opportunity presented, to
extort from the Government larger compensation
for the transportation of the mails than it is justly
entitled to. But by this bill you reserve to your-
selves the right to say at what price the mails
shall be carried. That is one great point gained.
The distance from St. Joseph to Hannibal is about
two hundred miles, and the cost of transporting a
heavy mail, being within the first class, over a rail-
road between those two places would be $300 per
mile. There would be $60,000 paid out by the
Government for the transportation of the mails
over that road for one single year. That is more
than it is worth, and Congress by adopting this
policy can apply a corrective, and vote to these
railroad companies a fair compensation. But there
is another advantage to the Government in this
bill which was not included in the Mississippi
bill or m the first Illinois bill. It is this; the bill
provides that the troops of the United States shall
be transported over these roads throughout all
time without charge; and also that munitions of
war, and property of the United States of every
description, shall be transported free of charge.
Now look at this Missouri road. It points in
the very direction which you are compelled to go
in traveling to Utah, New Mexico, Oregon, and
California. And let me ask gentlemen, how long
are you to have an Indian frontier between those
remote States and Territories oil the Pacific and
the western border of Missouri ? It will be, per-
haps, a hundred years before the red man of the
forest is exterminated, and during the whole of
that time it will be necessary for the Government
to keep up troops and stations upon the frontier
to guard against the incursions, which these In-
dians may make.
' Now take the transportation of the mails and
public property over these roads for fifty years
time, and 1 venture the assertion that it will pay
you an interest of thirty per cent, upon every dol-
lar that you donate to these companies—perhaps
an interest of fifty per cent, upon every dollar.
Here let me say, that all the bills that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have determined to report
to this House are bills of a national character—
are bills which, if passed, will be of infinite service
to this Government in time of peace, in the trans-
portation of the mails, and in time of war, in the
transportation of troopsand the munitions of war.
Well, sir, there is another clause in this bill
which was in none of the bills previously passed,
and it is one which should commend it^f to the
favorable consideration of all the members of this
House. It is this: the donation is made, not to
the companies, but to the State, upon condition that
the State shall faithfully appropriate the fund tor
the benefit of the particular companies. But the
question may be started, how are you to guard
against an abuse on the part of the State? It may
be said, what if the State sells these lands and
pockets the money. Well, we guard against that
effectually. We provide in this bill that when
the road has been surveyed, and the certificate for-
warded to the Secretary of the Interior, the Secre-
tary of the interior shall order that twenty miles
of the road may be sold, and when that twenty
miles has been sold, no other land along the route
of the road shall be brought into market, or be
subject to sale until the Secretary of the Interior
has a certificate from the Governor of the State
to which the donation is made, that twenty miles
of that identical road have been completed. So
that the only fraud—if the State was disposed to
practice fraud, and I hardly suppose that any
State of this Union would do it—that could be
practiced, could not extend to a greater amount
than one hundred and twenty sections of land.
This bill does not, as some of the bills formerly
did, establish the relation of debtor and creditor
between the State and this Government. In the
bills passed some years ago, it was provided that
if the State sold the lands and did not construct
the road, she should refund to the Treasury of
tha United States whatever money she had re-
ceived for it. But in this bill we guard against all
possibility of fraud, by not allowing the State to
bring into market more than twenty miles of land
until twenty miles of the road are completed; then
twenty miles more may be brought into market,
and so on until the whole road is constructed.
Now, with all these advantages, what good ob-
jection can exist to making these donations ? It
does not cost you a farthing. It does notabstract
any revenue from the Federal Treasury. It does
not reduce the resources of the Treasury at all.
All experience demonstrates that when you have
constructed these railroads, the lands through
which they pass will sell more readily for <3,2 50
an acre than they will for §1 25 per acre without
the railroads. With this view of the case—the
constitutional difficulties being removed—looking
to the great advantage which you can do to these
States, and to the inhabitants of these States—
looking to the immense boon that you can give to
them without impoverishing yourselves—I ask,
what good reason can be given for not passing the
bill and making the donation ?
We ask that the bill shall be put upon its pas-
sage now, without going to the Committee of the
Whole oh the state of the Union. Those mem-
bers who are at all familiar with proceedings here
know, if I may be allowed to apply a quotation
that is used upon more solemn occasions, that
when a bill is sent from this House to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
unless it is a universal favorite or an appropria-
tion bill, it has gone to " that undiscovered country
from whose bourn no traveler ever returns.5'
Every member who has had any experience here
knows this to be the fact.
I have now, I believe^ presented most of the
views of this matter that I desired to present, and
