2398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
* under the contract, you must lose a great deal of
* money, and { propose to you now, before Con-
* gross adjourns, that yon come forward and sur-
* render your contract, and let a new arrangement
* he made, because the committee have deter-
4 mined, if rhe contract is maintained, they will see
* that it is faithfully executed in every particular,
4 and will let no personal considerations influence
* them to receive work below the contract; and un-
* less you do inferior work, and furnish inferior
* paper, you must sustain a ruinous loss." After
consultation, they agreed with me, that such was
the fact, and they would be compelled to lose money
if they went on with the contract. j\ro alteration,
however, was made.
I do not state this for any other purpose than
to show the foundation upon which I base the
opinion I have expressed, that they have lost
money. They went through with the contract—
it is not necessary for meto say how. That would
involve a great deal of statement and discussion,
which I am not disposed to go into; but 1 state it
as the basis of my opinion, that they have lost
money. My estimate is that they lostfrom $20,000
to $30,000—not less than $90,000, and I do not be-
lieve more than $30,000. I think it is a fair basis
upon which to make the estimate. Then, as I
stated when up before, I do not think these con-
tractors, or any contractors who have made a bad
bargain with their eyes open, m the face of com-
petition, have a right to claim any extraordinary
liberality on the part of the Government to release
them from their obligation, and pay them a profit
upon what would otherwise bea loss; hut, on the
other hand, I am very far from being willing, either
as an individual oras a member ofthe Senate, to re-
ceive work at the hands of any man and refuse
htm a fair and living profit on it. For that reason
1 have fixed upon the sum of §50,000, allowing
$30,000 as the maximum of the loss which I think
Mr Ritchie may have sustained. That will allow
him a profit for four years'labor of $20,000.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to ask the Sena-
tor, as he was chairman of the committee, whether
Mr. Ritchie was not paid all that his contract
called for, and whether Wendell & Van Benthuy-
sen were not paid all that they could claim under
the contract? If so, if one sustained a loss of
$17,000 and the other a loss of |20,000, why did
he not put them all in? Why not put Wendell &
Van Benthuysen in the proviso—the Senator as-
serts that they incurred a loss of $17,000—if we
are going to pay all these losses? I know very well
my fnend from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] never
agrees to pay upon a contract where the Govern-
ment has not been m error, and where the con-
tractor incurs a loss through his own fault.
Mr. BORLAND. My friend inquires if Wen-
dell & Van Benthuysen, and Mr. Ritchie, have
not been paid the full amount which their contract
would give them ? Of Wendell & Van Benthuy-
sen 1 know very little as to what was paid them.
The last of their accounts was settled about the
commencement of my service on the committee,
as they were the printers before I came here. With
regard to Mr. Ritchie, 1 have no certain knowl-
edge; though there can be no question, os the ac-
counts will show, that most of them had been
settled. But I must state this: During the time
that I was chairman of the committee, I neverhad
brought to me to be audited a single one of Mr.
Ritchie's accounts. None were presented while
I was present in the committee. In my absence,
during the lecess of Congress, many of them
were audited by the board, consisting of the Sec-
retary of the Sen.ite, the Clerk of the House, and
the Clerk of the Printing Committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 stated, when this debate
commenced, what was the sum which would be
paid to Mr. Ritchie upon half the prices of 1819—
I stated that it would be over $200,000. I thought
then, that the detailed statement prepared by the
clerk of the Printing Committee was m my desk
-here*, but it was not, i went to the Printing Com-
mittee room. The clerk had furnished to one of
the members of the House the statement which I
had. I am, therefore, notable to furnish the de-
tails; but I will furnish figures, with which I trust
my fnend from Alabama will be satisfied.
The whole amount of printing received by Mr.
Ritchie under his contract was $145,000. Now,
take the documents upon which these sums were
paid, and estimate document by document upon
jhe prices of 1819, and then take one half of that,
and it leaves $384,000. The Senator from Ala^
barna is not quite satisfied with this. Perhaps
other Senators may be. I wilt state the manner
of estimating it. 1 hold in my hand a detailed
estimate of one document in four parts, for the
purpose of showing specifically just how the sum
is arrived at.
Mr. CLEMENS. The point is, was the $145,000
the value of the printing which Mr. Ritchie did?
Mr. HAMLIN. I raised no such question. I
stated to the Senate what I now stand here pre-
pared to prove. The statement was made out by ]
the clerk of the Printing Committee, and not by •
myself, though it was examined by me. I stated I
that half the prices of 1819 would add to the price i
of Mr. Ritchie's contract more than $200,000. I '
am proceeding to prove it. He has received i
$145,000 on the contract, and on these documents i
he would have received under one half of the j
prices of 1819, $348,.000. That makes a difference !
of $203,000. There are Espy's Report, and some I
other minor matters, which, when paid for under j
the contract, and these scaled by the resolution of j
1819, would make the amount, as near as can be j
calculated, $214,000. That is the difference be-
tween half the prices of 1819 and the contract.
Flow do 1 derive it? I hold in my hand a detailed
stdtementof one of the documents, in four parts— j
the PatentOffice Report—and I find that, under the ;
contract for that report, he did receive $65,182 50. I
One half of the rates of 1819 would have amounted !
to $158,939 83, showing that he would have re-
ceived for printing that single document, underthe ;
prices of the resolution of 1819, $93,757 33 more j
than he was entitled to under the contract. The \
details of that document are as follows: i
1st session Thirty-fit ^Congress.-—Under the prices of 1819, 1
fitly per cent, oft, Patent Office Report, 330,000 copies,
would amount to  $54,758 04 J
Second pait ol'simp, 63,OOS) copies  30,104 54 |
Mechanical part of Patent Office ILepoit,2d ses- ■
eion Tliirty-thst Congress, -15,0< 0 copies  15,903 95 j
Agucultural pait for 2d a^sion, 135,000 copies.. 58,274 00 '
$158,939 63
For same work under contract pi-ice, Patent Of-
ficn Report. 130,0 <0 copies, would amount
to $32,243 75
Second part ot" same, 65,00J copies.. 23,985 00
Mechanical part of Patent Office te-
port, 2d session Tturty-fir&t Con-
giess, 45,000 envies  6,548 25
Agricultural part lor 2d session, 135,-
000 copies  12,405 50
65,182 50
£93.757 33
"What is his actual loss ? I answer, we cannot
tell; but it is one of the easiest things to tell what
was the cost of his work; what the paper cost;
what the composition cost; what the ink cost; and
what were the rents. An account current can be
stated of the cost of every item that has ever been
done; but the committee have never seen any such
account; consequently we ai e left to form the best
estimate we can as to what was the cost. In my
judgment, a prudent, careful printer would have
executed the woik, in the manner in which it was
done, without the loss of a single dollar. I have
no doubt of it. That it was so executed, 1 do
not believe; but that there was a loss upon it, and
that loss varies -somewhere from $20,000 to $30,000,
I have very little doubt. I think the Senatorfrom
Arkansas is probably nearly right in his estimate.
If we are to settle this matter upon equitable terms,
it would seem reasonable that we should be pre-
sented with an account, to enable us to determine
properly what we should gwe. I have been to
the committee room since this discussion com-
menced; but had I supposed that it would have
taken place, f would have been leady to furnish
more definitely the precise figures; but 1 am own
able to state that the bill which passed this Senate
the day before yesterday, gives higher rates than
one half of the prices of the rates of 1819. They
are probably ten or fifteen per cent, higher; and if
yon adopt the amendment of the Senator from Illi-
nois, the latter clause will make no deduction from
the amount.
Mr. SMITH. It has been stated over and over
again, that the rates introduced into the bill, which
has recentlv passed the two Houses of Congress,
were carefully investigated by the committee of
which the honorahleSenatorand myself are mem-
bers. I want to know if that is so.
Mr. HAMLIN. That matter never underwent
an investigation before the Committee of the Sen-
ate, I was opposed to the whole system. The
Senator from Connecticut did not fully Hgree with
me. The Senator from Texas was disposed to
favor the bill; consequently we made no investiga-
tion of the prices in it when it was committed.
There was never any investigation of the subject.
On two occasions when the committee met, the
Senator from Texas was, from sickness, un-
able to be there, and when he did come there we
were desirous of reporting the bill back to the
Senate, and never went into an examination of
the prices in the bill. The committee disagreeing
as to what should be done, and no two agreeing,
there was no investigation made, or opinion ex-
pressed by the committee as to the prices fixed
upon in the bill.
Mr. RUSK. There was no time.
Mr. HAMLIN. Besides there was no time,
as the Senator says. But one word in relation to
another point that has been raised. It has been
said that other contracts have been made, and
other sums paid in addition to the contracts. That
is no rule by which I can be guided. Other Con-
gresses may have made a contract, and then abro-
gated it; but that furnishes no guide for me. If
they have done wrong, it is not a rule for me. If
they have done right, be it so. I mean to do in
this case what I believe i3 just between the par-
ties and the country. Comparing the contract
with the prices of the resolution of 1819, if the
paper cost five or six dollars a ream, and if the
printers and presses worked at night, the resolu-
tion of 1819, with twenty-five per cent, off, would
pavless profit than it would when the paper cost
$3 30 per ream, and the printers worked only in the
day time. In the latter case they could afford to do
it for fifty per cent, off the resolution of 1810, and
make more money than they could to execute the
resolution of 1819 fairly with twenty per cent. off.
The very difference in the mode of executing
would furnish a very handsome profit. That ia
the fact in relation to these contracts. Everybody
who knew anything about printing, knew thatthe
printing of the last Congress and of the present
was most shamefully executed, and as a member
ofthe Printing Committee my vote stands record-
ed on its Journal then, as at this session, against
receiving the work done, and then as now, simply
because the work did not conform to the contract,
and because I desired thatthe contract should be
faithfully and fairly executed. The Senator from
Arkansas [Mr. Borland] concurred with me, but
we were overruled by a majority ofthe Joint Com-
mittee.
Mr. SMITH. "While on that point, I wish to
inquire whether the Senate committee did not ap-
point me a sub-committee to determine whether
the work should be received or not, and whether
I did not assume the responsibility of receiving it
when we all knew that there was no conformity
with the contract?
Mr. HAMLIN. I think, probably, the Sen-
ator is right; but the fact has gone out of my rec-
ollection. I only know that I was against receiv-
ing the work last year and this, simply because it
did not come up to the standard and conform to
the contract.
Taking this state of the case as it presents itself,
it seems to me that we do injustice to ourselves,
and injustice to the country, if we pass an amend-
ment like that which has been offered by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. If the matter were one to
which the Senate should give its favorable consid-
eration, I am free to say that I think the proviso
suggested by the Senator from Arkansas would
deal very fairly and justly with the contractor;
but believing, as I do, that it is neither just nor
right to make a contract, and then to pay for a
willful violation of it, I cannot agree, according to
the dictates of my judgment, to give one farthing.
Mr. CLEMENS. The Senator from Maine
has not met the point between him and myself.
He stated, as I understood him to state, that Mr.
Ritchic would make $200,000 by his contract.
He says I misunderstood him. Then he does not
assert now that Mr. Ritchie made any such
amount. He does not pretend to assert, as I un-
derstand him now, that there would be anything
made by him: because he does not pretend to say
that the documents in his possession prove that
any such amount could be made, or that any
amount could be made. He says he does not
know what the losses are, but we all know that
there was a loss upon the contract. We ail know
