-urn
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
from California, he mustj necessarily confine him-
self to.a very few remarks. .
Mr. BISSELL. But the-gentleman from Cal-
ifornia (Mr. Marshall] now announces to me
that he desires to speak a long time. If that an-
nouncement had been made at first, I would not
have yielded him the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. I will not speak for along
time. I understand that I have the consent of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] to ask the
unanimous consent of the House—if it requires
unanimous consent—that the Committee on Ways
and Means may report the California Mint bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia asks the unanimous consent of the House
to submit a few remarks in regard to the Califor-
nia Mint bill. Is there any objection ?
Mr. OLDS. I should like to know if this in-
terferes with the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. MEACHAM. 1 object.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bissell] has never withdrawn from me
the assent which he granted me of occupying the
floor.
[Cries of" Order!" " Order!" " Order !"]
Mr. CARTTER. Is it not too late at this time
to rescind the common consent given to the gentle-
man from California?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
unanimous consent of the House was given to the
fentleman to make a few remarks in regard to the
ill referred to by him. Some remarks were sub-
mitted by the gentleman, and the question now is
whether he may continue them. The Chair thinks
not, without the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL. I have no desire to con
sume one moment of the time of this House
The SPEAKER. The Chair is well aware of
that.
Mr. MARSHALL. All I desire in the world
ia simply that the House should have a sufficiently
active sense of justice now, when there is at last
an opportunity, after six or seven months 'delay, to
do a thing which all the country and all the world
knows is right, and ought to be done. There is
a chance now to bring up the bill. The Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, after seven months, are
active at last; and this bill can be now presented,
and I do want it done. The House consented to
hear me; but now, instead of hearing me for an
jhour—which I should think they would be polite
enough to do, for they hear everybodyon a point
of order finer than the seven hundredth point of
a needle—they waste an hour of time upon a point
of order which will be enough to pass this bill,
because there is no difficulty about i(s passage. It
came down from the Senate, I believe, unanimous-
ly, or nearly so. It is what every one knows
ought to be done, and to whirh no one objects.
The Committee of Ways and Means itself is
ready to report it, and that certainly removes all
doubt about the character of the bill; and I do now
beg;, as a personal—a political favor—that the
House will take up the bill, when they have a
chance to escape from under the pressure of their
own rules, as an act of common justice.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia asks the unanimous consent of the House
to take up the bill indicated by him, before pro-
ceeding to the execution of the special order.
Mr. BISSELL. I object.
Mr. McCOIlKLE. 1 then move to suspend
the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
except on Mondays, under the express rules of
the House. What proposition does the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] make to the
House5
Mr. BISSELL. I give up the floor.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask that the reg-
ular orders be proceeded with.
The SPEAKER. The objection to the propo-
sition of the gentleman from California is with-
drawn.
Mr. MARTIN. I renew it.
Mr-MARSHALL. It is necessary to rise in
one's place before objection can be made here.
Mr. BISSELL. I did not object. Objection
was made 055 the other side of the House. Rut it
is of no avail that 1 give way to the gentleman,
for the moment I yield, objection is made.
Mr. MARSHALL. I rise to a question of or-
der.
Mr. BISSELL. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia rises to a question of order, which has pre-
cedence.
Mr. MARSHALL. In a very close and care-
ful examination of the rules of this House, Mr.
Speaker, I went as far as the 2d. rule, [laugh-
ter,] but in attending closely to the debates of the
House, I found that at about the 133d rule, all bus-
iness absolutely stopped in transitu, I was dis-
couraged, and did not go any further. I do not
pretend to any very high authority upon a ques-
tion of order, but this much I think I do know,
that when a gentleman objects, he is obliged, at
least, to rise in his seat to make that objection,
with that ordinary respect and formality observed
in Congress, as well as everywhere else.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Marun] rose in his place, addressed
the Chair, and objected, while others were crying
111 their seats " I object!" " 1 object!"
" Mr. MARSHALL. That question of fact be-
ing settled, the difficulty as to the point of order
raised by me is removed. I did not hear or see
lum. I expected that much from New York, and
New Nork will profit by it. I advise New York
to proceed in that way, and I promise her she
will make something by it.
Mr. BISSELL. 1 call the gentleman from Cal-
ifornia to order.
Mr. MARSHALL. You will have to call him
out of the House.
Mr. BISSELL. That is what a man gets for
being clever. I have almost a mind to say I will
never attempt to be clever again at the expense of
what I conceive to be justice to the House.
I move, Mr. Speaker, that the vote, by which
the House on yesterday refused to lay the bill |
making an appropriation of land for the benefit of
the insane, upon the table, be reconsideied. My
object is, of course, to bring the bill before the
House for action this morning in that way.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. BISSELL. I trust that the motion will
not be laid upon the table, if gentlemen desire the
bill to be acted upon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire,
as this is not a debatable question, what effect the
vote will have, if it is reconsidered? I ask the
Speaker another question. There was subsequent
action upon this bill—for instance, the proposi-
tion to sustain the pievious question, and it was
voted down. The gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Sibley] obtained the floor, and while he was
upon the floor, the orders of the day were called
for. Now, sir, if a reconsideration of this vote
brings the bill back before the House, of course it
brings back the motion to lay upon the table.
What becomes, then, of the subsequently-acquned
right of the gentleman from Minnesota to the
floor? Will it cut in 111 olP And if it does cut
him off, can it bring the hill before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide those
questions when they arise.
Mr. DEAN. 1. move to lay the motion of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Bissell] upon the
table.
Mr. STANLY. Upon that motion I ask the
yeas and nays.
Mr. JON fcS, of Tennessee. I submit, asaques-
tion of order to the Chair, that the motion to lay
upon the table having failed—thus leaving the bill
befoie the House, it is not in order to reconsider
it. It is like a motion to adjourn, sir, and it can
be renewed at any moment, and is not one that
can be reconsidered. If it had been laid on the
table, then the motion to reconsider would be in
order; but having failed, it is like a motion to ad-
journ, which can be renewed at any moment, and
■ which cannot, therefore, be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has looked with
some little care to this question. The motion to
reconsider is a privileged motion, as the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Joxes] understands very
well. A vote was taken to lay the bill upon the
table, and the House rejected the motion. A mo-
| tion is now made to reconsider that vote. Under
I the rule, the Chair does not see how he could de-
1 cide that the motion to reconsider is out of order,
! it being one of those privileged questions laid
I down so plainly by our rules. Although the
i Chair admits there is force in the position taken
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
yet he is inclined to decide that the motion is in
order, and that it brings the bill before the House.
Mr. JONES. Suppose the House should re-
fuse to adjourn, would it be in order to move to
reconsider that vote?
The SPEAKER. Not at all.
Mr. JONES. This is like a motion to ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] demands the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before the question is put
I want to understand the precise point we are
voting on. Now, if we shall reconsider the vote,
then the question will be again, 45 Shall the bili be
laid upon the table?"
The SPEAKER. That will be the question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I take it we shall
be in the same condition that we are now in. The
bill is now before the House, and any one may
move to lay it upon the table; and why should we
be obliged to go back, and reconsider the motion
to lay upon the table when we make no progress
by it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, that
there is some doubt in his mind in regard to this
question of order; that he is inclined to the opin-
ion that it is proper for the motion to be submitted
to the House; and that the motion to reconsider
brings the bill before the House, which would oth-
erwise take its place upon the table of the Speaker.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 wish to inquire of the
Chair whether this was not the pending matter
when the morning hour expired on yesterday, and
whether it will not come up to-morrow as such?
The SPEAKER. It was the pending matter;
but, under the rules, the House having left it in
that condition—there being no pending motion to
commit—according to the practice of my prede-
cessor, it would have gone upon the Speaker's
table with the orders of the day.
Mr. ORR. I have great respect for the opinion
of the Chair upon the question of order, but I am
thoroughly satisfied in my own mind that the mo-
tion to reconsider cannot, at the present stage of
| the matter, be entertained by the House. The
I gentleman from Minnesota, [Mr. Sibley,] as was
1 stated by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
i Jones,] obtained the floor. He has a right, there-
; fore, to be heard on the bill when it next comes
, up. Well, the reconsideration by the House
simply restores the bill to the point it was at when
the House refused to lay it on the table. You
make no progress at all, but you interfere with
rights subsequently acquired. I therefore respect-
fully appeal from the decision of the Chair enter-
taining the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BISSELL. I will make a suggestion which
I trust will obviate the whole difficulty in the way.
If it is the pleasure of the House to make this
bill the special order for Friday or Saturday next
week, I will withdiaw the motion I have sub-
mitted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that.
Mr. STUART. I desire to submit a statement
on this point, but I understand that it is not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable; but the
Chair trusts that the House will allow the gentle-
man to submit his statement, confessing that he
has some doubts in regard to the point of order.
Mr. STUART. One statement is incorrect in
its effect. If the motion to reconsider shall pre-
vail, the effect of it will be to bring the bill before
the House. Now, when the bill is brought before
the House, it must stand where it stood when the
motion to lay on the table was put; and it no
more follows that the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Sibley] has lost the floor by its effect than
if it were not submitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair discovers at a
glance the difficulty to which the gentleman refers.
When the bill was up, a motion was made to lay
it on the table. Thatmotion failed. The bill was
further considered, until the expiration of the
morning hour, when the Houde passed from its
consideration—the gentleman from Minnesota oc-
cupying the floor. A motion is now made to re-
consider the vote by which the House refused-to
lay the bill on the table. If that vote were recon-
sidered, and the vote taken upon the motion to lay
on the table and carried, the gentleman from Min-
nesota would be deprived of the right which be-
