1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1535
longs to him under the rules. The Chair recon-
siders his decision, and now decides that the
motion to reconsider is not in order.
Mr. STUART. I desire to present a point of
order, and it is this: That the gentleman from
Minnesota being upon the floor, and having ex-
pressed bis desire to make a motion in reference
to that bill, and the special order had expired, the
floor could be taken from him for the purpose of
proceeding to other business in the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to make an in-
quiry of the Chair,
Mr. STUART. I trust that I may be allowed
to proceed first in the statement of my point of >
order. !
Mr. RICHARDSON. For a moment. I want ;
to know before we get awviy from the point of j
order the condition m which the matter stands, j
The consequences of a matter is one thing, and the i
right another thing. Do 1 understand the Chair '
to decide, as a question of order, that the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. .Dispell] can move to re- '
consider the vote upon any proposition, except :
on a motion to adjourn ?
The SPEAKER. When this question shall
again come before the body, the gentleman from
Minnesota will be entitled to the floor upon it.
Mr. RlCl-IARDSON. That is true.
The SPEAKER, if the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the House refused to lay the
bill upon the table were entertained, it would bring
up the proposition—"Shall the bill be laid on the
table?" The House might vote, to lay it on the
table, and thereby destroy the right of the gentle-
man from Minnesota.
Mr. RICL-IARDSON'. The Chair looks to
consequences, and not to the right for the decision.
If it is right in a decision to take into consider-
ation its probable effect against some member,
every proposition to reconsider would be decided
to be out of order. That is the question I wish
to get at.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen looking to the
practice under the rules must look to the conse-
quences which may result; so that both may har-
monize.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly; but we can-
not look to the consequences after the rules have
been determined. I appeal from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. STUART. An appeal cannot be taken
while I am upon the floor stating a question of
order.
Mr. RICHARDSON". Then I will take an
appeal when opportunity is afforded me.
Mr. STUART. -I will beg the ear of the Chair
while I state my point of order. The point I
make is tins: That the gentleman from Minnesota
[Mr. Sibley] was upon the floor on this bill pro-
ceeding to makea spccch. He announced his de-
termination before he set down to make a motion
to commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. Now, sir, under the
rules which we established, governing the special
order, it was within the power of any gentleman
to take the floor and move to proceed to the orders
of the day, because the morning hour had expired.
Supposing the gentleman from Minnesota had
spoken twenty minutes, having the right to speak
an hour, this right of another member to interfere
with hmi would still obtain, and the floor could be
taken from him. For what purpose ? Why, to
proceed to the orders of the day. Now, when, on
the next day, the special order again comes before
the House, would not the gentleman from Minne-
sota be entitled to the floor to continue to the close
of Ins speec.h ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
bill is not before the House, and that, therefore,
the gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley] is
not entitled to the floor. The gentleman from
' Michigan [Mr. Stuart] may he laboring under
some mistake with regard to the facts of the case,
and the Chair will briefly state them. The gen-
tleman from Minnesota was upon the floor. Flie
o-entleman from New Yoik [Mr. Dean] arose
and inquiied whether the morning hour had^not
expired. The Chan* responded that it had. The
gentleman from New^ork then demanded that
the House should proceed toother business. The
gentleman from Minnesota then, and not until
then, and after a considerable pause, proposed to
submit a motion to commit. The^ Chair snid that
it could only be done by unanimous consent.
j There was objection, and the Chair decided the
1 gentleman's motion was cut off.
I Mr. STUART. The point I make is this: The
I gentleman had announced his intention to submit
1 his motion to commit at the close of his speech,
i He was upon the floor making a speech, winch
i he had the right to do for an hour, but at the same
j time, any other member could take the floor from
j him. if they did take it from him under that
| right, my point is, that he still retains the right,
. when the subject again comes up, to go on and :
! finish his speech.
i The SPEAKER. There is nothingin the lules
and pmctice of this body which fames to the
Speaker's table business which was left unfinished
by passing from the rooming hour that sustains
(be gentleman's point. The Chair decides that
j there is no such proposition pending: that the
I gentleman from Minnesota is not entitled io the
; lloor; and that this bill is upon the Speaker's ta-
I ble. '
!
! JIO A.DS IN MINNESOTA.
i The SPEAKER. The first business in order,
is the consideration of Mou.->r*Ull No.s255, making
appropriations for th/1 construction of certain
;, roads in the Territory of Minnesota. When the
J; bill was last under considfiation, the demand for
the previous question on th<° engrossment of the
II bill had been seconded, and the mam question was
ij ordered to be put. The question now is: " Shall
I the bill be ordered to be engrossed and read a third
, time ?"
: The question was put, and there were, on a
■ division—Lives 59, noes U~>.
\ Mr. CLEVELAND. I demmd tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Moore, of
Louisiana, and Staxtont, of Tennessee, were ap- ,
pointed. i
I Mr. J6NES. of Tennessee. This matter is i
I being proceeded with to the exclusion of thebusi- ,
! ness of the morning hour, which is the special
I order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was misled at j
the moment, supposing this to be a bill reported j
from one of the committees dunng the morning
j hour.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is now too late to ,
! object to its consideration. We have had action
1 upon it. i
I The SPEAKER. It will certainly make no 1
■ great material difference in the business of the
1 House. The Chair would suggest, that as a mat- I
i ter of accommodation, the House take the vote
! upon this bill—the mam question having been put
[ —before proceeding to the execution of the busi-
: ness ot the morning hour.
! [Cries of " Agreed '" "Agreed!"] j
! The question was then taken upon the engross- ,
ment of the bill, and the tellers reported that there |
; were—ayes 7H, noes 40. i
! The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read |
: a third time, and having been engrossed, was read I
' the third time. j
The question being, " Shall the bill pass — j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Geoigia, demanded the ,
yeas and n lys; which weie ordered. ;
Mr. STANLY. Is it m order to say a word !
upon this bill ? !
The SPEA IvER. It is in order. 1
Mr. STANLY. I wish to call the attention of1
the House to one of these roads, for winch there ■
is an appropriation of ^5,000 made, for surveying ,
and laying out a road fiom Aiendota to the mouth
of Big Sioux river, on the Mississippi. It will ;
take some s200,000 instead of ^OOO to complete j
that road. We have had no survey of the load .
by any officer of the (Government, and no one
knows what the cost of the road will be. The ,
appropriation for the survey and laying out tins
road was reported from the Committee on Roads
and Canals to the House. Whether it was sanc-
tioned by that committee or not, I do not know.
It was leported, I presume, as an act ol courtesy |
and kindness to the Delegate from that district.
Mr. SIBLEY. Will "the gentleman allow me
to make an explanation? :
Mr. STANLY. I shall be glad to hear some j
explanation about it.
Mr. SIBLEY. I wish to state to the House, |
that at the first session of she last Congress, y.5,000
was appropriated for the survey of the road to j
which the gentleman alludes. Since that time
there has been a report made by the engineer who
is in charge of that road under the War Depart-
ment, stating that the sum of $5,000 additional will
be required to enable him to complete the survey.
The report of that gentleman has been made to the
Department of the Engineer Bureau; and upon my
request, and upon the resolution which 1 intro-
duced, and which was adopted by the House, the
whole document relating thereto was laid before
the House at the beginning of the session; and if
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stan-
ly] had had his attention drawn to that subject,
he would have found it exactly as 1 stated to him,
that this $5,000 is asked for by the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. STANLY. What is the length of that
rood r
Mr. SIBLEY. It is between two hundred and
fifty and two hundred and sixty miles loig. I
beg leave to state further to the gentleman, that
the greater part of this road is through a prairie
country, and very little is required to make it. Jt
is not like a road running through a timbered
country.
Mr. STANLY. In regard to these roads, we
should not spend a great deal in attempting to do
what the Territory itself can do. I object to this
one-sided, partial way of making appropriations
for internal improvements. We have had pend-
ing before the Committee on Commerce, since the
■ early part of the session, a bill making appropri-
ations for improvements m canals and navigable
1 rivers, and upon lake coasts, m the interior, which
are much more wanted than these roads; and we
1 are not to set an example, and take up one bill
: from one Territory, appropriating there, nobody
. knows how much—1 think m this bill alone, some
$45,000—and discarding all the other and neces-
sary improvements throughout the United States,
i It is not fair. Let there be a general bill reported
1 for all theseTerritories, and for such States as re-
. quire internal improvements within their borders.
! A general system is what I desire—a system
which will give fair play to all parts of this ter-
, ritory of ours. Ljet the Territories stand on the
; same footing with the States; and when they do
1 that we will have justice done to all the States and
\ Territories, and not before, i hope, then, that
i we shall not set the bad example of partial legis-
■ lation. by taking up one or two bills like the pres-
: ent, and appropriating unlimited sums of money,
and that, too, through an act of courtesy. The
: gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Sibley] is enti-
tled to all we can give hnn as a Delegate—he de-
i serves it—but the Territories should not receive
[ such appropriations before the adoption of a gen-
| erol system which would do justice to all of the
; States. Unless the old States put a stop to this
sys'em of voting to the Western country all the
1 money they want, we shall have no harbors im-
proved, no tariff, and no fortifications upon our
! sea-coast. If we take up these things bypiece-
J meal, this new State and that new State will get
I their railroads, (as some of them have already got
; them,) and the interests of the old States will be
I entirely overlooked and neglected. Such is the
• operation of the present system, if it can be called
: a system. The present mode of legislating upon
: this subject is partial and unjust m its character.
i hope it will be abandoned, and that we will wait
! until we get some fair and general plan, which
will do justice to all the States. Then f will cheer-
fully vote to give the Delegates of Territories ail
they want. I am willing to give them everything
reasonable, and everything m the way of internal
improvements, and in other matters, which they
ought to ha\e; but until we have justice done to
the old States, I trust that the House will pause
m their career; that it will not pursue a policy
that .gives to one portion of the country lavish ap-
propriations for internal improvements, and denies
it to the others.
Mr. SIBLEY. 1 am not about to detain the
blouse with any remarks at this stage of the pro-
ceedings, as to the abstract right of Congress to
make appropriations of money for const!noting
roads in Teriitories. I take it for granted that
every gentleman here is well aware that such has
been the practice which obtained at the beginning
of the Government, and has been continued from
that time down to the present. I beg_ leave to
state to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Sta\tly,] that the Territory of Minnesota has
never received one acre of land, and never asked
for one acre of land, except what was given her
