1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2399
Mr. Ritchie did lose by it; and I say here in the
face of the Senate, and of the country, that I want
nobody to work for us without getting a compen-
sation for it. I want every man who does work
for the Government of the United States, not
merely to get pay for it, but to make a reasonable
percent. The Senator from Maine does not pre-
tend to assert that this amendment would give
Mr. Ritchie more than a reasonable per cent. He
voted, according1 to my recollection, for Mr. Ben-
ton's resolution, to give twenty per cent, off the
prices of 1819. We propose to deduct fifty per
cent., and this it is said is extravagant and extra-
ordinary. "Why did not they think it was extrav-
agant and extraordinary then to deduct twenty
percent, only? We propose to deduct thirty per
cent, more, but it is extravagant now, while twen-
ty per cent, was not extravagant then. I cannot
understand this process. 1 do not profess to un-
derstand it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senator from Alabama
•will allow me to interrupt him, I wish to say that
I have no means of knowing whether the propo-
sition of the Senator from Arkansas will be
acceptable to Mr. Ritchie or not, as the terms of
settlement. I understood him to say. when I spoke
to him as to whether he would agree to my amend-
ment, that it would be the least possible amount
that he would accept. As to accepting the propo-
sition of the Senator from Arkansas, I should be
apprehensive that there would be a difficulty in
determining what would be due Mr. Ritchie under
the contract, but I am willing to leave that to
those who are to audit his accounts, and if they
cannot agree, to leave it to referees. I will, there-
fore, take the responsibility for myself, binding
no others to accept the amendment of the Senator
from Arkansas, limiting the amount to $50,000.
The PRESI DENT. That will not be in order
while the amendment of the Senator from Con-
necticut, is under consideration.
Mr. BORLAND, f ask the Senator from Con- 1
necticut to withdraw his amendment, to allow the :
Senator from Illinois to incorporate my proviso in j
his amendment. j
Mr. SMITH. I have such entire confidence in j
the sound judgment of the honorable Senatorfrom
Arkansas, that although I think Mr. Ritchie ought j
not to have one dollar, and if we give him any- i
thing that it ought not to be more than #10,000, ]
that I will withdraw my amendment. I
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then 1 accept the proviso of j
the Senator from Arkansas, so that my amend- I
ment will read as follows: !
Provided, Tlmt in settling the accounts for the printing nf |
the Thirty-first Congrp^, one half of the price* given by the 1
joint resolution of 1819, be allowed not exceeding the amount .
that would be paid under the respective contracts if settled .
by the pi iocs named in the bill ot the House ot Ucpiepenta- j
fives wit toll passed on the 31st Julv la*t, in regatd to the i
public pi intmg, estimating the paper at the actual cost '
thereof, to he paid out ot any money in the Trea^uiy not
otherwise nppiopn.Ued • And provided further, That the >
amount to he paid for said printing, over and above the
amount winch would he paid under the terms and at the
ratesof the contiaet for the *=ame,<>hall not exceed .^oO,000. '
Mr. PEARCE. I do not mean to detain the !
Senate long, but t have one additional remark to !
make. If I had not sufficient reason already for i
voting against the proposition, I should find it in '
this: Before the contract system was adopted, ,
Mr. Ritchie was the public printer under the old
system, for how many years I do not remember, .
whether it was two or four, but he was, 1 know,
the printer for Congress before the rates were re- f
duced by the contract system, and during that
time he made—he must have made, no man with ;
any sort of prudence, with anything but the gross- |
est mismanagement would have failed to make—
large sums of money. Ithas been urged overand ;
over again, that he did make large sums, and I
have no doubt of it. I have heard it said that he ;
made $100,000 while he was the printer to Con-
gress before the contract system was adopted. 1
Having large profits at a time when large profits
could be made, with what propriety does he claim
that we should now indemnify him for alleged
losses mode under a less favorable contract5 Upon
the whole, taking both contracts together, he must
have made largely, and yet we insist upon giving
him $50,000 more. I am glad that it is reduced
that much, but that is rather more than we are in
the habit of giving to the greatest benefactor of the l
country. What great statesman is there who has 1
ever had the bounty of the Government showered ;
upon him as this public printer, who did not per- j
form his work faithfully ? What has he received
who fought the battles of the country in three
wars, who covered himself and the country, too,
with glory > Has he ever been rewarded in such
a manner? It seems to me that we are acting as
if it were not our purpose to reward merit; not to
reward great services of distinguished men—men
who have won unmortalrenovv n,and are entitled to
our gratitude. .Nobody can deny that Mr. Ritchie
has been largely the gainer in the whole; yet, it
seems he has not had money enough paid to him,
and we are called upon still further to fill his
pockets.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is with great reluctance
that I address the Senate on this occasion; but it
does seem to me that a very curious course has
been taken by the opponents of this amendment.
If I understand the Senator from Maryland, he
says he has information that a large amount of
money, perhaps $100,000, was realized by Mr.
Ritchie while he had the printing for Congress.
If suggestions of this kind are to betaken for con-
clusions, it is not the way I wish to be enlight-
ened on subjects upon which I am to act. If 1
believed—notwithstanding Mr. Ritchie is a Demo-
crat—that he was not justly entitled to the amount
that it is here contemplated to give him, I would
certainly oppose it as soon as I would if he were
a Whig.
In administering justice and recompense to per-
sons who have deserved the public confidence, or
who have rendered services to the public, I do not
ask of what political faith or profession they are,
nor am I ready to receive or give credence to re-
ports that may be in circulation as to the amount
of money they may have realized. There is suf-
ficient in this case to satisfy my mind that Mr.
Ritchie, in his last contract with the Government,
was a large loser. If, sir, he has rendered ser-
vices or furnished materials to the public for the
public benefit, I should think it humiliating on the
part of this Senate, or any deliberative body, to
deny a just and fair recompense. "The laborer
is worthy of his hire." If he has rendered ser-
vices, is this Government in such a pitiful con-
dition as to refuse him a just reward for the labor
he has rendered ? Is this Government in a con-
dition to exact from its citizens any contribu-
tion, either in labor or otherwise, and not render
them a just recompense for it? I think not. 1
always look to whether the individual has a just
demand against the Government, and if he has, I
am willing to recompense him. I care not under
what circumstances it arises, I never permit my-
self to be influenced by the fact that an individual
made a bargain with the Government, when that
individual has acted under an oversight, and has
been injured to any amount. I am willing to
recompense him out of the Treasury; and I do
trust that the honorable Senators on the opposite
side of the Chamber are not actuated by consider-
ations of a political character in tins case, or the
recollection of events which have long since trans-
pired.
It is true that for fifty years—it was the first news-
paper I ever read—the Richmond Enquirer has
been the consistent and faithful opponent of the gen-
tlemen on the opposite side of the Chamber. Its
editor has been faithful in his vocation; he has
been true to his party, true to his principles, and
for that I would respect him. If Gales & Seaton
had a similar claim presented to this Congress—
they have been my consistent opponents, and 1
believe they are always generous and just enough
to think that I thought they were wrong and I
was right—if they were placed in the ciicumstan-
ces of Mr. Ritchie, I would vote for their claim
with as much alacrity as for Thomas Ritchie's. I
permit no political considerations to influence me
in meting out justice to individuals. I trust I
never shall feel such a sordid emotion, and that I
will, in my administrative capacity, as far as I
am placed here, never cease to recollect that jus-
tice is demanded from position. 1 trust that, I
would be able, in a case of justice, even to oblit-
erate all recollections of hostility, even if personal
to myself. And 1 trust that gentlemen, while
viewing this venerable patriarch—this patriarch of
Democracy, if you please—who is a patriot you
will all admit, will recollect that he has numbered
more than his three score years and ten, and is
now bending beneath the weight of his infirmities.
He has given his life to the public, and though he
has rendered no high military service, though he
j has never periled his life for his country, he has
j devoted his life, his mind, and everything, to the
j diffusion of intelligence and maintaining the honor
j of his country in his own way. Sir, these are
considerations that come upon us, and that while
' he is bending beneath the weight of age, when the
lighting of a grasshopper is becoming almost a
burden to him. Sir, he has been a friend to his
party and to his country. Let us do him justice.
I shall vote for the amendment.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, it will be rec-
ollected that the late contractor for the public
printing printed ten thousand copies of certain de-
cisions of the Supreme Court, which ten thousand
copies, it is m proof, would have been executed at
any printing office in the country for the sum of
$1,600. He brought forward a bill for that print-
ing to the amount of #36,000, making each of
those copies—a mere pamphlet—cost $3 60 apiece.
That matter was compromised by his receiving
$12,000, being about $1 20 apiece.
Subsequently he printed the obituary remarks
upon the death of General Taylor. 1 understand
that that printing was done in Philadelphia, and
that the bill for it has never been produced. It is
but reasonable to apprehend that the same charge
will be made for that as was made for printing the
decisions of the Supreme Court in the passenger
cases. I think there ought to be an amendment
to restrict him in regard to this matter.
The Senate cannot have forgotten the particu-
lars of the charge in the passenger case to which
I have referred, and they must see from that the
propriety of guarding against a simi'ar chaige
with regard to the document of obituary notices
of General Taylor, because that document could
be brought in under the same class under which
the printing of the decision in the passenger cases
was charged. I have not the papers here by me,
but I recollect that charge was made by interpo-
lating in the contract the words " per page." One
dollar per hundred copies was the rate at which a
certain class of printing was to be done under the
contract. If it was done under that class, there
would have been but a small price; but by insert-
ing the words "per page" in the contract, that
mode of computation brought the sum up to the
enormous price of $36,000 for printing a pamphlet
which would have cost $1,600 in any printing
office in the country. To remedy this, and to
provide against it in future, I propose to amend
the amendment by adding:
Provided, however, That in making sueli payment there
shall be deducted tberefiom the sum of .•*10,000, overpaid
lbi punting the decisions of the Supreme Courtin the emi-
grant tax cases from New York and Massachusetts; and
that for printing the obituary notices of the deceased Piesi-
dentTavloj, said contractor shall be paid the actual cost,
with a profit of twenty per cent.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to ask the Senator
from Maryland if, after we shall get through with
this amendment, he will be done? I want to know
how many amendments he is going to ofi'er? We
all recollect that lie killed Mr. Ritchie's bill at the
close of the last session. All of us who were here
at the time undeistand that very well. Now, I
do not intend to quarrel with him, because we
have got to meet on the Library Committee to-
morrow morning together, and I do not want to
meet him in bad humor. [Laughter.] I there-
fore want to know if he is done now ?
Mr. PEARCE* I believe I shall be done when
I get through with this.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If we go into the different
items of that contract, 1 do not know when we
are to get through. I supposed we had got down
to a compromise, and settled upon it; but if we
are going now to specify this item, that item, and
the other item, I shall have to withdraw the
amendment. I agreed to accept the amendment
of the Senator from Arkansas, because it seemed
to be regarded on all sides of the House as a sat-
isfactory compromise, and I hope that we shall
not now be raising questions as to particular
items. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will
take the amendment as I have offered it—as it
stands at present.
Mr. HAMLIN. In relation to the obituary
notices of the deceased President Taylor, I will
say that they were punted m Philadelphia. The
contractor here procured them to be printed there.
They were very finely executed, and I have no
doubt they cost the contractor much higher than
the rates of his contract; but he charges, after a
peculiar kind of printing, about $100,000 for doing
