6-24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24.
officer, musician, or private, would have received liad he j
been living at the passage of said act 1
S. That in the event of the death of such non-commis- ,
siOncd otiicer, musician, or private, who plin.il have made :
application for bounty land under tho provisions of said act, ;
during tiie pendency of such application, any warrantissued •
in tftename of any such deceased applicant, such warrant !
so issued shall not become void, but shall mure to and for j
the benefit of those entitled thereto, the 'same as if such !
officer or soldier had been deceased at the passage of said .
act. 1
Messrs. Chandler and Breckenridge were i
appointed tellers. '
The. question was then taken upon the amend- ,
ment of Mr. Bell, and the tellers reported—ayes >
55, noes 66.
So the"amendment was lost. j
Mr. MARSHA.LL, of Kentucky. May I in- :
quire at what point of the bill we now are ?
The CHAIRMAN. The third section of the '
bill will be read, and then that section will be open [
to amendment. ;
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish to offer the amend- j
ment I hold m rr^y hand, so that it may come in as ]
an additional section at the end of the second sec- i
tion of the biH. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do 1 understand ;
that the first and second sections have been stricken !
out? * ;
The CHAIRMAN. The first section was first ;
stricken out; and then the second section was :
stricken out, and the second section of the bill re-
ported by the select committee was inserted in its
stead.
Mr. MARSHALL. So I understand, and that
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bell] was not agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. It was notagreed to, as an
additional section.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is at this point, then,
that I desire to offer the amendment which I send
to the table.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
If any otfn-er or soldier who would, if hvm*, linve been
entitled to tlx: benefit of the act oi Congress, passed tfcp- !
timber 28,18o0, shall have died leaving no widow surviving |
bun, the child or childien of such officer or soldi ex shall bo i
entitled to the benefit of said act; and if tliere arc no chil-
dren living then the fathe
dier shall be entitled, or
right shall descend to the brothcis and M.stor^ of >iich officer
or soldier in a> full a manner as though said >oldiei o  ot-
ficei had himself received the bounty, auy act to the con-
trary notwithstanding.
Mr. MARSHALL. It is proper that I should
state frankly to the committee my object in offer-
ing this amendment. It is to extend the sphere o:
operation of the principle of the act of September
28, 1850. That act is imperfect, because its
friends in the Thirty-first Congress were com-
pelled to take what they could obtain." They did
not obtain much that they would l^ave desired. I
bring; forward this proposition to test the repre-
sentation from the country nw to the propriety of
extending the provisions of that act so a* to em-
brace the heirs of the deceased soldier, li ha* been
decided by the Department of the Interior that if
* party has applied to the Pension Bureau for his
county land—has filed his papers and satisfactory
evidence to sustain the application— and then dies
prior to the issue of the warrant, a new applica-
tion must be made on the part of his widow*, as '!
the original beneficiary under that law, for that by 'j
death his right has lapsed, if lie has left childien, i
some of whom are minors and some adults, the !j
I minors only will take, and a new application must ,,
be made m tlu-ir name to the exclusion of the !
adults. I regatd this a* utterly iodefensiblein point j
of policy, or even justice. If the soldier has left no ■■
widow or minor children, there i* no one who,
under this construction, can take,even though the j
soldier was living when the act of passed, '
and under us provisions prepared, presented, and :
proved his claim prior to his'death. ''
Mr. Chairman, I have never been able to rom- j
prehend the soundness of that philosophy which
confines the right to take, by descent, to the minor 1'
children of the soldier. The falsity of the princi-' j
pie may be easily illustrated by a rase. I will ;
suppose two men from the samp vicinity to have •
volunteered in 18X2. They march to the seat of
war m the same company. One is married, the ;!
other single. The married man leaves a wife and i
poverty all their days. Now, the single man
shall be supposed to have survived the war. He
returned to his home; and, followed by the plau-
dits of his neighbors, he entered upon the success-
ful pursuit of business, acquired wealth, married
in the maturity of life, and then died, leaving
minor children, upon whom is east a large and val-
uable patrimony. A grateful country determines
to testify its sense of the patriotism of these sol-
diers by passing the bounty land law, and the act
of 1850 says to the children of the one," It is true
you are poor; it is true your father died in the j
glorious conflict with our foe; it is true that we j
now behold you in want; but you are over twen- :
ty-one years of age, and we can do nothing for I
you. Turn now to regard that youth who pos- !
I sesses fortune and station, and revels in luxury. 1
i On him we shall bestow our benefaction, and our I
only«reason is that he is not twenty-one years of age.5' j
Is there any sound philosophy in the reason? Is i
the policy sound that is based upon such an un- !
sound reason? The law of this country should j
be equal m its application to whatever class it j
touches.
This, I know, is considered a gratuity; but if
we mean to extend a gratuity as the meed of hon-
orable and patriotic service, let it extend to all
who performed the service. If you would give
me land because 1 fought your battles, give it to
my comrade also, who gloriously perished in the
fight. If he left children to inherit his fame, why
make a distinction between them which he never
would have made, and which the whole scope and
tendency of our institutions have repudiated? The
distinction has never been satisfactory to my mind.
I imagine it was accidental; and I think any other
supposition would detract from the title of Con- i
giess to intelligence. My amendment rectifies this |
defect, by casting the descent upon the children 1
alike, whether they are minors or adults. !
But it goes further. There were very many men ;
who served in the war, and have died, who never i
were married, and who left no children surviving. '
These men may have left a widowed mother, or ;
a decrepit father, or brothers and sisteis. Shall ,
:*ather or mother of sucth officer or sol-'j the single men who perished in battle, or who !
'L'if™1.1.?.! nr. '' sei ved in your wars, receive no testimonial of the 1
! country's gratitude? Sir, it is not for the value of j
j the land that these grants are prized so dearly by i
! the people. Your forty acres are scarcely worth 1
j thirty dollars. They are prized because the bene- j
| faction marks your sense of the patriotic service j
ing this amendment. It is to extend the sphere of I j of the deceased. And, surely, the widowed moth- :
er whose gallant son has fallen for his country,
will wonder that his services sleep in oblivion
when you are bestowing largesses for patriotism
upon his more fortunate comrades and their chil-
dren.
Mr. Chairman, this amendment does not in-
clude heirs generally, because I suppose it will be
I necessary, as a matter of convenience in applying
' the act, to stop before we branch into distant col-
laterals. I have drawn the amendment so as to
embrace brothers and sisters" of the soldier,
because existing laws have extended the line of
descent that far m the case of volunteers and reg-
ulars who served in the Mexican war. That is
the precedent I have followed, and I have stopped
where existing laws stop. I think the soldiers of
1812, and of the wars to which this act refers,
should be pki'-ed on a footing as nearly equal as
practicable to the soldier of later days.
I do not propose to detain the committee by any
lemarks impertinent to the amendment I have pro-
posed. I trust that the vote upon it will he a test
vole— that we shall understand by it whether this
committee will extend this bounty land law at all,
ami that while we provide for those who were de-
ceased at the time of the passage of the act, we at
the same time will indicate by our vote the proper
limitation upon the extension of that act.
(Ileie the hammer fell.]
Mr. .1 ONES, of Tennessee. The amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marmulj.]
certainly, at first blush, appears rather reasonable
than otherwise. Dut in practice it will be found
wholly impracticable to meie out the benefits of
that law to the heirs-at-law of the persons who
are intended to be the beneficiaries of it." Sir.
, -j-j . .  . '  «.w>- i'luokvii iwito v'iluic cv
the aeryice. His wite dies, and his orphans are > soldier m lulled in actual butde 5 There the pen-
early turned the mid charities of the world, stem of half pay for live years is limited to such
to drift throujp hie. Wan tins; education, their lot, i of his children as shall be under sixteen years of
has been lowly, and they have eaten the bread uf | age at the time of lug death, or to his widow, if he
leaves one. It does not include all the minors.
The law of 1850 extends its benefits first to the
widow and then to the minor children. Suppose
you give it to the brothers and sisters of the de-
ceased soldiers, who, if living, would be entitled
to its benefits. Perhaps there are ten of these
brothers and sisters, and two or three of them
have died leaving some five or six or more children
each. They must prove, in order to get a forty-
acre land warrant, all the heirs entitled under the
law—all the brothers and sisters, and all the chil-
dren of such as are dead. I think this would be
impracticable, living, as many of them would be,
in different parts of the country, and even when
they should have established their relationship and
their title to a warrant for forty, eighty, or even
one hundred and sixty acres of land, it would not
be worth the trouble and expense incurred m get-
ting it.
Mr. MARSHALL, (interrupting.) Does not
the gentleman perceive that my amendment does
not propose to descend beyond brothers and sis-
ters : As a matter of course, if any of them have
died, leaving children, those children being in a
i collateral Line, further removed, would be cut off.
! We must stop somewhere.
i Mr. JONES. Then the gentleman's amend-
ment is unjust, and should be r^ected on that
ground. According to thatamendment^one broth-
er who happens to live will be entitled to the ben-
efits, while another who dies, leaving a number of
minor children unable to support themselves,
will not have any of the benefits of this law which
you intend for the brothers and sisters of the sol-
diers who have died before they made application
for their warrants. Sir, I cannot see the necessity
or propriety of extending thi-i law. Perhaps the
brothers of these men who died were in the ser-
vice and received the benefits of the law on their
own account.
So far as the heirs are concerned, I think the
law of 1850 extends sufficiently far, and 1 hope
theHouse will vote down the amendment, i woulcfr
further say, that I think it would be sound policy
in us to rise and report this bill, and let it lay upon
the table until the Senate shall have disposed of
the House amendment, or ask a committee of
conference, when the whole subject will be disposed
of in that manner, and, perhaps, satisfactorily to a
majority of each House.
Mr. MEADE. Is it in order to propose an
amendment to the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall?]
The CHAIRMAN. It will be m order.
Mr. MEADE. I propose, then, as an amend-
ment to add after the word "died" ia the third line,
the words " after the passage of the -sa:d act." I
understand the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] joes to the extent of
embracing the heirs generally of all soldiers in the
war of 1812, and m every war we have had since
the Revolution, up to the present time. The prob-
ability, then, is that for every man enlisted during
these wars, there will be a warrant for forty, or
one hundred and sixty acres of land, to be taken
out of the public domain. The bill of 1850 limits
these warrants to certain classes of soldiers: m the
first place to those who may be living; in the second
place to those who have died leaving widows only,
or infant children. In that way, probably no more
than one fourth of the whole number of soldiers
who enlisted in these wars will receive these bounty
lands. Now if this House is willing to grant, m
addition to the ten or fifteen millions uf acres of
public land already granted to the soldiers, some
thirty or forty millions more, then I will adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall.]
But I thought there was an amendment neces-
sary to the original bill which was passed in 1850,
so as to secure to the heirs generally of those sol-
diers who were living at the passage of that act,
these bounty lands, in case they shall have failed
to secure their warrants before their death. The
act of 1850 gave to those soldiers who were then
living, a vested right; and in case they were
dead, or should be so unfortunate as to die pre-
vious to the issuing of their warrants, I think
it right that those lands should have descended
to their heirs generally, in case they left neither
a widow nor an infant child. I understand
that the Secretary of the Interior has given a
most extraordinary construction to that act, to
the effect that if a soldier makes his application,
