THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 30, 1852.
New Series No 151.
referred to anybody, I do not know to whom it was
referred. As the Senator from Arkansas has con-
sidered this whole subject—as it was under his
charge for a long period of time—I ask him to in-
form the Senate to whom it was referred ? and by
whom, if by anybody, the claim has been ad-
jugded ?
Mr. BORLAND. I will answer the Senator
from Ohio; it was certainly adjudged by proper
authority—by authority of the Secretary of the
Senate, the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
and the Clerk of the Committee on Printing—who
constitute a board to audit and settle the printer's
accounts during the recess of Congress. This ac-
count was presented to that board, and by them,
with full legal authority, considered, though I
think they erred.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on the
first branch of the amendment of Mr. Pear.ce
to the amendment, resulted—yeas 18, nays 30; as
follows:
YEAR —Messrs. Borland, Brodhead, Chase, Clarke, j
Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Foot, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, ]
Smith, Spiuance, Sumner, Underwood, Uphain, Wade, I
and Walker—18. ;
NAYS.—Messrs. Bavard, Bradbury,-Bright, Brooke, 1
Clemens, De Saussure, Dodse of Iowa, Douglas Downs, !
"Feleh, Gwm, Hamlin, Houston, Hunter, James, Jones of j
Iowa, King, Mallorv, Mfm«ium,.Ma«;on, Meriwether, Mor- [
ton, Nonis, Rusk, Seward, Shield**, Soule, Stockton, Ton- ;
cey, and Weller—30.
So it was disagreed to. ;
The question then recurred on the second branch
of the amendment to the amendment, which was 1
to insert: j
"And for printing the obituary notices of the deceased 1
Pies> dent Taylor, said contractor shall be paid the actual .
cost, with a profit of twenty per cent." j
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know of those !
"who can inform us, whether the same terms will
be charged in regard to printing the obituary no- j
tices of Mr. Clay ?
Mr. BORLAND. The terms are notthesame,
and the contractors are different. i
Mr. PEARCE called for the yeas and nays on !
the amendment; and they were ordered; and being ;
taken, resulted—yeas 33, nays 16; as follows: |
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Borland, Biadbury, j
Brodltead, Brooke, Chase, Claike, Cooper, Davi*. Daw- j
son, Foot, Hamhn, Houston, Hunter, King, Mangum, Ma- ,
son, Menvvelher, Miller, Morton, Pearce, Piatt, Seward, !
Smith,. Sou!*, Spruanee, Sumner, Underwood, Upharn, j
Wade, Walker, and Weller—33. j
NAYS—Messrs. Bright, Clemens, De Saussure, Dodge !
of fowa, Douglas, Downs, Fetch. Gwin, Jame«, Jones of '
Iowa, JMallory, Norns, Rusk, Shields, Stockton, and !
Toucey--16. 1
So it was agreed to. i
The question then recurred on the amendment !
as amended.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
-nays; and they wereordered: and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 33, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Borland. Bradbury,
Bright, Brooke, Clemens, Cooper, Dawson, De Saussure,
Dodge of Iowa, Douglas, Down*!, Felch, Gwin, Houston,
Hunter, James, Jones of Iowa, King, Mallory, Manffiim,
Macon, Meriwether, Morton, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
Soule, Stockton, Toucey, Walker, and Weller—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Brodhead, Chase, Claike, Davi?, Foot,
MiHer, Notris, Pearce, Smith, Sprjiance, Sumner, Under-
wood, Uphain, and Wade—14.
So it was adopted.
Mr. COOPER. There is a provision in the
bill for the redemption of seventeen Loan Office cer- j
tificates, giving their numbers, and appropriating '
$4,165 42 for that object. I move to strike out
"seventeen," and insert "eighteen," and to insert
No 266 as the number of the certificate proposed
to be canceled; and increase the appropriation to
$29,000.
This is to provide for a certificate which is out-
standing; the original certificate has been lost. I ,
hold in my hand a statement from the Register of j
the Treasury, showing that the amount stands to '
the credit of the parties on the books of the Treas-
ury Department; and I have also in my hand a '
letter from the Acting Secretary of the Treasury,
recommending an appropriation sufficient to pay
4t. I wiU state that the original claim was for
151
cannon furnished during the revolutionary war, a
claim that was settled at the Treasury, under the
act of 1790, 1 think; but the certificate which was
issued to the parties has been lost. Proof is made
of the loss, and the statement from the Treasury
Department admits that the amount stands to the
credit of the parties, and has never been paid; and
I have here a recommendation for its payment.
No difficulty can accrue, because there is a proviso
in the section as it comes from the House: " That
* satisfactory evidence be produced to the Seere-
' tary of the Treasury that the persons who have
* presented the said certificates for payment are
* the bona Jide holders of the same."
The honorable Senator from Virginia knows
that what I have said in reference to the facts of
the case is true. The recommendation is that
the appropriation be increased to $25,000; but
that is not necessary, because the certificate
amounts to a little over $19,000, and it was a little
shorter to insert the simple word "twenty" be-
fore (i four," so as to make the appropriation
$24,165 42.
Mr, HUNTER. I believe I might, with pro-
priety, raise a point of order as to the amendment;
but I think I can get my object in a shorter way.
The papers in this case were handed to me by the
Senator from Pennsylvania, and I examined them,
and sent them to the First Comptroller for the
purpose of ascertaining; whether such things had
ever been granted. This is not to pay a Loan
Office certificate which is itself presented, and for
which claims the clause in question was framed;
but it is to present a claim for a lost certificate.
The Comptroller has informed me that such things
have been rarely done, and then upon strict ex-
amination, and only by special act. It seems to
me, therefore, eminently proper that this should
be the subject of special investigation and of spe-
cial act. I think that the honorable Senator, prob-
ably, after he has discharged his dutj* to his con-
stituent by presenting it, will not press it; but it
seems to me at any rate, obviously unfit for this
bill.
Mr. COOPER. I cannot consent to withdraw
the amendment by any means. I hold in my hand
the certificate of the Register of the Treasury. I
did hope that the Senator would have stated that
what'I have said was the fact, because he certainly
knew it. Here is the certificate from the Treas-
ury Department:
Treasury Department, )
TIrgisti^'s Oh- icf, J}ua,usl k27, !H5?, ^
I certify the above to be a hue extract from the list of
final settlement certificates, issued by Benjamin Stelle,
commissioner for -.eulins dehts due by the United States in
the State ot Pei'iit-ylvania, and that it appear from ihe
recoids of thin ofhee that the certificate i-. now onNiandnsg
and unpaid. TOVVNvSKPCD HAINES, Re^tci.
Here is a letter from the Treasury Department:
Trkasury Department, August 27, 1S5Q.
Sir* I beg leave to call the attention of the Finance
Committee to the section of the geneial appiopnation bill,
page 49, line 1,194, providing for the redenip'nm of old out-
standing Loan Ol'ice certificates. The appropintion as it
now stands only provides for the specific claim- then before
the Department, leaving no margin for^uch other-? a? may
be presented durmp the current year. There ha-* been Tins
day presented another claim, the specie value ot which, at
the tune of its issuing, was .j6, winch must be pio-
vided for or remain unpaid. And in oider to promote set-
tlement of such othei claims as may he presented,! re-
spectfully request that the bill be amended, commencing at
line 1,205, page 50, by uii.eiting yi5,0U0, in lieu of ^4,165 42,
the amount appropriated by the bill.
WfLLFAM L, IIODGE,
Jl(tins> Secretary of the Treasury.
Now, can there be any doubt about that ? Here
is the specific certificate, end I will ask what in-
jury can ever result to the Treasury? What odds 
does it make whether the original exists or not?
If it be paid, it is canceled on the books of the
Treasury, and it does not matter a tittle whether
the original certificate is in hand or not. I admit
that the Senator from Virginia sent to the Treas-
ury, and Mr. Whittlesey said that there ought to
be great caution. WeM, sir, what more caution
do you want than the certificate of the party against
whom the claim is preferred, that it is due and
outstanding? Why, in the deficiency bill there
was precisely a claim similar to this. And I am
told privately, (but I suppose I may refer to it
here,) by the honorable Senator from Virginia,
that in that case the certificate was presented. It
was not presented; because I received the papers,
and there was no such thing among them. But
it was probably in the Treasury Department, as
I believe they are in the habit of filing the certiii-
cates themselves in the Treasury. If* they were
so then, what odds does the presentation of the
certificate make, when you have charged on the
books of the Treasury the amount that is due,
when we ask for its payment, and particularly
when there is a provision m the bill that the amount
due on these certificates, before being paid, shall
be ascertained by the Treasury?
The amendment was agreed to, tli^re being on
a division—ayes 19, noes 18.
Mr. SOULE. I have not squandered away the
time of the Senate during this debate, and I have
some two or three amendments to propose, which
I hope it may be the pleasure of the Senate to
adopt. The first one is to insert among the ap-
propriations for the Mint at New Orleans the fol-
lowing:
For the propoition due by said Mint for square block
paving ftom esplanade to Boswoiih suoet, to be paid to
Thomas IIaine&, ^1,266 40.
This is the proportion due by the Mint to the
city of New Orleans for the paving of the streets
around the Mint. By the city regulations, the
city pays one third the amount, and the propri-
etors on each side pay one third each. The bill
is due, and i suppose there cannot beany diffi-
culty as to its payment.
The PRESIDENT. Is there an estimate for
it?
Mr. SOULE. Yes, sir; I have communicated
it to the chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. This is no more a private
claim than some others which have been intro-
duced into the bill. It comes within the prece-
dents of cases which we have received.
Mr. SOULE. I have precedents in my hands
showing that such claims have been at previous
times introduced into the civil and diplomatic ap-
propiiation bill.
Mr. CLARICE. I really feel desirous to know
upon what this is based? The Government of
the United Spates, it seems, have purchased a site
for a Mint at New Orleans*, and having purchased
that site, some municipal regulation of that city
has imposed upon that location a tax, for some
proportional expense for paving.
Mr. SOULE. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken. It is not a tax.
Mr. CLARKE. Then I should like to under-
stand Englidh.
Mr. SOCJLE. It is not a tax. It is an assess-
ment for a proportion due by each proprietor for
benefits derived to the property.
Mr. CLARICE. I confess I do not understand
the difference between an assessment and a tax.
The Government of the United States, in conse-
quence of owning this Mint in New Orleans, are
called upon to pay an assessment, as the Senator
says, for paving the streets, and laying the side-
walks at, the side of the pavement. Now, is that a
patt of the appropriation due by the Government ?
Is it not within the general rule, that when the
Government of the United States takes a deed of
property of this kind in any part of any State in
the United States, they shall be exempt from tax-
ation?
Mr. CLEMENS. We will vote for something
for your State.
Mr. CLARKE. A proposition is made here
by a Senator, that he will vote for anything in my
State as enormous as this, although wc ask nothing
of that kind. Then I have nothing more to say
about the mat-tei.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. There is an appropriation of
$150,000 for continuing; the construction of the
custom-house at New Orleans. I move to amend
it by adding:
Subject to the limitations and restrictions imposed on
the appropriation made lot th« same object at the last ses
