026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 24,
regiment was discharged, to the place where it was organ-
ized, and from whence it marched to enter the servtee.
Mr DUNHAM. It will be seen the object of
the section is to obviate the difficulty suggested by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Fuller.] The
officers have construed the bounty land law to
mean, that in case of the death of the soldier after
having made his application and before the war-
rant has been issued, the warrant shall not issue
upon such application. If the application has
been made by the soldier, then the widow, if there
is one, must come in and make a new application;
or, if the widow has made the application, the
warrant cannot issue upon that application, but a
new application must be made in order to get a
warrant for the children. The object of this sec-
tion is to remedy that difficulty, and authorize the
Department to issue the warrants. to the parties
entitled upon the application which may have been
filed by the original party, upon proof, as a mat-
ter of course, of the heirship. They have also
construed that law to mean, in a case where the
warrant has actually issued and has not been lo-
cated, and the patent has not been issued, if the
warrantee is dead, the title does not pass to his
representatives. This section also provides, in-
stead of such a construction as this, that they shall
issue a patent to the party entitled if the soldier
made the application, and instead of the warrant
being returned and a new application being made
out for the widow, the widow herself shall come
on and make the location, or the children may go
on and perfect the title by taking out the patent
upon the warrant already issued. I think there is
no doubt but what this section ought to be adopt-
ed, and I think it comes In very appropriately
after the one offered by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and which has been
adopted. If the House are disposed to carry out
the principle laid down in adopting the proposition
of the gentleman from Kentucky, they must adopt
the amendment I propose, for this follows the
original bill giving the warrant to the widow, and
in case of the death of the widow, to the minor
children, but it goes no further. In order to make
the bill consistent, it is necessary that the same
amendment which the gentleman offers should be
made to this section, and which I shall leave him
to offer.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I see the
inconsistency, and I will move to amend the
amendment, so as to make it consistent. I pro-
pose, then, to amend the amendment by striking
out in the seventh and tenth lines the words " mi-
nor heirs" and inserting " his children, or in case
there are no children, then to his father or mother,
or in default of these, to hisbrothers and sisters."
I offer it in compliance with the suggestions of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] that it
is necessary in order to make the section he pro-
poses consistent with the section which the com-
mittee lias just adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the 40th rule of the House, and let gentle-
men determine how many are interested in this
bill by their fathers or brothers.
The rule was then read, as follows:
u No member shall vote oil any question in the event of
which he is immediately and particularly interested, or in
any case where he wag not within the bar of the House
when the question was put. And when any member shall
ftsk leave to vote, the Speaker shall propound to him the
"question,' Were you within the bar when your name was
* called ?> 
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a point of order. I
voted in the affirmative. I am directly interested,
and I do not like to vote in violation of the rules
of the House. I have already given my vote
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and should like to with-
draw it.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late for the gen-
tleman to change his vote.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of Mr.
Marshall.
[mr. darby qualified.
At this point of the proceedings, Mr. Darby,
of Missouri, who had been unable to take his seat
in consequence of severe indisposition, was here
brought into the Hall in a chair, and had the usual
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States administered to him by the Speaker.]
Mr. MEADE. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill, to come in at the end of the amendment
which has just been adopted on the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment has not
yet been agreed to. The pending question is on
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.] '
Mr. MEADE then moved to amend Mr. Dun-
ham's amendment, by adding thereto the follow-
ing: ;
Provided, That in no case shall a collateral relation be
entitled, where there are any descendants of such soldier
living.
Mr. M. said: That amendment would more
properly belong at the end of the amendment
which has just been adopted, and which was
proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky. The
gentleman from Kentucky did not probably effect
his own object by that amendment. He certainly
did not intend to exclude the grand-children of the
soldier, for the benefit of his brothers and sisters.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman, and
which has been adopted, gives the land, in case
there are no children, to the father and mother,
and if there is no father and mother, then to the
brothers and sisters. But if the soldier has a
dozen grand-children, they receive nothing.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, (interrupting.)
I ask the gentleman if it has not been repeatedly
decided that grand-children comein under the term
" children."
Mr. MEADE. It may be so in Kentucky, but
I assure the gentleman it is not so throughout the
United States. I know very well it has been de-
cided that where a testatQr leaves property to his
children, it is to be divided between the children
and not the grand-children. I think that if the
committee intend finally to adopt that clause, it
should be amended in such a way as to secure the
land to the descendants of the soldier instead of
to the collateral heirs. I have offered the amend-
ment in order to draw the attention of the com-
mittee to the injustice that would be done if the
bill should pass in its present shape, and I now
withdraw the amendment in the hope that the al-
teration will hereafter be made.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. BRENTON moved to amend Mr. Dun-
ham's amendment by striking out the word " ex-
planatory" in the third line, and inserting the
word " amendatory" in lieu thereof.
Mr. B. said: I am decidedly m favor of the
amendment proposed by my colleague, but I
think it does not meet the case that he intends to
provide for, and I offer this amendment merely for
the purpose of making a suggestion to him. I
suggest to him that he should insert after the
words "the passage of this act," these words,
"and shall have made his application."
The object of my colleague, as I understand it,
is to meet a case of this sort, where the soldier
having made his application, and having died be-
fore the issue of the warrant, his widow and chil-
dren have to make a new application. Now, in
order to meet that case fully, the amendment I
have suggested will have to be adopted.
I am inclined also to think that when the dif-
ferent amendments which have been adopted shall
be put together, we shall find a mass of confusion,
of which some of us will perhaps he ashamed. I
am clearly of the opinion that in the present state
of the question—this whole subject having been
heretofore diseased here for days—the true pol-
icy for this committee to pursue is to lay this bill
aside, and await the action of the Senate upon the
measure which has already been sent from this
House. I can see no necessity for spending time
in going over and over the same ground, when
this whole question must come up again hereafter.
The committee had better rise, lay this subject
upon the table, and await the action of the Sen-
' ate on the other hill. We shall then know where
we are, and be able to act understandingly.
Mr. B. then, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. BELL moved to amend Mr. Dunham's
amendment by striking out all after the words
i " be it enacted," and inserting in lieu thereof the
! following:
That in the event of the death of a commissioned officer,
musician, or private, who shall have made application for
bounty land under the provisions of said act, during the
pendency of such application, any warrant issued in the
name of any such deceased applicant, such wariant so
issued shall not become void, but shall inure to and for the
benefit of those entitled thereto, the same as if such officer
or soldier had been deceased at the passage of said act.
Mr. B. said: I will simply state to the commit-
tee that that amendment is designed to meet the
views of the Secretary of the Interior, expressed
in a letter which I have received from him. It pro-
vides that in the event of the death of an applicant
during the pendency of his application, the war-
rant issued in the name of said applicant shall
inure to the benefit of those entitled thereto; it does
not name any particular class of heirs, hut leaves
that dependent on the law. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Dunham]—who does not seem
to be in his seat—will see the propriety of adopting
this as a substitute for his amendment.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question now being upon the amendment
as amended,
Mr. BELL. Will the Chair state the question
as it now stands ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on tjie
adoption of the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio, as an addition to the fifth section of the bill
reported by the select committee as amended on
the motion of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Beli..] •
Mr. BELL. My motion was to strike out all
after the enacting clause in the amendment of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.]
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair did not
understand the motion of the gentleman. The
question then is upon the amendment as amended
—being, in fact, the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bell] as a substitute for that of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham.]
The question was taken, and the amendment as
amended was agreed to.
Mr. GAYLORD. Is there a third section to
the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. There is, but it has not
yet been reported.
Mr. GAYLORD. I move to strike out the
third section of the bill before the House, and to
insert the/ourth section of the Senate bill.
The third section was then reported, as follows:
Sec. 3. Jind be it further resolved, That the said offi-
cers, whether in or out of office at the time of the passage
of this act, or their legal or personal representatives in case
of their death,shall be entitled to receive from the Treasury
of the United States, for similar services heretofore per-
formed in such cases, an amount equal to the compensation
provided for by the first section of this act, after deducting
the amount already received by such officers under the act
entitled a An act to requiie the holders of military land war-
rants to compensate the land officers of the United States
tor services in relation to the location of those warrants,."
approved May 17, 18-48: Provided, That no register Of
receiver shall receive any compensation out of the Treas-
ury of the United States for past services, who has charged
and received illegal or exorbitant fees fei the location of
such warrants.
The fourth section of the Senate billy which it
was proposed to substitute forthe above, was then-
read by the Clerk, as follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnfl be it further enacted, That m all cases
where the militia or volunteers or State troops of any State
or Territory were called into military service, and whose
services have been paid by the United States subsequent to
the 18th of June, 1812, the officers and soldiers of such
militia, volunteers, or troops, shall be entitled to all the
benefit's of the act entitled " An act granting bonnty land to
certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States,'^approved' September
28,1850, and shall receive landsfortheir services according
to the provisions of said act, upon pioof of length of service
as therein required; and that the la<tt proviso of the ninth
section of the act of the lith of February, 1847, be and the
same is hereby repealed: Fromded, That nothing herem
contained shall authorize bounty land to those who have
heretofoi e received or become entitled to the same.
Mr. LANE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to amend the portion to be stricken out, or
that to be inserted ?
Mr. LANE. To that to be inserted I move
the following:
Provided, further, That all persons who performed mili-
tary service in defence of the citizens of the Teiritory of
Oregon against the Cayuse Indians, in what is commonly
known as the Oayuse war'' of 1847 and 1S48, are heieby
held and declared to have been in the service of the United
States for all the purpose of this act, and the act to which
. thn is an amendment, and entitled accordingly.
Jind it is further provided, That all persons entitled to
bounty land warrants under the provisions of this act, or of
the act to which this is an amendment, and who may be
residents of said Territory of Oregon at the date of the pas-
sage of this act, shall be entitled and peimiUed to locate
their warrants upon any unclaimed lands in said Territory,
