1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 8,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
say this: that the committee has no right to origin-
ate a bill, report it to the House, and recommend
its rejection.
[Cries of" Order" Order!"]
The question was then taken on Mr. Johnson's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
ayes 90, noes 41.
So the appeal was laid upon the table, and the
decision of the Chair was sustained as the judg-
ment of the House.
Mr. OLDS. Has the bill received its second
reading;?
The SPEAKER. It has, and is being read for
the information of the House. After the bill was,
in the ordinary way, read a second time by its
title, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ben-
nett] said it was his wish to put it upon its pas-
sage, and asked that the bill might be read for
information. The Clerk was in the act of read-
ing it, when he was interrupted by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
Mr. MEADE. Is it too late to make a motion
to reject the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I certainly did not un-
derstand that the bill was passing its readings. It
was on the point of being reported from the com-
mittee, and it was upon that point the gentleman
was making his speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states that
the bill was read by its title a first and second
time, without objection. The gentleman from
New York then specified his desire to have the
bill put upon its passage, and asked that it might
be read. The Clerk was in the act of reading the
bill, when he was arrested by the gentlemanfrom
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. There is a mis-
take, if I am correct, in regard to a matter of fact.
I understand the fact to be, that this is not a bill
originated by the committee upon a petition, but
a bill that accompanied the petition to the com-
mittee.
• The SPEAKER. The Chair does not so un-
derstand it.
Mr. STUART. That is the very point I made,
and I ask the Chair to turn his attention to the re-
port. It is expressly stated there 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman state his
question of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. 1 understood the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bbnnett] to say
that this was not a bill originated by the commit-
tee upon a petition, but a bill that accompanied a
petition to the committee.
Mr. BENNETT, The gentleman is mistaken
as to the facts. The memorial was sent up to the
Clerk's desk, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands. There was no bill with u. 1 pre-
sented the bill to the committee, and they directed j
me to report it to the House with a lecommenda- j
tion that it do not pass. Iiut the bill was not filed !
at the desk. I
Mr. HARRIS. Was this bill originated by the :
Committee on Public Lands? I
Mr. BENNETT. Yes, sir; I am a member of'
that committee. ||
. Mr. STUART. I ask to have the report read !
again, and I make the point of order that this bill, !
as stated by the committee, was sent to the com- j
mittee with a memorial, and is not a bill which ;!
they originated. ,j
The SPEAKER. And for that reason, the gen- jj
tleman takes an appeal from the decision of the !i
Chair > ;!
Mr. STUART. I take an appeal for the reason
that the question now is whether the report of the
committee shall be adopted, and not whether the
bill shall be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. For the information of the
Chair and of the House, the report accompanying
the bill will again be read. The Chair desires to
act understanding in regard to this matter.
The Clerk again'read the report.
Mr. STUART. My point of order is this, that i
the question on that report is, Shall the report |
ofthecommitteebeconcurredin?—that this bill is a !
part of the memorial, and that the report is ad- I
verse to the prayer of the petitioners.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it was the direction of the committ.ee that the bill
be reported to the House. It is true that there is
a recommendation that the bill do not pass.
Mr. STUART. What is the question, then,
before the House?
The SPEAKER. It is, first, upon the reading
of the bill, and then upon its engrossment.
Mr/SrUART. What becomes of the recom-
mendation of the committee?
The SPEAKER. It is to be followed, or r.ot,
as the House thinks proper. The gentleman,the
Chair supposes, would hardly take up a report
and consider it instead of the bill accompanying
the report.
Mr. STUART. Is not the very recommenda-
tion of the committee that the bill be rejected?
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states to
the House, that, as he understands it, the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have directed—and have
done so distinctly—the gentleman from New
York, a member of that committee, to report this
bill for the consideration of the House, it is true
they have submitted a shortreport, in which they
recommend to the House that the bill do not pass.
The Chair again decides that the bill is before this
body, and that it is for the House to follow, or
not, as it may see lit, the recommendation of the
committee, aside from the bill.
Mr. STUART. Will the Speaker allow me to
ask this question: Is theie any distinction be-
tween [Loud cries of" Order P'j-r-l take it that
I have a right to state my point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to state his point of order, and take an appeal.
Mr. STuART. Is there any distinction be-
tween a report from the Committee on Public
Lands and a report from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union ? A report being
made to the House, with a recommendation that
the bill be rejected, is not the question, in either
instance, on coneiunng in the report of the com-
mittee ?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair?
Mr. STUART. I do.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman again pro-
poses to appeal from the decision of the Chair on
a point which has already been determined by the
House. The Chair thinks it is hardly competent
for him to do so.
Mr. STUART. I do not think it is the same
point. I make the point that the first question,
and the only question that can be first put, is upon
concurring upon the report.
The SPEAKER. What would the gentleman
do if the committee only recommended the pas-
sage of the bill? Would he take up the report
and act upon it, or would he act upon the bill?
Mr. STUART. IT the committee recommended
the passage of the bill, then the question is on the
ordinary stages for that purpose. But, suppose
the House adopts the report of the committee in
this case, that settles the question; if they reject
the report of the committee, then the bill is before
the llouse for consideration.
Mr. FOWLER. i rise to a point of order,
which lies back of all this. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bennett] reported this bill and
proposed to put it upon its passage. He then re-
quested that it might be read for information. The
Speaker asked if there was objection, no objection
was made, and the reading proceeded. Now I
hold that it is out of order to interrupt the reading
until it is through.
The SPEAKER. For that reason, as well as
for the reasons given by the Chair, the Chair
overrules the question of order.
Mr. STUART. Under the circumstances, I
take an appeal from the decision.
Mr. FOWLER. And I move to lay the ap-
peal upon the table.
Mr. STUART. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fowler's
motion, and it was agreed to. So the appeal was
laid upon the table, and the decision of the Chair
was sustained,as the judgment of the committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I submit this
question of order, that this bill was not originated
by the Committee on Public Lands; that it never
was introduced into this House and referred to
that committee. It seems to have been reported
bacls by the committee upon the supposition that
it was introduced and properly referred to them,
and they felt it to be their duty to report it back to
the House, with a recommendation that it do not
pass. If the Clerk will refer to the Journal, we
can ascertain whether it was introduced and so re-
ferred. I hold in my hand the written repottof
the committee, which is in these words: "The
i Committee on Public Lands, to whom was re-
4 ferred the memorial of George W. Sumner and
4 others, asking that grants of land, for railroad
4 and school purposes, may be made equally to all
i the States upon some fair and just principle of
4 apportionment, accompanied by a hill Tor thatpur-
4 pose, [the memorial accompanied by a bill!] have
4 had the same under consideration,"and so forth.
Mr. BENNETT, i think the great difficulty
results from a misapprehension of the facts of the
case. The bill was drawn by myself, and the
committee agreed, with but one dissenting voice,
to report it to the House for consideration. But
a majority of that committee were not willing to
vote for the bill, and therefore they voted to report
it to the House with a recommendation that it do
not pass.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Harris.] The reason stated bythe
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Fowler]
would be conclusive if there were no other reason.
But this bill was reported by the Committee on
Public Lands, was received without objection,and
was read a first and second time. It is therefore
too late now for the gentleman to raise his point of
order.
Mr. HARRIS. I have no disposition to ap-
peal. I desire, however, to say to the gentleman
from New York, [Mi?. Bennett,] that if I have
misconceived the facts, 1 was misled by the writ-
ten report of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. POLK. I desire to inquire if the morning
hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr FOWLER. 1 insist the reading of the
bill shall be concluded.
The remainder of the bill was then read.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted, That of the lands
granted by this act to the said first-named eleven States, a
portion thereof shall be applied in confoimtty with the fore-
going provisions, to aid in the construction of the railroads
already commenced by said States respectively, or for
which said States have made appropnations, or pledged
the credit of said States respectively, and the remamdei of
the land hereby granted to each of said seveial States, to
be applied in the manner aforesaid, to aid in the construc-
tion of such other raihoads as the Legislatures of said sev-
eral States may respectively designate.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted^ That the nineteen
States m said first section of this act last named, and said
Territories and District, a?e severally authorized to apply
the proceeds of the lands hereby severally granted to each
of said States, Temtories, and District to the suppoitof
schools. And the Commissioner of Public Lands, under
the direction of the Secrctaiy of the Interior, shall issue to
each of said wneteen States, said Territories, and District,
respectively, land warrants to the amount in all to which
each of &aid nineteen States, and said Territories and Dis-
trict, are respectively entitled under this act, (except so far
as the lands granted to Ohio and Indiana are situated with-
in the limits of said States.)
And said nineteen States, and said Territories and Dis-
tnot, ore severally nuiUonzed to sell and dispose of said
land warrant?, and the s>ame are to be valid and effectual
in the hands of any owner or holder thereof, and may be
located by such owner oi holder, upon any public lands
subject to private entry, in the same manlier as land war-
lantsfor militaiy services are authonzed by law to be lo-
cated. And the title of the laud so located by any owner or
holder of said land warrants, shall be secured and perfected
to such owner or holder, in the same roanney as other land
warrants issued by the United States.
Said land wan ants -ball be so engraved and printed as to
prevent deception and counterfeiting; shall be signed by
the Secretary of the fnterior or the Cotrrmissionsr of the
Public Lands, or for them by such other peiaoas astheSee-
) ratnxy may direct, and countersigned by the Governor of
! each State receiving the same, or by such other officers as
! the said nineteen States, Territories, and District, may
j respectively designate toi that purpose > and sard land war-
1 rants shall be for not le^s than eighty, nor over one hundred
! and sixty acres each : Provided7 That no State, Territory,
! or District, shall be authorized to locate any wan ants in its
! own name or for its own benefit; and that no warrant
j issued underthe provisions of this act, shall be located upon
■ any laud" to which there shall be a preemption right, or on
! winch there shall be an actual settlement and cultivation,
j except by the per«on holding such preemption right, or by
j such settler and cultivator.
j Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That each and all of
the railroads in any Slate in the Union, made either wholly,
I oi m part, from the pioceeds of the lands granted by this
: act, are hereby made and declared post-roads, and shall
| forever hereafter, at all times, transport the marls, military
1 stores, force?, and property of the tlnited States, under the
; direction of the proper officers thereof, and Congress may
i by law fix the rate of compensation to be allowed for such
seivices.
Sec. 6. And bo. it further enaHed^ That all mineral lands ,
are hereby reserved to the United States from the operation
of this act, except such as are by law subject to private
entiy by individuals.
