1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
62?
and that upon such survey and location patent shall issue
' therefor as in other cases.
Mr. L. said: J offer this amendment, because I
think it oujjht to be adopted—because I think the
people of Oregon have claims upon this Govern-
ment which can only be paid by the adoption of
such a provision as £ have proposed to this bill.
There is 110 class of cases, in my judgment, more
meritorious than this. At a time when the Terri-
tory of Oregon had not more than nine hundred
voters, and when they could get no assistance
from the Government of the United States; when
there had been no troops sent there, and before
the laws of the country extended over them, the
Indians made war upon that country. They com-
menced by killing Dr. Whiteomb, his wife,
and all about him, and threatened, by a union of
the tribes in that vicinity, to overrun the entire
settlements and destroy them. It was thought ne-
cessary by the provisional government to call out
the people of that Territory. They turned out
almost to a man, and endured all the hardships of a
service of nearly nine months, without provisions,
without supplies, without a commissary, without
a quartermaster, without clothing, and without
arms; every one taking up such arms as he could
get hold of, for the purpose of defending his coun-
try, and saving the lives'of the women and chil-
dren in that country. They performed a harder
service than any volunteers performed in the service
of this countiy since the war of the Revolution.
But there is no law giving them a bounty for that
service. They are justly entitled to it. I think, if
this House will ever inquire into this case, and
understand it—if they will look at the condition
that country was in at the time to which I allude,
and the good conduct of the people in defending
themselves—if they could know of the sufferings
and hardships that people endured, they would
readily, I have 110 doubt, provide for placing them
upon the same footing with the other volunteers
who have served their country. Is there any
good reason why volunteers, serving in a proper
and just war for avenging the murders committed
upon the people of Oregon, should not be provided
for the same as the volunteers servingin any other
portion of the country ? I have no doubt about
this defence; and if the House will understand it—
if they will understand the nature of the war and
the service performed by the people of Oregon—-I
believe there is no member here who would hes-
itate to make this provision. The whole force
mustered into the service did not exceed five hun-
dred men, and I think less than that. Now, all
we ask is, that they may be entitled to the same
amount of land to which other people are entitled
who have acted as soldiers in the service of the
country. We ask, also, that they may have the
privilege of locating their lands in the Territory of
Oregon. We do not ask that they may be al-
lowed to come here, but that they may be allowed
just what they are entitled to, and the firivilegeof
locating their "lands in the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. COBB. I want to ask the gentleman a
question, and it is this: Are the people which the
gentleman desires to make provision for, citizens
of Oregon ?
Mr. LANE. They are citizens of Oregon.
Mr. COBB. It would be with a great deal of
•difficulty that I could be brought to vote against
anything which the honorable gentleman from j
Oregon [Mr. Lane] might even ask for. I recol-
lect distinctly, after I gave a vote a few days ago
to provide for that gentleman, I was told that I
should have to answer for that vote at home.
"Well, sir, if I have to answer for it, let me answer
for it. I will do justice.
As to the amendment which the gentleman from
Oregon proposes to the amendment, I am opposed
to if. T well recollect, when 1 was upon the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, we all strove to provide
bountifully for that Territory, and a provision
was made giving each settler from on& hundred
and sixty to three hundred and twenty acres of
land, and even much larger grants than that. I
am determined, so far as my action goes, to provide
liberally for the people of that Territory, and I am
"willing to vote for anything in the line of reason
which the gentleman from Oregon asks for; but
■when he proposes an amendment which is to trarr-
mel the bill, and which I know, whether it is in-
tended or not, will have the effect to trammel the
amendment introduced by the gentleman from
Ohio, which contains a meritorious provision for
which the act of 28th September, 1850, was in-
tended to provide, I cannot go with the gentleman
thus far.
Mr. Chairman, the proposition of the gentleman
from Oregon proposes to giv&Jo that meritorious
class of citizens what we have already given, and
we have given a much larger amount than he now
proposes. I will ask that a letter be read from the
Secretary of the Interior, to show his decision in
relation to those "citizens which we intended to be
provided for by the bounty land law of 1850. 1
know what we did intend to do then, the decision
of the Secretary of the Interior to the contrary not-
withstanding. I know that we intended to em-
brace all those individuals who'have been engaged
in service, in the defence of their country, whether
in a war declared by the General Government or
not. Look at the hostilities between this Govern-
ment and the Creek and Cherokee Indians! Did the
Government declare war against them? Why,
sir, the whole of the individuals engaged in the
war with Mexico would not be considered as ser-
ving in a regularly declared war. Was war de-
clared against the Florida Indians? Was war de-
clared against the Mexican Indians? And yetare
the soldiers who fought against those Indians in
the defence of their country, to be denied the ben-
efit of the bounty land law?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I would like
to know the exact state of the question.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion is made to strike
out the third section of the bill, and insert the
fourth section of the Senate bill by way of amend-
ment. The gentleman from Oregon proposes to
amend the amendment by adding to the section
which is proposed to be inserted.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that amendment amend-
able ? •
The CHAIRMAN. It is already an amend-
ment to an amendment in the second degree. The
question must first be taken upon the amendment
to the amendment.
Mr. CARTTER called for the reading of the
amendment of Mr. Lane; which was read as
above inserted.
The question was then taken on the amendment
to the amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. DUNHAM. The bill is now open to
amendment, is it not?
The CHAIRMAN. The third section is open
to amendment. The amendment pending is to
strike out the third section, and insert the fourth
section of the Senate bill.
Mr. FOWLER. I should like to know what
the fourth section is, which it is proposed to in-
sert ? I do not understand it.
The fourth section of the Senate bill was flien
read as above inserted.
Mr. BELL. Before the question is taken on
that amendment, I move to amend the fourth line
of the fourth section of the Senate bill by striking
out the words " subsequent to the 18th of June,
1812." I presume my friend across the way
[Mr. Gavlord] who offered this amendment,
will see the propriety and justice of accepting it.
I would like to know why evidence of payment of
soldiers by Government since June, 1812, is ne-
cessary to entitle them to honntv land, when those
who served in the wars of 1790-'93-'94 are enti-
tled to the same, although they cannot produce
the evidence of payment to them by the Govern-
ment?
[Mr. Dukiiam here made a remark entirely in-
audible to the Reporter.]
Mr. BELL. Very well; I hold that it has been
once paid, and at a subsequent dav it cannot enti-
tle him to a preference over a man who has ren-
dered the service and has not been paid. There
can be no reason for it. If you take the records
of the Department, showing that a man has re-
ceived pay from the Government as evidence that
he has performed services, I ask that the same
rule he applied to evidence of payment existing in
the Departments, at any and all times. If this
provision has any application at all, it is to bring
in a class of soldieis who have not served thirty
days. Now, if they served twenty-nine in the
wars of Harmer, St. Clair, and Wayne, they
surely would be entitled to the same consideration !'
as if they had served in a subsequent war. Hence I
I think it should be stricken out. I do not design !.
to take up the time of the committee, but simply |>
wish to call their attention to this restriction in I;
the section proposed to be substituted. I hope my
amendment will be assented to by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Gaylord.1 m
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Bell, and it was agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. T move that the committee rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman modify
his motion so as to provide that the committee risG
and report the bill?
Mr. DEAN. That is my motion,
Mr. CLINGMAN. There is an amendment
now pending, and until it is disposed of, such a
motion is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is out of or-
der, as there is now an amendment pending.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would inquire if, being in
committee by a special order, the House can do
anything until this matter is disposed of?
The CHAIRMAN It cannot.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Let us vote
down the amendment.
The question being still upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gaylord,]
Mr. LANE. I want to offer an amendment,
winch I hope the House will adopt. I propose to
amend the amendment so that all persons entitled
to warrants, and now living in Oregon Territory,
may have the privilege of locating their warrants
within that Territory. You will recollect that un*-
der the provisions of this law, to which this is
an amendment, bounty iands can be only located
where the public lands are surveyed. They are
not surveyed or in market in Oregon Territory. I
ask that such persons as are referred to in my
amendment, may have the privilege of locating
their claims in Oregon Territory, to be surveyed
by the Surveyor General in the same manner as
other claims are surveyed.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
And it is jurthcr provided, That ;ill persons entitled to
bounty land warrants under the piovisions of tins act, or
of the act to which tins is an amendment, and which may
bp owned by residents of said Tenitory of Oregon at the
date ol the passage of this act, shall be pennitted to locate
their warrants upon any unclaimed lands in said Territory,
and that upon Mich survey and location patents shall issue
therefor, as in other cases.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the proposition of the
gentleman from Oregon [Mr. Lane] will not pre-
vail. In the bill of the last Congress about forty-
eight millions of acres of public lands were be-
stowed by these bounty land warrants. In the
bill before us, as it stands now, about thirty
millions more, I suppose, are proposed to be
granted. We have made these warrants assign-
able. Now, the proposition of the gentleman
from Oregon [Mr. Lank] is, practically, that these
land warrants betaken in large masses and groups—
being bought up by speculators, and be located in
twenty, thirty, or forty miles square in Oregon—
and that these large masses of land be held by one
or two individuals. In the civil and diplomatic bill
there is something of a like proposition, and I call
the attention of the House to it now. It is to open
to these bounty land warrants all lands now un-
surveyed, that may hereafter be surveyed; that is,
to open to the location of them the whole vast
field of all the public lands. A more gigantic sys-
tem of land plunder never was designed by human
ingenuity. We who have lived in the midst of
vast patronn estates in the State of New York,
involved in anti-rent troubles and surrounded by
anti-rent wars, warn the country against this gi-
gantic scheme of land-holding. I warn Congress
to take notice now, that this proposition is not to
be confined to Oregon. It is to go out throughout
all the unsurveyed lands of the United States.
Put down this proposition and the one in the civil
and diplomatic bill now, and give your attention
to it now. Meet it in the beginning, unless you
want the brokeis of Wall street, of Cincinnati,
and St. Louis, who are now gathering these
assignable land warrants in all quarters, and pre-
paring to locate them upon these lands in twen-
ty, thirty, or forty miles square, to establish a
system of patroonery landlordism, such as we
are surrounded by in the State of New York,
and such as has caused murders and disorders of all
sorts, and has co^t us hundreds and thousands of
dollars to enforce the execution of the law.
I am opposed to the proposition of the gentle-
man from Oregon, for Oregon and for all other
parts of the United States. If these land warrants
are to be made assignable, I say confine them to
the surveyed lands, and let them be located upon
