2404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
appointed Commissioner, under my advice and
under the advice of the Secretary of the Interior,
was desired to consult Colonel Graham, who was
then in this city—who had been upon the north-
eastern boundary—as to the manner in which the
commission should be properly organized. Mr.
Commissioner Bartlett consulted Colonel Gra-
ham, and he formed his Commission, so far as he
had power to form it, according to the list pre-
sented to him by Colonel Graham, and that Com-
mission departed from here in conformity with the
list established by the Commissioner under the
advise of Colonel Graham.
I desire to put myself right with my honorable
friend from Virginia, and also with the Senate.
When I made the remark that this was the worst-
formed Commission that ever had departed from
the United States, (and I was under the impres-
sion that I said, from a Christianiand, at least I
ought to have said so,) it was not in reference to
the advice that had been given by Colonel Gra-
ham, but to the manner in which the Government
had chosen to send these individuals out. In or-
der to put myself right on the subject, I will read
the remarks that I did make on that occasion:
" Before Iproceed further, t will say, thatin my opinion
the Commission was organized in one of the worst forms in
which it could possibly have been sent from the United
States. There were tour persons holding a sort of distinct
and separate command. There was, in the first place, the
Commissioner, Mr. John R. Bartlett, who might be consid-
ered, I suppose, as at the head of the civil part of the Com-
mission. fn the next place, at the head or' tfie astronomi-
cal corps was Colonel McClellan, he himself exercising a
certain decree of authority, and I think, as the evidence
has shown, appointing mechanics, who were under his
own authority and conuol."
I believe that was pretty well proved.
"There was another sort of subdivided duty anions them,
which was discharged by Lieutenant Strain, who preferred
the charges against Colonel McClellan. Of him I know
nothing, except that he went with the Commission from
New York ni the steamer Galveston, which left there on
the 3d of August, and arrived at Indianola, Texas,on the
23d of August, 1850. lie claimed a fcort of command, I
suppose, as a naval oflicer, while they were on salt water,
and £ believe he was attached to the Commission with a
view of taking charge of the boats when they should ascend
or descend the Rio "Grande and the Gila; but, I believe he
left the Commission at Victoria, and returned to the city of
Washington, where he preferred those charges.''
Now, allow me to say to my friend from Vir-
ginia that he and I, I think, can have no difference
on this subject. I have read the description of the
Commission which I stated here. 1 omitted, how-
ever, (as was afterwards taken up by me and ex-
plained,) to state that there was a fourth part of
this Commission, under the command of the
lamented Colonel Craig, who was recently killed
near Fort Yumas, or in passing across the desert
from San Diego to Fort Yumas. I mentioned, in
my remarks, the three parts of the Commission.
1 omitted to mention that, in the first place, Mr.
Bartlett was at the head of the civil part of the
Commission*, and I think he had the only civil
part there was about it. In the next place,
there was Colonel McClellan, who was at the
head of the astronomical corps, and appointed
a number of the mechanics. In the next place,
there was Lieutenant Strain, who left at Victoria,
who was in command of something like the naval
portion of the Commission, or that portion of it
which went upon the water. Then there was
Colonel Craig, who was detailed to command the
escort. He went with the Commission from In-
dianola to El Paso; from El Paso to the copper
mines; and from the copper mines down the Gila
to San Diego. Unfortunately for his country and
himself, he was there killed.
That was the only part of my remarks which
related to the forming of the Commission. Was
there anything there about Colonel Graham? No,
sir—not a word. Colonel Graham had nothing
to do with this at all. I was speaking in this por-
tion of my remarks of the organization of it by
the Government here—by the Administration, if
you please; or, if gentlemen want me to be par-
ticular, I will say by the Secretary of the Interior.
It seems almost as if that part of the Executive
Department of the Administration did not know
what they were about. They sent Mr. Bartlett
at the head of this Commission, without their
knowing what he required, and called upon him
to seek the best information he could from any
quarter.
I ssid still further:
" Thus was the Commission formed, so far as regards
those who had charge of it."
There was not a word said yet in reference to
Colonel Graham; although he quotes in his com-
munication to the honorable Senator from Virginia,
that I said this was the worst-formed commission
that ever left the country. I repeat it, sir; it was;
and if any man can dispute it, he has a bolder
front than I have. But my remarks proceed:
"When Mr. Bartlett was appointed I was in the city,
Congress being in session. Under the direction, or by the
advice of the then Secretary of the Interior, (Mr. Ewing,)
Mr. Bartlett was induced to consult Colonel Graham, of
the Topographical Corps, as to the number and the kind of
employees who should go out with bun upon the Commis-
sion ; and I have it in a letter from Mr. Bartlett to me, that
the whole formation of the employees of the civil depart-
ment was made by him, under the advice and by the direc-
tion of Colonel Graham."
Thus much I said. The fact is undisputed that
Mr. Bartlett, under the advice of the Secretary of
the Interior, and under my advice, sought the
better information of Colonel Graham as to the
manner in which he should proceed in organizing
the civil part of his Commission. He accordingly
applied to Colonel Graham, and Colonel Graham
gave him a list of what he supposed would be the
proper and requisite employees upon this Com-
mission. Am I right?
Mr. MASON. Perfectly.
Mr. CLARKE. I am glad to have that point
settled. Mr. Bartlett made application to Colonel
Graham, not that Colonel Graham was obliged
to answer him, but he made it from the high re-
spect that he had for Colonel Graham from the
reputation which that gentleman had acquired.
Mr. HUNTER. I must really rise to a question
of order. Are we to go into the propriety of the
conduct of Mr. Bartlett, Colonel Graham, and these
other gentlemen at this period of the session ? Shall
we get the bill reported to the Senate to-night, if
we go on in this way? I understand the proposi-
tion to be in relation to the initial point, and the
debate ought to be confined to that.
Mr. CLARKE. I yield to the Senator on any
question of order; but I only want to explain this
matter, and it will not take agreat while to do so.
I want merely to show that the sensitiveness of
Colonel Graham has been altogether uncalled for,
and that 1 intended to cast no imputation upon
him. If I have any imputation to make upon any-
body,! know when to make it, and where to make
it.
Mr. HUNTER. I must rise to a question of
order a^ain.
The PR RSIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norms in
the chair.) The Chair thinks that the discussion
has entirely gone beyond the amendment pending.
Senators should confine themselves to the propo-
sition pending, which is to fix the appropriation
with regard to fixing the initial point.
Mr. CLARKE. I will submit to the Chair
whether I am at liberty to read the authorities upon
which I made the statement, which I have already
read in a speech which I delivered some time since
1 upon this question. If I am in order, I will read
j them, if not, I will not.
Mr. HUNTER. It will take too much time.
Mr. CLARKE. It would not take the Senator
himself more than ten minutes, and it will not
take me more than five. I have a communication
in regard to this matter, which I wish to read. It
has been stated that the number of assistants—
young men and mechanics—employed in the
Boundary Commission, was unnecessarily large.
Ilere is the explanation of that complaint:
" This fault, if fault it was, cannot be laid at Mr. Bart-
lett Js door. The number of assistants and young men em-
ployed was in accordance with the recommendation" 
Mr. HUNTER. I must insist upon my point
of order. I hope the Chair will decide it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair has
already decided that Senators should confine them-
selves to the amendment, which is, that this ap-
propriation shall be restricted to a certain initial
point.
Mr. CLARKE. I submit to the Chair, that,
the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason]
has introduced—and not without my consent—a
circumstance in relation to a speech which I made
sometime since, in which he says I made an im-
putation upon Colonel Graham. Now, I want to
show—and it is perhaps a question of privilege—
that I have made no such imputation against Col-
onel Graham.
Mr. MASON. I do not ascribe to the gentle-
man any design to cast any imputation in any,
even in the slightest degree. But from the force
of the language used this was ascribed, that the
Commission had been organized under the advice
of Colonel Graham; and again, that it was the
worst organized Commission that ever left the
country. I do not desire to continue the debate
at all, but I am sure when the honorable Senator
comes to read the communication of Colonel Gra-
ham, he will be satisfied with it.
Mr. CLARKE. I have no doubt of it. I am
perfectly satisfied; because there is no issue to
begin with. And, Mr. President, if you will only
"allow me to say one thing more, I will be satis-
fied.
The description which 1 gave of the Commis-
sion did not allude to Colonel Graham in any
manner; but if it reflects upon anybody, itisupon
the Administration of the Government that framed
this Commission. Colonel Graham's name is not
mentioned in it; and when I spoke of its being
arranged according to a list furnished by Colonel
Graham, I only spoke of that to account for the
number of civil employees that Mr. Bartlett had
taken with him. The honorable Senator from
Virginia took an extract from the first part of my
speech, without the explanation added to it; arid
then took along with it another extract, in another
part, and he applied them together. I have merely
to say, that they were not intended to apply to-
gether. I have not a word of complaint to make
against Colonel Graham, so far as regards the
formation of the Commission. I think it would
have been formed well enough, if the men who
had been sent out had been proper. But there
had been an accusation against Mr. Bartiett that
the Commission was unnecessarily large, and I
deemed it necessary to make an explanation, in
order to show that he alone was not accountable
for it. Allow me to say to my friend from Vir-
ginia, that whenever the connection of Colonel
Graham with the Commission is properly brought
into debate here, I shall be prepared with other
evidence which I have, in regard to any assertion
that I may make.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I am very re-
luctant to trouble the Senate with any remarks
upon the subject at this time; and I should not do
so, but for an observation or two, which fell from
the honorable Senator from Virginia. I do not
object to the amendment which he has introduced.
I think it seems to be carefully worded; and I do
not suppose that it will occasion inconvenience,
or that it is objectionable as implying any reproach
upon the Secretary of the Interior. But the Sen-
ator has imputed to the Secretary of the Interior
a very gross error—an error of judgment only—
fori believe that he attributes no wrong motive
to him. He has said, however, that the Secretary
of the Interior has undertaken to request the sur-
veyor of this Commission to sign an agreement as
to the initial point; and that he has thereby com-
mitted a very gross error. My object is to show
th&t this is not a gross error—that there is no
error aUall; or that, if error there be, it is one
into which the Secretary very naturally fell, by
reason of the example which has been given in
precisely similar circumstances by former Admin-
istrations. The question, at all events, is one of
construction, as to which a difference of opinion
may well be tolerated.
The fifth article of the treaty with Mexico pro-
vides that, for the purpose of running and mark-
ing the boundary line, a commissioner and a sur-
veyor shall be appointed; and it directs that cer-
tain agreements, the result of that commission,
when signed by them, shall have the force of the
treaty. The honorable Senator from Virginia has
assumed that that clause of the treaty gives to the
surveyor equal authority, and makes him a func-
tionary of equal power and responsibility, with
the commissioner. This, I think, is an error of
his. The treaty does not define the powers and
duties of the commissioner and surveyor. We
must therefore look elsewhere to ascertain them;
and thus it becomes necessary to inquire whatare
the proper and ordinary functions of such officers
as these? And when we look to that, we see that
the functions of a commissioner are essentially dif-
ferent from those of a surveyor. The commis-
sioner is the directing agent, the superintending1,
controlling authority. The surveyor is a subordi-
nate, inferior, operative agent. Field operations,
and the resulting calculations, are his business.
That was the opinion of the Secretary of the In-
terior, who considered that the Surveyor, in this
