2406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 27,
but that he had sent a direction, or a request, to the
office in which they were kept, that copies of them
should be made out and sent to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. Weil, sir, it is a matter of
very little importance to me whether it be the fault
of the Secretary or of the auditing officer of the
Department. I am complaining of this Adminis-
tration and of the Whig party, and they may
divide the responsibility if they choose, between
them.
When I was Boundary Commissioner, I was
charged with " squandering the public money."
Such an allegation was made by a Senator now
on this floor, [Mr. Smith,] who has notattempted
to prove it, although I have challenged him to do
so. A resolution was offered, calling for my ac-
counts and all of my vouchers, in order that I
might be convicted—as the accounts were then in-
complete—of squandering the public mon ey. How
long do you think it took a Whig Administration
then to answer that resolution ? The record in my
hand shows that the resolution was offered upon
the 19th day of February, 1850, and upon the 27th
day of the same month it was answered, trans-
mitting the accounts, &c. Tt took precisely eight
days to answer a call for all my vouchers and ac-
counts. An answer was then promptly trans-
mitted by the Department, showingadisbursement
of nearly §50,000. But here, now when Island
upon this floor and ask the Administration to give
me an account of the manner in which my illus-
trious successor has expended the public moneys,
five months have elapsed and they dare not give me
the information! This unaccountable delay fully
justifies the inference that the accounts would not
bear public scrutiny. Do you call this honest
and fair' Is this even-handed justice? Do the
interests of the Whig party demand a suppression
of the information called for ?
The Senate will perceive that with this Adminis-
tration, there isavery marked difference betweena
Democratic officer and a Whig officer! When
they supposed that the production of those ac-
counts of mine would enable them to sustain their
charge against me of squandering the public money,
and justify them in publishing me to the world as
a " defaulter," those accounts were promptly sent
here showing, as X have said, an expenditure of
#50,000. But after all their charges of " extrava-
gance" and "defalcation," here and elsewhere,
they were compelled to settle up my accounts and
pay over a balance of some $5,000 which they
owed me!
But here has been an expenditure of $365,000,
and there is not a Senator on this floor who is per-
mitted to know how one dollar of that money has
been expended, and still they ask us now for
$120,000 more to prosecute this work ! I must
be satisfied that the amount heretofore appropri-
ated has been honestly expended before I will con-
sent to give you any more.
This officer was instructed to return his vouchers
quarterly. Is there any difficulty in showing us
these accounts, if all is honest and fair? How
long will it take the accounting officer to make out
the returns, and transmit them to the Senate? If
they cannot transmit all, why not send us his set-
tlements for some of the quarters of the past two
years' If they cannot account for the whole ap-
propriation, why not show us how some portion
of it has been expended? If they cannot do
either, why not honestly avow it ? ff the charges
which your Whig Administration falsely made
against me, are true as to my successor, depend
upon it the day of exposure will come. And yet,
whilst we are kept ill the most profound ignorance,
we are called upon to appropriate $120,000, which,
together with appropriations unaccounted for, will
make nearly a half million of dollars! To this
fact I desire to call the aUension of the Senate and
the country. It may enable the people to see how
iiiblic affairs arc managed by those now in power,
t may seem to enlighten them as to their duty in
the corning contest.
There is another thing connected with this mat-
ter to which I desire to allude. I found very
recently, for the first time, that the Mexican Min-
ister in this city had addressed a letter to the Sec-
retary of State, under date of April 20, 3850, in
which he complained of the delay of the American
Commission in the prosecution of that work. I
will read you a short extract from that letter:
" From 1 lie information and dfif.i which the Government
of the under-signed has collected together, it niusstbe con-
fessed that if the task of defining the boundary Ime has been
suspended and postponed until the month of November of
the present vear, it has resulted entirely trom the fact that
the Commissioners of the United States have frequently
been absent in California, and that latterly the said Com-
missioners, with some exceptions, have not participated in
the operations of settling the boundary. It was these same
Commissioners of the United States who proposed as the
only means by which these important labors could be con-
tinued, that tlie prosecution of the same should be delayed
until next November. General Garcia Conde, chief of the
Mexican Commissioners, in agreeing to this proposition,
only yielded to the force of necessity, and although this
chief found hnnselfencompassed with difficulty to continue
in the discharge of his duty, yet he was determined, as he
intimated it to the United States Commissioners, not to
iiilenupt the operation, the management of which had been
intrusted to him by his Government."
Now, sir, I am not aware that the Secretary of
State ever responded to this allegation. He was
quite willing that I should be censured. Here
was a grave complaint—a complaint preferred by
the representative of a foreign Government, that
the Commissioner (he seems to have forgotten
that there was but one) on the part of the United
States was delaying the prosecution of that im-
portant work. To this letter, 1 say, the Secretary
of State never made any response, although the
Department of the Interior had then in its posses-
sion abundant testimony to show that it was ut-
terly false and unfounded. They seemed to be
quite willing that I should be convicted of delaying
the work.
Mr. CLARKE. Will the honorable Senator tell
me what Commissioner is alluded to m the letter ?
Mr. WELLER. I am the man. I am the
Commissioner alluded to. By the way, however,
there is another letter from the Mexican Minister
which I might read, complaining of a much more
grievous offense on the part of my illustrious suc-
cessor, whom my friend has so often defended.
In that letterthe Mexican Minister has complained
that he (the American Commissioner) has organ-
ized parties for the purpose of exploring the coun-
try, examining its minerals, and hunting up all
the bugs in the country ! I believe he has parties
in the field examining the geology and mineralogy
of that country, and to this I presume the Mex-
ican Minister alludes. The appropriations have
been made for the sole purpose of running and
marking the boundary line between the two Re-
publics, and it would, perhaps, be somewhat diffi-
cult to justify the Commissioner in organizing
these parties. If the accounts had been sent in
under the call of the Senate we might have been
enabled to ascertain how much money has been
expended in this way.
But I was speaking .of the letter complaining of
my delay. The record then in the Department
of the Interior showed that, so far from delaying
the prosecution of the work, the delay had been
the fault of the other side. I reached San Diego,
the point fixed upon by the terms of the treaty,
on the 31st of May,—one day after the time agreed
upon,—and the Mexican Commissioner and his
party did not arrive until the third day of July;
and the Joint Commission was organized on the
6th. 1 was, therefore, compelled to remain five
weeks after the time fixed upon for the meeting,
wholly inactive, because of the failure of the Mexi-
can Commissioner to meet me. As I was fully
aware of the sensitiveness of the Mexican nation,
I would not suffer my party to make any move-
ments whatever in executing the work, until the
representative of that Government arrived. I did
not intend to give them the slightest pretext forcom-
plaint. Of these facts the Department had official
knowledge, at the time the complaints were made.
But there is another point in this letter of the
Mexican Minister, to which I invoke the attention
j of the Senate. He says that it was the fault of
the American Commissioner that the Commission
was adjourned in February to meet at El Paso on
the 1st of November following. This is wholly
unfounded, as I can readily show. In a letter
! addressed by me to the Department, under date of
! February 3, 1850, (which I find in the printed
! document before me,) and which was on file at
the time this complaint was made, I used the fol-
lowing language:
" The Joint Commission to run and mark the houndary
between Hie United States and the territories of Mexico,
I have agreed to adjourn to meeta«atn at I'll Faso in the State
of Chihuahua, on the first Monday in November next. I
I desired ih at the meeting should take place at an earlier day;
but as it is undeistood that during the rainy season in New
t Mexico—-(July, August, and September,)—no suece&sful
] operations could bn carried on in the field, nothing perhaps
i would be lost by the delay."
Now, sir, there was the distinct declaration
made in that letter which was on file in the De-
partment at the time, that I had desired that an
earlier day should be fixed upon for the meeting
of the Joint Commission. Such was the fact. In
fixing upon the time for adjournment, I proposed
July. General Garcia Condc insisted on Novem-
ber, as it was impossible to carry on field opera-
tions during the summer months; and I confess
that I was therefore struck with surprise, that
the Mexican Minister should have addressed a
letter to the Secretary of State, complaining of my
delay! The journal of the Joint Commission
will explain the whole matter. It reads thus—
"It was determined, as nothing lemams to he done on
this side of the line, cxcept that which has nlioady been
piovided for, and as it W impracticable, in the present con-
dition of California, to advance from thh direction beyond
the mouth of the Gila, and towards the frontier of New
Mexico, that the Commission should adjourn to meet at El
Paso, m the State of Chihuahua, on the first Monday of
November next.'5—Extract Jrom Journal, 15th Feb., 1850.
It is true that my drafts had been protested, the
appropriation exhausted, and no means whatever
left to prosecute the work; still I did not choose
to let the Mexican Commissioner know my real
situation. I did not choose that he should know
of the infamous course pursued by the party in
power towards me. I did not choose that he
should know that my drafts, drawn in conformity
with instructions, and within the appropriation,
had been protested, and that my party was suffer-
ing for their pay. Hence it was, as the journal
shows, it was mutually agreed to adjourn, and for
the reasons stated in the extract which I have just
read. I had too much pride as an American to
confess my inability, for want of funds, to go on
with the work.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the chairman of
the Committee on Finance called the Senator from
Rhode Island to order, because he was speaking
of a subject not connected with the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. My proposition is to strike
out the appropriation for the boundary, and that
brings up the whole question.
Mr. PRATT. I think the honorable Senator
is out of order. I think the rules of the Senate
ought to be applied to one side of the Chamber as
well as the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) It is the impression of the Chair
that the debate has taken a very wide range; but
the Senate must judge whether or not the Senator
from California is in order.
Mr. PRATT. 1 think that it is the duty of the
Chair to judge.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the
Chair feels constrained to say that the whole de-
bate has gone beyond the bounds of order.
Mr. WELLER. I am compelled to submit to
the decision of the Chair, of course; but I think
it is very remarkable that I should not be allowed
to proceed. I have shown, however, by the rec-
ord, that the charge of the Mexican Minister
against me is wholly unfounded. There were
many things introduced by the Senator from Ma-
ryland [Mr. Pearce] connected with this Admin-
istration so far as this boundary survey is con-
cerned, to which I desire to refer.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President 
Mr. WELLER. I do not wish to be inter-
rupted.
Mr. PRATT. I choose to interrupt the Sena-
tor. I rise to a point of order. If the decision
of the Chair is to be conformed to, the Senator
from California must conform to it as well as the
rest of us. I do not see why he should say to me
that he did not choose to be interrupted when my
object must be evident to everybody. I listen to
the Senator with as much pleasure as to any one,
but I think that at this time of the night, when it
is near eleven o'clock, it is of no use to be going
into these questions. I listened to the gentleman
attentively for four hours in defending himself,
and I must say that he did defend himself very
successfully against the charges which had been
brought against him. But I do not want a rep-
etition of these matters to-night, at this late hour.
Mr. WELLER. The gentleman has exagger-
ated the length of time which it took me to de-
fend myself. I believe I never spoke four hours
in my life at one time; and I am sure I never oc-
cupied more than two hours in addressing the
Senate. Besides, I am not responding to the
charges to which 1 then replied.
