1542
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
of, and decided cases pending before the board m
the place of which he was substituted by the act;
and whereas doubts have arisen whether, by a
strict construction of such section, the chief clerk
of the Patent Ofiice had authority to act as Com-
missioner, except in cases of an actual vacancy,
and whether the Commissioner of Patents, under
the act of May 27th, 1848, took any jurisdiction
over cases pending before the board abolished by
said act, therefore, m order to remove such doubts,
it is enacted that all such acts of the chief clerk of
the Patent Office, and of the Commissioner of
Patents, shall be held and deemed valid and effect-
ual in law: Provided, however, That this act shall
not be construed to deprive any person of any
other defense under such acts which by low may
be made. It also enacts that hereafter the chief
clerk of the Patent Office shall in all cases during
the necessary absence of the Commissioner of
Patents, perform the duties of the Commissioner.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
WILLIAM S. PAYNE.
Mr. HUNTERS I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back House bill for
the relief of William S. Payne, with the recom-
mendation that it pass, and to ask that it may be
taken up and acted on now. It is a small bill,
involving the sum of $50, which was a fine paid
by mistake.
No objection was made, and the bill was con-
sidered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It enaclsthat the Secretary ol* the Treas-
ury be authorized and directed to pay to William
S. Payne, of the State of Virginia, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated the sum of $50, being the amount of a fine
imposed on him, and by him paid to the collector
at Tappahannock, for neglecting to renew the
license of the vessel William Page, in 1840.
This was a sum paid by mistnke. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury had ordered it to be refunded,
but it had been paid into the Treasury, and there-
fore requires a law to provide for refunding it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be read a third time;
and, being read a third time, was passed.
REPORT ON MARINE CONDENSERS*
Mr. PRATT submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he lequestedto
communicate to the Senate the report on marine condens-
er*, of a board constituted under the act making appiopri-
atious for the naval service Inr the year ending 30th June,
18.)i, approved 28th September, 1850, fogethei with any
conclusions and recommendations of the Navy Department
on the same.
MESSAGES FROM TOE HOUSE.
A message from the [louse of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the following bills :
An act to run and establish the boundary be-
tween the State of Texas and the Territories of
the United States;
An act making an appropriation for the comple-
tion of the public buildings m the Territory of
Minnesota;
An act making further appropriations for the
construction of roads in the Territory of Minne-i
sota;
An act to authorize the legislative authorities of
the several Territories to control the appropriations
to be made by Congress for the support of the
Government of said Territories;
An act to supply a deficiency to the State of In-
diana in a township of land granted to said State
for the use of a State university, by an act of
Congress, approved April 19, i81G; and
An act for the construction of military roads in
Oiegon Territory.
The above-named bills were severally read a
first and second time by their titles and referred—
the four first to the Committee on Territories, the
fifth to the Committee on Public Lands, and the
sixth to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by the hands of Mr. FoiiNEY,its
Clerk, communicating the fact that the House had
passed the following resolution :
Resolved, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That
the President of the Senate, and Speaker of the House of
Representative?, close the present session of Cotigie=s by
an adjournment of their respective Houses on Monday, the
16th day oi August next, at the hour of twelve, in.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 think it would be better to
lay the resolution on the table for the present. It
is impossible for us to say how far the public busi-
ness will have progressed at the period fixed by it.
I should be as well pleased as any other Senator,
if it were possible for us to adjourn at that time,
but there is yet much to do. We have only
passed two appropriation bills as yet, and all the
general appropriation bills—I mean the appropri-
ation bills for the next fiscal year—are yet to come
up. It seems to me, that it would be premature
to pass this resolution to-day; for, although as
anxious as other Senators to get away as soon as
possible, I cannot forgetthat the public duty must '
be discharged. I move, theiefore, that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
SALARIES OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
The PRESIDENT. Senate bill No. 175 has
been returned with amendments from the House
of Representatives, which will be read and taken
up, if such is the pleasure of thejSenate. It is a
bill relating to the salaries of officers of the Ter-
ritories of the United States, and to repeal the
proviso ill the act entitled "An act making ap-
' propriationsfor the civil and diplomatic expenses
' of the Government for the year ending the 30th
' of June, 1852, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3d, 1851.
The amendments proposed are, to strike out all
after the enacting clause, and insert m lieu thereof
the following sections:
Sk<;. ]. That whenever any otficei of either of the Ter-
ritories of the United States «>hall he absent therefrom,
and hom the duties of in-1 office, no salary shall be paid
him duting the yeai in which such absence shall occur, ;
unices good eiui-iy therefor thu.ll be shown to the President •
ot the United States, who shall officially certify Ins opinion |
of such leave to the proper accounting officer ot the Treas- j
ury, to be tiled m ins olhee. j
Si-'C.52 .dnd belt further enacted, That the proviso con- j
tamed in an act entitled k< An act making appiopriations S
for the payment of the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June, 1851, i
relating to the officers of the Territones of the United ]
States," be and the same is hereby so modified, as to au- I
thorize the payment of the salary of any officer therein I
named, notwithstanding such officer may have been absent
from such Territory and his official duties for more than
sixty days : Provided, The President of the United States
shall ceitify officially his opinion that the absence of such
officer has been for good and sufficient cause.
Sec. '3. Jlndbc it further enacted, That nothing in the
said proviso, or in tins act shall be so construed as to pre-
vent the pajment of the salaries of the chief justice, asso-
ciate justices, and the Secretary of State of the Territory of
Utah, who have withdrawn from the said Territory for rea-
sons set forth in then repoittothe Pie&ident of the United
States.
Strike out all alter the words "United States" in the
title, so that it shall read: An act relating to the salaries of
i officers of the Teriitories of the United States."
I Mr. UNDERWOOD. Would it not be better
i to refer that bill with the amendments to the Com-
I mittee on the Judiciary? I move that it be so re-
! ferred in order that the committee may have an
j opportunity of considering and reporting upon
these amendments.
Mr. CLEMENS. I hope that reference will
not be made. These amendments were made in
the House of Representatives by the concurrence,
I believe, of almost every member. They are
satisfactory everywhere. The bill, as itis amended,
seems to me to be right. It requires no further
investigation, and I hope the amendments will be
concurrcd in.
Mr. GEYER. I apprehend there is no mate-
rial alteration in substance of the bill. The alter-
j ations are merely in the phraseology. There are
' some minor details that are somewhat different
j from those in the bill as it went from the Senate;
j but generally, the features of the bill are the same,
i Several Senators. Let the bill pass.
, The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
j Kentucky withdraw his motion to refer?
i Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection to
| the withdrawal of the motion to refer. No gentle-
1 man makes any objection, and if Senators are
satisfied F am. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move now that the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives be con-
curred in.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senator from Missouri
will withdraw that motion, in order that we may
take up the general Calendar. The first business
upon the Calendar is a joint resolution authorizing
the completion of a war steamer for harbor defense.
It has already been under consideration. The
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] has
addressed the Senate upon the subject, and I am
sure that we can get through with the resolution
in a short time, and then I shall be willing to go
into Executive session
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 have no objection to that
course, if there shall be no debate on the resolu-
tion.
Mr. GWIN. I have nothing to say upon it.
It has been debated by the Senator from New
Jersey, and I presume it can be acted upon with-
out debate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I withdraw my mo-
tion.
WAR STEAMER FOR HARBOR DEFENSE.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move to take up the first gen-
eral order, being a joint resolution authorizing the
completion of a war steamer for haibor defense.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the resolution. It requires the Sec-
retary of the Navy to have completed, without
unnecessary delay, the war steamer contracted for
with Mr. Robert L. Stevens, in pursuance of an
act of Congress passed April 14, 1842.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to hear
that act of Congress read.
The Secretary read the act, as follows:
"Beit enacted, £r., That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he is hereby authorized toenter into contract with Rob-
ert L. Steven-*, for the construction of a war steamer,
shot and shell-proof, to be built principally of iron, upon
the plan of the said Stevens : Provided, The whole co-,t, in-
cluding the hull, armament, engine, boilers, and equipment
m all respects complete for service, shall not exceed the
average cost of the steamers Missouri and Mississippi.
"Sec. *2. *dnd he it further enacted, That the sum of
$900,000 be and the same is hereby appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasmy not otherwise appropnated, towards
carrying this law into effect."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would like to ask
whether a eontract has been made under the act ?
I presume the Senator from New Jersey can state
the facts.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, 1 can hardly
expect the Senate to listen to another speech from
me on the subject of a floating steam battery; but
at the request of ffiy friend from Kentucky, I will
state the facts of this case. Under the act of
Congress, which has been read, a contract was
entered into by the Navy Department with Mr.
Stevens, for the construction of a steam vessel,
shot and shell-proof. He proceeded in good faith
to fulfill his part of the contract, and a consider-
able sum of money has been expended under that
contract, part of which Mr. Stevens received from
the Treasury. But in his anxiety to fulfill his
contract, and to hasten its completion, he has
been in advance to the Government from thirty to
forty thousand dollars, which, I believe, has not
yet been reimbursed to him. A former Secretary
of the Navy, (Mr. Preston,) however, became
somewhat dissatisfied with Mr. Stevens, under
the pretense, as I understand it, that Mr. Stevens
would not submit his plans to him, and because
of the delay attending the completionof thevessel.
Now, sir, the delay was caused by views and mo-
tives which he ought to have approved instead of
disapproved. It was occasioned by the great
anxiety of Mr. Stevens to see that all was right
before he proceeded to the accomplishment of his
purpose. During the period of this delay, of
which complaint has been made, Mr. Stevens was
employed in making extensive and expensive
experiments, (for which he paid himself,) to as-
certain whether the principles upon which he in-
tended to proceed were, beyond all kind of doubt,
practical as well as new and irresistible. Sir, I
believe that Mr. Stevens has fulfilled his part of
that contract with great fidelity; and that he has
not been treated with that degree of respect with
which a man of his character and standing, and
services ought to have been treated, and therefore
1 have been prompted to take some interest in this
matter, and to give mypoor aid to do him justice,
and preserve the honor of fair dealing.
Mr. President, I believe that this is the most
important proposition that has been presented to
