1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
is granted. That is the question to which I wish
especially to invite the attention of members; and
it is for this purpose, more than anything else, that
J offer this amendment. I wish to set gentlemen
to thinking upon the subject, that they may carry
out the views and arguments which they them-
selves have already advanced. The result, I hum-
bly conceive, must be, that gentlemen will see this
subject in the same light in which 1 see it.
We are told by one of the members from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Miller,] in his advocacy of the princi-
ple of this bill, that this great road from Baltimore
to St. Louis, and other like roads, are "arteries*9
for the commerce of the country—a very happy
figure to illustrate their vivifying power and health-
giving^energy. But they seem to take it for granted
that all the public need do is to turn their attention
and energy to the construction of remote sections
of these roads, and that the middle sections will be
built as a matter of course. They take that for a
fixed fact. It is not at all certain that any one of
these roads, connecting the East and West, will,
without some such aid, be constructed within any
reasonable time. I am told that there has been al-
ready granted to aid in the construction of that part
of these railroads running through the " eastern
slope'' of the continent, spoken of by thegen tleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rantoul,] in the shape
of remission of duties upon railroad iron imported,
the amount of about $6,000,000. Now, a propo-
sition-is before us, in the shape of this bill, to make
a grant of lands to an amount less than two mil-
lions of money in value, to aid in the construction
of the western ends of these great thoroughfares.
Shall nothing be done fo#themiddle sections? And
let me say, by the way, that I do not wish to be
understood as being exclusively partial to the par-
ticular road I have marked out m this amendment.
I offered it for the purpose of testing the principle I
involved, and if there are gentlemen here in favor
of taking up the other Missouri road at Hannibal,
and carrying it on through a more central region
of the three States of Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio,
to Wheeling or some other point, and who will
offer a similar amendment, I will go with them.
It is the principle I insist upon.
Out of some fourteen hundred millions of acres
of public lands, this bill proposes to grant a million
and a half for the construction of these two rail-
roads in Missouri; and the amendment proposes
to grant, I think, about three millions and a half
additional, to continue one of these roads to the
Atlantic, connecting with one which is already in
part built; and thus give you a thoroughfare from
the remote East to the remote West—through the
entire Union, and through the central part of it,
and along that channel whicn is the shortest,
cheapest, and best in every respect—that which is
marked out by the finger of nature itself. Why
should we speak of a grant of this kind as a grant
to a State—as a grant to Missouri, Indiana, Ohio,
or Virginia? It is a grant to the public. It is an
application of the public funds to the public vise—
for the benefit of the public. It is carrying out,
in my humble view, in a most appropriate man-
ner that trust which was confided to us when
these public lands were placed in our charge. One
and a half million is a very small fraction of four-
teen, hundred millions. 1 ask you to add three
and a half millions more, making in all five mil-
lions, and leaving you thirteen hundred and nine-
ty-five millions, at least seventy-five per cent, of
which will lie unproductive for an indefinite time
t<> come, if one or more of these great works is
not constructed.
I believe, as the advocates of this bill contend,
that if you grant this one million and a half of
acres to aid in the construction of these railroads
in Missouri, the still remaining portion of the
public domain in that State will be worth more
than the whole now is. 1 have no doubt of that.
I believe that would be the effect even if these rail-
roads should stop at the Mississippi river, and if
the Baltimore and Ohio railroad should stop
where it now is. I have no doubt the construction
of these roads through the State of Missouri alone,
would add more to the value of the public domain
than would be taken from that value by the grant
of this one million and a half of acres.
But the question I propound is, whether you
will not by making this additional grant of three
and a half millions of acres, and by the com-
pletion of this road, leave the still remaining
balance of the public domain worth more than it
was before either road was constructed. I cannot
for a moment entertain a doubt on that subject.
Why, what is the root and mainspring of modern
greatness? It is modern invention—modern im-
provement—inventions in the arts and sciences i
and improvements resulting therefrom—and at the
head of those stands the steam engine. The rail-
roads of this country have, more than anythingelse,
contributed to our greatness. Here is a railvpad
which is the great railroad, the central railroad,
the railroad of railroads. The track is marked
out by nature, and was designed for the same end
as the Constitution-under which we live—to make
us a great people. The steam engine stands ready,
we have the funds, and we have but to appropriate
them, build the road, and bid the engine "go."
1 wish gentlemen to sit down, in their quiet mo-
ments, and present to their own minds a picture of
this country, and of its commerce, as it will be
when these " arteries" are run through it. I beg
them to estimate their influence upon real estate—
not alone upon the public domain, the unsold lands
—but also upon the much more valuable land that
has become private property; and surely that is a
thing of some importance. But, j.f you wish to
confine your view to the public domain—taking
that view of it which the most strict construction-
ists take—still the benefit and appreciation must
be immense. This will be the great backbone of
public improvements, the great "artery" of our
internal commerce, and with its branches and ram-
ifications in all directions, will carry from the great
commercial heart of the country the life's blood
to the most remote regions. It will not be con-
fined; in its influence, to the value of the public
lands within the limit of six miles, or fifteen miles,
on each side of the roads through Missouri, but
will operate upon the entire State of Missouri—
upon all the public lands within her borders. Such
will not be the effect if you make it a sectional,
local, disjointed fragment of a road. It will then
be no " artery" at all. How can you draw upon
the fountains of the life's blood, unless you have
an artery that reaches to the heart? This is the
principle—these are the considerations—which I
think involved in the amendment.
I wish now to say a few words upon another
subject, which is not, in fact, connected with this
bill at all, but which has been adverted to by the
fentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rantoul]—
mean the tariff. I cannot for my life see what
connection that has with the subject under consid-
eration—the construction of these railroads. The
gentleman placed his advocacy of this measure
upon the principle that it would be a great public
benefit to construct this road its entire length,
but, like other gentlemen, fell into the mistake of
taking it for granted, tharif these roads in Mis-
souri were constructed the balance of the road
would be constructed by the people themselves.
It is true that the people have taken this matter in
hand; that they have exerted all their energies;
that they have left no stone unturned. They have
resorted to every means, to taxation, to every
description of bonds—county bonds, corporation
bonds, and railroad bonds; but, I tell you, you
must not and cannot safely take it for granted that
the middle portions of this road will be closed up
and completed. We are just in the condition in
which the man was when he called upon Hercules
to help him out of the mud. One lift from Uncle
Sam, even with his left hand,—his little finger,
would take us out of the mire and set us on our
feet. It is not, true that there is any reasonable
hope that, within any time not indefinitely remote,
these roads can be completed by the people unaid-
ed. Now is the very time to extend to them this
aid. I assure you it would be most acceptable.
But I was going on to remark, that it was taking
this view of the question and starting from this
point, that the gentleman from Massachusetts
branched off on to the tariff, and made an on-
slaught upon it, the pertinency of which I could
not see. If his remarks were in order, it will
certainly be in order for me to reply to them.
I wish only to notice one or two propositions,
which seemed to be the sum and substance of all
that the gentleman said in regard to the tariff.
The first proposition of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts was this; that the price of the produce
exported from the United States for the four years
ending m 1842, and also for the four years ending j
in 18o0, exceeded, by $125,000,000, the price of j
the same articles exported during the four years i
j that commenced in 1842. The gentleman seemed
j to wish to deduce from this an argument against
I the tariff .of 1842. That seemed to be the drift
of his argument upon this subject, throughout
But grant the gentleman's facts, and what dp
they prove? If it be true, that articles of domestic a
t produce commanded higher prices during the last"
| four years than they did during the middle term,
that proves nothing. You will remember that
' during the first period, prices were regulated, and
regulated at very high notches, by the inflated *
state of the currency. During the latter period,
terminating in 1850, we had, in 1847-'8, the famine
in Europe, and in 1849 we had the failure of the
wheat crop here, and these facts are sufficient to
account for the fact—if it be a fact—that prices were
comparatively high during this latter period.
The gentleman's estimates of produce exported
during the twelve years named consisted mainly in
the very large amount of cotton exported. He
has not seen proper to place in comparison the
prices, during that period, of the staple articles of
the produce of the North, such as wheat, flour,
and pork. We all know how it is with cotton.
The price of that article depends upon the quan-
tity produced; no anti-protectionist ever denied
that if you were to take away from the cotton
growers their domestic market for cotton, and
leave them the European market alone, that the
effect would be to diminish the price per pound of
cotton. It is not possible'that it should be other-
wise, provided the crop grown were the same.
You cannot eat cotton as you do wheat. It must
all go to market, the entire crop. It must all go
to the manufacturer, either here or elsewhere.
Now, is it probable that one market for a crop,
all of which must go to a market, will afford a
better price for that crop than two markets ? Since
the enactment of the tariff of 1846 the tables show
that the domestic manufacture of raw cotton has
decreased to the extent of about 160,000 bales per
year. Of course, if the amount of cotton grown
during that period was the same as formerly, this
additional amount would be thrown into the Euro-
pean market. The question,then,is,whetherthe
price per pound would be diminished. As an ab-
stract proposition, no one can deny that it would
have the effect to decrease the price per pound.
If it be a fact, that during this latter term of four
years, as the gentleman from Massachusetts saysr
the price of cotton has ranged higher, it must have
depended upon some other cause—it must have
depended upon the amount of the crop grown.
But why did not the gentleman extend his com-
parison a little further ? Why not include 1851 ?
rle saw proper to leave that year out of his calcu-
lation. Why did he not inquire what was the
present price of cotton, and compare that with the
price at former periods? He has not seen proper
to do so. I will call the attention of the gentle-
man to one sentence from the London Economist,
of a late'date—within a few weeks. In speaking
of cotton, it says:
"Although it [cotton] is now above the rates of July last,
it has been lower but once within the last ten years."
The purpose of the view taken by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, evidently was to show that
the effect of the tariff of 1842 was to diminish
the price of domestic produce, and that the effect
of tne tariff of 1846 was to increase that price.
How can the gentleman believe that? Can he
look at these tables, which I must charitably
believe he has never looked at, and come to that
conclusion ? Let me call the attention of the gen-
tleman to some extracts from those tables—I speak
particularly of those contained in the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury during the present ses-
sion of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, I was mistaken as to the charac-
ter of my abstracts. They relate to quantities
and not pieces. No tables are needed to show the
present low prices of breadstnffs as compared with
those of 1846 and 1847. Before calling attention
j to my abstracts, then, T ought to state the gentle-
j man's second proposition, which was, that the
; exports of domestic produce, per year, under the
j tariff of 1846, had exceeded those under that of
i 1842. I might say, again, what of that? What
does that prove? As I have already stated, of
course, if you diminish the amount of the domes-
(tic manufacture of cotton one hundred and sixty
j thousand bales, that quantity goes to a foreign
market, and to that extent swells the amount ex-
I ported. The question, therefore, is, whether you
