1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE."
1543
Congress for many years. This matter of de-
fense was understood by the immortal Jefferson ,
better perhaps than by almost any other man;
and it is high time that the people of the United ,
States were brought to the consideration of the ,
subject of the proper defenses of the country. 1
Everybody who knows anything of our people
must feel perfectly satisfied that they never will i
incur the expense necessary to send fleets abroad !
for the purpose of contending; with the large fleets '
of other nations; and therefore it is very import- '
ant (whilst it is not possible for us to get a Navy ,
equal to the navies of foreign nations) that we
should take care of our defenses at home. This
was the view whi^h Mr. Jefferson took of it; and
that much-derided policy of his—the gun-boat
system—was, and is, in my opinion, the very
system best calculated for the defense of our har-
bors and sea-coast. If he had had such a man
as Mr. Stevens to carry out his policy, our har-
bors would have been before this time impregna-
ble. Mr. Jefferson's principles were no doubt
correct; but he had neither the science nor prac- ,
tical means of carrying them out.
My desire now is to have one such vessel built,
and my judgment is, that when this vessel is con-
structed, llieie will soon be a similar one built for
every one of our important harbors on the coast.
As I said the other day, I do not expect these
vessels to supersede entirely permanent fortifica-
tions; but they will be important auxiliaries—in-
dispensable auxiliaries; because, whilst they have
all the impregnability of stone and mortar fortifi-
cations, they have also the advantages of the loco-
motion of a ship. If we should have one of these
vessels in each of our principal sea-ports, we
might undertake to express our sentiments in re-
gard to, and enforce the laws of nations, and care
but little about what other Powers might think of
it. But the country, at this time, is not in a proper
state of defense; and if an unexpected war should
happen, my opinion is, that in thirty days every
city on our coast would be a heap of smoking
ruins. My conviction is, that one such vessel will
defend the harbor of New York from any force
that can be sent against it which could probably
be able to pass the forts; and if it succeeds, it will
be the cheapest and most efficient plan for the de-
fense of our coast, and then we may indeed defy
the nations of the earth.
Mr. President, I ask the passage of this resolu-
tion now; first, because I consider it indispensable
to the proper defense of the country; secondly,
because an act of Congress has been passed, and
by a unanimous vote of the Senate, for that pur-
pose—including the vote of the lamented Cal-
houn; and thirdly, because the contractor has per-
formed his duty with fidelity and ability, and
because he has not received, in my judgment,from
a former Administration of this Government, fair
play, or even the respectful consideration which
his eminent ability and patriotism deserved.
Mr. HAMLIIN. Mr. President, I regret that
the Senator from New Jersey has called up the
joint resolution at this time. It is a matter to
which my attention was called some days since. '
I had examined the subject somewhat, and I had
lying upon my desk a report made by the Secre-
tary of the Navy in relation to it; but it has been
mislaid. I have it not now before me. But it
occurred to me at the time of investigating it that1
there was one very serious objection to this meas-
ure.
1 will concur with the honorable Senator from
New Jersey in adopting any system of national
defense that shall be effective and economical. If
I am not mistaken in my recollection—and if I am,
I presumethe Senator from Mew Jersey will correct
me—Mr. Stevens originally made the proposition
to the Government to construct this vessel forhar- :
bor defense; but, after having been called upon by
the Department, up to this hour he has never fur-
nished to it, although requested, any plan, or any 1
description of the vessel which he proposed to
construct. It would seem, then, that this is an ,
amount of money which is to be placed at his dis- 1
posal, to be used as heshall see fit, without know-
mg in what way and for what kind of ship it is
to be expended. Now, if I am right in my rec-
ollection of the facts as they are presented by the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, it does seem
to me that before we expend money on any sys-
tem of harbor or national defense, the work^should^
be examined by some competent authority. It
this money is to be expended, it certainly ought
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, and be expended in such way
and in such manner as he shall direct. There are
undoubtedly various modes of defense, and if
each individual who may deem his own plan the
better one shall be allowed an appropriation for
that purpose, without the mode and manner being
prescribed by any authority, we may have as
many modes of defense as there are individuals
who may seek to enter into them.
If I am right in my conjecture, I think most as-
suredly the joint resolution is objectionable. I
think that the Secretary of the Navy, m the same
report to which 1 have referred, if he does not
state directly that it is inexpedient to pursue this
course, certainly does not recommend it. I hope
the Senator from New Jersey will allow this joint
resolution to lie over, at least until to-morrow
morning, that I may examine the report, so that
I may be able to state clearly and distinctly what
are the views presented by the Secietary in rela-
tion to this matter.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, the act
of 1842 declares that "The Secretory of the
' Navy be, and he is hereby authorized to enter
c into contract with Robert L. Stevens for thecon-
' struction of a war steamer, shot and shell-proof,
' to be built principally of iron, upon the plan of the
' said Stevens." Now, I presume that before the
contract could have been entered into, according
to this act of Congress, Mr. Stevens must neces-
sarily have exhibited his plan. The Secretary,
then, has acted, it seems to me, very improperly.
The act of Congress authorized a contract to be
made for the construction of a steamer according
to the plan of Mr. Stevens. It was the duty of
the Secretary to see what that plan was before the
contract was entered into. He had no authority
to make a contract except upon the exhibition of
the plan. That plan constituted a necessary in-
gredient in the execution of the act of Congress,
and must have been embraced by the contract.
This act was passed in 1842. It is the act, the
reading of which I called for; and I then asked of
the gentleman from New Jersey the question
whether the contract had been made? He replied
in the affirmative. Now, here is the act. If the
contract has been made in pursuance of the act, it
seems to me that good faith requires the execu-
tion of the contract, and Mr. Stevens must neces-
sarily have exhibited the plan before the contract
was entered into. l*am, however, always in favor
of investigation. I have no objection to accom-
modate the gentleman from Maine, and I think it
would be very proper to let him look into the sub-
ject, and let us have all the facts. I hope the gen-
tleman from New Jersey will not object to this
course.
Mr. HALE. There is one question, in regard
to which I want to make an inquiry of some of the
gentlemen composing the Naval Committee. If I
recollect aright, m the speech that was made on
this subject" a few days since by the honorable
Senator from New Jersey, he pronounced_our
large vessels-of-war, our ships-of-thc-hne, entirely
useless for purposes of naval warfare. I do not
know that I have stated his words exactly, but
certainly the idea was, that our large ships-of-the-
line and our frigates were useless in naval warfare.
Now, by an amendment which we have already
adopted to the deficiency bill, we have made pro-
vision for five war steamers, or steamers that maybe
converted into vessels-of-war at any moment. This
is practically an addition to our steam marine.
We now propose to erect a gun-bont on a large
scale for the defense of harbors. My inquiry is
this: If, while the Naval Committee are recom-
mending (for it was on their recommendation that
the amendment to the deficiency bill was adopted)
great additions to the steam marine, which is
really useful and beneficial in various aspects of
the case, they propose to withdraw any of those
large hulks, which the honorable Senator from
New Jersey says are entirely useless for naval war-
fare ? In other words, are these to be additions to
the useful part of the Navy? Or are they to be
substitutes, and are the useless vessels to he with-
drawn ? I would like to hear from the Committee
on Naval Affairs upon that subject before I vote
upon this question.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust this resolution will
be postponed until to-morrow, or some other day.
I gave way with the understanding that there
would be no debate upon this subject, or, if there
was,that the resolution might, by consent,go over.
Mr. STOCKTON. I wish to say but a few
words, and then I will give way. I shall not will-
ingly yield to the request of my friend from Maine,
[Mr. Hamlin,] because this bill has been for some
time before the Senate. A report from the Naval
Committee, in this case, and a memorial has been
for some time before the Senate, and it is very evi-
dent that the gentleman has not yet read them.
I made a speech which I supposed would have
made some impression in regard to this subject—
but it seems it has not. I do not think that Sen-
ators ouirht to postpone the examination of &ny
subject pending in the Senate, until it is brought
up for final action, or to depend for the necessary
information which they may glean from the
speeches which may be made in reference to it.
It seems to me, sir, that it is the proper duty of
Senators to acquaint themselves in regard to mat-
ters before the Senate, by at least reading the re-
ports of the committees. I shall therefore object,
not only in this rase, but in all others, to such a
course. I am aware that it is sometimes the prac-
tice of lawyers to wait till they get into court, to
ascertain the merits of their cause without the
trouble of any previous investigation. That is
not the manner which I desire should prevail in
regard to any question before this body coming
from the Naval Committee. If the gentleman will
look at the report from that committee—of the
truth of which there can be no doubt—he will find
the following:
"Yet, at this very timp, tho Department was in posses-
sion of the plans of Mr. Stevens, furnished when the ori-
ginal contract wa^ first made, and a further statement of his
plan furnished m November, J844."
Now, surely we cannot postpone the resolution
for that. The plans have been presented to the
Department. The plans have been considered.
If the gentleman would look further, he would
find that, year after year, the contracts have been
renewed and reaffirmed, and no question made
with regard to Mr. Stevens's plans not having been
presented to the Department. I hope, therefore,
that my friend will be satisfied. I will not, how-
ever, go further into the subject, as my friend from
Missouri desires an Executive session.
Mr. ATCHISON. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the resolution until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive bus-
iness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 9, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was readandapproved.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business in
order, the consideration of the bill granting lands
to the State of Florida, for the construction of rail-
roads therein.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is a bill lying
on your table to secure preemption to the settlers
on the Illinois central roads. It ought to be passed
or defeated. The Committee on Public Lands
have recommended its passage. Unless it is passed
in a few days, it will do no good. I apprehend
there is no objection to the bill, and it will take
but a moment to pass if. I ask thatit may be read
for information, and then I shall ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that it may be taken
, up and put upon its passage.
i! The SPEAKER. Is the bill in the Commit-
| tee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
l| Mr. RICHARDSON. No, sir, it is upon the
\ \ Speaker's table.
!j Mr. COBB. It is in precisely the same condi-
!j tion as the bill granting the right of way and
,| alternate sections of the public lands to the Selma
i and Gunter's Landing Railroad. If we go to the
jj business on the Speaker's table, we shall reach all
;i these bills: but if we take them up in this way, one
by one, we shall never act upon them all. I
!' intend to vote for the gentleman's bill when it
!; comes up in its order, but I must object to its being
;1 taken up now.
