1544
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,
. Mr. RICHARDSON. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will not object. The bill must be
pass&d now or it will be of no use at all.
Mr. COBB. I am in favor of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON". Then let it pass now.
Mr. COBB. Well, I will withdraw my objec-
tion.
The objection was renewed by several gentle-
men.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. HALL. Is not the Iowa railroad bill first
in order this morning?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
be called up, it is.
Mr. HALL. I ask that that motion may be
taken up.
Mr. JONES. Does that bill come up in the
morning hour?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it may
come up in the morning hour.
Mr. JONES. Has it not passed out of the
morning hour ?
The SPEAKER. It was at the suggestion of
the gentleman from Tennessee that the Chair de-
cided the other day that that bill came up in the
morning hour.
Mr. WtLDRICK,from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported back as correctly enrolled
the following bills and joint resolutions, which
thereupon received the signature of the Speaker:
An act to change the name of the American-
built vessel named the Amelia, and to grant a
register in her name;
An act to authorize the issuing of a register to
the schooner Caroline, of Barnstable;
An act giving the assent of Congress to the
State of .Missouri to impo.se a tav or taxes upon
all lands hereafter sold by the United States therein,
on and after the day of such sale; and
A joint resolution authorizing the Secretary
of theTrensury to ratify and confirm an exchange
of lands between the United States and Chailes
Reynolds, of the city of Natchez, and State of
Mississippi.
IOWA RAILROAD BILL.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
reconsidering the vote by which the following bill
was laid upon the table, viz:
Senate bill No. I. An act granting the right of
way and making a grant of lands to the State of
Iowa, in aid of the construction of certain rail-
roads in said State.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to occupy about two
minutes in making an explanation before this vote
is taken.
[Cries of" Leave 1" " Leave !"]
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. lobject. We do
not want any speeches.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I am notgoins; to make a
speech. I nsk but two minutes for explanation.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. CAMPBELL. When the vote was taken
upon this bill which laid it upon the table, I was
compelled to give what, at that time, and at all
times, was a very painful vote to me. This bill
includes three roads in the State of Iowa. Two
of those roads cross the State of Iown in an east
and west direction. Those two roads, as i stated
in a speech which [ made here some days since,
should receive my cordial and enthusiastic support.
But f was opposed to the road called the Keokuok
and Dubuque road, running north and south, he-
cause it, is opposed to the interests of the district
which J represent. If I could have had an oppor-
tunity of voting for the other two mads without,
at the same time, voting for the Keokuck and Du-
buque road, I would most cheeifully have clone
so. I regret the necessity which compels i. e to
vote against measures which I believe, in my con-
science, to be right, because they are inseparably
linked with other measures which I beiieve, in my
conscience, to be wrong, and which no assoc.atio'n
can ever compel me to support. When thi.j bill
was introduced by the chairman of the Committee
on PubliiLands, he moved the previous question
upon its passage. I appealed to htm to withdraw
the previous question for the purpose of enabling
me to offer «r.rt amendment to strike out the Iveo-
kuck and Dubuque road. He refused to do so,
and under those circumstances I was compelled to
vote in favor of the motion to lay the whole bill
upon the table. I shall vote now for the motion
to reconsider, with the understanding that when
the bill is relieved from the pressure of the pre-
vious question, I will have an opportunity'of offer-
ing the amendment which I have indicated.
Mr. HAMILTON. I desire to know what is
the question now before the House?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the Iowa
railroad bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. HALL. Upon that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hamil-
ton's motion, and it was decided in the negative
—yeas 77, nays 81: as follows: #
YEAS—Messrs Aiken, Allison, Ashe, Averett, Dayid
J. Bailey, Barrere, Bennett. Bocock, John H. Boyd,
George H. Brown, Buell, Burrows, Busby, Caldwell,
Cartter, Caskic, Chapman, Churchwell, Cleveland, Col-
cock, Curt!*, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Diinmiek, Dock-
ery, Duncan, Fowler, Giddings, Grey, Hamilton, Ham-
mond, IShamG. IIarr *<, Hibbard, Holladay, Horsford, John
W. Howe, Ives. Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geo.
YV. Jones, J. Glaney Jones, George G. King, Preston
King, Letcher, Mai tin, McNair, Meachain, Millson, More-
head, Murphy, Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew barker,
Pea-dec, l'owell, Price, Kiddle, Itobbms, Ilobie, Ross,
Savasje, Schoonmaker, Smart, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton,
Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Sutherland,
Sweetser, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Venahle. Wal-
bridge, Watkin*, and Wildrick—77.
NAYS—Mcssth. Ahercrombie. Willis Allen, Bragjj, Bren-
ton, Brigg^, Brooks, Albeit G. Brown, 10. Cairin^ton Cab-
ell, l.ewiH D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, J
Clark, Cluieman, Cobb, Conger, Cottinan, Cullom, John
G. fiavii, l)j-riey, Doty, Durkt-e, Evans, Picklin, Florence,
Keniy M Fuller, Gnylord, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman,
Gteen, Hall, Harper, Samp.-on W. Harris, HascaH, Haven,
Hebard, Hendricks Ilenn, Houston. Thomas M. Howe,
Thoma-Y. How, Hunter, Digursoll, Jackson, James John-
son, John Jotin.-on, RobeitW. Johnson, Landry, Lock-
hart, Mace, MeCurkle, Miller, Mojony, Henry D.Moore,
John Moore, Morrison, Naber*, Old-!, Orr, Sauiuel YV,
Pniker, Pemnman, Itmitnul, Richardson, Robinson, Scur
rv, David L Seymour, Bejamin Stanton. Smith, Abraham
P Stevens St Martin, Stuart, Taylor, Toombs Towns-
hend. W.iMi, Ward, Welch, Addison White, Alexander
White, Wilcox, Williams,and Yates—81.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Messrs. EASTMAN and BISSELL, who were
without the bar when their names were called,
asked leave to record their votes in the negative;
but objection was made.
The question recurred upon the motion submit-
ted by M r. Hall, to reconsider the vote by which
the low.i railroad bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. HALL demanded the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. AVERETT. Is a motion that there be a
call of the House in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. AVERETT. Then I make that motion.
The question was taken on Mr. Averett's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative—
ayes 70, noes G7.
So it wus ordered that there be a call of the
House.
The roll was accordingly called, and 181 gentle-
men answered to their names.
Mr. STUART moved that all further proceed-
ings in the cull be dispensed with.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hall's
motion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
82, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Mc-ms. Abcrerombic, Wilhs Allen, Bissell,
Uienton, Ulitres Bro"k*., Albert G. Brown, George H.
Brown, E. Camneton Cabell, Lewis D. Campbell,Thomp-
son Campbell, Charmlcr, Claik, Clmgmnn, Cobb, Conger,
Coitmaiij Geojg ; T Dnvi?, John G. Davis, Dimity, Doty,
Purkee, Edgerton, Evans. FicKlin, Floienec, Fret man,
fienrj M. Fuller, Ga\lord, Gilmore, Goodrich, Gomian,
Green, Hall, Harper, Ha call, Haven, Hendricks Henn,
Thomas M. Howe, Irigt>r oN, Jackson, James Johnson.
John Johnson, Kobert W. Johnson, Kulme, Landtv, Loek-
harr, M'ice. Edward C. Mar*hail. Humphrey Marshall,
McCotkle. Miller, Molonv, Henry D. Moore, John "Moore,
.Morrison, Nahers, Old?, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
Penmman, Phelps Porter, Rantonl, Richardson,Robinson,
Snckett. Scurry, B°nj;nnin Stanton, St. ."Martin, Strother,
Smart, Ta\!' •*, Toomlw. Townshcnd, Wa'bridge, Wal^-h,
Alexander White, William*, and Yates—82.
XAY3—Meisis. Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, William
Appletnri, Aihe, Avere't, David J. Bailey, Barrere, Bea'e,
Heii. JJennett, Horod, .lohri H Bo\<d. Bragg, Bu"!l, Bur- ;;
rows Bushv, Cildvvll, Canter, Caskie. Churchwell, [\
Cievuhind, Colcock, Curtis, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Dun- ||
neck, Oockery, Duncan, Edmundtson, Faulkner, Fowler, j|
Gamble, Giddm*?. Goodenow, Giey, Hamilton, Hammond, ';
Miam G Harri-', Sampj-on W. flam's, Hibbard, Holladay, II
Iloif-ibr,!, IIou?f>n, Howard. John W. Howe, Ives, An- 'j
drew Johnson, Daniel T Jones, Gporge W, Jones, J. i1
Glaney Jones George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz,
Letcher, Martin. McDonald, McLanahan, McNair, Meach-
nm, Million, Morehead, Mnrpbv, Murray, Newton, Out-
law, Andrew Parker, Pea-lee, Powell, Price, Bobbins,
Robie,Ro33, Savage, Schcrmerhorn, Schoonmaker, David
L. Seymour, Smart, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stevens, Alexander H. Stephens Thaddeus Steven^
Sutherland. Sweetser, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston,
Venable, Wallace, Walking, Welch, and Wildrick—93.
So the House refused to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. ROBBINS. I would inquire of the Chair
if the morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. Jt has.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr, ROBBINS. I rise, then, to a question of
privilege. I ask the chairman of the Committee
on Elections if he is ready to proceed with the
Pennsylvania contested election case?
[A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asbury Dickins, esq., its Secretary,
announcing that the Senate had passed sundry
bills.]
Mr. OUR. f desire to ask if it is necessary to
move to postpone the consideration of the X?londa
railroad bill until to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. It is not. That bill will
come up to-morrow as the first business in order.
Mr. ASHE. The House seems very anxious
to dispose of the Pennsylvania contested-election
case, and as the morning hour has expired, I
move to take up the report of the Committee on
Elections on that case.
The question was put; and, on a division,there
were-—ayes 89, noes 76.
Mr. CABELL demanded tellers; but they were
not ordered.
Mr. HAMILTON demanded the yeas and
nays; and they were ordered.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Itis very apparent that
it is the disposition of the House to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and I would surest that it would be better to
postpone tins contested-election ease until after
next week. There is a minority repoit, and if
we were to take up the ease now, it is probable
that we should not cet through with it this week.
11 would be better to take it up ten days hence,
and proceed with the business before the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union now.
Mr. ORR. Is it in order to move to £o into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the (Jnion?
The SPEAKER. The pending motion has
precedence.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ashe's
motion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
93, nays 95, as follows:
YEAS--Messrs. Aiken, Charley Allen, Willi? Allen,
Asho, Avorett, Babcoek, David f. Bailey, Bissoll, Bocock,
Brass, Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown, Buell. Bu-hy, Cas-
kie, Churchwell, Claik, Cleveland, Cobb, Colcoek, Curtis,
Daniel, John G. Davw, Ihuwm, Dean, Dnnnm-k, Doty,
Dtirkee. Ea-tman, Kdgerton, Fmilkner, Ftcklin, Florence,
Freeman, Gamble, Gilmore. Gieen, Hamilton, Hammond,
tfamps-on W. IIarn-, Hendricks-, llenn, Hibbard, Holladay,
Houston, Thoma- Y. How, Jmiep-oli. Ivrs, Jackson. An-
drew John-on. John Johnson. Robert W. Johnson, Daniel
'I'. Jones, J. Glaney June-, Pre>ion Kinsr, Kurtz. Lock-
hart, Mace, Mason, McDonald, MeLanahan, McNair,
Meade, Million, Molonv, MoniMin, Murray, IVaber-, Olds,
Andrew Parker, Pea-lee, Penn, Phelps, Powell, Uantotil,
Kiddle, RoMnm-, Robie, Ro,Savage, Scurry-, David L.
rievmour, Smart, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stevens, St. Martin, Stuart. G. \V. Thomp-
son, Tuwnshend, Venable. Wallace, and Wilcox £.;
NAYri—Mew*. Aheicronibie, Alh-on, Barr<>rt, Bell,
Bennett, nibighaiis Bowne, John li. Bow], Brenton,
BturifS Biooks. Geoi<je il. Broun, Burrows, E Cairingtoii
('ahell. Caldwell, I^ewi^ 1). Campbell, 'Phompsoji (Janip-
l>e|l, Chandler. C!i..i>mari. Clubman, Conp^r, Cnihmj,
Georae 'P. Davi^, Di-ne\, Hockei\, Duncan, Rduinnd-on,
Evan-, FAvm<£, Fowler, Gavhnd, Gend y, Guiding-'. Goode-
now, Goodrich, Gr «v, flail, Harpci, Jsl'a.n G Harri-', Has-
rall, Haven, Elchud, IJorMnrd, John \V. flmve, Thomae
M. Howe, Hunter. James Jobnsmi, Geoi^!> W. Jorie?,
Omrge G. Kmc, Kuhn^, Ijindr1., t^'tcnyr, Edward C.
Marshall, Hu'nplirev Mar-ha'l, M ir■ I, ^TcCorkh', Meacli-
amjMill.-r, Hemv D.,M. ore, Jo'it, Moore, Morehead. New-
ton, Oir, outlaw, S-'inti! 1 W.Parker, Penmman, Porter,
Price, Saekerr, £jcberj ierhorn, ScIh>muhinker, ^curtder,
Smitii, .Strmk , ;3cnjamm Alevmidcr H Stephens,
Thaddeus Steven-, Stone, Hlnjcher. PntherPuid, Sweet-er,
Tajlor, Henjamm 'J'h<Mnp-.oii, Thur-fon, Toombs, Wal-
hridge, Wal-h, Waid. Wa-,M>m it, U'nikm-, Welch, Weiif,
Alexander White, W'Jham=, and v. at<—Go.
So the motion was not nerved tn.
Mr. COBB. Is it in order to move to proceed
to the bu&mess on the Spe.ikei's ra'jje:
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr, COPjB. Then f make that motion.
Mr. ORR. I move that the rides be suspended s
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
