18fl&
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
240fr
now to postpone the further consideration of this
bill until to-morrow, so that we may get up the
postage bill.
Mr. HUNTER. My purpose is to examine
by to-morrow morning, all the amendments and"
to see those to which 1 would object. There are
some Senators who expect to offer amendments
to- particular amendments, and doubtless they
would like to have an opportunity of looking into
them. I do not propose to order the bill to a third
reading to-night, and therefore I accede to the
suggestion of the Senator from Texas.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS.
Mr. RUSK. I move now to take up the bill
of the House of Representatives to amend the act
"to reduce and modify the rates of postage,"
passed March 3,1845. It has been returned from
the House with a verba! amendment for our amend-
ment. I move that the Senate concur ill the
amendment of the House.
The amendment was concurred in.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a joint resolution on
the table which has been ordered to a third reading
and is no w engrossed, relating to the auditing of the
printer's*accounts during the recess, by the Secre-
tary of the Senate, the Clerk of the House, and
the Clerk of the Committee on Printing. It is en-
titled " A joint resolution relating to the printing
of Congress during the recess." I ask that it may
be put upon its passage.
The joint resolution was read a third time and
GRANTS OF LAND.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise to ask a favor of the
Senate. There is a bill on the table, which has
been sent to-day from the House, making a grant i
of land to the States of Arkansas and Missouri, ]
to aid in the construction of a railroad from a |
point on the Mississippi river, opposite the mouth j
of the Ohio, via Little Rock, to the Texas bound-
ary, with branches to Fort Smith and the Missis-
sippi river, which I ask may be taken up.
Mr. FISH. I have an amendment to offer to
that bill whenever it comes up. I will state to the
Senate that the amendment is Bennett's land bill.
Mr. Borland's motion was not agreed to.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jlugusl 28, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. Reports are in order from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PENN here obtained the floor.
Mr. HART. I ask the gentleman from Loui-
siana [Mr. Penn] to yield me the floor for the pur-
pose of making a motion.
Mr. PENN. I will give my friend some five
or ten minutes.
Mr. HART. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House, to permit me to make a motion to al-
low my colleague [Mr. Brooks] to report from
the Committee of Ways and Means, a bill for the
establishment of a branch Mint in the city of New
York.
Mr. CHANDLER. I object.
Mr. HART. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules is not in order during the morning hour, as
the House is acting during that time under a special
order.
Mr. HAMILTON. I call for the regular order
of business.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, which is the reception of reports
from the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. PENN, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill "for the re-
lief of the Memphis and Charleston, or Missis-
sippi, Tennessee, and A'abama, the Alabama and
Tennessee River, the Coosa, New Orleans, and
Jackson, and the New Orleans and Opelousas and
Great Western Railroad Companies."
Mr. COBB. That the House may understand
this bill, I ask that it be read through, and I
ask the attention of the House to it. It does not
propose to grant lands, and the House need not be
afraid of it. It is just such a bill as you passed
for the State of South Carolina a few days ago.
The bill was then read by the Clerk.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
informing the House that the Senate had passed a
resolution " relating to the printing of Congress
during the recess," in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to an amend-
ment of the House to the first amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House No. 144, entitled
" An act to amend the act entitled ' An act to re-
duce and modify the rates of postage in the United
States, and for other purposes,' passed March 3d,
1851."J
Mr. PENN. The bill simply asks for time for
the payment of duties upon railroad iron, by the
payment of six per cent, for the time. The bill
is simple in its provisions, and isacopy of the bill
passed for North Carolina the other day.
Mr. VENABLE. I wish to oiler an amend-
ment, and I hope my friend will not move the pre-
vious question upon the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. I desire to know how this bill
comes from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads ? Is it in order for them to report
such a bill?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not apprised of
the manner in which the bill comes from that com-
mittee.
Mr. PENN, The bill does not propose to ap-
propriate one dollar of money.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read a first
and second time without objection.
Mr. VENABLE. If the gentleman will permit
me, 1 will propose to amend by inserting the
Raleigh and Gaston Railroad in North Carolina,
giving them the same privileges as are conferred
by the bill upon the roads now embraced in it.
Mr. PENN. 1 will yield simply for that pur-
pose, provided you will demand the previous
question.
Mr. VENABLE. I will demand the previous
question.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I beg leave of the gentle-
man to make a further suggestion, which may
come in as an amendment to the amendment, and
we can then vote upon all three propositions. My
amendment is to add the words—"and all other
roads now in progress of construction in the
United States."
Mr. STEVENS. That is the idea.
Mr. VENABLE. I have not yet yielded the
floor.
Mr. JENKINS. Is it in order at this stage
of the proceedings to move to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is if the gentleman can
get the floor for that purpose. The gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Penn] is upon the floor, and
has yielded to the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Venable] for explanation.
Mr. SKELTON. I rise to a question of order,
I wish to know whether it is in order for the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
bills changing our whole revenue system ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louisi-
ana [Mr. Penn] can state how that subject came
into the possession of that committee. The Chair
knows nothing about it. It lias been regularly
reported and read a first and second time without
objection; and in the opinion of the Chair it is
now too late to make the objection.
Mr. SKELTON, Does the Chair decide that
it is too late to raise the question of order ?
The SPEAKER. It is too late, on account of
the fact that the House has received and acted
upon the bill, by ordering it to be read a first and
second time,
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to inquire if it is too
late to take an appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
The SPEAKER. It is never too late to do that.
Mr. SWEETSER, I desire to state, that in
the confusion of the House this morning, this bill
having crept m in the manner in which it did, the
point of order is well taken. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair, and call for tellers.
Mr; COBB. The gentleman says it has crept
in. I would ask how it has crept in ? It was reg-
ularly reported from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. It is an exact copy of the
bill passed yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state- the-
ground upon which the decision has been given.
The Chair, of course, knows nothing of the man-
ner in which the subject got into the hands of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. He
supposes that it was regularly referred to them.
Is that the fact?
Mr. PENN. That is the fact.
The SPEAKER. Then there can be no doubt
of the right of that committee to report. But,
again, the bill was received without objection, and
read a first and second time. The Chair decides
that it is too late to raise the question of order,
and that the proper time to have made the point,
was when the committee made the report. From
that decision the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
SiveetserJ takes ail appeal.
Mr. SWEETSER. I will withdraw the ap-
peal, as the explanation is satisfactory.
Mr. VENABLE.' I now move to amend the
bill by inserting the Raleigh and Gaston Railroad.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman [Mr. Ven-
able] proposes to insert a bill of this House, en-
tire, as an amendment. The Chair decides, that
according to an express rule of this House, such
an amendment cannot he made.
Mr. VENABLE. The amendment I propose
differs from the bill referred to by the Chair in
this, that my proposition includes the payment of
interest. The bill has no such provision.
The SPEAKER. It is in order, then.
Mr. VENABLE. 1 move the previous ques-
tion upon this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Loui-
siana has the floor.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana. Will the gentle-
man yield to me to offer an amendment?
Mr. PENN. I cannot. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table, and upon that I call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. It is moved to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. ASHE. I rise to a question of order. The
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Penn] has the
floor, and how does the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Hamilton] get it to make that motion ?
The SPEAKER. That is true. The gentle-
man from Louisiana is upon the floor, and the
gentleman from Maryland cannot take it from him
to make the motion.
Mr. HAMILTON. I suggest to the Chair,
that the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Venable] moved the previous question with the
consent of the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr.
Penn.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair responded at
once, when the gentleman from North Carolina
made that call, that the gentleman from Louisiana
was upon the floor, and that a call for the pre-
vious question could not be made by him.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Louisiana having demanded
the previous question, he must have yielded the
floor. Can he, after moving the previous ques-
tion, still retain the floor?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman to demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PENN. I now call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw that call, that I may propose an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay the bill and
the amendments upon the table, and upon that I
ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KING, of New York. 1 move that there
be a call of the House, and upon that I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 60, nays 84.
So a call of the House was refused.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
