1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 9,'
created, it contained a white population of 133,112,
while the eastern district, of Virginia contained a
white population of 470,269. By the act of 1824,
the western judicial district was so enlarged, that
it contained a white population of 254,208, leaving
in the eastern districta white population of 349,173.
Eight terms of court were held annually in the
western district, and four terms held annually in
the eastern district. The judge of the western
district then traveled annually about 1,400 miles,
while the annual travel of the judge of the eastern
district was only 640 miles. How stands the
white population in the two districts now ? By
the census of 1850, the western district contains
a white population of 494,763, while the eastern
district contains a white population of 402,771.
Eleven terms of the court are now annually held
in the western district, and only four terms are
annually held m the eastern district. The judge
of the western district now travels annually 2,280
miles on horseback, and the judge of the eastern
district annually travels 640 miles in steamboats.
The former receives an annual salary of §1,600,
the latter an annual salary of $1,800. The North
Carolina judge, who holds six courts a year, le-
ceives a salary of $2,000; the South Carolina
judge, who holds five courts a year, receives a
salary of $2,500. The Alabama judge, who
holds six courts a year, receives a salary of $2,500.
The Arkansas judge, who holds two courts a year,
receives an annual salary of $2,000; and the Flor-
ida judge, who holds three courts a year, receives
a like sum.
Now, sir, I do not mean to intimate that either
of these judges receives a higher salary than his
services are worth; but I refer to them for the
purpose of sho wing the salary which each receives.
The judge in the western district of Virginia per-
forms equally as much, if not more, service than
either of them, and should, therefore, receive as
high a salary as any of them. The salaries paid
in each of these cases is, in my view, only a fair
compensation for the services performed, while the
shlary paid to the judges of the western judicial
district of Virginia is below, far below, the stand-
ard of a just compensation.
Sound policy requires that judicial officers
should receive such salaries as will furnish the
means of a decent and comfortable, but by no
means extravagant support, for themselves and
families. The salary of the judge of this district,
after the payment of traveling expenses, is inade-
quate to this end. Every man who has had ex-
perience is aware of the fact, that $1,200 is a very
small sum upon which to rely for the maintenance
and education of a family. The object of man's
struggles and exertions m this world is not merely
for the bread that sustains him, and the clothes
that cover liiin. l ie looks forward with hope and
anxiety and confidence to the arquisiton of the
means upon which he i« to icly when the winter
of old age shall come, when his energies are par-
alyzed, and when the power of physical and intel-
lectual exertion is gone.
The judicial position, is in this country one of
the most important. Every man is deeply inter-
ested m having these pQsitions filled by men of
high character, undoubted integrity, and the best
professional ability. The righisof personal secu-
rity, the protection of the rights of property, the
life and liberty and reputation of the citizen,"are
all dependent upon the purity and integrity and
ability of our judiciary, and ti becomes us, there-
fore, to see that such compensation is allowed, as
will secure the proper incumbents in these distin-
guished positions of public trust and usefulness.
Such being the character and importance of the
office, it should receive the undivided attention of
the man who is called upon to fill it. The com-
pensation should be sufficient to withdraw his at-
tention from all other pursuits, and concentrate his
mind and his energies upon his appropriate judicial
duties. The salary in this instance is too small to
secure this desirable result, and the consequence
is, that the judge has been compelled to open a law
school, in order to make out a comfortable sup-
port. His law school, which has now been in
operation for three years, has succeedcd well,and
when the proceeds arising from this source are
added to his salary, he realizes an annual income
of about $2,400. With this school, he can o-et
along comfortably, but experience has shown, that
the terms are too ^hort, under the present arrange-
ment, to enable him to dispose of all the business,
and if the terms are lengthened, he must give up
his school. The public interest, therefore, re-
quires that the terms should be extended, so as to
give him an additional month in the spring, and
the like time in the fall. Hence the measure pro-
posed—a measure imperatively demanded by a
due regard for the public interest, as well as the
private interest of the suitors in his court. If
things remain as at present, the judge will, in the
mode indicated, receive a compensation equal in
amount to the sum proposed in the Senate bill. In
the eventof theclumge now recommended, he has,
therefore, no pecuniary interest; and so far as his
personal interest and comfort are concerned, they
would be best advanced by leaving the present
arrangement undisturbed.
The bill now pending is twofold in its character
and objects. First, the extension of the terms of
all the courts, (and by consequence the increase
of the expenses of the judge;) and second, an ad-
dition of $900 to his salary.
Without an extension of the terms of the court,
it is utterly impossible to cut down the docket,
and dispose of the causes as rapidly as they ac-
cumulate. The jurisdiction of the district courts
of this district is peculiar. There is no appellate
circuit court within the district court, and appeals
from the decisions of the court, lie directly to the
Supreme Court of the United States. The want
of an intermediate circuit court, to revise the de-
cisions of the district court, adds very greatly to
the responsibility of the judicial office, in this par-
ticular district. The law expressly invests the
court with full circuit court jurisdiction—civil and
criminal. Thecivil jurisdiction extendstoallsuits
by citizens of other States and aliens, in which the
amount in controversy exceeds $500, to all land
suits brought by such plaintiffs to recover the pos-
session of lands lying within the district, and to
all suits biought by patentees, their assigns or
grantees, for an infringement of their patent-rights.
Many suits of each description are now depend-
ing in most of the courts of the district, especially
those held at Clarksburg and Staunton. In those
two courts alone, there are now depending and
undecided, (as I am informed,) not less than one
hundred land controversies. The land titles in
Western Virginia, (as any one at all familiar with
the subject well knows,) are in a very unsettled
state; the great complexity of our land laws, and
the pertinacity with which such suits are always
contested, is equally well known to all my colleagues
from that portion of the State. These causes pro-
duce a mass of litigation of the most important
and expensive character, which can only be satis-
factorily disposed of by the most patient and as-
siduous labor. It never can be disposed of under
the existing arrangement of the courts. "What,
then, is the consequence? Counsel are deterred
from making preparation for the trial of their
causes, because of the shortness of the terms, and
costs (much heavier than in similar causes in the
State courts) are constantly accumulating-, to the
great grievance and oppression of the parties,
Inrgft numbers of whom are residents of other
States.
A large number of suits are brought in these
courts for an infringement of patents; very re-
cently twenty-odd suits of this kind have "been
brought in one of these courts, and many are now
depending and undecided. These suits, as every
lawyer well knows, involve the important inquiry
as to the originality of the invention, and the con-
sequent validity or invalidity of the patents, and
they are always most zealously contested.
Now, sir, a word or two as to the criminal ju-
risdiction of these courts. This extends to all
offenses, created by acts of Congress, and they
are of various descriptions. A most important
branch of this jurisdiction arises under the laws
passed for the suppression of the offense of coun-
terfeitm<rand passing counterfeit coin. Unhappily,
these offenses are of constant occurrence in the
western portion of this district, and prosecutions
for them have been very numerous within the last
eight or ten years. Within the same period of-
fenses against the Post Office laws and regulations
have been frequent subjects of prosecution and
punishment. The criminal courts of this district
exercise a final jurisdiction. No appeal lies from
their decisions, and the jurisdiction is therefore
absolutely final. In all other districts a circuit court
is also established, which exercises appellate crim-
inal jurisdiction. If the two judges composing
the circuit court differ as to any legal question,
arising in a criminal case, they may refer it to the
Supreme Court for its decision rand this is the only
mode m which such questions can reach the Su-
preme Court. There being but one judge in this
district, whatever difficulties may beset him, he
must decide every question, as it arises, without
the benefit of a conference with a justice of the
Supreme Court; and his judgment, when rendered,
is (as I before said^ absolutely final. How greatly
does this consideration increase the responsibil-
ity attached to the judicial office in this district!
How painfully must that responsibility be felt in
the many important criminal cases constantly aris-
| Making the proper allowance for the time
| necessarily consumed in traveling over this im-
! mense district—a district of tl magnificent dis-
! tancts," as it has been called—the term of the court
at Clarksburg must be limited to six days; at
Wheeling, to four days; at Charleston, to three
days; and at Wytheville, to four days. The term
at Staunton being the last in the series, is therefore
unlimited. The bill now before the House, if it
shall become a law, will double the length of the
terms at Clarksburg, Wheeling, Charleston, and
Wytheville, and this-extension, itis believed, will
be entirely sufficient to enable the judge to reduce
the dockets, and to keep them down.
These facts appeal loudly to us for a remedy,
and that remedy will be found in the simple meas-
ure of extending the time allowed for each of the
courts at the four places mentioned.
One word more as to the compensation of the
judge. The judge is the worst-paid officer con-
nected with the court. The compensation of the
marshal is, perhaps, three or four times as large as
that received.by the judge. The compensation of
the district attorney, within late years, exceeds
the compensation of the judge, by perhaps fifty
per cent., while it cannot be pretended that his
responsibility and labors are at all comparable
with those of the judge. And, besides, the attor-
ney has the privilege of engaging in general prac-
tice, not only in the district, but, also, in the State
courts; whilst the judge is expressly prohibited by
law from practicing in any court. Why, sir,
the receipts of the clerk, arising from fees and
salary, avarage something like $2,000 per annum.
Is it necessary to say more, with the view of
showing the propriety of passing the bill sent to
us by the Senate?
Such are the facts by which this application is
sustained, and the attention of the House is in-
vited to them, in the confident hope and belief,
that if considered as they deserve, this bill cannot
fail of success.
Mr. MOREHEAD then addressed the commit-
tee an hour, principally in reviewing the proceed-
ings of the Whig Congressional caucus, and the
conduct of the Southern Whigs who withdrew
from and protested against the action of that cau-
cus. He maintained that it was the duty of the
seceders to have remained in that caucus, and with
him endeavored to sustain the Northern Whigs
there who were true to the Constitution and the
South. As for himself, he was in favor of the
compromise measures—he was elected as a com-
promise Whig—but was opposed to that caucus
doing anything but that for which they legitimately
met—the fixing of the time and place for the meet-
ing of the convention. [His speech is published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. ORR spoke at length on political subjects,
and in favor of the nominees of the Democratic
National Convention. [His speech is published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. M EACH AM next obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee in regard to the present
tariff and its depressing effects upon the general
interests of the country; without concluding he
yielded the floor to
Mr. SCHOONMAKER, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
hiving resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the state of the
Union eenerallv under consideration, and particu-
larly House biil No. 43, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN, the House then
adjourned.
