2410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
following titles; which severally received the sig-
nature of the Speaker, viz:
An act for the relief of Mrs. Mary A. Davis,
"widow of Daniel W. Davis;
An act foratri-monthly mail from New Orleans
to Vera Cruz, via Tampico and back, in steam
An act for the relief of Margaret Hetzel, widow
and administratrix of A. R. Hetzel, late assistant
quartermaster in the Army of the United States;
and
An act authorizing imported goods, wares, and
merchandise, entered and bonded for warehousing,
in pursuance of law, to be exported, by certain
routes, to ports or places in Mexico.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the motion to lay the bill and amendments
upon the table, and upon that the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order to move to post-
pone action upon the bill until a future day ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The pending mo-
tion is to lay upon the table.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 76, nays 84; as fol-
lows:
YEAS M>s«rs. Allison, Rarrere, Rihighanq, fiowip,
Bowne, George H. Brown, Buell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chapman, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Dimmick, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee, Edgerton,
Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gaylord, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Haven, Hebard,
Hibbard, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, In-
geraoli, Ives, Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, Geoige W. Jones,
J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Preston King, Kurtz,
Letcher, Mann, Martin, Mason, McNair, Henry D. Moore,
Morrison, Murray, Newton, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Pen-
mman, Perkins, Price, Riddle, Robhins, Robie, Schermer-
horn, Scudder, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, Benja-
min Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Thompson, Thurston,
Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Washburn, Wells,
and Wildrick—76.
NA.YS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, William Appleton,
Ashe, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Blssell, Boeock, Bragg,
Breckinridge, Breriton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown,
E. CarnngtonCaheil, Caldwell,Thompson Campbell, Chas-
tam, Churchwell, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Colcock, Daniel,
John G. Davis, Dockery, Eastman, Edmundson, Evans,
Ewing, Freeman, Goodrich, Gorman, Hall, Harper, Isham
G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hendricks, Henn,
Holladay, Houston, Howard, Jackson, Robert W. John-
son, Lockhnrt, Mace, McCorkle, McQueen, Meade, Mill-
son, Molony, John Moore, Morehead, Murphy, Orr, Out-
law, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Porter, Powell, Richardson,
Saekett, Savage, Schoolcraft, Origen S. Seymour, Smith,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton, Abra-
ham P. Stevens, Stone, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Sweet-
ser, Taylor, Venable, Wallace, Ward, Watkins, Wilcox,
Woodward, and Yates—84.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. There is a de-
mand for the previous question upon this bill.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana. I ask my friend
from Louisiana [Mr. Penn-] to withdraw that call
and allow me to offer an amendment, which I
think will be acceptable to the House. I will
renew the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Loui-
siana cannot transfer the floor to the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Parker] if it is objected to.
A Voice. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to. The gen-
tleman from Louisiana may withdraw the call for
the previous question, and make a motion to com-
mit, or whatever he desires.
Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order to commit the
bill?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had the
floor to make the motion it would be.
Mr. PENN. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. PARKER. I offer the amendment which
I send to the table.
The amendment was as follows:
That the provisions and benefits of this act, so far as the
same are applicable, be, and the sdine are hneby, extended
to all the railroad companies in the United States • Provided,
The load of the company be now in the course of construc-
tion or be commenced within one year from this date.
Mr. PARKER. I move to recommit the bill,
and upon that 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I want to make a motion in
reference to the river and harbor bill.
WABASH AND MISSOURI RIVER RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER. There is a pending motion
that the rules be suspended for the purpose of
taking up the following bill:
" An act granting the right of way and making
a grant of land in aid of the construction of a
railroad from the Wabash to the Missouri river."
Mr. SEYMOUR. I ask the permission of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Clark,] who has the
floor, to make a motion in reference to the river
and harbor bill, merely for the purpose of refer-
ring it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move to suspend the rules
to allow me to make that motion.
The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to sus-
pend the rules, as the Chair has already stated,
for the purpose of taking up and acting upon the
bill which has been reported.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot yield the floor to the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. HALL. This bill I understand provides
for only one railroad.
Mr. CLARK. Will it not be in order for me
to make a brief statement of facts?
The SPEAKER. Not without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The question then recurred upon the suspension
of the rules.
Mr. STEVENS. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and there were—yeas 49, nays
112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Bissell, Breckinridge, Bren-
ton, Briggs, A.G. Brown, E. C. Cabell,T.Campbell, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Conger, J. G. Davis, Durkee, Eastman,
Ewing, Ficklin, Freeman, Hall, S.W. Harris, Hendricks,
Henn, Houston, Jackson, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Khuns, Landry, Lockhart, Mace, McQueen, Molony,
John Moore, Morehead, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Penni-
man, Richardson, Smith, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Taylor,
Walsh, Welch. Wilcox, and Yates—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison,William Appleton, Ashe,
Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Barrere, Bennett, Bibighaus,
Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, John H. Boyd, Bragg, George H.
Brown, Buell, Burrows, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chapman, Chastain,
Chuichwell, Cleveland, Colcock, Curtis, George T. Davis,
Dawson, Dean, Dinnnick, Dockery, Duncan, Dunham,
Edgerton, Florence, Fowler, Gaylord, Gentry, Gilmore,
Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond, Har-
per, tsham G. Harris, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Hol-
laday, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Inger-
soil, Ives, Jenkins, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J.
Glancy Jones, GeorgeG. King, Preston King, Kurtz, Letch-
er, Mann, Martin, Mason, McNaii,Meade,Millson. Henry
D. Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Murray, Newton, Outlaw,
Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Perkins, Polk, Powell, Price,
Reed, Riddle, Robhins, Robie, Schermerhorn, Schoon-
maker, Scudder, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour,
Skelton, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Thaddeus Stevens. Sutherland, Sweetser, Thompson,
Thurston, Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge, Wallace, Wash-
burn, Watkilts, Wells, Wildrick, and Woodward—112.
So the rules were not suspended—two thirds not
voting therefor.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that the river and
harbor bill, now upon the Speaker'stable, be taken
up that it may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GORMAN. I object.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I then move that the rules
be suspended for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken and the motion
was agreed to—yeas 312, nays 47; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Ashe, Bar-
rere, Bennett. Bibighaus, Bissell, Bowie, Bowne, Brenton, i
Briggs, Brooks, Geoige H. Brown, Buell, Burtows, E.
Carrington, Cabell, J. Cable, Caldwell, L. D. Campbell, T.
Campbell, Cartter,Chandler, Chapman, Conger, G. T. Da-
vis, Dean, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Ewing, Florence, Fowlei, Hemy M. Ful-
ler, Gaylord, Gentry, Goodenow, Goodueh, Green, Haiper,
Haws, Ha-call, Ilaven, Henn, Horsford, John W. Howe,
Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson. George G. King, Preston
King, Kuhns, Landry, Lockhart, Mann, Martin,McCorkle,
Molony, Henry D Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Murray,
Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Penniman, j
Perkins, Portei, Price, Reed, Richardson, Riddle, Robhins,
Robie, Saekett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft,Schoontnaker,
Scudder, David L. Seymour,Origen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richdrd H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Stuait, Suth-
erland, Taylor, Thompson, Thurston, Townshend, Tuck,
Walbridge, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
Addison White, and Yates—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Bragg, Chastain,
Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dimmick, Dunham, Edniundson, Ficklin, Free-
man, Gilmore, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, lsham
G. Harris, Hendricks, Hibbard, Holladay, Houston, Daniel
T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Letch-
er, McNair, McQ,ueen, Meade, Millson, Morrison, Mur-
phy, Orr, Andrew Parker, Phelps, Powell, Savage, Smith,
Venable, Wallace, Wilcox, Wildrick, and Woodwaid—47.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I trust that the motion
submitted by the gentleman from New York to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union will not prevail. There is,
either under the rules or the practice of the H ouse,
no necessity for the reference. The invariable rule
and practice has been to refer appropriation bills
to the Committee of the Whole; but this is not an
appropriation bill. I could direct the attention of
the Chair to several precedents, but I shall only
allude to one, which will be found on page 448 of
the Journal of the proceedings of the House, of
the second session of the Thirty-first Congress,
1850-'51. It will be found there that when a bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
June 30th, 1852, came back to this House with
sundry amendments, appropriating for other ob-
jects than those of the bill, that it was not referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, nor was it deemed necessary that it should
be. It is true that the then chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means moved to take it up,
with a view to disagree to the amendments of the
Senate. That, however, does not change the rule
or practice upon the subject.
Mr. HALL. I ask that the 133d rule be read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has the rule be-
fore him. It is as follows:
" All proceedings touching appropriations of money, shall
be first discussed in a Committee of the Whole House."
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly, sir; that is
in the House where the bill originated; but if the
Chair and the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Hall] will refer to previous opinions upon the sub-
ject, it will be found that the invariable practice,
at least since I have been a member of the House,
has been, that that rule was not made to apply to
amendments by the other branch of the Congress
than the one in which the bill originated. I do not
believe that gentlemen can point to an exception.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
what question is there before the House >
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Seymour] has the floor upon a motion
to commit this bill. The gentleman from Illinois
rises to a question of order, and is proceeding to
discuss it. It is not regularly in order, because
there is no decision or appeal from the Chair yet
announced.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I am opposed to the
proposition to refer this bill to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. I understood the Chair to decide
that under the 133d rule, the amendments of the
Senate must go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decides.
Mr. JONES. Then, if there is no appeal from
that decision, there is no question before the House
but the motion to commit.
Mr. HAMILTON. I would ask whether the
motion of the gentleman from New York wasnot
to take up this bill that it might be referred? The
suspension of the rules was had upon that under-
standing, and that alone.
The SPEAKER. If required, the Chair will
put the question whether or not the bill shall be
taken up. The Chair supposed that by unani-
mous consent the bill was taken up.
The bill was then taken up.
Mr. SEYMOUR. 1 move its reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. EVANS. I move a suspension of the rule
by which it is required that this bill shall go to a
Committee of the Whole.
