1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
635
Those men were then entitled to their discharge,
and nine men out of ten would have fled.from the
danger, but not so with them. They volunteered
under their immortal leader, came to Bladensburg,
and the British record of that battle says that the
valor and gallantry evinced by these sailors and
the marines was never exceeded upon the field of
battle. I wish I had the book here to show you
what the British historian says of them.
Sir, these men were engaged in the general de-
fence; they were-not acting on the battle field,
in defense of their own firesides; they were not
rushing to the protection of their own homes, for
they scarcely had homes; but they eame here to
defend your capital, and in that point of view,
were engaged in the general defence.
Justice requires the grafting of exceptions on all
general rules and general laws. This case consti-
tutes such an exception, and we have acted on
this principle in the case of the pensions granted
to the seamen who were entitled to pensions
under the law relative to the Mexican war. We
have singled out those men to bestow our benev-
olence upon them; and here is a case of men who
left their native element, came on land, and put
themselves under the control of a military com-
mander—men who, the British historian tells you,
managed their guns with a skill and success un-
exampled in European war.
Sir, I have a word now to say, with the permis-
sion of the House, for the purpose of correcting
history, it is said that the Maryland troops ran
from the field of ^ladensburg. Sir, they ran only
when no other troops could have stood. They
ran only when their ammunition was exhausted.
I call the attention of the House to that same
British record, which says that the fifth regiment
of Maryland militia drove back the first advances
of the British army, and these were raw militia,
who had scarcely got upon the field of fight before
the fight began.
The question was then taken on Mr. Evans's
amendment, and on a division there were—ayes 46,
noes 17—no quorum voting.
Tellers were accordingly ordered, and Messrs.
Hamilton and Chandler appointed. And the
question being again put, there were—ayes 78,
noes 44.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk then reported the fourth section, as
follows:
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further resolved, That nothing in
the first section of the act ot the twenty-eighth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty, granting bounty land to cer-
tain officers and soldiers who have been engagedin the mili-
tary service of the United States, shall be so construed as
to exclude any commissioned or non-commissioned officer,
musician, or private, whether of regulars, volunteers, ran-
gers, or mihtid, who was mustered into the service of the
Uhited States for the suppression or prevention of Indian
hostilities, and served the length oftiirte required by said
act, or whose services weie subsequently recognized by the
United States.
Mr. "DUNHAM. The committee, in adopting
the fifth section of the Senate bill, have already
adopted the substance of this section, and there is
therefore no necessity for keeping it in.
I move to strike out the fourth section, and in-
sert in lieu thereof the fourth section of the bill
reported from the select committee, with a provi-
so thereto which I have added, and which I send
to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read the matter proposed to be in-
serted, as follows;
Sec. 4. be it further enacted, That in computing
the term of service of the officers and soldiers of militia,
volunteers, and rangers, for the purposes of this act, or of
the act of which this act is explanatory, such term shall be
computed from the time they were mustered into the ser-
vice ot and paid by the United States to the time they were
dischaiged therefrom : Provided, That this section shall
not extend to the caseh provided foi in the second section,
and in the provisos to the first section of the act of which
this act is explanatory.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will explain to the com-
mittee the purport of the section which I propose
to insert in lieu of the fourth section. It is simply
to provide that in computing the time of service of
the soldiers, it shall be computed from the time
they were first engaged in service until they were
discharged; in other words, that you shall com-
pute the full term that they were in active scrvice.
The proviso is designed to obviate the difficulty
in reference to that section, suggested by my col-
league [Mr. Fitch] a few days ago. It is simply
to meet the case where soldiers who had been
called out in Indian wars and for the suppression
of Indian hostilities were, after peace was made,
kept upon the frontier one, two, three, or four
months in active service of the most arduous de-
scription.
^ The question now being upon striking out and
inserting, it was put, jtnd there were—ayes 38,
noes 30—no quorum voting.
[Cries of " Tellers!" " Tellers!" and " Call the
roll!"]
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Cartter and
Cleveland were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 47, noes 63—no quorum.
[Loud cries of" Call the roll!"]
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll, and
the absentees having been noted, the committee
rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
the Chairman [Mr. Olds] reported that the Com-
mittee of. the Whole on the state of the Union
having found itself without a quorum, had directed
the roll to be called and the absentees noted, and
had instructed him to report the facts to the House
with the names of the absentees.
A quorum now being present, the committee
again resumed its session.
The tellers again resumed their places, and the
question being taken, they reported—ayes 62,
noes 58.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am satisfied that
we cannot do anything by remaining here, and I
move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I hope the
committee will not rise now. There is but one
more section of the bill, and I hope we shall first
dispose of it.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to strike out the fifth
section of the bill under consideration, and insert
the seventh section of the bill reported by the
select committee. I would suggest that the sub-
stance of that section has already been adopted,
and the section will of course be stricken out. I
move to insert the whole of the seventh section of
the bill of the select committee, with an amend-
ment which I have added.
The fifth section proposed to be stricken out is
as follows, viz:
"Sec. 5. Jind be it further resolved, That in all cases
where the militia oi volunteers, orState tioops weic called
out under the laws or executive authonty of any State, and
who served m defence of the country, and who.^e services
have been recognized and paid by the United States Gov
ernment, shall be considered as having bren in the service
of the United States, and shall be entitled to the benefit of
the act of which these resolutions are explanatory."
That proposed to be inserted by Mr. Dunham
is as follows, viz:
Jind be it further enacted, That the proviso to the sec-
ond section of the act of which tlu& act is explanatory be
and the same is hereby repealed.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move to strike out the fifth
section of the bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I move the
following as an additional section:
Jind be xt further -provided, That every male citizen of
the United States, ot twentv-one years ot age, or upwards,
who has served his country by paung its taxes and attend-
ing t<> tho->e peaceable pursuits of lite winch have placed it
\ in a position M'eond to none m the world, shall be entitled
to enter upon and take any one qua] ter section of the public
lands which may be open to entry at private sale, lor the
purpose of residence and cultivation, and that when such
citizen shall have resided on the same land for three years,
and cultivated the same, oi if dying m the meantime, the
residence and cultivation shall be held and carried on 11} his
widow or ins lieir«. or devi*ef< tor the space (if lull three
years from and after'making entry of such land, then a pat-
ent to issue for the same to the poison making entrj, or
otherwise to his heirs or devisees, as the ca^e may require:
Provided nevertheless, That such person so entering and j
taking the quarter section a-? aforesaid, shall not have, nor
shall his devisees or heirs have, any powei to alienate such
land nor create any title thereto m law oi equity, by def d.
transfer, lease, or any other conveyance except by devise by
will. * i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move that
the committee do now rise, and report the bill.
Mr. EVANS. 1 rise to a point of order. I
want to put this bill right. When this matter was
first introduced into the House, it was introduced
as a joint resolution; and, on motion by the gen-
tleman from Georgia, it was changed into an en-
actment, and the word "resolved" stricken out.
It was then referred to a select committee who
reported back a substitute for it, with the form of
" Be it resolved." I offered an amendment with
the form of "And be it further enacted." Now,
I do not care which is adopted, but for the sake of
uniformity, I want to have the form settled,, and
either mine changed to conform with the bill, or
the bill changed to conform with mine.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I make a question
of order upon that amendment. The question
which the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. JGvans]
raises is one which has never been settled. The
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union has had a joint resolution under considera-
tion, and they report it back to the House, having
first adopted the amendment of the gentleman from
Greorgia, [Mr. Stephens,] to change it from a
joint resolution to an act. Before the House acted
upon that amendment, it was referred to a select
committee, who reported back a substitute for it
as a joint resolution. The House has, therefore,
never decided whether it should be a joint resolu-
tion or an act.
Mr. EVANS. I ask the permission of the com-
mittee to strike out of my amendment the words
" Be it resolved," and to insert " Be it enacted."
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move
that the committee do now rise, and report the
bill.
Mr. SACKETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. MARSHALL. The bill has been read
through, and acted upon by sections; now I ask
if it is not competent for the committee to rise, and
report the bill ? We have gone through the bill,
and if gentlemen are allowed still to offer amend-
ments, the opponents of the bill may prevent the
bill from ever being brought to a vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes it is
not competent to return to any of the sections of
the bill to amend them, but it is competent to
amend by adding additional sections.
Mr. SA CKETT. I desire to offer an additional
section to the bill.
Mr. WALSH. I submit this question of or-
der. Until the question is put upon the motion of
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]
that the committee rise, the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Sackett] cannot get the floor to offer
his amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
so long as gentlemen desire to offer amendments
which are in order, it is not competent, under the
rules, for the committee to rise and report the
bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. Do I understand the Chair
to decide that after the bill has been read through,
so long as gentlemen may choose to offer amend-
ments, it is not competent for the committee to rise
and report the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that,
under the rules, it is not competent for the com mit-
tee to rise and report the bill so long as gentlemen
desire to offer amendments which are in order.
But it is not in order to return to any sections of
the bill to amend them.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
it is in order to offer a proviso to the last section,
or an additional section.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to offer an
additional section to the bill.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would inquire if the Chair
decides that an amendment may be offered when
a motion has been made to rise and report the
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not competent to en-
tertain a motion to rise and report, as long as gen-
tfemen choose to offer amendments which are in
order.
Mr. DUNHAM. In this instance the motion
to rise was made first.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
such a motion does not change the order of busi-
ness at all, and gentlemen have still a right to offer
amendments in order.
Mr. SACKETT then offered the following
amendment as an additional section, which was
read:
And be it further enacted, That the word " children,"
whenever it occuis in tnN act, shall be construed to mean
descendants from the ^olditr.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair hardly sup-
poses that amendment in order. It is merely ex-
: planatorv of the act itself.
Mr. SACKETT. If I could have the attention
