1548
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
with matters belonging to the appropriate business
of the Committee on the Library.
I will mention that when the subject of the pur-
chase of an Indian book, the production of several
years'labor on the part of an eminently scientific
man, Mr. Schoolcraft, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, they were so sensible of
the propriety of having the matter investigated by
the Committee on the Library, that they simply
massed a resolution by which it was referred to
that committee, and they took the initiative, and
have followed up the publication of the book ever
since. The Committee on Indian Affairs, in that
case, which appealed to them even more strongly
than this does, wiped their hands of the whole
matter. We all know the eminent qualifications
of the chairman of the Committee on the Library
[Mr. Pearce] to act upon this question. The
Committee on Indian Affairs make no pretension
to deal with literature or the fine arts, arid, theie-
fore, I hope that the resolution will be referred to
the Committee on the Library; and for the purpose
of attaining that object, I move to strike out the
words 4< Committee on Indian Affairs," and insert
the words " Committee on the Library."
Mr. PEARCE. I wish merely to say that it is
usual on qurstions of this sort, to have the matter
referred to a committee which is presumed to be
favorable to the thing proposed to he done. But
I rather think the Committee on the Librai y would
be somewhat opposed to it. I therefore think the
resolution would be better as it is.
Mr. BORLAND. I think that none of the sug-
gestions which have been made for the leference
of this question, meet the merits of the case. I
think the introduction of this resolution suggests
to the Senate, very forcibly, the fact, time in the
sslablishment and amusement of the committees
for the transaction of business, a very important
interest, or, what seems likely to become an im-
portant intetest, in the estimation uf many
rnen, is omitted. If the Senate is to become, the-
oretically and practically, by its legislation here,
the patron of the professors of the fine artw, 1 tit ink
that, as this resolution would seem to surest, it
is time we should have a committee of the fine
arts. We have a Committee on the Library, to
which all questions involving the purchase of
books are referred. We have a Committee on
Printing, which decides when it is necessary to
have any printing done; and whynothavea Com-
mittee on Painting, or on the fine arts in generalJ
if the Senate should not choose to go io work and
Supply this omi^ion now, and establish this com-
mittee on the fine arts, and on painting especially,
I think that the Committee on Indian Affairs is, of
all others, that one to which the consideration of
the subject should be referred. The honorable
chairman of that committee, [Mr Atchison,] as is
well known,and, as he suited hereon a former oc-
casion, is familiar with Indian character. Tlehvcs
on the frontier, and has lived there for many yems,
where lie has had many opportunities of becom-
ing acquainted with the Indians, and is hettci cal-
culated than any other irentleman anion:; us to
judge of the merits of these paintings, and whether
thev truly represent Indian character or not.
We know very well that, because we have not
had the benefit of the judgment of gentlo-men so
thoroughly acquainted as the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Atchison* 1 with Indian characteris'ics,
we have now in the Rotundo a painting in which
Indians are delineated, and in which theie aie
figures representee; anything in the worl.i but In-
dians. Any one who knows wbatan Indian looks
!ike could not select from that painting a single
figure representing an Indian at all. That could
only have happened because the subject was not
referred to the Committee on Indian Allaire, ^r to
a committee composed of gentlemen :u quninted
with the appearance and characteristics of Indians.
I believe that the Library Committee is at
present composed of gentlemen who have live'; on
the frontier, and who could thus become familiar
with the Indian and with their appearance and
characteristics; i wish, therefore, to have this res-
olmi m •submitted to a practical test. I know that
my cr-!l'-" '/n« , [ATr Sbb \stjax,] though ho wishes
to avoid the pronovf reference, is well acquainted
with the subject. Hi - modesty may have caused
him to v/uh that it sh-v.dd not be referred to the
Committee on Indian -\JTairs, and to yield the de-
cision on thispomi to the distinguished gentlemen
composing the Library Committee; but with the
knowledge which I know my colleague to possess ;
on this subject, from his practical acquaintance
with it; with the eminent qualifications of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Atchison;] with the !
large experience of the Senator from Texas, [Mr. ;
Rusk,] who, as we all know, has had the most ;
extensive observations of Indian character, I feel
that we could obtain from this committee an en- <
lightened and practical judgment, such as we could j
not expect, with equal confidence, from any other '
source, i shall be perfectly satisfied with that ,
judgment, not only in regard to the policy of pur- j
chasing these paintings, but, also, in regard to the ,
special merits of these portraits themselves. \
I hope that the resolution will take the direction j
which the Senator rrom New York, [Mr. Sew- ,
ard,J who introduced it, proposed to give it.
Mr. BUTLER. My objection is not whether
this resolution should be referred to this commit-
tee, or to that committee; but I have observed that i
legislative patronage of the fine arts comes up too
often from individual members of the Senate. I
undeistand that the Committee on the Library is
at liberty to putchase such books, manuscripts,
paintings, and other matters, as they may deem
necessary and suitable for a Congressional Libra-
ry; and when a recommendation for any purchase
comes from that committee, it meets with my
consideration. But I must confess, that when an
obligation is sought to be imposed upon the com-
mittee to pun base ibis book, or iliac painting, and
the proposition, coining too, not fiom a commit-
tee, but from an mdu idual of this body, U has not
the same fmce wall me. I object to matters of
tins sort coming up before the Senate, and would
oppose its iefem>ce to any committee. If, how-
ever, it is to go to any committee at all, I should say
ih.it u ought to go to the Committee on the Li-
ma: y, because u :s a committee composed of gen-
tlemen of taste, not only with regard to literature,
but also with legard to the line aris. I must say,
however, that i totally object to this mode of in-
troducing subjects of tins kind to the Senate.
Mr. HALL). 1 did not hear the resolution read,
bul if i undent aid it, it is one of instructions; and
if that is the cnise, I would propose thar the com-
mittee be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of removing that thing in the east yard, called
M Greenough's \Vashington;"ahd also those other
matters which so disfigure the eastern portico,
where strangers from all parts of the country as-
semble on inauguration day. I hope that before
the next maugmation day shall come, let which
party may succeed, thosedreauful-looking images
which deface what would orhervv Ue be a beautiful
building, and mar tne prosper t, may be removed.
I hope, therefore, that if this resolution h referred
to any committee, the instructions may be so ex-
tended as to muse these things to be removed.
The PRESI DEN !'. The question is on the
reference to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The Senator fiom New Yosk moved to amend
the ievolution so as to change the itfcrence from
rbe Committee on the Libjaty to that committee;
and the Chair, hearing no objection, declared
such to he the will of the Senate. If. however,
there be any objection to rh.u reference, a motion
can be made to reconsider.
Mr. SEWARD. I would barely say that this
matter i t-cotnmentied to me by the considera-
tion that there is some considerable meritacknow-
ietiired in the artist who has produced these
woik*; and there is a large chisy of the commu-
nity who attach considerable importance to the
[►reservation of the memorials of the Indian it!"1?,
who are fan passing nwav from before us. But
that which more particularly commends this mat-
ter to me, is the fact that the nrtisr is m London,
m a situation of great embarrassment that his
numerous ft lends and patrons m this country
have seconded an appeal which he himself has
made to Congiess, to enteitain once more the
'mdstion whether they will not purchase them,
ij as an act of kindness one of our countrymen
abroad, in a veiy destitute condition, j hove
thought it was not unl ecoming to csk that the
pi >per committee, if it could be ascertained which
committee that i**, would allow me to submit the
question whether they would give any response
to the proposition to purchase these n-umiru's.
Mr."SEBASTIAN". I move to amend the res-
olution by striking oiU the words " Committee on
Indian Afmus,'*' and inserting" Committee on the
Library."
The PRESIDENT. That motion will not be
in order, inasmuch as the words " CotftmiUee on
the Library" were stricken out, and the words
" Committee on Indian Affairs" inserted. The
object of the Senator from Arkansas can only ha
attained now bya motion to reconsider the vote by
which the change was made.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I move to recon-
sider that vote.
The motion to reconsider was rejected.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is on
the motion to refer the resolution to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ATCHISON. I trust, then, that the reso-
lution will be rejected. The Committee on Indian
Affairs have now a rather unenviable reputation
for extravagance. There are constant complaints
in relation to propositions for appropriations asked
for by that committee. If this subject is referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs, it will be the
first time in the history of that committee, that
they were ever called upon to exercise their judg-
ment or their taste in relation to paintings, or any
thing having any connection with the fine arts. We
have our hands full of matters of substance 
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator from Missouri
will indulge me with one word, I will say that, as
both committees seem to be unwilling to take
charge of the subject, and inasmuch as compro-
mise is the order of the day, I hope I may be al-
lowed to strike out the reference proposed, and
that the resolution may be referred to a select
committee.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have no objection to that.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I make that motion.
The PRESIDENT. That motion can only be
made by unanimous consent.
Mr. IjORLAND. I object.
The PRESS DENT. It is m the power of the
Senator from New York to move to strike out a
portion of the resolution, and insert new matter.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move to amend it by
striking out the words "to report a hill," and to
alter the lesolution so as to make it read " the
expediency of purchasing."
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will have the
resolution drawn so as to meet the views of the
Senator, and have but one motion.
Tiie i esolution, as proposed to be amended, was
then read as follows:
11 Resolved, That a select committee, to consist of 
member, be requested to inquire into the expediency of
purelia-ii!? George Catlin's collection of (ridian Scenes and
Portraits."
Mr. BORLAND. As the question hasassumed
a somewhat different aspect from that which it
presented a short time since, I must remark that,
m substance, it is an old acquaintance here. I
know that for the last four years, there has scarcely
been a session in which it has not been brought
before us. The Senate has passed its judgment
upon it more than once, and I have always op-
; posed it on its merits. I stated to the Senate, on
; a former occasion, what I now repeat,and what ih
known to me to be certainly coirect, that we have
in the Army of the United States an officer who
has given proof of his eminent qualifications, in
the judgment of those better qualified to decide
that point than myself, which would enable him
to produce a series of paintings of this kind, far
superior to those of Mr. Catlin. I believe he has
given proof of his superior qualification, by works
which have already come fiom his hands; and he
is, as I understand, willing, for no greater com-
pensation than he now receives as an ofricer of the
A rmy,:o produce such a gallery of paintings upon
; the->e very subjects, fur supeiior to those of Mr,
j Catlin. The gentleman to whom I refer, is Captain
j Eastman, of the A.rmy of the United Spates. In
: justice to him, howevc-r, I must say, that I have
; never seen him, though I have seen his works;
■ and we have on the desks of Senators evidence of
' his eminent qualifications, in the illustrations
■ which he furnished for Mr. Schoolcraft's hook.
For a compensation no greater than he now re-
ceives as an ofneer of th£ Armv} I am informed
, that he is ready to furnish to the Government a
: gallery of paintings superior in every respect to
those which we are now asked to purchase at a
much higher price. On no account could I be in~
1 duced to vote for a proposition of this kind; and
unless Senators desire to make further remarks
upon the subject, I will move to lay the subject on
tlie table, as a test question-
