1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 26, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a Communication from the Treasury De-
partment, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate, information concerning the
Louisville and Portland Canal; from which it ap-
pears that six hundred shares of the stock owned
by individuals have been purchased since the list
"was made out which was transmitted on the 16th
instant. It was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
PETITIONS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition ofJames
McGregor, Jr., administrator of Wally and Don-
aldson, praying the establishment of a tribunal to
review the decisions of the late Board of Commis-
sioners for the settlement of claims of American
citizens against Mexico; which was ordered to be
laid on the tabl£ *
Also, several memorials from citizens of Dun-
kirk, on Lake Erie, New York, expressing their
confidence in the plan of a " floating breakwater,"
invented by John H. Sherburne, for the safety of
life and property in severe storms on the lakes;
also, from ship-masters navigating the wesiern
lakes, accompanied by a communication from the
Mayor of BuiFalo to the same effect; which were
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WADE presented a memorial of assistant
marshals of Ohio, for taking the Seventh Census,
praying additional compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BADGER presented four memorials of as-
sistant marshals of North Carolina for taking the
Seventh Census, praying additional compensation;
which were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying the construction of a
ship canal around the Sault Ste. Marie; which
was ordered to be laid on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Vinal Haven, Maine, praying the construction
of a light-house on Harne Neck, at the southern
extremity of Greene's Island; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT presented four memorials of as-
sistant marshals of Indiana for taking the Seventh
Census, praying additional compensation; which
were referred to the Committee of Claims.
Also, the petition of citizens of Philadelphia
county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against an
extension of the patent granted to W. W. Wood-
worth for a planing machine; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents and thePatentOffice.
Also, the proceedings of the Common Council
of the city of Madison, Indiana, requesting Con-
gress to take the necessary steps to improve navi-
gation at the Falls of the Olno; which were referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. PRATT presented a memorial of Malcom
W. Means, an assistant marshal for taking the
Seventh Census in Maryland, praying additional
compensation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
Also, the petition of Charles P. Colston, pray-
ing the location of certain bounty land warrants;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a petition of soldiers and others, of Anne
Arundel county, Maryland, praying a modifica-
tion of the bounty land law; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Catha-
rine Crosby, for herself and the other heirs of:
Thomas D. Anderson, deceased, late consul of the |
United States at Tripoli, praying to be allowed a ]
credit in his accounts for certain contingent ex- j
penses of his consulate, the vouchers for which i
cannot be found; which was referred to the Com- 1
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the memorial of John Powell, assignee of !
Thomas Powell, praying the establishment of a j
tribunal to review the decisions of the late Board
of Commissioners for the settlement of claims of i
American citizens against. Mexico; which was or- '
dered to be laid on the table. ^ !
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial of citizens 1
of Massachusetts, praying a repeal of the duty on 1
raw silk; which was referred to the Committee on .
Finance. i
- Also, the memorial of William Gates, praying
that certain moneys received by him as presents
while civil Governor of Tampico, and which he
was required to pay over to the United States, may
be refunded; which was referred to the Commit*
tec of Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred the petition of
Lieutenant William D. Porter, of the United
States Navy, praying compensation for the enter-
tainment of illustrious personages on board of the
vessel he commanded, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to-be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the memorial
of Richard King, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to a second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
STATE OF THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BORLAND submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Punting l>e instructed
to report to the Senate the piv&ent slate of the public punt-
ing, embiacmg the quantity and quality of the work already-
done, and the prospect ot the remanulei, as to tunc, quan-
tity,  nd quality, and as to the propriety ol' making any
other than the piesent airangement lor us execution.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RHETT. When I was absent from the
city of Washington, the Senator from Alabama,
[Mr. Clemens,] not now in his seat, and the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] the Senator i
from Alabama more particularly, thought proper
to deliver speeches in this Senate, m which they
very strongly reflected upon me personally; and
so personal were the remarks, and of such a kind
as to leave me no alternative but to reply. The
Senator from Alabama is not now in his seat, but
I beg leave to say, that to-morrow, after the usual
business of the morning hour is finished, I shall
throw myself upon the indulgence of the Senate,
in order to make a vindication of my position, and
reply to the personalities to which I have referred.
I shall be happy if the Senator from Michigan
shall be present, and 1 shall take care that the
Senator from Alabama shall be duly notified of
my purpose to take up this matter.
Mr. PRATT. I suggest to the Senator from
South Carolina to fix some other day, as to-mor-
row is private bill day. Friday was set apart
some time ago for the consideration of private
bills, and though several efforts have been made
to set this .rule aside, the Senate has not seen fit
to do so; I hope, therefore, the Senator from South
Carolina will fix on some other day.
Mr. RHETT. Very well, I will say Monday
morning then.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope not. Monday
morning is the time when I hope we shall come to
a vote on the Iowa land bill. I will suggest Sat-
urday morning.
The PRESIDENT. This whole discussion is
out of order.
Mr. RHETT. I did not know that there
would be any objection on the part of Senators;
f I had, I would have endeavored to modify my
design to suit then* wishes. But I see it is impos-
sible to suit the Senate, and therefore I can only
say that 1 shall ask leave of the Senate to-nmnow
after the usual business of the morning is over, to
say what I have to say m vindication of myself.
Mr. BADGER. Let me make a suggestion. I
think that if the Senator from South Carolina
would fall back upon his second proposition of
asking leave to introduce this subject on Monday,
it will not interfere with the progress of the bill'^flj1:
regard to which the Senator from fowa is .so justly :
sensitive, if the Senator from South Carolina, in-
stead of waiting till the morning hour is over,
will take up the subject in the morning hour. I
think that will obviate every objection.
Mr. CASS. The Senator from South Caro- (
lina, to whom I shall listen with a great deal of
attention to-morrow, or whenever he chooses to
make his vindication, has used an expression
which seems as if the Senator from Alabama and
myself had taken advantage of his absence, for
he says "thought proper." The discussion went
on; it was. participated in by various Senators,
and it was impossible that such a discussion should
go on without making some remarks in answer to
i those of the Senator from South Carolina, which,
; as we all know, were of a very strikingcharaeter.
' I think I followed him within a day or two from
j time he left here. I am not sure that T knew
the honorable Senator had left. It was not for me
to postpone the discussion, or to stop any remarks
! I thought proper to make in consequence of his
j absence.
| The PRESIDENT. This whole proceeding is
out of order.
. Mr. RHETT. I will say no more. I only
! mentioned that all this occurred while I was not
in my seat, in order to show the Senate that I had
| not an opportunity at the time of vindicating my-
■ self; and, therefore, I asked the indulgence of the
Senate I have waited several days, in hopes that
the original matter would come up; but 1 see that
; no opportunity is likely to occur, and therefore I
have no alternative but to ask for such an indul-
gence to-morrow.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to have the vote in the case of H. P.
Dorsey and others reconsidered—I mean the vote
concurring in an adverse report which was made
against the claim. I was absent at the time when
this matter was up before, and it was disposed of
before I was aware of it. It involves a question
of great interest m my State, and I wish to have
it put in such a shape that I may have an oppor-
tunity of discussing the subject. I have consulted
with the gentlemen who madethe report, and they
are willing that the vote concurring in the report
should be leconsidered.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill explanatory of an
act entitled "An act in addition to an act therein
mentioned," approved May 9, 1848.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON MEXICAN CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT. Pursuant to a m&tion
adopted yesterday, Senators will have the good-
ness to prepare their votes for the election of five
Senators to constitute the select committee to in-
vestigate the disposition of claims by the late Board
of Commissioners under the treaty with Mexico.
Mr. BADGER Is it not necessary that the
chairman of the committee should be first balloted
foi ?
The PRESIDENT. Notatall. Senators will
simply vote for five Senators to constitute the com-
mittee.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 think it would be entirely
proper to designate who shall be the chairman of
that committee.
The PRESIDENT. Senators may do as they
choose in that respect, but it is not usual. The
rule is explicit upon the point. Senators vote for
the whole number to constitute the committee, and
the Senator having the greatest number of votes
is usually considered as chairman, unless the com-
mittee choose to make some other arrangement.
Senators having deposited their ballots, and the
votes being counted, the following is the result:
Mr. Brodhead . . . .30 Mr. Badger 3
Mr. Soule 30 Mr. Wade 3
Mr. Bayard 29 Mr. Sumner 2
Mr. Pratt 26 Air. Geyer 2
Mr. Clarke 23 Mr. Underwood .. .1
Mr. Downs 8 Mr. Walker 1
Mr. Jones........ 6 Mr. Bright 1
Mr. Hunter 5 Mr. Cass 1
Mr. Foot 4 Mr. Butler    1
Mr. Dawson  4 Mr. Atchison 1
Mr. Stockton 4 Mr. Smith 1
Mr. Chase 3 Mr. Felch .1
Mr. Bradbury .... 3 Mr. Davis 1
Mr. Fish  3 Mr. Jones.ofTenn. 1
Mr. Norris 3 Mr. Shields 1
Mr. Spvuance 3
The PRESFDENT. The committee consists
of Messrs. Brodhead, Soule, Pratt, Bayard,
and Clarke.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Did I understand the Chair
to say that the Senator having the highest number
of votes would be chairman of the committee?
The PRESIDENT. The custom has been that
when two Senators, as in this case, have an equal
and the highest number of votes, the list is taken
