1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10,
by somebody in violation of the rights of the
patentee, should be subjected to a penalty. It is
a new principle, and a dangerous one. A man
may buy an article—take this cloth for instance—
may go into a store, and buy a suit of clothes, or
a coat, or what not, and the first thing he knows
he is subjected to the penalty. 'It will be broad
enough if you subject the trafHcers and those
who have the patented articles for sale, without
subjecting an innocent person to it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would ask how the hon-
orable Senator proposes to protect the patentee
against frauds of this kind: where a manufactory
of articles, in violation of the law or of the spirit
of the law, should be established on the other side
of the line m Canada, and where the manufac-
turer, intending and designing to violate the law,
should then propose to supply every establishment
in the country with lasts? They would then, if
this amendment is not put in the bill, be able to
use them when purchased in violation of the spirit
of the law on the other side of the line under that
contract, as effectually as if there was no protec-
tion whatever. Certainly the Senator from New
Hampshire cannot design anything of this kind.
It will be easy to reach the difficulty to which he
alludes, by a subsequent amendment requiring the
purchasers to pay when they use the articles in
known violation of law.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. The bill provides that the
importing of articles manufactured from American
patented machines in contiguous foreign territory,
shall be deemed to bean infringement of the pat-
ent. It provides that the party so infringing " shall
be liable for ail damages in the same manner, and
to the same extent as 111 other cases." The bill
provides immediately afterwards: "And the ar-
ticles so manufactured and imported shall be for-
feited to the use of the owner of said patent." I
move to strike out this clause, and insert in place
of it the words " of infringement." The effect
of the amendment will be to subject the parties to
the same penalties " as in other cases of infringe-
ment.55
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. In consequence of that
amendment, another amendment becomes neces-
sary in the second section. I therefore move to
strike out in that section, in the clause relating to
the powers of the United States courts under this
bill, the following words: " And after due notice
' to all parties may, upon a final hearing of the I
4 cause, decree said articles to be forfeited to the use 1
* of the complainant."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I want to sug-
gest to the gentleman who has charge of this bill,
whether it. would not be better to limit the penal-
ties of tins act to the case of articles manufactured
from wood.
Mr. BRADBURY. The object of the bill is to
reach cases of that kind. T nm not aware that
there is any necessity to extend it further: and
therefore, no objection to the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts occurs to me at pres-
ent. If he will suggest the proper place for such
an amendment, I shall perhaps be willing to have
it inserted.
Mr. DAYIS. I do riot know where such an
amendment would properly come in, for I have
not the bill before me-, but I suppose there is some
place in the bill, which the Senator can very read-
ily point out, where a provision mny be inserted, i
limiting it to the case of articles manufactured from
wood.
Mr. BRADBURY. I would like to hear the
Senator explain why that amendment is neces-
sary. He will percieve that this bill has relation
only to articles brought in the United States from
contiguous territory, having reference to Canada,
and that it cannot apply to articles impoited from
distant countries, for the language of the bill is
very explicit with regard to that.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not feel inclined to enter into
this discussion at all. I have entertained doubts
as to the policy which this bill proposes, but the '
evil complained of being limited, I believe, to two ,
articles—the manufacture of shoe-iasts, and of'
axe-handles—I thought it would be perhaps wiser '
to limit the measures proposed by this bill, to ar- I
tides manufactured of wood. The Senate will i
very readily see that this may lead to retaliatory j
legislation, and that the better course of policy is !
to have a party take out a patent in a foreign
country rather than protect himself by legislation.
But, seeing an evil existing in this paiticular case,
and knowing that this is the third renewal of the
patent, for which protection is asked, and suppos-
ing that a patent could not be obtained in a foreign
country, I was disposed to let the bill pass, if
limited to the particular class of cases which I
have mentioned, and for which it was, I believe,
intended to provide.
Mr. ATCHISON. I concur in the remarks
made by the Senator from Massachusetts, and for
that purpose, I move that the bill be postponed
until Monday next.
Mr. BRADBURY. I think I can prepare an
amendment, in a moment, which wili*obviate the
objection of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts expresses doubts as to the policy of the
bill at all, but if there is to beno furtherdiscussion,
I withdraw my motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope the Senator from
Maine will consent to let the bill lie over. If the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] is
correct, the bill, as it now stands, subjects to pun-
ishment innocent individuals who may purchase
articles without the knowledge that they nave been
made abroad by a machine patented in this coun-
try. I would not be willing to agree to that prin-
ciple. I think, therefore, it would be better to let
us have an opportunity of examining that ques-
tion.
Mr. HALE. I wish to make a suggestion to
the Senator fiom Maine, who has this bill in
charge. 1 am friendly to the bill, and wish to have
it passed; but I think that if it passes now, in its
piesentform, it will be the most monstrous trap
that was ever set. it involves an entirely new prin-
ciple, and one which we have nevei adopted in re-
gard to any patented machinethroughoutthe whole
United States; and that is this: the bill, as it now
stands, subjects to its penalties a man who uses an
article manufactured in a foreign country from a
machine patented here. You may be liable to the
penalties for wearing a piece of cotton or linen
cloth, if it turns out that it has been spun or woven
by a machine patented in this country. Every
article that enters into domestic consumption may
come under this bill. Every man will be sub-
jected to its penalties who uses an article that has
been manufactured by a machine on the other side
of the hne, provided a patent for the same machine
has been issued on this side. I say this is an en-
tirely new principle, and an alarming and danger-
ous one. It is one which you have never adopted
with regard to articles made from machines in this
country. If a man has a machine for weaving
cloth, and somebody else manufactures the same
kind of cloth, in violation of his rights as a pat-
entee, that subjects him, under this bill, to a pen-*
alty. According to our present laws, it does not
subject mu to the penalties of the law if I buy a
piece of that cloth. But this bill goes further: If
an article is manufactured on the other side of the
hne by a machine, which is a violation of the pat-
ent here, then, according to this bill, the products
manufactured, be they cloths, hats, boots, shoes,
or anything else, are not allowed to be used with-
out subjecting the user or wearer to its penalties.
I hope the bill will be laid over, and that if it is
thus obnoxious the Senate will amend it.
Mr. BUTLER. Injustice to myself, as chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, I hope I
may be allowed to say a word. It was with some
reluctance that I gave my consent to this bill. It
was very carefully worded by Mr. Dayton, one
ofmyformei colleagues upon the committee. We
were very careful in guarding the bill, as we sup-
posed at that time. The new principle that has
been introduced by my colleague on the committee,
the Senator from Maine, is altogether without my
knowledge. I agree, to some extent, with the re-
marks of the Senator from New Hampshire. As
long as this bill is founded upon the principle that
persons are to be reached who openly sell, scienfia—
with knowledge or implied knowledge that they
are using articles manufactured from machines be-
yond the line, in violation of the rights of persons
who have them upon this side, I have no objection
to it. The great "principle, however, should be to
reach none but those who openly and knowingly
sell in violation of the patent in the United States.
I theiefore would say to the Senator from Maine,
that I doubt very much the propriety of the amend-
ment which has been adopted on his motion, and
cannot give my sanction to it without further con-
sideration.
Mr. MILLER. I am very anxious that this
bill shall be disposed of at this time. I would say
to the Senator from Maine who has had charge of
it, that I prefer the bill as introduced by myself,
and reported by the Committee on the Judiciary.
I think we had better return to the word "sale,"
and not insert the word " use," so as to avoid the
difficulty suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire. I think if we leave the bill in its
original form, it will embrace all that is necessary,
and secure all the rights necessary to be secured.
Then I have no objection to the amendment sug-
gested by the Senator from Massachusetts to con-
fine this bill to the manufacture of articles of wood.
That will reach the case, and get rid of all the
difficulties which have been suggested. It is
highly important that our own citizens, who have
these rights secured by acts of Congress, should
be protected, and immediately protected against
this piracy upon their rights. The case it is in-
tended to remedy exists, confined to articles manu-
factured of wood. If the bill is retained in its
original form, it can injure no one except those
who are knowingly and willfully engaged in evad-
ing the laws of the United States. I hope, there-
foie, the Senator from Maine will consent to the
amendment suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire.
Mr. BRADBURY. I feel bound, after the
suggestion of the Senator from New Jersey, who
introduced this bill, to assent to the amendment.
The chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
is correct in his recollection; the amendment which
I offered, was one moved by myself upon explana-
tion by a gentleman conversant with the matter,
who said the law would be comparatively useless
without it, because it could be easily evaded. But,
as the honorable Senator who introduced the bill
thinks the amendment which has been made would
be objectionable, T move to reconsider the vote
striking out the word " sale," and inserting the
word "use.5' After that, I shall be ready to
accede to the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment strik-
ing out the word " sale," and inserting the word
" use,55 and it was rejected.
Mr. BRADRURY\ I now move, in accord-
ance with the suggestion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to insert after the word " articles," the
words "manufactured in whole or in part of
wood.'5
Several Senators. What is the necessity of
the limitation?
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not see any necessity
for it, and if the Senator from Massachusetts will
withdraw his objection to the bill as it now stands,
I shell withdraw the amendment.
Mr. BORLAND. I cannot see the propriety
of making this amendment. I cannot see why we
should give specific protection to one class more
than to another.
Mr. BRADBURY. As Senators do not seem
to be in favor of the amendment, I withdraw it.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to interfere
with the passage of the bill, but it strikes me that
it is a bill of very great importance, and I, for one,
wish to ask the honoiable Senator from Maine
to defer its consideration until to-morrow morning.
If this bill be for specific relief, I ask if the patent
of this person (Mr. Blancliard, if I recollect his
name) has not been renewed at le«st twice, or
thrice; and if it be so, whether it is not in fact pro-
tection enough ? If the bill is to have general
operation, then it must be seen at once that endless
litigation will grow out of its passage; and it will
be seen that the remedy, to be of service, must
extend to the manufacture of articles as well
across the Atlantic as across the Canada line. It
strikes me that the bill is introducing an entirely
new principle—one for which a struggle has been
made for years, but which has hitherto been with-
held. I believe the Committee on Patents have
had this subject under consideration for some
years, and have studiously avoided giving their
assent to the principle involved in this bill. I
may be mistaken in this; but it really appears to
me that this is a subject which merits more grave
consideration. A s such I should like to look into
it a little more. I confess I have not had time to
