1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CABELL. But the proposition is to take
it up.
Mr. HALL. If that be the proposition, then
the gentleman has no right to call for the reading
of the amendments. A majority of the House
must decide whether they shall be read or not.
Mr. HOUSTON". I now move that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic bill, and ask for a committee
of conference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will suggest to
the gentleman from Alabama that he had better
make his motions in their regular order. The bill
has not yet been taken up.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the House
now take up the civil and diplomatic bill, with a
view of non-concurring in the amendments of the
Senate, and appointing a committee of conference.
The question was put, and the House agreed to
take up the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the House
non-concur in all the amendments of the Senate;
and if it be competent, I also include in the motion
that to appoint a committee of conference, and
ask that the two propositions may be decided by
one vote; and I call for the previous question.
Mr. CABELL. Is it not in order to call for a
division of that motion, so that the vote shall be
taken upon the two propositions separately ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama moves that the House non-concur with the
amendments of the Senate to the civil and diplo-
matic bill, and that, a committee of conference be
appointed. The Chair decides that the motion is
susceptible of division, and the vote must be taken
upon each proposition separately, if demanded by
any member.
Mr. CABELL. I demand a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
propositions will have to be voted upon separately.
Mr. STANTON", of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg to present this ques-
tion of order 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky was first recognized by the Chair, and will
submit his question of order.
Mr. STANTON. Theseamendments,ornearly
all of them, contain appropriations. I submit,
therefore, that under the rules of the House they
must first be considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The rulf does require that the amendments shall
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move to suspend that
rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. I submit that the rule has
been suspended.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly not.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of or-
der, which will take precedence to thatof the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, and which will obviate, I
think, all difficulty. I submit that this bill was
taken up bv general consent.
Mr. CABELL. Not at all.
Mr. CLINGMAN. After it was taken up the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] moved
to suspend the rules to introduce the motion to
non-concur with the amendments of the Senate,
and to appoint a committee of conference. The
question was then put, and the rules were sus-
pended, to enable the gentleman from Alabama to
introduce this identical motion. That was my
understanding of the matter. I beg to call the at-
tention of the gentleman from Alabama to this
statement, and ask him if it is not correct?
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the view
taken by the gentleman from North Carolina. The
gentleman from Alabama moved to suspend the
rules with a view of submitting his proposition to
non-concur with the amendments of the Senate,
and appoint a committee of conference. The Chair
thinks the gentleman has not changed his propo-
sition since the rules were suspended. He there-
fore decides that the proposition to non-concur with
the amendments of the Senate is now before the
House.
Mr. STANTON. I think the Chair labors un-
der a misapprehension. My recollection is, that
the rules were suspended to take the bill up, not
to introduce the motion to non-concur with the
amendments and appoint a committee of confer-
ence.
The SPEAKER. That was the recollection of
the Chair for the moment, but he now believes
that is not the history of the question.
Mr. STANTON. My recollection is very clear,
that the rules were suspended for the purpose of
taking up the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Kentucky, that the bill was taken
up by general consent. Fhegentleman from Ala-
bama then moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose of submitting his motion. The rules were
suspended, and the Chair now decides the ques-
tion before the House to be upon the motion to
non-concur with the amendments of the Senate,
and to appoint a committee of conference; which
motion, upon further reflection, he thinks must be
taken as a whole.
Mr. CABELL. I desire to ask the Speaker
one question.
Mr. CARTTER. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. CABELL. I ask the Speaker if I have
not the right to ask upon what amendment the
House are now called upon to act ?
The SPEAKER. Upon all the Senate amend-
ments to the bill.
Mr. CABELL. Well, what are they ? Have
I not the right to have them read, in order that the
House may know what they are acting upon ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon my motion.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Speaker if I was not
recognized before the gentleman from Alabama,
and if so, whether he had the floor to call the pre-
vious question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama called for the previous question some ten
minutes since, upon his motion. Since that time
we have been indulging in questions of order.
Mr. STUART. Then 1 object to any further
discussion.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The gentle-
man from Florida [Mr. Cabell] calls for the read-
ing of the amendments; I ask if it is not in order
for me to move to dispense with the reading?
The SPEAKER. It is competent to suspend
the rules for that purpose.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is it in order to
move to refer this bill ?
The SPEAKER. Not in the opinion of the
Chair. We are now acting under a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. BAYLY. The rules were only suspended
for the purpose of taking up the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
previous question has been called.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to recommit the bill to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The Chair replies to the
gentleman from Virginia that his motion is cer-
tainly out of order.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to in-
quire if it is not in order to have these amendments
read ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. HOUSTON. I beg to tell gentlemen that
it will take till to-morrow night to read the amend-
ments.
Mr. CARTTER. I object to all further de-
bate, and call for the question on the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. What is the main
question?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the rejection of
the amendments of the Senate to the civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill, and the appointment
of a committee of conference.
Mr. CABELL. I ask the Chair again if I
have not the right to have the amendments read?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that, strictly speaking, under the rule, any gentle-
man has the right to demand that the amendments
be read.
Mr. CABELL. I demand it.
The SPEAKER. Then the Clerk will proceed
to read the amendments.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rule which requires that the amendments shall be
read.
The SPEAKER. Under the circumstances,
the Chair will entertain the motion.
Mr. STUART. I wish to suggest to the Chair
that it is not by a rule of the House that this right
exists; it is by parliamentary law.- By parliament-
ary law every member has the right to have the
amendment or the proposition, whatever it is, read
before he is called upon to vote upon it. If it
existed by our rules we should have' a right to
suspend those rules, but it is settled by parlia-
mentary law, over which we have no such con-
trol.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I call for the reading of the
57th rule.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
ei When the reading of a paper is called for and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the law
upon this subject,as he understands it. The gen-
tleman from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] says this is
parliamentary law, and the House have no right
to suspend it. The Chair thinks that the rules of
the House are also parliamentary law, so far as
this House is concerned. Our rules adopt the
parliamentary law; and we may, by a majority,
repeal or suspend that law so far as its application
to the House is concerned. There is and can be
no question about it. We may suspend it the
same as any rule of the House. The Chair thinks
tfrere is no doubt about it.
Mr. CARTTER. I renew the motion of the
gentleman from North Carolina to suspend the
rules for the purpose of submitting a motion to
dispense with the reading of the amendments.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have not withdrawn the
motion.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to ask the Chair if any
member of this House, or all the members of this
House, can be compelled to vote upon a proposi-
tion which has not been stated to the House by
having it read ? I protest against any such action.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has misunderstood the Chair, though it has
been the Chair's misfortune, and not the gentle-
man's fault. He has stated the proposition about
five times, and if, in consequence of the confusion
which prevails in the Hall, it is still not under-
stood, the Chair will take great pleasure in stating
it again.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I call for the
yeas and nays upon the suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House were
suspended for the purpose of enabling the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to submit a
proposition. The gentleman did submit his pro-
position, which is, that the House disagree to the
amendments made by the Senate to the civil and
diplomatic bill, and that a committee of conference
be appointed to meet a similar committee upon
the part of the Senate. That is the proposition
now before the House, and the Chair thinks the
gentleman is mistaken in supposing that the Chair
had not stated it ag-ain and again.
Mr. CARTTETi. I call fhr the question.
[Loud cries of " duestion !" " Question !"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the yeas and nays. I would rather adopt every
amendment than to reject them all and send them
to a committee of conference. That course was
pursued the last session, and some important and
necessary amendments were lost in consequence.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !"]
Mr. EWING. I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know if the Speaker has decided—for
the confusion was such 1 could not understand—
that we could be forced to vote upon a proposi-
tion, about which we know nothing?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated very
distinctly—but the confusion in the Hall has been
so great that he supposes he has been misunder-
stood by many gentlemen—that any member has
the right to demand that the amendments shall be
read. The Chair also declares that it is competent
for the House to suspend that rule and to dispense
with the reading. That is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. ORR. I appeal from that decision.
Mr. EWING. As I understand it, the rule,
in practice at least, is uniform, that if the informal
reading of any proposition before the House be
called for by any member, it maybe refused him
by a majority of the House; but, if I understand
the rules of the House, no member can be com-
pelled to vote upon any proposition which he has
never heard read. Now, I insist upon hearing
