1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
639
The question now being on concurring in the
second amendment of the committee, striking out
the second section of the joint resolution, as fol-
lows, viz:
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That the registers
and leceivers of the United States land offices shall here-
after be severally authorized to charge and receive for their
seivices, in locating bounty land warrants, the same rate of
compensation or percentage to which they are entitled by
law for sales of the public lands for cash, at the rate of
$1 -25 per acre, the said compensation to be hereafter paid
by the assignees or holders of such warrants, in all cases
where the same have been transferred by the soldier, or his
legal or personal representative, under the provisions of the
acta of Congress, and the regulations of the General Land
Office on that subject, and to be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States, upon the adjustment of the accounts of
such officers, where it shall be shown, to the satisfaction of
the General Land Office, that the same was located by the
soldier or warrantee, or, in case of his death, hy his next
of kin, as provided by the acts of Confess aforesaid.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following, viz:
Sec. 1. Be it enacted, $c., That from and after the pas-
sage of this act, the register and receivers of the United
States land offices shall each be entitled to receive fifty
ccnts for Ins services in locating each bounty land warrdji^
by him located, tafte paid by the person or persons locating
the same; but this act shall not be so construed as to allow
any register or leceivor to receive any greater maximum of
salary and fees than by law he is now entitled.
Mr. STUART demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask for a division
upon striking out and inserting.
The SPEAKER. It is reported as one entire
amendment, and cannot be divided, under an ex-
press rule of the House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to
make an inquiry. I wish to know if the House
fails to agree to the amendment, whether it does
not restore the section stricken out as it stood
originally ?
The SPEAKER. Certainly it does.
The question was then taken upon concurring
in the above amendment, and it was agreed to—
yeas 121, nays 48—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, Andrews, John
Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly,
Ban ere, Bartlett, Bell, John H. Boyd, Bragg, Brecken-
ridge, Albert Q. Brown, Burrows, Busby, E. Carrmgton
Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Cartter, Caskie, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Churchwell, Cleveland, Clingman, Cobb,
Cottman, Curtis, Daniel, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Disney, Dockery, Duncan, Dunham, Edgerton,
Edinundson, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Fowler, Free-
man, HemyM. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fullef, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Gentiy, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Ilaven, Hebard, Hendricks,
Hibbard, Ilorsford, John W. Iiowe, Thomas Y. How,
Hunter, lngersoll, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones George W. Jones, J.
Glancv Jones, George G. King, Kurtz, Letcher, Humphrey
Matshall, MeCorkle, McLanahan, McMulIm, Meacham,
Meade, Morehead, Morrison, Murphy, Nabers, Olds, Orr,
Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Polk, Kiddle,
Robbins, Robie, Robinson, Savage, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
znakei, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour,
Skelton, Smith, Richard H. Stanton, Stratton, George W.
Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Townshend. Walbridge,
Wallace, Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Weils, Addison White,
Alexandei White, Wilcox, WiJduck, and Williams—121.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, David J. Bailey, Reale.
Bennett, Bowne, Brenton, Bngss, Brooks, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, ClaTk, Doty, Dui kee, Eastman,
Ficklin, Fitch, Guldmgs, Goodenow, Gorman, Hall, Haws,
Howard, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Lockhart,
McNair, Miller, Molony, Henry 1). Moore, John Moore,
Newton, Samuel W. Parkei. Penniman, Price, Raritoul,
Richardson, Sackett, Schermerhorn, Stanly, Benjamin j
Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stuart, Sutherland, Tayloi,
Washburn, Welch, Woodward, and Yates—48.
The third amendment, proposing the following
as an additional section, was then read, viz:
Skc.2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any officer or
soldiei who would, if living, have been entitled "to the ben-
efit of the act of Congress, passed September 38, 1850, shall
have died leaving no widow surviving him, the child or
children of such othcei or soldier shafl be entitled to the
benefltof said act; and if there are no children living, then
the father and mother of such officer or soldier shall be en-
titled, or in default of father or mother, the right shall de-
scend to the brothers and sisteis of such officer or soldier in
as full a manner as though said soldier or officer had him-
self received the bounty, any act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a simple amendment to that
section, which is absolutely necessary to avoid
gross injustice. The amendment, as it stands,
gives to the brothers and sisters of the soldier, if he
is dead the land to which he may be entitled in
case he leaves no children living, and thus ex-
cludes his grandchildren, if there be any living.
1 wish to remedy this. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object. It can- j|
not be made right any how. [j
Mr. MEADE demanded the yeas and nays on
; the amendments; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the third
amendment, and resulted—yeas 133, nays 41—as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allan, Allison,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly. Barrere, Bartlett, Bell,
Bibighaus, Bowie, John H. Boyd, Breckenridge, Brooks,
Busby, B. Carrmgton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell,
Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Church-
well, Cleveland,Clingman, Cobb, Conger, Cottman, Curtis,
Daniel, J. G- Davis, Dawson, Disncv, Duncan, Edgerton,
Edinundson, Ewing, Fickhn, Fitch, Florence, Fowler, H.
M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry,
Gihnore, Gorman, Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Hammond, Har-
per, Sampson W. Harris, Halt, Haws, Hdsedll, Hebard,
Hendricks, Hibbard, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas
Y: How, Hunter, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
James Johnson, Johy Johnson,Robert W. Johnson, Darnel
T. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kulm-s Kurtz, Landry, Letcher,
Lockhart, Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McLanahan, Me-
Mulhn, McNau, Meacham, Miller, Molony, John Moore,
Morrison, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Patker, Peaslee, Penn, Perkins, Phelps, Polk,
Porter, Piice, Rantoul, Richardson, Robbins, Robie, Robin-
son, Sackett, Savage, Schermeihorn, Schoolcraft, Schoon-
maker, Smart, Smith, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, St. Martin,
Strother, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, George W. Thomp-
son, Thurston, Townshend, Walsh, Ward, Watkins,
Welch, Wells, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox,
Williams, and Yates—133.
NAYS—Messrs. John Appleton, William Appleton,
Ashe, Aveiett, Beale, Biagg, Buriows, Lewis D. Campbell,
Caskie, Clark, Dockery, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Evans,
Giddmgs, Goodenow, II.ill, Haven, Hemi, lngersoll,Geoige
W. Jones, George G. King, McQueen, Meade, Ilenrp D.
Moore, Morehead, Newton, Penniman, Riddle, Scurry,
David L. Seymour, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton, Stratton,
Stuart, Toombs, Walbridge, Wallace, Wildrtck, and Wood-
ward—41.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment, inserting the following
as an additional section, was then read, viz:
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That in the event of
the death of a commissioned or non commissioned officei,
musician, or pi€&ate, who shall have marie application for
bounty laud undci the provisions of said act, during the
pendency of such application, any wariant issued in the
name of any such deceased applicant, such warrant so is-
sued shah not become void, but shall mure to and for the
benefit of those entitled thereto, the same as if such officer
or soldier had been deceased at the passage of said act.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make a verbal correction in that
section.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the previous
question operating?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks the
unanimous consent of the House 
Mr. JONES. I object.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment of the committee, striking
out the third section of the joint original resolution
and insertingthe following, was agreed'to without
a division, viz:
Sec. 4. And be it further cnactcd, That in all cases
wheie the militia or \olunteeis or State troops of any State
nr Territory were called into military tervice, and whose
services have been paid by the United States, the officers
and soldiers of such militia, volunteers, or troops shall be
entitled to all the benefits of the act entitled " An actgrant-
mg bounty land to certain ofiiceis and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the United States,,r
approved September 28, 1850, and shall receive lands for
their services according to the provisions of said act, upon
proof of length of service as therein lequired ; .and that the
last proviso of the ninth section of the act of 11th of Feb-
ruary, 1847, be and the same is hereby repealed : Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall authonze bounty land
to those who have heietofoie received or become entitled to
the same.
The sixth amendment, inserting the following
as an additional section, was then read:
Sec.5. Jlnd be it further enacted. That one hundred and
sixty acres of land be, and the same are heieby granted to
eveiy officer and soldier, whether o! regulars, militia, or
volunteers, who may have been actually" engaged in any
action or encounter with the enemy, in any ot the wais
specified in the act appioved September 2B,'18.50, without
regaid to his length of service; or m case of the death of
any such soldiei or officer, the was rant to be issued maybe
granted to such person or person* a* would be entitled un-
der the act of 1850, above mentioned, or any other act, as if
this enactment had constituted a part thereof: Provided,
That nothing herein contained shall be so con«tiued as to
grant more than one hundred and ssi.Uy acres or land to any
person who may aheady be entitled to it under the act
above mentioned for his services in any one war.
Mr. HENN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 98, nays 74—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Babcock, David J.
Bailey, Thomas H. Bayiy, Barrere, Baitlett, Bennett,
Bowie, John II. Boyd, Bieekenndge, Bienton, Bnggs,
Btooks, Busby, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis 1>. Camp-
bell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Caskie, Churchwell,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson,
Evans, Ewing, Fitch, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble,
Gfentry, Gilmore, Grey, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond, Harper,
Hart, Haws, Hebard, Hendricks, Hibbard, Howard, Thos.
Y. How, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, J. Glaney Jones,
George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Lockhart, Mason,
McLanahan, McMullin, McNair, Meacham, Miller, Molo-
ny, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morrison, Nabers, Olds,
Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Phelps, Polk,
Porter, Powell, Richardson, Robbins, Robinson, Sackett,
Savage, Schermerhorn, Scurry, Smith, Snow, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham Stevens,
Thaddeus Stevens, St. Martin, Stratton, Taylor, Benjamin
Thompson, George W. Thompson, Townshend, Walbridge,
Walsh, Welch, Addison White, and Yates—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Allison, John Appleton,
Ashe, Averett, Beale, Bell, Albert G. Brown, Burrows,
Chandler, Chapman, Chastain, Clark, Cleveland, Cling-
man, Cobb, Conger, Curtis, Daniel, Dockery, Doty, Durkee,
Eastman, Edgerton, Fowler, Fieeman, Thomas J. D. Ful-
ler, Gaylord, Giddings, Goodenow, Grow, Sampson W.
Harris, Hascall, Haven, Henn, Horsford, Houston, John
VV. Howe, Hunter, lngersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins,
Jatnea Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, Meade, Morehead, Murphy,
Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Penniman, Perkins, Riddle, School-
craft, Schooiimalcer, David L. Seymour, Onsen S. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smart, Strother, Stuart, Thurston,Toombs,
Wallace, Wa>d, Watkins, Wells, Wilcox, Wildricfc, and
Williams—74.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The following sections were then read, as the
next amendment m order, viz:
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the warrants of
one hundred and sixty acres, so as above to be issued, shall
be assignable.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the act of Sep-
tember 28, 18")0, is hereby extended to all naval officers,
sailors, flotilla men, and marines serving with land troops
in cases whare they could not be entitled to prize money.
Mi-. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I understand
that the sections read have been just voted upon.
They constituted a part of the sixth amendment
of the committee.
The SPEAKER. Through inatl vertency upon
the part of the Clerk, one section only was read of
the entire amendment embracing three sections.
Mr. MARSHALL. The yeas and nays were
called upon it. Gentlemen who voted are placed
in a false position, as they thought they were
voting upon the whole of the amendment as offered
by the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Evans.]
The SPEAKER. The question was put upon
the single section.
Mr. EVANS. Gentlemen can have the yeas
and nays upon the other sections, and will not be
placed in a false position at all.
The SPEAKER. By the consent of the House
the vote will be taken separately upon the two re-
maining sections of the amendment.
The question was then taken upon the sixth
section, and it was agreed to without a division.
The question being upon agreeing to the seventh
section,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were refused.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to, on a division—ayes 87, noes 37.
The seventh amendment of the committee, strik-
ing out the fourth section of the joint resolution,
and inserting the following, was agreed to, viz:
Sec. 8. And be it fuitker enacted, That in computing
the term of service of the officers and soldiers of militia, vol-
unteers, andrangers, for the purpose of this act, or of the act
of which this act is explanatoiy, such term shall be com-
puted fiom the time they were mustered into the service of
and paid by the United States to the time they were dis-
charged therefiom: Provided, That this section shall not
extend to the cases provided for in the second section, and
in the provisoes to the fiist section of the act of which this
act is explanatory.  
The Housfe then concurred in the eighth amend-
ment of the committee, striking out the fifth sec-
tion of the joint resolution.
The question now being, u Shall the bill be en-
grossed and read a third time?"
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in
the negative—yeas 85, nays 89—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Ashe, Averett. Bart-
lett, Beale, Biagg, Rrie^, Brooks, Buriowv, Lewis D.
Campbell. Cartter, Caskie. Chandler, Chapman, Clark,
Cleveland,Conger, Cuitis, Daniel, Dockery, Doty. Duikee,
Ea-tinan, Evans, Fitch, Fowler. T. J. D. Fuller,Goodenow,
Grow. Hall, Harper, Hart. Haw-. Ha-eall. Haven, Henn,
Hibbard. Horsford. Howard. Jno. W. Howe, Hunter, lnger-
soll, Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
Kuhns. Meade, Henry D. Moore, Morehead, Newton, On>
Outlaw, Peaslee, Penmmaii, Perkins, Phelp«, Price, "Robie,
Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schooleiaft, Sehoonroaker,Scmry,
David L. Seymour, Ungen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smith,
Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Thaddeus
