640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27.
Stevens, Stratton, Smart, Sutherland, Benjamin Thomp-
son George W. Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Tow.ns-
fcend, WalMge, Wallace, Weils, Wildrick, and Wood-
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, W." Allen, Allison, J. Ap-
pleton, D. J. Bailey, T. H. Bayiy, Barrere, Bell, Bennett,
Bowie, J. If. Boyd, Breckenridge, Brenton, A. G. Blown,
Busb*, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Thompson Camp-
bell, Chastain, Churchwell, Chngman. Cobb, John G.
Davis, Dawson, Duncan, Dunham, Edgerton, Edmundson,
Ewing, Ficklin, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,Gam-
ble^ Qaylord, Gilmore, Grey, Hamilton, Hammond, Samp-
son W. Harris, Hebard, Hendricks, Houston, Thomas V.
How, Andiew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. King,
Kurtz, Landry, Lockhart, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
McLanahan, McNair, Meacham, Miller, Molony, John
Moore, Morrison, Murphy, Nabers, Olds, Andrew Paiker,
Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Polk, Powell, Richaidson, Rob-
bins, Robinson, Savage, Stanly, Richard H. Stanton, Stone,
Strother, Taylor, Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins,
Welch, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wil-
liam • , and Yates—89.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered:
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 96, nays 83—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aberciombie, Willis Allen, Allison,
John Appleton, Babeoek, David J. Bailey, Thomas 11.
Bayly, Barreie, Bell, Bennett,Bowie, Breckenndge,Bren-
ton, Albert G. Brown, Bu>by, E. Carrington Cabell, Cald-
well, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chastam, Chuich-
well, Chngman, Cobb, Cottman, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Duncan, Dunham, Edgerton, EdmumLon, Ewing, Fickhn,
Fitch, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gay-
lord, Gentry, Gilmore, Hamilton, Hammond, Sampson W.
Harris, Hebard, Hendricks, Houston, Thomas Y. How,
Andrew Johnson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robeit
W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Kuitz, Lawhy, Lockhait,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, McLanahan, McMnlhn, Mc-
Nair, Meaeham. Miller, Molony, John Mooie, Moirison,
Murphy, Nabeis, Olds, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Pcnn, Polk, Powell, Richardson, Bobbins, Robmson,
Savage, Smart, Snow, Richard H. Stanton, Abr'm P. Ste-
vens, Stone, St. Martin, Stratton,Strother,Tayloi, Walsh,
Ward, Waslibui n, Watkins. Welch, Add-on White, Alex-
ander White, Wileov, Wtllnuns, anil Yarns—W?.
NAYS—Messrs. William Appleton, Ashe, Aveiett, Bait-
lett, Bcale, John fl. Boyd, Biagg, Bnggs, Brooks, Burrows,
Lewid D. Campbell, Curtter, Caskie, Chapman, Clark,
Cleveland, Conger, Cmti-i, Daniel, George T. Davis-, Doek-
ery, Doty, Durkee, Eastman, Evans, Fowlei, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Coodenow, Giow, Hall, Jlarpej, Hart, Ha\v&,
Hascall. Haven, Henn, Hibbard, Horsioul, Howard, John
W. Howe, Hunter, Ingeisoll, Jackson, Jenkins, George W.
Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Letchci,
Meade, Hemy D. Moore, Morehead, Newton, On, Out-
law, Peaslee, Pennnnan, Perkins, Phelps, Robie, Sackett,
Schennerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonniaker, Scuriy, David
L. Seymour, Ongeu S. Seymour, Skelion, Smith, Benja-
min Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stuart, Sutherland, Ben-
jamin Thompson, Geo. W. Thompson, Thurston, Toombs,
Townshend, Walbridge, Wallace, Wells, Wildrick, and
W ood woi d—83.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read the third time, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHERMERHORN. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, upon that
motion, demanded the yeas and nays; but they
were refused.
Mr. JTONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, Messrs. Fuller,
of Muu;e, and Fowler acting1 as tellers, and re-
sulted—ayes 94, noes 53.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House then adjourned till to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, memorial*., &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropnate committees:
By Mr. FLORENCE : The meraonal of Henry R. Wil-
son, W. B. Schnider, A. C. Michener and otheis, citizens
of ihe city and county of Philadelphia, petitioning Congress
to pass a law extending the llWoodwoirh patent" for
planing boards, &.c.
Also, the memorial of W. Watt, Richard Beilshaw, Wil-
liam Steele, William Fulton and others, citizens of the
State oi Pennsylvania, representing that the national intei-
e-ts ot n on, of coal, of glass, and of cotton, are not in a pros-
peious condition, imd submitting to the considoiation of
Congre-s some ot the geneial features of the policy which
Gieat Britain is unwearied m her efforts to pursue for the
protection ufbei manufactures, and inquiring whether the
geneial webare shall be; pioinoted by the adoption of a rev-
enue taufl, based upon full piotection to tlie diversified m-
teie>ts ot our beloved country.
By Mr. SMART: The petition of Captain John Gluer
and others, citizens of Camden, Maine, asking that spin-
dles and buoys may be erected upon ledges at the mouth of
Camden harbor in said State.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts: The petition of Sam-
uel L. Hinkley and others, of Massachusetts, for a repeal
of the duty on raw silk.
By Mr. FOWLER: The petition of Frank F. Knowles
and 30 other master manners of the port of Boston, piaying
for iC an appropuation from the Treasury of the United
States" for the improvement of the harbor of Scituate, in
the State of Massachusetts.
By Mr. BURROWS: The remonstrance of G. Conger
and otheis, citizens of Niagara county, New York, against
the extension of the patent for Woodworth's planing ma-
chine.
By Mr. McLANAHAN: The petition of Ezra C. Sea-
man and otheis, clerks m the First Comptioller's Office,
praying for increase of salary.
By Mr. FULLER, of Pennsylvania: The memorial of
George M. Hollenback, S. D. Lewis, Zeba Bennett,
ThoYnas Oldershavv, Isaac S. Ostuhurt, Edward Carr,and
other citizens ot Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the
j extension of the Wood worth patent.
By Mr. WHITE, of Alabama: The memonal of William
L. Terry and others, praying for a grant of lands to the Ala-
bama and Georgia raihoad.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memorial of Enos B. Ring
and 150 other citizens of Pennsylvania, asking for fuither
protection to American industry.
By Mr. SCHERMERIIORN : The remonstrance of 550
citizens of the county of Monroe, New York, against the
extension of the Woodwoith patent.
Mr. BARRERE : A petition numerously signed, praying
for the establishment of a mail louto from Williamsburg,
in Cleimont county, via Mount Horeb.
Also, a petition numerously signed, praying for the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Williamsburg, in Cler-
mont county, via Mount Horeb, Branneus, Sardinia, and
Fincastle, to Winchester, in Adam's county, Ohio, and for
supplying the mail tu-wcekly on said route.
By Mr. DURKEE: The remonstrance of George Lip-
pard and 17 others, of the county of New York; against the
renewal of Woodworth's patent.
Also, the niemoiiul of John Gilmore and 249 others, of
the county ot Waukesha, Wisconsin, asking Congress to
change the law pcumtung the United Statesman to be car-
ried on the Sabbath day.
B\ Mr. HAMILTON : The petition of Nicholas Leister
and other citizens of Washington county, Maryland, re-
inonstiatmg against the extension ot the patent of Austin
and Zelmlon PatKerfor alleged uriproveineig>  upon reaction
water-wheoN.
Also, the petition of 133 citizens of Alleghany county,
Maryland, leinonstiatmgagainst the extension ot the Wood-
vvoith patent by Congress.
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois: The memorial of Wil-
liam Bennett, Michael Byrne, and others, praying for le-
lief, &c.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of the heirs' of John
Chalmeis, deceased, praying compensation for pioperty de-
stioyed b> the enemy during the last war.
By.Mr. ii IB BARD: The niemoual of W. O. C. Wood-
bury and others, citizens of Sullivan county. New Hamp-
shire, remonstrating against the extension ot Woodwoith's
patent.
By Mr. INGERSOLL : Five different memorials of ship
owners aud ship masters, niasteis of vessels, and other cit-
izens of the State of Connecticut, asking for an appropria-
tion by Congress for the improvement of the harbor of West-
brook, in *aul State.
Also, the memorial of certain importers, merchants, and
citizens ol New Haven, Connecticut, asking for an appro-
priation for a new custom house at New Haven.
Bv Mr. BOBBINS: The petition of S. Meyargee, John
Birely, S. II. Gilhngham, Jacob Teese, and 40 other cit-
izens of the county of Philadelphia, remonsttatmg against
any renewal or extension of the Woodworth patent lor
planing boards, &c., for ieasons theicm stated.
Also, the petition of Charles A. Spnng, against the ex-
tension of the Woodwoith patent, who states that they have
cmhiaccd in their specifications improvements which the
said (J. A. Spungand P. Boon claim in their patent of reis-
sue, No. 209.
By Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi: The petition ofceitain
masters and owners of vessels, praying that Biloxi may be
made a port ol entiy.
By Mr. KING, of New York : The petition of citizens
of St Lawrence county, Mew York, a-king Congress to
provide for the speedy construction of ship canals around
the Falls of Niagara and Sault Ste. Marie.
ALo, two memorials remonstrating against the further
extension of the teim of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr BRENTON: Petitions of H. H. Neff, Thomas
W Recce, and J. R. Randall, assistant marshals m the
State of Indiana, asking additional compensation for taking
the census under the act of 1850.
By Mr. WELLS: The remonstrance of t>0 citizens ot the
county of Montgomery, New York, against the renewal of
the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. FAULKNER: The petition of John B. A. Nad-
enhoush, late an assistant marshal, piawng additional com-
pensation foi iu«seivices in taking the census.
Also, the petition of John Keelei,a disabled soldier of
the war of 1&12, asking to bo placed on the pension roll.
By Ml MeNAlR. The memonal of Levi Stieeper and
other citizen's of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, pray-
j! ing Congiess to modify the tariff of 1846 in regaid to uoii.
!| Also, the memorial of S. D. Conover and others, repre-
|1 seutirig that the forcible intervention of one State in the in-
jj tenia! atlairs of another State, is in open violation of the
{! public law ot the world, aud praying Congress at once to
!; declare their recognition of that law, and'by prompt and
i| active meaMites to prevent its infraction.
il By Mr. CALD A" ELL : The memoiials from the follow-
ing assistant marshals in the State of North Carolina, ask-
ing additional compensation foi takmgthe Seventh Census,
viz : A. M. Bryan, of the county of Ashe , E. IJough, of
the county of Yudkin; Win. R. Lovill, of the county of
Surry; R. C. Miller, of the county of Caldwell; AbnerCar-
miehael, of the county of Wilkes; E. D. Austin, of the
county of Rowan; Jonathan Horten, of the county of Wa-
tauga"; Jesse Gant, of the county of Catawba; Thomas L.
Tucker, of tire county of Iredell; and J. C. Smith, of the
countv of Alexander.
By Mr. MORRISON: The petition of Nathaniel J. Parke,
asking to be placed on the list of invalid pensioners on ac-
count of disability incurred in the Mexican war.
By Mr. PRICE : The memorial of J. C. Garthwaite, W.
A. Myer, J. W. Painier, Wm. Wright, Win. Jackson, Joel
W. Condit and others, merchants, ship owners, and un-
derwriters of Newark, New Jersey, remonstrating against
the repeal of the act of March 3,1847, entitled " An act for
the leduction of the costs and expenses of proceeding in
admiralty against ships and vessels," and praying for a mod-
ification of said law.
By Mr. EDGERTON: The memorial of Benjamin H.
Movers, asking to be relieved from the payment of a judg-
ment against him in favor of the United States, and for the
pavment of moneys due him.
By Mr. BABCOCK: The remonstrance of citizens of Os-
wego, New York, against the renewal of the Woodworth
patent.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Februm~y 27, 1852,
^grayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
%P THE COMPROMISE MEfl|URES.
The PRESIDENT. The Private Calendar will
be taken up under the rule of the Senate, which
devotes Friday of each week to that business.
Mr. G-WIN. I hope the execution of that order
will be dispensed with for an hour, as the Senator
from South Carolina desires to make some ex-
planation.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to present some
petitions, if it is in order to do so.
The PRESIDENT. It will not be in order, un-
less the order of the Senate in relation to private
bills shall be dispensed with.
Mr. G-WIN. I move to dispense with the ex-
ecution of that order for one hour.
Mr. BADGEP^. I hope not. It is a very se-
rious business to private claimants; for if we post-
pone the execution of this order now, the private
bills will go over for a week.
Mr.GWIN. Oh, no.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly they will, of course.
I was in hopes that the course pursued would be
that which I suggested yesterday—that the Sena-
tor from South Carolina should postpone his re-
marks until Monday, and make them during the
morning hour of that day. .
There was a generally expressed wish that the
Senator from South Carolina should be permitted
to go on to-day, and therefore the motion to post-
pone the execution of the order of the Senate for
one hour was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. That motion having been
agreed to, the next order of business is the pre-
sentation of petitions, afterwards reports from
standing committees, and then motions and reso-
lutions; hut if it is the pleasure of the Senate to
hear the Senator from South Carolina on the ex-
planation which he wishes to make, the Chair
will adopt that course.
The Senate assented.
Mr. RHETT. I would also think it fair to
state to the Senate that my object may not be ac-
complished within the hour allowed.
Mr. BADGER. If this course is pursued, I
hope it will be understood that, as a matter of
course, the Senator from South Carolina will take
as much time as he requires.
The PRESIDENT then stated that the resolu-
tion declaring the measures of adjustment to be a
definitive settlement of the questions growing out
of the subject of slavery would be taken up, and
on them would be the pending question.
Mr. RHETT. Mr. President, I probably owe
an apology to the Senate—at least I think it due
to myself to state, that the reason why I have not
responded sooner to the animadversions of the Sen-
ator from Alabama [Mr. Clemens] and those (in a
milder strain) of the Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Cass] was, that I was not in the city of Wash-
ington at the time they were uttered in the Senate;
nor did 1 know of the personalities which the
Senator from Alabama had used towards me until
just on the eve of my departure from home to re-
turn to Washington. After I had been here for
several days I read them, and I have since been
watching the current of business under the hope,
that the resolution upon which these animadver-
sions were made, would come up for consideration;
and that I could then address myself with pro-
priety to the Senate, upon the animadversions of
the Senator from Alabama; but after waiting some
