1552
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 10.
will find money (lowing into your coffers after
these grants have been made, and the construction
of the railroads for winch they were made, that
you never could have received without sune step
such as ihis had been taken, to enhance it to a
value which it now lias not. I desire, therefore,
gentlemen—when they rise in their places, either
in the House or the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to assail this policy—to
meet the argument, and not m ike the charge that
we are throwing away the public lands. That is
not true in point of fact. The grants are nude by
this Government upon certain conditions. What
are those conditions? That the railroads shall be
constructed through your puhlr domain. The
other condition is, that the lands for six miles on
each side of the road, reserved to the Government,
shall not be sold at less than ^2 50 per acre. They
are now sold at $1 25 per acre; and if you sell half
the present quantity, then, for double tii.it price,
I should like to inquire whether there is not real-
ized as large an amount to the Treasury, after
these donations are made, as though the whole
had been disposed of at the present price? The
people are not impoverished at all. They are not
required to pay, in consequence, an additional
farthing into the pubhc Treasury. It is agifi,
upon the other hand, of great consequence, by
giving vaiue, m extending facilities fo.' markets,
and thereby bringing unsalabielands imo market.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. ORti. 1 hope my friend will spare me the
interruption.
Mr. JOVES. Theopponentsof these bills can-
not get an opportunity to say a word upon them.
Air. ORR. The Mis^oini bJi was debated here
for four or live weeks, and then the opponenis of
these schemes had the opportunity of being heaid, !
but not one of them as yet has met the arguments ;
advanced m favor of the system. They cannot be j
successfully met; and this mad-dog cry tii.it th'-.fce '•
who support the donation for the c'>nstiM"'iion of
railroads of alte  nate sections of the oi'hbc land,
are in favor of a system of internal improvements,
is idle and vain. It has no foundation. Il is the
cry of those who would defeat a measure, who
are not able to bear it down by the weight of argu-
ment.
Mr. AVERETT. I will merely put an inquiry
to the gentleman.
Mr. ORR. 1 cannot yield the floor.
Mr. AVERETT. The previous question is
moved on all ol these bills, and oppoi tunity is i.<>t
afforded for reply to their opponents
Mr. ORR. I will state, as I have donehefme
in advocating this bill, there are seven town-
ships of the public land through which this road
pisses, which have been in market lor twenty
years, and of which, dunn^ that whole time, not
one single quarter or a section lias been enteied.
Would it be a loss to gi.uii this ro a railr-i..d com-
pany? So far from it, by encouraging the con-
struction of a load through :t, you bring it into
market, nnd ennse thot winch is now valueless
to be sold fur £.2 50 p u* ace. But more; those
roads guarantee to transpoit vour troops and mu-
nitions of war withoutany charge,and yout mails
•it such prices as Congress may see proper to p iy.
These are the advantages to be derived from the
policy by the Government. See what vast im-
oortance and consequence in lime of war the road
proposed in this uiii would be to the GoveiinneriL
for the transportation of troops aero.v; >he Isthmus
of Florida. In their voyage around the southern
coast of Florida they vrouid easily be obHtrue'ci
by a foreign foe. It would be of immense im-
portance not only in a pecuniary p< mt rv \iew,
but in the saving of tune. That saving of time
?nuy be of great consequence in the defend of the
country. The bill ought to ras^. Its merits com-
mend it to the support and confidence of this
House. Its importance should commend it to
the favorpble consideration of member.? of this
House-—North, South, East, and West—cnal I
trust it wiil be passed. I now wuhdi.uv my mo-
tion to recommit the bill to theCommittee on Pub-
lic Lands, and '>tfer the substitute of which I have
given notice. I then renew the motion to recom-
mit. and unon that demand the previous question.
Mr. JONF.Sj of Tcnncs. ee. ^ I move to lay the
bill and substitute upon the table, and upon that
amotion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr- CABELL, of'Florid*. 1 will ask the gen-
tleman from South Carolina to withdraw Ins call j
for tue previous question tor a single moment.
Tne gentleman had not taken his seat, and theie-
fore tne motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
cannot be entertained.
The fi>FKAtCc.K. The gentleman from South
Carolina could not retain the llour alter having de-
manded the previous question.
Mr. OifaR. I would be glad to accommodate
the gentleman could 1 do no. If the motion of
the gentleman ftom Tennessee is voted down, i
will withdraw my call for the previous question,
to afford the gentleman, who is particuiaily inter-
ested in this matter, to submit a statement.
Mr. CADELL. I will, with tiie peimission of
the gentleman Ironi Tennessee, make a snort state-
ment in legard to this road, without touching upon
gtneral matters.
Mi. JONES. I cannot withdraw, for if I do,
the whole question will be opened again.
Mr. ORk. I withdraw my demand lor the pre-
vious question.
- Tiie yeas and nays were ordered upon the mo-
tion to lay upon the table.
Mr. MiLuSOiV. I move a call of the House,
and upon that motion I demand the yeas, and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
The question was then put, Shall there be a call
of the House : and it was disagreed to—yeas 02,
mys XJ7.
j x'he question then recurring upon the motion to
; iay the uill cm ihe table, it was taken, aud there
were—yeas 99, nays fc$3; as follows:
YKAS—:Vle.-sH. Aiken, Cha*. Allen, Allison, John Ap-
j>iu!uiij Win A[>|>IoIoh, A he, Avuiett, LJabeo.-k, U.tvul J.
I i>.nicy, iicitle, Bennett, Bibi^lhiti-i, Bocock,
' iJ.m no, Joiui ji. Ut>3 tl, Bieekinndtje, Ouoijje 11. Blown,
! iJu.-li, t5u by. Cdl.lwil*, Ca>kn.-, Cmipui^u, C'liuichwell,
' Cle\eland, k, <'ijiloiu, Dual11, Geo. 'V. Davi.-, Daw-
son, Deaii, iJnnimek, Duekerv, L>um*;tij, Euiiiinid-ou, iav-
ii!I o\\ ut, Gamble, (J idiMnjp, G liinoi c, Goodcnovv, Uuod-
| n(,ti, (j 11') j ii ;ui:i! Lon, li.nnttioiid, 1 sImui G. ii.n ri-, il j\v ,
Ilub.ud, IJ ibb.ud, 13 di)L't, HuiUibiy, llm-loid, '1'. M Howe,
I '1'. Y. Iio\\'j 'uyei v>!i, t ve>, Jackson, A.Joiniaon, Daniel
T. J iincn, (j rtu  i; W.J mic-.-, Gen; G. K nig, I'l e&lou K.in«j,
Kaniz, 1 ii teln i, Martin, i\J .i-on, "U e(,'oi kit*, Ale Don alii, M e
Laii man, Ai LMctiaui, Million, Moicliead, Muipity, Newton,
Oi i, Audi evv I'ai koi, l'ea*Jee. Powell, Kuiule, lioneins, Jio
bn , Bos.-, tfavuyej riclioumiiiiki'i, D L. i;i*\ nt( ui} tikelion,
tfitovv, li. 11. tStaiiton, I'auddeus ntev en>, Svvi-ul-
•u'i, B. Tuouipnin, Tnur^tun, Vemtble, Wulbiidge, VVal
l.iee. \Va.>uLiUin, ai.d VVuii^—bi).
NAV.S - Aix.-fcimiibi, , Willi* Allen, Boil, Cis-
sell, Bn'n)oti,Bii y>, Bto<ik>, Albert U. Biown, L.
Cauiugtuu Cabell, LiiWi.-D. Cauijib.:!!, I'lsuinpsuii Cani[ -
bi'll, Ltiiuei, (Jliandlcr, <Jl.uk, C-'obb, Coug'T, (Jolliimn,
Jului (i. Duvi.^, Duikfc, Ea-tiiuui, t'Jdgertoa, ivvans, l''iek-
lin, I'MutiMiee, ilfiuy J\J. fulK-r, Geidiy , Hall, liarpt-r, 11 u-
\e.t. llendi k'K^, liuui), tlou?fuu, llow.nd, Julia vV. llcwe,
J.niu". J uliiijson, Johii j oliiiciiii, Rob^-i i VV Johnson, 1\ uan-,
Landrs, L(jekii.ut, M.ie«", i'aiwaidU. .M.i^li.dl, liunijiiuey
Al.ti.-<11.uI, .\KNair, Ai illi-i, Alolon\, Heaiy D. Alooiu, John
Al<>ihi*, i\awui-M Old-, Oinl.iw. \V. I'aiKcr, Puna, feiuii-
inan,i'liolp-, I'urtoi. It.uituul, Riehu.dson, ilobuiboii, ^clier-
imaiiorn, oemry, tiiiiitti, rininti , Beiij. .Mauton, Frederick
r. stallion, Ainaii.nn I'. Sti'vcn«, Aluxander 11.^ajplieiio,
Sjoai*, >l Mai mi, Stiotlh-r, riluai t, T«t> i<>r,T«iouit).--, Trnviis-
iiriiil, VVaNIi, \Va.ii, Walking, VVeJ^j, AJdiauu Wane,
A!f\a:idui W'lnt;;, aad \Viiiiaui>—62.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
ivlr. Onit. I rise to a privileged motion. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
laid upon the table.
Mr. JON lis, of Tennessee. I move to lay that
jj motion upon the table.
j! Mr. COi>l>. i rise to a privileged question.
j; Has the inuaiinj, hour expired?
|j The bPKALUai. It has.
Mr. C013B. I move, then, to proceed to the
i' business upon the Speaker's table.
.Sir. Kl.'-'G, of New York. Is not the motion
to reconsider a nnwieged question'
'! The SPF.AKliil. it is a privileged question
! wliicli, under ihe circumstances, coniines itself to
;i t!ie morning hour, under the specjal orde *.
:• AJr. JONES, ot Tennessee, ii the House re-
ti furie to proceed to the business o;i the Speaker^
[; table, can they proceed with this other business.'
;! Mr. COoti. i would inquire of the opeaker,
' if the House lefuse 10 proceed 10 the business on
i' the Speaker's table, what is the next thing in
| order?
The SPEAKER. The House would proceed
to vote upon tiie motion of the gentleman from
!' Tennessee, to lay on the table the motion to recon
!- sider.
Mr. COBB. 1 demand the yeas and nays.
1 Mr. CLIInGMAN. Is it not in order to move
!j to go into Committee of the Whole on the state oi
• I the Union?
The SPEAKER. It will be when the pending
motion is disposed of.
Mr. CLINGrM AN. I trust the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] will withdraw his motion,
and let us go into Committee of the Whole.
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 rise to aptivileged ques-
tion. I would inquire of the Chair, if it is not in
order now to take up the contested-election case
from Pennsylvania?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not a
privileged question pending?
The SPEAKER. This one is of a higher grade,
in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 move, then, that we
proceed to the consideration of the contested-elec-
i tion case from Pennsylvania?
I Mr. WALSH. Is that m order when another
motion is pending?
The SPEAKER. It is, as involving a question
of privilege.
Mr. WALSH. The gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] moved to proceed to the business on
the Speaker's table, and the House was dividing
upon that. And then there is a call for the yeas
j and nays.
I The SPEAKER. Tiie yens and nays were
J demanded, but that does not alter tiie case,
j Mr. HAMILTON. J will withdraw my motion
; for the purpose of deciding this other business,
i Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
j Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] seeing that a majority of
j the House is disinclined to adopt his motion, will
i withdraw it for the present, and let us go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
j Mr. COBB. If I was satisfied that would be
j the action of the House, out of due respect to the
i gentleman from Veimonr, [Mr. Mkaciiam,] who
has an unfinished speech, I should certainly with-
, draw my motion. Shall we go into Committee of
: the Whole if we reject that motion? I am satisfied
j that we will not.
| Mr. CLINGMAN. Let us take the vote, and
we eon then determine.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Cobb's
! motion to proceed to the business on the Speaker's
I table, and there were, ayes54—noesnotcounted.
: Mr. EVANS. I call for tellers upon that mo-
tion. There is a good deal of business on the
Speaker s table, which ought to be disposed of.
We will have speeches enough in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Tellers were then ordered, and Messrs. Ste-
ven's, of Pennsylvania, and Richardson, were
appointed; and the question being taken, the tellers
reported—ayes 78, noes 74.
So the House agreed to proceed to the consid-
eration of the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to proceed to the
consideration of the contested-election case fiom
Pen nsylvjmia.
Mr. EWING. Is it in order to move noA'a
postponement of ihat question for two weeks?
The SPEAKER It i^ in order,
Mr. EWING. I move, then, the postponement
of that question for two weeks, on account of th®
necessary absence of the sitting member.
TheSPE A.KER. That motion wiil be in order,
after the House has determined to take up and
consider the case, and not till then,
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yoas and
it dovs upon my motion.
II The yaas and nays were ordered.
ji The question was then taken,and there were—
j' yeas 83, rmyN 90; as follows:
■ YEAS—Aiken, Chr.rlps Allen, Willis AD^n,
j' .Tclm Applet.1;!, Ashe, AvenMt, Balvnrk, Oavid J. Bailey,
j; Bcale, Bi< *!]. Boe.x'k, Brecknnid?^, BupII, Bus-
by, Thompson Campion, earner, Ca-'oft, Cleveland, Col-
p <*. ek, Cjiitis, Daniel. John G Jlotv, Du>ilnm, J)ur-
i,re, E-istman, Ed^erton, Fn-kln!,' Florence, Freeman,
j. G iinliK', G.u loid, Hamilton, llaii<tnond, Ssham G Harris,
j, u-ks, Hihba'd, HiMyer, HolLui^v, Houston, H^w.ird,
j; 1 ii«p<-oil, Jai-k-on, Jfo'ni Johnson, George W. Jone^, J.
1 Gl.uiey Jones, Kuhz, Letchf, Loc'-lriru Mace, Ma«on,
i[ McDnr>:ild. MeLa'tnliiin, MeXair, Milifon, Mulorsy, M« r*
Ii i:>om, Marnbv, Ntj'her ', Obis, Andrew Par!?cr, Penn, P< \v
h ell, Raiitoul, ItuidSe, Rubbniv, Robie. Robm-on, Ro^s, Sav-
j' a;-e, Divul L. Seytn-mr, Slcelton, Smart, Smirh, Richard
i H. tun, Abr'm P. ritevcus, Stuait, Sweet&er, Towus-
j; hei'd. Wallace, and Wiidnck—83.
NAY8—>!>**•"--. Abercroinbie, A!!ison, William Apple-
ton, Barrere, Bell, Bennett, Biluahaus. Bowne, JoJin
Jj P.ojd, Bienton, Snegs, Biooks, Albeit G. Brown, Gpo. H,
Brown, Burrow?, E. Carrnii'ton Cabell, Caldwell,Chandler
!; Chapman, Churciiwell, Clark, Chngmanj Cobb, Conner,
