THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED
AT WASHINGTON,
BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS $
3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Congress, 1st
Session.
MONDAY, AUGUST 30, 1852.
New Series....No. 152.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman appeal?
Mr. GENTRY. I do not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I call him to order.
Mr. GENTRY. 1 think other gentlemen would
do well to act upon the same idea, and not annoy
the Speaker with unnecessary questions of or-
der.
Mr. JOHN W.HOWE. Is the appeal still
pending?
The SPEAKER. The appeal was laid upon
the table, and the decision of the Chair was sus-
tained.
Mr. RICHARDSON here obtained the floor.
Mr. GENTRY. Will my friend from Illinois
allow me one moment?
Mr. RICHARDSON. Certainly.
Mr. GENTRY. In connection with the rule
which I have read I wish to make one remark.
The rule is very brief, and I will read it again:
" When the reading of a paper is called for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the House."
Now there is a note to that rule, as follows:
u As originally adopted, tins rule contains after the word
c for,' the words ( which had before been read to the House.'
They were stuck en out on the 14th of December, 1795."
The SPEAKER. Verygood. If the gentleman
will allow the Chair—and it embraces precisely
one of the cases which the Chair gave a few mo-
ments ago—the Chair holds that a paper in the
shape of a bill, for instance, to be voted upon,
must be read under the law, and that you cannot
dispense with the reading unless you dispense
with the rules. But if the paper has been read
once, it is not within the power of any one mem-
ber to demand that it shall be read a second time.
The rule provides, that if he be sustained by a
vote of the House he may have it read. Again,
it will embrace another case like this: If a mem-
ber asks that a paper not before the House—a
letter, for instance—be read, and it is objected to,
he may, by a vote of the House, have it read.
A bill or amendment to be voted upon must be
read under the rule—the rule commands it—and
it cannot be dispensed with except by a vote of
two thirds. That is the decision of the Chair.
Mr. RfCHARDSON. I agree entirely with
the decision made by the Chair; but the point I
wish to arrive at is whether two thirds of the
House can dispense with the reading of a propo-
sition upon which members are called to vote?
On that, probably, the Chair and myself will dif-
fer. I agree with the Chair that it is the right of
every member to have a proposition read once.
These amendments have not been read at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair mightagree with
the gentleman from Illinois, that it would be very
tyrannical for the House to give a vote which
would force any member to vote upon a matter he
had not heardread. That is one point. Another is
the rule by which we are governed in this matter.
The Chair repeats, that our written rules adopt
Jefferson's Manual, so far as they are not inap-
plicable arid inconsistent with the other rules
adopted for our Government. Mr. Jefferson's
Manual, and the practice of all deliberative bodies,
so far as the Chair knows anything about them,
require a paper that is to be voted upon to be read.
That is a rule. We have other rules, all, or any
of which, the Chair decides may be dispensed
with by a vote of two thirds.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The difference between
the Chair and myself is this: I contend that you
cannot by a two-thirds vote dispense with the
first reading. The Manual, so far as it has been
adopted, does not come within the category of the
rules, and you cannot suspend it if any member
objects.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would be difficult for the gentleman to point to
authority to sustain his position.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is it in order
to have read a case of the last Congress which is
precisely in point?
The SPEAKER. If not objected to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object.
Id2
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. What is be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER. A proposition to suspend
the rules.
Mr, BAYLY, of Virginia. As the gentleman
from Tennessee says there is a precedent in point
upon this subject, I beg the House will let it be
read.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House alone can it be read.
Mr. STUART. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would beg gen-
tlemen to draw correct distinctions between the
decision of the Chair and the objects to be arrived
at by them. If the Chair were upon the floor, he
might vote with those who thought it tyrannical
to force a member of the House to vote upon what
he never heard. That is one point, and the rule
is another. The Chair has great confidence that
he has stated the rule correctly.
A Member. There is no doubt about that.
The SPEAKER. The question is, (t Shall the
rules be suspended that the reading of these
amendments may be dispensed with?"
Mr. KING, of New York. I demand theyeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the rules were not
suspended—yeas 55, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Mossrs. WiJham Appleton, Prj££<, Albert G.
Brown, Caldwell, Lewi-? D. Campbell, Thompson Camp-
bell, Cartter, Chapman, Chastain, Chnjrman, John C. Davi>«,
Dawson, Dean, Dotv, Dunham, Eastman, Faulkner, Floyd,
Gihnore, Gorman, <2rev, Hall, Kham <x. Harris, Hart,
Henn, Jlibbard, Horsford, Houston, I ves, J nekton, Jenkins,
Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Geo.
VV. Jones Letcher, Mason, MeNair, Molonv, Murphy,
Samuel VV. Parker, Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps, Pmter, Reed,
Riddle, Robbms, Robie, Savage, Frederick P. Sranion,
Abraham P. Stephens, Stone, Strother, Taylor, and Ven-
able—^5.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, A<-he, Averett, Bab-
cock, Thomas 11. Baylv, IJarrere, Bibighaiis Uocock,
Bowie, Bragg, Brcckinridge, Brooks, George H. Brown,
Buell, Burrows, E. Cairington Cabell, JoM'ph Cable, Cas-
kie, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Coleock, Conger, Daniel,
Dnmmck, Dockery, Dunran, Edgerton, Edrnuiuhon, Ew-
mg, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gondenow, Good-
rich, Green, Hammond, Harper, Haws, Ha call, Haven,
Hebard, Holladay, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas V.
IIovv, George G. King, Preston King. Kurtz, Landry, Loek-
hart, Mann, Martin, McCoikie, Meade, Millson, John
Moore, Murray, Newton, Orr, Outlaw, Petin, Penniman,
Powell, Price, Riclmidson, Sarkett, Schoolciafl, Sehwm-
maker, David L. Seymour, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Thaddcus Stevens, St Martin, Stuart,
Sweetser, Thurston, Tuck, Walsh, Watkins, Welch,
Wells, and Wildnck—91.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. My sole object was
to prevent being called upon to vote upon proposi-
tions which had never been read.
[Cries of " Read on !" and " Object to discus-
sion!"]
Mr. CABELL. I withdraw the proposition
that the amendments be read, with a view that
the bill may be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, or the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means; I care not which.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Florida that it is not within his
power to withdraw an objection that will at all
affect the reading of the paper, because the law of
the House requires the paper to be read, and it
cannot be dispensed with, according to the decis-
ion of the Chair, without a vote of two thirds,
which vote has not been given.
[Cries of" Read on !" " Read on !"]
Mr. CABELL. I rise to a question of order.
I rose in my place, and asked that these amend-
ments be read. The gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman,] moved that the rule be
dispensed with which authorized me to require
them to be read. I now withdraw my proposi-
tion that they be read  
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has misun-
derstood the courseof proceeding entirely. When
the gentleman from Florida rose, and asked that
the amendments be read, the Chair directed the
Clerk to go to the reading under the rule. The
motion made by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina was to suspend the rules, so as to dispense
with the law of the House requiring the reading.
The amendments must be read, the House having
declined to dispense by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. If it be in
order, I move that this bill be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. We are acting under the
operation of the previous question, which was
ordered upon the proposition of the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] and no motion to
commit is in order.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
amendments.
Mr. CABELL. Is it in order to ask for a vote
upon the amendments as we proceed ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order. The
object of reading the amendments now, is to
enable gentlemen to determine how they will vote
upon the proposition of the gentleman from Ala-
bama, which is to reject theamendments in gross.
We are acting under the operation of the previous
question and a suspension of the rules, which
enabled the gentleman to submit that peculiar mo-
tion.
Mr. CABELL. Has the gentleman asked the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It has been ordered by a vote
of the House.
M r. CABELL. Is it in order to move to recon-
sider the vote by which the previous question was
ordered to be put?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would.
Mr. CABELL. I then submit that motion.
Mr. ORR. I move to lay that motion upon the
table.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of order.
Whilst we are reading these amendments, no mo-
tion can be made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and is of the opinion that a motion
to reconsider is a privileged question.
The question was put on laying the motion
to reconsider upon the table, and upon a division
there were—ayes G7, noes 45.
Mr. CABELL. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hart and
Ai.lison were appointed.
The question was again put, and the motion to
reconsider was laid upon the table, the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 85, noes 44.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
amendments.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to dispense with the
reading of these amendments, because that is the
precedent, although it has been stated otherwise.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
The Clerk proceeded with the reading.
Mr. CARTTER. I want the gentleman from
Virginia to withdraw his objection. Tie made it
to punish his own friends, who objected to the
dispensing with this silly ceremony of reading.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous pleasure
of the body that the reading be dispensed with ?
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I wish to know if
these amendments all go to the Committee of Con-
ference, whether, when the report comes back, it
can be divided ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. STANTON. Does the Chair hold that we
cannot have a separate vote upon the amendments
here?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so holds.
Mr. STANTON. If that be the state of things,
I will not object.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to dis-
pensing with the reading?
There was nn objection.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the proposition made by the gentleman from
Alabama, and it is a double one. It is, that the
