1554
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
were read, and the oath prescribed by law having
been administered to Mr. Charlton, he took: his
seat in the Senate.
POSTPONEMENT OF PRIVATE BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER. As this is Friday, the day
oil which private bills are considered, I move that
the rule setting apart this day for their considera-
tion bte suspended for an hour.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the Senate will not con-
sent to the motion. It will be borne in mind that
it is now six weeks since the Private Calendar has
been taken up by the Senate; at all events, since
any bill to which objection could be made has
been taken up. If, even for an hour, we dispense
with the order setting apart to-day for the consid-
eration of private bills, it will have the same effect
as similar motions have had heretofore—we shall
not be able to reach a single case.
I think it is due to this class of our fellow-citi-
zens having claims against the Government, that
they should have some consideration under the
rule adopted by the Senate; and that, in accord-
ance with that rule, the Senate should at once take
up their claims. There is no renson why the de-
mands of private claimants against the Govern-
ment should be postponed week alter week, and
be made to give way to every other business.
There are claims here which have been urged since
1812; which have been pressed again and agam,
from that time to the present, and are delayed from
day to day for the purpose of taking up matters
of less importance.
I hope not a single moment will be given to the
consideration of any other business than that
which should come up under the rule, which di-
rects that every Friday shall be set apart for the
consideration of private chums. Whenever that
rule has been dispensed with for nri hoar, hith-
erto, the whole day has been generally spent in
the transaction of general business.
Mr. ATCHISON. If it he in order, I propose
to amend the motion of the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] by moving that the rule be sus-
pended for the entire day. I desire very much
that the Seriate should go into Executive session.
The PRESIDENT. The first motion must be
put.
Mr. ATCHISON. I have this to say in re-
sponse to what has fallen from the Senator from
Maryland, [Mr. Pratt:] if we examine the Jour-
nals of the Senate, it will be found that we have
passed more private bills during the present ses-
sion, than during any previous session at a simi-
lar period. There is another proposition which I
wiillay down, and which the honorable Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Pratt] will, X think,assent
to: that private business ought,and must, yield at
all times to~pub(ic considerations and to business;
and I hold that the public business which will be
considered in Executive session to-day, is of moic
importance than any piivate hill on the Calendar.
A Senator. It is of more importance than all
of them.
Mr. ATCHISON". Yes, sir; it is of more
importance than all of them together, ff it he in
order, I now move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of Executive business.
The PRESIDENT. That motion will not be
in order: there is already a motion pending.
Mr. HUNTER. I will modify my motion so
as to suspend the rule only till one o'clock. That
will allow half an hour for the consideration of
morning business. We shall get through in that
time.
Mr. MANG UM. I rise for the purpose of in-
quiring what motion is pending; and will avail
myself of the occasion, if permitted, to say that
the "question pending in Executive session is of
vast importance; and that ccrtain matters may be
done to-day which cannot be done at a future pe-
riod. 1 think, therefore, it is indispensably neces-
sity to a proper action on the subjects there pend-
ing that we should go into Executive session
now.
The PRESIDENT. That is not the question
before th? Senate.
Mr. GEA Ell. I wish to inquire, before giving
my vote, whether this is what is called " objection
dav
The PRESIDENT. This is the day on which
any bill that is objected to, or which gives rise to
debate, must lie over.
Mr. BAYARD. I was under a different im-
pression.
The PRESIDENT. This is the day.
Mr. HUNTER. The half hour will expire
while we are considering this matter.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend; and a division being called for, there
were—ayes 19, noes 15.
So the motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC. j
Mr. STOCKTON presented the petition of!
Isaac Bigelow, a seaman on board the United I
States steamer Missouri at the time of her de- |
struction by fire, praying remuneration for the !
loss of his clothing; which was referred to the !
Committee on Claims.
Also, a petition of Isaac Bigelow, praying a pen- :
sion on account of loss d* health, incurred in the |
naval service during the late war with Mexico; j
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions. 1
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens i
of New York, praying that the public lands may
be granted, in hunted quantities, to actual settlers
not possessed of other lands; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of F. W. A. Craim and others,
and two petitions of citizens of Wisconsin, pray-
ing that the bill now pending before Congress,
commonly known as the homestead bill, may be- I
come a law; which were referred to the Committee j
on Public Lands. i
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of J. L. Ful- i
ler and others, and five petitions of citizens of|
Ohio, praying that the lull now pending before j
Congress, commonly known as the homestead j
bill, may become a law; which were referred to |
the Committee on Public Lands. ,
Mr. GEY Ell presented the petition of L. C. I
Easton, assistant quartermaster in the Army,
praying that he may be credited with an amount
of public money of which he was defrauded by
his clerk; which was referred to the Committee on
Military A/Fairs.
Mr. RUSK presented a memorial of Samuel A.
Helden and others, citi/.ens of Texas, ptnymg an
increase of the military force on the frontiers of
that State, for the protection of its citizens against
Mexican and Indian incursions; which was le-
fecred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, in
answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for
the report of the Board on marine condensers;
which was ordered to be laid on the table, and
printed.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill grant-
ing the right of way and making a grant of land
to the State of Louisiana, for the construction of a
railroad from opposite Now Orleans, thence to the
Sabine river, reported back the same with amend-
ments.
l-'e also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill granting to the State of Lou-
isiana the right of way and a donation of the pub-
lic land, for the purpose of locating and construct-
ing a railroad from Shreveport to the Mississippi
river, in that State, reported the same with amend- I
ments. |
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval i
Affairs, to which was referred resolutions of the |
Common Council of the city of New Oileans, re- ;
3atin<r to a navy-yard and naval depot, presented j
the 17th of May, asked to be discharged from the I
further consideration thereof; which was agreed I
to. ~ !
Mr. .TONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on j
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of 1
Frederick Parsons, prayins: bounty land, asked to :
be discharged from the further consideration there- i
of, and that it bereferied to the Committee on j
Public Lands; which was agreed to. j
NAVY PENSIONS. |
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com- !
mittee on Finance to report back two appropria- ■
tiou bills, which were sent up from the House of;
Representatives and submitted to that committee, j
The first is kk A bill making appropriations for the !
payment of navy pensions for the fiscal year 1
uncling the 30th of June, 1853." It is a bill i
which is strictly according to the estimate of the I
Department, and I ask that it may be acted upon
now.
^ The motion was agreed to, and the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides for the appropriation of the
sum of $45,000 for the payment of navy pensions
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853.
There being no amendment proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and read a third time
and passed.
INVALID AND OTHER PENSIONS.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have also instructed me to report back "A bill
making appropriations for the payment of invalid
and other pensions of the United States for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1853," with
ashghtverbal amendment. I askthatthe bill may
be considered at the present time.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to its consideration as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for the appropriation of the follow-
ing sums for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853:
For invalid pensions, the sum of $400,000; for
widows and orphans, under various acts of Con-
gress, $9G6,240.
Mr. HUNTER. The amendment proposed is
merely a verbal one, to rectify a mistake in refer-
ence to the date of one of the acts named in the
bill.
The amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill was read a third time
and passed.
BRAZILIAN CONVENTION.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act to carry into effect the convention be-
tween the United States and the Emperor of Bra-
zil," of the 27th of January, in the year 1847?
approved March 29ih, 1850.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the Secretary of the Treasury, in
discharging the awards made by the commission-
ers under the act entitled " An act to carry into
effect the convention between the United States
and the Emperor of Brazil," of the 27th of Jan-
uary, 1847, shall, in all cases to which the same
shall apply, be governed by the provisions of the
eighth section of the act entitled " An act to carry
into effect certain stipulations of the treaty be-
tween the United States of America and the Re-
public of Mexico," of the 2d of February, 1848,
approved March 3, 1849, in the same manner and
to the same extent as if the said eighth section had
been originally a part of said act.
Mr. MASON. The term of the convention will
soon expire within which the bill referred to has
to operate; and the object of the bill reported by
the committee is merely to enact a law providing
for the distribution of the money awarded under
the eighth section of the act which is found in a
similar provision in relation to the treaty with
Mexico. It requires the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to be governed by the eighth section of the
act which regulates the distribution of the awards.
Unless this bill is passed wuhm two weeks by
both Houses, it will be inoperative. As it is im-
portant, therefore, that this bill should become a
law, I ask that it maybe read a third time to-
day.
The bill was reported to the Senate Nvithofct
amendment, and was read a third time and passed.
CHANGING NAME OF STEAMBOAT.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I ask leave to introduce
a bill, in pursuance of notice which I gave yester-
day. It is to change the name of the steamboat
Brilliant.
Leave being given, the,bill was introduced, and
was read the first time, and ordered to a second
reading;.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would ask the Senate,
as a favor, that they would permit this bill to pass
to-day. This was an unfortunate boat, and the
gentlemen who owned her have expended several
thousands of dollars in repairing her. We all
know how sailors feel in regard to a boat that has
been unfortunate, especially while she remains un-
der the old name. The object of this bill is merely
to allow the owners to change the name.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
by the Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It
