•2418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August.
28,
amendments of the Senate be rejected in mass, and
that a committee of conference be appointed, to
meet with one on the part of the Senate.
Mr- STANTON, of Kentucky. If the House
vote down the proposition of the gentleman from
Alabama, we then take a separate vote upon each
amendment?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state, that if
the proposition of the gentleman from Alabama
be voted down, the bill, under the rules, must be
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, unless the rules be suspended
so requiring.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Under the rnles
and practice of the House, the negative of the
proposition of the gentleman from Alabama is a
concurrence with all of the amendments of the
Senate as they now stand.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has a different
impression. He will decide questions as they
arise.
Mr. EWING. I would ask whether the motion
of the gentleman from Alabama can be entertained
with reference to these amendments which have
not yet been put in die possession of the House''
He moves to reject the whole of them, although
they have not been read.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent,
the reading was dispensed with.
[Cries of "Gtuestion!" "Question !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to be
precisely correct in stating the proposition of the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion was to non-con-
cur with the amendments of the Senate, and ask
for a committee of conference.
The question was taken, and the amendments in
gross were rejected, and a committee of conference
was ordered to be requested of the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 move to reconsider that
vote, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THE GARDINER CASE.
Mr. EDGERTON. I move to take up the mo-
tion 1 submitted to the House to allow the special
committee to sit during the recess.
The SPEAKER. That matter is before the
House by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I claim the floor on that
proposition.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 ask the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair misunderstood
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richardson.]
It seems that he claims the floor upon this subject.
The Chair thought that the gentleman had refer-
ence to the other matter.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I propose to amend.
Mr. EDGERTON. The gentleman from Illi-
nois cannot amend when I offered the proposition
and moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Richardson] either
as giving way for the introduction of the proposi-
tion or as adopting it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I claim the floor upon
the proposition.
The SPEAKER. The question is, whether
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Edgerton] is before the House.
Mr. EDGERTON. I made my proposition
verbally.
The SPEAKER. It is now before the House
in writing, and will be reported to the House.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Replied, That the s-eleet committee appointed to in-
vestigate the comieetion of Thorns Convin. Secretary of
the Treasury, with the Gardiner claim, have leave to sit in
vacation and send for peiMms and papers, and to examine
witnesses under oath.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is necessary, morder
to terminate their labors before the meeting of rhe
next session of Congress, that they should make
their report to some one of the officers of the
House. I propose, in the amendments I submit,
to obviate the difficulty which exists in the propo-
sition made by the gentlemen from Ohio, [Mr.
Edgerton-.J The gentlemen who constitute the
committee may get through in two or three weeks,
probably in three or four. They do not want to
remain here until the sitting of the next Congress.
It is necessary, then, that power should be given
them to make their report to the Clerk of the
House. There js another amendment which I de-
sire to make. I do not know very much about
thisMexican Commission, but I take it for granted
in the immense allowances they have made, that
there are other cases where they have done wrong
as well as in the case of Gardiner. 1 propose to-
give the committee power to inquiie into all cases
if it becomes necessary to investigate them, and
make their report. I move to amend the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ehgrr-
ton,] then, in two particulars, first, to enlarge the
powers of the committee, and second, to enable
them to make their report to the Clerk of the
House during the recess of Congress.
Mr. EDGERTON. I rise to a question of
order, and that is, that when 1 offered my pioposi-
tion to the House, I moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did notso under-
stand it.
Mr. EDGERTON. I now ask the previous
question on the proposition I submitted.
Mr. SWEETSER. I rise to a question of or-
der, that the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] is not in order, as it
proposes to enlarge the powers of the committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. My amendment is,
that the committee have power to investigate any
other claims that were allowed by the board ap-
pointed to sit upon the Mexican claims, and to
transmit their report to the Clerk of the Hou.se
during the recess of Congress.
Mr. SWEETSER. I make two points of or-
der upon that proposition. My first point of or-
der is, that the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Rich-
ardson] has enlarged the powers for which this
committee wnsraised, and is, therefore, not in or-
der; and my second point of order is, that to au-
thorize the committee to report to the Clerk of the
House is not m conformity with our rules, and
that such committee cannot report except to this
House when m session.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ovenules the first
point of order, but is inclined to sustain the sec-
ond. [Laughter.]
Mr. CARTTER. I wish to make a practical
inquiry in relation to this subject.
The SPEAKER. A demand for the previous
question is made, and all debate is cut off.
Mr. CARTTER. i ask my colleague to with-
draw it for a moment.
Mr. EDGERTON. I cannot. I believe my
proposition is all that is desired by the committee.
Mr, Richardson's amendment was then read,
as follows:
And that the eoi nuitreo have povvei to examine and re-
port upon any claims allowed 01 i ejected through the pro-
curement of fraud or fabe suggestions before such Board
established under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The resolution constituting this
committee was introduced, under a suspension of
the rules, for the specific purpose of investigating
the connection of the Secretary of the Treasury
with this matter. Now, this is a proposition to
introduce other investigations, and I make the
point of order that it cannot be done now.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman contend
that if will not be m the power of the House to
enlarge the powers of its committees, so far as to
enable them to send for persons and papers, when
the rules have been suspended for the specific pur-
pose? The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. HALL. I move to lay the appeal upon
the table.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Hall's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
Mr. CARTTER. With the permission of my
colleague, 1 wish to ask the chairman of the com-
mittee of investigation a single question, with a
view to the practicability of its sittings during the
recess. I am told that witnesses cannot be got
here, and it is a useless provision.
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. DUNCAN. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment is very extraordinary. It pro-
poses to send this committee to investigate perhaps
one hundred coses, which have been tried by the
commission established under the authority of the
Government; and I ask whether it is in order to
institute that inquiry without confining the com-
mittee to specific cases?
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman will idiiem-
, ber that the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell]
! made that precise question of order. The Chair
i overruled it, and the House sustained the Chair
in its decision.
; Mr. DUNCAN. Then Lhope that the House
| will see the propriety of voting down the amend-
j ment.
i The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
; The question was then taken on Mr. Richard-
son's amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Edger-
'• ton's amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to state one fact.
[Cries of "1 object!"-"! object!" "I object!"]
; The question was then taken, and it was <le-
j cided in the affirmative.
' So Mr. Edgerton's amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. EDGERTON moved to reconsider the vote
| by which the amendment was adopted, and to lay
• the motion to reconsider upon the table: which
| latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to enable me to introduce the follow-
ing resolution, which I ask may be read for in-
formation.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, Thai 1 he (,'ieik ot' the House be directed to
puichase of the publisher, tor the use of members ol thi>
[louse, twenty thousand copies ol Stcmsbury's Report ot
hi< Expedition to the Great Salt Lake : Provided) The same
are executed m like style, and at a price not exceeding that
paid by the Senate for the same.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CONGER. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. FICKLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
[Loud cries of "No <kNo !"j
Mr. TUCK. I have a matter upon which 1
wish- 
[Shouts of "Orderf"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Hampshire must be aware that there is a motion
pending to suspend the rules. A motion is made
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. TUCK. If the House will permit me to
say a word or two, I know they will not object to
the request I am about to make.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be glad to
indulge the gentleman if it is the pleasure of the
House.
[Loud cries of a Object!" and " Order !"]
Mr. FICKLIN. What is it that the gentleman
from New Hampshire desires?
Mr. TUCK. I have wished to make a speech
on the subject of the fisheries, which I will now
publish.
[Renewed shouts of "Order! " and " Object! "]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Fick-
lin's motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred upon the motion of Mr.
Conger to suspend the rules.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to inquire of the Chair
if it is in order to make a very brief explanation?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Con-
ger's motion, and it was decided in the negative.
So the rules were not suspended.
PAY TO JOURNAL CLERK OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to do justice to one of
our officers, and I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer a resolution for that purpose.
I wish simply to state to the House that the Pre-
siding Officer of the House knows more about this
! matter than anybody else, and I believe approves
| of the resolution.
' The resolution was read as follows:
! Resolved, That there be paid to the present Journal Oleik
i of the House, out of the contingent fund, a turn whictt will
j make his annual compensation for his past services and
; until otherwise ordered, equal to that heretofore paid in the
House and still paid in the Senate to the person performing
j a similar duty.
I Mr. DUNHAM. I object.
i Mr. FITCH. Then I' move to suspend the
I rules to enable me to offer the resolution.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I move that the House do
1 now adjourn.
! The question was put, and on a division there
i were—ayes 67, noes 77.
: So the House refused to adjourn.
