1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2419
The question recurred upon Mr. Fitch's motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then put; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 114, noes 17.
So (two thirds voting in the affirmative) the rules
were suspended.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. FITCH. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to know
what the Clerk now gets?
[Shouts of "Order! "]
Mr. FITCH. I will inform the gentleman with
pleasure. He gets $1,500.
[Renewed shouts of " Order! "]
The question was then put on the adoption of
the resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FITCH. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put upon the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. HALL. Mr. Speaker, no provision of
law at present exists by which the lands in Cali-
fornia can be surveyed and sold. I therefore ask
the unanimous consent of the House—and if it be
refused, I shall move to suspend the rules—to per-
mit the Committee on Public Lands to report back
Senate bill No. 7, which provides for the survey
of the public lands in California, and the grant of
preemption rights to the citizens of that country.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I object.
Mr. HALL. Then I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER put the question to the House,
and announced that it was decided in the negative.
Mr. HALL. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman is in time in asking for the yeas and
nays on his proposition.
Mr. JENKINS. I move that the House do now
adjourn, and upon that motion 1 ask for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton,of
Tennessee, and Henn were appointed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Before the question is put
upon the adjournment, is it in order to determine
what time we will adjourn to?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move the
day, within the constitutional provision, to which
the House will adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I suppose that, by a sus-
pension of the rules, the House might determine
to adjourn until nine o'clock, or some earlier hour
than eleven o'clock, on Monday morning. 1 de-
sire to fix an earlier hour, because I think it is
necessary, and if I have the unanimous consent of
the House, I will name nine o'clock.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I object. Eleven
o'clock is early enough.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I move to .suspend
the rules
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order.
There is a motion already pending to suspend the
rules, and another motion that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If it will obviate the objec-
tion, I will say ten o'clock, or eight o'clock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Eleven o'clock is
time enough.
The question was then put upon Mr. Jenkins's
motion, and the tellers reported—ayes 91, noes 27*
So the motion was agreed to, and the House (at
twenty minutes past seven o'clock, p. in.) ad-
journed until Mondayat eleven o'clock a. m.
PETITIONS. &c.
The following memori.il and petitions were presented
under the iule, and referred to the appiopriate committees:
By Mr. NEWTON: The memorial of Joseph R. Inger-
soll and other*-, praying for the establishment ot an Agri-
cultural Bureau.
By Mr. SOUDDER: The petition of Jesse Tuttle and
others, of Harwich, Massachusetts, asking that an armed
force of the Navy ot the United States may be dispatched
to the Gulf of St. Lawrence and other waters in that region,
to give countenance and protection to the fishermen in their
legal rights.
By >Ir. FULLER, of Pennsylvania : The petition of A.
F. Russell, William Jenmson, and othei.-, of Montour
county, Pennsylvania, praying the passage of a hill to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Treasury to deposit with the
several State* the fourth installment ot the deposits ot the
public money to be made with said States by the act ap-
proved 23d June, 1836.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, August 28, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
THE LOBOS ISLANDS.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. M. P. Fillmore, his
Secretary, transmitting a further report from the
Secretary of State relative to the Lobos Islands,
accompanied by a copy of the orders of the Navy
Department to Commodore McCauley, which
was requested by a resolution of the Senate of the
9th instant.
The message was read and ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
PETITION.
Mr. CLEMENS presented the petition of John
S. Meldrum, praying indemnity for losses sus-
tained while sutler to the thirteenth regiment of
infantry during the late war with Mexico; which
was ortlered to he on the table.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the hill from the
House of Representatives making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending the 30th
June, 1853, reported back the same with sundry
amendments.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of the legal representatives of Jacques Clamorgn.n,
late of Missouri, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill for their relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading The report was ordered
to be printed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1853, to which various
amendments have been made by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. When we adjourned last
night, I said that I would examine the various
amendments for the purpose of excepting to such
as I thought would require a separate vote; but.
upon looking to the state of the business, 1 find
there will be no time for that. We will have to
trust to the House to revise our proceedings, and
object to such amendments as are improper. There
is one, however, which I wish to reserve for the
purpose of adding to it. That is the amendment
in relation to the insane asylum in this city. There
is a mistake which it is necessary to correct, in
relation to it. I hope the question will be taken
upon all the others together.
The amendments made, as in Committee of the
Whole, with the exception of the one alluded to,
were agreed to. i
The excepted amendment is as follows: |
To enable the Secretary ot the Intenor, undo the diree- !
tion of the Pi evident of the United State-, topureha-'e a^ite,
containing not less than ten, nor more than fifteen acres oi
land, in the neighborhood of Washington, tor the election,
furnishing, ami ntting up ol an asylum for the m-am, of the
District of Columbia, and of the Army and Navy of the
United States, $100,000: Provided, That the whole expense
of purchasing the ^ite, the electing and turni-hmg and
fitting up of the building shall not exceed the sum herein
appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend thatamend-
ment, by striking out the words u containing not
less than ten, nor more than fifteen acres of land,"
so as to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
purchase a site, instead of limiting the quantity of
land.
Mr. DAVIS. Will that answer the Senator's
purpose? A site will be only a building place,
whereas you want a large quantity of land.
Mr. HUNTER. It leaves it indefinite. It
leaves to the Secretary to select what quantity is
wanted.
Mr. WALKER. I would ask the Senator, if
he has in his mind any given quantity of land
which the officer has to purchase?
Mr. HUNTER. I will say, that the original ten
or fifteen acres was according to the estimate of the
Secretary of the Interior. Upon consultation with
other persons, and indeed with the Secretary him-
self, it was thought that that would not be enough;
that it would require about one hundred acres. 1
have thought, however, that it would be best to
leave the quantity indefinite. If the appropriation
is not limited in amount, he will only buy so much
as will be found to he necessary. He may not be
able to get one hundred acres—or more may be
wanted; but, however, I am willing, if the Senator
desires it, to say, " a site not exceeding one hun-
died acres."
Mr. BADGER. I think that had better not be
done. Suppose they could buy one hundred and
fifty acres for half the money, by going a little
further out*
Mr. HUNTER. Very well; I will, then, let it
stand as I first proposed it.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and theamendment as amended was concurred
in.
Mr. HAMLIN. There was an amendment
made to the bill increasing the salary of two of the
clerk* m the office of the Register of the Treasury
from f<,800 to $1,000. t[ The appropriation for the
Register of the Treasury, and the clerks, mes-
sengers, and assistant messengers in his office,"
is $30,400. The increase in the salary of the two
clerks will render it necessary to amend that sum
by making it $30,800. I move to amend that
clause of the bill by striking out " 400," and in-
serting " 800,"making the appropriation $30,800.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 wish to say, in relation to
this bill, that I hope there will not be many more
amendments offered. If there are, we shall be
obliged to vote against them, whether right or
wrong, because they will endanger the bill,
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to offer an
amendment which the Committee on Finance have
authorized. It is to insert m the bill—
For deliaymjjtlie evpoiises of suiveung and maikingthe
boundary ot the States of Missouri and Iowa, under the de-
cision and ordei of the Sup) erne Court, (jfll ,043 68.
I propose this with the permission of the Com-
mittee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT. Is there an estimate for it?
Mr. JONES. I was going to say so. The
appropriation was made at the last session of
Congress, and put in the civil and diplomatic bill,
but was struck out in the House on the objec-
tion of a Missouri member, who supposed that
the appropriation had already been made. The
estimate lias again been made by the Secretary
and approved by the Committee on Finance. The
appropriation is absolutely necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. R.USK". I oiler the following amendment
as an additional section:
i-ji.e. —. Jimf ht it jut thci emitted, That if A. ISoyd Ham-
ilton, the piesent contiactor for eveciitiny the printing of
the Senate and House of IleproaentatJv wshall file with the
Secretary of the Senate and the f"1 lei k ofthe Ilou^eot Hop.
rf^entativc,^, Ins written consent to rehnrjowh hi'- conti act
in terms, the said Secretary and Clerk, and the Clerk ut
the Punting Committee, are herebj authonzedto .settle up
hi-. accounts for all the work done, all the work ordered
now in hi-, hand-,, in proct;^ of completion, and all work
that may bo oidered by either the Senate or the House oi
Representatives prior to the assumption ot in* duties by the
public pimtei nndtii the act to execute tlio. public printing and
u sfulatmg the puce*, thereof, arid for othci purpo-o, nndei
the lates allowed by the aho\e-mentioned ait, deducting
thiii) pci cent Iront the prices of the paper named m the
s:ud act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, f desire to offer an amendment,
and call the attention of the Senator from Virginia
to it. It is to insert the following:
Foi compensation to the late MipeuniondtMrt of the new
eu-tom-hou-e at New Orleans foi hi- -eiviees from July
1st, Itfol, to January 1st, lbo'2, .^1.472.
The PRESIDENT. Ia that reported from a
committee'
Mr. BELL. No, sir; but I think it is more
legitimate than a thousand others which have been
offered and acted upon.
The PRESIDENT. Then it will not be in
order.
Mr. BELL. It provides for compensation to
an officer who acted after his term of office had
i expired. He did not cease to continue his ser-
