1556
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Juue 11,
Segal remedies, at his option, his alleged claim
under a patent; in other words, to give hiiti the
right to call upon a party who has no direct inter-
est in the manufacture, or who does not trade m
the article. Such a principle, I say, is dangerous.
And although the words " knowing them to have
been manufactured," may be inserted in the bill,
the liability to suit would still attach to every in-
dividual who might have the article in his posses-
sion; and in that mode a patentee who ought not
to be entitled to preference, might enforce his
claim.
Mr. ATCHISON. X wish to call the attention
of the Chair to the fact that the motion was to
suspend the rules for half an hour. I presume
that now carries the bill back precisely to the point
where it was taken up, and that no motion to dis-
pose of it, now that the time has expired, is neces-
sary.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that the hour of one o'clock having
arrived, the bill must lie over.
Mr. ATCHISON. Then I move that the rule
be suspended, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of Executive business.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will state, that
though the bill under consideration goes over,
strictly speaking, when the hour of one o'clock
arrives, yet he would prefer, for the sake of con-
venience in keeping the record upon the Journal,
that some proposition to dispose of it should be
made.
Mr. ATCHISON. Very well, then. I make
the motion that it be postponed till to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIVATE BILLS—EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. ATCHISON. I now renew my motion
that the rule which sets apart Friday for the con-
sideration of private bills, be suspended, for the
purpose of proceeding to the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator from Mis-
souri allow me to call up a private bill, to which,
I am sure, there can be no objection, and which
will lead to no debate > If it produces any debate,
1 will withdraw my motion.
Mr. ATCHISON. That bill cannot be con-
sidered now, even by unanimous consent, until
the rules are suspended.
Mr. SEWARD. Oh, yes, it can. This is pri-
vate bill day.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator from New York is
aware that, under the rule, no private bill can be
acted upon to-day to which anybody objects.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed
that that is not the case, and that private bills
generally can be acted upon, whether they lead to
objection or not.
Mr. PRATT. I certainly do hope that if the
Senate refuse to suspend the rules, they will not
go back to take up some particular bill out of i's
order, but that they will go on with the whole or
none. I really think we should go ont with the
Private Calendar. It is due to those who have
claims against the United States; and it is a cry-
ing evil that their claims have been so,long neg-
lected, and one of which our constituency have a
right to complain. The Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Atchisov] says that private claims ate to
give place to the public business. Now, I appre-
hend that the business for which the Senator de-
sires the postponement is very pressing, and of a
public character exclusively, m his estimation;
but I presume that if it were not for the private
interests involved in it, we should not have it
urged to the exclusion of theclaims of the c.iti/.ens.
I do hope the Senate will abide by the rule which
they have adopted, and will occupy this day in the
consideration of private business. I ask for the
yeas and nays on the question.
Mr. SEWARD. I believe I have the floor,
and under the circumstances of the case I-will
withdraw my request, and I am prepared to vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Missouri.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESDENT. The proposition is to sus-
pend the rule which requires the consideration of
private business on this day, to the exclusion of
all other business, and on that question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MANGUM. I would reiterate the re-
mark which I made some time since, that if we
pass over this day without considering; those mat-
ters in Executive session to which I have referred,
a very great loss will be sustained, because we
cannot consider them hereafter. I hope we shall
go into Executive session, if it be but for only
five minutes; and that if the Senate are prepared
to open the doors they can do so, and proceed to
the consideration of private bills. But my im-
pression is that the matter now pending in the
Executive session is one that involves great public
interests and necessarily includes private ones. I
think it is indispensable that we should go into
Executive session at least for a few minutes.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish only to say that I have
no objection to the motion made by the Senator
from Missouri, if we can have an understanding
that we will meet to-morrow and take up the bus-
iness assigned for to-day.
Mr. WALKER. You cannot do it.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me to be a crying evil
and an injustice, to neglect these private claims;
and, before we agree to suspend the rule which re-
quires us to consider them to-day, there should be
a strong reason for it. I do not understand the
Senator from Missouri that he expects to termi-
nate this treaty to-day, or in the course of two
weeks; or, at least, I suppose he does not expect
to get a ratification in less than two weeks. I do
think that, on every principle of justice, we should
go into the consideration of private bills. There
are claims which the Government owes to private
individuals, as honestly as any in the world, and
which are passed by from week to week. If we
could get through with the treaty to-day, I would
consent to the motion; but it is agreed oil all hands
that we cannot get through it in two weeks.
Mr. MANGUM. I will mention to the Sena-
tor from Michigan that it is desirable that a mo-
tion should he made in Executive session which
cannot be made after to-day.
Mr. PRATT. If the Senator from North Car-
, olina will permit me to suggest, I will propose to
! him that we -ro on with private bills untd near the
s usual houi of adjournment, and then go into Ex-
I ecutive session long enough to allow that all-im-
! portant motion to be made.
Mr. BELL. I will state, in relation to the matter
mentioned by the Senator from North Carolina,
[Mr. Mavgum,] that, though I am as much op-
posed to his object as any member of the Senate can
he, what he wishes to propose in Executive ses-
sion to-day is, m itself, amotion so fair and just in
regard to any gentleman who thought that the pub-
hcservice was likely to suffer, that I do not think
there would be the slightest difficulty in obtaining
the unanimous consentof the Senate to pass such a
motion. I am,however, opposed to entering-upon I
any important Executive business to-day, and
should prefer going oil with the Private Calendar.
| For this reason, I inform the Senator from North
I Carolina, [Mr. Mangum,] and the Senator from
I Missouri, [Mr. Atchison,] that, standing ill op-
position to their objects, as 1 expect, to do. 1 do
not consiiiei an objection to that motion justifiable
j in any Senator, at any time, or whenever it is
offered.
Mr. MANGUM. I was about to remark, when
I I yielded the floor, that I am well aware of the
! usual courtesy of the Senate, but I do not wish to
j l-ely on its unanimity; and gentlemen must re-
j] member that a single objection would prevent the
motion from being entertained.
I know that it will be impossible to obtain the
ratification of this treaty. It is not proposed to
effect it. Bat I hope that the Senate will, never-
theless, pass the motion to postpone the private
business, and that we will then go into Executive
that we will go into Executive session, that the
Senate will pursue the course we usually have pur-
sued, especially when a chairman of a committee
has suggested that it is desirable he should have a
matter acted upon. It is so in this instance, and
I trust the Senate will have confidence enough in
his judgment to sustain him.
Mr. ATCHISON. I made this motion because
I believed it to be my duty. The Senate are in
possession of all the facts, and can form their own
opinion as to the necessity of action, and speedy
action, as well as I can. I deemed it my duty to
make the motion; and whatever shall be the de-
cision of the Senate, of course I shall cheerfully
acquiesce in it, whether it be to proceed to ExScu-
, tive or other business. But I do not know what
proposition the Senatorfrom North Carolina may
make. There is a proposition now pending in
Executive session, which I expect to urge; and I
trust, if we go into Executive session now, we
shall make some progress, whether we act defi-
nitely on these 'treaties or not.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall vote for the motion to
suspend the rule in this case, because I understand
there is public business to be transacted in Exec-
utive session of great importance. As to the Pri-
vate Calendar, what will be the result if we take
it up? The first question which will come up, is
a motion to reconsider a vote by which a bill for
the relief of the Carmelite Nunnery was rejected;
a bill involving a question of some §45, and: in re-
gard to which the Senate has already expended a
considerable portion of one day. Thus it is pro-
posed to postpone business of a high order, for
the purpose of taking up a case wluch, if we may
judge of it by a former debate, will extend through
the whole day.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and re-
sulted—yeas 27, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Atchison, [Ii'.y.ud, Brooke, Clemens,
Oavi-, Dodire of IVwon^hi, Dodge of Iowa,
I)ou la*, Fclcli, Fool, Gcvor, Hale, Hamlin, Houston,
Hiintei. Jones ol' Iowa, Mangum, Sebastian, Seward,
Smith, Souh", Spruance, Stockton, Toucey, Underwood,
and Wade—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell, Bradbury, Bright, Brod-
head, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Chase, Dawson, James,
Km?, Mallory, Mason, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk,
Shields, Sumner, Upham, Walker, and Wel!er~93.
So the motion to suspend the rule was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness, and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened; and
The Senate adjourned to Monday next.
session.
Mr. HALE. I hope the Senate will adopt the
course suggested by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Atchison,] because we shall not onlymake
no progress, but lose the advantage of everything
we have done, if we chop in with private bills
before finishing the business before us in Execu-
tive session. I owe it as a matter of courtesy to
gentlemen who have made speeches on this sub-
feet in Executive session, to say—and I suppose,
Mr. President, there is no harm m saying that
Senators do make speeches in Executive session,
although We may not tell what they are about—
that those speeches are already growing very faint
upon my mind; and they will grow fainter; and if
we postpone the matter longer, I fear that I and
other gentlemen will forget all that has been said,
and it will all have to be gone over again. I hope
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jane 11, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
j The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
i The SPEAKER. The first business in order
I is the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee,
! [Mr. Jones,] to lay on the table the motion made
i toieconsider the vote by which House bill No. 271,
i granting the right of way and a portion of the
! public lands to the States of Alabama and Florida,
| for "the construction of certain railroads in said
| States, was laid upon the table.
' Mr. CARTTER. There is a bill nowlyingupon
' the Speaker's table which came from the Senate
' yesterday. It is Senate bill No. 470, to amend
! an act entitled " An act to promote the progress of
j the useful arts, and to repeal all acts and parts of
acts heretofore made for that purpose," approved
: July 4th, 1836; and also, " An act to provide addi-
! tional examiners in the Patent Office, and for other
j purposes," approved May 27th, 1848. If the
House are willing, I should like to take it up and
I put it upon its passage.
| The SPEAKER. Itcanonlybedonebyunan-
imons consent.
| Mr. DIMMICK. I object.
[ FLORIDA AND ALABAMA RAILROADS.
I Mr. VENABLE. I move a call of the Houses
i and upon that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
! The yeas and nays were ordered; and, the ques-
I tion being taken, resulted—yeas 67, nays 89.
I So a call of the House was not ordered.
| The question then recurred upon the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
