644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
sworn <(«««. I am «"< l>«re 111 omise awa>'tbe I"0' ;
vision-? of the Constitution." ,|
See with what sternness and consistency he .j
vindicates the rights and honor of the South. Not :]
content with defending his own position, he at- !
tacks the enemies of the South, as he supposed
them to be, who were willing to surrender her i
rights and honor. But he was not content to as-
sail the Senator from North Carolina alone. No, ;
sir; he turned upon the Senator from Mississippi i
[Mr. Poote] also, and portrayed his inconsistency i
exactly as I am doing now to him, [Mr. Clem- 1
ens.] He took all the speeches of the Senator |
front Mississippi, and convicted him of the grossest :
inconsistency, and as Mr. Foote understood him, 1
denounced him as a traitor. Previously, when i
cooperating in the great cause of the South to-
gether, he had paid a very high compliment to the
Senator from Mississippi, which I will read. He
and Mr. Poote had been attacked by some letter-
writers whilst standing forward as the gallant
leaders of the South. They were the Diomedes,
sir, in that contest, although we had a Ulysses,
and stood in the foremost rank of o#r combatants.
Oil the lltli of February, in the debate on the pe-
tition presented by Mr. Half, praying that the
Union should be dissolved, the Senator from Ala-
bama said:
■'But rocontly I noticed that pome small-fry politician,
whose name I do not icnirmbei-— some miaow in the waters
of Pennsylvania politic—electrified Ills hale auditoiv In-the
declaration that he had just a-= much ie -peet (or Wiluiot a<
lor ri,emfns or Footk. I'hope the Senator from Missis-
sippi will sui vivo thi-5 assault, and that he will not drown
hiuuclf m despair. I venture even to hope, that ho will not
he silenced by it. The youth has vet much need ot my
honoiahlc fnend. IIi-> gemu--. his talent5:, his eneigy, !u>
readiness to defend the uyht, hi--, fearles- denunciations ol
the wionjj, his unuvaled poweis of sarcasm and invective,
aie each and all lanuliar acquaintances, with which 1
Khould he \eiy unwUing to pari at a ci ids like the present. ^
Theie was n crisis occasional by the piete.i-
sions of the North to exclude us from all *>f our
. territory, and the^o Senators stood side by side,
denouncing Mr. Clay :md Mr. JIj-ktun, and all
those tn I lie South who were in favor of the ad-
mission of California into fhe Union, with her nnti-
slctvery constitution. Rut when Mr. Foote went
for flie admission of California, and supported the
report of the Committee of Thirteen, the Senator
from Alabama stood out against him manfully, ,
and arraigned his consistency. If f had known
of these speeches when Mr. Foote assailed me the i
other day, f might have read them as mv best
defence, for then I should have better shown his '
inconsistency and treachery. The Senator from 1
Alabama denounced the compromise as a <£ shame-
less surrender," not a compromise, and the dis-
memberment of Texas, which it proposes, in the
following strain:
It 15 well ihe Senator [Mi. Foote] infoitued us that he
had no iciMid ior consistency."
When a man says he has no regard for con-
sisieucy,if is \ ery much like what Dogheny says
of wilting himself down an ass. There may be a
want of consistency, perhaps, without- fault; but
to say thnfr he does not regard consistency, is a
proof of gross moral deficiency:
" Tie propose*, now to out ot! ten degieos of latitude fiorn
the State ol Te\a<—enough for thiee free Stales—which
we have his authonrj toi saying will be infallibly suhjertm
the Wilmot proviso. II«> pmpo.ci, further, to tax lis ten or
fifteen millions of dollars mr tne pririteicr of makim* them
free States, and at!.line to the va>l power nor/ tlneatemng
to ciu-li u^; and then. l>v way of adding the iiio.n gullin<>
insult to the deepest injury, he demand-- that we accept tlu-
ontra*e a" compensation foi the .ulmi--ir.ii of California."
He denounced also the admission of California,
and shows Mr. Foofe's inconsistency on this
point; and in replv to cert'un leffer-v/nters, who
had said that Mr. Footers national regulation would
not allow him to be ultra, ne observes, as follows:
k' It may not he amiss, i'ovvevei. to sn\ a few woid- of
this thai" called national imputation, it is something 1
value very hghiiv. We all know a process bv whirl) any
of us may r-eeure it. It is not even hevond mv gui.-p. I
should oulj have to turn traits to mv eotivicrio'ns oi uutv,
and abandon the i?i?eiesf< of the South, to chang" entneiv i
the note* of that whole pnek of curs who aie now yelpm^
at my hceR s$u.! want no na'mnal i eputation, purchased
at siwh a puce. [ - pmn n, ^ ] would an\ othe  ioul and
loathsome thim;.'"
It is not at all surprising that Mr. Foote should
consider the above language as charging him with >
being a traitor. In conclusion, he sneaks in the '
following strain of Mr. Foote, and his position,
that we shouxd take the compromise as the best '
we could get: '
" I have now ahemn that every feature of this eommo-
mise when taken separately has met the strong and decided
disapproval of the Senator from Mississippi. What heal-
ing virtue there U in tacking tliem all toother, I confess
myself wholly unable to comprehend. Notion^ since ho
declared that the admission of California would dissolve th* 
Union in six months.
{l A few more words, Mr. President, and I am done. T
am told I ought to take this bill because it is the best I can
get. Sir, I do not know that; but if 1 did, the same argu-
ment might be urged with equal force in favor of uncon-
ditional submission to any wrong ever perpetrated by the
strong against the weak. Good God, sir! has it come to
this, that an American Senator is to ask himself not whether
a mensine is unjust, iniquitous, and oppressive, hut whether
it is the best he can do ? Not whether he will consent to
wear chains at all, but whether the links are to be round or
square ? Not whether he will bai e his shoulders, to ihe lash,
but what is the color of the cow-hide with which they a re to
be inflicted ? Sir, when I consent to ask myself such ques-
tions, I hope the walls of this Capitol will tall upon me and
crush me. When I stop to inquire into the decree of op-
pression, rather thnn the fu<t> 1 shall feel that degradation
; lias reached it* lowest deep, and existence is butthepuvi-
| lege to he infamous.''
This is proud and noble language, worthy of a
true Southern man and a Southern Senator, on
the great question whether the people of the South
were to be turned out of a domain richer than
Ormus or the Ind. Alas! where is he now?
Upon his charging upon Mr. Foote his inconsist-
encies, and virtually calling him a traitor worthy
to havp the Capitol crush him as a base, vile thing,
unworthy to live and scarcely to die, Mr. Foote,
with his usual adroitness, turned round nnd
charged him with abolition affinities, precisely as
he [Mr. Clemexs] did towards me the other day,
when he drew his picture of the scene in the Sen-
ate Chamber. Now, here is his answer to Mr.
Poote, which 1 will give as the best answer I can
make to his charges against me:
j £  The Senator sav> he will not respert the propuetv of
• his course until he finds hinisclfin eoinpam with Free Soil-
1 errand Abolitionist-'. Ah, sir, i< that the lule by which he
i judge«- o<'the rmht and wrunu ? Doe*- he pmpose to inquire
i who i-> toi a niea-me and who apaui-t it. before m:t\uu up
j hif-miiid a^ to it- pe'tjce? Sir. he ouulu to hear in muni.
I that -one ot those \v ith whom he is now aeiing ;tte not al-
| loijethei fr<'C from the -Mine Mini. 1 [ may, ii w ill he, that on
tli.  nnal \ ole 1 shall find myself i-i rompanv with <oine of
j tlio^e he has mentioned ; but if lie does not undei-'tand ihe
• ic.ison, Ira'i explain it to turn m a \ ery few woids. Tljev de-
[ tn.ind the ^Vilmot piovi.so dncct: the lull the Senator favoi--
j only propose- to cive it to flicni coveitlv. They demand one
I halt of Te\:i*; and tlu* bill only aives them a hul; rnn;e
, than one thud. They demand "tint fu^nives shall not he
j '.riven up: the compromise on!j tlnoAv- aiound the ma tei
I ihe shackles of a tr'al by juiv. Ileuee then* opposition.
Mine ari^e- Iroin the tact that too much eoncotled. The
i Abnlitiuinxth piojio.sCs to cu^hn-e nt oiur ; the compio-
| )ni«e aiiivc-: at tiie seme end by a moie ciremfou-. route. I
| shall resist both; hut, if the tiuth mu<tbeto!d. Inrelertlie
direct to the indirect attack."
Mr. President, when the bill admitting Califor-
nia into the Union finally came up on its passage,
the Senator from Alabama enteied a protest, not
a speech; he called it a protest ogamst her admis-
sion. He fought to the last, and although van-
quished , he held his proud crest still higher, breath-
ing defj.mce to our foes. He then reiterated his
objections to the bill as strongly os he had done
before, and assailed the Senator from Michigan
for his new doctrine of squatter sovereignty in
terms of great severity, and told him lie had been
deceived ns to h.s views in Alabama, nnd had been
the instrument of deceiving others. Hehnd sup-
ported his views in his construction of the Nichol-
son letter as consistent with the rights of the
South. lie concluded in the following solemn
strain:
£5 Mi. Pi evident, othci Senatois have spoken of the piob-
ahle action or the* States they represent upon the parage of
tln.s bill. I do not know what Alabama may do. That hei
action will be chaiacten/.ed by wisdom and firmness, t have
nor the lea.-t doubt. I am not here to dictate to her what
she ouuht to do 1 am the servant, not the leader oi hm
! people. Whatever they do. [ «hall do ui despite ol Evcen-
| nve menaces, and "full the ttijothf 'phturrs other /wn-.h
'I may evhibit to out view. Horn upon the <Oil ot the State
'i white it wa- vet a Territory, we nave <riown up together,
" Time auei Unie >he has committed Inn interests' to mv
| hrt'td-, A;;oui and again --he ha- trusted nnd promoted me';
; and f rcco^mze ijo allemancc to any power higher than r
' owe to her. When *Le commands, I will oiicy It she
| dereii.une-- to rc-i.-t this law /• / force, by sce^iSn, />?/ any
,rr>.I am at her servie^. in whatever capacity qhe de-
; reto empfov me. If this is treason, I am a trailer—a
■ traitor who gJone- m the name."
j Is not that in a noble strain? I have no doubt
I that there is not a heart here which does not glow
( at this high and brilliant annunciation of self-sac-
i rifice and devotion to his name State. He con-
; tinues:
! " f know, sir, that the President, in lu=s late lettei to the
I Governor of Texas, has assumed the right of the Govern-
j ment to coeice a sovereign State. T deny that there is any-
i thing in the Constitution—anything in the laws—to justify
such an assumption. The law is plain and clear—indi-
viduals, not States, are the subjects of ooeichm. Ii any
State should secede, let him, if lie dare, attempt to emplo>
military force to compel h r return. He will soon find, m
that event, that he has moie than a State to deal with, and
that the powers and resources of this Government are
wholly inadequate to the tasks he has undertaken. The
Federal doctrine, that all power lodges here, has been some-
what widely repudiated; and the denial of State sovereign-
ty, either North or South, can bring to the Executh e noth-
ing but
Mark how he speaks of State sovereignty—that
to deny State sovereignty, can bring nothing,
either in the North or the South, but coniempt.
1 will afterwards show you that he denies that
the States are sovereign at all, in the speech deliv-
ered here the other day. He continues:
" I hold that my first allesianre is due to nn Stn'c ; and
that treason ranno't be committed against avy while
obeying Iter mandates. Such opinions have reccnih h-Hm
unsparingly denounced ; hut let me warn tho^e w!,o revolt
to such weapons, that they may be used by inoie th in one
side. There, arc more trailon than tn'iton to the
Union.'*
There are more traitors *han traitors to the
Union ' He means, I suppose, that those South-
ern men who supported these compromise meas-
ures on this floor, and asserted that if a State
should secede, it was treason—were traitors them-
selves. Mr. Clay had made this assertion, and
even expressed the hope that they (the secession-
ists) might meet a traitor's doom. It was in reply
to that position, I presume, that the Senator from
Alabama uses this language:
u Sir, I impugn no man's motives who lets mine alone.
1 question the purity of no man's conduct, who does not
provoke retaliation bv assailing others; but when men in-
timate that obedience to the mandates of my State 16 trea-
son, they must expect to hear in letum that, in my opinion,
there are those in tins land, and about this Capitol, who
I would sell their souls to Satan for the puvilegeot having a
! hand in piesident-makmg, cabinet-making, nnd the Mib-
sequent distribution of the public offices. The.c a>c those
who would sell then Savioui.weic he again upon eaith.
ior half the puce that Judas accepted to h"tta\ him.
"■ Denunciations, sir, aie weapons that two can u-e. and u
any one expect? to employ them against tne \\ ith impunity,
he miscalculates sadly the eharactei of the man he u-suils.
1 have said all I think, it necessary to say. f did noi
mean to aigue 1he bill here. I «hall, if necessary, aryue it
at home
Sir, he did argue it at home. He bccame a sub-
mifcsioniRt, and did ail he could in his State to queil
the proud spirit of resistance he himself had con-
tributed to raise in Alabama. After all these brave
and sounding words and fiery resolves, he repeats
the course he had pursued in Alabamn, and here
in the Senate advocates the compromise from
beginning to end—goes for submission utter and
entire—and denounces those who will not fuUow
his downward path in submission as traitors.
He at first denounced on this floor those who
went for the compromise as traitors, whilst lie held
forth defying resistance; now, he wheels round
and denounces those who propose only to fol-
low his brave counsels of resistance ns tra'tnrs,
because they will not bow to an ignominious sur-
render—to a gross outrage, as he chnractenzes it,
they are traitors. What can censure from such
a man be worth? In denouncing others, he but
denounces himself, nnd stands forth self-convicted.
I come now to the speech delivered here the
other day, the last in my series of proof. T will
show you what Mr. Jerry Clcmlns, Senator
from Alabama, is, in December, 1851. I hnve
read to you the first paragraph of his speech. In
i a subsequent part he approves the whole conipro-
j mise. He says:
"Wr. Presidenf.it was- not mvfoitumMo agicc with those
. patriotic men who framed the compromise. ~ I doubted its
■ healing efFect>; but even when diffenui from them. I re-
! ^i'-cied then mom es, and felt that Rome, m its ptoud*">t
, dav. never assembled a Senate of loftier intellect or purer
pruiiotisin."
. Why, I thought he had denounced those Sen-
ators who voted for the compromise ns men who
■ would sell their souls to Satan for office—who
, would sell their Saviour for half the price Judos
received. He continues:
'' Hut now, sir, when the woik is accomplished, ami its
good effects arc visible c\eryvvheie, i bow to their t-npenor
wisdom, ar.d a^k onl\ the h./mble pmiles;c of agisting to
maintain it.'*
It is indeed an humble privilege.*' Tn mv es-
timation, rather than make the speech which "pro-
claims it, the Senator from Alabama had better,
like Cranmer, have put his hand into the flames
, and have it burnt to ashes.
; He formally denounced the admission of Cali-
, forma as unconstitutional. In this sneech he now
