1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2421
amount set forth as the expenses of the individual
sent to Europe, corresponds with the amount
here in those vouchers, and I say they contain
the expenses of parties of individuals of five or six.
In one instance, in Liverpool, there is a charge for
*£10, which includes a bill for the expenses of a
young; lady, and a wine bill. These are small
matters, but they are characteristic of this whole
proceeding. This individual was sent there with-
out authority, and his expenses were paid for him,
but the charges have been rejected at the Treas-
ury.
The money has, however, been paid out of the
contingent fund. Here are the vouchers. It
amounts to between $1,400 and $1,500. It is
a small amount, to be sure, but when we con-
sider the extraordinary expenditure of $208,000
for clerk hire, $3,000 for house-rent, and about
$3,000 for furniture, we shall come to the conclu-
sion that it is time to look into it; especially as
there is now an unexpended balance of appropri-
ation of $75,000. With that amount tney can
afford to wait until the next meeting of Congress,
in December. That is my view, and upon that
I moved to strike out the appropriation* The
Senate struck it out, and this morning concurred
in it; and now the Senator from North Carolina
avoids the question of orderby reducingtheamount
$1,000. That may be strictly according to the
rules of order, but I apprehend it is technical.
Bat it remains for the Senate to say whether they
will sustain it.
Mr. M ANGUiVL I mean not to enter into this
debate at all. I do notdesire to enter into disputes
between individuals. 1 have simply to bring the
naked fact before the Senate, which I have done,
under the authority of a responsible person—that
the forces of the Census Bureau must be dis-
charged, unless an appropriation like this be made.
"Without knowing whether the fact is so or not,
I do not undertake to vouch it. I bring it before
the Senate upon responsible authority, and I de-
sire the yeas and nays upon my amendment. If
gentlemen think proper to refuse the appropriation
let the responsibility rest upon them.
Mr. RUSK. 1 desire simply to state the reason
that influenced me last night in voting to strike this
amendment out, and which will influence my vote
now—unless the objection be removed—against
putting it in here. Senators will remember that in
addition to the statistics which were collected by
the Census Bureau, they have gone on, as many of
us believe, beyond the law, to write histories of
particular States. A history of one State was
laid upon our tables. I have understood that not-
withstanding there is a report upon the Secretary's
table against the publication of these histories of
States, that matter is still going on. I have heard
eo from a Senator who said he had his information
from a gentleman who is engaged in writing the
history of some State. Having this fact before
me, unless I am satisfied it is not so, I cannot vote
for the appropriation. It is accumulating a mass
of unnecessary matter. I do not believe that the
office have the means of accurately writing the
history of a State. If they insist upon publish-
ing these histories, they will be squandering a
large amount of money in doing no good.
Mr. PRATT. I shall vote for this amendment.
The Department, I understand, has recommended
an appropriation much larger than that for the
completion of the census. The Department is
responsible to the public for the necessity of that
expenditure. We have already expended, as the
Senator from Arkansas says, more than a million
of dollars in the preliminary steps by which this
census is to be given to the public. A great deal
of labor is yet npcessary to perfect it, so that it
may be sent to the people. Now, are we to stop
this work, after the expenditure of more than a
million of dollars, because the man who has charge
of it is obnoxious to some Senators? Are we to
go against the recommendation of the Department
and stop this work, or run any risk of having
stopped this important work, in which the people
are certainly interested, upon which we have ex-
pended so much money, because this man happens
to have offended my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] or my honorable friend
from Arkansas, [Mr. Borland,] or some other
person ? It seems to me, that if he be an improper
man—{ Care nothing for him—the proper way
would be to get rid of him. If he acts improperly,
let us demand his dismissal; but do not let us stop
the appropriation for the printing and completion
of the census. I know nothing about this officer.
I do not know that he is an improper one. 1 do
not mean to charge him with acting improperly.
But it is manifestly wrong that we should run the
risk of having this work stopped for the want of
an appropriation of $49,000. It was said last night
that there were $75,000 remaining of the appro-
priation for the census. I know nothing of that.
We have no means of ascertaining it. On the
contrary, I this morning received from the gentle-
man at the head of the work a letter, in which he
states, that if the appropriation is not passed,
every single workman in the Department under
his control, now preparing the census for publica-
tion, will have to be dismissed. I give that for
what it is worth.
Ih reference to the question of the Senator from
Texas, I know nothing; but I take it for granted
that it cannot be so. This man is acting only as
the agent of the Department, and I take it for
granted that the Secretary of the Interior, under
whose control this office is, would not suffer the
public money to be squandered in the preparation
of a history which the unanimous report of a
committee of the Senate says ought not to be pub-
lished. I do not believe, therefore, that these his-
tories are being prepared. I know nothing, how-
ever, about the matter. But if the person at the
head of the Census is an improper person, let us
ask that he be dismissed. But do not let us injure
the public service for the want of an appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state m relation to this
matter, that the estimate of the Department was
for $150,000; the House reduced it to $50,000,
and the Committee on Finance left it where the
House put it. In relation to the balance on hand,
it appears by the papers which accompanied the
bill from the House, that there were $71,000 on
hand.
Mr. PEARCE. It is due to the Superintendent
of the Census, that 1 should make an explanation
of a matter in regard to which the Senator from
Arkansas has manifestly fallen into an error, which
error may extend throughout other members of
the Senate, if this explanation be not given. The
paper which the Senator has, is a list of vouchers.
It does not pretend to be the account of the party
admitted by the accounting office? s. I understand
the facts, in regard to those vouchers, to be these:
The expenses of the Superintendent while on the
tour were about $1,400. When he returned, he
was not only called upon for his account, but for
the vouchers. He was traveling in Europe with
several ladies under his charge. When he was
about to leave a hotel, and went to pay the bill, of
course he paid the bill for the whole party. He
did not take separate vouchers. It would not
have been possible for him to have taken separate
vouchers for his own expenditures. He took re-
ceipts from them for the expenses of the whole
party; and now he does not ask that the whole
bill should be paid to him. But when he is called
upon to render up his vouchers, he says: Here are
all the receipts I have received; you will perceive
they include the expenses of the whole party; 1
cannot separate them; if you insist upon having
them, you must take them as they are; but you
will not allow them all; you will allow only those
which are properly chargeable to me. That this
is the case, is manifest, because in a party of six
persons traveling in Europe for several months,
the whole bill would not be as small as $1,400.
Do you believe that a party of six persons travel-
ing in Europe for several months, could do so at
that expense? That would be less than $240 each.
Mr. BORLAND. I did not state that such was
the fact. I stated that there were accounts for the
entertainment of himself and his party of five or
six persons at different places—not that they were
all the whiie with him. For instance, at Liver-
pool there is a charge, in a single instance, of <€10,
or $50. In some places there are charges for six
persons; in others, for five; and in one place there
is a bill for the expense of a young lady who was
under his charge. The account of the Superin-
tendent is now m the hands of the printer of the
Senate, and it is certified to by himself, the amount
being $1,439. The basis of that account, fur-
nishing the items, is the vouchers in the Fifth
Auditor's office. I have an abstract of them, and
they amount to thirteen hundred and some odd
dollars—not as much as the account is. He ex-
pended more money than his vouchers show.
The vouchers were given in to sustain his account.
So far from the vouchers showing more than what
he got and expended, they fall short of the account
stated by himself. It is stated there, in the note,
that there are some vouchers, the precise amount
of which is not known.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 have no doubt of it. But
what is the explanation ? A man who is travel-
ing in Europe does not get a receipt for everything.
When he pays his passage on a railroad, for in-
stance, he charges that himself; and it is not cus-
tomary even to take receipts at hotels. This gen-
tleman appears occasionally to have taken receipts,
and when he did so, he took them for the whole
party. But when he is called upon by our very
particular Comptroller for every voucher, he is
obliged to give m the identical papers. He gives
in the papers, which give the whole bill—so much
for the party; but he never did ask, he never in-
tended to ask, that the account should be allowed
for the money expended for the whole party.
When called upon, he had to exhibit every voucher,
although it was not his intention, at the same time,
to charge for the expenses of the individuals who
were along with him; and that this is the case is
manifest, because his whole claim is but $1,400;
whereas, agentleman could not travel with a party
of half a dozen ladies without paying half a dozen
times that amount. I think that is a sufficient ex-
planation. The paper which the Senator had is
not an official statement of his account, but is a
list of the vouchers, made out by some person
who happens to be one of the accounting officers.
It is a mere statement of the different vouchers—
what the amount of them is—but it is not stated
how much is charged as due to him for his ex-
penditures.
Mr. BORLAND. As the Senator says this is
not an official paper, I will state how I got it.
The First Comptroller addressed me a letter, con-
taining one from the Secretary of the Interior, re-
questing me, as the mover of the resolution of in-
quiry on this subject, to call upon him to inform
him if a statement of the account of the returns
and vouchers would not be sufficient to answer
the purpose of the resolution, without the vouch-
ers themselves, as they were in foreign languages;
and, in order to enable me to answer the question,
whether I thought the statement of the account
would answer in place of the vouchers themselves,
he sent me an abstract from the Fifth Auditor's
Office, to show what the vouchers were, and their
amounts. It was upon that that I based the sec-
ond resolution which I introduced, authorizing the
Secretary to send the account instead of the vouch-
ers. "Was not this an official paper? It came
with the letter of the Secretary of the Interior ask-
ing this intelligence, because it would be trouble-
some to give the vouchers. It is a statement of
the account, and corresponds, as far as it goes,
with the statement of the Superintending Clerk,
although his account contains $100 more than the
vouchers. So all the vouchers are included in
what is paid, and a balance is left unaccounted for
of $100. Therefore, instead of being able to strike
out any of the vouchers, the account overgoes the
vouchers $100.
If the Senator from Maryland wishes to resume
his remarks, I have done; but if he has concluded,
I will reply to a remark made by his colleague,
[Mr. Pratt.]
As to the question, whether this business should
go on or not, I can answer it with great confidence.
The statement of a single fact will ghow, conclu-
sively, that this compilation of statistics of every
kind, including the histories and all, is now going
on. If that were not. the case, I would ask why
are one hundred and forty clerks employed ?
What can they be doing? The Census of 1840
required but twenty, at an expense of $66,000.
Here, we have had nearly two hundred at one
time, and now there are one hundred and forty.
They have already been paid $208,000; and, as
the chairman of the Committee on Finance says,
when an estimate was sent into Congress, at this
session, for $150,000 more, it was stated that there
was a balance of $71,000 on hand. I have learned
from the Treasury Department that there are about
$75,000 on hand. I ask if these voluminous sta-
tistics, histonesand all, are notincluded in what is
going on with these one hundred and forty elerksj?
What can they want with more than $70,000 until
the next meeting of Congress? The fact that the
amount is asked for, is an answer, I think, con-
