1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155?
Mr. VENABLE. Will the Chair state to the
House the precise condition of the question?
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the House laid
upon the table the bill proposing to grant lands
to the States of Afabama and Florida, for the con-
struction of certain railroads. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] moved to recon-
sider that vote, and the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Jones] moves to lay that motion on
the table. The question, therefore, now is, "Shall
the motion to reconsider lie upon the table?" and
upon that the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I respectfully ask
the unanimous consent of the House for only five
minutes, to make an explanation with regard to
this bill.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I object to that, unless
some other gentleman be also allowed five minutes
to reply.
Mr. WALSH. Then I move that the gentle-
man from Connecticut be also allowed five min-
utes.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in or-
der. The gentleman can proceed only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. I5EALE. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to allow the gentleman
from Florida [Mr. Cabell] five minutes, and the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Cleveland]
five minutes also. It will only take ten minutes.
Mr. McNAIR. There are other gentlemen
who wish to speak upon this bill too. I object.
The question was then taken; and the result
was—yeas 88, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aiken, Charles Allen, Allison, John
Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcock, David J. Bailey, Bar-
rere, Beule, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocook, Bowne, John II.
Boyd, Breckinridge, George H. Brown, Bushy, Oaskie,
Chandler, Chastaln, ChiirehweIi,CIeveiai)d,CoIcock,CuI-
lom, Curtis, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Dnnmick, Dunham,
Edmundson. Faulkner, Fowler, Gamble. Giddings, Goode-
now,Grey, Hamilton, Hammond, Is-lmmG. Harris, Hascall,
Hibbard, Hillyer, Ffoiiaday, Horsfoid, T. M. Howe, T. Y.
How, Ingersoll, Ives. Andrew Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J Glancy Jones, George G. King, Pies-
ton King, Kurtz. Letcher. Martin, Mason, McDonald, Mc-
Lanahati, Millson, Moriison, Murphy, Newton, Andrew
Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Pea^leo, Powell, Riddle, Bob-
bins, Robie, Ross, Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Skel-
ton, Smart, Snow, Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens,
Sutherland, Sweetser, Venable, Walbridge, Wallace,
Washburn, Wells, and Wildrick—8fi.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Bell, Bragg, Brenton, Brigg?, HjooKs, Albert G.
Brown, Burrows, E. Cairmgton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Oarttcr, Chapman, Clark,
Clingman, Cobb, Conger, Cottman, George T. Davis, John
G. Davis, Disney, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Edgerton,
Ewing, Ficklin. Freeman, Gentry, Gorman, Hall, Harper,
Haven, Hendricks, Henn, Houston, Howard, J. W. Howe,
Hunter, Jackson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robeit
W. Johnson, Kuhns, Landry, Lockhart, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McNair, Miller, Molonv, Henry D. Moore, John
Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker,
Penniman, Phelps, Porter, Rantoul, Richardson, Robinson,
Schermerhorn, Scarry, Smith, Stanly. Benjamin Stanton,
Frederick P. Sfanton. Abr'm P. Stephens, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stuart, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston,
Toombs, Townshend, Walsh,'Ward, Watkm", Welch, Ad-
disonHVhite, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and
Yates—89.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid upon
the table.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will not the
Speaker's vote change the result?
The SPEAKER. The vote of the Speaker
would not change the result. His vote might
make a tie; and the motion would then fail, as it
now does. i
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire of the Speaker,
if a motion to postpone the further consideration
of this matter for two weeks is m order?
The SPEAKER. It could only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. ORR. Would it be in order to make that
motion, if the motion to reconsider should prevail,
and so bring the bill again before the House ?
The SPEAKER, it will then be in order to
move to postpone its further consideration to a
day certain.
Mr. ORR. Then, if the motion to reconsider
prevails, I propose to make that motion.
Mr. CABELL. Asa friend of this bill, I shall,
if the motion to reconsider prevail, vote for and
desire its postponement for two weeks.
Mr. VENABLE. Is trio question to reconsider
debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The question is
to reconsider a vote by which the bill was laid
upon the table; and that motion is not debatable.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CABELL. Do I understand that if the
House decide to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was laid upon the table, it will then be in order
to move to postpone to a day certain ?
The SPEAKER. There is no doubt that the
motion will then be in order. When the bill is
before the House, it will then be competent for
the House to postpone its consideration.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and, being
! taken, the result was—yeas 10], nays 86; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abcrevombie, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Hell, Bowne, Brags, Brenton, Hriggs, Brooks,
Albert <>. Brown, George H. BiOwn, Burrows, Jv Carring-
ton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cling-
man, Cobb, Conner, Coliman, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Doekerv, Doty, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman, Bdger-
ton, Evans, Kwing, FieKhn, Florence, Freeman, Gentry,
Goodenow, Gorman, Hall, Harper, Sampson W. Harris,
TIaws, Haven, Hendricks, Ilelin, Howard, -Ino. W. (Iowe.
Jackson, James Johnson, John Johnson, ltolieit W. John-
son, Ivuhns, Landry, Lockhart, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McNair, Miller, Molony, Henry J). Moore, John
Moore, Morehead, Nabers, Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker,
Penniman, Phelps, Potter, Price, feantoul, Richardson,
Robinson, Schernieihorn, Schoolcraft, Seuddei, Scurry,
Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick" 1'. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens. Sirother,
Stuart, Taylor, Thurston, 7'oombs, Townshend, Walbiidce,
Walsh, Ward, Watkins, Welch, Addison White, Alexan-
der White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—101.
N A V —Messrs. Aiken. Cbarle-, Allen, Allison, John Ap-
pleton, Ashe, Averett, Babcock, David J. Bailey, liarrere,
Beale, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock. John H. Boyd, Breck-
inridge, Busbv, Caskie, Ohastairt. Chlireluvell, Cleveland,
Colcock, Culloin, Cuius, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Dim-
tniek, Dunham, Edmundson, Faulkner, Fowler, Gamble,,
CidduljTs, Gilmoro, Goodrich, Grey, Hamilton. Hammond!
Isltam G. Harris, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holhtday, Hoisfoid,
Houston, Gliomas M. Howe, Thomas Y. How. rwrersoll,
Ives, Andrew Johnson, Daniel T.Jones, Geo. W. Jones,
J. Glaney Jones, George G. King, Pre-ton King, lvurtz,
Letcher, Martin. Mason, McDonald, Mcf.nnalnn, Meneh-
am, Meade, Millsou, Newton, Andrew Parker, Peaslee.
Powell, ltiddle, Bobbins, Rolne, itoss, iSehooiinuiker, Da-
vid L. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Sumv. Richaid H. Mi,ni-
ton, Thaddeus Stevens, Sutherland, Bweetser, George W.
Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Washburn, Wells, and
Wildrick—86.
So the House agreed to reconsider the vote by
which the bill wits laid upon the table.
The question tfTferi recurred upon the motion to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. CABELL. I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed till this day two
weeks.
The SPEAKER. It will not be competent for
the gentleman to make that motion until the mo-
tion to lay on the table is disposed of, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Has the morn-
ing; hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then [ move to proceed
to the consideration of the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. MEADE. I ask the consent of the House
for only five minutes, to present the resolution
which i hold in my hand from the Legislature of
the State of Virginia.
Mr. ORR. It will not be in order to proceed
to any other business until the House decide by
a vote to go to the busincsson theSpeaker's table.
The SPEAKER. But the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Meade] asks the unanimous consent
of the House to lay before it certain resolutions
from the Legislature of the State of Virginia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the gentleman fro in
Georgia [Mr. Stephens] to allow me to report
back from the Committee on Ways and Means
the deficiency bill, with the amendments of the
Senate, in order that it may go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DEAN. I object.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I would inquire
of the Chair if the pending motion upon the Flor- jj
ida railroad bill, provided the motion to lay on the
tabie be voted down, is not to recommit?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. There is no motion to recom-
mit the bill pending. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] made that motion, but after-
wards withdrew it.
The SPEAKER. That gentleman has since
renewed the motion.
Mr. DEAN. When?
' The SPEAKER. Yesterday.
Mr. JONES. How could he do it after I had
moved to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. He did it before Jie had re-
sumed his seat. He first withdrew the motion to
recommit, and offered a substituterand then moved
again to recommit.
Mr. JONES. Was the previous question with-
drawn ?
The SPEAKER. It was demanded, but the
demand was afterwards withdrawn.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to go to the business upon theSpeaker's table, and
carried in the affirmative.
Mr. MEACHAM moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
(Mr. Richardson in the chair.)
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the first question
'under consideration was House bill No. 43, ma-
i king appropriations for the Indian Department,
: upon which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
1 [Mr. Stevens] was entitled to the floor.
| Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, remarked
I that he had nothing to say which would bepartic-
1 ulaiiy interesting to the committee, after the excit-
ing debate of the last two weeks; for he had no
remarks to make in relation to the Presidency.
! Indeed, with them there was no occasion for it;
for among all true Whigs there was perfect har-
mony and entire unanimity. Although he felt
solely distressed at the unhappy difficulties and
dissensions which had destroyed the Democratic
party, [laughter,] yet it would be impertinent for
him to interfere. Nor need he say anything in
reference to that very select and highly respectable
body of gentlemen who denominated themselves
the " Union party;" for, although they started
with elevated pretensions and considerable eclat,
they met an early grave. Engendered in a whirl-
wind of their own creation, the Union party van-
ished with the elements which gave it birth; and
although they had lately seen its ghost limping
across this Hall, in the honored and agreeable
shade of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Williams,] with certain uneasy attendants, yet
its corpus was in the tomb; and, admonished by
the charitable injunction, JVii mortuis nisi bonum,
he desired to pass by this party with the pro-
foundest silence.
He then touched upon questions relative to the
various land bills which had been reported by,and
the legions which were yet in, the hands of the
Committee on the Public Lands, and incidentally
discussed the protective tariff. He said that the
bills from the Committee on Public Lands neces-
sarily raised the question both of the right and
policy of the General Government to dispose of
the public lands. The right was expressly given
by the Constitution, and therefore ought to be un-
questioned; but the object to which they should
be appropriated seemed to him necessarily to de-
pend upon the nature of the title. The Govern-
ment did not hold these lands by any uncondi-
tional fee simple, but simply as a trustee, to
execute the terms of the grant for the benefit of
,ill the States. When they distributed grants of
land to one State, they were bound by the terms
of the grant to grant an equal proportion to the
other States, according to trieir representation in
this body; and he would thank any gentleman
who was claiming to give away these lands by the
million to show him any authority in the Consti-
tution of the United States for so doing. Mr. S.
then argued this point at length, and in conclusion
gave his views on the tariff, advocating protection
to American industry. [His speech is published
in the. Appendix.]
Mr. RANTOUL, after briefly alluding to the
arguments of Messrs. Meacham, and Stevens of
Pennsylvania, in relation to the tariff, remarked
that a great deal had been said denunciatory of
agitators by gentlemen from the South. The cry
was, Cease this agitation and quiet the Union.
Now, if gentlemen desired to arrest agitation, why
