1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
did they not cease it themselves? He and his
friends had made no agitation. Hehad not opened
his mouth in the House in any allusionto the sub-
ject of slavery, except in reply to a direct attack
upon him, and again and again had he suffered
such attacks, but he had allowed them to pass
■without notice. Still the cry of agitation came
from another quarter, and was directed at him and
those who entertained the same opinions as him-
self. After sitting quietly so long, he had at last
been singled out in such manner that he could not,
as a man of honor, remain silent any longer, with-
out an imputation of cowardice, and he would
deserve it if he should attempt to avoid the issue
presented to him.
Having been sent to the Baltimore Convention
by the largest district Democratic convention held
for many years, regularly called according to the
usages of the last twenty-five or thirty years, to
represent five thousand Democrats, the Convention
thought proper to disfranchise his district—the
only Democratic one in Massachusetts—thereby
insulting not merely his district, but the sovereign
State of Massachusetts, which, by this proceed-
ing, was shorn of its proportionate share of rep-
resentation in the Convention. He would ask
whether any one Democrat in the State of Mas-
sachusetts was under any obligation growing out
of any proceeding of the Convention, m which the
State was not represented, being shorn of the pro-
. portionate number of delegates elected by her own
voice ? This was a question for the Democratic
party to consider, and for the Democrats of Mas-
sachusetts to consider. As for the district which
had thus been disfranchised, he would like to
compare its history with that of any other repre-
sented upon this floor', and he proceeded to men-
tion the distinguished men who were natives of
his district, and of their eminent deeds in the war
of the Revolution. But why was he and his dis-
trict insulted by the Baltimore Convention ? Sim-
ply for saying, on being asked by the committee
on credentials whether he would a^ree to the plat-
form, that he would do his own thinking. If gen-
tlemen supposed that there were not millions
of white men in the North, who would do their
own thinking, they were egregiously mistaken.
He repeated, he was excluded as a delegate, be-
cause he desired to think for himself upon a grave |
question of constitutional law.
lie then denied that the Constitution of the
United States contained a grant of power to Con-
gress to legislate for the rendition of fugitives from
slavery, and thought that there was not a man in
the Union, who could sustain his character as a
Democrat, upon the position that there was such a
grant. He contended that this was a subject of
State legislation, and entered into an argument to
sustain his position.
[Mr. R.'s speech is published in the Appendix.]
LVtr. MARTIN concluded the speech, heretofore
commenced, in opposition to the lulls reported
(twenty-one in number) giving lands to certain
States m aid of Ihe construction of railroads. In
tile course of his remaiks he denied the right of
Congress to ;;rant those lands for local purposes,
and the measuies proposed as unjust to the older
States.
[Mr. M.'sspeech is published in the Appendix.]
Mr. CABELL, of Florida, next obtained the
floor, but yielded it to
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, who moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommittec accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Richardson) reported that the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly House bill No. 43, " making ap-
' propriations for the current and contingent ex-
' penses of the Indian Department, and for fulfill-
' mg treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
' for the year ending June 30, 1853," and had
come to no resolution thereon.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
gent of the House to report back the deficiency
bill, with the amendments from the Senate, for the
purpose of having it referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
No objection was made.
Mr. STUART. Does the gentleman from Ala-
bama propose to have the amendments printed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. They are all printed. If
gentlemen will send up to the document room,
they will find every amendment printed with great
accuracy, and so that they can be understood in
connection with the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It shows every-
thing except the action of the Committee on Ways
and Means upon the amendment.
Mr. STUART moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The House adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 12, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first, business in order
is the motion to lay upon the table House bill No.
271, granting lands to Florida and Alabama for
the construction of certain railroads in the State
of Florida.
Mr. HUNTER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Wesleyan Collegi-
ate Institution, in Washington; which was read a
first and second time by its title, nnd referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. McCORKL-E. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce lie instructed
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the Clerk of tin:
II oiive to purchase, tor the use of the memhcis, copies
of the memoir and chart* of the watois of llle bay of San
Francisco, and rivers Saciarnento ami San Joaquin, by
Commander C. Riti? old, of the United States Navy.
Air. McCORKLE said: In respect to the im-
portance of the maps, it, may be remarked, that
they are based upon and carefully prepared from
actual surveys, executed on the system of trian-
gulation and hydrographical principles. Every-
thing essential and necessary to the navigator,
with a useful delineation of every shoal, rock, and
obstruction to channels, clearly laid down and dis-
tinctly shown, in a manner conclusive to any sea-
man or man of science, or judgment, and pre-
senting strong proof of the merit of the entire
enterprise. The illustrations throughout the me-
moir are well executed, and add to the many
facilities introduced Jfor practical purposes. If,
then, these are the only maps extant of so inter-
esting a portion ofthe Union, covering an expanse
of water, forming the resort of thousands of our
finest ships, dispatched thither through the enter-
prise of our commercial citizens of the Atlantic
coast, is it not just and proper to distribute, liber-
ally, the information embraced in them?
Congress annually scatters thousands of copies
of the report of the coast survey .along the eastern
coasl; and it is only right that all information
touching so valuable a part of our Confederacy as
California, should be widely disseminated, in order
to facilitate the development of her great resour-
ces. Independent of the value arid importance of
these maps to the Pacific coast, they are interest-
ing to every Congressional district. Emigration
to California, from all parts of the Union, is con-
stantly increasing and going on; and, when the
useful knowledge contained in the memoir and
maps is considered, a wide distribution must prove
highly beneficial and judicious.
The enterprise being a.private one, is viewed by
men versed in science "or practical skill connected
with hydrography, engraving, and lithography,
extensive and creditable to the officer who executed
the surveys, and comparable with, if not superior
to, any ever prepared previously in our country.
From the elaborate and minutemannerin which
the Coast Survey has to proceed with its opera-
tions and charts, it must necessarily and unavoid-
ably be a long time before any connected survey
can be made and prepared of our extended coast
on the Pacific. These maps, therefore, must, for
all useful and practical purposes, be used and re-
lied upon, until supplanted by others, prepared
under the auspices of the Government.
The commerce of the Pacific imperatively de-
mands that some facilities should be afforded by
the General Government for its protection and
safety. Without a light-house or buoy, we have
over 4,20,000,000 in merchandise afloat in the Bay
of San Francisco every month; and as little as
this House can do for its protection at this time is
to furnish navigators with these charts.
I hope, therefore, no gentleman will object to
this resolution.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce a
report from the Committee on Public Buildings.
It is an appropriation bill.
Mr. ORR. Will it come out of the morning
hour ?
The SPEAKER. That depends upon the order
of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I do not desire that it shall
be taken out of the morning hour. It will not
take more than a minute. I merely wish to intro-
duce the bill, and have it referred to the Commit-
tee ofthe Whole on the state of the Union. It is
a bill making appropriations for the public build-
ings and grounds, and for other purposes.
Mr. FICKLIN. I object to the introduction
of that bill. I have one which I have been wait-
ing for an opportunity to introduce for the last
two months.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask for
the regular order of business.
FLORIDA RAILROAD BILL.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness, as stated by the Chair before, is the motion
to lay upon the table House bill No. 271, granting
lands to Florida and Alabama for the construction
of certain railroads.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That motion was
made by myself, I believe.
The SPEAKER. ' It was made by the gentle-
man from Tennessee.
Mr. JONES. Have I the right to withdraw
the motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw it.
Mr. JONES. I will then withdraw the motion,
and move to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
printed.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. If the gentleman
will allow me, I will ask whether the previous
question had been ordered?
The SPEAKER. The previous question could
not be ordered upon a motion to lay upon the
table. .
Mr. CABELL. But was it ordered upon the
motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] called the previous question 
but afterwards withdrew the call.
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, I now desire to
say a very few words upon the pending motion.
We have been here in session now six months
and a half, and I may say that we have as yet
done literally nothing. One of the great causes
for this has been the course taken upon the bills
which have been reported here for the benefit of
railroads in the different new States. No com-
mittee, I believe, in this House has made a report
under a call for reports, except that on Public
Lands, for the last four months; and if we con-
tinue to go on as we have done, acting alone upon
the bills reported by that committee, I ask, when
we shall get through ?
Mr. ORR. I call the gentleman to order for
irrelevancy.
Mr. JONES. Is it not in order to show why
this bill should be referred?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman was proceeding in order.
Mr. JONES. About two months ago the gen-
tleman from South Carolina reported a bill nearly
identical in its provisions with the one now before
the House, designed to accomplish precisely the
same objects. It was to grant the right of way
and alternate sections of land to certain railroads
in Alabama and Florida. That bill was referred
to the Committee ofthe Whole on the state of the
Union. But since that bill has been there, here is
another one reported from the same committee, by
the same gentleman, for the same purpose; and it
is brought here and attempted to be forced upon
us, and"through this House, without giving it. the
usual, and, heretofore, almost universal direction
of bills of the magnitude of alternate sections bills.
Now, sir, if we go on in that way we cannot
get through the call of that committee for reports
