1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
242 B
tlemen desire debate in defense of public officers to
cease, let them avoid the interposition of questions
of this character. Has there not been an attack
upon the Secretary of the Interior, which is to go
through the country, and be injurious to his char-
acter as an officer and as a man ? And yet we are
called upon by the other side to close our mouths,
because the hour is late. Gentlemen, cease to
make it necessary for the friends of this Adminis-
tration to say a word,and you will not hear from
them, f did not intend to enter into this discus-
sion. i intend now to pursue the even tenor of
my coutsein endeavoring to perfect this bill, which
is necessary to carry on the Government; but I
will take occasion to say that the charge against
the Secretary of the Interior has been sustained
by not one single argument or fact, and further,
that he has honestly, fairly, and honorably dis-
charged his duties in regard to the matter under
discussion. There has been no abuse of the pow-
er placed in his hands. If there has been, it
should be inquired into; a committee should in-
vestigate it; and if it exists, the charge should be
utideisu-mdingiy made.
It ha'i been charged here even that the Secretary
of the Interior sent the head of the Census Bureau
to England; that that individual had charged the
expenses of those who accompanied him to the
Government; and that the Government had paid
them. What charge more inconsistent? What
charge could be made more calculated to make an
unfavorable impression upon the public mind than
this3 And what was it made for r Was it made
to attack an individual, or to attack those who are
politically responsible for this; What does it
amount to when I call the attention of Senators to
the fact, that when the vouchers for the expend-
itures incurred by that individual were presented,
it, was done with the understanding that they in
the aggregate contained his own expenses, "and
those who were with him; and that his own ex- !
penditures only were charged to the Government ?
But because an account of the vouchers had to 1
come here, the charge is made that the whole of ,
these expenditures were charged to the Govern- >
meat, lu order to show thai su<h was not the i
fact, when I heard this charge made, 1 saw the !
Secretary of the Interior upon the subject. He j
said tha 'lie Senate had called for the vouchers. !
A list of iht; vouchers was sent: but the amount 1
paid by the Government was not a single cent '
more than the actual expenses of the individual; I
and yet, from the course of remark which has been j
pursued here, the presumption in the public mind j
would be, that the Government had paid the ex- i
penses of the whole party. I went to see if it were !
possible that Elisha Whittlesey and otheis could ;
have suffered such a thing to pass. The papers i
upon their face would make it appear to he go; |
but when you come to look at it, you find that it j
is not so. " So much for that. I shall not go into I
a discussion about it.
The proposition before us now is whether we
shall to-day suspend the execution of the order of j
Congress in relation to the census—whether, after !
the expenditure of more than a §1,000,000, in pay- j
mg your marshals, and your officers, to procure
the information which you yourselves have or-
dered, you will now interrupt the work. The
Senate will recollect that not one single dollar has
been appropriated to carry out this census, save
the first appropriation which was made in the
census bill itself. It is said, and no doubt with a
peifect belief of the fact, so far as information
could be derived by the Senator from Arkansas,
that there is a balance not yet expended. This
objection can be easily met. Do you not recollect
that, at the end of every quarter, this money is to
be drawn upon to pay the various persons em-
ployed m the Census Bureau ? And when we are
told, and told directly, that there will not be a
dollar to carry on this work, unless we make an
appropriation, how are we met by our friends on
the other side 3 We are told by some gentlemen
that if this census be so and so, it ought to be ar-
rested. We are told by others that the head of
the Bureau is going on with the preparation of
statistics, as he was ordered to do: and others say,
if they thought he was doing so and so, they would
vote to stop the appronmtion, Tt is true a re-
port has been made by a committee of the Senate
advesto the publication of certain parts of the
, 1'ns'is i^turns. But can theGovernment, which is
acting under a law requiring it to do certain things,
be arrested by a resolution which this Senate has ,
never agreed to ? If the resolution expresses the
sense of the Senate, why not concur in it, and ,
make it mandatory upon the Government? Is the !
Government to suspend its operations in respect
to this matter, because a committee has reported
that their plan should not be carrried out, when
the Senate has not concurred in that report? Gen-
tlemen ought to look to these things.
No suspension has taken place in the prepara-
tion of this census, and no suspension will take
place under such a state of things. The question
now propounded to the Senate is this: Will you
reject the amendment of $49,000,and thereby dis-
solve your Census Bureau, and turn loose all the
men who have been employed, under the law, to
prepare the returns for publication ? There is the
question. What do we ask? Only the amount
of $49,000, out of the $150,000 that were called
for. And why did the House of Representa-
tives cut down the estimate ? That estimate went
upon the ground that the amount of ^150,000
would be necessary to consummate the whole ar-
rangement. Finding that there was some balance
on hand, and that we were again to meet in three
months, the House of Representatives justly cut
short the appropriation. They knew that another
appiopriation can be made when we meet again
to carry on the work it necessary. Cut now we
! are called upon by Senators on the other side to
s deny that small sum, ami turn loose the om- hnn-
, dred and forty < leiks now employed on the work.
; 1 trust it will not be done.
1 Mr. BUTLER. That 1 may not he miMindoi
stood, f desire to expkuu a remark that I made
; when I was on the floor last. When 1 said that
' the speech of the Senator from Massachusetts had
not been ansvered, I was far from meaning that
■ what fell from other Senators in reply to it was
not an answer [ must pay heie, what f have
said in private, that the remmksof the Senaioi
' from Noith Caiohna, [Mi. Bvo(.i;k,| the Senator
, ftom California, [Mr. VVei.lf.m,] theSenator iVoni
Iowa, {Mr. Doom;,] and the independent Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Biucur,] were uoithy of all
praise. I have ptaised them in private, and that
is enough for me to say. What 1 meant !>y niv
remark was, that the {subject had not teceived the
discussion winch it mented
The question on the amendment was taken, by
yeas and nays, and resulted—yeas 3.">, nays ]7;
as follows:
' YKAS—Badger, Ba\ aid, Boil, Btadlmr\, ISiuoke,
Ca> , OhaiJton, Chase. Olurke, Clemen*, Ooopoi, Dawson, 1
1 Dodge of Wisconsin, JJown>, Fmi, Foot, Oeyei, (iwm,
: JIuritcr. James, Kmg, M.'iJlon, Miiuzmn, "VfdJet, Moitnn,
' Pearee, Pratt, ^e.w ard, Shields, Hnuth, ypiuam-e, ^umnei.
Underwood, lrpham, and Wade—115.
NAYS—Me&sis Adams, Atelnson, Holland, 'IJnght,
. ttrodhead, Butlei. I)r ^aussure, l)ou2la-<, Feleh. Hamim, I
Houston, Ma--ori. .Mumcthnr, tvU->k,Toueev, Waikei. and I
i Weller—17
1 So the amendment was agreed to
Mr. MILLER. I move to amend ihe bill, by 1
' inserting at the end of the clause making the ap-
! propriation for the compensation of the Second
, Comptroller of the Treasury Department, the fol-
lowing:
And that the Second Uomptiohei oi the Tieusu!\ Depart-
ment fdiali he allowed a salary ccjual to that oi \\>> uead of
any othei bureau, to commen<-c from his. appointment to
: office.
Mr. President, I will merely s tate, that last
: evening we agreed to an amendment giving to the
ii Second Auditor of the Treasury Department an
increase of his salary. The amendment wns in the
\ \ same terms as this is. ! desire now to provide tor
the Second Comptroller.
i Mr. GW1N. I think if the Second Audiioi
i; deserved an increase of his sakuy, the Se:ond
| Comptroller )s equally entitled to it. IJ is labor is
[' great1, and he ought to have an increase of <-om-
; penscition.
j The amendment was agreed to
1 Mi. UPIIAM. I move to amend the following
j1 clause in the bill:
\t "Foi saiaiyofthc Mnnstei tle«udenttoTiukey, .Sn.OOO,"'
p by striking out" six," and inserting " nine/' I
I hope there will be no objection to this. The sal-
!' aryofthe Commissioner to China has been raised
j, to $9,000: and we have given him nn outfit There
|' is no outfit in this case.
1 The PRESIDENT. Is that a repotr fiom a
1 committee?
i Mr. UPHAM. I propose it with the consent
and approbation of the Committee on Finance.
They authorized me to propose it.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that it is not in order.
Mr. WELLER. I object to it. There is no
sort of necessity for increasing the compensation
of the Resident Minister to Turkey. The office
was originally a consulate. J believe the person
who is now the Minister Resident is traveling
through the floly Land obtaining materials for
writing a book. I have no doubt it will be a very
valuable one, for be is a very learned gentleman;
but 1 do not think this increase should be made.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to make a suggestion
on the point of order. When the Housesendsus
a hill making an appropriation for any purpose,
I there is nothing in the rule to prevent us from
, moving an amendment to the amount. Surely we
; have power to move to increase or diminish an
apnropriafion.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair, upon looking
I at the amendment again, decides that it is in order.
I It is merely to change the amount. As it was
, first read, he supposed it was a new appropria-
! tion.
, The amendment was agreed to, there being, on
' a division—nyes yi, noes J4.
Mi. BIJTLER. I move to amend the bill by
; inseriing the following:
Pot i!w puiehiw—tor the inr ol tin; Senate—ol five
1 Imndied copies oJ the Ui-je.^t and Index of the Opinion* of
the Attoin< >< fJenora! of the United States, to be bound in
the same niannn as said Opinions
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. When in Committee of the
Whole, the following amendment of the Commit-
i tee on Finance was disagreed to, under a misap-
, prehension of the facts:
• For eonip'Mwituou ot lour draw keepeis, and lor fuel
and oil foi the lamp*, ol the Potomac hndce, <%7.V>,"
I will state that the same necessity now exists
1 for diaw-keepers and lights that did before a part
I of the bridge w;is carried away. The two chan-
j nels aie navigated now as formerly. The same
necessity, therefore, exists for the lights. I there-
I tore propose to outend the bill by inserting that
provision which was lejectcd by the Senate as m
Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was agreed to
Mi. DAWSON. I desire to move an amend-
ment,todo justice to three or four individuals,
j In the clause making appropriation for compensa-
! tion to temporary clerks in the office of the Third
Auditor is the following proviso:
: •• Piorulcf!< 'J'liat no clerk ->hall toceivi: more than at the
| i;t(v' oi *-1.000 poi annum, except one whose -.alaryshall he
; <-i,f)00pei ,uumm. and tour \vho-<<; compensation "hall be
ji a da\ ■''
Four dollars a day makes :g>i,'24(J per annum.
I propose to strike out the words " whose com-
' pensaiion shall be £4 a dayand msert, " who
shall receive 1,200 per annum." The reason foi
\ this is, that if they are allowed over §1,200 a year,
,i they will not obtain the increase of salary which
is allowed by the bill to clerks whose salary is
, under $1,201). That will do great injustice to
' these four clerks. I propose, therefore, to strike
j forty dollars from their salaries in this case, so
] that they may be entitled to the increase I move,
II therefore, to strikeout4' whosecompensation shall
be four dollars a day," and insert " who shall each
! receive $1,200 per annum."
| Mi. BRIGHT. The effect of that will be to
1 make regular clerks out of four persons who me
1 employees—temporary clerks—in the office—per-
sons I suppose who have forced themselves into
| the Treasury Department. I shall vote against
i the amendment. I shall not waste time in giving
! niy reasons, but I do not believe that that or any
, othn amendment would be granted by the TIous^.
Mr. DAWSON. The persons who make this
| request are clerks in the Third Auditor's Depart-
j mem. The objectis not to make them permanent
! clerks but to give them a salary of $1,200 a yeai,
■ so iiiat they may come within the increase pro-
■ vided for in this bill.
; The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORTON. 1 have an amendment which
- I desue to offer. Itrf object is to place The salary
' i.f the Third Auditor of the Treasury upon an
ecunlity with 'hit of the Second Auditor. He i'-
m my ts.ii ei.oi, a mo&t laborious and cfiicunr
i officer. His kbois are as great, it not greatei,
