1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
road within its limits, they should ha-ve the right
of way and the use of the materials, upon the
public lands, for the purpose of constructing that
road, and that they should have these alternate
sections,—I say if they had prepared and reported
such a bill to this House, and referred it 10 the
Committee of the Whole on the state- of the
Union, they would have got it up long before
this; would have had it discussed upon its merits,
its fate determined by this House; and, if passed
here, would have long ago passed to the Senate.
Thus the object of the whole system which is pro-
posed by the passage or separate and individual
bills, would have been accomplished by the pas-
sage of the one bill. I will conclude by calling
the previous question, and moving to lay the whole j
subject upon the table. i
Mr. SWEETSER. I hope the gentleman will ]
not- call the previous question.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I wish the gentleman
would withdraw the motion for one moment-
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to lay on the table. I think it is
a great outrage.
Mr. HOUSTON. If this is an outrage, the out-
rage is upon the other side of the House. Upon
every bill reported by the Committee on Public
Lands, they have universally made speeches in
favor of them, and th§n called the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. X would inquire of
the Chair whether it is in order to move to post-
pone the consideration of this bill to a day cer-
tain ?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order so
long as a motion to lay the bill upon the table is j'
pending. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. j
Jones] has demanded the previous question, and 1
then submitted a motion that the bill, with the
proposed amendments, do lie upon the table,
neither of which propositions are debatable, and
until both are disposed of no motion to amend or
postpone to a day certain can be entertained.
Mr. CABELL. Did not I understand the gen-
tleman to withdraw his motion to lay the bill upon
the table ?
The SPEAKER. He renewed it before he
took his seat.
Mr. CABELL. I have only to say I hope the
House will vote down the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. These two motions cannot be j
made at the same time—that is, the call for the I
previous question and the motion to lay the whole j
subject upon the table. !
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman. The
practice has been universal in this House to allow !
double motions of that kind, or rather, a gentle-
man can make two motions before he takes his
seat-
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 did not hear the ques-
tion. It may be the same one \ am about to pro-
pound. I ask the Chair, if it is in order for a
gentleman to move to commit a bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union
and also a motion to lay the bill upon the table,
at the same time ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jo\tks] hud a
right to make both his motions. When he first
took the flour he withdrew his motion to lay upon
the table, and submitted the motion that the inil be
commuted to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. At the close of his re-
marks, he demanded the previous question, and
afterwards moved to lay the whole subject upon
the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then I have ne ver known
of anything of the sort practiced in the House.
I will not appeal myself, but it, is a new practice.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must think the
gentleman is titaliy mistaken as to what the prac-
tice of the House has been. Nothing is more
common than for a gentleman to introduce a reso-
lution, and demand the previous question upon it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I do not think the Chair
understood my question. I did not object to the
gentleman's motion for the previous question. But
he cannot move to commit a bill, and move to lay
it upon the table at th& same time. My point iss
that he cannot make two distinct motions which
are not connected together in any way.
Jackson, James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. John-
son, Landry, Lockliart, Mace, Humphrey Marshal!, Miller,
Molony, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Nabers,
Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Phelps,
Saekett, Schermerliorn, Schoolcraft, Seudder, Scurry,
Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H.Stephens, Strother,
Stuart, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs,
Townshend, Walsh, Ward, Watkms, Welch, Addison
White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—
100.
So the bill was not laid upon the table.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Is it not in order
for me now to submit a motion for the postpone-
ments the further consideration of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question is still pending, and during its pendency
the gentleman's motion is not in order.
Mr. ORR. I appeal to the gentleman to with-
draw his call for the previous question. If it is
withdrawn, I will then submit the motion inti-
mated by the gentleman from Florida, which is
not debatable.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone is
not debatable.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. They say around
me they can pass it. Let us take the question
upon seconding the call for the previous question.
If that is voted down, the gentleman can then
submit his motion.
The question was then put, and the call for the
I previous question was not sustained.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. I move that the
further consideration of this bill be postponed
until Friday week—that is, two weeks from yes-
terday. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
amend that motion by postponing the subject, two
or three weeks longer ' •
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. JONES. Let us try and get through with
some of the other bills. I move that the post-
ponement of the subject be until the second Fri-
day in July.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion as
amended, and, being put, it was agreed to.
GRANTS FOR EDUCATION AND RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the consideration of the bill, reported from the
Committee on Public Lands by the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Bennett,] making grants of
land to the several States for the construction of
railroads and for other purposes.
Mr. WELCH. Will the gentleman from New
York grant me a short time to submit a few re-
marks?
Mr. BENNETT. I will yield for that pur-
pose.
| Mr. WELCH then addressed the House at
j length relative to the disposition of the public
. lands. [His speech is published in the Appen-
i dix.l
Mr. BENNETT. I desired, Mr. Speaker, to
delay action upon this bill, long enough to allow
every member to read it and judge for himself of
its merits, and of the various provisions it con-
tains. And, when I reported it three or four days
ago, I spoke until the morning hour had expired,
more for that purpose than any other, that gentle-
men might have an opportunity of examining the
bill, which was printed and laid upon the desks of
members, in order to enable them to vote upon it
understandingly, and to determine whether they
would or would not support it. I did not then wish,
nor do I now, to occupy any of the time of the
House, but as there are only a few moments 'eft,
before the expiration of the morning hour, and, as
it is perfectly clear, a vote cannot be had upon the
| measure this morninsr, the House mustpardon me
: for again addressing it and speaking against time,
j as my hour has not yet expired.
i A motion is still pending to recommit the bill,
i and on Monday, I hope we may be enabled to get
j a vote upon it. I will say a word or two..by way
i of answer, to what has been stated this morning,
: with regard to the granting of lands, to aid in the
. Bennett, Bisfell, Bown , John I!. Boyd, I; construction of railroads, by the gentleman from
cATafdweS: !: Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] I am one of those from
• ~ - - 1 the old btates, who believe that the emitting of a
small portion of the public domain, for the con-
struction of railroads, if properly made, and with
the proper restrictions, is one of the bestpurposes
to which they can he applied; what I have con-
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remind the
gentleman of the fact, that it is the everyday's
practice here to move to reconsider a vote, ana to
move to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table. They are two- distinct motions. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] demanded
the previous question, and afterwards moved to
lay the bill, with the proposed amendments, upon
the table. The Chair thinks it in order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The case _ referred to by
the Chair—the motion to recommit, and the mo-
tion to lay that motion upon the table—is the
only one where two motions can be made, and it
grew up into a practice in the last Congress, and
in the Congress before the last. But I will ask
the Chair, if he remembers any one case where
a gentleman has moved to commit a bill, and at
the same time moved to lay it upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recol-
lect of a case at this moment, but he does not
doubt, that under the practice of the House, it is
! in order.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I desire to
make a single suggestion in relation to this bill.
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a point of
order. If there is no appeal, debate is not in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I simply desire to make
one suggestion, and that is this ; that when the
gentleman calls for the previous question, it is to
call for a vote upon the main question, and call-
ing: for the previous question, and immediately
making a motion to lay the whole subject upon
the table, are two motions utterly inconsistent
and repugnant. It is not like the motion to re-
consider, and the motion to lay that motion to
reconsider upon the table. j
TheSPEAKER. The Chair thinks it has been 1
the constant practice of this House to allow gen-
tlemen to make double motion?, embracing the
same principle as the one now under consideration.
The Chair has no doubt of the correctness of his
decision, under the practice of this body.
Mr. CABELL. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. The gentleman from Tennessee has
made a motion and called for the previous ques-
tion. I wish the Chair would state to the House
whether the previous question is called upon the
motion to commit, or upon the motion to lay upon
the table. Will the Chair state the question to the
House, for I confess I do not understand it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will again state
that, upon takinsr the floor, the gentleman from
Tennessee withdrew his motion to lay the bill
upon the table, and moved to commit the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Before he took his seat, he demanded
the previous question upon that motion, and again
submitted the motion that the bill and the proposed
amendments do lie upon the table.
The question recurred upon the motion to lay
the bill and amendments on the table.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, demanded the
yeas and navs; which were ordered.
Mr. HENN. Has the call for the previous
question been vet sustained?
TheSPEAKER. It has not. That question
does not come up until the privileged motion to
lay upon the table is disposed of.
The question was then put upon the motion to
lay upon the table the bill and amendments; and
it was not agreed to—yeas 79, nays 100; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Mes-irc. Aiken, Cha-Iot; Allen, Allk-on, John Ap-
pleton, Averett, David J. Bailey. Beale, B)bighau<, Breck-
inridge, Busby. Cantor, Caskie, Chatham, CJmiehweii,
Cleveland, Colcork, Cnrti®, Danie', Dawson,
D< an, Dimmiek, Fowler, Gamble, fiiddmsr-. G;!more, Grcv,
Hamilton, Ishain G. Harris Hart. Hawaii, fltbbard, Hdlyer,
Hoiiada\, [Tor«ford, Thomas 31. Howe, Insorsoll. fves.
Daniel T. Jones,G~orse VT. Jone*, J Glanev Jone<, Geoisre
C. Kit<rr. Preston King, Kalms, Kurtz, Lctr'icr. Martin, Ma-
-;on. iVTcfotkle. McDonald, Mct.anahan, ;\Fc\air, Meach-
am, Meade, Million, Moruf-on. Muiphv, Newton, Amlr<nv
j'arkor, Pen«lee, Powell, TtobMn*, Poiiie, "Ros«, Sehoon-
maker. David J-. Seymour, Skelton, Smait, Snow, Richard
II. S tan ton jThadd/'i-* Stevens, Sutherland, Sweeper, Ven-
-ibio, Walhridge, Wallace, Washburn, Welb, and WjI-
dnek—79.
NAYS—Me^sr-i, Aborcrombie, Willi* Allen. William
Appleton, Bell
Bra'/?, P> ronton
H. Brown, Bur
Ii Chandler, Clark, Chngman, Cobb. Conner,Cowman,George
ij T. Davi>, John G Davis, Disney, Doty, Duncan. Dunham,
\ j Durkee, Emtwan. Edserton. Evans, Evnng, Fieklin. Fitch,
11 Freeman, Gayford, Gentry, Goodenow,Goodrich. Go* nan,
;] Hall, Sampson W. Harris. Iiaw<, Haven, Hebard, Men-
*' dneks, Ilcnn, Houston, Howard, John W. Howe, Hunter,
