648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 27,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can the special j
order bo postponed without unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks so. ■
Mr. JONES. It took two-thirds to make ihe
special order, and it seems to me thdt a majority ,
cannot defeat that special order by postponing it. |
There is another special order coming up on Tues- :
day, and if a nicijority are disposed to get clear of '
that special order, they can, by postponing it from j
day to day, defeat the ride which required two |
thirds to make it a special order. \
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion t
that it has been the practice of this body to post- i
pone a special order from day to day, by the vote |
of a majority of the House, and that that is one !
form in which the House may dispose of a special !
order. The rule is, that " when a question is j
under debate, 110 motion shall be received but to j
adjourn, to lie on the table, for the previous ques- ,
tion, to postpone to a day certain, to commit or j
amend,'' &c. '
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. It certainly defeats ,
the object in making a special order. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that -
the bill may be recommitted or postponed to a day
certain.
Mr. JONES. I call the attention of the Chair j
to ins decision made on yesterday about this very ;
bill, as reported in the GJobe of to-day:
«T!)C Si'EWxFR, That would be the legular order of,
business for the morning hour, but lor the fact that the spe- ■
ciai ordei reported from the Committee of the Whole on the !
state of the Union upon yesteiday, becomes the regular :
business, fiom day today, until disposed of. Being a special ,
order, it overrides all other business."
The SPEAKER. It overrides all other busi-
ness, and is to be disposed of under the rules of ;
the House. i
Mr. JONES. I think it takes two-thirds to
postpone it, as it is a special order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the practice
of the House has been different, and that a ma-
jority may postpone, from day to day, as a major-
ity may commit. That is the recollection of the
Chair lespecting the practice of the House.
Air. OLDS. I raise another point of order, and
it is this: that Friday being set apart as private
bill day, by a special rule of the House, that spe-
cial rule ovenides the special order of the House, i
and that it is ;n order to move to take up the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The special order certainly
sets aside all the standing rules—that m relation to .
private bill day as well as the others. There can be ,
no question, m the mind of the Chair, upon that 1
point; and the Chair therefore overrules the point
of order raised by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. OLDS. If then a special order sets aside
all the standing rules of the House, how can it be
made without <me day's notice?
The SPEAKER. The House suspended, by
a vote of two thirds, all the rules of the House,
and made this a special order, to be disposed of
under the rules of the House, and it must affect
pnwite bills as well as other business.
Air. OLDS. In order to test this question,!
move t>"> "o into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that mo-
tion to he nut of order.
Air. OLDS. From that decision I take an ap-
peal.
Air. HALL moved to lay the appeal on the
table.
The question was taken, nnd there were, upon
a division—ayes Si, noes 5"2.
So the (.ppeai w.is laid upon the table.
The question recu:i"d upon the inol :«>n t<  post-
pone the .special older until Monday nex'.
Air. JONES, of Tfrjnessce. I muM opneal
fro hi the decision of the Chair that it is in order
for a majority to. postpone from day to day, and
thus defeat a special order made bv Iwo thuds uf ,
the House.
Air. HALL. Is it in order to move to postpone
the bill indefinitely5
The SPEAKER. It is.
M' • HALL.^ Then I make that motion,
llu SPEAKER. There is a prior motion,
however, and tae Chan- wdl call the attention of
the gentleman Irom Missouri to the rule upon the
subje.'t. It is as follow-;:
<MVh'n :i «;!! ' -ti'm i- under dcbat<Mi<  motion rhall be
niH'lt' hat to ;t(i|Oiirii, to Jit, on the table, tor the prewous
Wbtton, to postpone t<> a certain, tn commit ot amend.
to postpone indefinitely; which several motions shall have
precedence in the order m which they are arranged."'
The motion of the gentleman from Maryland to
postpone to a day certain must, therefore, take
precedence of the motion submitted by the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall.]
Mr. MARSHALL,, of Kentucky. As a point
of order, I suggest whether the subject-matter must
not be under discussion, before the House, before
a motion to postpone'at all—either to a day certain
or indefinitely—can be entertained. If the subject-
matter be before the House, I shall move the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced that
the special order was the first business in order,
and it is now before the House and under discus-
sion. It is under discussion, accoiding to the
meaning of the rule.
Air. MARSHALL. Then I move the previous
question on the passage of the bill, which, as I
understand it, takes precedence of the motion to
postpone.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair be correct m its
decision that the bill may be postponed to a day
certain, the effect of the previous question will be
to bring the House to a vote upon the postpone-
ment.
Mr. AIARSHALL. And also upon the pas-
sage of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. And upon the passage of the
bill, in case the motion to postpone is disagreed
to.
Mr. A'lAR-SHALL. The rule gives a motion
for the previous question precedence over a motion
to postpone to a day certain; and under the decis-
ion of the Chair, therefore, the motion for the pre-
vious question must take precedence of the motion
to postpone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It not only takes
precedence, but, if 1 understand the rule, it cuts
olF the motion to postpone. Until the last Con-
gress the previous question cut off a motion to
refer; but by a special rale it was provided that the
previous question should not cut olf a pending
motion to refer, but that the House should first
vote upon the motion to refer and then upon the
amendments, and everything else is cut off except
the motion to refer and the amendments.
Air. CLINGAIAN. That is clearly right.
There can be no doubt about it.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee tuin to the rule upon which he relies?
Air. JONES. Rule 46 is the one that prescribes
the order of motions. The 50th rule provides that
"The previous question shall be in this form:
' Shall the main question be now put?' It shall
only be admitted when demanded by a majority
of the members present, and its effects shall be
to put an end to all debate, and bring the House
to a direct vote upon a motion to commit, if such
motion shall have been made; and if this motion
does not prevail, then npou amendments reported
by a committee, if any, then upon pending amend-
ments, and then upon fhe main question."
Now, the previous question cuts off, as I think,
everything except what is specified m that rule.
The SPEAKER. The direction of this whole
matter must depend upon the correctness of the
decision of the Chair, that this bill maybe post-
poned. If the Chair is right in supposing that it
may be postponed to a day certain, the Chair
thinks it follows, very clearly, that the previous
question will bring the House to a vote upon the
postponement, just as it would bring the House to
a vote upon amotion to commit.
All*. JONES. I call the attention of the Chair
to the fact that the 50th rule provides that a mo-
lion to commit shall not be out riff by the previous
question. A motion to commit was cut off by the
pievious question until the adoption of this rule on
the 5th of August, 184^.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee remember what has been the piactice
of the House with reference to debate upon a
proportion to postpone to a day certain ?
Air. KING, of New York. It is not in oider.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in oider upon
a proposition to postpone to a day certain, and
hence it is not enumerated among the vo;es that
the House inust be brought to under die operation
of the previous question. The Chair is very cer-
tain that lie has decided this question in accord-
ance with the practice of the House.
All. CLINGAIAN. I w<uild suggest to the
Chair that this whole discussion is out of order.
The previous question has not been sustained,
and until it is sustained the House cannot decide
upon the effect of that motion. 1 submit that this
whole discussion is premature, and out of oider.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remark,
that the point of order raised by the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] does not involve
the one raised by the gentleman from Kentucky,
[Air. Marshall,] or the operation of the previous
question.
The Chair decides that this special order may
be postponed to a day certain. The gentleman
from Tennessee differs with the Chair, and ap-
peals from this decision, and the question before
the House is on that appeol.
Air. CLINGAIAN. I understand the gentle-
man from Tennessee to rely upon the ground that
the previous question would cut off the motion to
postpone, but until it is put and sustained, the ef-
fect of it cannot be inquired into by the Chair or
the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is right m that.
Air. HOUSTON. I understand the point de-
cided by the Chair is, that this special order may
be postponed to a day certain, by a majority vote
of the House. That is the point, and not the ef-
fect, of the previous question, as supposed by the
gentleman from North Carolina. If that be cor-
rect, then a majority of the House can undo what
two thirds have dor*?.
Mr. JONES. At the time I took the appeal
from the decision of the Chair, the gentleman from
Kentucky had not moved the previous question.
I will now withdraw my appeal, and if the pre-
vious question is sustained, and the Chair then
decides that the motion to postpone takes prece-
dence of the main question, I shall renew the ap-
peal.
Mr. AIARSHALL, of Kentucky, then moved
the previous question.
The previous question received a second, on a
division—ayes 84, noes 60—and the main question
was ordered to be now put.
Several Members. What is the effect of the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
effect of the previous question is to bring the House
first to a vote upon the motion to postpone till
Monday next.
Air. JONES. From that decision I appeal, and
I ask for the reading of the 46th and 50th rules, to-
gether with the note to the 50th rule.
The Clerk read the rules, as follow;
46. " When a question is under debate, no motion shall
be received but to adjourn, to lie on the table, for the pre-
vious question, to postpone to a day certain, to coniinit or
amend, to postpone indefinitely; which several motions
>liull have precedence m the order in which they are ar-
ranged."
50. " The previous question shall be in this form : c Shall
the main question be now put?' It shall only be admitted
when demanded by a majority of the members present; and
its effect shall be to put an end to a!! debate, and bring the
House to a direct vote upon a motion to commit, if such
motion shall have been made; and if this mouon does not
prevail, then upou amendments reported by a committee, if
any, then upon pending amendments, and then upon the
mam question."
Note to the 50th rule:
" The previous question was recognized in the rule;, es-
tablished April 7, 1789, and eouid be demanded by five
! members, (the parliamentary law places it m the power of
j two members—one to move, the other to second.) On the
j 23d December, 1811, it was placed on a footing with the
I yeas &nd nays—that is, at the command ofonejift/i of the
1 members present. Jt remained so until the 24th'February,
]^1"}, when the, rule was changed to its present form of a
j majority. According to formed practice, the previous ques-
! turn brought the House to a direct vote'on the mum ques-
; tion—that i", lo agree to the mam proposition, to the exclu-
| sion of all amendments and incidental motions; but on the
j 1 (t!i January. 18K>. it was changed to us present form—first
1 to embrace feruling amendments, and then the main propo-
j Mtion."
i Air. STANTON, of Ohio, moved to lay the
appeal upon the table.
! Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois, demanded the
: yeas and nays upon that motion; but they were
! refused.
; Mr. STUART demanded tellers; which were
; ordered, and Messrs. Ste\e>js, of Pennsylvania,
and Stv\ttov, of Tennessee, appointed.
And the question being put. it was decided in
the affirmative—ayes 83, noes 65.
So the appeal was laid upon the* table, and the
decision of the Oh&ir was sustained.
