2426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
inspectors necessary to meet each case, and to pre-
vent a sacrifice of property by the exercise of a
sound discretion conforming to the circumstances
which exist. Most of the owners of steam ton- :
nage have behaved with a becoming liberality, ;
while some have been governed by views peculiar l
to themselves. Forgetting that a law cannot be ,
made for individuals, but must be general, they j
require an impossibility, by urging upon Congress
to make a law for the reckless, while it must not •
extend to the prudent. In my opinion, the pru-
dent have nothing to fear from this act. They are
timid without cause, and not sufficiently mindful
of the terrible disasters which frequently occur. '
It is but a few days since seventy persons per-
ished by drowning, while the bow of the boat
Henry Clay rested upon the shore. Such were ,
the disastrous consequences for the want of suit- ;
able means to extinguish fire! Such painful oc-
currences have been so frequent as to fill the '
public mind with deep sensibility, and there is '
almost a universal demand for greater security. I
None but boat-owners oppose such a step, and a ;
very large majority of this class are believed to be t
heartily in favor of legislation. Now is the time; ;
now the favorable moment. Many have come here |
to help a law along, and we should not send them i
away disheartened. ;
jVJfr. PRATT. Allow me to make a suggestion !
for the purpose of saving time. 1 understand that '
the bill is to go into operation in the month of ]
March; it has been acted on by the House of i
Representatives; and suppose that it be now laid j
upon the table, under the rules, when we meet !
again in December—three months before it takes S
effect—we can take it up, and we shall then have ;
sufficient time to consider and act upon the amend- j
ments of the House of Representatives. 1 ask i
the Senator from Massachusetts whether he does ■
not think that the public interest will be better i
promoted by taking this course than by hurrying
on the action of the Senate now? We are, at
present, pressed for time, and it is impossible that
we can ffive all the amendments due consideration;
the adoption of them, without reading oven, is a
course that I am strongly opposed to. Since we
are informed that the bill will havethe effectof de-
stroying the steamboat interest in California as
well as in Maryland, I think that the suggestion
is entitled to some consideration from the Senator
for Massachusetts. I feel indebted to the Senator
for his kindness in permitting me to inteirupthim
while making the suggestion.
Mr. DAVIS. The proposition mad? by the
gentleman has been considered; but it is supposed
by some of the friends of this bill, th it it still
contains much of good, and they are of opinion
that this is the time for action. Those gentlemen
who came here from the West, and whose advice
and assistance in framing the bill, ha* been of
much value, might not be able to retu.n at the
next session. If it should be permitted to die for
the present session, it will then be pi; ced in a
hopeless condition, and it will be almos* impossi-
ble to revive it. This is no doubt what some de-
sire, but we are anxious to obtain the good which
the bill contains, and to secure the means it affords
of giving some security to life and property. If
it should appear that amendments are desirable,
it will be as easy to obtain them hereafter, as to
take up the postponed bill at a future session.
Mr. HALE. I have not, as yet, said anything
respecting this bill, but I understand that it is a
very important one. 1 have the declarations of
its friends for that opinion. The Senator from
Texas [Mr. Ru*>x] f believe stated that it was of
more importance than any of the appropriation
bills. Well, there are one hundred j nd fifty
amendments to it reported to us by the House of
Representatives, and we have no time to read,
much less to consider them. Under these circum-
stances, I think there is much force in the sugges-
t;on of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pratt.]
To test the sense of the Senate, I move a post-
ponement till the second Tuesday in December,
and that it be made the special order for that
day.
The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire is not strictly in order.
Mr. HALE. Then, I move to lay it on the
table; and T ask for the yeas and nays.
.Mr. RUSK. 1 hope that the Senator fiom New
Hampshire will withdiaw his motion to lav the
bill on the table.
Mr. HALE. I will do so if you will renew it. 1
Mr. RUSK. I will do so. |
Mr. BADGER. It is very questionable whether
this bill could be taken up at the next session of ;
Congress, underthe joint rule. The rule is this: ,
" After six days from the commencement of a second or i
subsequent session ofCongiess, all bills, resolutions, or 1
repot ts, which originated in either House, and at the clo«e |
ol the next preceding session remained undetermined in 1
either House, shall be resumed and acted on m the same t
mariner as if an adjournment had not taken place." '
Now, I think it is very questionable whether !
the rule can be so construed as to permit the bill ;
to be brought up at the next session. Recollect j
that it is a rule relaxing the original parliamentary j
rule, and embraces no cases except those which \
are expressly included in it. I doubt very much !
whether it would embrace the case of a bill which |
had passed the Senate and House of Representa- ■
tives, and which remained on the table, not on a !
question of passage, but solely on a question of i
concurring in amendments. 1 mention this, be- i
cause I think it is very doubtful whether, under '
the rule, the bill could be taken up at the next l>
session.
Mr. RUSK. I desire to say a very few words
on thisquestion,and shall commenco by thanking,
in the name of humanity, the Senator fiom Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Davis,] for the immense labor
he has bestowed upon the preparation of this bill.
It will form a page in his history, that his children
may look upon with pride, when he is gone.
This is the only country m the world which
has not passed stringent laws to regulate the man-
ner in which that powerful agent, steam, is to be
employed by individuals; this is the only country
in the world where human life would be recklessly
and wantonly sacrificed to the cupidity of steam-
boat proprietors, as we have seen repeatedly dur-
ing the last ten or fifteen years. Some step was
rendered absolutely necessary, and the Senator
from Massachusetts has taken the right course in
the introduction of that bill. The whole subject
has been carefully investigated by that gentleman;
he has obtained information on every side; his
room has been open to persons representing all
classes and interests; and, with a patience that
did him honor, he has listened to all who desired
to make any representations to him. He has read
such memorials and documents bearing on the
subject as 1 believe no other Senator, pressed with
business, as we all are, could be induced to read.
The whole measure has been carefully digested
and matured by him; and, now, at this late stage
of the session, this bill, which, from my own
knowledge of the subject, and fiom the informa-
tion of those who are much better acquainted with
it than I can profess to be, is to be set aside for
the purpose of gratifying the steamboat owueis.
Some of them, I have no doubt, oppose it, might
and nicun, simply because they do not understand
its provisions. They believe that they will be re-
quired to change all the machinery in their boats
at once, and consequently that the cost of the ma-
chinery now in use will be thrown away. This
is a mistake. The machinery now in use will be
retained, if it is of such a character as bear the
test of inspection; that which will not do so should,
of course, be rejected. And all the machinery to
be made for future use must hp submitted to in-
spection.
Some of the observations made to me by these
steamboat proprietors, are not at all creditable to
them, or to human nature. They have avowed their
determination to defeat the bill: and have raised
such paltry objections as the cost of some fo^r or
five buckets, which they will be compelled to sup-
ply, at something like a quarter of a dollar each,
and the c^st of a few axes, amounting, in the
whole, perhaps, to not quire forty doiiais.
Mr. DAVIS. Not the half of that.
Mr. RUSK. I dare say my friend Pom Mas-
sachusetts is rj<?ht—the whole will not cost more
than half what 1 have stated. And, sir, tins op-
position to the bill has been characterize.] by such
a degree of pertinacity as I have never witnessed
in outside pressure before: and 1 have seen much
of it here. Their object appears to be the defeat
of all legislation on the subject, and the power of
exercising their own uncontrolled discretion.
The question for the Senate to consider is,
whether they will act in such n manner as to pro-
tect steamboat interests alone? or whether they
will throw some safeguards round human life, and
prevent a repetition of those lamentable catastro-
phes which have occurred so frequently of late.
The perils accompanying steamboat navigation,
under the present system, are so great, and the
chances of encountering an instant and horrible
death are so numerous, that, for my part, I would
rather encounter almost any risk than that with
winch I am threatened on the journey of some
three or four thousand miles from this place to my
home. However, my individual fate is a matter
of no great consequence to the public—I must go
at some time or oiher, and possibly I might at*
well go now, by the explosion of'a steamboat
boiler, as by any other means, at a future day;
but, sir, I will candidly avow, that I would rather
take part in an Indian fight; ay, or enter on a long
Indian campaign, than venture on undertaking this
voyage of three thousand or four thousand miles,
as I must, to see my wife and children once again.
Mr. HUNTER. The whole question resolves
itself into this: the bill, even if it were passed
now, will not go into operation until next March.
That being the case, I do not see any leason why
those gentlemen who desire that it should be post-
poned until the next session should not be in-
dulged by a compliance with their request. As to
the ground taken by the Senator from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Badger,] that the bill could not be
revised under the rule, in case of postponement, I
think he is in error, because the question will then
come up on an " undetermined bill."
Mr. RUSK. There is one point winch 1 forgot
to mention, and to which I should now wish to
call the attention of the Senate. If the bill is to
become a law, and is to go into operation in
March, it is necessary that the owners of steam-
boats should be allowed some time for prepara-
tion .
Mr. WELLER. U will be scarcely possible
for them to be in readiness in California even
then.
Mr. HUNTER, i do not understand the bill,
and will not therefore undertake to speak on it;
but remonstrances have been made to me by per-
sons who represent that it will be rniwus to theii
interests, and especially in its operation on the
Atlantic sea-board. For that reason I have been
desirous that it should be postponed until next
session, in order that I may have an opportunity
of examining it, and of ascertaining whether it is
practicable to pass such ameasurefor the security
of human life, without infringing on private
rights.
Mr. STOCKTON. At the risk of being con-
sidered wanting m those sentiments of philanthro-
py and concern for human life, which have been
so eloquently and so fervently expiessed by the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] I must,"with
the candor becoming a Senator, say, that [ am
opposed to most of the details of the bill now un-
der consideration, and that T propose to discuss
all the amendments made by the other House. I
will endeavor to make it as consistent with my
notions of the great principles of human liberty and
the rights of the citizen, as it is designed to be
protective of human life.
Sir, " eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.1"
We are here to consider—it is our undoubted duty
to consider—what is necessary to be done for the
better protection of human life on steamboats.
But it is likewise our duty to consider what is due
to steamboat property, and steamboat owners, as
well as what is due to the protection of steamboat
travelers. They are all our fellow-citizens, equally
entitled to our consideration. But, sir, there is a
principle, in my judgment, involved in this bill
far beyond, in importance, either of those ques
tions. It is this—how far the Federal Government,
through the instrumentality of the two Houses of
Congress, shall be permitted to interfere with the
rights of personal property—or the private business
of any citizen. I think, sir, that under the influence
of recent calamities, too much sensibility is dis-
played on this subject: and I am afraid," sir, that
too many, and too strong efforts will be made forci-
bly to constrain individual liberty, and to control
private business. Mr. President, extremes are
near each other—a good principle may go so far
as to react upon itself, to the injury of society—
the temperance excitement for instance. What
man, what chiistian man will not raise his voice
in favor of the great cause of temperance? But, sir,
is it not likely to overleap itself? Can we shut our
eyes to the dangers with which even that beneii
cent cause threatens the Republic3 The pledge
