1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IMB
em boundary of Wisconsin, through Janesviile and Pond
du Lac. to Lake Superior; from Selnia, in Alabama, to
Gunter's Landing, on the Tennessee river; from the At-
lantic ocean, in Florida, to the Gnlf of Mexico, in said
Slate; from Davenport and Burlington, in Iowa, to the
Missouri river; and from Dubuque to Keokuck, in said
State; from Manitoowoc, in Wisconsin, to the Mississippi
river; from San Francisco, to San Jose; from the Saginaw
river to Mackinaw, in the State of Michigan ; from Mobile
Bay, in Florida, and to the Ohatahoochee river and Flint
river, in Gedrgia; from a point opposite New Orleans, to
the Sabine river, in Louisiana, from Shreeveport to the
Mississippi river.
Said railroads to be constructed on the most direct and
feasible routes,between the points before-mentioned. And-
the proceeds of the residue of the land herein granted to the
said eleven first-named States, respectively, to be applied
by them to aid in the construction of such other railroads
as the Legislatures of said States may respectively desig-
nate: Provided, No more land shall be taken by any State
under this act in the whole, than is granted to said State by
the first section thereof.
Mr. OLDS. I rise to a question of order. I
make two points of order on that amendment:
first, that it is notgermane to the bill, which grants
lands to the States, whereas the amendment pro-
poses to grant lands to railroads; and second, that
the provisions of the amendment are embraced in
separate bills, which are pending before the House.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair recollects aright,
the original bill proposes to distribute land among
the States for internal improvement purposes. If
that be the case, the Chair does not see that the
amendment is not germane. With regard to the
second point raised by the gentleman, that the
provisions of the amendment are embraced in sep-
arate bills before the House, the Chair would
state that, unless an amendment is in the identical
shape of a bill before the House, it lias always
been the practice to receive it. The Chair there-
fore overrules the points of order raised by the
gentleman.
Mr. BENNETT. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
Mr. COBB. I trust the gentleman from New
York will allow me to propound a question to him.
I desire to know of him what member from Ala-
bama has been consulted in regard to the disposi-
tion of the land that he proposes to give to that
State ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Debate is not in
order.
The SPEAKER. During a demand for the
previous question, discussion is not in order.
Does the gentleman from New York withdraw
the demand for the previous question?
Mr. BENNETT. I do not.
The SPEAKER. Then discussion is not in
order.
Mr. MEADE. I wish to know whether it is
in order to move to refer this bill to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
question is demanded. Debate is therefore out of
order; amendments are out of order; and it is not
in order to move to commit the bill.
Mr. MEADE. 1 move, then, that the bill and
amendment be laid upon the table.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MEADE. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I renew it.
Mr. GORMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 85, nays 93; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, John Appleton,
A=he, Averett, David J. Bailey, Bocock, Bragg, ltieckin-
ridge, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Busby, Caskie, Chastam,
Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Disney, Dunham, Eastman, Edmundoon, Faulk-
ner, Ficklin, Fitch, Freeman, Gaylord, Giddings, Gorman,
Hamilton, Hammond, Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hart, Hendiicks, Henn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holladay,
Houston, Howard, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew John-
son, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W. Jones,
Preston King, Letcher, Lockhart, Edward C Marshall,
McCorkle, McDonald, McLanaban, MeNair, Meade, Mur-
phy Nalieis, Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Powell, Richardson,
Riddle, Rohhins, Robinson, Ross, Savage, Scuirv, Skelton,
Swart, Sutherland, Sweetser, George W, Thompson,
Townshend, Vehable, Wallace, Alexander White, Wilcox,
and Wildrick—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Alien, Allison, W llliani Apple-
ton Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, John H,
B«vd Brenton, Brooks, George H. Blown, Burrows, E.
Carrin ton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Chapman, Cleveland, Ciingman.Cullom, Curtis,
Dean, Dimmick, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Edgerton, Evans,
Ewing, Fowler, Gilmore, Goorienow, Goodrich, Grey,
Haiper, Haws, Hascall, Haven, I-Iorsford, John W. Howe,
Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, James Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George G. King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Mace,
Martin, Meachan, Miller, Henry 1). Mooie, John Moore,
Morehead, Morrison, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Parker, Penmman, Porter, Robie, Sackett,
Schermerliorn, Schoolcraft, Schoomnaker, Scudder, David
L. Seymour, Smart, Smith, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham
P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Wal-
bridge, Ward, Washburn, Watkms, Welch, Wells, Addi-
son White, and Williams—93.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The previous question was then seconded. The
question then being, " Shall the main question be
now put?"
Mr. MEADE demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and-Messrs. Meade and Watkins were
appointed.
The question was then put, and it was decided
in the affirmative—ayes 90, noes 72.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. COBB. Will the Chair state what is be-
fore the House ?
The SPEAKER. The question is first upon
recommitting the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands. If that should fail, the question will then
be upon the adoption of the amendment proposed,
and then be upon the engrossment of the hill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion to recommit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Did not the gen-
tleman from NewYork [Mr. Bennett] withdraw
the motion to recommit ?
The SPEAKER. He did, but he renewed it
again.
Mr. JONES. I thought he withdrew it this
morning. ,
The SPEAKER. He did withdraw it this
morning, but he immediately renewed it.
Mr. DOTY. I understood the amendment to
have been accepted by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Bennett.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it. Besides the bill before the Plouse was a
report from a committee, and the gentleman had
no right to accept any amendment to it.
Mr. BENNETT. Have I now the right to
withdraw the motion to recommit ?
[Loud crics of " No " No !"]
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman cannot withdraw the motion after the main
question has been ordered.
Mr. BENNETT. I intended to withdraw the
motion to commit.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 78, nays 109; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, John Appleton,
Ashe, Bragg, Bieckinridge, Albert G. Brown, Busby, Chas-
tam, Churchwell, Clark, Cobb, Colcoek. Conner, Daniel,
John G. Davis. Dawson, Dean, Disney, Dunham, Duikee,
Eastman, Faulkner, Fitch, Freeman, Gaylord, German,
Hall. Hamilton, Hammond. Kham G, ffari i~. Sampson W.
Hairis, Hart, Hendricks, Henn, Hibbard,Hillyer, Holladay,
Houston, Howaui, ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Andrew John-
son, John Johnson, Daniel T. Jones George W. Jones,
Preston King, Letcher. Lockhart, Edward C. Marshall,
McCorkle, McDonald, McJjanahan, McNair, Murpliy, Na-
bors, Olds, Orr, Peaslee, Penn, Penmman, Richardson,
Bobbins, Fobinson, Ross, Savage, Scurry, Skelton, St.
Martin, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetsei, George W. Thomp-
son, Wallace, Alexander White, Wiicox, and Yates—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Wilhain Apple-
toil, Averett, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Bai rere,
Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, John H. Boyd,
Bienton, Briggs,Btooks, Geoigc It. Brown, Burrows, Burl,
E. Cairmgton Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cart-
ter. Caskie, Chandler, Chapman. Cleveland, Chngman,
Cullom, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dimmick, Dockery,
Doty, Duncan, Edgerton, Edmundson, F.vans, Ewing,
Fiekhn, Fowler,Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore,Good-
enow, Goodrich, Grey, Harper, Haws, Hascall, Haven,
HpImrd, Hoisford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,
Hunter, James Johnson, ftobeit W. Johnson, Geoige G.
King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Mace, Martin, Meaeham,
Meade, Miller, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Moiehead,
Morrison, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Paiker, Samuel W.
Parker, Porter, Powell, Kobie, Sackett, Scliermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Sehoonmaker, Seudder, David L. Seymour,
Smart, Smitll, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick
P. Stanton. Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens,
Alexandei H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Taylor. Ben-
jamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Townshend, Vena-
ble, Walbridge, Ward. Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells,
Addison White, and Williams—109.
So the House refused to recommit the bill.
Mr. THOMPSON, ofVirginia. Has the morn-
ing hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
WHEELING BRIDGE.
Mr. THOMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
submit a matter of courtesy to the House. The
relations which 1 at present hold to the House are
soon to close. I have been called by my people
to another sphere, and the close of this month will
dissolve the connection between this House and
myself.
During the short time I have had the hoiior of
being a member of this House, I have not tres-
passed upon your patience, nor asked any indul-
gence in respect to time.
So far as I am aware, Mr. Speaker, I have vio-
lated no courtesy, nor have I asked any of the
courtesies of this House to be extended to me.
Now, as there is a question of vast importance in
which my immediate constituents are very deeply
involved, matured m one of your committees, I
ask as a matter of courtesy to myself, of justice
to the people which I represent upon this floor, as
well as to settle a great national question, involv-
ing national principles, that the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads be permitted to make
a report in relation to the Wheeling bridge, and
when that report is made, that it be the special
order for next Monday.
[Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. McLANAHAN. I object.
Mr. THOMPSON. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The gentleman cannot make that
motion. We are now acting under a suspension
of the rules.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired.
Mr. JONES. The rules of the House require
a motion to go into the business on the Speaker's
table at the expiration of the morning hour, in
order to arrest the business then before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that this
being Monday, it is in order to move to suspend
the rules under an express rule of the Hotrse.
Mr. JONES. How do you get clear of the
question now before the House, the main ques-
tion having been ordered to be now put ?
The SPEAKER. It falls. The Chair thinks
this is one form by which the House may get
clear of it. There are several modes, and this
is one of them, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I wish to state to the
House my reason for objecting to the request of
the gentleman from Virginia,_ [Mr. Thompsosj.]
Pennsylvania, sir, has also some interest in this
great national question to wliieh he has alluded.
It is a question of vast importance to the judicial
as well as the legislative departments of this Gov-
ernment. But that question, under the resolution
from the State of Pennsylvania, has been referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STUART. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I think it is due to the
House that I should make that report from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
[Cries of " Order!" " Order 1"]
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I desire to
know if the motion to suspend is debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then I object to the gen-
tleman making a speech.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. I submit that the main ques-
tion having been ordered to be put upon the bill
just now before the House, nothing could intervene
until that question was disposed of. I ask the
Chair to decide.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion,
as he before stated, that the morning hour having
expired,'it is competent to submit a motion to
suspend the rules—this being Monday—without
regard to the immediate business before the
House.
Mr. STEVENS. When will it come up again ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up as the first
business, and as the special order, to-morrow
morning. The Chair decides that the motion
made by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Thompson] is in order, and is not debatable.
Mr. FOWLER. I rise to a question of cour-
tesy to reply to the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Thompson.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot pro-
ceed without unanimous consent.
[Cries of " Object!" and " Order!"]
Mr. FOWLER. 1 only .want to say one word.
[Loud cries of" Order !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is out of or^
der.
[A message in writing was here received from
