1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
the President of the United States by the hands of
Millard P. Fillmore, his Private Secretary.]
GRANTS FOR RAILROADS AND EDUCATION.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a privileged question,
but not to interfere with the motion of my col-
league, [Mr. Thompson.] I simply rise to make
a motion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered upon the bill which was be-
fore the House a few minutes ago.
The SPEAKER. The.motion will be entered
upon the Journal.
Mr. MEADE. I will state, that my object in
making the motion is to enable me to make the
motion to refer it back to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will it be in order now
to move to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, so as to give my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] an opportunity to
speak r
The SPEAKER. The privileged motion made
by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Thompson]
to suspend the rules must be put first.
Mr. CLINGMAN. t hope the gentleman from
Virginia will allow his motion to be passed by for
the present,■• and let us go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will remark, that
the motion to suspend the rules mustbeput now, if
put at all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays. I want to see who
it is that will make these special orders at this late
dav of the session.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. 'CARTTER demanded tellers; but they
were refused.
The question was then taken,and the result was
—ayes 63, noes not counted.
iSo, two thirds not voting in the affirmative, the
rules were not suspended.
CALIFORNIA MINT BILL.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House that I may make
a motion that the Commiteeon Ways and Means
be allowed to report back the Senate hill for the
establishment of a branch Mint at San Francisco,
in California.
Mr. BRIGGS. 1 would ask if it is in order to
move an amendment?
Mr. MARSHALL. Oh, Uriggs, keep quiet!
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The motion is not suscepti-
ble of amendment.
No objection was made to the motion; and
Mr. HOUSTON,from theCommitteeon Ways
and Means, reported hack to the Houie, with
several amendments, Senate bill No. R, entitled
" An act to e.sttblish a branch of the Mint of the
United States in California." 1 have no instruc-
tions in regard to the disposition of this Hill, further
than the ordinary course, which would carry it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. The gentlemen here who represent that
State, however, may desire some other couise. If
they desire to make a motion to put it upon its
passage, I will m ike a statement in regard to the
amendments proposed to the bill by the Committee
on Ways and Means.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow the House to resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and they may put this bfll irito any shape they
desire, so that it may come up hereafter as busi-
ness first m order.
Mr. MARSHALL. This bill has been here
for seven months; and for seven months speeches
have been constantly made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let it go over a day or
two.
Mr. MARSHALL. If if goes over a day or
two, it will eo over until next month. There are
special ordois for every day. and it will not be
reached this session, unless it be taken up now.
It will take but half an hour to pass it now.
Mr. :V/oOORKLn. I move that the bill he put
upon its passage.
Mr. HOUSTON. When the bill shall have
been read, 1 wiil submit a few remarks upon the
amendments which have been proposed by the
Committee on Ways and Means.
The bill was then read through by sections, as
also the amendments proposed by the committee,
which are as follows:
Page I. Strike out word " temporary," in 8th line, and
insert, in lieu thereof, the word " suitable."
Page 1. Strike out word " immediately," on 8th line.
Page 1. After the word " and," on 39th line, insert the
words " until the thirteenth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-five."
Page 1. After the word " of," on 22d line, strike out
"five," and insert "four."
I'age I. After the word " thousand," on 22d line, insert
the words "fi"e hundred."
Page 1. After the word "of," on 95th line, strike out
"four," and insert, in lieu thereof, the word " three."
Page 1. After the word "of," in 25th line, strike out
"three," and insert, in lieu thereof, the word "two."
Page 1. Strike out, after the word " men," on 27th line,
the words "not exceeding twenty."
Page 3. Strike out after the word " laws," on the 2d line,
the word " made," and insert, ill lieu thereof, the words
"now in force."
Add at the end of the bill the following:
Sec. 10. be it farther enacted. That there shall be
charged a seigniorage on the coinage of gold in the Mint of :
the United States, and each of its branches, at a rate or
rate to be established fimn time to time bv the Secretary
of the Treasury, not to exceed, in 111" judgment, the actual
expense of the coinage at said Mint, or branch Mint, re-
spectively : I*rovided: The same shall not bemore than one
per eentnni on the amount coined.
Sec. 31. Jind he it further ertacted, That before the Sec-
retary of the Trea^uiv shall procure or erect the buildings
provided for in the second section of this act, or eommenec
operations under any of the provisions of the same, at San
Francisco, State of California, it shall first be hii dutv to
make a contract, or contracts, for the ereclion of --aid build
ings, and procuring the machineiv neoe«-aiv'or 111'1 oper-
ations of said Mint, at a sum or sums which «hall not in the
I whole exceed the sum of winch said contract, or
cm11racts, shall be sccnreil by gond and sufficient sureties, !
to the satisfaction of the said Secretary of the Treasury and !
the President oT the United States. j
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order to move i
to strike out the ninth action of the bill, and in- I
Bert a section, which the Representatives from Cal- \
lfornia desire submitted to the House'1 j
The SPEAICKR. The Chair supposes it would 1
be in order. Whether it would be in order or ,
not until the amendments of the committee are '
disposed of is another thing1.
Mr. HOUSTON". Then I send up the amend- j
rnent, that it may be voted upon. The amend- |
ment ;s to strike out the ninth section and insert :
the amendment which I send to the Speaker's
table. !
The amendment sent to the table was as fol- ;
lows:
" Strike out section 9, and insert: ;
" JlnJ he it J'lni/icr'en<ute>h Tliat so nine!1 of th(  act
entitled c An net making appropriations fot the cs vil ruul dtp- ,
lomfitio fxpen^c* of Government lor the year endnur the
30th ot June, 18.)i, and for other approved 30th
of September, lSol. us piovidep for the appointment of a
United States as^iyer, and for contiacMins for the asi-aung
and fixmu the value of gold in crams and lump*, and in
foinihujmto bar*, Inj, and the whole of the *-.ud clause is
hereby repealed."
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to say, upon the bill
which has been just reported to the House, that
so far as the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means are concerned, they
are restrictive m their character. The salaries of
the officers in almost everv instance are reduced;
and the seigniorage is subjected to the insulation,
from time to time, of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and is not in any contingency to exceed one
per cent., and in no contingency to exceed the ex-
penditure of the Government incurred at theMint
where the r-'ei^niora^e is charged. The bill has no
1 appropriation in it.
; The necessity for the amendment which theRep-
• resentative from California has placed in my hands
| arises, I understand, from this fact: There is an
[ assay office in San Francisco now, and that office,
' contrary to the intent of its original establish-
; ment, is now coining, instead of liars, fives and
i tens, as I am informed, and from the ineguhiiity
I of their proceedings, and from tiie impropriety of
I the course pursued there, the coinage which comes
from that assay office is now at a discount in Cal-
] lfornia itself, of from three to five per cent., and
in other parts of the country at still <rreater dis-
count. The proposition contained m the nmend-
1 ment which I have just sent up, is. that the pro-
' visions of law by which that assay office was
established, shall "be repealed from the time of the
passage of this law, so as not to curse that coun-
' try, and especially those who dig the sold, and
i have to pay the large per cent, which is charged
| upon them for coining it. I say it is to stop that
j fraud upon the country, and especially upon the
1 gold diggeis, that the amendment is desired by the
S Representative from California.
Mr. Chairman, I move the previous question.
Mr. STUART. I desire to direct a question to
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will hear the question of
the gentleman, keeping the floor, in the mean time,
for my motion.
Mr. STUART. I ask whether the Committee
on Ways and Means are in possession of this in-
formation from reliable sources, or whether they
have it from hearsay ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I had it from the gentleman "
from California who stands before me, [Mr. Mc-
Corkle,] who represents that State in part, and I
believe I had it from the other gentleman from
California, over the way, [Mr. Marshall,] and
I certainly had it from one of the Senators from
that State', that these things are true. I have heard
it very frequently, and it has been repeated to me
to-day. I have no doubt of the existence of the
fact. I move the previous question.
Mr. STUART. It strikes me that it would be
better to limit the powers of the assay office than
to repeal the law.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the rules of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. It is well
known that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Gentry] wishes to address the House to-day.
We can then come back into the House, and pass
this bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to accomplish pre-
cisely what my friend from Georgia [Mr. Ste-
phens] does; but what will then be the condition
of this bill?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will ask the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means
to withdraw his cal! for the previous question,and
move to refer this bill to some committee, and then
it will come up to-morrow.
Mr. SPEAKER. Otherwise it will go to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. "It will take but a few mo-
ments to pass this bill, if the House is in favor of
it. Therefore I adhere to my call for the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the House
will not sustain it.
[Cries of " Question !" " Question !" from all
parts of the Hall.]
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to ask the chairman of
theConimitt.ee on Ways and Means a question 
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order. The previous question has been demanded,
and it is not in order to propound any interroga-
tories, or answer any after that is done.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order raised, and the proposition of the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] is not in or-
der.
Mr. BROOKS. I move a call of the House,
because this question should not be passed through
in this way. This bill ought not to go through
the House without bemic printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] cannot submit any proposi-
tion to the House during the pendency of the call
for the previous question.
Mr. HALL. I rise to a question of order,
which is to inquire whether it would be in order
to move to make this bill the special order for .to-
morrow ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is not in or-
der.
Mr. HALL. I then ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House that this bill may be made the
special order for to-morrow.
Mr. BROOKS. Give us a little more time. I
will make no objection if you will give a little fur-
ther time.
Mr. HALL. To-morrow, then, and from day
to day until disposed of.
Mr. STEPHENS. I object. I call for my
motion, that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CARTTER. I demand tellers upon that
motion.
Tellers were appointed,and Messrs. Stephens,
of Georgia, and Marshall, of California, were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 45.
