1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
653
that we are responsible 'for acts of omission as
well as commission, the Senator is chargeable
with a full share of guilt for whatever wrong the
admission of California may be supposed to in-
flict.
It is well known to you, Mr. President, that I
have never justified the admission of California;
and in that respect 1 have no inconsistencies to
answer for. hi the last speech I made upon the
compromise, 1 stated distinctly and emphatically
that my original opinions were unchanged; that'I
submitted to it because, among other things, resist-
ance was a folly and a madness. Two of the most
powerful Southern States had given overwhelming
majorities for the bill. Did the Senator expect me
to go home and preach the duty of secession from
Tennessee and Kentucky—from Virginia, Ma-
ryland, Texas, Missouri," North Carolina—from
all but the few States usually designated as the i
"cotton States?" Did he expect me to aid lnm
in the establishment of a little Confederacy upon
the Gulf, within whose narrow limits such men
as the Senator might figure conspicuously? 1
resisted the passage of the law. When passed—
and by the aid of Southern men who had as good
a right to judge as I had—i submitted to a decision
1 could not prevent.
The Senator says I denounced the admission of
California as unconstitutional. It will be difficult
for him to find such language m any speech of mine.
But suppose such was the tendency of my argu-
ment, was I to insist, on that, opinion as infallible in
opposition to the opinions of so many Southern
men older and alder than 1 am' M y own construc-
tion of the Constitution would of course govern
me, so long as T was called on to vote or speak in
tins Chamber; but when the matter had passed
from us, wnen it became a. question of submission
or civil war, I was fully at lihertv to distrust my
own judgment, and to hesitate before i* advised a
resort to that last dreadful alternative. I trust that
I am free fioni the airoganee of supposing that my
judgment is infallible, and that no man can be an
honest and incorruptible friend of' the South whose
opinions do not coincide with mine. 1 da) not
believe, and T would not say, that man y of ou r best
men (yourselfincluded) were pithei traitors to the
South or ignorant of the Constitution. I thought
it quite as likely that \ might be mistaken as that
you were, and acted accordingly.
The Senator says, (hat at one time 1 counselled
a dissolution of the Union. Not so. The very
fipeeche^ from winch he lias read piove the utter
falsity of the charge. On ihe llth of February,
]8ri(i, m the speech from whkh he ha? read, 1 used
this language:
f know  h;it to me uxiivulmlly thcte h,s<. Ik cu aim billed
;i ddibeiafe design to ili^-ohe this Union. Grcnt tiod!
what have [ ro £,uii f>y such a course ■ I have no bitter
enmities auuimt any '■tvtion, ui ni'auj^i anv part)-. I have
no disappointed ampliations iu<!uia me on to desperate ex-
pedient* There is not in this luoad land a individ-
ual uiLh fewer motive^ to du-tutl) its haiimmy. I have
Inends, and wami m all it- part*. Foi a fmiir tiruo I
commanded a New Faiyland K-ciment. For a Ion* tunc I
was associated with Northern men in all flie ceia's winch jj
mako up the chan^ni'ul dinina ot a *o!«her'u htr, Doe- any !
one suppose tiiat J can contemplate with >aii-jfaction tic
possibility of statahnir face to iac<> ;«tv loe--Willi lho-:e by |>
whom I have so often .nood hide bv cide a- t'n.-nd-; The t!
ehanjp i« a giovtj ab^uuhty ; but even ab^u/diues may conn* j i
to he believed by constant repetition.'7 ' jj
•How was it possible forme to have used .stronger ,j
language in repelling the charge of disunion ? It I,
seems to me that it would have been impossible to \
select words of plainer import. \[
Again, sir, I said: b
" VInch n. this T cannot prevent; hot vvIich the charge i* j'
inadelieie in m\ presence, that I airi a thctionrn, oi that fi
lliosr who act with meaic -o. f &hall repel it m ictni- which j,
admit ot'no double meaning- Sii, ! do not behevi- that ]i
then- is a Mn<;Ie man in the eame'South who der-iif", dn- \ i
umou tor Jlaeif.'" !.
Here 1 not only repelled it for myself, but for i.
all who weie acting with me. At that day I be- ,
lieved what 1 said. At that day I believed there
was not a traitor to be found in the broad savan- !
nabs of the South. 1 regret that I have been com- j
pelled to change that opinion, [n that respect I 1
have been inconsistent; and if the Senator had
based his charge upon that ground, I should have ,
entered no defence. It is with pain and mortifi- j
cation I acknowledge there are those among us i
who have avowed not merely a willingness but i
an anxiety to level this fair fabric with the ground. ;
I know that in the eyes of such men I have com- ;
mitted a deadly sin. But it is one of which I have :
not repented; and I now repeat, that as long as a
hand of mine can be raised to prevent it, not one
stone, not one atom, of that glorious edifice shall
be removed.
Another extract, and I shall leave this branch of j I
the subject. It is from my speech of the 20th j1
of February, 1850, in reply to Mr. Clay: }j
" The Senator is mistaken if he supposes lie can say any- ! j
thing ot the possible consequences ot disunion which lia* '!
not occurred to u^. "We have often manifested our sense t
of the oviN of disunion, and never moie 5.0 than at the ;■
present tune. We do not mean to dissolve," &c. 1!
After these emphatic declarations, made at all !j
times, not only during the pendency of the com- j,
promise measures, but before their introduction; :
not made after it wan ascertained that Southern j
men had voted for and sustained them, but before
I could possibly know what course they would
pursue, u hat right did any man have to suppose '
that I would advocate secession, both from the
North and a large portion of the South? The
truth is, that no man did believe it. No one at :
that day dreamed of disunion, save as a desperate 1
remedy for intolerable oppression. None looked'1
to it as a thing to be desired. It was contemplated
by all with a shudder, although some of us cer- ;
tainly behe\cd it might become a necessity; for :
whatever violent language may have been used by '
me or others, there was an excuse in the attend"-'
nig circumstances not now to be found. We came I
here claiming certain rights and privileges, which |'
it was alleged had been denied us by the previous j1
Congivss, of which the Senator from South Caro- j
hna was a member. In that Mate of the case, |
smaiting under what we believed to be serious and !
aggravated wrongs, it was not to be expected that ■
the language employed m our speeches would be ,
characterized by great moderation. in th.it speech |
of mine upon the Vermont resolutions, w hich lias ■!
so delighted the Senator from South Carolina, 1 :j
did comment, in strong terms, upon many acts of j
injustice winch had been perpetrated upon tfie f'
South. I took occasion to warn Northern men ^
that they must not only pause, but thev must ie- ^
trace their steps. They did so. Prev ions to that \
time, every northern State, except iowa, had in-!,
structed their Seiiatois to vote for the Wihnm ,■
proviso. Before the session was half ov or, the pi 0-
viso was dead. In some cases, the resolutions of ;
instructions were repealed, and in oihers, (hose!
thus instructed took the responsibility of voting for j;
temtoird lulls without it. We had no bill for the
lecaptuieot' fugitive slaves. That Congress passed i!
a bill in nil respeits Mich ah the South demanded. ;j
We had been, evei since the date of the Missoun i|
compromise, excluded fimn all territojy noith of,.
3'P 30'. This restriction was removed, and ater- 'i
ritoital government established for Utah, whose j
southern boundary line is 37°, containing an ex- !,
press guarantee that it might come into the Union Jj
with or without sla\ ery, as her constitution might ! ■
prescribe. The spirit of fanaticism which had j
been abiodil at the North everywhei e began to dis- •,
appear,and the action of both Legislatures and j'
Conventions indicated a detei mmation to respect j
the constitutional right., of the Souih. There are ;
now two h'enators on this floor whose election was j
a consequence of this happier state of feeling. 1
mean the Senator from New Jersey, [A1r. Sroei,.-
ton,] and the Senator from Rhode Island. [Mr. i
Jamls.] I know they will not take it u..kuid ni
me for thus refeumg to them, and adding, as 1
gladly do, tlnd there are no two men 111 this body '
more firmly determined 10 mete out e<pia! and ex-
act justice to evei y set rion of the I'liiou. Coulu
f, with any regard to tmth ui de< eocy, with these ,
facts staling me in the face, persist m a coio&e of
denunciatmn which could only have ihe elTect of
exasperating those who were cont-eious of doing
all they could to merit kindei ti ealmeot: Such a
course might, indeed, have been ranfymg to the
Senator from South Carolina, a,id to 'ihose who.
like him, seek a dissolution of the Union: but it
would neither have been eieditable to me, nor ac-
ceptable to ihe honest and ;tr:otic people 1 repre-
sent. If the s anie state of things existed now
which did exist at the uaie of that speech, it is
cmite possible I migh' emplov language as ^'tronii
as any then used. Hut that sure of tilings has
passed away, and it is the parr of a £ood citizen
to bury with n all memory of the bitteriu-ss to
which it gave rise.
The Senator has been exceedingly cautious no;
i to touch that part of my argument which relates
to the territorial bills. Even he felt that was im-
pregnable, and he chose rather to indulge in com-
plaints of my laudations of the Union. On that,
as on other points, lie misunderstands me. I sing
no hosannas to a Union whicli is one in name
only, not in spirit. I do not wish to see this peo-
ple tied together by a hateful bond, while discord-
ant interests and rankling jealousies gangrene its
separate parts. It was not such a Union which
Washington and Jackson meant when they urged
us to preserve it. They wished—I wish—-all of
us should'wish—a Union of a different kind—in
which each member cherishes an habitual respect
for the rights of the others—in which all are
taught to belie\e that it is impossible for any of
its members to deliberately intend to do wrong-
that some charity is due to errors and mistakes—
that injustice must be tempoiary only—that a
common interest, the recollections of past glory,
and the anticipations of fuiuie greatness cannot
fail in the end to correct whatever evils passion or
prejudice may have spoken into being. It is for
a Union of this sort only that 1 ha\e been earn-
estly pleading with my countrymen. The Sena-
tor has been as zealously engaged in seeking to
destroy it. llis mission is to inculcate jealousies
of the North. Addressing himself to those who
have not the time or the oppoi tunity to investigate
for themselves, he .says that the people of the
Northern Suites are a horde of lobbers, whose
chief occupation consists in devising schemes to
rob the South—that there is among them a reck-
less disregard of law, which prevenis tiie execu-
tion of Congressional enactments—and that mur-
der has ceased to be « punishable offence, if com-
mitted upon atitizen of the South 111 pursuit of
his piopeity. It is not surprising that he has
thus succeeded, to M>ine extent, in estranging one
portion of the country from the other. His co-
laboroisat the North have also met with some
success. It has thus become the duty of every
patriot to address himself to the task of removing
ihese discontents, and to inculcate the hi^h duty
of loving one another. Let the voice of the dem-
agogue everywhere be answered by truth and rea-
son, and we shall soon witness a better and a
bnghter eia.
With his usual inaccuracy, the Scnatoi from
South Carolina bus -ventured 10 assert thai no
Slate has ever been admitted into the Union with-
out a previous act of Congress, authorizing the
adoption of a constitution and form of State gov-
ernment. The Senator might have learned, even
from my speeches if be had read them for any pur-
pose but to garble and distoi t, how utterly at \ an-
auce this assci lion was with the facts. I had occa-
sion oik e befuie to refer to ail the acts of Congress
upon the subject, and now lead from the tables
then prepared, the accuiacy of which canrot be
ipiestiontd.
In Vermont there wa>* no act of Congress au-
thorizing the people to form f- constitution ami
State government; m Kentucky there was none;
in Tennessee there was none; m Maine there was
none; in Arkansas tln-re was none; m Michigan
there was none; m Florida there was none, and
in Iowa there was none. 1 Lore, sis, are nine Slates
winch, a  < oidmg to the logic of the Senator, are
illegally and unconstitutionally members of thu.
Confederacy. Some ot them wei e admitted im-
mediately aftei ihe adoption of the Constitution,
when the {Valuers of that instrument them-vkv.
held seats in Congress, but no one heard at ih-v-
day of the miserable quibble that "State* " only
couid be admitted. The practice of the Govern-
ment, from its foundation, has been to lo<-k to the
attending circumstances in some cases they have
passed acts authon/.mg- the establishment of Stan*
government:-; 01 other* they have not. Thev
have always claimed and extrused the p ucei of
dispensing with formalities, and of bcheg uov^jm. d.
by what f-eemed to be lb- oublie good.
■ The Senator lYoin South Carohne esuhmg'y
i informed us that he was nevfovuimg the i.ooe op-
eration noon me thai I had perform*-.!, upon Mr
Ft ote. [ think he has found out bv this tune
that be hud a troublesome subject. Tin operator
himself lias not esiapeu wuhonr suffer".r.2\ Bni
lie may console himself by the reflection that he
is not alone. He is not the first man who has un-
dertaken the task and regretted it before if was
concluded. 1 did ipiote extracts from some of Mr.
Foote's speeches; but it was done in a spirit of
, kindness and courtesy, with none of that rancor-
