2430
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
ration per day when on duty at their stations, to be com-
muted at the prices now authorized when tiaveling 011
duty."
These persons now rcceive £700 a year, and
this amendment will give them twenty cents a day
in addition. The amendment will follow the other
sections in the bill.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the pay and equipment of mounted riflemen, find-
ing their own horses and forage, of the volunteeis reiving
under the command of Captain J. 0 Fremont in California
durins the year 1846, as appears from tiie muster rolls in
the War Department, and tor the subsistence and supplies
furnished to such volunteers in said service dollars;
and the Secretary of War is authorized and required to
appoint three competent officers of tiie Army of the United
States to examine, and report upon alt such claims as may
be presented for subsistence and supplies of all kinds, fur-
nished or taken for the use of said command wluie thus en-
gaged in the public service. And that upon being satisfied
of the correctness of the claims which may be reported on
favorably, in whole or in part, shall proceed to audit and
pay the same; and for the expenses of the said board of
officers, the sum of $2,000 is hereby appiopriated.
In accordance with an estimate from the Depart-
ment, I propose to fill up the first blank with
$16,527. The amount of those claims which have
been liquidated, is §24,714, and the amount still
claimed $26,055, making altogether about $67,000.
I move to fill the blank with $67,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to have some
explanation of this amendment. I understand
that it proposes to establish a commission to ascer-
tain tne expenses of the battalion raised in Cali-
fornia under Colonel Fremont.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes. A bill for that purpose
has already passed the Senate this session, and it
has gone to the House of Representatives; but it
is well known that that bill will lie on their table
during the present session. The payment of these
claims has been so long delayed that it is time the
Government should adopt some moans of satisfy-
ing them. They must be met some time or other;
as the Senate has already taken action on the sub-
ject, I shall not waste time by discussing it at
length now.
Mr. WELLER. 1 think the Senator from Illi-
nois will find that the entire amount required for
the pay of the battalion is $101,000; and the es-
timate of which he speaks is an estimate for the
subsistence and supplies that have been furnished,
and amounts to §67,000. I would suggest to him
the propnefy of including both, so as to make the
amount §168,000.
The amendment proposes to appoint three offi-
cers of the Army, whose duty it shall be to inves-
tigate all these claims for supplies and subsistence
furnished to Fremont's battalion in California. It
is well known, at all events it is in California, that
there are many of these claims which are fraudu-
lent, or of a doubtful character. I do not think
we ought to pay all the claims -which may be pre-
sented; because I am satisfied there aie several of
them of a most extravagant character. For in-
stance, there are some claims for horses furnished
at the rate of $125 apiece, when it is well known
that m 184fi horses could be purchased ill Cali-
fornia for from §15 to S95 apiece. Therefore, I
hold that it is necessary that there should be a
commission appointed for the purpose of investi-
gating all these claims. But I think it is neces-
sary to insert §101,000 for the pay of the officers
and men. The pay rolls have been admirably
kept by a gentleman of hi^h character—Major
Reading—who is now in this city.
Mr. SIKELOS. The gentleman from Califor-
nia is correct. 1 have looked since at the esti-
mates, and 1 find that there are §101,000 for pay,
and §67,000 for subsistence and supplies. 1 there-
fore move to fill the blank with §]6S,000.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Illinois, I un-
derstand, now proposes to fill the blank with
§168,000. I wish to make a statement before the
vote is taken on tlmt motion. I think there can be
no dispute that the amount ought to be increased in
some degree. Some of these claims have not been
presented to the War Department. There are a
number of subsistence claims which have not been
presented. For instance, the claim of Arguello
passed the Senate by a unanimous vote. That
amounts to about §11,000. A number of other
claims have been filed before Congress, but not in
the Departments. There arc various other claims
. amounting to about §25,000 or §30,000, which
have been acted upon or are now being acted upon
by the committees of Congress which have not
been filed at the War Department. I hope, there-
fore, that the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs will put the amount at §200,000. As
1 have stated, one claim for §11,000 has passed
the Senate; there is another—Mr. Alexander's
claim—amounting to about §5,000, which has been
referred to the appropriate committee, and there
is a claim of Mr. Melish also before the commit-
tee, which have not yet been acted upon. These
claims have been presented to my own knowledge.
Then there is the claim of Thomas O.Larkin,
which was presented to Congress at the last ses-
sion, and which, I believe, has not been presented
to the War Department. 1 therefore ask the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs to
fill the blank with §200,000. I think it will be
perfectly safe to put in that amount.
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not know that I un-
derstand the object of this amendment, but I
remember very well, some years ago, about the
time these expenses were incurred, a bill was
reported appropriating §750,000 for the purpose.
Mr. GWIN. And it passed the Senate.
Mr. ATCHISON. Now it seems that this ap-
propriation to pay Colonel Fremont's battalion,
and the quartermaster's and the commissary'sde-
partment of the expenditures of that Commission,
during the time that battalion was in the service of
the United States, amounts to §101,000. It is very
strange to me that these expenditures have dimin-
ished in this way. It is contrary to the usual
course.
Mr. WELLER. We do not suppose that
§100,000 will pay all the claims against the battal-
ion, because it is well known that good claims to
t.he amount of at least §800,000 have been pre-
sented; but we suppose that this appropriation
would be sufficient to pay all the claims which
require no investigation, and that are here in the
city. It will be necessary to make an appropri-
ation to pay the balance of the claims after there
has been an investigation.
Mr. ATCHISON. Verywell; that is all right.
Mr. SHIELDS. The pay of this battalion can
be ascertained from the muster rolls. I intended
to make provision that we should pay them ac-
cording to the muster rolls, instead of putting the
amount in the amendment; but I agreed, at the
request of Senators, to put in the amount, for it is
the same tiling; ill the end. The number ofclaims
that can be ascertained definitely can very easily
be arranged, but the residue cannot be so easily
ascertained. They will depend upon the proof
mode before the board, and upon what the board
may determine. I say there is no use in making
ail appropriation of an amount of money at this
time to pay the whole, because the board will not
be able to act until we meet again; and the object
is me"rely to make an appropriation that will cover
the claims that are plain and clear, and about
which there is no question, and not those which
are litigated and disputed.
Mr. "GWIN. 1 will take the Senator's amend-
ment as it is.
The motion to fill the blank with §168,000 was
agreed to.
The amendment.,as thus modified, was adopted.
Mr. SHI ELDS. The next amendment which
I have to offer is to add:
Sec. —. JlvH be il further enacted, That the second
section of an act entitled "An act to provide for Hie settle-
ment of the accounts of the public officeis and others who
may have received nionevs arising fioin military eoutrihu-
tioti-> m otherwise in Mexico," approved March 3d, 1849,
shall be so construed ai to extend to officers and other per-
sons who were en?a! cd in the collection of military contri-
butions as collectors in any part of Mexico or California,
(InrmiT the wai with Mexico, so mat the benefits of the pro-
vmioim of said section shall apply equally to all, whether
tliey have paid into the Treasury all the public money in
their hands or not.
This is to supply an omission in the former law.
It was intended that payment should be made to
those men; but the construction given to the act
by the Attorney General was, that it was con-
fined to sea-ports, and did not extend to inland
ports. This is merely accomplishing what ought
to have been done by previous legislation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment is to
add:
Sec.— . Jlnt he it further enacted, That the Board of
proval of the President of the United States, be, and they,
or a part of them, are hereby, authorised and directed to
examine the Blue Lick-Springs and the land attached there-
to, and if the same be found eligible for the purpose, and can
be secured of the proprietors, or anysuitable quantity of the
. land, including the buildings, at a reasonable price, to pur-
i chase the same for the Government of the United States,
and to locate thereon the Western Military Asylum.
I would state that both the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the committee of the House have
agreed upon this proposition, and that it meets the
concurrence of the Department.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this is
giving an advantage to the proprietors of one site.
It confines the officers to the selection of one place,
and they can select no other, provided that the
price of this satisfies them.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will merely state that the
commissioners who have examined this matter in
the West, have made no location; but it is consid-
ered that this is the most eligible site in the West,
and can be procured for one fifth the amount of
money required for any other location in that
region of country; but the amendment does not
require them to take it. It is the wish of the De-
partments, and of the Military Committees, that
this place may be examined, and be precured, if
it can be obtained on reasonable terms.
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not understand this
matter exactly; but I think that the Senator from
Virginia understands it. The .effect would be to
confine the officers to the selection and purchase
of the Blue Lick Springs, in the State of Ken-
tucky, for the Western Military Asylum. The
Senator from Illinois says that this site can be
purchased at a smaller sum than any other eligi-
ble site in the West. I do not see how this can
well be; for I know something of the Blue Lick;
I know it is considered a very valuable property.
It is made valuable because it is so extensive and
so fashionable a watering place. It is perhaps
more so than any other in the State of Ken-
tucky or the western country. Now, unless there
be something peculiarly healthy in the waters of
| the Blue Lick, there is nothing to recommend it
as a healthy place, or to induce the commissioners
to locate the asylum there more than at any other
place that I know of.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will merely state that the
commissioners did not, examine that portion of
the country. They did not know that this place
was salable at the time they made their examina-
tions. It has since been ascertained that this site
can be procured for a much smaller sum than any
site in that portion of the country where they in-
tend locating this asylum. I believe it is a very
eligible and very healthy site. All they want is
permission to go and examine it; and if it is found
eligible, and can be purchased at a reasonable
price, that they shall have authority to purchase it.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw my objection.
I care nothing about it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Allow me to say to
gentlemen that the amendment does not compel
the officers to buy it. If they cannot procure the
: property for a reasonable price, of course it will
| be their duty not to buy it; but if they can get it
! at a reasonable price, and if it answers their pur-
j pose, then they are authorized to make the pur-
j Mr. SHIELDS. To remove all objection, I
t move to amend the amendment by striking out
| the words " and directed," so as merely to author-
ize the officers to do it.
: Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection to
that.
| The amendment to the amendment was agreed
| to, and the amendment as amended was agreed *
; to.
j Mr. SHIELDS. The next amendment I have
I to offer, is to add:
! Sec.—. JInd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
1 of War be directed to procure a sufficient number of cam-
; els, to ascertain whether or not tliev can be naturalized and
! rendered serviceable upon this continent, and that the sum
i of$30,000 be appropriated for the purpose.
This question was brought up by the former
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
i (Mr. Davis, of Mississippi,) and at that time I
r helped to vote down the proposition. Since
|; then the Committee on Military Affairs have
\\ made a thorough examination of this matter, and
!| they have come to the conclusion, that if camels
can be naturalized and acclimated in this country,
~ d
officers designated by the act of the 3d of March, 185L, to ;; through the whole South and Southwest, ana
procure sites for the military asylums, by and with the ap- ; away to the Pacific, they will perform better ser-
