1566
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Mr. JONES. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. ROBBINS. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw the motion,and to withdraw his objec-
tion to the resolution which I have offered. It
cannot be offered unless it be done to-day.
Mr. FO WXiER. I request the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw the motion to adjourn, to
enable me to submit resolutions from the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts, merely for the purpose of
having them referred and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES. X am willing the House should
vote to-morrow to adjourn over as long as they
wish, but I cannot withdraw the motion now,
The question was then put, and the House re-
fused to adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I now ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present resolutions from
the Legislature of Massachusetts.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia. I object.
A Member. Let us have the motion to adjourn
over.
Mr. JONES. I am willing to move to-morrow,
that when the'House adjourns, it adjourn to meet
on Friday next.
A Member. But some one will object, as you
do now.
Mr. JONES. They cannot object.
Several Voices. Yes they can.
Mr. JONES. I wish to know if a motion that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
a given time, is not in order at any time, and
whether it does not take precedence of a motion to
adjourn?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
The motion will be in order to-morrow, though
without a quorum it will not be competent for the
House to adjourn, except from day to day.
Mr. JONES. But we shall surely have a quo-
rum here to-morrow. I am willing to make that
motion then, but I object to its being made now.
HARBOR BILL,
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Ne>v York, then, by unan-
imous consent, introduced, from the Committee
on Commerce, a bill making appropriation for the
improvement of certain rivers and harbors*, which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. FOWLER. I appeal to the House now
to allow me to introduce the resolutions which I
hold in my hand from the Massachusetts Legis-
lature, for the purpose of reference.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object, and
move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion agreed
to; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Movoav, June 14, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, made in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate of the 10th instant, calling upon that
Department to report " upon the practicability,
4 utility, and probable cost of a ship-canal across
4 the Peninsula of Florida; and also, to communi-
* cyte such information as it may be in possession
4 of in relation to the navigation of tiie Stiaits of
* Florida, the losses accruing thereon, and thedan-
*gers and dilficuities incident thereto." It states,
that from general and unofficial information it be-
lieves the plan would be practicable and capable
of being executed at a reasonable expense m com-
parison with the great advantages which would
result from such a work. It states, also, that it
is probable the ocean commerce of the American
ports, and the Gulf of Mexico, inward and out-
ward, foreign and domestic, exceeds $250,000,000
joer annum, besides that of the Mexican and other
foreign ports on the Gulf. That all the above
commerce has to encounter the dangerous navi-
gation of the Florida coasts and reefs, and all the
inwai'd portion of it, the equally dangerous navi-
gation of the Bahama banks; and that a difference
of insurance on the above amount of only one half
of one per cent, by a ship-canal through Florida,
would be an annual saving of a million and a
quarter of dollars, while a still larger amount
would be saved in the expenses of the vessels, and
a consequent reduction in the rate of freight by
shortening the voyage, as would be the case by a
route through such a canal. Such is the danger
in the present navigation, that the rate of insur-
ance from New York to New Orleans is equal to
that from New York to China. The communi-
cation was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD presented a resolution of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York,
in favor of a reciprocity arrangement with the
British North American Provinces for the free in-
terchange of the natural productions of these
countries, embracing also a full and joint, partici-
pation in the fisheries and the free navigation of
the river St. Lawrence; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARKE presented the petition of Wil-
liam L. Martin, praying an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of Daniel Warner and others,
citizens of Rhode Island, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as
the " homestead bill,5' may become a law; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WADE presented three petitions of citizens
of Ashland county, Ohio, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, commonly known
as the 44 homestead bill," may become a law;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
iMr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented two petitions
of citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Salem to Columbus City, in that
State; which weie referred to the Committee on
the Post Oflicc and Post Roads.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the memorial of the
Indiana Central Rulroad Company, praying that
the payment of the duties on railroad iron im-
ported by them may be postponed; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Henry R. Schoolcraft, praying compensation for
certain moneys disbursed by him in the Indian
country, submitted an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Henry R.Schoolcraft,
praying to he allowed the pay and emoluments of
a captain duringtwo expeditions, in 1831 and 1832,
to discover the true source of the Mississippi river,
submitted an adverse report thereon.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Dr. Avery
Downer, asking to be allowed compensation for
services us suigeon's mate during the revolu-
tionary war, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for luy relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the followmgpetitions, submitted ad-
verse reports thereon:
Petition of Rachel Abbot, praying a pension for
the services of her husband in the revolutionary
war;
Petition of Dinah Mount, widow of a soldierin
the revolutionary war, praying a pension;
Petition of Lydia Lord, widow of John Lord,
praying a pension;
Petition of Hannah Thompson, praying that
the pension she now receives may be continued
for life; and
Petition of Mary Colcord, praying a pension in
consideration of the services of her father, Brad-
street Wiggin, during the revolutionary wai.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to which was referred the memorial of
Isaac Bigelow, praying to be allowed compensa-
tion for loss of clothing on board the steamer
Missouri, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred the followingpetitionsandbills from
the House of Representatives, submitted adverse
reports thereon, which were ordered to be printed:
Petition of James T. Eells, praying a pension
for the services of his father, Lieutenant Jeremiah
B. Eells, during the revolutionary war;
Petition of Edward Milton, a sergeant in the
United States Army, praying an increase of pen-
sion ;
Petition of legal representatives of Joseph Ford,
an officer in the war of the Revolution, praying a
pension; and
Bill from the House of Representatives for the
relief of Jonas D. Piatt.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the jjetition of Emily H. Plummer,
praying a pension for the services of her husband,
Captain Samuel M. Plummer, who died from dis-
ease contracted during the Mexican war, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for her relief;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave, to introduce a bill for in-
creasing the compensation of the Assistant Post-
masters General, and providing for their future
appointment by the President, by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CUSTOM-HOXJSE REGULATIONS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquire whether any legislation is necessary or expedient
to exempt vessels, driven by bliessof weaihcr, and anchor-
ing in any of our poits,fiom the ordinary detentions and
requisitions of the custom-house.
CATLIN'S COLLECTION OF INDIAN SCENES.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
resolution, submitted by Mr. Seward on the 8th
instant, m relation to the purchase of a collection
of Indian Scenes and Portraits, by George Catlin,
which, having been amended, was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, Tiiat a select committee, to consist of three
members, be appointed by the President oi the Senate,
to inquire into the expediency of purchasing Mi-. George
Cathn's collection ot Indian Scenes and Portraits, which
arc in danger of being sold and lost to this countiy.
The PRESIDENT pro Jem. appointed Mr. Sew-
ard, Mr. Gwin, and Mr. Underwood, as the
select committee for the above purpose.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate to
change the name of the steamer Brilliant.
REMEDIES TO PATENTEES.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill giving further
remedies to patentees; and no further amendments
being offered, it was reported to the Senate.
The question was stated to be on the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, I
desire to say that it seems to me the bill is still ob-
jectionable. I cannot understand fully the pro-
priety of restricting the operation of this law to
territories contiguous to the United States. I
cannot see why we should not extend the remedy
so as to guard against violations of patents in ter-
ritories that are not contiguous. The communi-
cation between the United States and England
especially has been rendered so convenient and
speedy, that a patent may be violated in England
and introduced across the Atlantic almost as
readily as from Canada. I rise not to offer any
amendment to this bill, but to suggest to those
who have it in charge the propriety of extending
its remedies so as to embrace those violations of
patent rights that may be committed in England,
or in other territories, whether contiguous ornot,
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I was induced to take
some little hand in this bill in consequence of the
belief that it might possibly affect my constituents.
I have secured such amendments to it as that they
cannot be touched, unless they violate the law
knowingly and willfully. I am therefore content
with having secured those privileges to them, and
am not anxious to extend the amendment to the
patent laws beyond what our Northern bmhieu
seem to ask for. If the manufacture! s of those
articles which we of the South consume, nnd do
not manufacture, are content to take it in reference
