654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 28,
ous bitterness which characterized the effort of i
the Senator from South Carolina. It was sudden j
and unpremeditated—notbrooded overformonths. j
I did not hug to my bosom a cherished hatred, and
watch an opportunity to stab the reputation of
another. .
The extract from my speech which has been
selected by the Senator as the theme of his dis-
course, is not the part which rankled. He has
chosen to dwell upon that, but I know well where
the sting was found. I did not express any great
admiration for his abilities, and that is the wound
his vanity could not pardon. Sir, he had no right
to complain of my denouncing, in strong terms,
his disunion sentiments. I but followed an ex-
ample he had set me. When John &. Adams
presented a petition in the House of Representa-
tives, praying a dissolution of the Union, a resolu-
tion was immediately introduced to expel him.
After much discussion, Mr. Boots, of Virginia,
moved to lay it on the table. The Senator from
South Carolina voted against the motion, thus
showing that, in his opinion, Mr. Adams ought to
be expelled for merely presenting a petition in
favor of disunion. I have not said the Senator
ought to be expelled. I have said nothing of him
as strong as that vote said of Mr. Adams, and yet
the crime of the one was as nothing, compared to
that of the other. Mr. Adams acted in accordance
with what he believed to be the right of the peo-
ple, to be heard by petition. Mr. Rhett, for
nimself, proclaims again and again upon this floor
that he is a disunionist. I shall not indicate what
punishment he deserves, if measured by his own
standard.
The Senator arraigns my vote upon the bound-
ary of Texas, and, as usual, falls into error. In-
deed, sir, while listening to him, I felt utterly
astounded that, after so long a preparation, he
should have been so wholly uninformed. The
Texas bill, for which you and I voted, never
formed a part of the u omnibus." It was intro-
duced by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pearce,] after the " omnibus " was killed. It
established for Texas totally different boundaries,
and gave to her nine hundred miles on the Rio
Grande, and enough territory for two States more
than Mr. Calhoun said belonged to her.
The Senator descanted on the fact that I said I
would not vote to repeal the bill abolishing the
slave trade in the District of Columbia; and an-
nounced, with great emphasis, that it is not the
mere fact that the slave trade is abolished in the
District of Columbia to which he objects, but that
it is the penalty affixed to a violation of the law.
Does not that Senator know that that very penalty
has been affixed to it since 1801? Does not that
Senator know that the only effect of the bill which
passed at the last Congress was to extend the pro-
visions of the law of 1801 to the citizens of Mary-
land? It was copied, word for word, from the
Maryland law, which had been extended to this
District ever since 1801, except as to Virginia and
Maryland. There has not been a time since 1801
when that Senator, or any citizen of South Caro-
lina, could have brought a slave here and offered
him for sale without incurring the penalty of eman-
cipation. Yet this is now raised as a bugbear
with which to frighten grown men at the South.
It has not alarmed us much heretofore; we have
submitted to it with a very great degree of patience.
It is too late now, when it is only extended to the
State of Maryland, for us to raise complaints upon
the subject. That bill of 1801 was approved by
Thomas Jefferson; and Maryland, the only party
interested, heartily approves of the law of 1850.
There is another matter to which 1 must refer.
The Senator from South Carolina chose to read an
extract from my speech, upon which he put a
construction which he knew, or ought to have
known, it would not bear. In reference to Mr.
Calhoun, I said:
" wa3 never a secessionist, and I am authorized to
say lhat the proof of it will before long be. given to (he
w W.He regarded the attempt of a single State to go out
of the Union as madness, and died m that opinion.
I did not mean to assert that Mr. Calhoun did
not believe there might be a right of secession. I
used the term " secessionist" as the Senator un-
derstands it. And I state again, that Mr. Cal-
houn did hold the opinion that the secession of a
single State would be madness. In a conversation
which 1 had with him, out a short time previous
to his death, he said: " We could have carried
* matters much further than we did in 1832, but
* then Tennessee would have been arrayed against
4 South Carolina, Kentucky against Virginia, and
* other Southern States against each other, and that
' would have defeated the very object we had in
* view. My object was to consolidate the whole
'South, to unite them upon one platform, and 1
' never would do any act which could estrange one
(portion of them from another." That was his
policy, honestly entertained, however wrong I
may think it to be. But as for the secession, the
peaceable secession of a single State, he always
knew it was madness. It was something which
his great mind could not comprehend.
I am charged with saying, on a former occasion,
that disunion might be peaceable. True, I did
say so, and I say so again. If the whole of the
Southern States should determine to leave the
Union, I think they would be permitted to go j
peaceably, because any attempt at coercion would j
be folly. But even then 1 have no idea that peace ;
could exist for any length of time. With a long |
line of frontier, upon which posts and garrisons
would necessarily be kept up by both parties,
causes of dissension would soon arise, and war,
with all its evils, would soon be upon us. That,
however, is a totally different thing from the at-
tempt of one, or two, or three States to go out by
themselves. In that event, force would certainly
be used. Those whose sympathies were on the
side of the invaded State, would rush to her res-
cue, and thus the whole Republic might become
involved in a war which would terminate only
with the termination of our liberties.
The Senator complains that I went from Wash-
ington a"submissionist." I did go from here pre-
pared to submit to the law, and to perform my part
as a good citizen under it. I went from here with
the impression that although we had not obtained
all we asked, still we had obtained something
with which we could afford to be content. When
I reached Alabama I found demagogues har-
anguing the people all through the State, endeav-
oring to persuade them that they had been wronged,
outraged, and robbed; and I did there what I hope
I shall do on all similar occasions—I dared to get
upon the stump and tell them the truth. The
August election proved that the people were with
me, for there was not one solitary candidate in the
whole State of Alabama who did not, before that
election closed, deny that he was a secessionist or
disunionist. A man could not have been elected
constable in any respectable beat in the State, who
would have proclaimed such sentiments as have
been uttered by the Senator from South Carolina.
Sir, I am a submissionist, and the people of my
State are submissiomsts; but we are Southern
Rights men nevertheless. Better Southern-Rights
men than those who not long since were warring
against us, but who now come here and take seats
cheek-by-jowl with Preston King, Rantoul,
Chase, Hale, and Sumner. Wehavemanifested
our devotion to the South, as well as our devotion
to the Union, and we will do it again whenever a
proper occasion arises.
And now, Mr. President, I leave the Senator
from South Carolina to the enjoyment of all the
laurels he has acquired by his assault upon me.
Mr. RHETT. Mr. President, the course of
the Senator from Alabama is precisely that which
I expected it would be. I anticipated it in a con-
versation with a friend before I spoke. He had,
without any cause on my part, stigmatized me
here on this floor—as one guilty of treason and
knavery. I knew very well that a man who would
commit such an offence, who would insult with-
out provocation, would not hesitate, under the ex-
posure I intended to make, to add insult to insult.
Therefore, when he yesterday pursued the course
which he did pursue, it was precisely what I ex-
pected.
I did not, as the Senator charges, brood two
months over his attack. He heard what T stated
on this point in his presence in the Senate. I
stated that I neither knew nor heard of what he
} had said concerning me, until just before I was
j leaving my home in South Carolina to come to
! this city. On my arrival here, I waited for the
i resolution, on which he had attacked me, to come
I up for consideration. Seeing the course of things,
; 1 was in no hurry to lead his speech. But, not
many days since, about ten days, I suppose,
I got the Senator's speech from the folding room,
and read it. 1 sent also for a copy of the speech
of the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] who,
I heard, had honored me with his notice. It did
not require much brooding to determine my course.
I made up my mind that it became me, as a man
and as a Senator, not to allow these imputations
to pass unnoticed in the Senate. I was equally
convinced that my reply to the Senator from Ala-
bama would be followeu by additional and prob-
ably aggravated insult. If he insulted me gra-
tuitously, what right had I to expect that when
exposed before the Senate, he would be more for-
bearing. He is come up precisely to the estimate
I had put upon his character.
The Senator from Alabama denies that he meant
to charge me with knavery and treason. Now I
will read his words again to the Senate, and then
I will leave the Senate to judge what their import
is; and I will call upon the Senator from Alabama
to say, if that is not their import, what they do
mean. Here is what he says:
"There was the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Suai-
nfRjJ the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] and the Sena-
tor trom New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] gathered about him
in a sort of fraternal ring, while the countenance of the
Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] was radiant with
gladness. Thus was exhibited the spectacle of an extreme
Southern Senator denouncing, in no measured terms, the
Government of his country, and declaring himself a disun-
ionist,on account of alleged wrongs heaped upon him, with
four as rabid Abolitionists as this land contains drinking in
his words with eager approbation—applauding, cheering,
and encouraging him. All this was nothing new to u«.,
however strange it may appear to the plain and honest yeo-
manry of the country. Nor was it, when calmly considered,
at all unnatural.
' A fellow feeling makes us wondrous kind.'
There is a sympathy in treason as well as in knavery; and
those who are earnestly striving to accomplish the same
end need not quarrel about the separate means employed."
Now, here the Senator charges that there is a
sympathy between these Senators and myself upon
the matter of disunion; and he then observes, that
there is a sympathy in treason as well as in
knavery. Is not that plainly charging us with
teason and knavery? I will leave the Senator
from Alabama to explain if that is not his mean-
ing of his words.
Mr. CLEMENS. There is not a Senator on
this floor who does not understand it precisely as I
do. There is no more charge of knavery against
him than there is against the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, or the Senator from Ohio—against
whom I never meant to make such a charge.
There is a charge of disunion; and he had himself
avowed that he was a disunionist.
Mr. RHETT. If that is all the Senator has to
say, his words stand unexplained. I ask him to
explicate from his words I quote, another mean-
ing than that I put upon them. He does not at-
tempt to do so. He says that they do not con-
tain the charge I allege they do contain. That is
denial; but it is no proof. In his failure to show
that they contain any other meaning than that 1
put upon them, he virtually admits that he cannot
make his disclaimer consistent with his words.
His words mention persons—declares that they
are in concert to accomplish a certain end, and
then asserts that "there is sympathy in treason
as well as knavery." The Senator can take his
choice between two alternatives. He was either
using words without meaning anything by them,
and thus talking nonsense to the Senate, or he did
by his words make the charge I deduced from
them. No man of sense can draw any other
meaning from his words.
Now, Mr. President, I admit that this was a
gross and wanton insult, and I admit, too, that
acting upon " the code of honor," I ought not to
have waited a month, or a day, or a moment, be-
fore I had required him to retract or fight. That is
the course we are accustomed to pursue in the State
I represent. I was perfectly aware of my position.
I did not require the Senator from Alabama to tell
me what I ought to have done, as a man of the
world and a man of honor. But, sir, I am a pro-
fessor of the religion of Christ. 1 did not think it
proper to challenge the Senator for two very im-
portant reasons. The first was, because 1 had
another object in view, and still have it, far above
the vindication of myself from any personalities
or insults that the Senator may have offered.
Whilst vindicating myself on this floor, I would
also vindicate the great cause with which I am
identified. I have verv feebly indicated my pur-
poses in my defence, if the Senate has not per-
ceived that I have used the Senator from Alabama,
if not for my scorn or laughter, to bring up again
