1352.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
655
the wrongs perpetrated by this Government upon \
the South, and the consequent dangers which sur- ;
round her; and again to place forward for public J
consideration those great conservative principles |
arising from State-rights and State-sovereignty, j
■which alone can give her peace or safety. 1
Sir, without sovereignty in the States—without '
the right of secession in the States—we live under
a consolidated despotism; and I am in favor of
the exercise of the right of secession if for no other
purpose, for the purpose (as J intimated in the
speech I delivered the other day) of testing the
form of government under which we live.
But my second reason for not calling the Sen-
ator from Alabama in to the field was of a still higher
and more controlling nature. For twenty years
I have been a member of the church of Christ.
The Senator knows it—everybody knows it. I
cannot, and will not, dishonor my religious pro-
fession. If he, or any one else, supposes that I
am so much afraid of his insults, or the opinion
which requires them to be redressed in the field,
as to be driven by them to abandon the profession
oftwenty years, lie is entirely mistaken. I frankly
admit that I fear God; and'that I fear him more
than man. Although desirous of the good opin-
ion of all men—(for our usefulness is very largely
dependent on the good opinion of our fellows)—
we can never obtain it by an abandonment of the
Erinciples we profess. True courage is best evinced
y the firm maintenance of our principles amidst
all temptations and all trials, I did not assail the
Senator from Alabama. He assailed me. 1 have
defended mvself; and in doing so, if he has seen
any fear of nim indicated by me, he is welcome to
all the pride and gratification it can impart. If
firmness in maintaining even wordly principles or
a course of worldly policy be any indication of
courage, I might not suffer from a comparison
with even the Senator from Alabama. 1 have not
here threatened and tried to bully the North; and
when the North will not be bullied, and puts upon
me' the outrages and dishonors to which I had
declared resistance, I have not quietly submitted,
and then begged the "humble privilege" of sup-
porting them. 1 have not afterwards turned
round upon one of those who was battling with
me, and who would not yield, and accused him
of fear, of cowardice. Sir, 1 profess the pos-
session of no extraordinary courage; but I trust
I have the courage to support the right and defy
the wrong, although backed by an overwhelm-
ing public opinion, North and South. I am here
alone; but, I trust, alone without fear. Have
I quailed before any of you? Senators, answer,
if t have ever done so.
The Senator from Alabama says that he did not
mean to say that the Senatois lie speaks of m his
speech made any noise in cheering, applauding,
and encouraging me. He says, he supposed every
body understood him to mean that they did not
make any noise. Those who were present here,
and knew that there was no noise by applause and
cheering, might have known that the fact was not
so. I will not say they could have known his
construction of the words he uses, for the words
themselves are too plain for misunderstanding.
What is the meaning of applauding and cheering?
If the gentleman will turn to the dictionary, he
will find that to applaud is to clap with the hands,
stfike with the feet, or make some noise to indicate
approbation. And what is cheering m a popular
assembly or deliberative body? Why,intimating
by the voice approbation of what is said. The
Senator says that these gentlemen not only cheered
and applauded me, but that they also encouraged
me. If he meant that to applaud and cheer were
equivalents encouragement, whyput applaud and
cheer before encouragement? He lias taken that
speech, and sent it down into Alabama. He sent
it to the yeomanry, who, he says, will be aston-
ished at the scene he depicts. I have no doubt
that they will be prodigiously astonished, to hear
that abolition Senators on this floor applauded and
cheered me when I spoke; and probably will never
be undeceived as to the truthfulness of what they
have read in his speech. The Senator must
do one of two things to get rid of the predicament
in which he has placed himself; he must stultify
himself as to his knowledge of the English lan-
guage, or he did mean to say that these Senators
aid applaud and cheer me herein the Senate. Was
that assertion tru*? It is totally untrue. It is
untrue in fact, and untrue in the reasons he as-
signed for its existence. He has not attempted to
show that the words he used meant anything be-
side their plain, undoubted signification.
He says further, that I acknowledged myself to
be a traitor. I acknowledge myself to be a traitor!
When, and where? Here is another of the Sen-
ator's facts. When the late Senator from Missis-
sippi [Mr. Foote] thought proper to assert that
secessionists were traitors, did I stand still here
under the imputation? I could not be a traitor,
under my view of the Constitution, unless I were,
like that Senator from Alabama, a rank consoli-
datiomst. Standing, as 1 do, a citizen of South
Carolina, owing allegiance to her as nfy sovereign,
I cannot be a traitor in obeying her mandates.
And, if she thinks proper to secede from this
Union—as sherightfully has the power to do—my
duty and my allegiance are due to her. Sir, the
traitors to this Government, if any there be, are the
c.onsolidationists. They are traitors against the
States, to whom alone they owe allegiance, because
they deny their sovereignty. It is they who would
break down the whole fabric of the Government,
and make it simply an Austrian despotism, in
which their reserved rights would be taken away
from the States. 1 do not say they are traitors;
but 1 say, between the two classes of politicians—
the State-rights men, who maintain the rights of
the sovereign States, affirming that they are parties
to the constitutional compact, and have a right to
secede from it whenever they please—between
them, and those who deny the right of the States
to secede, who deny that the States are sovereign,
and contend here for a consolidated despotism—if
there be treason, it is on the part of the latter. If
any are traitors, they are the traitors—foul, usurp-
ing traitors to their States.
The Senator from Alabama further says, that I
brought here into the Senate a private affair—the
statement concerning him, which Judge Buford
and Mr. McCall luive put forth in Alabama for
more than a month past. When 1 came to the city
I found this statement here. The Senator says it
is a private matter. It was no private matter. It
was a matter affecting the representative of a sov-
ereign State, and the dignity of this Senate. And
while he talks of expulsion,and says that I wished
to vote to expel John duincy Adams—an assertion
entirely gratuitous—I can tell him, that if the facts
which these gentlemen assert, and have published
in the public papers, be true, and they hud been
brought forward before the Senate when he came
here to take his seat, he never would have been
received among his compeers in this illustrious
body. No, sir; never. And I am not sure if he
had taken his seat, and a resolution had been
offered to expel him from the Senate, but that a ma-
jority of this body would have passed the resolu-
tion. On this point, I will take nothing for tiue
but what the Senator himself admits. Mr. Pres-
ident, you know Judge Buford. I know you do;
and a more honorable and upright and truthful
man does not live in this broad land. I know
him also. I do not know Mr. McCall. But now,
admitting that there is a mistake as to the fact
that the Senator gave a written pledge to uphold
the Whig party, which.these gentlemen assert was
seen and read by them, signed by him, what is it
that 1 understand the Senator to admit? I under-
stand him to admit that which 1 asserted, that at
the caucus of the Democratic party in Alabama,
he and Mr. Fitzpatrick were the candidates for the
Senate, and he was defeated.
♦ Mr. CLEMENS. No, sir; I never admitted
any such thing.
Mr. RHETT. Were you not voted for in the
caucus of the Democratic party ?
Mr. CLEMENS. If you wish to know the
facts in relation to the matter, I will tell them to
you.
Mr. RHETT. I wish to know the truth.
Mr. CLEMENS. Some members got together
for the purpose of consultation—not to hold a cau-
! cus. Mr. Fitzpatrick *s friends, finding they had
j a majority of those present in Ins favor, turned in
1 and nominated him. The very next day, I believe
: a majority of that caucus met and rescinded their
j resolutions. There never was any more of that;
^ and the Democrats who voted for me, represented
! a majority of ten thousand of the Democratic
| voters of the State.
! Mr. RHETT. I wish to know the truth of this
| matter. I understand the Senator now to say that
!, there was no caucus of the Democratic party.
Mr,CLEMENS/ There wasno regularcaucus,
A few members met for another purpose, and the
friendsofMr. Fitzpatrick, beinga majority of those
present, nominated him; but the next day there
was a caucus, and the other resolutions were
rescinded.
Mr. RHETT. Well, Mr. Fitzpatrick was the
nominee of the Democratic party. Was not that
true ?
Mr. CLEMENS. He claimed to be so, but I
denied it.
Mr. RHETT. The Senator, then, denies that
a caucus was held, or that Mr. Fitzpatrick was
the nominee of the Democratic party. He certainly
was not its nominee. A Mr. Davis, a Whig in
the Whig caucus, (who the Senator says is a man
of honor, and was his friend,) was authorized by
him to express his views and opinions to the
Whig party at a Whig caucus. Do I understand
that to be the case?
Mr. CLEMENS, (in his seat.) I shall answer
no more questions now.
Mr. RHETT. As the gentleman has corrected
me in one respect, I take it for granted he will cor-
rect me again if I should fall into error. He goes
to the Whig caucus. He authorizes a friend, a
Whig in the Whig caucus, to state his opinions
on public matters. 1 say nothing about the writ-
ten pledge said to have been given; but what is
the result? The Whig party, as a party, come
out and vote for him in the Legislature, and he is
elected a Senator of the United States, and, further
still, they have been his supporters ever since. 1
do not wish at all to assert anything concerning
the Senator which is not true, but thus far I un-
derstand him to admit is true; and they place the
Senator in a position very little different from that
which the assertions of Judge Buford and Mr. Mc-
Call place hun m, As to the conflict of veracity
between the Senator and the writers of these let-
ters, I leave that to the people of Alabama to de-
termine. The facts asserted were not private
matters. They were public matters—public men
acting on great public interests, and affecting the
well-being of a whole State, and the dignity of this
illustrious body.
I shall not notice all the points the Senator
has made this morning in his vindication, but
only a few, rather on account of their public
importance, than for his discussion of them. I
stated that the current of our legislation in ad-
mitting new States was, that Congress passed a
law previous to the State being admitted into the
Union for her to make a Constitution and become
a State; and that after thus being a State she was
admitted into the Union. That was my proposi-
tion. The Senator asserts that Florida and other
States came into the Union without any such act.
Sir, he is totally misinformed. Before those States
came in, there was an act passed by Congress by
which they were authorized to form a State and
to come into the Union. It is very true, as in the
case of Florida, that the people had, previous to
the act of Congress, made a constitution; but they
did not come in here until Congress passed the
law by which they were authorized to make them-
selves a State. Congress passed the law first.
The people of Florida then adopted the Constitu-
tion which had previously been made, organized
themselves, and presented themselves here for ad-
mission. So it was with the other Slates. The
question between the Senator and myself was this:
fie insisted that California was constitutionally
admitted into the Union, because it was the prac-
: tice,the universal practice, in this Government to
, admit Territories as States into theUnion, and that
i the fact of their admission made them States. That
j was theproposition which he asserted. I said that,
1 on the contrary, thepractice had been that the Ter-
I mories should be oigam&ed into free and independ-
| ent States, by the sanction of an act of Congress,
| and thus being States, they were admitted into the
1 Union, and that in this way only could the words
' of the Constitution be fulfilled—which says " that
j new States maybe admitted by Congress." The
; Senator from Alabama has not touched the point
: in his remarks which he originally supported and
' advanced, nor do his authorities.
: The Senator says that the abolition of the slave
trade in the District of Columbia, with the penalty
of emancipation, was in force here before. If that
i was the case, will you, Mr. President, or any one
| else, be so good as to tell us why Congress passed
. any law at all as a part of the compromise? Why
