243*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28.
that it has not got through the other House. I
believe the money is justly due and ought to be
paid. I would ask the Chair whether the rule that
excludes private claims from appropriation bills is
now in force?
The PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. BRIGHT. Does it apply to this bill ?
The PRESIDENT. If a question of order be
raised, the Chair must decide the amendment out
of order; but if it be the desire of the Senate, the
Chair will put the question on the amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish only to make a state-
ment to the honorable Senator from Indiana. I
have acted upon theground that this bill has passed
here very often, and. that it will pass sooner or
later. I am not going into the merits of the case,
but we know it will finally pass; and owing to
the circumstance that this gallant officer has so
recently deceased, and left a very large family, and
that this money may now be ten times more valu-
able to them than the same amount hereafter, we
agreed to report it as an amendment to this bill,
and hope there will be no objection to it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish to be understood
as objecting to the claim. As I said before, I have
voted for it three or four times, and would vote for
it again as a separate measure; but I will raise no
question, if the Senate are disposed to agree to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have one more amendment
to offer by direction of the Committee on Military
Affairs. It is to insert as an additional section:
And b<> it farther enacted, That from and aftev the pas-
sage of this act, the principal assistant in the Engineer
Bureau of the War Department shall receive a compensa-
tion not less than the principal a^fistant in the Ordnance
Bureau of the War Department now receives.
This is to supply an omission in former legisla-
tion, by which injustice was done to this officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I have now gotten through
with the amendments which I have been instructed
to offer by the Committee on Military Affairs. I
wish to offer one now which I have not been able
to submit to the committee, but for which I have
the recommendation of the Department. It has
come to me at such a late hour that I have not
been able to get the committee together to act
upon it. I will preface it by stating that now on
the Pacific coast, as has been often stated by the
Senators from that portion of the country, there
is only one gun of large caliber. Guns must be
taken there sooner or later, and the object of my
amendment is to enable us to send a few there
now, so that after a fortification is bwilt, they can
be used, and in the mean time if anything serious
should happen, which I hope may not be the case,
the Californians can use them themselves. The
umendment is to add to the appropriations:
For armament of fortification-:, $150,000, of which
$100,000 shall be applied for the purchase and fabrication
of guns of the heaviest caliber, with their carnages and
equipment*, for the defense ol the Paciiic coast of the United
States.
Mr. CASS. Ought not that to go into the for-
tification bill?
Mr, SHIELDS. I do not know that we can
have any fortification bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I doubt the propriety of in-
creasing the appropriations in this lull by adding
amounts in this way. This has not been estimated
for until very recently, and it seems to me that
we are accumulating arms fast enough.
Mr. SHIELDS. I would state to my honor-
able friend from Virginia, that by this appropria-
tion it is intended to obtain that species of arms
which are known as Paixhan or Columbian guns,
which are well known to my honorable friend
from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton.] We want
but a very few in California, and they ought to
have been there long ago. In case we should get
into any conflict in that neighborhood, they would
be very useful. That coast must be fortified
sooner or later, and you cannot fortify it without
having such guns as these, and by sending them
there now they can be used as temporary defenses,
if necessary; thus only anticipating what must
occur at some time.
Mr. WELLER. I am very glad that my hon-
orable friend from Illinois has submitted this
amendment. Every one must see the necessity
of having guns of the heaviest caliber, and of the
greatest magnitude upon the Pacific coast. You
have been attempting to get up a war, here in the
Senate, at all events, with Great Britain, upon the
subject of the fisheries. If a war should arise,
the Pacific coast would necessarily be the first
point of attack, for the reason that there is a vast
amount of commerce there which is unprotected.
Our harbors are wholly unprotected; and if we
should be involved in a war, as many persons fear,
guns of this caliber will be absolutely necessary;
and I apprehend there will be a necessity for their
use, and that within a very few years, upon that
coast.
Mr. CASS. I have no doubt whatever that an
armament of this description should be there. I
have no objection to that; but I should like to know
of the honorable chairman what number of guns
of that description we have on hand; and whether
they cannot be sent from somewhere else. There
is a great disposition under this Government to
accumulate objects of this kind. I called for a
report from the War Department at the last ses-
sion, and it was laid upon our tables towards the
end of the session. Prom that report it appeared
that the United States had six hundred thousand
muskets on hand, and were manufacturing thirty
thousand or forty thousand more. 1 do not recol-
lect the exact amount of the number of other arms
and of the men engaged in the various arsenals.
But I know that the report showed that the num-
ber of muskets was equal to, if not greater than
those that Napoleon had when he got into his war
with Russia.
Mr. SHIELDS. There are very few of these
guns.
Mr. CASS. That is precisely what I want to
know. We all know that there are forts in this
country on a scale unsuitable for the present or
any prospective wants of the United States. Look
at Old Point Comfort. Ask members of Congress
about it, and they will tell you, and ninety-nine
men out of every one hundred in the country will
tell you, that it commands the entrance of the Ches-
apeake Bay. There is hardly a man who does not
think that Old Point Comfort commands that en-
trance, but it no more commands the entrance of
the Chesapeake than it does of the Thames. It is
in fact a wanton abuse of the public Treasury to
be spending money on such objects. But I am
not going to argue that point in an incidental man-
ner. I wish to obtain information as to whether
we have got any guns of this description, and if
so, why they cannot be sent there without much
expense.
Mr. SHIELDS. I concur in every word that
fell from the honorable Senator from Michigan.
My own investigations have brought me to pre-
cisely the same conclusions. We have filled our
arsenals with arms. We have got so many on
hand that we are not able to avail ourselves of im-
provements in their manufacture. So that if we
were to get into a war, a great many of them
would be useless. But there are very few of these
guns in the country. There are not one hundred
guns of this description now on the continent.
These large Paixhans cost about $1,000 apiece.
They will cost $1,000 apiece by the time you get
them to California. My impression is, that the
Department contemplate having one hundred of
these guns taken to California, if they can, for
$100,000, and use the other $50,000 for a tempo-
rary magazine, and powder, and shot, for these
guns. But my impression is that we might as
well confine the appropriation to 5100,000; that
is, to provide for fifty guns; and fifty, in my opin-
ion, will be capable for the present. I hope there
will be no objection to that.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the appropriation asked
for will not be diminished. There isnot agun on
the Pacific coast, except one or two small ones.
The entrance to the harbor of San Francisco,
which is less than a mile wide, presents one of the
finest places in the world to be fortified, and yet
there is not a single gun there. Then there is the
harbor of Monterey. You can shoot a pistol
across its entrance. It can be defended as easily
as any harbor in the world; but there is not a par-
ticle of defense there of any description. I hope
the appropriation asked for will not be diminished.
Every cent of it is needed; and we need arms
there at this time.
Mr. CASS. I trust the appropriation will be
diminished. It must be evident to the Senate that
there is no proper information before us which
will give us light as to the matter. It is no use for
gentlemen to say it is this, or that, or the other.
We should have specific information.
Mr. GWIN. Permit me to state to the honor-
able Senator that there is a most able report from
a special board presented to us at this very ses-
sion on this subject. It is in the possession of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs;
and in that report, they make estimates for this
appropriation.
Mr. CASS. I have seen all that before. I have
seen reports of fortification engineers from the
time of General Bernard, who commenced a sys-
tem that would have swamped the revenues of
England, if it had not been stopped. I want to
know what number of these guns we have on
hand and in what part of the country they are?
As provident statesmen legislating now, we ought
to know what we have got on hand. I think the
honorable gentleman from Illinois is entirely right
in proposing to reduce the amount to be appropri-
ated until we can have some information. It
is not a very long while till next winter, when we
meet again.
Mr. SHIELDS. To speak reasonably, I think
that fifty of these immense guns—ten-inch Colum-
bians and eight inch Columbians—are as much as
can be used at present at that point; and they are
the proper guns to fortify that point. No other
guns can do it. Although the honorable Senator
from California thinks the amount ought to be
$100,000, I think $50,000 for this purpose will be
ample, and I therefore move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make it read:
For armament of fortification $100,000, of which $50,000
shall be applied to the purchase and fabrication of guns of
the heaviest caliber, with their carriages and equipments, for
the defense of the Paeific coast of the United States.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to ask my friend
from Illinois, whether an appropriation of $50,000
will pay for the fifty guns of which he speaks ?
Mr. SHIELDS. They are estimated at $1,000
apiece.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to, and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I crave the
attention of the Senate for a moment, while, in
performance of a duty, a sacred duty, devolved
upon me as a Senator of the United States, I
propose an amendment to the bill now under con-
sideration.
Mr. President, Mrs. Priscilla D. Twiggs lost a
husband and a son in the recent war with Mexico.
With patriotic ardor, at the call of their country,
they rushed to the battle-field, and both found,
where heroic valor led them, a bloody grave. It
is hardly necessary for me to say anything more
but this: that the gallant son left the United States
and joined our armies in Mexico as a second
lieutenant of infantry, with the promise that his
commission should soon follow him. He was
killed before he received that commission, and be-
fore he was regularly, or rather technically mus-
tered into service. The accounting officer of the
Treasury could not, therefore, under existing laws,
pay her the amount of $233 33, which would have
accrued to him if he had been mustered into the
service of the United States as a second lieutenant
of infantry. His mother petitions the Senate,
through me, to authorize this small amount of
money to be paid to her as his legal representa-
tive; and now! ask the Senate, as the most direct
and practicable way of complying with the just
claims of this unfortunate ana doubly bereaved
lady, that they will (passing over if necessary all
ordinary forms of legislation) adopt this amend-
ment by a unanimous vote. The pittance asked
is the pay prescribed by law for a second lieuten-
ant of infantry, from the 1st of June, 1847, on
which day he entered into the service of our armies
in Mexico, to the 12th of September of the same
year, on which day he fell in battle. In proposing
payment of this debt Senators must not suppose
that I make any appeal to their sympathies. No,
no. I can only ask, in the name and on behalf of
this almost broken-hearted lady, who has given
her husband and her son to her country—justice—
even-handed justice. I send to the desk the pro-
posed amendment:
For payment to Priscilla D. Twiggs, of the amount of
the pav and allowances which would have accrued to her
son, George D. Twjo^s, had he been regularly in the ser-
vice as a second lieutenant of infantry, from the 1st day of
June, 1817, the date on which he left the United Stale*, to
the 12tn September of the same year, when he fell in
battle at the National Bridge in Mexico, $233 33.
Mr. SHIELDS. I can verify the statement of
the honorable Senator from New Jersey. I feel
