1570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
for its commission. You thus, by yo™"
lion, permit it to go untouched, unchecked, meiely
because it is too much for a court of chancery or
a court of law to determine whether the parties
purchased with knowledge! Now, I think it is
& very clear proposition, that if the fact can be
ascertained in a court of justice, the law ought to
apply to that case, and it is essentialthat it should
apply. I hope, sir, that the amendments which
have been made in Committee of the Whole will
be adopted, that the bill will be passed in the
shape in which it has been amended, and that this
remedy will be given to a suffering and a very
meritorious class of citizens.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the word " use."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill hav-
ing been reported to the Senate from the Com-
mittee of the Whole, with amendments, the ques-
tion is first on concurring with those amendments.
No further amendment can be offered until they
are disposed of.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, whatever may
be thought or said of the details of this bill, or the
propriety of passing it, its general object cannot
be misunderstood. The eiiect of it must neces-
sarily be to increase, in this country, the value of
all patented articles, by giving a more complete
and exclusive privilege to the patentee, by prohib-
iting from the market and from use alt articles
which are manufactured on the other side of the
line, in the British Provinces. It is now perfectly
manifest, that if the patent extend only to this
country, any person residing m any of the British
Provinces has a right to manufacture that article
which is patented. That is all very proper, and
right, and just, in every sense. Now, has not the
patentee the same means of acquiring protection
beyond thelimits of our jurisdiction, whichhe has
within its limits? Certainly he has. _ If I under-
stand the laws of foreign countries in relation to
that subject, an American citizen who obtains a
patent here, mav obtain his exclusive right also
beyond the limits of this country. By an appli-
cation to the British authorities—either to the
Home Government or the local authorities of the
British Provinces by which we are surrounded—I
believe there is no difficulty in obtaining a patent.
If I am incorrect in that respect, Senators will cor-
rcct mG.
Ml'. BRADBURY. I understand that a patent
cannot be obtained in the British Provinces in
cases of extension. In all these cases, where a
great deal of time is consumed in perfecting the
patent, we find it necessary in this country, in
order to reward the inventor, to give him an ex-
tension of his patent; but I understand, though I
have not the British law at hand, that no patent
can be obtained in England for an extension. I
have this statement from an authority which I re-
gard as good. The issuing of a patent there is
rather a ministerial act, and the patent is much
more easily obtained there than here; but when
the power of granting the patent has once been
exerted, they are not in the habit of extending
patents. , .
Mr. MALLOIIY. If the Senator from Michi-
gan wishes it, I will hand him the English law on
the sub|ect.
Mr. 'FELCH. By the fourth section of the
for sale; and, under the present laws in regard to i[ statute of fifth and sixth William IV., which the
imports, there is no prohibition against bringing ![ Senator from Florida has kindly put in my hands,
■ ' ■ <■ 1 -----   !i jt js> j,j effect, provided, that it any person shall
obtain any letters-patent, and shall, by such ad-
vertisements as are therein mentioned, apply, by
that article for sale into this country. Now, the
provisions of this bill are such as to prohibit the
just right of persons residing out of the country,
to manufacture articles which may be patented
here. If this bill proposed to pursue only the^
American citizen who should take the invention ot
an American citizen, patented m this country, and
manufacture articles from it on the other side of
the line, then, of course, it would apply to, and
operate only upon our own citizens; but it does not
apply exclusively to such a case. It applies to
all cases. In other words, itis a bill which applies
to the importation of articles, generally from for-
eign countries on our own borders. If we look at
the extent of articles manufactured under patent
rights acquired in this country, we shall see at
once that it is a bill which is very extensive in its
operations. A very large proportion of the arti-
cles which are sold in the markets in this country
are articles which are manufactured under patents;
some of which are of a very complicated kind.
This bill does not apply merely to articles manu-
factured of wood, hut it applies to all other arti-
cles, and some of them are \eiy complicated.
The question now is, whether we are willing to j
pass a bill which shall virtually give to thepatentee
aright broader than that which is given him by
any patent law which we have ever passed ill
this country; whether we shall pass a law broader
in its operation upon prohibition of importation
than has ever yet been applied—whether we shall
give larger profits, and more exclusive rights to
petition, to the Ciueen and Councils for a prolon-
gation of his term; and if the consideration of the
'petition shall be referred to the Judicial Committee
of the Privy Council, the petitioner, as also per-
sons entering caveats against the prolongation, are
to be heard by their counsel, whereupon the Judi-
cial Committee of the Privy Council may report,
to the Ciueen in favor of a further extension of the
term granted, not exceeding seven years, and her
Majesty is thereby authorized and empowered to
extend letters-patent for seven years, if she so
please. That is in substance the British statute
upon that subject. There is no further extension
of patents under their laws; but I do not appre-
hend that to be necessary, in order to enable par-
ties obtaining patents here to avail themselves of
the benefits of patents in the British Provinces. I
am not familiar enough with it to speak with per-
fect confidence on this subject; but so far as I have
S information, I understand'that at anytime during
the existence of a patent under our laws, whether
it be under the original letters patent, or by a re-
newal of a patent, a similar patent may be obtained
under the authority of the British Government.
If I am correct about that matter—if this is the
case, then all the party has to do is to avail him-
self of the means which are within his own hands
to afford protection.
My friend from Connecticut [Mr. Toucet] has
patentees by excluding this description of articles !', very well said that the impropriety of the comiuct
manufactured in foreign countries, and enhance j! is on the part of the person who fraudently shall
thereby the nvice of those aitides which are pur- I; go across the line and manufacture these articles-
chased" by individuals throughout the country for | that it is the manufacturer whom we ought to
use and for sale. This is the scope of the bill. Ii touch. Then I reply, the party himself has
think we should hesitate before passing a bill of j; within his power the very instrument by which
this description. It seems to me that we have al- ; he may touch the manufacturer. He has within
ready gone far enough upon this subject. It ]: his power the very instiument bj wluch^ujion
seems to me that there is no claim oil the part of 1
the patentee which requires us to pursue the mat- i
ter further, and give him exclusive and further j
rights, not given by previous laws, and not cov- :
ered by his patent.
But it will be said, and has been said, and ar- [
gued with a good deal of force, that here may be t
what are called "frauds," although in point of.
fact, it is a lawful pursuit of a lawful undertaking j
on the part of the citizens on the other side of the :
line. St is said that a remedy should be afforded j
for these "frauds." Well, what is the remedy |
which would strike a man as being most appro- '
priate m such a case? What would the obvious :
remedy be? My idea of it is simply this: Persons!
not having a patent cannot, within the limits of
application and obtaining a patent from the foreign
Government, he may control the entire matter
within the jurisdiction of the British Ciueen, as
well as within the limitations of our own jurisdic-
tion. This, it seems to me, would be the proper
remedy.
I have heard it suggested elsewhere that the
amount to be paid for obtaining patents within
the British Provinces is so enormous, that parties
ought not to be turned over to that remedy, but
should receive a more easy and convenient one
under the authority of our own laws; but I have
been informed by a gentleman very familiar with
that matter, this morning, that the expense of
renewing patents within any of the British Prov-
inces is only jU25, and that this renewal may be
our country, manufacture articles by a machine |j obtained from the legal authorities representing
the British Government, and application may be
made to the Home Government for a patent to be
granted to embrace any portion of that great
kingdom, whether England, for which the price
is $750, or Scotland, for which the price is $500,
or Ireland, for which the price is $125, or any of
the Provinces for the same amount.
Mr. MILLER. I would ask the Senator
whether it is not the fact that no one can get a
patent renewed in Canada unless he be a British
subject ? That is what I understand.
Mr. FELCH. Mr. President, I am sorry that
I have but little information upon this subject. I
believe we are all without as much information as
we ought to have. I cannot therefore answer the
question directly. But 1 understand that is not
so, from a gentleman who is familiar with this
matter. But it is certainly true, that whether the
rule is so or not, by an application to the Home
Government, a patent may be obtained embracing
all the Provinces, so that there can be no difficulty
that I see ip the way of a patentee availing him-
self of all the privileges of a British patent.
Mr. I-IUNTER. I went to the Patent Office
on Saturday, for the purpose of ascertaining these
facts. I could not find any book there containing
the English laws on the subject; but the Commis-
sioner of Patents told me that he was under the
impression that a patent might be obtained for the
Provinces alone, and might be obtained by others
than subjects of Great Britain.
Mr. FELCH. So I am informed by a gentle-
man who has recently had occasion to examine
into the patent laws, and make application for pat-
ents, as well in Great Britain as from other Gov-
ernments on the Continent, and I think there call
be no doubt of it.
If this is the case, I go back to my original
proposition: Why should a party here not resort
to the remedy which is already in his power ? The
amount which he has to pay for it is compara-
tively small. And, in relation to this very patent
now spoken of here, for a machine for making
irregular forms, it is well known that, not only is
an immense fortune within the grasp of the pat-
entees, but it has already been reached by them,
and large amounts are still within their grasp, by
pursuing their legal rights, without asking any-
thing further from Congress.
Sir, when so simple a process will secure all the
rights which these parties desire, I ask if it is pru-
dent for us to legislate in the manner here pro-
posed ? With these numerous articles thrown
abroad upon the community, in use everyday,
everywhere, in every art, in every science, and m
every practical operation of everyday business, I
ask if it is proper for us to open the door here to
suits against every person who shall deal in those
articles, who may use those articles, or who may
have anything to do with them ? In my opinion 9
the remedy which can now be obtained is a suffi-
cient one for the patentees in this case; at least, it
seems so to me, from the information which I now
possess, and from all the information which has
been given to us by Senators who have discussed
this subject this morning. It seems to me that
the passage of such a bill as this will lead to lit-
igation and to great collisions, as well as throw
an embarrassment upon the whole business trans-
actions connected with this matter. The simple
process, it seems to me, in this case, as in most
others, is the best one; and the remedy which is
now afforded is the remedy to which the parties
ought to resort, if they desire to obtain ail exclu-
sive right to the use and manufacture of the arti-
cles for which they have especial benefit under
their patents.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, it seems to have
been admitted by the Senator from Maine, in an-
swer to some remark made by the Senator from
Virginia, that there is a difficulty in this bill in
that point to which the Senator from Virginia ob-
jected. There seems to be a good deal of doubt
in the minds of some Senators as to what the
patent laws are in some of the British Provinces.
Originally I was very much opposed to the intro-
duction of the word " use"into this bill. 1 thought
it was liable to the objections which have been
urged against it. But, as I have always great dif-
fidence in my own opinions, I suggested to some
of my friends that if they could satisfy my friend
from'Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] on that point,
I would vote for the bill with that word in it.
I think that all these things being considered,
