658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
the ground of extraordinary expense; because the
parties embarked in the contract, regardless of ex-
pense, to maintain the honor of the country and
the supremacy of the seas sought to be wrested
from Great Britain, and that in reference to a rival
line which had anteriorly commanded almost the
entire postage between the United States and Great
Britain. The question is of great importance. Is
not the argument a fair one, by which they offer
to exhibit to you the vessel, by which you may
, judge with your own eyes whether it comes up to
the representations they have made upon paper?
Does that appeal to any unworthy motive on the
part of the Senate? I trust that 1 shall stand in
this body—(and before I leave it, I hope the Senate
will be convinced of it)—as unassailable by any
influence connected with capital, either directly or
indirectly, as any man on this floor. But it seems
to me that the present proposition involves no in-
fluence of the kind. It is perfectly fair_ on the
part of the owners. It requires no excitement.
It connects itself in no way, that I can see, with
the iron interest, or any other interest; but it is
proposing to give us specific information about a
Subject on which we are called upon to legislate.
As to the propriety of acceding to the request of
the parties as contained in their memorial, 1 say
nothing. It is a matter of entire indifference to me
whether I now test the truth of the matter stated
in their memorial, or not, because it has been my
fortune to have crossed the Atlantic twice in these
steamers; therefore it is not now for the purpose
@f allowing myself an opportunity to inspect them
that I vote for this motion.
Mr. BORLAND. The honorable Senator from
Delaware mistook the view which I took of this
matter. It was not that I have any objection to
these steamers coming here. Certainly, on the
floor of the Senate I should never have an objec-
tion to any gentlemen, or any company, who
have invested their money in any branch of in-
dustry whatever coining here and exhibiting their
goods or their enterprise to the public; but the
objection which I make is, that this proposition
comes before the Senate of the United States,and
involves its official action. Now, if gentlemen
wish to go as individuals, or as Senators, to en-
lighten their own judgment by examining this
ship, surely, there is plenty of time during the
twenty-four hours in which they can do so, with-
out trenching on the time of the Senate, which
we know is now demanded by the press of busi-
ness of the country, and of piivate individuals
having just claims upon the Government. Busi-
ness is pressing us, and we are not able to do it
promptly. If the purpose is to gain information,
which it is said is so desirable to enable us to
legislate with a proper understanding of the merits
of the case, would it not be an appropriate plan to
bring forward a resolution to appoint a committee
of the Senate to go and make an examination m a
manner which would be entirely satisfactory ? If
that were the object of the proposition, this would
seem to me to be an appropriate plan. But what
is the proposition ? We have all received invita-
tions to go on board this steamer. Is it for the
purpose of having members of Congress go to
look at the matter in a scientific point of view, or
for the purpose t>f enabling us to legislate under-
gtandingly? No sir; there is to be an entertain-
ment, to which ladies and gentlemen are invited;
and if we go on board the vessel under such cir-
cumstances, shall we be likely to get the information
which is desired? Certainly not. If it is necessary
for us to get this information to enable us to legislate
properly, let a proposition be made that a com-
mittee of the Senate be appointed to get the aid of
competent engineers and scientific men, and go
and examine into the questions involved in our
official action here. I should have no objection
to such a proposition. But the present proposi-
tion to adjourn the Senate, neglect the public busi-
ness that is pressing upon us, and requiring more ,
of our time than we are now able to give to it, for
the purpose of engaging in a festival, and thus
bring us within the attempt, and make us recog-
nize the attempt to influence our action and control
us here by this out-side, out-door influence, I can
understand in no other way than that these per-
sons are acting upon a saying we sometimes hear
throughout the country—a proposition which is an
insult m itself—that the nearest way to the hearts
and understanding of Senators is down their
throats.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the ques-
tion is, whether the Senate shall adjourn till Wed-
nesday; and the object of the adjournment is to
afford Senators an opportunity to visit the steam-
ship Baltic. Is the object, as stated here, of suf-
ficient importance to occasion the adjournment of
this body? If it be so, I should like to hear it
stated. There is a very singular coincidence here.
There is an application pending from the proprie-
tors of this line for an increase of their compensa-
tion of some sixty per cent. They ask to have it
increased from $385,000 to $600,000. While that
application is pending before the naval committee,
we find this steamer m our waters, and an invita-
tion on the table of Senators to go on board of
her.
But it is sought to justify this adjournment, on
the ground tliat it will afford Senators an opportu-
nity of examining the ship and testing the fact,
whether she be or be not fit to carry the mail on
her voyages. This is, indeed, a very singular at-
tempt. Does the Senate suppose, for a single
moment, thatits members would be, are capable of
such an examination on this visit of ceremony
Such an examination would require an inspec-
tion of the minutest details, to be carried on for
weeks—requiring an investigation of every part
of the ship. Is the Senate informed that we have
officers paid and stationed in the city of New
York, who have examined this very vessel, and
that they have given her a certificate? The very
fact that she has a certificate, and that she is here,
is 'prima facie evidence that she is fit to perform
that service. • If she is not competent, she ought
not to be here at all. We take it for granted that
she is, in all respects, competent for this purpose.
Now, this singular coincidence occurring, of
this vessel being m our waters at this moment,
when the application of the proprietors is before
the Senate for an increased compensation, though
the youngest member of this body, it would cause
me 'at once to examine the estimates put forth on
which increased compensation is based; and, if I
had no other objection, I should vote against it
now on that account. If there be Senators who
desire to institute a personal examination into the
fitness and speed of this vessel, 1 hope they will
take the opportunity; but I do not see any neces-
sity for compelling other Senators, who have no
such desire, and feel a perfect incompetency to
make such an examination, to go on board of her.
I hope they will not compel others who are dis-
posed to sit here cind perform their duties to their
constituents, to adjourn. Let those go on board
who desire to do so, without an adjournment. I
have no desire to go. I have no doubt that a per-
fect scientific examination and report of this vessel
is now in the Navy Department, where, if any
Senator wishes to see it, he can do so.
Mr. BOKLAND called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. RUrffil. Mr. President, I desire to say but
one or two words. 1 shall vote against this ad-
journment over; and I think it is unfortunate for
the steam-ship and also for the deliberations of the
Senate, that any such motion has been made. I
have had occasion to examine this contract which
has been mnde for these ships, and the manner m
which the contractors have complied with their
contract, anil I feel sure that they have so complied
with it as to do credit both to themselves and to
the country. I have examined the application
which is before Congress for additional remunera-
tion to them, and I think it is an entirely reason-
able one, and such a one as I am prepared to vote
for. 1 do not see that it is going to benefit either
the country or the proprietors themselves to bring
up and discuss in the abstract, questions which it
would take time to investigate; I shall, therefore,
vote against this adjournment over. If I were a
judge of steam-ships and desired to see this one, I
would go and do so without neglecting my duties
here. I do not, however, desire to do so. But
at the same time, that my vote may not be mis-
construed, I will state that I havefully investigated
the matter, and think this contract has been com-
plied with oeditably on the part of the contractors
and creditably to the country; and I think the
Congress of the United States will find it to be
their own interest and the interest of the nation to
sustain this line, which I tiust they will do, and
not come to any determination of it m passion or
prejudice arising from a supposed attempt at elec-
tioneering, but look at the question as affecting
the commerce and the mail service of the coun-
try.
Mr. BAYARD. If I thought the effect of ad-
journing uver to-morrow would be to letaid the
business of the Senate, I should vote against the
proposition; but I do not think that will be the ef-
fect of it. The proposition meets, my approba-
tion, not because I desire to see this vessel, but
because I thought it would be proper that other
Senators should have an opportunity of doing so.
The Senator from Florida objected to this propo-
sition, on the ground that an accurate judgment
could not be formed of such a ship without a mi-
nute examination. But I presume one may be
able to judge of a picture and its magnificence,
though not a painter; one may judge of a building,
though he be not an architect So I think that
one may form some judgment of these vessels with-
out going into a thorough investigation of every
part. My own opinion is> that the examination
of such a ship would make an impression on the
minds of others such as it made on my own—it
would arouse a vast deal of national pride, a na-
tional feeling in favor of this line of steamers. If
the line cannot be sustained without additional
compensation—and I know nothing of the facts of
the case—the interests of the country require that
it should be sustained by additional compensa-
tion.
Though I support the motion, and desire that
Senators shall see this noble vessel, yet, if H be
true that the effect of an adjournment over would
be to retard the public business, I should vote
against it. But tne public business, it seems to
me, is not altogether performed in this Hall. I
suppose that much of the real labor of the Senate
is done in the committee-rooms; and those hon-
orable and learned Senators, who are so exceed-
ingly fearful lest a single <Tay should be lost to the
public business, and that to-morrow will be wasted
if we adjourn over for the purpose of viewing this
specimen of naval architecture, can very well oc-
cupy their time to-morrow in the committee-rooms,
with equal benefit to the country as if the Senate
were in session.
When we have devoted day after day to the
discussion of resolutions on the compromise, on
subjects of legislation which have been passed and
gone by long ago, in which the feelings and inter-
ests of the country would lead to no further agi-
tation, on which' the minds of the people are
made up, and on which the speeches that have
; been made have been filled with crimination and
recrimination without reference to any public in-
terest whatever, it is somewhat late in the day,
when a proposition of this kind is made, to talk of
the waste of public time.
Mr. DOWNS. As the yeas and nays have
been ordered, I wish to explain very briefly that I
shall vote against this motion very much on ac-
count of the considerations suggested by the Sen-
ator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk.] I think there is
entirely too much importance attached to the prop-
osition. I see no objection to a Senator going to
visit this steamship if he desires to do so; and,
on the other hand, I see no necessity for an ad-
journment for that purpose. While, therefore, I
shall vote against the motion to adjourn over, I
shall express no opinion on the subject which has
been brought into this debate. Unlike the Sena-
tor from Texas, I have not examined the ajjaect,
and have not formed any opinion whetherBshall
or shall not vote in favor of additional grants to
this line of steam-ships,and I therefore express no
opinion on it. As I am always opposed to unne-
cessarily wasting the time of the Senate, and as I
think there is no necessity for an adjournment over,
I shall vote against the proposition, holding my-
self, however, at liberty (as I suppose every Sen-
ator does) to vote just as I please on the question
of granting additional compensation to these per-
sons.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say that my re-
marks were not based at all on the merits of the
question whether we should orshould notgrant an
additional appropriation to the company owning
these steam-ships. Whether the grant asked of
Congress is proper or not, whether I shall vote
for it or not, has nothing to do with the views I
express with regard to the proposition to adjourn
over, in order to engage in a jollification on board
the Baltic. Whether the grant asked for is rea-
sonable or unreasonable, proper or improper, I
object to the means brought to bear for the pur-
