2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
this floor, if there is any pretense for saying that
this amendment provides for a private claim.
These Indians are as much entitled to this pay,
by our laws, as our own soldiers. It is a provis-
ion for past services; and the report which has
been made on this subject from the Department,
will show that these services were valuable. These
Indians were regularly called into the service by
General Gaines.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is under the
impression that the amendment can be received,
as it is merely an appropriation to meet expenses
incurred by the Government in employing these
Indians, and not yet paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BORLAND. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to offer the following
amendment, to come in after the appropriation for
medical and hospital department of the Army:
To enable the President of the United States to procure
the surrender of the patent issued to William T. G. Moiton
on the 32th day of November, 1846, for his discovery of the
anaesthetic properties of sulphuric ethei, $100,000.
Mr. SMITH. I rise to a f>oint of order. I
object to the introduction of this amendment, on
the ground that it is a private claim. It is the
subject of a petition to the House of Representa-
tives. In the House of Representatives it has been
referred to a select committee, and that committee
have not yet reported.
Mr. BORLAND. I believe they have reported.
Mr. SMITH. No, sir; but Dr. Morion has
prepared a report, which, it seems, they have
caused to be printed. I have been here watching
this subject the whole session, and 
Mr. BADGER. I rise to a point of order. Is
this discussion in order? I thought the Sena-
tor from Arkansas was entitled to the floor.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Con-
necticut rose to a point of order. He will state
his point of order, and not go into a discussion of
the merits of the question.
Mr. SMITH. I do not intend to go into its
merits; but I shall have something to say about
the merits of the proposition, if necessary. I con-
tend that this is a private claim. It is not insisted
that it is founded in law, but in equity. A peti-
tion has been presented to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and that House has appointed a select
committee on the subject.
Mr. BORLAND. ' I rise to a question of order.
I wish to know if the Senator from Connecticut is
at liberty to discuss the subject?
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Con-
necticut will state his point of order.
Mr. SMITH. My point of order is that this
is a private claim.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has read the
amendment, and he considers that there is no
question but that it is for the benefit of an indi-
vidual; but inasmuch as it proposes merely that
the Government shall purchase a patent for its use,
it cannot be considered a private claim under the
rule, and therefore the Chair decides that the
amendment i.s in order.
A long debate ensued upon the amendment, in
which Messrs. Borland, Smith, Badger, Gwin,
Simklps, Hale, Douglas, Bradbury, Walker,
Soule, Mangum, Toucey, Brooke, Pratt, Mal-
loryj Skwarp, and Hunter participated. [This
debate will be found in the Appendix.] The
amendment was finally rejected, by a vote of yeas
27, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Borland, Brooke, Clemens, Dodge of
Iowa, L)ou?!fu, Gwin, Houston. James, Jones of Iowa,
Malloiy, Morton, Shields, Soule, Stockton, Sumner, Walk-
er, and WHIor—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead, Ca^s,
Charlton, Chase, Clarke, Dawson, Down*, I'Yloh, Foot,
Uttver, Hamlin, Hunter, King, Mangum, Meiivvefher, Mil-
ler, Norris, Pearce, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Sprnance, Tou-
- cey, Underwood, Upham, and Wade—28.
Mr. DOWNS. I move to amend the bill by
inserting the following:
For continuing the hvdrographical and topographical sur-
vey of the delta of the Mississippi, with such investigations
as may lead to determine the most practicable planfor se-
curing it from inundation, $-50,000.
The PRESIDENT. Is that reported by a com-
mittee?
Mr. DOWNS. It is recommended by the De-
partment of War, and the estimate is furnished by
the Secretary of War and Topographical Bureau.
It is to continue a work already commenced.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a provision in rela-
tion to that matter in the river and harbor bill,
which has passed the House to-day.
Mr. DOWNS. I think that cannot be the case.
I am inclined to believe there is some mistake in
that, because the bill, as it left the Senate, had no
such provision in it. An appropriation was made
a few years ago for this work, but it is now ex-
hausted. This is recommended by theTopograph-
ical Bureau, after giving a detailed account of the
progress of the work, and also by the Secretary
of War. I have the estimate.
The PRESIDENT. Does the amendment con-
form to the estimate?
Mr. DOWNS. Yes, sir; exactly. I will read
the report of the Secretary of War made in January
last, on the subject:
" War Department, January 20,1852.
" In compliance with a resolution of the Senate, dated
December, 1851, ' that the Secretary of the Department of
' War communicate to the Senate any reports which have
' been received in reference to the inundations of the Mis-
' sis^ippi, and to state whether any further appropriation is
1 required to complete tine surveys and investigation hereto-
* fore furnished,' f have the honor to transmuherewith the
report of the Chief Topographical Engineer, accompanied
by the reports of Lieutenant Colonel Long, of theTopo-
giaphical Engineers, and of Mr. Charles Ellet, civil engi-
neer, submitting an estimate of $50,000 for thw turther
prosecution of the investigation in reference to the inunda-
tions of the Mississippi river."
This is signed by the Secretary of War, and
directed to the President of the Senate.
Lieutenant Long, in his report, limits himself
to an exposition of what has been done by Cap-
tain Humphrey's command, and of what is not
required to be done. He also enters into the ques-
tion of the funds necessary for the future opera-
tions. From this the estimate is now submitted
of $50,000 for the ensuing fiscal year, for the
further prosecution of the investigation in refer-
ence to the inundations of the Mississippi.
I will state that some years ago this survey was
suggested to, and approved by the Government,
and an appropriation of §50,000 was made for the
purpose of surveying the whole delta of the Mis-
sissippi, to see if it were possible that a plan could
be devised to prevent the great inundations which
occur there, and which are becoming more and
more destructive every year. In the first instance
a preliminary report was made by a board of en-
gineers, giving the results of a reconnoissahce and
general view of the work, with suggestions of
what ought to be done, showing the necessity for
a complete survey of that portion of the river. It
was a mere preliminary report. After that two
commissions were organized, one of the Topo-
graphical Engineers, with Colonel Long at its head,
to survey the delta proper and the shores of the
Mississippi; and another, under a civil engineer—
Mr. Ellet—whose special duty it was to exam-
ine the mouths of the Mississippi. They have
made exceedingly interesting and valuable reports.
So far as the mouth of the Mississippi is con-
cerned, I suppose the subject has been thoroughly
investigated by Professor Ellet, and the appropri-
ation no longer extends to that branch of the work.
Colonel Long has made a report showing the pro-
gress of his work, which is also exceedingly in-
teresting; but there is a laige portion of the work
which was originally suggested by the preliminary
examination which yet remains to be done. This
applies altogether to the topographical survey. It
is a woik of great interest. It has been only par-
tially executed. The proper authorities—both the
chief of the Board of Engineers and the Secretary
of War—recommend the appropriation.. If there
ever was an appropriation which should be made
this is one. I hope there will be no objection to
it.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on a
division—ayes 16, noes not counted.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have been permitted
to use an amendment which was prepared by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance. It is to
do an act of justice to one of the executive depart-
ments of the Government, by making a little in-
crease in the salaries of the clerks in the Quarter-
master's Department. H is to allow the chief
clerk in that Department £1,700 salary, two clerks,
§1,600, and one clerk $1,400. The Quartermaster
General has recommended it. I have his letter
before me.
The PRESIDENT. That will not answer.
The recommendation must be from the head of a
Department-
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
never acted upon that. The amendment was pre-
pared in pursuance of the letter of the Quarter-
master General, but the committee did not act
upon it.
The PRESIDENT. To be in order it requires
either to be estimated for by the head of a Depart-
ment or to be reported from a committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is just as much in
order as various propositions which have been
made to increase salaries in the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I have an amendment to pro-
pose, which depends for its adoption upon the
good faith of Congress and upon the importance
of the work. It is true the appropriation proposed
is a large one. 1 shall make a brief statement in
reference to the grounds upon which it may be
made It is to insert the following in the bill:
For the construction of Fort Delaware, $200,000.
The PRESIDENT. Is that reported from a
committee?
Mr. BAYARD. It is not; but it is founded on
an estimate from the War Department which I
hold in my hand.
Mr. President, I ask for this appropriation on
the ground that the good faith of the Government
is pledged to the erection of the fort, and on the
further ground that common justice to the defense
of three States of this Union requires that st should
be made. I have nothing to do with any other
foitification, because this stands on a double
ground. The ground of good faith is the one on
which I mainly rely. During the war of 1812—
on the27t,h of May, 1813—the State of Delaware
ceded to the United States Pea Patch Island, for
the purpose of erecting forts, batteries, and fortifi-
cations for the protection of the river Delaware
and the adjacent country, upon the express condi-
tion that they would not only erect, but maintain
and keep up those fortifications at their expense.
That was the condition of the cession of the soil
and jurisdiction over it. The United States accept-
ed the cession on those terms. They proceeded,
after the war, to erect a fort on the island. Sub-
sequent to its erection, it was, in 1828, destroyed
by fire. After it was destroyed, no step was taken
to rebuild it; and owing to the negligence of the
agents of the Government, the title to the island
became involved. A reason which was always1
assigned for no further appropriation was that
there was an insecure and uncertain title. But
that arose from the negligence of the General Gov-
ernment, and from the negligence of the Genera?
Government alone. The agents of the Govern-
ment made no application to the State of Delaware
for the title. They chose to entangle themselves
by agreement after agreement and all sorts of neg-
lect. Things remained in this way down to 1847,
when the matter was brought, with the evidence
of the title of the State of Delaware, before a tri-
bunal competent to decide—chosen by the agree-
ment of the party who claimed as against the Uni-
ted States and against the title of Delaware—and
referred to one of the most distinguished lawyers
of our country. The decision was in favor of
the State of Delaware; and that was entirely set-
tled.
The excuse, therefore, for the delay in comply-
ing with the pledged faith of the Government has
been removed since 1847, a period of five years;
but the first stone of that fortification has yet to be
laid. You have embanked the island. It con-
tains about ninety acres of valuable land. In its
present condition, for other purposes, it is worth
from $70,000 to $100,000. We have the right,
beyond all controversy, in Delaware, if you do
not comply with the condition imposed by the
grant, to recover the island from you. I do not
deny that there may be legal difficulties in refer-
ence to a suit, considering the Government as the
owner of the property; but I think they can be
overcome. We, in Delaware, want to know the
determination of Congress—whether they mean to
comply with their faith or not; and if they do not,
we will see if we eannot assert our legal right to
recover the island. That is the reason why I
place this proposition before you. But I say
further, if you refuse this appropriation, you are
bound by every obligation of morals to recede the
island without entering into a legal contest with
Delaware; because the condition is as express in
the act of cession as it can be. You have violated
j that condition by your neglect for fifteen years,
i and for a period of five years more, when, with
i no pretense, you have refused an appropriation
