1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
gress.
Those are my sentiments
pose of gaining favor for it, and commending it to
the consideration of Con, 
Mr. BRODHEAD,
exactly.
" Mr. .TONES, of Iowa. If it be in order to move
an amendment to the proposition of the Senator
from New York, I move to amend so that it shall
read, that when the Senate adjourns to-day it be to
meet to-morrow at ten o'clock, and that the Sen-
ate will to-morrow adjourn at three o'clock. That
will give those who desire to examine this vessel
an opportunity of doing so to-morrow afternoon.
By pursuing; this course, we can do business for
five hours, instead of three hours as usual.
Mr. BAYARD. I object to that, because it
will interfere with the Committee of Claims, which
meets at ten o'clock to-morrow. I have no inten-
tion of going to see this vessel;-and if the Senate
adjourns over, I expect to be engaged all day to-
morrow in attending to the business of the com-
mittee to which 1 am attached. I shall vote against
the amendment, and in favor of the original prop-
osition.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MANGrUM. If gentlemen were so very
anxious to get forward with business, they would
lose less time in debating unimportant questions.
I shall vote for this motion on no ground con-
nected with the interests of these parties, with no
reference to the question whether or not additional
compensation should be paid to them. I have not
examined that question, and know nothing about
it. I vote for the motion because I understand
that this steamship is one of the most perfect
models in the world of a sea-going vessel. It is
one of the swiftest vessels in the world, and I
should feel proud to examine it as an American
production, as, if I had lived in the vicinity in the !
days of the great "Eclipse," I should have felt j
jDride m mounting him. I shall vote for this mo- i
tion also, on theground that if we were to sit here <
to-morrow there would scarcely be a quorum pres- *
ent; and if we were to meet at ten o'clock and sit ;
un til three with a bare quorum, the Treasury would
be exhausted by useless debate.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 21, nays 19—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Bell, Bradbury, Clarke,
Dawson, Fish, Foot, Gwin, Hamlin, Jones, of Tennessee,
JVlcRae, Wangum, Miller, Norris, Seward, Smith, Spiuauee,
Sumner, Underwood, and Upham—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Borland, Bright, Brodhoad, Cass, Chase,
Dodge ot Wisconsin, Dodge of Iowa. Downs, Felch, Hun-
ter, Jones ol Iowa, Mallory, Morton, .Pratt, Khett, Husk,
Wade, and Walker—19.
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
Phe Senate proceeded to the consideration of
the special order, namely; the bill granting the
right of way and making a grant of land to the
State of Iowa, in aid of £he construction of cer-
tain railroads in said State.
The pending question is on the amendment of
Mr. Underwood.*
Mr. DAWSON" addressed the Senate in oppo-
sition to the passage of the bill. He renewed
arguments made by him on former occasions
against the passage of similar bills, and urged ad-
ditional and particular reasons why this bill should
not become a law.
[See Appendix for Mr. D's speech.]
Mr. UNDERWOOD- I hope the question will
not be taken now. I think it would be better that
it should not now be taken. The truth is, that if;
you force me to vote at this time, I do not know
but that I shall have to cotradict myself. I stated
the other day that if my amendment was not ac-
ceptable to the Senate, I should still vote for the
bill. 1 told the worthy chairman of tbe Commit-
tee on Public Lands this morning, that I doubted
very much whether I ought to do so. And under
the feelings which have been inspired by the speech
of my friend from Georgia, I really feel almost
disposed to retract my former assertion, that I in-
tended to vote for the bill in any event. I feel a
sense of the injustice which has been practiced ;
toVards the old States to such an extent, that I !
do not know whether, if something like justice is
not done to my own State, I can vote for the bill. 1
I therefore hope that the question will not be 1
pressed at this late period of the day, but that it
may lie over in order ^hat we may all think about
it, and that, as the speaking is pretty well over,
when we meet again we may be prepared to take j
up the hill and vote upon it. There is no imme- \
diate necessity for acting on the bill now. • i
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I desire to address the
Senate on the subject.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I hope the Sena-
tor will not proceed to-day, but defer his remarks
until the Senate meet again.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 1, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Mr. Morgan.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
'Mr. FITCH obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a privileged question.
On week before last the bill for the relief of" Colonel
D. D. Mitchell was pending in the House, and a
motion was made and carried that it be committed
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. On the day of the adoption of the motion
of reference, I entered a proposition to reconsider
the vote making that reference; and I now rise to
cail up that question. If objection be made I shall
move to suspend the rules, for "the purpose of en-
abling me to do it.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I will beg leave to suggest
to the gentleman, if he has the floor, that he had
better move to suspend the rules, for the purpose
of moving to discharge the committee from its
consideration, and let us act upon the bill at once.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides against
the proposition of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. FITCH. He cannot deprive me of the
floor fur the purpose of making any motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
gentleman from Missouri, m the first place, could
not deprive the gentleman from Indiana of the
floor to submit his motion to reconsider, even if it
were proper to reconsider to-day the vote to which
he refers, which the Chair doubts very much.
Indeed, he is of the opinion that it is not a privi-
leged question of a character which would setaside
the business appropriated to Monday, by express
rule of the House. It could be in order as a privi-
leged question only on those days on which by the
rules there is a morning hour. At all events, the
gentleman from Missouri cannot deprive the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Fitch] of the privilege
of submitting his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana, as he is one of the members
of the committee which has instructed me on all
occasions to urge upon the House the necessity of
taking up the bill from the Senate for the appoint-
ment of a Superintendent of Indian affairs for Cali-
fornia, to yield me the short space of time it will
require to consider that bill. It is a matter of
urgent public necessity.
Mr. FITCH. 1 would yield with pleasure for
the introduction of the bill, but I know that will
meet with opposition, and lead to debate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will say that that bill will
live or die at once. I shall unquestionably, on the
rules being suspended, be entitled to the floor, and
it is my intention to move the previous question.
Mr. FITCH. My knowledge of the rules is
not great, and if I yield the floor now I may lose
it altogether. I beg my friend will excuse me.
THE COMPROMISE MEASURES.
Mr. FITCH. I submit the following resolu-
tion; I cannot from its purport hope to securs
universal consent, and therefore move the suspen-
sion of the rules for the purpose of its introduc-
tion.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of the
compiomi^e^ ol' the Constitution, and believe it to be the in-
tention ot the people generally, a& wo heieby doelaie it to b«?
ours individually, to abide such comjjionnscs, and to sus-
tain the laws neoes^ar> to cany them out—the pioviMon
for the dehveiy ot fugitive Mavea included—and that we
deprecate ail turther agitation ot questions growing out ot
tlj.it piovi^ion, of the questions emluaeed m the acts of the
la.-t Confess known the Coinpioini.-.e, «uid of questions
geneially connected with the institution of slavery as un-
necessary, useless, and dangerous.
Mr. GOODENOW demanded the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. I want to know whether
the Mormon church is included in the resolution
as one of the measures uf compromiser
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. Would it
be in order to ask the gentleman to modify the
resolution so that it would say, " we deprecate all
further agitation," txce.pt this. [Laughter.]
Mr. STANLY moved a call of the -House;
which motion was agreed to.
The roll was called, and the following gentle-
men answered to their names:
Messrs. Aberciombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Allison, An-
drews, John Appleton, William Appleton, Ashe, Averett,
David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bajly, Barrore, Rartiett,
Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bissell, Bowne, J. H. Boyd, Breck-
enridge, Btenton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Bur-
rows, Busby, E. Comngton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Cask it1, Chand-
ler, Chapman, Chastain, ChuichwelJ, Chirk, Chngman,
Cobb, Consjer, Cut Us, Daniel, G. T. Davis, John G, Davis,
dings, Goodenow, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow, Hall, Ham-
mond, Harper, Is'iam G. Ilaius, Sampson YV". Harris, Hart,
Haws, Unocal!, Ilavun, Hebaid, Hendricks, Henn, Hib-
baid, Horslbrd, Hovvaul, John W. Howp. Thomas Y. IIovv,
Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, James *
Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T.
Jone«, George YV. Jones, J. Clancy Jone>, Geoige G. King,
Preston Kiny, JCuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher, Lockhart,
Mace, Mason, McCorkle, McDonald, McLanahan,McMnl-
lin, McNait, McQueen, Meacham, Meade, Miller, Molony,
Henry D. Mooie, John Mooic, Morehead, Morrison, Mur-
phy, Murray, Nabers, Newton, Olds, Orr, Outlaw, Andrew
Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn, Pennnnan,
Perkins, Phelps, Polk, Poiter, Powell, Puce, Rantoul,
Ricliard.-on, Riddle, Robbing, Itobie, Ross, Saekett, Sav-
age, Scheiineihorn, Sehoolciaft, Schooninaker, David Ij.
Seymour, Ougen S. Seymour, Skelton, Smart, Smith,
Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard II. Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddeus
Stevens, Stone, St. Mai tin, Stratton, Stiother, Stuait, Suth-
erland, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson, Geoige W.Thomp-
son, Thurston, Town^hend, Venahle, Walbridge, Wallace,
Ward, WaMibuin, Walking Welch, Wells, Addison
White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wildrick, Williams,
Woodward, ami Yate<.
The following gentlemen were reported as ab-
sent, viz:
Messrs. Charles Allen, Babeoek, IUhighaus, Boooclc,
Bowie, Brag«r, Geoige II. Biown, Buell, Bint, Caldwell,
Cleveland, Colcock, Cottman, Culloni, Dai by, Dinmiick,
Dunham, Floyd, Gilmore, Goodrich, Hamilton, lliilyer,
llolladny, Houston, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter. Mann,
Edwin d C. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Mai tin, Millson,
Miner, Kobt>w>n, Russell, Scudder, Scnrr), Abiaham P.
Stevens, Sweotser, Toombs, Tuck,'and Walsh.
Mr. ROBBINS. I move that all further pro-
ceedings under the call of the House be dispensed
with.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, demanded tell-
ers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Stephens
and Bayly, of Virginia, were appointed.
The question was then put, and the motion was
disagreed to—the tellers having reported ayes 61,
noes 85.
The SPEAKER, The officers will cause the
doors of the Hall to be closed.
The names of the absentees will now be called
over, and excuses may be rendered, if any, for the
absentees.
The Clerk read the names of the absentees in
the order in which they are inserted above.
Mr. Charles Allen.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that Mr. Allen* be
excused. He is very sick, confined to his bed
under the physician's care, and cannot be out.
The question being put, Mr. Allen was ex-
cused.
Mr. Thomas M. Bjbighaus.
Mr. FLO HENCE. Mr. Bibighaus has left the
District, and gone home sick, fot medical treat-
ment. I move that he be excused.
The motion was agited to.
Mr. Leander EUbcock. No excuse offered.
Mr. Richard I. Bowie. No excuse offered.
Mr. Thomas S. Bocock.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Bocock went home on
urgent business.
A Member. The gentleman was not heard in
this part of the Hall.
Mr. MEADE. Mr. Bocock has gone home.
He had been unwell for several days previous to
his leaving "Washington. It was not on that ac-
count that he has gone home, but, as I under-
stand, to attend to some urgent business. I move
that he be excused.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. He is out of
the city. That is sufficient.
The question was taken, and Mr. Bocock was
excused.
Mr. John Bragg.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. Mr. Bragg has
gone home in consequence of sickness in his fam-
ily. 1 move, therefore, that he be excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. George H. Brown.
Mr. PRICE. My colleague, Mr. Beown, has
