2436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
except the one in relation to Fort Delaware, but
as we have just had the yeas and nays upon it, I
will not.
Mr. MANGUM. I desire to except that
amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I do not see that any prac-
tical good can result from reserving it. We have
just had the yeas avid nays upon it.
Mr. MANGXJM. I see no recommendation for
such an appropriation.
Mr. WELLER. But the Senate have just de-
cided it.
Mr. MANGUM. I know that.
The PRESIDENT. It is not a matter for dis-
cussion. A Senator can ask to have the question
taken on all the amendments separately, if he de-
sires it. If there be no objection, the question
will be taken upon all the amendments together,
with the exception of the one mentioned by the
Senator from North Carolina.
AH the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole, with the exception of the one men-
tioned, were concurred in.
On the question to concur in the amendment,
"For the construction of Fort Delaware, $200,000,"
Mr. MANGUM asked for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 21, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Bvodhead,
Dawson, De Saussure, Oodge of Jowa, Fish, Fool, Geyer,
Gwin, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Miller, Pearce, Pratt, Rusk,
Spruance, Stockton, Walker, and Weller—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Bradbury, Bright, Brooke, Charlton,
Chase, Clarke, Davis, Downs. Feleli, Hale, Hamlin.Hous-
ton, Hunter, King, Mangum, Mason, Meriwether, Morton,
Norris, Seward, Smith, Sumner,Toucey, ('nderwood,and
Wade—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MALLORY. I renew the amendment
which, at the request of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I withdrew when in
Committee of the Whole:
Jliid be it further enacted, That, the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
to adjust and settle tlie claims of the State of Florida, for
the services of ller troops, under the act of February 27,
1851, by the provisions of the statute for tlie settlement of
the claims of Virginia, for like seiviees, as prescribed by
this act.
That was prepared by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, since it was offered this afternoon;
and it is placing Florida upon a footing with Vir-
ginia and other States which have been legislated
for.
Mr. DAWSON. The committee ordered the
report to he made. The amendment which was
withdrawn this morning went to a greater extent
than the committee intended. Thisisin precise
conformity to the one which passed for the State
of Virginia. It prescribes the same rules that are
to be followed in the case of Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER. I make no objection to that.
Mr. BRIGHT This is in substance the same
amendment which was before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT. It was then withdrawn.
Mr. BRIGHT. It conies from the Senator from
Florida alone, and is not recommended by any
committee. That is the point to which I wish to
rail the attention of the Senate. The same prop-
osition was before the Committee on Military Af-
fairs: but that committee rejected it, at least so the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clemens,] a mem-
ber of that committee, stated to me; and he told
me, if I would appeal to him, he would so state.
I understood the honorable Senator from Florida,
when he presented the amendment before, to state
that-the money had already been appropriated.
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. And that all that was required
was authority from the General Government to
entitle Florida to pay the money.
Mr. WELLER. To receive it.
Mr. BRIGHT. No; I understand that the
money has been appropriated to the State of Flor-
ida, but that legislation is now necessary in order
to give Florida the right to pay it out. I un-
derstood the Senator from Florida to take that
ground.
Mr. MALLORY. The explanation is simple.
To reimburse Florida for the expenses of sup-
pressing hostilities in 1849, Congress passed an
act granting $75,000. In adjusting the claims of
Florida for the money paid, the accounting officers
were compelled to pay her troops less money than
the same description of troops in the Army are
entitled to by law. It was suggested by the ac-
counting officers that this was unjust, and a reso-
lution to remedy it was prepared under their direc-
tion, and submitted to the Committee 011 Military
Affairs. A member of that committee returned
the resolution to me, saying that it covered too
much ground, and suggested to me to prepare one
placing Florida on the same ground as other States,
viz: paying her mounted volunteers eight dollars
a month, i understand that is the whole ground
of the amendment. It simply places Florida in
that respect on an equality with other States.
Mr. BRIGHT. It is said that there will be an
end of time; but I doubt whether there will ever
be an end of the claims that Florida will present
for money to pay for this class of demands which
they allege they have against the Treasury of the
United States. There has been more money ap-
propriated out of the public Treasury to pay claims
in Florida, arising from Indian hostilities and va-
rious other modes and forms, than in any other
little State in the United States.
I confess I do not understand this claim, and for
that reason I am unwilling to vote for it. I am
willing to undertake to pay claims in Florida upon
the same principle that we have paid claims in Vir-
ginia, by an act of Congress passed for the relief of
Virginia; but they may be very different cases, and
rest upon very different foundations. I say, I do
not profess to understand this case. It may be
just; but if it wereso, why did the Committee on
Military Affairs decide against it ? If it be a just
claim, why has it not been paid long since ? Va-
rious applications have been made to Congress from
time to time by Florida to pay this class of claims;
and 1 confess frankly, that I suspect all these
claims, and am inclined to believe that they have
not merit in them.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, if the honor-
able Senator from Indiana had given one single
reason why this amendment should not be adopt-
ed, I would submit at once. He says he suspects
this claim. Why, sir, I understand that the
amendmenthasbeen prepared by the Military Com-
mittee. It has certainly been prepared by one mem-
ber of that committee, and only one could prepare
it. He drew it up and submitted it to me, and I
had so much confidence in his judgment, that I did
not take the trouble to read it through. This is
not the same amendment which I prepared with
the consent of one of the Auditors of the Treas-
ury, and offered this morning.
It is said that Florida has received a great deal
of money from the Treasury. I deny it, sir. But
when she gets a thousandth part from the scra-
pings of the Treasury, which the great West
(which the Senator from Indiana in part repre-
sents) gets, then we may come here and plead
guilty of getting too much. When Florida gets
paid a thousandth part of her just claims for which
she is now contending, then she may be open to
the imputation of getting something from the
United States. This Government engaged years
ago to remove the savage tribes of Indians from
Florida, who had kept the State in consternation
and terror for over ten years; and we repeatedly
called out our troops, whom the Government of
the United States was pledged in honor and faith
to pay; and when we ask to be paid for them, we
are answered, that we have received too much
money for this description of claims. Is that the
way to treat a claim 'presented here by a sover-
eign State? Why, you have voted amendment
after amendment of this sort to other States, and
why should you deny it to Florida?
When the gentleman says he suspects the
amendment, let him point out where any suspi-
cion upon it lies? These accounts are now before
the accounting officers of theTreasury, and it has
been suggested to us by these officers to prepare
some such proposition as this; that justice re-
quired it, and the moment it was passed they
would pay the money.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I regret very
much that this little amendment has elicited any
discussion. It is a very simple question. By the
act of 1851 there were $75,000 appropriated for
the reimbursement of Florida for moneys advanced
and paid by that State, and for obligations in-
curred in the suppression of Indian hostilities in
1849. These obligations were incurred by Flor-
ida in calling out her troops for the purpose of
suppressing these hostilities. The difficulty has
arisen as to the difference between the pay of cav-
alry and mounted men. If Florida had paid her
cavalry as mounted men, there would have been
no difficulty; but the Comptroller, in the settlement
of the accounts, thought that he was bound by the
act of 1836, which provided that the troops called
out for the suppression of Indian hostilities in the
Florida war should be paid as infantry. Florida
called out mounted men, and she,under her State
laws, paid them as cavalry—paid them at the rate
of eight dollars per month, instead of seven dol-
lars per month, the pay of infantry. It is there-
fore simply intended by this amendment to reim-
burse Florida for the additional dollar per month
which she has paid to those men. It is not asking
of the Senate to add at this time one dollar to the
appropriation bill, but it is simply to apply one
dollar per month out of the $75,000 appropriated
in 1851, to pay these troops as mounted men.
I regret exceedingly that the honorable Senator
from Indiana should have thought proper on this
occasion to make what I consider a fling at Flor-
ida.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not intend to do so.
Mr. MORTON. It is true that the Indian war
in Florida cost this Government an immense
amount of money; but that has been no fault of
the people of Florida. Forty millions have been
expended in that war; not for the benefit of the
people of Florida, but for the benefit of the Army
of the United States, and the hangers-on of that
Army. I have never seen ten citizens of the State
of Florida who were benefited $1,000 by the Flor-
ida war. Many of the citizens of that State lost
all their property by the war. The expenditure
of $40,000,000, part of which came from those
people, did not inure to their benefit, but to the
benefit of the Army and its hangers-on.
Mr. RUSK. There is another ground upon
which disappropriation,orrather this diversion of
an existing appropriation, ought, as it seems to
me, to be granted. By the law under which the
accounts were settled at the Auditor's office, there
was a distinction drawn between these and other
troops; and that distinction amounts to the pitiful
sum of one dollar a month. Now, the proposition
is to put Florida upon an equality with every
other State in the Union. The money has been
appropriated, and is now in the Treasury, and
this is merely to allow the money to be paid to
Florida in the same manner that other States have
been paid.
It has been said that the Florida war has cost
the United States a great deal. That is true, sir;
but it has cost Florida more. It has broken up
her settlements. Her people have lost nearly all
their property. Nay, more; many of them—men,
women, and children—who were entitled to pro-
tection by the strong arm of this Government, lost
their lives. It seems to me that it is perfectly rea-
sonable and eminently just to put these troops on
the same footing with similar troops who served
in other States.
Mr. SHIELDS. I merely wish to state that
the same principle has been applied to Virginia,
Georgia, South Carolina, and other States.
Mr. PRATT. I desire to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs,
whether, in the ease of Virginia, Georgia, and South
Carolina, the United States have paid mounted
men at the rate of eight dollars or seven dollars
per month ?
Mr. SHIELDS. Where the mounted men were
mustered as such, they were paid seven dollars a
month; butin Georgia, where they were mustered
as cavalry, we have made a provision similar to
this which is proposed now to be made for Flor-
ida.
Mr. PRATT. The true question, in my view,
is this: Under the then existing laws ofthe United
States all soldiers engaged m this war were entitled
to receive only at the rate of seven dollars per
month. The State of Florida poid to some, if not
all, of the soldiers whom she employed in that
war, eight dollars per month. She, therefore, ex-
ceeded by one dollar per month the limitation pre-
scribed by the act of the Federal Government. It
would give me great pleasure to vote with my
honorable friends from Florida on this question, if
the same principle has been applied to any one of
the cases which we have incorporated into this
bill. Have we in any one of these cases gone
beyond the act of 1836? If the United States have
gone beyond that, then I am willing to vote for
this claim. Are the cases which have been re-
