2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
to the best interests of the State I in part represent
here.
The question submitted to the Committee of
Conference, was the propriety of appropriating a
contingent fund for the service of the Indian De-
partment in California; a fund to dispatch messen-
gers from one section of the Indian country to
another, in an emergency; a fund to enable the
Superintendent to hire an escort of mountain men
to attend him in his visits to the hostile tribes, in-
stead of calling for a detachment of the Army to
accompany him, which latter course, if time per-
mitted, I could show will cost four or five times
the amount that would be required, if the Super-
intendent was permitted to hire his own escort. A.
single case will prove this. The Superintendent
must keep his office at San Francisco, the great
center of intelligence for the State. He is informed
of Indian troubles near Los Angeles: Instead of
going to the Army depot at Benicia, only thirty
miles from San Francisco, and taking an escort
from thence four hundred miles to Los Angeles,
if permitted to hire an escort of mountain men,
experienced in the habits of the Indians, he would
go alone to Los Angeles, and there get his escort,
visit the disturbed districts, perform his duty,
and then dismiss the escort. This would save
the expense of eight hundred miles transporta-
tion. Any one who has traveled in that country,
will at once see what an enormous additional ex-
pense this transportation will add to the expedi-
tion. And if, as is most probable, there should
be a collision with the Indians, of what service
would these regular soldiers be in a contest with
the mountain Indians? It would be like starting
an ox-team after what is called in our country a
jackass rabbit, as fleet, if not fleeter, than a grey-
hound. But all this additional expense leading to
future deficiency bills, all of this exposed ineffi-
ciency to divert the other House from its penny-
wise and pound-foolish policy in regard to Califor-
nia, passes for nothing with those who control its
deliberations.
Another item submitted to the Committee of
Conference, was a fund to pay the expenses of
the agents in traveling through these districts.
They are not allowed a cent to travel from point
to point, although the Indian territory in California
is a thousand miles in extent, in a region where
traveling is very expensive. If an agent hears of
a collision or expected collision between the miners
and Indians within the bounds of his district, re-
quiring his immediate presence, he is not permitted
to buy a horse, or pay for his subsistence, in
going to the point of disturbance to execute the
duty for which he was appointed. What protec-
tion can agents thus provided extend to the In-
dians? We have taken their acorns, grass-hop-
pers, fisheries, and hunting-grounds from them.
The ponds where the wild fowl assembled in the
winter, offering them for the time an abundant
supply of food, is now the mining and agricultural
region of our citizens. The Indian must perish
from cold and hunger, if this Government does
not interpose to save him. From his hunting-
ground we export an annual average value of
$60,000,000 in gold, and the revenue paid to the
Treasury, from one port in California, exceeds
$3,000,000 annually, and yet the miserable pit-
tance of $120,000, to feed and protect these original
inhabitants of the country, is refused and cut down
$20,000, by the grossly unjust policy adopted by
the other House. If this is to be the policy of this
Government towards these people, it will form a
dark page in our history, if it does not bring the
vengeance of Heaven upon us as a nation.
I now move that the Senate recede from such of
its amendments as have been disagreed to by the
House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the bill was finally passed.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL, ETC.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. Hayes, its Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had agreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the following bills:
An act making appropriations for the improve-
ment of certain harbors and rivers; and
An act in addition to an act to promote the prog-
ress of the useful arts.
CIVIL AJVT) DIPLOMATIC "BILL-
The message also announced that the House of
Representatives disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill " making appropriations for
i the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
' for the year ending the 30th June, 1853, and for
{ other purposes;" that they asked a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
that they had appointed Mr. Houston, Mr. Ap-
pleton of Massachusetts, and Mr. George W.
Jones of Tennessee, managers at the same on their
part.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives; and >
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Resolved, That they insist on their amendments disagreed
to by the House of Rcpresentattves, and agree to the confer-
ence asked by the House.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the conferees, on the part of the Senate,
be appointed by the President of the Senate.
And Mr. Hunter, Mr. Weller, and Mr.
Underwood, were appointed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill from the House of Representatives, which
lies on the table, granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the States of Arkansas
and Missouri, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from a point on the Mississippi river, oppo-
site the mouth of the Ohio river, via Little Rock,
to the Texas boundary, near Fulton, in Arkan-
sas, with branches to Fort Smith and the Missis-
sippi river.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will go on
with the appropriation bills. I want to take up
the Post Office appropriation bill next. There is
a bill from the House on the table, in which my
constituents are interested. It is " An act making
further provision for the satisfaction of Virginia
military land warrants;" but I wish to go on with
the appropriation bills to-night.
Mr. BORLAND. I think it will take but a
few minutes to dispose of the bill which I wish to
have taken up.
Mr. HUN JTER. I think it will take some time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That bill will give rise
to debate. I know a gentleman who has an amend-
ment prepared to offer to it.
The PRESIDENT. The bill cannotbe amend-
ed now.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It has never been read
once.
The PRESIDENT. That is the very reason
why it is not subject to amendment.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Can the bill be taken
up now for action?
The PRESIDENT. The bill has not been read
a first time. After it is read the first time, it re-
quires unanimous consent to read it a second time
on the same day.
The motion of Mr. Borland was agreed to; and
the bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask that the bill may be
read a second time now.
Mr. FISH. I am under the necessity of ob-
jecting to the second reading of the bill at this
time.
Mr. BROOKE. I rise to a question of modesty.
Mr. BADGER. That is a novel question in
this body.
Mr. BROOKE. I wish to put a bill upon its
passage, to which there can be no objection. I
call it a question of modesty because I have never
had the assurance yet to get up here and demand
or ask for the passage of any bill; and I now ask
the Senate to take up the bill from the House of
Representatives to amend an act entitled " An act
' for the discontinuance of the office of surveyor
4 general in the several districts so soon as the
4 surveys thereof can be completed, and for abol-
' ishing land offices in certain cases, and for other
4 purposes."
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall go on with
the appropriation bills.
Th,e motion of Mr. Brooke was not agreed to.
MILITARY LAND WARRANTS.
The bill making further provision for the satis-
faction of Virginia military land warrants was
read, and passed to the second reading.
LAND DISTRIBUTION BILL.
Mr. FISH. I move to postpone the previous
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill from
the House of Representatives, "making grants of
land to aid in the construction of railroads, and
for other purposes," commonly known as Ben-
nett's land distribution bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator from New
York will permit us to go on with the appropria-
tion bills and dispose of them.
Mr. FISH. I would be very willing to give
way to the Senator from Virginia, if I thought
there would be another opportunity of getting up
this bill. I have been trying for the last ten or
twelve days to get an opportunity to call it up.
I have yielded from day to day in order to allow
the appropriation bills to pass, but discussions of
all kinds have crept in till this fate hour of the*
session, and now when I have an opportunity of
taking the sense of the Senate, I really do not feel
justified in yielding that opportunity.
Mr. SHIELDS. At this late hour on Satur-
day night, to take up a bill that will be discussed
until the end of the session is, I think, a most ex-
traordinary proceeding.
Mr. PRATT. Who will discuss it until the1
end of the session?
Mr. SHIELDS, I am prepared to enter into
its discussion if it should be taken up.
Mr. FISH called for the yeas and nays on his
motion; and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS Messrs. Brooke, Clarke, Davis, Dawson,
Downs, Pit h, Foot, Hale, James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mangum, Miller. Morton, Pratt, Seward, Smith, Spraance,
Stockton, Underwood, Wade, and Weller—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bradbury, Bright, Brodhead,
Charlton, Chase, De Saussore, Dodse of Iovra-, Felchy
Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Iltmter, King, Mason, Meri-
wether, Noiri®, Rusk, Shields, Soute, Sumner, Toucey,
and Walker—23.
So the motion was not agreed to.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move now to postpone the
prior orders in order to take up the bill from the
House "making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1853.
Mr. GWIN. I think the naval appropriation
bill has precedence.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; this was reported
first.
Mr. HALE. I wish simply to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance if he pro-
poses to take up the naval appropriation bill to-
night ?
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall be able tc
dispose of all the appropriation bills to-night.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It was reported from the Committee on
Finance, with an amendment, which was to add:
"Sec.2. Andbeit further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby authorized, whenever he shall
deem it discreet, to dispense with the route agents now sent
with the mails from New York to-California, and in lieu
thereof, to appoint not more than two resident agents to
take charge of the mail service across the Isthmus to Pana-
ma, and to allow said agents for salary and personal ex-
penses, not exceeding $3,000 per year for each of said
agent", which shall be paid out of the money annually ap1-
propriated for the transportation of the mails."
Mr. HUNTER. That amendment was recom-
mended by the Postmaster General. It is a limit-
ation on the number of agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOULE. I propose the following amend-
ment:
To enable the Postmaster General to contract for the
transportation of the mail by steamboat from the Lake
House to New Era, on the route No. 6J16, from Donaldson-
villc to Washington, in the State of Louisiana, $7,000.
A few words will suffice to put the Senate in a
position to judge of the merits of this amend-
ment. There is a line known under No. 6,116
running from a place on the Mississippi river,
called Donaldsonville, to a place in the interior of
Louisiana, called Washington. The mail runs
three times a week on that line. It has to cross
three small lakes from the point designated as the
Lake House, to the point where it meets the river
going up to New Orleans. At this moment that
mail is carried in open skiffs, and the dangers of
navigation are such that there is no security for
the mail, and least of all for the passengers. The
small amount asked will enable the contractor to
carry the mail through these three lakes three
times a week in a safe manner, and so as to afford
security to those passengers who may wish to go
with the mail. The matter has been laid before
