1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2489
the Postmaster General, but as he entertains some
doubts whether he possesses authority under the
act of 1845, he was prevented acting: upon the
proposal, although, from the conversation which
I had with him, he seemed to approve of the ar-
rangement. The amendment is proposed under
the authority of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and I hope it will meet with no
opposition.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer
From the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, by way of additional section:
"Sec. —. *And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
CJeneralis authorized to contract with the Ocean Steam
Navigation Company for one additional trip on the Ilavie
line, and one additional trip on the Bremen line, until the
expiration of their existing contracts, receivingand deliver-
ing mails at Southampton, Cowes, or Plymouth, as the
Posfmat-ter General may direct, according to such schedule
as shall be proscribed by the Postnm&tei General, m order
thereby to maintain through such lines and the Collin1*
lme, a regular weekly communication by American mail
steamer* between the United States and ttie United King-
dom of (2j eat Rritain and Iteland; but the compensation for
such additional nips shall not exceed the compensation al-
lowed for each trip under the said existing contract: Pro-
vide!}, That the Postmaster General he, find he is hereby
authorized, in his discretion, to negotiate with the con-
tractors for changing the terminus of the Havre line from
Havre to Antwerp, in Belgium, and to make an agieement
for such change if he shall think proper; but the increased
compensation to be allowed for such change shall be limited
to a prorata allowance for the increased distance."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment to offer
as an additional section:
Sec. —. Jin&be it further enacted, That the salary of the
route agents be, and the same is hereby, increased to $1,000
per annum.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I have an amendment which
I desire to offer to this bill. It is the bill which
has passed the House of Representatives, which
we commonly refer to under the title of the Wheel-
ing Bridge bill. It is for the purpose of preserving
that important national structure from being taken
down. The Senate will recollect that I asked them
to take up the bill the other day as a separate bill;
but that was refused me, and therefore I offeritas
an amendment to this bill:
<1Sec.—. Jind bcit further enacted^ That the bridges across
the Ohio river at Wheeling, in the State of Virginia, and «il
Bridgeport, in the State of Ohio, abutting on Zane's J-I/md
in said rivei, aie hereby declared to be lawful structuies in
their present position and elevation, and shall be so held
and taken to bo, anything in any law or laws of the United
States to the contrary notwithstanding.
"Sec. —. Jindbeit further enacted, That the said bridges
are declared to be, and are established post roads for the pas-
sage of the mails of the United States, and that the Wheel-
ing and Belmont Bridge Company are authorized to have
and maintain their said bridges at their present site and ele-
vation; and the officers and crew of all vessels and boats
navigating said river, are required to regulate the use of
their said vessels and boats, and of any pipes or chimneys
belonging thereto, so as not to interfere with the elevation
and construction of said bridges."
Mr. BRADBURY. As the question presented
by this amendment is one of some delicacy, in re-
gard to which there is liability to misconception, I
wish to say a few words. The honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Btjtler,] the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, as well as
myself, would have preferred a different bill from
that embodied in this amendment. I think it im-
portant that the legislation of Congress on the sub-
ject of this bridge should assume such shape as to
guard against all appearance of conflict with the
Supreme Court, or of any attempt to overturn the
decision it has made. Our action should be such
that the popular, as well as the legal mind of the
country, should be exposed to no misapprehension.
If it is advisable for us to legislate to preserve this
bridge in its present form and elevation, we can do
so in a manner to avoid any erroneous conception
as to what we attempt.
Under the law of the United States for the en-
rolling and licensing coasting vessels, all vessels
so enrolled and licensed have the right to navigate
the Ohio river, a public navigable stream, without
impediment. The court found this bridge an ob-
struction, which impaired this right of free navi-
gation, and therefore violated the law which, by
necessary implication, forbids such obstruction.
It was for violating this law that the bridge is held
to be a nuisance. It is for violating the existing
law for the regulation of commerce; but it is as
competent for the Congress to modify this as any
other law, and if we interpose to afford relief from
the effect of carrying it out, the more appropriate ;
course would seem to be to make such modifica- ;
tion as will meet the exigency. This can be done
by an act regulating the height of the chimneys of ,
the boats"navigating the river. It can be done in [
the exercise of unquestioned power, in the ordi-
nary mode of legislation, ana in a manner that :
could create no erroneous impression. I have felt
disposed to interpose in this manner, and to sus-
tain such an act for the reason that the bridge has
been erected in good faith, under charters from
the contiguous States, and affords great public
convenience without being any very serious ob-
struction to navigation, if we should pass such a
law for the regulation of the height of the chim-
neys of the steamers, the bridge would not obstruct
the boats that conformed to it; and as it would be
the duty of all to conform, there would then be no
legal ground for complaint against the bridge, and
the court would, on application, unquestionably
modify its decree.
The chairman of the committee, [Mr. Butler,]
who is now out of his seat, desired me to say, if
the subject was called up in his absence, that he
concurred substantially in the views which I have
endeavored to express.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I was not in my seat
when this amendment was offered, or I should
have raised a question of order. I did not expect
that so important a proposition as this would have
been offered as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. BADGER. I certainly gave notice to the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania that I would
offer it as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. T now recollect that the
• honorable Senator from North Carolina did men-
tion to me that he intended to offer it as an amend-
ment to this bill, but in the hurry and confusion
of business it had escaped my recollection. I am !
opposed to this amendment. I feel bound to act
in this case according to the instructions, legisla-
tive and judicial, of*my own State. The history
of the case now before the Senate is this: In 3848
the Attorney General of the State of Pennsylvania,
before the bridge was completed, instituted pro-
ceedings in the Supreme Court of the United
States against this bridge. Those proceedings
were prosecuted under the authority of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania to final judgment. The
following are the grounds upon which the Attor-
ney General of Pennsylvania asked the Supreme
Court to compel the company to abstain from
erecting an obstruction to the navigation:
" 1. That the Ohio river is a public highway leading to and
from the ports of Pennsylvania, the free navigation whereof
was a right by the law of nature and of nations, and secured
by constitutional provisions and by compact between the
States.
"2d. That the right freely to navigate the river to and
from her ports belonged to the citizens of X>enns\ivania,
and to all the citizens of the United State«.
" 3d. That anv obstruction to navigation was a violation
of public law, constitutional right, and State compact, which
the Supreme Court, as a court of equity, on complaint by
an injuied State, was bound to prohibit."
These are the grounds of complaint upon the
part of Pennsylvania. The Ohio is a great public
highway leading to and from the borders of Penn-
sylvania; and the citizens of that State have a
right to its free navigation. This complaint was
deliberately heard before the highest tribunal of
the country. That tribunal is a coordinate and
independent branch of this Government; and when
the judgment of that court is properly rendered in
a case where it has jurisdiction, it is final and
conclusive. Now, what is the proposition here?
It is to overturn and set aside the decision of the
Supreme Court of the United States. What
right have you to do that? The Supreme Court,
amongst other things, decided:
"]. The Ohio river is a highway of commerce between
the States, fiec navigation wheieof beinsr secured by regu-
lations ofCongiess, and by compact of Virginia and Ken-
tucky with all the States of the Union, it cannot lawfully
be ob-tructed under authonty of any State.
"2. An obstruction to the navigahon of the Ohio river is
an injury to the commerce and public works of the State of
Pennsylvania, for which she is entitled to redress bv pro-
ceedings in equity in the Supieme Couit of the United
States. *
«3. The Wheeling Bridge is a torients obstruction to the
■navigation of the Ohio river, and is a public nuisance.
"4. It obstructs the passage of the seven daily steam-
packet^ between Pittsburg and Cincinnati, which carry
one half of the trade and three fourths of the passenger* on
the Ohio river: the annual value of the merchandise and
freight carried by them exceed* $33,000,000 in value, and
the passengers over eighty thousand in numhei
"5. The bridge is not ninety-two feet above the ground
at any point; its highest point is not over the channel, and
it is thirty feet lower at one end than at the other, so that
the packets cannot pass in any stage of water without re-
ducing the height of their chimneys, or lowering them in
order to pass the bridge.
"6. It is clearly proved by science, and confirmed by
practical skill and experience," that the present height of the
packet chimneys is necessaiy, and that they cannot be re-
duced in length without serious injury to the speed and
; power of the vessel.
The packet chimneys were as high as they now are
before the crection of the bridge. Chimneys of equal and
greater height are used on the ocean steamers, and Che best
packets of the eastern waters, the lakes, and the Missis-
sippi.
"8. It is proved by science, experience, and the nature
of things, that the packet chimneys cannot be lowered to
pass the bridge, without imposing heavy expenses upon the
packet, and endangering the safety of the vessel, and the
lives of the passengers and crew.
"9. The defendants are required to relieve navigation
from obstruction by elevating tUe bridge to the height of one
hundred and eleven feet above low-water level for the width
of three hundred feet over the channel.
ei 10. This can be done, and the bridge, after all expend-
itures arc made, will yield a fair piofit to the stockholders."
These are the points which were adjudged by
the Supreme Court of the United States. It de-
cided that the citizens of Pennsylvania had a right
to the free and unobstructed navigation of the
Ohio river, and that the deprivation of that right
was an injury to their ports and their citizens.
Therefore, I ask, what right have we to interfere
with the decision of the Supreme Court? This is
not the place where an appeal can be heard from
that decision. The case is not to be tried here.
The Supreme Court have decided that those having
the right of water navigation cannot be interfered
with by those who have the right of commerce
by land, for it is secured to them by compact.
The resolution in the Congress of the Confed-
eration, dated the 12th of May, 178G, is as fol-
lows:
" Resolved, That the navigable waters leading into the
Mississippi and St. Lawrence, and the carry ing places be-
tween the same, be, and they are hereby, declared to be com-
mon highways, and be forever free, as well to the inhab-
itants of said Territory as to the citizens of the United States,
and those of any other States that may be admitted into the
Confederation, without anv tax, impost, or duty therefor."
—Journal of Congress, 1786, page 637.
By the sixth article of the Constitution this
engagement of the Confederation became as valid
against the United States as under the Confeder-
ation. In 1789, Kentucky was admitted into the
Union upon ccrtain terms and conditions, among
which was the following;
" That the u«se and navigation of the river Ohio, so far as
the territory of the proposed State, or the territory that shall
remain without the limits of this Commonwealth lies there-
on, shall be free and common to the citizens of the United
States."
This bridge was erected by a private corpora-
tion. A private corporation, therefore, interferes
with the free navigation of the Ohio river and with
the commerce of that river. The question is,
whether a private corporation can so erect a bridge
over one of the great channels of commerce in this
country, as to obstruct that commerce. It is said
that you have the right to establish post roads,
and thepower to do this is sought to be established
under the power granted by the Constitution to
Congress, to establish post offices and post roads.
But, sir, have you a right so to carry out one item
of this Constitution as to invade the Constitutional
rights of citizens under another clause of the Con-
stitution?
It is not my purpose to argue this question at
length. It would be useless and unnecessary to
do so at this late hour of the evening, and at this
late period of the session, even if I had physical
! strength, after a twelve hours' session, to do so.
, It has been fully heard before the competent tri-
1 buna!—the Supreme Court of the United States—
] and that tribunal has decided that the rights of
; citizens of Pennsylvania have been invaded.
! Now, sir, suppose that the Supreme Court of the
I United States were to decide that your title to your
! farm was a good one, what right would the Con-
! gress of the United States have to interfere and
j Say in opposition to the decision of the Court that
I your rights could be invaded ?
I only state the points in the case, for I have no
time or strength to do more. I make this opposi-
tion to the proposition, under the instructions of
the Legislature of my own State, which I consider
binding in this case. In 1844, when a bridge was
first proposed to be erected over the Ohio from
Wheeling, the Legislature of Pennsylvania in-
structed her Senators and requested hei Represent-
atives in Congress to vote against the construction
of any bridge at any place which would interfere
