1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1575
shot of which the Senator speaks, solid shot, or
not?
Mr. HUNTER. I do not know; but I know
that Commodore Morris told me they were shot
of greater weight than sixty-four pounds; and I
think, though I will not speak with certainty on
this point, that he told me some of these shot
would weigh one hundred and twenty pounds.
_ Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia will permit me, I can relieve him from all
difficulty in regard to that objection.
The first objection made by the honorable
Senator is, that Mr. Stevens refused to submit
the plan of his steamer to the Department. Sir, I
say again, the plan was submitted, and is now
here before me. In regard to this other objection,
as to the improvement of shot, I have to say that
I am quite willing that, the resolution should be
so amended as to require Mr. Stevens to con-
struct a vessel that will be proof against any
shell or shot now in use in the Navy of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. HUNTER. That would relieve the res-
olution in part. But it is to be remembered that
this contract requires the Government of the Uni-
ted States to advance for materials as he goes
along; and what security are we to have, m the
event that he should fail in resisting any projec-
tiles known at the time of the completion of the
ship, that the money will be returned ? Now, if
it is designed to save the United States, there
ought to be some provision in relation to that
matter; for, by the time the vessel is completed,
the Government will have advanced very nearly
its cost, as I understand the contract. Therefore
it seems to me that if the resolution is to take
that shape, there ought to be some provision for
refunding this money which will have to be ad-
vanced. In relation to the plan, I think there are
certain things specified in the contract, but I do
not think it specifies the thickness of the plates,
or the mould or form of the vessel.
Mr. STOCKTON. The plates are to be four
and a half inches thick.
Mr. HUNTER. Is that the thickness of the
plate through which the Senator from New Jersey
gent a ball with his gun ?
Mr. STOCKTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I hope this
resolution may pass. The contract with Mr.
Stevens was made, not upon an assurance and
a certainty that such a steamer as this could be
built, but by way of experiment to ascertain
whether it was possible; and to secure such a re-
sult, if it was possible. It was wisely made, if
the character of Mr. Stevens for intelligence, sa-
gacity, and science, gave a guarantee that he
would ascertain this important result. No one
can question that the character of Mr. Stevens
afforded that guarantee. A more accomplished,
scientific, mechanical engineer, does not exist in
this, or any other country. The country is filled
already with trophies of the success of his experi-
ments.
It was wise, then, to obtain this measure of de-
fense through this agency. And now I ask,
whether anything has occurred to shake the con-
fidence of the public in the success of the experi-
ment? I submit that nothing has occurred; that
the character of Mr. Stevens remains as unques-
tioned as before; and that he has prosecuted the
experiment with diligence, with the most lavish
expenditure of his own private means; and yet, at
the same time, with caution marking every step—
going across to England more than once for the
purpose of obtaining materials there, which could
not be obtained here.
This would seem, then, to be a question fore-
closed, if the action of Congress ever forecloses
debate. Congress went into this for the purpose
of experiment. They went into it wisely. Hav-
ing 110 substantial cause to recede, they are bound
in good faith to him, and bound by considerations
of the wisdom of the original proceeding, to prose-
cute it to an end. The question whether he sub-
mitted his plans to the Department, is a question
that has passed. No material inconvenience or
injury has resulted from it. If he did not at that
time submit his plans, they are now before the
Department. But we are told that Mr. Stevens
cannot succeed in producing such a vessel as was
contemplated. Sir, I remember that all the scien-
tific men in England—and there are as scientific
men there as anywhere—maintained that it was
impossible to navigate the ocean between the two
continents with steam. That was settled as a
principle of science; established, it was supposed,
by the savans of Europe, the very day when the
Sirius and Great Britain arrived simultaneously
from England in the harbor of New York. There
is no way of knowing what cannot be done in
science, but by trying.
Sir, I remember to have met a gentleman who
told me that, in the year 1804,1805, or 1806, when ;
he was visiting Paris, at a dinner party at the !
American minister's, there was a young man ex-
ceedingly loquacious and offensive, because he en- '
grossed too much of the conversation; and he con- ,
fined his remarks to a single topic, and that was i
the subject of navigation by steam power alone. I
And he said to incredulous ears all around him, j
that if he could only get the sum of §10,000, he i
would, in two years from that date, have a steam- !
boat upon the Hudson river, which would navi- '
gate from the commercial to the political capital of
the State of New York, at the rate of four miles
an hour. He was voted an enthusiast. That
young man was Robert Fulton. The Government,
did not furnish the means, but he obtained them
from liberal patrons, and completed his experi-
ments, and we have the vast result.
I I remember aiso, sir, that when there was a
project to establish communication by the use of
the electric fluid, but a few years ago, it was main-
tained that that was impossible. Congress appro-
priated the money to be applied, in the hands of a ,
scientific man, in whom the nation had confidence, <
that, if a desirable result could be obtained, he would I
! produce it—and they gave it not grudgingly—to j
j make the experiment between this city and Balti- j
more. In spite of incredulity here and elsewhere, '
i the experiment was successfully carried through, j
It would have been just as wise to have arrested '
Pulton in his first experiments, or to have given i
over the steam navigation on the Atlantic without1
an experiment, or to have arrested the piogress of
Morse in producing his invention, as it would be |
for you, in regard to Mr. Stevens's invention, to 1
stop at the point where you are. j
Mr. President, on the general question, it seems !
to me there can be no doubt. I remember, a few j
years ago, when the British Government demanded ;
of the American Government the surrender of a
subject of the f^rown of Great Britain, who was
arrested on a charge of crime in the State of New
York, and intimations were made by the public
newspapers and elsewhere, that, unless the demand
was complied with within a given time, the port!
of New York would be bombarded by a British i
fleet; and British vessels were said to be on their i
way and hovering on our coast for that purpose, i
I remember the consternation and panic which was I
produced, not only m that great commercial capi- !
i tal, but throughout the United States, and that
men were willing, withoutinquiring intothejustice
and merits of the question, or waiting-to deliberate
or debate upon it, to save the commercial capital
of the country by surrendering to the demand of j
the foreign Power at once—to humble the nation i
at the feet of the mistress of the seas. That is 1
precisely the condition in which we are to-day, '
and in which we shall be until we adopt some ;
policy of defense for our great commercial towns; ,
and I know no policy that can be adopted so wisely !
as to furnish to judicious, qualified, and scientific ;
engineers the funds necessary to producc, if pos- ■
sible, a floating defense, to be used in aid and in 1
j cooperation with the stationary defenses of Amor- ;
j ican ports. I hope, then, that the resolution may
Mr. HUNTER. This case presents two
questions. The.first is, whether we have entered
into a contract which binds us to proceed any ;
further. If we have entered into such a contract,
we are bound to go on. But so far as I have
been able to determine, from the examination I ;
have made with regard to that question, it seems ;
to me that such is not the case. The law requires !
the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a contract j
to build a ship according to the plan of Mr. Ste- !
vens, which shall be shot and shell proof. I do '
not profess to have looked into all the papers j
relating to the proposition of Mr. Stevens, or to j
have examined them with great accuracy; but I j
have understood that the statement of the Navy ;
Department is, that they suspended the contract j
because such a plan as they supposed the law to j
contemplate, was not presented to them. That |
is their ground, aa I understand. If such a plan
was not presented to them, I think they were
justified by law in suspending the contract; be-
cause the law required Mr. Stevens to build a
ship, composed of iron, which should be shot and
shell proof. They had a right to look into the
plan, in order that they might guard the Govern-
ment against tire loss which would be incurred by
a visionary project.
Mr. STOCKTON. If the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Hunter] will excuse me, I must again
and most positively insist that there is no evi-
dence whatever to show that the Navy Depart-
ment has ever even made that an excuse for not
complying with the contract. If the gentleman
has any official record to that effect in his posses-
sion let him show it. There is no such evidence.
On the contrary, I believe that that never was the
reason assigned for refusing to continue the pay-
ments to Mr. Stevens. If 1 understand the matter
aright, that refusal arose simply from the fact
that the Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Preston,
undertook to say that his predecessor had no
right to continue the contract; and therefore he
was bound to refrain from paying anything more,
and to refer the matter to Congress. If the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has any official
information which can alter that state of the case,
I should be glad to see it. I insist that the Sec-
retary of the Navy was wholly wrong in his
opinion, that his predecessor, Mr.Mason, had no
authority to continue the contract; no doubt he
thought so, and did not feel authorized to continue
the payments, and therefore referred the matter to
Congress; and that is the very reason why this
resolution is now before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. The statement which I made
was drawn from Commodore Morris. The docu-
ments and papers which relate to the subject are
very voluminous, and I have not had time to ex-
amine them full v, but I presume that the Navy De-
partment would not discontinuetlie contract with-
out some lawful ground. The reason which I have
stated was regarded as sufficient, I believe. If my
memory serves me correctly, the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] showed me the ar-
gument of the counsel of Mr. Stevens, in which
he undertook to show that Mr. Stevens was not
under the necessity of presenting his plan. At
any rate, I think the Navy Department, consist-
ing of a board of skillful, scientific, and expe-
rienced officers—gentlemen who thoroughly un-
derstood the business of their profession—had
some ground upon which to act before they sus-
pended this contract. And I say that if, under
the circumstances, they were justified in doing it
by the law, then the only other question which
arises is, whether, admitting it was proper to sus-
pend the contract, it would now be politic to en-
large or renew it. Here again v/e have only to
rely upon the opinion of persons better skilled in
such matters than I am. The Navy Department
did not think it was politic to go on with this con-
tract. I should suppose it would be satisfactory
to all parties to compensate Mr. Stevens for what
he has already laid out or lost, rather than to go
on with it, especially as the contract calls for the
construction of a" battery or ship which would be
able to resist a sixty-four pound shot. I believe
a much larger projectile is now used than was in
use at the time the contract was originally made.
If t'os be so, then why should we build a ship,
which, though it would have been efficient then,
would not be so in the present state of naval sci-
ence ?
But the Senator from New York tells us that,
because Fulton made great discoveries, and there
were some very incredulous persons at that time,
and because he succeeded, and because ether men
who have made discoveries have been met with
incredulity, therefore it is improper to resist this
application. That sort of argument would prevent
us from opposing any scheme, no matter how vis-
ionary it might be. There was a better argument
at hand, founded upon the reputation of this gen-
tleman, who is a skillful engineer, and who has
done a great deal for the cause of art, and some-
thing for that of science. But, sir, it seems to me
that instead of adopting his opinion in relation to
it, it would be a more prudent and cautious course
to rely upon that which governed the Department;
and therefore X was disposed to suspend the work
till we have more information in relation to it.
I acknowledge that the opinion of the Senator
