2440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 28,
with the navigation of the Ohio river. In 1850 a
similar resolution of instruction was passed. In
1851 she repeated those instructions. The Canal
Commissioners of Pennsylvania have declared
that the bridge was an obstruction to the free nav-
igation of the river, and injurious to the com-
merce and revenues of Pennsylvania. The Su-
preme Court of the United States has sustained
this complaint. It has declared these complaints
to be well founded; and I think, therefore, that
this legislation is altogether out of place. There
is no urgent necessity for the adoption of this
measure at this time. At any rate, the judgment
of the Supreme Court cannot be carried into effect,
and execution had thereon, until February next.
That being the case, why should we have so im-
portant a question decided upon as an amendment
to this bill at this late hour of the night, and
this late period of the session ? Let it go over to
the next session. It is a delicate and important
question, and I ask that the subject be passed over
until the next session. Let the bill which came
from the House lie on the table until December
next, when we can consider it deliberately.
L have said that this is a delicate and important
question. It is one which cannot be argued fully
this evening. T do not feel at liberty to go into it
at length, nor have I all the papers and documents
before me. Besides, my colleague has been un-
able to remain in the Senate Chamber this even-
ing, and has gone home. We have now been in
session nearly twelve hours. He is not here, and
I presume he desires to be heard. If we pass the
subject over until December next, this company
will not be injured, and we can then deliberately
and carefully examine and decide this delicate and
important question between sovereign States, be-
tween 'two of the old and venerable States of this
Union. We can then decide upon it in a much
halter manner than we can now.
Mr. BADGER. If, Mr. President, this ques-
tion has been brought before the Senate at an un-
seasonable time, I wish the Senate to bear me wit-
ness that, if there be any fault about it, it is the
fault of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and not
mine. I asked the Senate, days ago, to take up
this bill for consideration. If it had then been
taken up, the Senator could have been heard, and
we all should have had an opportunity to discuss
it. The Senator objected to it then, and objected
to it on the ground of the absence of his colleague.
His colleague was in the Chamber in three minutes
after the Senate had disposed of the question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is true that I objected
to H a few days ago, but I submit now to the Sen-
ale, and to the honorable Senator from North Car-
olina, whether, with the appropriation bills then
pressing upon us, it was a much more suitable
moment to consider it than it is now?
Mr. BADGER. Then it results in this: it is
never seasonable to consider it. The bill which I
now offer as an amendment came from the House.
It was reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. 1 asked, under their instructions, to have it
taken up and considered. The honorable Senator
objected because his colleague was absent, anil
upon his objection the Senate refused to take it up
for consideration. That there might be no ground
for surprise, I then gave notice to the honorable
Senator that, when the Post Office appropriation
bill came up, I should offer this amendment. I
have now offered it at the first seasonable moment.
I ask if I have been at fault because it is offered at
the close of the session ?
The Senator now says that he wants it laid
over until the next session; and suggests that his
colleague has gone away, being no longer able to
stay here. I have the highest regard for both the
honorable Senators from Pennsylvania, and, if it
were a question of courtesy, I should be willing to
postpone it for five years, m order to accommo-
date them. But that is not the case here. The
Senator says we should postpone this until the
next session*^that the decree of the court is not to
be executed till February next. But does not the
honorable Senator know that, if this measure goes
over until the next session, it will not be passed
in time? He must know that the Senate ne\er
enters into the discussion of any- business until
after the Christmas holidays. If the bill should
then pass, what would be the consequence? Pro-
ceedings would have to be instituted in the Supreme
Court for the purpose of arrissing the taking
down of the bridge. It is possible that the bill
might be got through in time; but it is too serious
a matter to risk in that way.
Now as to the character of the proposition. The
honorable Senator speaks of it as a bill to reverse
the decision of the Supreme Court. Sir, I deny
it utterly and absolutely. It is plain and apparent
upon the face of the bill that it ie no sucn thing.
What is the reversal of the judgment of a court ?
It is to declare* by a superior tribunal, that, as
the law stood when the court pronounced the judg-
ment, that judgment was erroneous; and upon
that ground should never have been pronounced.
Does this propose any such thing? No, sir. It
assumes the judgment of the court to be right, and
the first section of the amendment declares that, if
the Wheeling Bridge (which the court have pro-
nounced to be a nuisance) is a nuisance, in conse-
quence of anything contained in any law or laws
of the United States, that law or those laws shall
be put out of the way, and shall not be considered
| as affecting this bridge.
What does the second section of the amend-
ment propose? To make the bridge a post road, a
public highway; and then, in the next place, it
directs that vessels navigating that stream shall
regulate their smoke-pipes in such a manner as
not to interfere with this bridge. Will any gentle-
man undertake to tell me what part of this under-
takes to reverse the decision of the Supreme
Court? It is just this case: Suppose a judgment
had been rendered in the courts of the United
States, awarding a certain sum of money to the
United States, and directing that that money should
be paid next February, could we not pass an act
releasing that debt? It would prevent the execu-
tion of the judgment; because we, as the owners,
release the debt. But does it reverse the judg-
ment? So here; do we undertake to say that the
judgment was wrong when it was delivered 11 Not
at all. But we say this: if the judgment was right,
in consequence of any law of ours, then, as far
as this bridge is concerned, we repeal the law.
Now, if the honorable Senator cannot perceive
the difference between this and ieversing the judg-
ment, I am very sorry for it, but I cannot help it. It
appears to me that the distinction is perfectly plain.
If there be anything in the case beyond the law
of Congress—if there be anything, as the Senator
says, in a compact, in virtue of which the bridge
is a nuisance, and must be put down, why, the
high tribunal which has this case before it, will,
upon application, so decide, and the bridge must
go down. But uje assume no jurisdiction or con-
trol over that. We only assume jurisdiction to
alter our own laws. Then, the whole matter is
reduced to this: Is it expedient? Shall that noble
structure go down? Shall seven steamboats, out
of the three hundred and fifty navigating the Ohio,
be put to the trouble of reducing their smoke-pipes
five or six feet, so as to be able to pass under the
bridge? That is the question of expediency.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I merely wish to make
one observation in reply to the Senator from North
Carolina. The Supreme Court of the United
States has decided that this bridge is a nuisance,
injurious to the rights of the citizens of Pennsyl-
vania. Now, what right have you to declare that
a lawful structure which the Supreme Court has
decided to be a nuisance, and injurious to the citi-
zens of Pennsylvania ?
Mr. BADGER. We do not so declare it.
Mr. BRODHEAD, The Supreme Court of
the United States has declared the bridge to be a
nuisance, injurious to the rights of the citizens of
Pennsylvania, and you say that the rights of the
citizens of Pennsylvania shall be invaded by this
bridge; that our people shall not have the right to
the free navigation of the Ohio river. The Su-
preme Court has said that the free navigation of
the river has been interrupted, and now we propose
to declare that this nuisance, notwithstanding tr is
an interruption, shall be a legal structure. That
is the question. It is a delicate question, arising
between States.
I think that one month at the opening of the
next session willb^sufficientto decide this matter.
The gentleman from North Carolina agrees with
me that the judgment of the court cannot he car-
ried into effect, and execution had thereon, until
February next. We eh all then have, at the next
session, two months to consider the bill which has
been sent to us from the House. I think that the
Senate of the United States will consider it a ques-
tion of sufficient importance to dispose of it in
the month of December or January. But I do
not wish to detain the Senate at this late hour by
any further remarks.
Mr. MASON. I must ask the Senate to in-
dulge me but a very few moments, not to add any-
thing to whfit has fallen from the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina, who is a member of
the Judiciary Committee; for he has placed the
legal question in a clearer light than I could. He
has shown what every Senator knows, and what
the Senator from Pennsylvania knows, that the
judiciary cannot legislate. They are to expound
the existing laws, and nothing more. As the
Senator from North Carolina says, they have ex-
pounded the existing law, and declared, as their
judgment, that, under the existing Jaw, this bridge
is a nuisance. Do we attempt to reverse that
judgment? Certainly not. But we do say that,
i if it be a nuisance under existing laws* those laws
| shall be removed out of the way; and that is all
I the amendment declares.
! I wish now to say a word about the true history
| of this matter. It has become a part of the history
i of the country. This difficulty had its origin in a
! wretched competition between the city of Pitts-
I burg and those who navigate the Ohio river below
1 Wheeling. That was the whole of it. The fact
1 was demonstrated over and over again, that the
1 smoke chimneys of the Pittsburg steamboats were
; elevated in order to come into collision with" that
I bridge. That has nothing to do with the question
' before the Senate, I admit; but it is afact, they were
j elevated in order to come into collision with that
I bridge. At the instance of the city of Pittsburg,
I the State of Pennsylvania requested that these
| proceedings should be judicially instituted.
; Mr. BRODHEAD. The Senator will allow me
' to interrupt him. He says that these chimneys
i were elevated for the purpose of coming into col-
! Iision with this bridge.
I Mr. MASON. Yes, sir.
i Mr. BRODHEAD. Now, I will read what the
Supreme Court decided upon that point:
"7. The packet chimneys wore as hi«;h as they now are
In-fore Hie election of the bridge. Chimneys of equal and
! eioater hnyht are u-ori on tl'o ocean steamers, arid the bp?t
packet* ot the eastern waters, the lakes, and the Missis-
m ppi."
Mr. MASON. The Supreme Court took that
from evidence, gotten up by this extraordinary
organization. That evidence was taken for the
Supreme Court by Chancellor Walworth, of New
York. But the fact was, arid yet remains, that
: there were but two boats pretending to be of that
I height when the structure was commenced, and its
j elevation was ascertained; but, by the time the
! bridge was completed seven of those boats got
j very high chimneys. 1 do not mean, however, to
' go into that subject; because I am not one of those
! who would undertake, by legislation, to reverse
; the judgment of a court. But I wish to call atten-
| tion to the fact, that here is the State of Pennsyl-
j vania complaining through its Senator of this
j bridge, when it has a bridge at Pittsburg, and
j above Pittsburg, over the Allegany river, a river
i that runs up to New York. It has a bridge over
! the Monongahela, a river that runs through Vir-
I ginia; and the boats navigating it every day in the
j year lower their chimneys to pass under Pennsyl-
vania bridges. Yet under this wretched compe-
j tition of the city of Pittsburg it would deny sub-
! stantially all communication across the waters of
the Ohio, in order that it might flourish. That is
; the whole matter.
1 Mr. BROOKE. In all legal questions, I am
willing, and more than willing, to yield to the
' authority of the Supreme Couit; but, in questions
, of fact, J conceive, that, as a member of the Con-
| gress of the United States, I have the same right
j of judgment, humble as I am, as the Supreme
i Court has. As an individual, upon the testimony
; which I have read in this case, I have come to the
■ conclusion that the steamboats navigating the Ohio
river have elevated their chimneys to an unneces-
i sary height, for the purpose of destroying this
structure—as I conceive, one of the noblest struc-
. tures m the woild. I v;iU do everything I can,as
a legislator, to nullify, if I may use the expres-
! sion, the decision of the Supreme Court. I have
seen it lately stated in the papers, and I have every
' reason to believe it is true, that on the river
: Thames steamboats are ran without any chim-
i neys whatever—the smoke from the furnace es-
caping under the wheels; the action and motion of
