1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2441
the wheels creating a draft that is superior to that
created by the height of the chimneys. I do hope
that, for the sake of State sovereignty—for the
sake ot'the great travel from the East to the West,
and from the West to the East—this noble struc-
ture will be preserved.
Mr. WELLER. It must have struck every
person who has passed along the Ohio river, that
this is one of the most magnificent works that is
to be found in the whole West. It is one of the
most useful improvements that has been made on
the Ohio river—one of incalculable value, in my
judgment, to that whole region of country. Nor
can there be any doubt that such has been the
feeling produced at the city of Pittsburg against
that structure, that the owners of Pittsburg steam-
boats have increased the height of their smoke-
pipes, in order to produce a necessity for the re-
moval of the bridge. In the month of April last,
I came up the Ohio river, when it was at a very
high stage. There were twelve and a half feet of
water in the channel at Wheeling; and 1 suppose,
from the knowledge I have of that river, I may
safely say there would not be twelve and a half
feet of water in the channel at Wheeling more
than four or five weeks in the year. I passed
under the bridge, at that time, upon one of these
Pittsburg boats, with the largest pipes I had ever
seen before upon any steamer. I said to the cap-
tain of the steamer, who lived at Pittsburg, and
who of course was under the control of that influ-
ence, that the pipes were much higher than I had
ever seen before. He said yes; they had found
it expedient to increase the height of their pipes.
But notwithstanding the height of the pipes—not-
withstanding the fact that there were twelve and a
half feet of water in the channel—we passed
under the bridge, not at its highest point—for I
was inclined to believe at the time that, as there
were two gentlemen on board who would be called
upon to vote on the subject, the captain really de-
sired to give us a practical illustration of the fact
that the bridge was an obstruction, by striking
the pipes of his steamer against it. A little
while before, when my friend from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] was on board a steamer going down the
river, they did manage to strike the pipes against
the bridge; and they supposed, I presume, that
that would be sufficient evidence to satisfy that
Senator that the bridge ought to be removed. But
when we were going up; one of these large steam-
ers failed to strike the bridge, and therefore did
not satisfy us that it should be removed. In w
judgment, that bridge should not be disturbed.^
The Senator from Pennsylvania assumes that
we have no right to disturb the decision of the Su-
preme Court. Now, suppose that a bridge had been
constructed across the Ohio river, with an eleva-
tion of only twenty feet, and the Supreme Court
had decided it was a constitutional bridge, and we,
entertaining the opinion that the Ohio river was a
great national highway, thought the obstruction
should be removed, should we not have the power
to nullify the decision of the Supreme Court—to
change the lav/ and declare that river a navigable
highway' We do not here attempt to resist the
decision of the Supreme Court. Admitting that
they made the decision clearly under the law as it
then existed, yet, entertaining the helief that the
public interests required that the structure should
remain, I say it is perfectly competent for the
National Legislature so to declare.
The species of rivalry which has been gotten
up between Wheeling and Pittsburg, I care nothing
about. I do not sympathize with either party. I
look alone to what 1 consider to be the interest
of that region of country. Not being a citizen of
Ohio I have no personal interest or connection
with'it. But I regard that bridge as a valuable
national improvement, which ought not to be dis-
turbed. If the bridge is too low for the steamboats
to pass under, they can very easily fit up an ap-
paratus for lowering their pipes. Even if that were
so, in my judgment, it would not obstruct the
navigation of the river, at any time, more than
five weeks in the year; and that could be easily
obviated by lowering the chimneys of the boats—
a process which can be easily accomplished by a
delay of not more than five or ten minutes.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, it is true that
the structure of the Wheeling Bridge isasplendid
monument of art and science. It is a beautiful
structure, highly creditable to the skill and genius
of the eminent engineer under whose supervision
it was built; but I apprehend that the precise state
of the question is not exactly considered by the
Senate. It is not, as I understand it, whether
that bridge shall be removed or not, but whether
the bridge shall be changed so as to accord with
the decision of the Supreme Court and leave the
navigation of the river uninterrupted or not.
I have been somewhat acquainted with the prog-
ress of this case, and I know something practi-
cally in regard to the character of this l iver. I do
not think that the bridge company have any rea-
sonable ground of complaint against the city of
Pittsburg. I am bound to say so, because, when
a line was stretched across the river, indicating the
present position of the bridge, the company was
notified—and so it appeared by the evidence—that
an application would be made to a judge of the
Supreme Court for an injunction to restrain the
structure. Notwithstanding this notice, the com-
pany proceeded, and proceeding thus, after warn-
ing, they were not entitled to any extraordinary
sympathy, if it should be found that the structure
does create a nuisance.
This whole case has been very carefully exam-
ined by the Supreme Court, and they have come
to a decision that this bridge, in its present posi-
tion , is a nuisance, and seriously obstructs the nav-
igation of the river. It is a nuisance, because
boats, with their ordinary chimneys, cannot pass
under it at all stages of the water, so as to pre-
serve the navigation of the river uninterrupted.
What you propose to do here is to say to the
navigators of the river, "You shall so arrange
your business as to accommodate yourself to the
bridge," when the Supreme Court has said to the
bridge company, "You shall so arrange your
bridge as to accommodate it to the navigation of
the river." Now, if that is not putting ourselves
directly in collision with the Supreme Court, I am
at a loss to understand how we can accomplish
that object. 1 repeat that the Supreme Court say
to the company, "You shall so arrange your
bridge as to accommodate the navigation of the
river;" and it is now proposed that we shall say
to the navigators of the river, "You shall so ar-
range your business as to accommodate it to the
bridge." The Supreme Court has decided thus:
" ft 11 clearly proved by science, and continued by prac-
tical skill and experience, that the present height of the
packet chimneys is neceesaiy, and that they cannot be re-
duced ill length without serious injuiy to the speed and
power of the vessel.
" It is proved by science, expencnce, and the nature of
things, that the packet chumicys cannot be lowered to pass
the bridge, without imposing heavy expenses upon the
packet, and endangeling tile salety of the vessel, and the
lives ot the passengeis and crew.
"The detoiidants are required to relieve navigation from
obstiuction by elevating the bridge to the height of one hun-
dred and eleven feet above low-water level lor the width of
three hundred feet over the channel."
The present height of the bridge is ninety-two
feet, and the decision of the Supreme Court,
making a kind of compromise between the in-
terests of navigation and the interests of this com-
: pany, is, that they shall raise the bridge to the
height of one hundred and eleven feet; that is,
they shall raise the bridge nineteen feet above its
present level. Nov/, I understand that all ^en-
! gineers concur in the opinion that even Mr. Eliet
himself, under whose supervision the work was
I constructed, thinks that it can be raised at an ex-
I pense of some $40,000 or $50,000. If this can be
] done, is it not obvious that vve go beyond the
| mark if we undertake to set aside the decision of
! the Supreme Court, or require the navigation of
j the river to conform to the interests of the bridge
; company? If we wait for a few months, until
I the matter can be settled by experience, and an
; opportunity be afforded to the company to see
whether they can comply with the decision of the
Supreme Court and raise their bridge, we shall be
' able to act understandmgly.
It happened to me, not long since, to pass down
the Ohio river on my way from this city to my
! home in Cincinnati. When 1 reached Pittsburg,
the water was very high. It was at an extraor-
dinary height, a height to which it does not attain,
I it is true, more than once or twice a year, and
i sometimes not so often. But I was obliged to re-
i main two days at the city of Pittsburg, because
! the boats could not get under this bridge not only
i without lowering their chimneys, but without
| taking off their wheel-houses. A member of the
I other House, I recollect, went in advance of me
| by one day from the city of Harrisburg; and I,
after waiting two days in Pittsburg, took the
railroad round by the lake to reach the city of
Cincinnati, instead of going down the river, and I
found that the gentleman to whom I refer had
gone down in a boat from Pittsburg, but finding
it impossible to get under the bridge, he had re-
turned to Beaver, and from there we went on to
Cincinnati, by the railroad, together.
This bridge is an obstruction to navigation.
What is the very best thing to be done, I do not
pretend to know. I know that some how or other
there must be a compromise between the interests
of the navigators of the river and the great rail-
road interests which are seeking to cross the
stream. But I do not think that at this late period
of the session, and this late hour of the night, the
Senate should undertake to decide hastily upon
this matter, when, by the acknowledgment of the
Senator who proposes the amendment, the whole
thing can be investigated at the next session of
Congress. It is one of those cases in which the
maxim of festina lenle most emphatically applies.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, I should not
be willing to give a vote upon this amendment
without saying a word. It is with very great dif-
fidence that I dissent from the opinions expressed
by the majority of the Committee pn the Judi-
ciary. I should be very reluctant to do so, were
it not that I think I am sustained in the view I
take by the minority of that committee.
It seems to be conceded, that if this amendment
is a reversal of the decision of the Supreme Court,
it cannot be sustained, or ought not to be sustained.
The question is one of very great importance, be-
cause it is applicable to every harbor and to every
river in the Union, and above all, it is applicable
to the Mississippi river, which is, beyond every
other, important to the whole people of the United
States. The Supreme Court have decided,after a
fair examination of the facts, that this bridge is
an unlawful structure; that it is contrary to law,
and a nuisance, because it is violative of the rights
of the whole people of the Union. For, if I mis-
take not, the Ohio is a river which is a publichigh-
way, open to all the people of the United States—
made so by compact—made so by the fact that it
is a navigable river, and as such, an open highway
for all the people of the country. The right to
navigate it is secured by the compacts of the vari-
ous States when they came into the Union. The
Supreme Court has decided that this bridge is an
unlawful structure, because it interferes with these
rights. What is this amendment? It is, "that
'the bridges across the Ohio river, at Wheeling,
' in the State of Virginia, and at Bridgeport, in
' the State of Ohio, abutting on Zane's Island, in
' said river, are hereby declared to be lawful struc-
'tures in their present position and elevation, and
' shall be so held and taken to be, anything in any
< law or laws of the United States to the contrary
' notwithstanding." Does this bill repeal any law ?
I ask the honorable Senator from North Carolina
to toll me what, law of Congress is repealed by
this expre"=ion: " anything m any law or laws of
the United States to the contrary notwithstand-
°Mr. BADGER. If the honorable Senator
i wishes me to answer him, I will say, that no par-
! ticular law of the United States is repealed by it,
but every law of the United States, if there be
' any such law, in virtue of which that bridge is a
! nuisance, is, as far as respects that bridge, re-
1 pealed.
Mr. TOUCEY. That is what I supposed—
' that is to say, every law now existing is law still.
1 It is not repealed. The Supreme Court has de-
■ oided that this bridge was in violation of existing
law, and a nuisance; and now, without revising
the facts, and without repealing this existing law,
you declare that these bridges are lawful struc-
ture^, when the Supreme Court have adjudicated
that they are unlawful. I am unable to compre-
hend in what way the decision of the Supreme
Court could be more directly overthrown,annulled,
| reversed, obliterated, blotted out, than it is by this
amendment, if it became a law. But, without
repealing any law, without enacting any new law,
you here undertake to pass a law that simply re-
: verses the decision of the Supreme Court on that
! precise point, and declares that bridge to be law-
: ful, when the Supreme Court, acting as the Su-
\ preme Judiciary of the Union, has declared it to
!! be unlawful and a nuisance. I think that is a
!' very dangerous power to be exercised by Con-
