1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
666
to provide for ship-cana!s around Niagara Falls, and the
SaultSte. Marie. . .
By Mr. KOBBINS: A petition signed by A. O. Gibson,
and 60 other citizens of tlie county of Philadelphia, asking
Conoreps to grant the application now before that body for
the extension of the patent for Woodwork's planing
chine.
Also, one the same subject, a petition signed by Wm
Fritchctt and 51 other citizens of the county of Philadel-
phia.
Also, on the same subject, a petition signed by G. S.
Williams arid 93 other citizens of the county of Philadel-
phia.
Also, on the same subject, a petition signed by James K.
Martin and 80 other citizens of the county of Philadelphia, j
By Mr. EDGERTON: The memorial of the Board of j
Trade of Toledo county, Ohio, for lights and buoys in the ;
Mauinee Ba\, and for removing obsuuetions to the naviga- J
tion thereof i
Also, of citizens of Leipsic, Putnam county, Ohio, pray- j
mg for the passage of a law for the better observance or the
Cmistian Sabbath, and to prohibit the carrying of the mails ,
on that day. |
By Mi. FULLER, of Maine: The remonstrance of J. P.
Lord and 109 others, citizens of Hancock coumy, Maine, •
against the renewal or further extension of the Woodworth ;
patent planing machine, so called.
Also, the petition of Joseph Allows, and also assistant ,
marshals of the county of Washington, Maine, praying Con- ;
press for additional compensation as assistant marshals of,
United States m taking the Seventh Census. i
Al>o, the remonstrance ot Andrew Iteig and other*, of i
TiUbec, M.une, against repealing the act of March 3, 1848, j
or moditying the Mime. ;
Also, the memorial of William P. Brown and 120 others, .
prating Congress to place certain piers and buoys in the •
cntianee to Naira<ruacu-< harbor. ;
Bv Mi. FiTClT: TSie petition of George Pomcroy, assist- J
ant inaithal ot Marshall county, Indiana, asking additional ;
compensation toi taking the census. |
Also, the remonstianee of J. L. Jarncgan, and other cm- i
/ens of Indiana, against a renewal of a patent to Austin and :
Zebnlon Parker, for alleged improvement in reaction water «
wheels.
By Mr. BELL : The petition of Wilham Mcintosh and i
S. McC'ay. deputy marshals ofGreene county, Ohio, praying 1
additional compensation for taking the census*. ,
By Mr. WELCH: The remonstrance of 39 citizens of
Gaiiia county, Ohio, against the renewal or extension of the j
Woodworth patent. '
Abo, the petition of J. W. Bayard and Leonard Brown,
of Athens, comity, Ohio, for additional compensation as
assistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. DEAN: The petition of Henry W. Basbford,
W. P. Itevi-i ', C. L. Nathens,A. P.Speedhng, ami others,
residents of Westchester county. New York, in favor of
the extension of the Woodworth patent.
Also, The petition of J une-> Allen, Thomas Road, and
other.-, cttizens of the State of New Yoik, in favor of the
exteiiMon of the Woodwonh patent.
By M. KASCALL : Tne petition of Mary Stanton, for
a pension tor wounds leceived by her late husband, fienoial
Plniie:is Stanton, deceased, in the late wai with Great
Britain. . . ,
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition ot Andrew
flcion. Jliehaid Nash, and */5 others, citizens of Ru^h and
Fayette conntie-:, Indiana, juaving that mail and post othce
buwue.-S: he  ti* ponded on the Sibbath day
By Mr. RK'H AttDSON . The petition olGcoigel . debt-
or and 500 other citizens of Illinois for a errant of land to
aid w the eonssti uetion of a j aihoad fiom Builmgton, Iowa,
to -ome convenient point west upon the Mi^oun nvei.
AI«o, tlie netiiion of John King and 187 other citizen* of
Illinois f'.i "a -riant of land to aid in the construction of a
laiho id from Bushngton, Iowa, via Peoria, in Illinois, to
Lata , in Indiana.
The memorial of R. II. Brown
Also, a petition of citizens of Clark county,
Ohio, remonstrating against an extension of the
patent granted to W. W. Woodworth f{£ a plan-
ing machine; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a memorial of William McFarlane, as-
sistant marshal for taking the Seventh Census in
Mahoning county, Ohio, praying additional com-
pensation; whicfi was referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of Gid-
eon Rotchkiss, praying an extension of a patent
granted to him for certain improvements in water-
wheels; which was referred to the Committee on |i
Patents and the Patent Office. ij
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens ,i
of Maine, remonstrating against an extension of|i
, the patent granted to Austin and Zebulon Parker i
j for improvements in water-wheels; which was re- j
1 ferred to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
I Office. |
j • Also, a petition of masters and owners of ves- i
' sels at North Haven, Maine, praying the erection
| ofalight-houseon Heron Neck; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of Charles
A. Lamb, assistant marshal for taking the Census
in Lucas county, Ohio, praying additional com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee
of Claims
Mr. MASON presented the petition of George
Scott, praying a pension for twenty-eight years' I
service in the Navy as officers ' cook: which was .
referred to the Committee on Naval Aftairs. [
Mr. ATCHISON presented the petition of,
Matthew Rippcy, praying that a patent may be
granted
resentf....
according to the plot of survey under the New
Madrid location certificate of said Wheat; which
j was referred to the Committee on Public L^ids,
i! Mi. SHIELDS presented eleven petitions of
citizens of Indiana and Illinois, praying tlie esfah-
;| lishmeut of a mail route from IVLiysville. Illinois,
h to New Harmony, Indiana: which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
:! Roads.
others, of Detroit, Michigan, praying a modifiea-'
tion of the act for the reduction of tae. costs and
expenses of proceedings in admiralty) which, were
referred to the Committee on tlie Judiciary .
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
I citizens of Iowa, praying the establishment of a
t mail route from Mononato Decorah>in that State;
; which was referred to the Committee on the Post
[ Office and Post Roads.
: Also, the petition of John D. Jennings and oth-
f ers, praying that a contract may be made with
| Ambrose W. Thompson for transporting the mails
j from the United States to the western coast of Ire-
j land; which was referred to the Committee on Na-
j val Affairs.
Also, the memorial of Hosea B. Horn and John
J. Selman, praying a grant of land at the junction
of the California and Oregon roads, for the pur-
pose of making a settlement in order to afford re-
lief to emigrants overland; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of Johnson county, Iowa, held at Iowa City, and
of a Railroad convention held at Fairfield, Iowa,
in favor of donations of land to the Dubuque and
Keokuck, and the Davenport and Council Bluffs
railroads; which were ordered to be laid on the
table.
Also, the memorial of the Legislature of Iowa,
for a grant of land from Burlington to Fort Des
Moines, with a branch to Keosauq.ua, in Van Bu-
ren county; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizens
of Carrollton, Ohio, praying that the public lands
may be sold only to actual settlers, and in limited
-- —i   —^—i to the Committee
?d to Conrad Wheat, junior, or his legal rep- 1 j quantities; whudi was referied
ative, for six hundred and forty acres of land j1 on Public Lands.
- ... - T.T.... ,i Also, a petition oi citizens of Henderson county,
j Illinois, praying a ^,'ant of a section of land. to
every citizen of the United States upon becoming
an actual settler; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Kirkland, Ohio;
! a petition of citizens of Worcester, New York:
: and two petitions of citizens of Westford, New
■ I York, praying that the public lands may be grant-
Also, a petition of citizens of Illinois, remon-j. cd, in limited quantities, to actual settlers only:
stratinsc against an extension of the patent granted ji which weie referred to the Committee on Public
to Cyrus H. McCormick for a reaping machine; ;! Land®
which was refejyed to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office. ^
Also, the petition of the hoi re ot the late- Cap- 'j
tain William G. WiHsnms, of the Corps of Topo- i'
giaohical Engineers, for a settlement of Ins tic-,
counts at the Treasury upon equitable and just ,!
principles; which was referred to the Committee ;
of Claims.
Also, the memorial of E. Backus and others, ■ |
officers of theaimy in New Mexico, praymg^that j
the officers and enlisted men stationed in that Ter-
j rilory may be placed on the same.fb^ i.t,
Rrnvit. Samuel M. Hun'ic*, Je^e Wheeler. Mile^D. Kmsr. I pay, with those .stationed in California and^Oi e^on , ,
\V:lh<ii,i ?. Giavep, and John P T-I. llu?#', a-^i^lant nuii-
tin t!«« tiiitncfof Ninth Carolina, praymsr an inereas-c
of >io!!J,)Ljn^atioij 101 taking tlie lute c^ii^us. ,
Also. t!k> niemoi lai of Thomas 1). Rnsebraugh and othor^, .
citizen's of the Statv of NoitS. Ciuohna, praying the estab-
lo'imei't of a mail route from Salem, Noith Carolina, to
Il ui\iilH, Virginia, dinl lor transpnrtnm the mail mcoachi^.
By Mr. MOOjIE, ox roim-\lvaii,.i: Two memorial-from
citizens of Philadelphia, asking for an extension oi the
Woodworth patent.
Bv Mr. DOTY t The petition of Darnel SI. YV hitney, o.
V. i/y\vton, Mdi&hal Ton Vvek, and other mhabitanf< of
(ireon , ioi ati approp.iation loi placing buoys to mark
tiie ciia.n^] at the mouth of the Keen ah aver, at the head
offireen l?av.
-\Ko the ro Miional of tlu  XiOgt-lanire of WtscmiPin, lor
a iant'oi land to aid m the ••onstrui non of a uulroad tiom
ciiicn'jo, via Jo-iesville, to Lake Superior. _ ^
Vbo The ni''inor!.il of tho of Wisconsin, tor
a maifroutp and in-nvekly strvieo from Sheboygan to
fT'nv? W.lV TJLNTOft • The petition ofEgbeit I>. Molt, as-
MtuLt t.'iiHfha! m the State of Indiana, a«king additional
mnibei^niion tor taking the. census.
ANo, 'he memorial ot Zebma llawson,  n Aohle eoui-ty.
liiduiii-i. n-kirif: for a pention
whic!i was referred to tlie Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition ot ne\ys-
oaper*agents m New York and Boston, pmyin^
(N SENATE.
Wednesday, ^larch 3, 1852.
Prayer hy the Chaplain, Rev. C. jM. Butlep..
that the^dutv on foreign newspapeis may be abol-
ished; winch was referred to the Committee on
lAnanee.
Mr. GWiiN presented the petition of Lhoim's
W. Eane, for payment of certain duifts drawn
and accepted by Government agents, lor transport-
ation and subsistence furnished the Indian Com-
mission in California; which r^fe/ml the
Committee on Indian Affairs. _
Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of j. A.-
Vami, an assistant marshal for taking tlie Se\etith
Census in North Carolina, praying additional com-
penstuioii: which was referred !«> the Committee
of Claims!
Mr. JAMES presented a petition ot citizens oi ,
the United States, remonstrating against the for- j
ther extension of "VV. W. Woodwoi th's patent ior (
a planing machine; which was referred to the Com- .
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Also, a petition of cit'zens of Perry county, in- ,
diana, praying the organization of the Territory ,
of Nebraska, and the settlement of the puoiic ;
erein to which the Indian title has been !
from ilifl Missouri river to the Paufit "ce,ln' ; tee "" p^gg ' resented two memorials of mer-
referred to the Commrt.ee on Public , underwriter,, and
Mr. PELCH presented a petition of citixens of
Wisconsin, praying a grant of land to the State
of Michigan for the construction of the Oakland
and Ottawa railroad; which was referred to the
C'linrnitiee on Public Lands.
Mr. SOU LIS presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Louisiana, 111 favor of the eslablishment
of a post office at the village of New Road, m tlie
parish of Point Coupee; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed. . .
Also, resolutions ot the Legislature of Louisiana,
in favor of the establishment of a mail route from
Harrisunburs to Winnsborough. in that State;
which were referred (o the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHKAD presented a petition of ship-
owiiet'i:, merchants, and other citizens of Phila-
delphia, proving that ful ther aid may be extended
to Collins's line of steamships; which was referred
to the Committee 011 Xaval Affairs
Alt.", the memorial of citizens of Pennsylvania,
praying a modification of the bounty land act;
"which "was refeired to the Committee on Public.
, ^"aIsu. a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
pvavin" that the introduction of comicls. felons,
and panners into the United States may be pro-
hibited by law; which was referred to the Com-
. mittee on'the Judiciary- , .
Mr. DA W.SON presented a pet 11 ion ot citizens
, nfBibb county, Georgia, remonstrating: against an
j extension of the patent granted to \V . W. Wood-
worth for a planing machine; which was referred
to the Committee on Patents am! the Patent Office.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ortfere.!, Tlmt tlie petition M,<1 papors of Colonel James
P.. Ciewv. on tiie fil."- tin" Senate, he refeired to tile
Committee on Military Afiairs.
Oil niofion by Mr. CHASE, it was
Or'hi-il, Til l! 11 ' petition awl papers of Oidenn !"R®r;
onlhe fiiU Of ti.e SeLlr, iw referral W the Committee of
Claims-
