1852,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1577
horizontal shells, are not sustained by the official report of
the engineer of tbe expedition, although the works were
built of a stone much softer than any used in sucli works
in the United State?.
" Of one hundred and eighty-seven guns found in the fort,
one hundred and two were not serviceable—twenty-nine
only having been dismounted by the French fire. The
heaviest injury was sustained m the batteries where the ex-
plosion took place—an accident that cannotoecurfromlike
causes in our forts. The works were out of order, the guns
old and neglected, and the garrison inexperienced and igno-
rant of military defenses. No idea of taking the place was
entertained by the admiral in this attack; he designed to
weaken the defenses somewhat—to dispirit and annoy the
garrison, pteparatory to a general assault at night. But tbe
culpable, inconceivable neglect of the Mexicans, rendered
further cffous, on his part, unnecessary. Only sixteen
guns were engaged in the fight, and such was the ineffi-
ciency of their lire, that, although three French frigates
were struck in then hulls about three hundred tunes, tbcy
lost but thirty-three men in killed and wounded. The
Iphigenie was hulled one hundred and sixty times, and yet
but thirteen men were hurt! Very few, therefore, of these
one hundred and sixty balls could have passed through her
sides; and vet, in proportion to the guns engaged, the loss
of the French heie was upwards of four times as many as
that of the English at Trafalgar. Few, if any, of the guns
exposed to the direct action of the French broadside, weie
dismounted ur silenced, ' which continued to fire till the
1 end of the action. Of the twenty-nine guns dismounted,
' five were blown up, and the remainder wcic on the oppo-
• site side of the work, and struck by shot or shells, which
'had passed over the walls facing the ships.' From the
position taken bv the French, only sixteen guns were act-
ually brought to bear against them from the fort.
•' Had the Mexicans thrown their powder into tiie sea,
or carried it to their bar,racks, and every man, making a
pillow of the keg, slept through the whole cannonade, (as
might have been done safely,) in their quarters in the cur-
tain casements, the castle St. Juan d'Ulloa would have, we
doubt not, been as competent to resist the projected assault
as it was vvlieu the French first arrived before it."
I will not read the whole of that account, but I
refer to it to show the importance of guns on bat-
teries over guns which are afloat. The importance
of building a battery of this kind may be judged
of by the forces that may be brought against our
harbor defenses; for, unlessaforce can be brought
against our harbor defenses which we cannot now
resist, no satisfactory argument can be given why
floating batteries should be built; but I must also
inform the Senate that within the last six months
the British Admirahty have given orders to build
no more sailing ships. No more sailing ships are
to be built, and they are now altering their line-of-
battle ships and their larger frigates into screw
propellers, of which they have twenty-nine, giv-
ing to them an auxiliary power of from five to
seven knots. These twenty-nine ships average
each thirty-four guns, and a burden of one thou-
sand six hundred and four tons. Three of these
ships are larger than the United States ship Penn-
sylvania; and one of them carrying one hundred
guns, and being three thousand three hundred
tons burden, could blow our whole steam navy
out of the water. All the machinery of these
screw propellers is below the water-line, and
therefore invulnerable to any but a plunging shot.
Such are the vessels, armed with ten-inch shell
guns, which will be brought against our harbors
in the event of a naval war with either of the great
Powers of Europe.
It is proposed by Mr. Stevens to build a bat-
tery which shall be shot, ball, and bomb-proof
against sixty-four-pound shot; and there will be
no objection to the adoption of the amendment of
the Senator from Virginia, so as to conform its
resistance to any kind of shot which may now be
used by the Navy of the United States. There
can be no difficulty in regard to that, because
Mr. Stevens tells us how the ship is to be built.
To resist sixty-four-pound shot, it is to be built
of boiler plates, riveted together to a certain
thickness, and all that is necessary is to increase
the thickness of the mass in order to increase the
power of resistance.
I will remark, that this opposition seems to come
from the Navy Department. I do not mean by
this that it comes from the Secretary of the Navy.
As that Department is now administered, the Sec-
retary of the Navy is its responsible chief; but tbe
business of the Department is parceled out to
naval officers at the heads of its several bureaus.
When the honorable Senator from Virginia, there-
fore, quotes the adverse opinions of the Depart-
ment upon this measure, it must not be understood
to come from the chief of the Naval Department,
but from the naval officers themselves; and m this
resolution, which we propose, we are willing to
let the opinions of Mr. Stevens stand side by side
with the opinions of any naval officer in our ser-
vice.
As I said before, this proposition comes recom-
mended to us not only by some of the first naval
and military officers of the age, but it comes from
a man who has made the greatest improvements in
ship-building and in the application of steam to
vessels; and in view of the immense importance
of the matter if we should fail, the §240,000 will
be well expended. If we demonstrate by actual
trial that it cannot be done, we shall have proved
that to be impracticable which some of the first
military men of the age have declared to be im-
portant and practicable.
Mr, TOUCEY. I will detain the Senate a very
few moments only. I acknowledge I am some-
what surprised at the apparent opposition, which
exists in this body, to the introduction of steam
power into our system of naval defense. I cannot
bring my mind to believe that there actually is any
such opposition. In this age of the world, at this
late day, after this mighty element has revolution-
ized almost every department of business, has rev-
olutionized the fdceof the world, can there be any
opposition in any quarter to the introduction of it
into the Navy of the United States? I do not be-
lieve that any such opposition really exists. If it
does not, in what way is this element to be intro-
duced' The Government, in the first place, en-
tered into a contract with Robert L. Stevens, to
construct a war-steamer of the character described.
It was recommended by a board of officers of the
Army and of the Navy; by the late Board of Na-
val Commissioners; by theBoard of Commerce of
the city of New York; and it was then authorized
by Congress, and a contract was entered into,
under which a very skillful and distinguished
gentleman, who jnade the contract with the Gov-
ernment—rnot a speculator nora jobber,butaman
of undoubted skill, of the highest skill, and of the
highest reputation of any man in this particular
department—entered upon theundertaking. Short-
ly after he had entered upon it, it was arrested by i
the Secretary of the Navy. I think Mr. Secretary |
Henshaw suspended the payments. Again a new
contract was entered into by the late distinguished
Secretary of the Navy, Mr.*Mason, of Virginia;
and within a short year after he had entered into
that contract, it was suspended again, and it con-
tinued suspended until application for renewal was
made in 1847. And then, in the month of June or
July, 1848, the contract was again renewed by the
same Secretary, after full and deliberate consider-
ation. That contract is in forcenow. "Why shall
it not be carried into execution' It has been sug-
gested here that it was supposed that Mr. Mason
had not authority to enter into it. I should like
to know upon what ground' None is stated.—
none is intimated. 1 cannot take it upon pre-
sumption. That Secretary was among the most
eminent and distinguished lawyers of this country,
and was long upon the judicial bench. I venture
to say that .lie did not, during the recent Adminis-
tration, enter into a contract of this importance, in
behalf of the Government, without full authority
to do it.
This contract, then, was renewed by the Govern-
ment in 1848, giving Mr. Stevens the period of five
years to construct this steamer. Unless some Sena-
tor can point out a c! efect in the authority which was
exercised, what course must the Senate pursue?
Why, sir, the faith of the Government is already
pledged. The question is a past question. We
have gone into the measure; Congress has adopt-
ed the policy, and it has been executed by a con-
tract. 'The" good faith of the Government, J re-
neat, is pledged for the execution of it, and yet it
has been suspended, and it has been referred to
Congress to say whether the Executive shall go
on with >he payments. The time has not yet
arrived when this war steamer was to be deliv-
ered. The contract is in force; and as to any de-
lay that has occuried, it was occasioned^ by the
experiments which he made, by the investigations
entered into by the contractor for the purpose of
accomplishing the undertaking in a manner most
conducive to his own fame and to the object which
Congress had in view. If there were any delay, the
Government has waived it. The late Administra-
tion acted upon it, and extended the period to five
1 years from the summer of 1848. That was done
I upon consideration and deliberation; and it was
j done because the Executive Department believed
i it to be their duty to carry out the contract that
> had been previously made under an act of Con-
I gress. What are we to do? Where is the rem-
edy ? This Government cannot be brought before
a judicial tribunal. The party with whom we
have contracted has no remedy except to appeal
to the sovereign will of Congress; and it is clearly
a question now of good faith on the part of this
Government in carrying out a contract which was
deliberately made upon a most important subject.
Shall that good faith be kept inviolate, or shall
we simply neglect it altogether? There is,. I
think, no subject here for debate, unless it be
whether this Government will observe good faith
in its contracts. Unless that be a question, there
would seem to be no question before the Senate.
But suppose it were an open question in this
particular instance, still the inquiry arises, what
line of policy is it expedient to adopt? The Govern-
menthas entered into an arrangement with Messrs.
Collins & Co. by which, with comparatively little
cost, we are entitled to the steamers of that line
whenever the exigencies of the country shall re-
quire them. We called to our aid the energy,
activity, and power of commercial enterprise. By
the arrangement we incur no expense beyond a
remuneration for transporting the mails until we
take the vessels and pay the appraised value.
It is my conviction, in regard to that line of
steamers, that when the termination of the con-
tract shall have been reached, the Government
will have incurred little or no expense; and yet it
will have those steamers, at command, constructed
after a model directed by the Government. But
when the question of sustaining this line came up,
it was resisted in the Senate. Some here were
not willing to concur in that mode. There was
, an opposition in the Senate to that mode of intro-
ducing the element of steam into the Navy. It
may be well founded. I gave my vote to continue
the contracts, and carry them out, because the
Government had pledged its faith to do so; and,
having embarked in the enterprise, I would go
through with it in the face of the British competi-
tion, over which it had signally triumphed.
But here is an arrangement of a different de-
scription, where the Government has entered into
a contract to construct a vessel that shall be shot
! and bomb-proof, with a responsible individual,
! the most skillful and accomplished man in that
| department in this country; and that is resisted
I and opposed here. There is only one other mode
| of accomplishing the same object, and that is, for
; the Government to construct its own war steam-
ers, to sustain them in commission from year to
year, to rebuild them when necessary, and then
at last, when war comes, to reckon up the cost.
Of all modes of constructing a steam marine for
war purposes, this doubtless is the least econom-
; ical, and would bring the heaviest charge upon
II the Treasury. The cost of them will be immense.
' Be it so, however, if it be necessary for the defense
of the country; because that is an indispensable
consideration, and one that outweighs every con-
sideration of a pecuniary character. But the
Government has not adopted that policy. The
Governments of other nations are introducing this
element into naval warfare, and we are told by
the Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Stockton]
that our coast is now perfectly defenseless against
war steamers. What, then, shall we do ? I speak
i to those who oppose this measure. You will not
call the skill and power of commercial enterprise
to aid you in the construction of war steamers;
you will not enter into a contract with the most
accomplished, experienced, and reliable men to
construct them according to their own judgment,
and of a description specified in this contract, or
perhaps any other contract, and you will not pro-
pose thit the Government embark in the construc-
tion of them by its own officers or agents—a
course undoubtedly the most costly, and perhaps
most extravagant, to which, however, if it be
found necessary, I have no objection.
One point is settled in my mind. This element
of steam must be brought into the Navy of this
country. It is indispensably necessary. There
is not a city upon the coast; there is nota State in
the Union, upon the Atlantic board or upon the
Bay of Mexico, that is not directly interested in
the measure; and we should be behind the age in
which we live, were we not cheerfully and readily
to go forward and avail ourselves of it. T say,
there is no choice. It must be done; it will be
none. There is only a question as to the manner
in which it shall be done. I would refer to the
South. There is an excited feeling in the public
