1-578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
mind, not only in this country, but abroad; and
in case of a war with a European Power, can the
coast be left defenseless? Is it not important to
them—is it not important to every portion of the
country bordering upon the ocean, and upon the
Mexican guif—is it not important to the whole
country that you should have this description of
naval marine, that in a few days could be sent to
any point upon the coast for its security ? Sir, I
dislike to see the vessels of an enemy, riding safely
in our waters, month after month and year after
Fear, in the event of war. Wehave seen it once,
hope we shall never see it again. And how are
you to avoid it? You must adopt this system
which has been adopted by all other countries
having occasion to introduce it. You are now by
the element of steam able to throw upon any one
point one hundred thousand men where but yes-
terday you could throw scarcely ten thousand.
On land we have power enough through this in-
strumentality. What you want, and what you
must have, is the same power upon the water.
For my part, I propose to go on with the con-
tract which the Government has made, until it is
accomplished. If one mode does not meet the
object, I would adopt another. The object is too
important to be permitted to languish, or not to be
accomplished, by differing about the mode. I
would resort to every mode. It is a matter of ex-
periment; and, when you are certain what is the
best mode of doing it, follow out that mode. The
end must be obtained. So that, were this an open
question, I should myself entertain no doubtthat,
•as the object is one that must be accomplished, we
should carry out the mode adopted in this partic-
ular instance, unless an insurmountable objection
can be shown to it. But, having adopted this,
and one other mode, without any proposition to
adopt still a third one, I shall support this resolu-
tion. I go for it, because I approve the object of
it; because I have the highest confidence in the
distinguished gentleman who has undertaken the
task, and whose honor and fame are pledged to
the accomplishment of it; because the object is
indispensable, and the time has come when some-
thing ought to be done, and these delays should
cease; aiid because the faith of the Government is
pledged for it, if the Executive, in pursuance of
the clear provisions of an act of Congress, is ca-
pable of pledging the faith of the Government. I
hope, therefore, that the Senate will pass this joint
resolution. I have confidence in the distinguished
Senator from New Jersey, who reported it, and is
perfectly familiar with the subject; and I take leave
to say that I think Senators will do well to confide
in his judgment. And when this measure comes
here thus supported and recommended, 1 think we
should commit a fatal error—not fatal; I speak too
strongly, perhaps—but a very great error, if, in
violation of the pledged faith of the Government,
we should defeat an enterprise of this high char-
acter. I hope, therefore, that the Senate will not
adjourn without adopting this lesolution.
Mr. DAVIS. Without entering into the obli-
gations of the contract, or the considerations of
that description, there are but two ways in which
the Senate can very well deal with the subject—it
being an experimental contract. If such progress
had been made in the matter as to satisfy the Gov-
ernment that the experiment will be a failure, then
I should be for putting an end to it; but not with-
out a suitable compensation to Mr. Stevens. If
the experiment has not been tried so as to reach a
result which justifies that conclusion; if there is
no good reason why the experiment should be
abandoned, then I think it ought to go on to its
completion. I concur with the honorable gentle-
man who has just taken his seat, that the time has
not only come, but that it has long since been
here, when it is the duty of the Government to
take up and consider the matter of the defense of
the country by the agency of steam. I tlnnk, for
a period of at least thirty years, and I do not
know but longer, a shot and shell-proof floating
battery has been esteemed an object of great im-
portance to this country. There have been many
devices and many schemes to attain this object,
and there have been many inventions in regaid to
it. Without entering particularly into that, it is
manifest to every man of observation that steam
enters necessarily into the defense of this country,
as an important and essential element. The agency
of steam, coupled with that of the telegraphic
wires, will almost necessarily work out an entire
revolution in the defenses of almost every country.
The means of transmitting information, with the
facility of locomotion, must bring about a result
of that description.
My motive for sustaining, in the first place, the
Bremen lme of steamers, as offered here for our
consideration, was not that I wished to put that
line in competition with-the trading merchant; not
that I wished to put it upon the ocean as a com-
pany of trading steamers; but the great and lead-
ing sentiment in my mind was to adopt some
scheme by which the Government and the people
of this country should become more thoroughly
acquainted with the uses of steam and the means of
employing it. I thought then, and I think now,
that we were behind many important commercial
countries in this particular; and being ourselves
one of the largest commercial people upon earth,
and promising soon to be second to none, it seemed
to me that if this principle was important to any j
country, it was to the United States. So it was when
the Collins line came up. I would very gladly
have expressed my sentiments upon that subject
when it was under consideration, but I thought it
had been debated enough, and therefore I fore-
bore to do it. When we voted for that line, and
when I voted for the additional grant to it, I pro-
ceeded upon the principle, that we were acquiring
knowledge which was indispensable to the defense j
and security of this country, both in the use of i
machinery and in the construction of vessels; and |
1 will hazard the opinion, that in the simple point
of naval structure, we obtained enough by that
grant, when by one step we surpassed all countries
in the construction of ships, to compensate us for
all we have paid. Would I drop down a thing
like that, as a thing that was worthless and un-
worthy the consideration of the country? No, sir.
I would go on until the experiment were fairly
tried.
In this matter the same principle governs me.
I see that there may be progress made. I see that
there may be useful results by experimenting; and
I see that the only way in which we can attain
that object is by an experiment. That experiment j
may fail. The money may be lost. It is a con-
tingency by no means improbable. But still, the
end may be attained; and I know of no other mode
of reaching it. I wish attention turned to it. I
wish the active minds of enterprising men to be
brought to it, to consider it, and meditate upon it;
for that is the way to obtain the result which we
are after. As I have seen nothing disclosed in
this matter which leads me to suppose that the
contract has been suspended because of the proba-
ble failure of the scheme of the contractor, I am
disposed to go on, although it will cost some
money to do so. I deem it important to this great
and extensive country that we should have the
bes£ and most efficient means of defending and pro-
tecting both the sea-coast and the lake-coast. Our
security depends upon it. The extent and magni-
tude of our fortifications depend upon it. It is so
closely connected with the defenses of the country,
that we can hardly measure the necessity of forti-
fications, until we discover the extent and practical
use of steam. Under these circumstances, I am
quite willing to vote for the measure which is now
before us. I regret that the main object should
have been frustrated from time to time; still I am
not disposed to cast leproach upon anybody. I
dare say, the gentlemen who suspended the con-
tract, suspended it for reasons which they believed
to be justifiable and imperative upon them at the
time; but surely their opinions, founded upon ideas
of that sort, need not influence us here; and we
are at liberty to proceed and act upon the subject
according to our best judgment and understanding.
I hope the joint resolution will pass.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. If any gentleman can
give me the information, I should like to know
how much money has already been expended in
the prosecution of this contract, and how much
will be required to fulfill it ?
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and the question was stated to
be on ordering it to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
Mr. CHASE. I should be glad to have the
joint resolution lie over. It is a matter of some
importance, and 1 should like to look a little fur-
ther into it. I move that its further consideration
be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. STOCKTON. I hope the Senator will
reconsider that wish. I expect to leave this place
for a short time, and desire to have the question
taken. It has been hanging in the Senate 1 think
for two months.
Mr. CHASE. The joint resolution must ne-
cessarily go over upon its third reading; and as
the Senator from New Jersey desires it to be
ordered to a third reading now, I have no objec-
tion to taking the question upon it. I therefore
withdraw my motion to postpone.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading. It was subse-
quently read a third time and passed.
CRIMES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. BUTLER. I move to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up House bill
entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act for the punishment of crimes in the District of
Columbia,' " which aims mainly at reckless and
criminal incendiaries.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
cee_ded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It declares that whereas it has been
represented that so much of the act of which it is
an amendment as provides a punishment for the
malicious, willful, or fraudulent burning of stores,
barns, or outhouses, not adjoining a dwelling
house, has been construed to apply to the cases
of burning such houses only when they contain
merchandise, tobacco, grain, or hay, whereby
offenders have escaped punishment for burning
buildings in which neither of said articles were
kept; therefore it enacts, that from and after the
passage of the act, if any person or persons shall
maliciously, willfully, or fraudulently set on fire
with intent to burn, or burn any house or out-
house in the District of Columbia, whereby any
other person or persons, or body politic or cor-
porate shall suffer loss or injury, although the
said house or outhouse shall not, at the time of
such setting on fire, be occupied as a dwelling,
store, warehouse, or for any other purpose, he,
she, or they, on conviction thereof, shall be sen-
tenced to suffer the same punishment of labor as
provided in the said third section of the act to
which this is an amendment for the offenses
theiein committed.
Mr. BUTLER. 1 move, as an amendment to
the bill, to strike out the words " set on fire with
' intent to burn, or burn any house, or outhouse in
1 the District of Columbia, whereby any other
'person or persons, or body politic or corporate,
1 shall suffer loss or injury, although the said
' house or outhouse shall not, at the time of such
1 setting on fire, be occupied as a dwelling, store,
' warehouse, or for any other purpose," and in-
sert in place thereof the following:
" And with intent to injure or defraud any other person
or persons, or body politic or corporate, bum, or set on fire
with intent to burn, or attempt to set on fire or burn, any
house or outhouse in the District of Columbia, though the
said hou^e or outhouse shall not, at the tunc of such burn-
ing or sotting on fu\\ or attempting to set on tire or burn,
have any goods tobacco, hay, or giain therein, nor be ad-
joining to any dwelling-house, nor be occupied 01 used lor
any purpose whatever.*'
Perhaps I had better read the clause in the act
which it is proposed to amend, so that it may be
done intelligently. It is that for the punishment
of arson, and is as follows:
"And be it further enacted, That eveiy person duly con-
victed of the crime of maliciously, willfully, or fraudulently
burning any dwelling-house, or any other house, barn, or
stable adjoining thereto, or any store, barn, or out-house
having goods, tobacco, hay, oi gram therein—although the
same shall not be adjoining to any dwelling-house—or of
maliciously and willfully burning any of the public buildings
in the cities, towns, or counties of the District of Columbia
belonging to the United States, or the said cities, towns, or
counties; or any church, meeting-house, or other building
loi public worship belonging to any voluntary society, or
body eotpoiatc ; 01 any college. aciidr*m>, fechool-house, or
library; or any ship or vessel, atlnat or building ; or as being
accessaiy thereto, shall be sentenced to sutler impusonmeat
and labor for a period of not less than one, nor more than
ten years for the first offense, and not less than five nor
j moi'e than twenty years for the second offense."
I propose to amend this clause by the provision
which I have read. It has been very carefully pre-
pared, I believe, by t4ie district attorney for this
District, and I have no doubt that it is necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
A verbal amendment was made, on the motion
of Mr. Butler, by striking: out the word " nei-
ther" and inserting " none."
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendments were concurred in and ordered to
