666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Henry R. Schoolcraft, oil
the fiie* of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of merchants, ship-masters,
and others, of Kennehunk, Maine, praying an appropriation
to complete the stone pier at the entrance of Kennebunk
river, be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. BORLAND, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas J. B. Johnson, on
the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee 011
Private Land Claims.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of the
sureties of Daniel Winslow, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for their relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
tie also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the relief of William Greer, reported
it without amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bill to regu-
late the terms of the district court of the United
States for the district of Iowa, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. BORLAND, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill granting
to the State of Wisconsin the right of way and a
donation of the public land, for the purpose of
locating and constructing a railroad from Fond du
Lac to Janesville, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr, JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Bancroft Woodcock, praying for an
extension of patent for improvement in ploughs,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading. Th^report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
Tobias Purrington, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of cit-
izens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, and the
memorial of the inhabitants of St. Lawrence
county, New York, on the subject of a ship-canal
around the Falls of theSault Ste. Marie, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration
thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Preston Staritt and others, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof;
which was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to which was referred the
petition of Cyrus I-I. McCormick, praying an
extension of his patent, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read and passed to the second
reading.
passengers r& merchant vessels.
Mr. DAVIS. I am directed by the Committee
on Commerce to report a bill to amend an act
entitled "An art to regulate the carriage of pas-
sengers in merchant vessels," approved February
22, 1847; and also, to amend an act entitled "An
act to provide for the ventilation of passenger ves-
sels," approved March 17, 1848.
Mr. I). I will ask the indulgence of the Senate
to take up that bill now.
The bill was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr, DAVIS. It is rather important, if this
bill is passed at all, that it should be passed speed-
ily. I will state the object of it, and the Senate
will see the propriety of the motion to take it up.
The acts relating to passengers, which are re-
ferred to in this bill, and of which this bill is an
amendment, provide for certain penalties in case
of the violation of their provisions, and these pen-
alties are made a lien upon the vessel. The courts i
in New York have fallen into some doubt and dif- i
ficulty in regard to enforcing the provisions of the
last named act by the lien. The object of this act
is simply to provide that the lien shall attach to
the vessels in all cases; and the reason why I wish
it acted upon now, is this: the principal usefulness
of the act is its application to foreign vessels, and
if its application is not immediate, and the for-
eign vessel leaves the port of this country, the
lien becomes of no utility whatever. The bill
which Ijaow propose to the consideration of the
Senate,provides that the lien shall attach immedi-
ately to the vessel, and that the party may relieve
himself from that hen by giving a bond to secure
the execution and the judgment, if one be ren-
dered against him.
The provisions of this bill are all quite necessa-
ry and important, and are placed on as favorable
a foundation for the parties as they can well be.
There is now considerable complaint in New York
that foreign vessels violate these laws, and escape
their penalties because the lien does not attach to
the vessels, thus giving them an opportunity to go
away and escape the penalty.
The bill was then read a second time. It con-
sists of two sections, the first of which provides
that the first section of the act to regulate the car-
riage of passengers on board of merchant vessels,
approved February 22d, and the eighth section of
the act of March 17, 1848, be so amended as to
provide that when any master of a vessel shall
violate the provisions of these sections by taking
on board their vessels a greater number of passen-
gers than the proportion specified in said section
admit, the master of such vessel shall pay the sum
of $50 for each passenger so taken; the penalty to
be recovered and distributed in like manner as is
provided by the act to regulate the duties 011 ton-
nage; and that every such master violating the sec-
tions as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor: and, upon conviction, may be impris-
oned for any period not exceeding one year.
The second section provides that the penalties
thus imposed shall be liens upon such vessels, and
they may be libeled in the district courts of the
United States held in the several States where such
vessels may arrive; but that such vessel may be
discharged from such lien by security being given
for the payment of any judgment thus obtained.
Th&e beingno amendment, the bill was reported
to the Senate, and was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading. J
notices of bills.
Mr. GrWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the payment
by the Surveyor General of Californiafor tnesur-
veys which may be executed of any claims which
have been or may be presented to the Board of
Land Commissioners for adjudication under the
act of Congress approved 3d March, 1851, "to
ascertain and settle the private land claims in the
State of California."
Mr. MORTON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of
way to "the Pensacola and Navy-Yard Plank
Road Company" through the public lands.
bills introduced.
Mr. SEWARD, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of James McGregor; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
He also, agreeably to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide
for the safety and the health of emigrant passen-
gers in merchant vessels; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ATCHISON, (on behalf of Mr. Bright,)
agreeably to previous notice, asked and obtained
leave to bring in a bill explanatory of an act enti-
tled " An act in addition to an act therein men-
tioned," passed May 9, 1851; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
superintendent of indian affairs.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
■ ment of the House of Representatives to the bill to
provide for the appointment of a Superintendent of
Indian Affairs in California, and it concurred
therein.
From explanations made by Senators, it ap-
peared that the amendment consisted of the reduc-
tion of the salary from $5,000 to $4,000. Subse-
quently the bill was received from the House,
with the signature of the Speaker, and it was
signed by the President of the Senate.
charles g. hunter.
The following resolution, which was submitted
by Mr. Clemens on the 24th ultimo, was, on his
motion, taken up and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot refunding to
Chnrlee G. Hunter the amount of losses sustained by him
while commanding the steamer " Scourge" and the
schooner " Taney," for supplies, for which the proper
vouchers were not taken.
^ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. BADGER and Mr. HUNTER expressed
the hope that th-e Senate would take up the bill
making land warrants assignable, 111 order that
the amendment from the House of Representatives
might be disposed of.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope that bill will not
now be taken up. There are serious objections
in my mind to its being taken up. In the first
place, the Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pratt]
desires to speak upon the bill, as it has been
amended by the House of Representatives, and
he is not here. In the second place, I have ob-
jections to it, because if we are to have a grant of
land given to us to make a railroad in Iowa, we
do not want the land located by land-warrant
speculators. We desire that these lands shall be
| held back for that purpose, otherwise the grant
will avail but little; but if these warrants are as-
signed, the assignees will immediately locatethem
on the intended route. I trust that, for that rea-
son, also, this bill will not now be taken up.
Sir, there is still another reason which I would
urge. My colleague [Mr. Dodge] is prepared to
proceed with his remarks on the Iowa land bill,
on which he has the floor. The consideration of
that bill is the unfinished business, and I trust it
will not be laid aside for this or any other meas-
ure.
Mr. BADGER. The reasons assigned by the
Senator from Iowa, show the manifest propriety
of taking up this bill. If I understand him, he is
opposed to this bill altogether.
Mr JONES. I did not say so, nor did I mean
to be so understood.
Mr. BADGER. Then what possible influence
can it have upon the particular bill of which he
has charge, whether this bill is taken up and dis-
posed of this week or next? Sir, it is almost un-
exampled, that a bill, which has come from the
House of Representatives with an amendment,
and been referred to a committee, and been re-
ported back by that committee, should be allowed
by the Senate to lie over so long, without its action
either in concurring in the amendment of the
House, or in rejecting it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator from North Carolina; but I hope
my colleague will give way, and permit this bill to
be taken up.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. This bill has been returned
from theHouse ofRepresentatives with an amend-
ment. This amendment was referred to the Sen-
ate committee, and that committee have reported
it back, recommendingthat the amendment be not
concurred in.
Mr. BADGER. I have no objection to any
particular form of taking the question; but I am so
anxious to get rid of the matter that I will move
that the Senate concur in the amendment of the
House.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on agree-
ing or disagreeing with the amendment. If the
Senate determine not to agree to the amendment,
then the bill goes back to the House.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I ask for the reading of
the House amendment.
The amendment was accordingly read. It pro-
posed to strike out all after the first section of the
bill, and insert a provision that warrants, which
have been, or may hereafter be, issued in pursuance
of the act of 1850, may be located upon any lands
of the United States, subject to private entry at the
time of such location, at the minimum price; pro-
vided, that when said warrants shall be located
upon lands which are subject to entry at a greater
minimum than $1 25 per acre, the locator of the
land warrants shall pay to the United States in
cash the difference between the value of such war-
rants at 25 per acre, and the tract of land lo-
cated on.
Mr. WALKER. I believe that the Committee
on Public Lands recommend that the Senate dis-
agree with the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The PRESIDENT. That is the recommenda-
tion of the committee.
Mr. BADGER. Out of deference to the com-
