1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
be engrossed, and the bill was ordered to a third
reading.
IMPROVEMENT IN LIGHT-HOUSES.
On the motion of Mr. SEWARD, the. Senate
proceeded to the consideration of the following
resolution, which was submitted by him on the
12th ultimo:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
^ quested to transmit to the Senate a communication from J.
- W. P. Lewis, under date of tlie 7th of May, or thereabout,
with the accompanying document?, relating to the subject
of the improvement of light-houses.
Mr. SEWARD, in answer to inquiries from Mr.
Dawson and Mr. Weller, said: We have the
whole subject of light-houses before the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and these papers are wanted by
that committee.
Mr. HAMLIN. The whole matter relating to
light-houses is before the Committee on Com-
merce. It is advisable and necessary that the sub-
jects contained in the communication referred to
'in the resolution, should be obtained by the Sen-
ate, and be referred to that committee. I hope the
resolution will be adopted.
Mr. WELLER. I believe there has been a re-
port made by the light-house board on this sub-
ject. It has been presented to Congress, and
printed. I should like to know somethimg about
the character of this communication before I vote
to send for it. I should presume that the Com-
mittee on Commerce have all the information ne-
cessary to enable them to act in regard to our
light-house system in the report to which I have
alluded.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say a word in reply
to the objection of my friend from California.
Mr. WELLER. I was not objecting to the
resolution; but before I vote for it, I wish to know
something of the information which is to be brought
out by its adoption.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is very true that under the
Erevisions of a law passed a year ago, a light-
ouse board was instituted, and that board has
made a very full and voluminous report. As one
member of the Committee on Commerce, I am
prepared to say that there are many of its sug-
gestions which meet my approbation. But be-
cause the light-bouse board have reported upon
this subject, I do not think we are bound to follow
them blindly, without listening to any suggestions
that may come from other quarters. This Mr.
Lewis is a man who has long been engaged in the
construction of light-houses, and in connection
with them one way or another. I hardly think it
is either just or proper to adopt the principle, that
because we have had a report from the light-house
board, we are not to listen to suggestions from
others. I would have all the information upon
the subject laid before the committee, that they
may form their opinions with the aid of all the
lights that may be shed from all quarters.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to know upon
what particular point the report bears ?
Mr. SEWARD. All I can say upon that sub-
ject is, that various communications were pre-
sented to the light-house board, containing the
views of different parties—the views of persons
who entertain different opinions on the subject of
organizing our light-house system. This commu-
nication was presented among the rest. The re-
port which the light-house board have sent to us,
embraces what that board thought proper to adopt
with the materials to support their own report and
other views which they resolved to accept. The
views of Mr. Lewis were not submitted to us by
the light-house board. We want to see what they
are, for the purpose of judging fully of their
merits. This was the whole object of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and this was my object in
offering the resolution.
Mr."WELLER. Is the Senator able to inform
me upon what point in regard to the construction
of light-houses, the report of Mr. Lewis, which it
is desired to obtain, differs from the views adopted
by the board ?
Mr. SEWARD. We do not know, and there-
fore we want to see what it is.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Saturday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 15, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Botler.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the motion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Meade] to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered on the bill reported by the
gentleman from New York, IMr. Bennett,] grant-
ing land to the several States for educational and
railroad purposes.
RECESS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a privi-
leged question. I move that, when the House ad-
journs, it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it in order to move to
amend that motion ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
amendable.
Mr. ROBBINS. I desired to amend it so as to
provide that, when we adjourn to-day, we adjourn
to meet to-morrow, and then adjourn over until
Saturday.
The SPEAKER. That would be in order if
this should fail, as an independent motion.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. That motion
is not m order, for the simple reason that it pro-
vides that, when this House adjourns, it adjourn
to meet to-morrow, and that is the standing order
of the XIMuse. The resolution cannot be amended
in that way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already deci-
ded that the amendment was not in order.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 would not willingly
throw anything in the way, if it is the desire of
the House to adjourn. But I would suggest that
we might, in the next three days, by a special or-
der, devote the time of the House to receiving- re-
ports from committees, without interfering with
the object of any gentleman who desires to go to
Baltimore. Our desks are crowded to overflow-
ing with these reports, and if the House would
make this order, it would afford us an opportunity
to present them, and lp.ve them referred and
printed.
Mr. VENABLE. I will remark, that if we
were to make this order, the moment we are to di- j
vide the House—as no doubt some gentleman
would call for a division—and there was found to
be no quorum present, we should have great con-
fusion, and be compelled to adjourn. I think,
therefore, we had better adjourn till Friday.
Mr. RICHARDSON. We had a very fair
show of opposition when the House voted to ad-
journ for the other convention. Now, let us have
a fair vote on the other side.
The question was then taken upon the adoption
of the resolution, and it was carried in the affirm-
ative.
So it was ordered that when the House adjourns
to-day it adjourn to meet on Friday next.
PRE-EMPTION TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is a bill lying
upon the Speaker's table, a bill granting preemp-
tion rights to actual settlers upon lands on the line
of the Central Railroad and its branches in the State
of Illinors. 1 am sure no gentleman can have any
objection to it. If it is not passed within a few
days it will be of no use to the settlers. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take it up and
pass it, if we can pass it, and if not, to let it be de-
feated.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I have no ob-
jection to the request of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. But I ask him first to let me make an ap-
peal to the House to give unanimous consent to
a motion to allow the bill which is now the spe-
cial order to be postponed until next Tuesday. I
ask it because the House is thin this morning,
and many more expect to leave this morning for
Baltimore. I ask that by unanimous consent it
be permitted to lie over until Tuesday next.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I now ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up the bill to
which I have alluded, granting preemption rights
to actual settlers upon the Illinois Central Rail-
road.
There was no objection, and the bill was accord-
ingly taken up and read through by the Clerk.
Mr. MEADE. I move that that bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
because the previous question has been demanded.
Mr. MEADE. I have not heard awordofthat
bill, and I protest against its being put upon its
passage in this manner.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I did riot call for the
previous question upon it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanlt] demanded the previous,
question upon it.
Mr. HALL. I hope the gentleman from North
Carolina will withdraw that demand in order to
enable me to say a very few words upon it, and I
will then renew it.
Mr. STANLY. I will withdraw it. I was not
aware that I had demanded it.
The SPEAKER. The record so shows.
Mr. HALL. 1 only wish to offer a few words
upon the subject of this bill. When the bill was
passed granting lands to the State of Mississippi,
Alabama, and Illinois, for the purpose of aiding
those States in the construction of certain rail-
roads 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will suspend
for a moment until the matter of the demand for
the previous question can be settled. The gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] as will
be seen by the Journal, demanded the previous
question, but withdrew the demand. The gentle-
man from Mississippi [Mr. Freeman] then re-
newed it, and no quorum voting, the House then
adjourned. That gentleman, however, is not now
in his seat, and perhaps the House will indulge
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Hall] in his
explanation.
[Cries of" Agreed!"]
Mr. HALL. I will state, that when the bill
was passed, as I have before mentioned, persons
were living upon certain sections of the land affected
by that bill; that is, the part of the lands granted
to the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and Illinois.
The part reserved to the United States also had
settlers upon it. The State of Illinois, in order to
secure the right of those settlers upon the lands
granted to her, and who were not entitled to a pre-
emption right under the act of 1841, but who,
nevertheless, had made settlements upon the land,
passed an act precisely similar to the one now be-
fore the House for its consideration, by which it
was provided that those settlers might have a pre-
emption right to the lands upon which they had
settled and made improvements, at $3 50 per acre,
provided they made their payments within twelve
months; and provided further, that if they did not
make their payments within that time, that the
land would be subject to entry by any other in-
dividual.
The Committee on Public Lands proposes pre-
cisely the same regulations with regard to tSe
United States lands, reserved by the act I have
mentioned, which the State of Illinois has adopted
in regard to her lands. Those provisions are, that
these men, who were living upon this land at the
time the Illinois land bill passed, but who were not
entitled to preemption undertheact of 1841, might
still have a preemption right to the land to the
extent of a quarter section, upon paying the Gov-
ernment $2 50 per acre, and if not paid within
twelve months, then the land to be subject to entry
by any other person.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to in-
quire of the chairman of the Committee on Public
Lands, whether this bill applies to any other per-
sons than those who were settlers upon the land
adjacent to the road, at the time when the bill
passed ?
Mr. HALL. It does not. The bill expressly
confines its provisions to those persons who were
living upon, or had made improvements upon these
lands, at the time of the passage of the Illinois
land bill.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I can see no objection to the
bill if that is the case.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question then being on ordering the bill to
a third reading, it was put, and agreed to; and the
bill was read the third time and passed.
TERRITORIAL BILI.Sl
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, there are
several bills now lying upon your table, which
have been reported from the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. There are none
of them, I believe, that will lead to any discussion
whatever. I ask the unanimous consent of the
