668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
to obtain that object which I consider of so much ward and prove then- preemption right. They
importance to these individuals. lj would be permitted by our bill to pay tor the land
What is the objection to it? It is said that many . with a land warrant. But the House strikes out
and valuable provisions which were inserted hi that provision, and for what? To throw open all
the bill which passed the Senate, have been struck the land subject to private entry to the land war-
out bv the House of Representatives. 1 know !| rant speculators. But at the time the preemptor
very well that provisions have been struck out of ;; wants to pay for his preetnption, it is not open to
which I most heartily and cordially approve; and ' sale, and therefore it strikes down his privilege
among others, those which were referred to by the jj just at the only instant at which he could avail
Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] I am quite ij himself of it. So it will be seen that this bill would
willing that the officers to whom he referred should <j seem to have been framed, if not with the express
have a suitable compensation for their services; :: design, yet with the inevitable tendency to benefit
but 1 put it to my fiiend as a man of honor, and the speculators and not the settlers. The result
as a man who loves to extend justice to all who Ij would be just this. It will be seen that as the new
are entitled to it, whether it is right to endanger ;i tracts of country become subject to private entry,
the rights of the individuals to whom I have re- j' when new Indian purchases are made and new
ferred, in order to compel the House of Represent-1; surveys take place and the lands become subject
atives to do justice to another set of individuals?;; to private entry, these land warrants will be im-
1 think it is a principle which the honorable Sen- : mensely valuable. It will be the policy of the
ator will not, upon reflection, attempt to enforce. ' speculators in Wall street to hoard up the war-
He withholds a measure of justice which is emi- \ rants, in anticipation of the new lands coming into
nently required and demanded by the individuals !' market. There they will beheld. They will not
for whom the provision is made, and he withholds 1 go to the old refuse lands, but will wait till the new
it to obtain another object which he has in view. : purchases and the new surveys are made, and then
I think that course cannot be justified. While I j locate their warrants in the best part of the coun-
approve the provisions to which the honorable ,
Senator has referred with regard to the land ofii- j
res, and desire that they should he adopted, I also 1
desire that certain other provisions contained in |
that bill, which were struck out by the House,
should become a law; and I understand that the '
try, in the meantime, the settler not being per-
mitted to locate any of them. Sir, it is one of the
most ingenious things in its operation, if not in its
design, for aiding the speculator, that has ever
come befo% the Senate.
Mr. SHIELDS. In addition to what has been
House of Representatives have the subject now >; said by my friend from Wisconsin, I will say,
before them in an independent bill, having sepa- j| and I will confine myself to one point, that these
rated it from this, because there were matters of Jt assignees, who have now a great advantage in
controversy contained in the provisions which they
struck out. They have now introduced them in
a separate bill, as I understand, and propose to
act upon it whenever they have time and an op-
nortuniiy to do it. They have separated the sub-
jects so as to give dispatch to business, and m my
opinion, it was just and proper to do so if there i
was a controversy that was likely to create delay 1
m the passage of this bill. I
The honoiableSenatori'rom Virginia [Mr. Htn- :
ti;r] says, there is an additional clause in the '
amendment of the House, by which the privilege j
of location is extended to other lands than those j
whhh were indicated by the original bill, to any j
lands which are surveyed and brought into market, •
not only those which are sold at the minimum '
price, but those brought in at a larger price. 1 I
see no injustice in that, no objectionable principle !
or feature in it. If you intend to give to the old !
soldiers of the war of 1812 a douceur which shall |
be acceptable to them, why not give it to them in
the form which is usual; why not give them an
opportunity to locate upon any lands which are
in market, not only those which ore in the market
at the day the bill pa.^ea, but those which shall be
brought in hereafter' What objection can there
he to that' So far a.s 1 am concerned, the lull is
very acceptable to nie as it is.
The Senator says the revenue will be unpaired
by the operation of this amendment. It may be
so; luu even if it is so-, I do not think that it is any
objection to it. I can see no impropriety in it
getting warrants at a large discount, will be able
to enter these warrants without giving any com-
pensation to the officer.
Now, sir, the bill, as it originally passed the
Senate, establishes this principle: that the assignee,
when he makes an entry, shall pay exactly the
same amount as if the entry was made for cash.
It is not to be paid out of the Treasury, but by
the assignee or owner who makes the entry.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts says
: that he wishes that question to come up for con-
sideration by itself, in a separate bill. Such a
proposition has been before the Senate for three or
four sessions, and has failed; and the only hope
which we have of passing it is, to connect it with
this bill. It ought to have been passed with the
original bill. Sir, when this bill becomes a law,
all the lands throughout the country will be en-
' tered with these warrants, and not taken up for
! cash. No man will enter land with cash when he
i can procure warrants at a less price which will
i answer the same purpose. And how are these
| land officers to live ^ They get no percentage,
i You hav§ changed the currency, so far as the pub-
lic lands are concerned, from cash to these land
■< warrants,'and you do not provide the same com-
j pensation which you gave to your officers when
h the entries were made with cash. This has been
j an oversight from the commencement. When we
:: commenced this species of legislation we ought,
with something like provident foresight, to have
_ ! made provision for these men. We neglected
Hut I do not understand how the revenue is to be them, and we shall only be augmenting that ne-
impaired by it. They can toke up the land as- ]| gleet if we pass this amendment! As the bill was
originally framed, it compelled the assignees of
these land warrants to pay the same fui making
impaired by it. Tiiey can toke up
signed by the wari'jnts, and no more. Of what
'consequence is it in what part of the country they
take it, or whether they take it from land in the i
market at the time the bill is passed, or from that i
which aha!! come info the market afterwards. 1 i
hope all the friends of the old soldiers, provided for
by those bills, will vote to agree to the amendment 1
of the House, and let the bill become a law.
Mr. WALKER. 1 think theamendmeutof the
House of Representatives is about all that is ne-
cessary to make this preeminently a scheme for
speculation. I thought it wus b.td enough when
the bill passed the Senate, hut it is wonderfully
improved by the House of Representatives. As
thf^hill passed the Seriate, the preemptor, the man
entitled to a preemption right, had the privilege of
purchasing the land to winch he bnd the preemp- ,
tion, with these land warrants. But tis it comes j
uick from the House of Representatives, he is cut j
ofr irom that privilege, while the new surveys and i
new purchases are thrown completely open to him j
who holds the land warrants, for speculation. This j
the way it operates. Between the time of the 1
proclamation of the President for the public sales j
<'t ihf I.mris, ond t.'ie tune of the .sales, the s^ltlei s i
on the lands preempted will be unable to come for- \
an entry as they would have done if they had en-
tered their land with cash. If you pass this bill
ns it is now, you enable parties to speculate with
these warrants, and to make an entry without
paying anything. You compel your officers to
work for the speculator, without giving them a
single cent for the performance of their labor.
And it the Government appoint officers, and then
starve them while in office—and I know they nre
doing it throughout the country—wdl Senators
telf me that it aha1! be continued:
Mr. HUNTER. A single woid of explanation
in relation to the difference between the law as it
would stand without the amendment of the House
and the Hou«e amendment. Here is the proviso
to which I referred in the civil and diplomatic bill
of 1?51:
"Provirfetl. That no Jam] bountj for rmhinrv scrvces
{.named under the act of 28fh of September, 18.10, entitled
1 An act planting bounty lam> to certain ofFiot.'i<- and sol-
diers who have been encased in the milit-w service of the
United Static?,5 or by virtue of any oth^r act of Cowrre&s-,
heretofore pa^eri'rgrantinj,' Iain] bounties for military ser-
vices, shall be satisfied out of anv public land not hereto-
fore brought into market, and now suh<* ct io cntrr at pri-
vate sale "under existing laws."
So that if the amendment which the House of
Representatives have sent to us be not adopted,
the locators of bounty lands can only locate them
on lands subject to private entry at tfie time of the
passage of this proviso. If we adopt the amend-
ment of the House, bounty lands may be located
on any lands which mayi>e hereafter broughtinto
market. I have heard, as the Senator from Wis-
consin has suggested, that a large amount of these
land warrants are being held back in the hands of
companies and individuals. If we adopt the
amendment of the House, we may all see to what
it would lead. If the bounty land bill is to re-
quire, for the satisfaction of land warrants, as
large a number of acres as has been computed,
this amendment of the House, if passed into a
law, would lead to this result—that we should get
nothing into the public Treasury from the public
lands for years to come. I think, therefore, that
it would be safer (for I do not wish to consume
time upon this question) to adopt the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Public Lands,
and disagree to the amendment of the House.
They doubtless will insist, and we shall have a
committee of conference, who will regulate this
matter and present us some proposition on which
we can vote. Without further loss of time, I
hope it will be the pleasure of the Senate to disa-
gree with the amendments of the House, and then
we may have a committee of conference.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 desire simply to call the
attention of the Senate to this one point; The act
of 1850 was passed for the purpose of giving land
to various individuals who were considered equally
meritorious with those to whom lands were given
for service in Mexico. We neglected at that time
(for it seems to have been an oversight in our
legislation) to put them upon the same footing, by
making their land warrants assignable, as those to
whom land warrants were granted for service in
Mexico. The object of the bill now before the
; Senate is to put those to whom we gave bounty
' lands in 1850, on an equality in all respects, as far
1 as possible, with those to whom we gave bounty
; land for service in Mexico. The bill, as passed
! by the Senate and sent to the House, accomplished
! that object. The amendment of the House changes
■ that feature of the bill, and makes a diserimina-
1 tion against those who have heretofore received
I land bounties for services in Mexico and else-
, where, and who have located them, and gives
greater advantages and confers greater value on
: such warrants issued under .the act of September
; 28th, 1850, as have not yet been located. It
I opens a much wider field and much better land
for the location of these warrants. For one, I pro-
test against making the discrimination against giv -
! ing this increased compensation to persons who
may now hold land warrants m their hands who
may have purchased them for speculation, or who
may hereafter do so. It is discriminating against
those for whose benefit the law was originally
passed.
Mr. GEYER. If I understand the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, he is of opinion that
j the provisions of this bill stricken out by the House
ought to pass at some time and in some form; but
: he desires that we shall concur in the amendment,
• under the expectation that the House will at some
time pass a bill that will cover all those provisions.
To my mind it appears better, while we are upon
the subject of these land warrant*', to pass all the
provisions thnt can pass both Houses, and to m-
. corporate them in one hill. If we disagree to the
amendment of the House, there will, in ail proba-
bility, be :i committee of conference, and we shall
then asceitain what can be done upon the whole
subject of military bounty Iciud^, and do all that
, we can do in a single bill. *
There arc some objections, which have not been
mentioned by honorable Senators, to the amend-
ment made bv the House to the first section of the
bill. 1 suggested the other day the propriety of
making an additional provision m the bills grant-
ing land to the States to aid in the construction of
railroads, requiring that the reserved lands should
be put up at public sale. 1 stated then my reasons
■for that opinion. I believe that most of those
! lands will sell for a greatly augmented price beyond
' the minimum (iyed by the bills. When those
, lulls, if any of them, shall pass, provision can be
made by which the lands reserved shall be exposed
to pubii'' sale, and by which entries shall not he
made until ditei the lands shall have been so ex-
