l8o'2.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
663
posed to sale. I think it is good policy, and that
the interests of the Treasury require that the re-
served lands should not be subject to entry until
they shall have been offered at public sale.
Mr. CASS. I agree fully with the honorable
Senator from Missouri. The propriety of what
he has suggested struck me so strongly, that 1 had
the design of proposing the very subject he has
now suggested; and I trust it will be proposed in
some of the bills before us. I hope it will be pro-
vided that none of the reserved sections shall be
sold but at public sale. The honorable Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Dawson,] in his speech day
before yesterday, estimated the value of the lands
given to the State of Illinois, which have finally
gone to a company for the construction of a rail-
road, at |10 per acre. The reserved sections, of
course, would bring the same price as the granted
sections. The way to get at the full value, then,
would be to offer the reserved lands at public sale.
That would show whether or not there was an in
justice to the registers and receivers will be done,
if we agree to the amendment of the House of
Representatives; if we agree to permit this bill to
: pass now, as,amended by the House, we lose all
hope of doing justice to these men; because I am
confident the House of Representatives will not
order, the bill granting lands to the State of Mis-
souri, to aid in the construction-of certain^railroads
therein, and that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Bennett] was entitled to the floor.
canal around the palls of.the ohio.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the unanimous consent
pass a bill to give them their usual compensation, j ofthe House to present certain resolutions passed
j if presented by itself. I hope, therefore, that the ( thg Legisjatui-e of Ohio. They will not occupy
amendment of theHouse will not be concurred in.
Mr. G-EYER. I desire to correct a misappre-
hension which seems to be entertained by the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, with reference to
the remarks which I submitted. I do so because it
is possible that other Senators also may have mis-
understood me. I do not propose to propose an
amendment to this bill now, but to submit amend-
ments to the bills providing for grants of land,to
aid in the cons! ruction of railroads. Ah the re-
served sections of those lands are not now subject
to entry at, all. When those bills shall come up,
I wish to have an amendment made to offer the
creased value given to the lands. If there is, it is reserved sections at public sale. I think it is a
just as proper for the Government to enter into j| provision that should be inserted 111 all bills grant-
competition, as for a State to do so. So it was in || mg lands in aid of the construction of railroads;
the commencement; and I think the suggestion of and 1 have prepared an amendment to one of the
uiv honorable friend from Missouri is the precise d bills of that sort under the consideration of the
j i i t I .Qanotfi with tho vipur tn hrifhp n 11 psfinn before
suggestion that should he made. I would insert,
in every one of these bills, provisions that the
reserved lands should not be offered, except at
public sale. Then the United States would get a
fair price for the reserved lands. You ought not
to allow any locator, or any one else, to take pos-
session before the land has been offered for sale.
You would then keep the advantage of it to your-
selves.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. However desirable it
may be to make such a provision, 1 doubt the
policy of introducing it into this bill; and if it
should be introduced, it can, perhaps, onlybe done
after the appointment of a committee of confei-
ence by the two Houses. My object m rising is,
to say that the Committee on Public Lands, who
investigated this subject, came to the conclusion
that unless some provision was made for the pay- ;j pace
Senate, with the view to bring the question before
Senators.
Mr. FELCH. 1 was not in my seat when this
j discussion commenced. 1 have in my hand a
j letter from the Commissioner of the General Land
| Office on one point pertaining to this amendment,
I and if desired, 1 will read it to the Senate. The
[ House of Representatives, by their amendment,
! have not only stricken out portions of the bill
i which I think ought to be retained, but they have
! added a proviso about which the Commissioner of
the General Land Office has made a communica-
tion to the Committee on Public Lands, That
proviso is:
That the w.iriant  which have btjen, or may hereafter
be. is*ued in pursuance of said act, or of tin- act, mny be
located upon any lands of the United States, subject to pii-
vate entry at the time of Mich location, at the minimum
ment of the registers and receivers of the various
land offices, as suggested by my friend from Illinois,
in this bill, perhaps it would be impossible to get a
separate bill through during the present session;
and when you tire doubling the labors of these
men, the question is, will you allow them some
compensation for it r Ey bringing these lands into
market by the land warrant system, you are ab-
stracting the commission which these officers
would receive upon the lands sold for cash. The
proposition to compensate them is so reasonable
t0 me—although 3 do not feel the sympathy which ;
gentlemen representing the land States do upon i
the subject—that I cannot fail to say that I must |
imitate the conduct of the Senator from Virginia, 1
and insist upon the bill as we sent it to theHouse, j
and reject the amendments of the House. I hope, j
therefore, that, without consuming further time, '
Now this, as has been justly remarked, throws
open for location the reserved lands along the line
of railroad in Illinois, and some other States,
| which could not otherwise betaken up by land war-
i ranis. Some objections to that point of the sub-
1 ject have already been stated. Another objection
! which has suggested itself to my mind is this:
1 Under the present law granting bounty lands, the
i beneficial-v is requii ed to take his lttnds all in one
: body. The holder of a hundred and sixty acre
i land warrant must take his one bundled and sixty ;
' acres all in one body. This proviso, however, if j
■ adopted, will repeal that provision, and will enable [
a party holding a warrant for one hundred and j
sixty acres to take it in forty acre lots. The effect j
of this always is to withhold from sale for a long |
time these forty acre lots. It virtually divides up |
the public territory. By having such small par- j
eels, no man will purchase them for a farm—no j
( much time. I only desire to have them referred
| to the appropriate committee and printed.
' There being no objection,
Mr. DISNEY presented the joint resolutions of
■ the Legislature of Ohio, relative to the construc-
| tion of a canal on the Indiana side of the Falls of
the Ohio liver, which having been read,
Mr. D. then moved that they be printed and
j referred to the Committee on R.oads and Canals.
i Mr. MASON. 1 do not see any necessity for
! the priming of those resolutions. The subject
| has undergone investigation before the Committee
| on Roads and Canals, and a bill has been ordered
' to be reported, which the chairman of the com-
I nuttee will report at the first convenient opportu-
■ nity. It would be incurring unnecessary expense
j to print these resolutions. A number of resolu-
! tions of the same kind, containing the same views
1 —1 was going to say, the same erroneous sugges-
tions—have been before the committee, and t can
ii see no reason for printing these.
j! Mr. DISNEY. I am rather surprised at^the
i | objection offered by the gentleman from Ken-
ij tucky; for it has been the universal usage of this
!l House, out of courtesy and respect to the Legis-
i! latures of the different States, to print all docu-
j ments emanating from them, and presented for our
i! consideration.
,l Mr. MASON. If that has been the usagf, I
'i will withdraw my objection.
! j The question wns then taken on Mr. diskey's
j motion, and it was agreed to.
ii publication of the census returns,
j! Mr. HASCALL, by unanimous consent, pre-
seuted joint resolutions passed by the Legislature
j, of the State of New York, in regard to (he compi-
1 lation and publication of the Compendium of the
ji Sixth and Seventh Censuses of the United States;
!; which were read.
Mr. H. moved that the resolutions be referred
to a select committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved their refer-
ence to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make a suggestion
in reference to the disposition of these resolutions.
I have myself received a copy of them, and ha\ e
been considering what ought to be done with
them. I am satisfied, from the course of this
House heretofore, that it will be impossible for
us to do anything with the census returns, that
may proviso, then, would be to exclude all others from j. . I -
l' purchasing. This point is fully stated in theletter j, ,
nthe ] to which I have referred, and if any Senator de- jj ^
sires to hear it, I will have it read. ^
The question was then taken on agreeing to the <
amendment of the House of Representatives, and t
it was decided m the negative. ;
; railroads in iowa. :
! The Senate resumed the consideration of the
; bill granting the right of way and making a grant ]
! of land to the State of Iowa, m aid of the con-
, struction of certain railioads in said State.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, addressed the Senate
1 in favor of the bill, and in opposition to the
amendment of Mr. umimiu oo.o, until the usual
hour of adjournment, when, without finishing, be
■ yielded the floor. The speech will be published
: in the Appendix.
On motion, the Senate adjourned
the Legislature of my State can avail itself of during
its present session. It is very desirable that the
Legislature of that State-—and doubtless the Legis-
latures of all the States—should have this infor-
mation. But the Legislature of New York will
,i -iji . aild it will be
ness of this
unless some gentleman has any idea which he |     ± . raauon. out
wishes to suggest, we shall take the vote immedi- ,, man wjH purchase them for settlement except the j: ,.-ouni al>out tjle middle of April, ai
ately, and insist on the bill as it passed the Senate, i; owner of an adjoining tinct. The effect of the j; gib|e for u9 t0 rea(,h any bosh
if it leads to a committee of conference, we :  .i,„„ i,  cvr-lmio nil others from o . . i. ..
arrange the subject as best we can.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I concur very fully in
views taken by the Senator from Virginia, who has
stated that if this bill pass as it has been amend ed ,
by the House of Representatives, all the lands, in-
cluding the reserved lands, will be taken up by ^
land warrants. I am confident that thousands of :
these land warrants have been held back expressly
for the passage of this bill, in order that they may
be located 011 lands from which they have been
heretofore excluded. I am personally acquainted
with the land officers in my own State, and with
many m Illinois and Missouri. I know, from
having been in these offices, that they have been
compelled to employ additional clencal foice to
enable them to enter land warrants. The Senator
from Massachusetts says we ought to give a
douceur to the old soldiers. I am perfectly willing ;;
to do that; but when we arc doing that, will we
permit the registers and receivers to sit up until ,
midnight, as 1 know they sometimes do, in the /
discharge of their duties—being unable to pay for
clerk hire—and not pay them the same compensa-
tion which they are paid for entering cash sales?
Their compensation cannot in any case exceed
4,2,500 a year—no matter how many acres of land
they may sell—110 matter how many millions
dollars they may take in. I hope that this act ot ,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
yvri:n\km>\y, .March 3, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of Monday was read and approved.
grant of lands to missouri.
The SPEAKER stated, as the first business in
before that time. 1 would therefore suggest
the resolutions should be printed and referred
to ihe Committee of the Whole on the state ot
the Union, which has under consideration the res-
olution reported from the Committee on Printing
iu relation to the printing of the census.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I concur iu the
suggestion of the gentleman fioin Newlork, and
I will withdraw my motion, and move tint the
resolutions be referred t.i the Committee of tin;
Whole on the state of the Union; and on that mo-
tion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be now put, and,
heme put, Mr. jokes'* motion was agreed to.
Mr. JON Erf, of Tennessee. 1 call A>r the
regular order ot business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to refer the niii granting land
to Missouri tor certain railroads, 10 die Commit-
tee of the Whole on the .•-tale of tlie ITnion; and
the gentleman from New York [Mr. is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BENNETT resumed the remarks com-
menced 011 a former day, giving notice of an
amendment which he intended to oiier, name y.
■ that the bill be recommitted to the Committee on
Public Lands, with instructions to report abn,, as
