1852.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLO&E.
mi
CALIFORNIA MINT BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know of the Chair
whether the California Mint bill does not come up
this morning as the unfinished business of yester-
day ? , ,
The SPEAKER. It is the unfinished business
of yesterday,. but, by unanimous consent, the,
House proceeded to the consideration of the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it was the unani-
mous consent only to pass from the morning hour.
I do not think there was any intention to interfere
with the unfinished business of yesterday. I ask
that that bill be taken up.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I trust that
will be done, and we then will have no more dif-
ficulty.
The SPEAKER. Unless objection be made,
the California Mint bill will be considered.
Mr. BROOKS. What is the question ?
The SPEAKER. The unfinished business of
yesterday is the California Mint bill, but by unan-
imous consent the House proceeded to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table. It is now moved
to take up for consideration the Mint bill; to do
that unanimous consent is required.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 wish to make a bargain with
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means. 1 am not opposed to the Mint bill, but
there is an item in it which it is necessary should
be understood and discussed by the House. If
he will withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion, after submitting a few remarks upon the item
I have alluded to, I will renew it.
Mr. MARSHALL, ofCalifornia. Any remarks
addressed to that section of the bill, would not be
objected to, so far as my colleague and myself
are concerned.
Mr. BROOKS. I only want a fair vote, that
is all.
The SPEAKER. Is objection made to the
taking up of the California Mint bill?
Mr. BROOKS. I will not object, if it is the
understanding that the previous question is to be
withdrawn.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to bargains.
Mr. BROOKS. If I cannot have that under-
standing I object.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object, unless they
give us a tariff also.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that it is competent to Submit a motion to proceed
to the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then submit that motion.
The question was put, and While the House
was dividing,
Mr. BROOKS said: Is it in order to move to
suspepd the rules and that the House resolve itself
into tie Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union ? If it is I submit that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not while the House is
dividing, I think.
Mr. BROOKS. TJie shortest Way to settle this
difficulty will be for the gentleman to withdraw
his call for the previous question and allow me an
opportunity to submit a few remarks upon this
bill. I am not opposed to it. I demand the yeas
ttrid nays upon the motion to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order,
which I did not intend to make had not the gen-
tleman from New York called for the yeas and
nays. I cannot see by what process he gets
between me and the motion I haye made while
the House was dividing and the Chair had re-
ceived thfe affirmative vote.
Mr. BROOKS. Now, I appeal to the chairman
on Ways and Means' 
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I present the point and ask
for the Chair's decision.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, if called upon to
enforce the rules strictly, decides that the motion
of the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks]
is out of order, for the reason that the House was
dividing upon a different proposition.
Mr. BROOKS. I made the motion previously,
but it w&s my misfortune the Chair did not hear
me.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not hear the
motion at all.
Mr. BROOKS. I will not occupy twenty
minutes. I do not want to oppose the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to
order. There is no debatable question before us.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
proceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. BROOKS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. GOODENOW. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The question was then put upon the motion to
adjourn, and upon a division, there were ayes 62.
Mr. GOODENOW. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BROOKS. I renew it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I ask if it
is possible to withdraw the previous question so
as to allow any gentleman to discuss the single
section of the bill, and to move to put the remain-
der upon its passage ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the body. Motion is made to proceed to its con-
sideration.
Mr. MARSHALL. I wish simply to know
if it is possible to withdraw the demand for the
previous question J
The SPEAKER. A simple demand for the
previous question may be withdrawn when the
bill is taken up.
Mr. BROOKS. That is all that is asked.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Brooks to adjourn; and there were on a
division—ayes 65, noes 64.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I demand
the yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I believe the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] withdrew the demand
for the previous question. If so, we are willing
to withdraw the motion to adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. If gentlemen are willing to
take up this matter, and the call for the yeas and
nays be withdrawn, we can then go on with it.
The SPEAKER. The call for the yeas and
nays cannot be withdrawn except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Houston] can with-
draw his motion, and then make it again, which j
will get clear of the yeas and nays. I
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the motion, and j
now make the same motion that the unfinished
business of yesterday be taken up.
The question was then taken, and it w^s agreed
to.
Mr. BROOKS. I understand this question is
open for discussion. I promise to renew the de-
mand for the previous question.
I am sorry to have been the means of delaying
the business of the House forafew minutes; and,
before I proceed to a discussion of this bill, I wish
to say to the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Marshall,] in good faith, that I do not rise to op-
pose his California Mint bill, or to propose any
amendment to it; but I rise to discuss a single ques-
tion, not brought to us from the Senate, but in-
troduced into this bill by a majority of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means. 1 ask the attention
of the House to one single subject, because I think
it is a subject of great importance; and, although
I have not the vanity to presume that I can instruct
the House upon any subject whatsoever, yet, as a
condenser ot facts, and a reflector of what I have
read, I may say something which will be of service
to gentlemen who have not the time to^give so im-
portant a matter the proper consideration.
The first proposition before this House is for
the establishment of a Mint in California. The
second proposition is an amendment from the
Committee on Ways and Means, establishing
seigniorage upon the coinage of the country. Per-
haps no more important subject can ever come be-
fore this House for discussion. Sure I am, that
I know of no subject so important which is now
before this House, save the public lands, as this
of seigniorage. It involves a discussion of the
whole matter of currency, coinage, bullion, and
of gold and silver production; and whatever af-
fects the currency of a country, whatever touches
its gold and silver, has a direct and powerful influ-
ence upon all the commerce, manufactures, and
agriculture of the country. No wise legislator
ever proposed to touch the coinage or currency of
his country, but upon a full, deliberate, and keen
examination, either By himself, iii his study, or
after long debate before a public body. .
This word " seigniorage,""'Mr. Speaker, is a
word almost unknown in our country, and it
strikes the American ear as a novelty. It is not
even of English birth, but it comes to us from the
French, and is a relic of the reign of feudality.
The droit du seigneur is well known in feudal law,
in the history of the Middle Ages, butit never be-
fore appeared in these United States, and never
before was attempted the transplantation.
This right of seigniorage was imposed by the
old feudal barons as sovereigns in Europe, called
seigneurs, upon the coinage of their realms iti
two ways: sometimes by adulteration of the
coin, and sometimes by charging upon the depos-
itor a certain per cent, of the gold and silver he
was compelled to deposit to be coined. This relic
of feudality exploded, however, long ago, and it is
unknown now, and it has been unknown since the
reign of Charles II., in the maternal, or pater-
nal Government whence we come—Great Britain.
This seigniorage—this relic of feudality, it is pro-
posed now for the first time to introduce to the
American people—why and wherefore I have
been unable to comprehend. Englishmen have
exploded it, I repeat, since the days of Charles
II., when all feudality was exploding with it.
Since his reign this right of seigniorage has not
existed in our father-land, and nobody dreams
of reestablishing it there at this day. It does
not exist to any extent at this moment—to the
extent now proposed'—in any commercial and
civilized country whatsoever; and where known
at all, it is best known among barbarians. Seign-
iorage, then, is fit only for the dominions of the
" Grand Seignior." But the question before us
is, Shall it be established here ? When I say it is
the reversal of the whole policy of this country, I
but recite a fact known to everybody. The great
and wise effort of all parties in this country has
been, as much as possible, to lure the precious
metals here, in order to check the making and
circulation of paper money, and thereby to estab-
lish a sound and solid basis of circulation with our
gold and silver. It was the policy of the gold
bill in 1834 to keep the gold in the country by
overvaluing it in comparison with silver nearly
three per cent. This was the policy of the great
party which then had the government of the
country, and this has been the Whig policy, and
is the policy of all right-thinking and wise men,
to keep as the basis of circulation as wide, broad-
spread a foundation as possible for the super-
structure of paper money.
Now, the tenth section of the bill before the
House reverses all the old policy of all parties in
this country, and of the gold bill in 1834. For it
charges upon the gold productions of the country
a seigniorage at the Mints of the cost of its coin-
age not exceeding one per centum, at the discre-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. Another
bill, not now before the House, which has come
down to us from the Senate without one word of
discussion there, proposes a seigniorage of one
half of one per cent, upon all gold or silver de-
posited in the Mints, whether coined, or cast into
bars or ingots. This bill will soon be before us
foraction, and the principles involved m both of the
bills now deserve our grave -and calmest consider-
ation.
Before I go further, Mr. Speaker, as this is a
point upon which there is some dispute, I wish to
establish the fact—that in Great Britain no seign-
iorage whatever is levied upon coin. There is
some controversy on this important point, or
some misunderstanding; and it is necessary at the
start to ascertain whether or not we shall take a
step which holds out to dealers in gold and silver
a premium for the exportation of gold and silver
from this country to Great Britain. Innumerable
authorities might be cited, to show that there is no
seigniorage on gold at the British Mint; but to
save the House from the recital of them, I pro-
pose only to call attentien to the last act of" the
British Parliament on this subject—the fourth
clause of the 4th and 8th Victoria, chap. 32, which
runs thus: /
" Jlnd be it enacted, That from and after the 31st day of
August, 1844. all persons shall be eimtled to demand, from
the issue of the department of the Bank of England, Hank
of England notes in csciianse for gold bullion, at the rate of
three pounds seventeen shillings and nine pence per ounce
of standard gold: Provided always, That the paid Governor
and Company shall m all cases be entitled to require such
