2446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
midshipmen ; all as if engaged on sea service. And that
there be allowed to the warrant and petty officer®! extra pay
equal to the regular pay with which they have been accred-
ited for their services on said expedition."
This amendment simply proposes to pay all of
these officers at the rate of one grade higher than
the positions they actually occupied.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I propose further to amend the
bill by adding after the one just adopted:
"And the pay of chaplains m the Navy shall befl,20u on
leave, or waiti ng orders, and $1,500 while on duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I propose further to amend, by
inserting at the end of line twenty, page two, the
following:
"And the salary of the assistant purser of the navy-yard
at Kittery, Maine, wlm al«o discharges the duties of clerk
and steward, shall be $750 per annum."
That amendment has been recommended by the
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have yet another amendment.
After line twenty, page two, insert the following:
" That the pay of the first clerk to the commandant of
the navy-yards in New York, Norfolk, and Boston, shdll
be at the rate of $1,500 per annum, and that the second
clerk of the commandants shall be paid at the rate of $'900
per annum, from and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to offer the following amend-
ment; at the end of line twenty-four, page two,
add the following:
"It being provided that so much of the act approved
March 3d, 1851, entitled an act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending June 30, 1852, as pro-
vides that no commutation of rations shall be allowed, ex-
cept to officer® and their attendants, be, and the same is
hereby repealed."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I propose further to amend by
inserting after line two hundred and eighteen, page
ten—
" For a scientific investisation and experiment upon the
character of elementary substances used as subsistence in
the Navy, and the means to prevent their deterioration,
$2,500, to be expended under the direction of the Secretary
of the Navy."
This amendment is recommended by the Secre-
tary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I have another amendment. At
the end of line thirty-one, insert the following:
"And the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and required to have completed with the lea«t
possible delav, the war steamer contracted for with Robert
L. Stevens, in pursuance of an act of Congress approved
Marched, 1842, and that the balance of the appropriation
heretofore made lor that purpose which has been carried to
the surplus fund, shall be us-ed for that purpose."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. I urn further directed to offer the
following amendment, to come in after line thirty-
one:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby authorized to
cau^e to be applied as soon as piacticable, to all the steam-
vessels belonging to the Government of the United States,
J. P. Pin-son's double vacuum sn-am condenserfoi furnish-
ing fiesh water to marine boilers foi the use of the crews "
That is strongly recommended by the Secretary
of the Navy. It calls for no appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. It appears to me, Mr. Presi-
dent, that that is legislating for a private indi-
vidual. There are many claimants to the discovery
of these condensers, and I think this is a provision
that should not go in the bill.
Mr. BADGER. I think the Senator from Vir-
ginia is entirely mistaken. This is not an appli-
cation on behalf of any private claimant at all.
It comes to us under the recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy, who is anxious to have an
opportunity of availing himself of the use of this
condenser.
Mr CASS. If an appropriation is required and
asked for by the Navy Department, I will vote
for it; but I will never vote to put such an im-
provement in the Navy without knowing anything
about it. I must know whether it is necessary.
If the Department needs the appropriation I will
vote for it; but to legislate that a certain invention
shall be used in the Navy,is going too far. There
is no legislative authority necessary to authorize
the Department to use this invention, if it is
necessary. It has all the necesssary power for it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia raise a question of order, under
the rule, in regard to this amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. I will not raise the question
of order, but it seems to me to be precisely the
same sort of amendment which was offered to the
Army bill in regard to the discoverer of ether.
Mr. PEARCE. There was a special commis-
sion appointed to inquire into this matter. It has
been reported on. I have never seen that report.
I do not know what its details are, butif we have
such a report, it is right that we should not act
upon the subject until we know what the conclu-
sions arrived at are. I think it is not desirable
that we should adopt this amendment. It seems
to me to be necessary that Congress should be in
possession of the information which this report
contains. This may possibly be the best con-
denser in use; but we do not know on any evi-
dence we have before us, whether it is the best
adapted for the purpose for which it is intended.
It seems to me, therefore, that it would be better
to postpone the consideration of it until another
time.
Mr. DAVIS. I think it is quite certain from
information before the public that we ought not to
adopt this amendment. There is a sharp contest
now going on between the several patentees on
this subject, and the question as to which is the
most meritorious is not yet satisfactorily deter-
mined. To select one of these men under such
circumstances, and give him the privilege of fur-
nishing the United States Navy with condensers,
appears to me to be at least doing injustice to
others, and adopting a step not very judicious. If
the Department desire to make use of any of these
inventions, why not leave the Department to choose
that which they consider the best and most use-
ful? Why should we be called on here by our
legislation to declare which of these inventions is
the best, when we know nothing of them what-
ever? This subject has come upon us very unex-
pectedly, but I find on my table a letter from the
Secretary of the Navy on the subject. I ask that
the letter may be read.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
Navy Department, January 24,1852.
Sir: In pursuance of the authority conferred by the "Act
making appropriations for the naval service for the year
endi ng the 30th of June, 1851, approved September 28,1850,
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to examine into the
merits of the various condensers for supplying the boilers of
marine engines with fresh water, and directing that he report
to the House of Representatives the result of said examin-
ation, together with his opinion of the value of the test of
said condensers to the Government of the United States,
and appropnatmg the sum of $5,000 to carry this provision
of the law into effect," [ have the honor to report, that for
the purpose of conducting the examination required to sat-
isfactory practical results, a board was constituted, consist-
ing of two gentlemen of science and experience in the De-
partment, of knowledge involved in the inquiry, who have
applitd great labor and research to the investigation, and I
now transmit their report for the information of Congress.
It will be obsetved that twenty-nine different remedies
have been proposed for the prevention or removal of cor-
rosion and deposit m marine and other steam boilers by
mechanical means, so as to avoid blowing off and removing
the deposit, all of which arc discussed in this report.
Ol'the-se, five are regarded by the commission as entitled
to excellence, to wit: The inventions of Messrs. Pirsson,
Kaldwm, Lynch, and Millet, respectively. But no one of
those ha-- leeeived the tult approbation of the commission,
so a* to recommend its adoption by the Government, to the
exclusion of all others, and it advises that arrangements be
piopo&ed to the several inventors, each of whom claims a
patent right, for the construction and use in naval vessels,
of a condenser which shall combine the most eligible parts
of the apparatus of each, and be more perfect than any one
of them. In this opinion the Department eoneuis. The
amounts asked by Messrs. 1'irsson and Lynch, for their re-
spective inventions, are stated in the report, and an opinion
is also expressed in the probable cost of the appai atus of
Mr. Miller.
If the several claimants of patents shall entertain such
proposals, a commission or a board of naval engineers may
be consulted as to a proper compensation to be made to
each.
I respectfully recommend that the report of the commis-
sion, which will be found to contain much useful inclina-
tion on this important subject of mechanical and chemical
science, be ordeied to be published under the supervision
of the commissioners,
I have the honor to be, sir, with high respect, vour obe-
dient servant, WILL. A. GRAHAM,
Hon. Linn Boyd,
Speaker of the Howe of Representatives.
Mr. DAVIS. It is manifest from that state-
ment in regard to the report of the scientific board,
that they ascertained there were some four or five
of these inventions of great excellence, but that
they are not prepared to select any particular one
as especially worthy of attention from the Gov-
ernment. I think, then, that these inventions
should be left to work their* own way, and that
the inventors should be allowed to pursue their
own course; then if the Government conceive it to
be necessary to effect a purchase of any of them,
such a selection should be made, on complete in-
formation, as would render it evident that it was
the best that could be made, supposing that it is
necessary to select any at all.
Mr. SEWARD. I would suggest to my friend
from California [Mr. GwinJ to modify his amend-
ment by striking o\:t the word "shall," and in-
serting " may" instead of it, thus giving a dis-
cretionary power to the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment will then read 4* that the Secre-
tary of the Navy may, if he deems it expedient,"
&c.
Mr. GWIN. I accept the modification.
Mr. DAVIS. I now move to strike out the
name of " Pirsson,"and insert the word "any"
insread. So that the clause shall read " any steam
condenser."
Mr. SHIELDS. As I understand it, the Navy
Department at this moment possesses the power
of making a fair experiment; and I think it would
be wrong to require them, or to suggest to them,
to apply this particular condenser to the whole
Navy. Why not make the experiment at first in
one or two vessels, instead of extending it to all
the vessels of the United States. To require the
employment of any invention to all the vessels in
the Navy that are not thoroughly tested appears
to me to be highly injudicious.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I will en-
deavor to answer the question proposed by my
friend, the Senator from Illinois, and I hope it will
be satisfactory. My impression is that Senators
do not thoroughly understand this subject, and
that the mystery and confusion which has envel-
oped it heretofore is likely to continue, unless
some further explanation is made. Although when
this debate commenced I did not intend to take
any part in it, yet, notwithstanding, I must now
ask the indulgence of the Senate for a few mo-
ments while I explain, as well as I may be able,
the circumstances under which this question comes
before the Senate, and the necessity there seems
to be that Congress should do precisely what the
amendment asks them to do.
A steam condenser capable of supplying a vessel
with a sufficient quantity of fresh water for her
boilers, has long been a desideratum in ocean nav-
igation. I will not detain the Senate by a disser-
tation on the steam-boiler or engine; all must
know the importance of a condenser at sea, to
supply fresh water for the boilers. I will proceed
at once to show that Pirsson's condenser is the
best, the very best, beyond all question the best
that has yet been invented, and that experiments,
full and ample experiments, have proved it to be
all its friends claim for it.
Now, sir, I must be permitted to present to the
Senate the following satisfactory testimonials in
corroboration of what I have said, and will say,
in favor of Mr. Pirsson's condenser:
In reference to Pirsson's steam surface vacuum
condenser, Messrs. Henry R. Dunham & Co., of
the Archimedes Steam-Engine Works, say:
" We give it as our opinion that the difference of saring
in fuel alone would pay for it in a few months' use. There
seems to be, at present, a disposition on the part of the
owners of steamers, to pay reasonably for any improvement
saving fuel, and for the pieservation of boilers; both oj
which your invention accomplishes."
Commodore Stewart, whose opinions of such
matters has ever been regarded with respect and
confidence, says:
" There has been no improvement conferredonsea-going
steamers equal in value to the Pirsson condenser
Commodore Smith, Chief of Bureau of Yards
and Docks, says:
" It is the best machine for the purposes for which it is
designed I have ever seen, and that aV sea-goivg jteam-
vessels should be furnished wiih them, fox safety, economy, ami
convenience
Commodore Shubrick,the present Chief of Bu-
reau of " Construction, Equipment, and Repairs,"
says:
<{ The bureau concurs in this view of the late Secretary, and
indulges in the hope that Congress, in consideration oj the de-
ficienaj of the Navy in the only description of steamers which
may be considered at all efficient for war purposes, will put it
in the power of the Department, to introduce Pirsson,surface
condcnsers into several new propeller frigates anil sloops of
war."
Charles H.Haswell, the late Engineer-in-Cliief
of the Navy, in an official report to the late Secre-
