670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
a substitute therefor, making grants of lands on
some equal and just principles of apportionment,
and to a proper amount, to all the States, to aid in
the construction of railroads therein. He argued
in favor of the proposition, and against discrimin-
ation in favoj; of the new States to the exclusion
of the old. All should share alike, the lands being
public property; and he pressed his amendment
on the ground of dealing fairly with regard to the
rights of all States, and with a view of terminating
the partial legislation on the subject of the public
lands, which is urged from Congress to Congress,
and which will be continued, according to the
present practice, as long as there shall be an acre
to grant. This was a kind of grab-game, where
the noisy and clamorous get an undue share of
the public domain. He did not believe in a part-
nership where all bear a portion of the burdens,
but where all do not share in the benefits.
[Mr. B.'s speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. BENNETT having concluded—
Mr. STANLY said this matter has been before
the House for some three weeks, and has been
discussed long enough to enable every member to
make up his opinion. It stops the way of all
other reports—all other business of the House;
and in order to bring the House to some action I
move the previous question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I appeal to the
honorable gentleman from North Carolina to with-
draw his call for the previous question. There
have been grave charges during the progress of this
discussion presented against the Western States
generally, and against Ohio particularly. I would
like to have an opportunity of making some reply.
If the gentleman will withdraw the call I will re-
new it.
Mr. STANLY. The gentleman can take an-
other time for the purpose of defending the interests
and honor of his State.
The question was then put, "Shall the call for
the previous question be seconded?" and upon a
division there were—ayes 66, noes 67.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers
on the second, which were ordered; and Messrs.
Jones and Chandler were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported that there were ayes 73, noes 69—so there
was a second; and the main question was then
ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. The pending motion is to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to which proposition the
following amendment is proposed, which will be
read for information:
" With instructions to report a bill as a substitute there-
for, making a grant of land upon some equal and just prin-
ciple of apportionment, and to a proper amount to all the
Statos, to aid in the constiuction of railroads {herein "
Mr. KING, of New York, demanded the yeas !
and nays. 1
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired, by some seven or eight minutes.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The previous question
would keep this question alive.
The SPEAKER. The previous question being
sustained, it will bring the House first to a vote
upon the amendment to instruct the committee,
and then upon the proposition to refer the bill to
the committee, with or without instructions.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 70, nays 96—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Ashe, llnrrere, Bart-
lett, Beale, Belt, Bennett, John H. Boyd, Breckenridge,
Bngys,, Brooks, Chapman, Church well, Cleveland, Clmg-
man, Curtis*, George T. Davis, Dockery, Duncan, Ewing.
Florence, Fowler, llenry M. Fuller, Gentrv, Goodenow,
Grey, Hammond, Haws, Hascall, IIaven; Heburd, Horslord,
John W. Howe, Tnjrersoll, Ive«<, Andrew Johnson, James
Johnson, George G. Kinsr, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher, H. Mar-
shall, McLanahan, McMulhn. Meacham, Morehead, Mor-
rison, Outlaw, Andrew Paiker, Perkins, Riddle, Sackett,
Scnerinerhorn, Schoolcraft, Sehoonmaker, Sk.-lton, Smart,
Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Taylor,
Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Venable, Waid, Wash- :
atkw Weloh> Add^o., White—70. '
AA\ to—Messi*. Abeicronibie, Aiken, Willis Allen Av- 1
eretf, Bahcuck, Resell, Bragg, Bivnton, Albert G. Brown. ;
Buell, r>u-by, E. Camngton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Lewis
D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter, Ca.-kie Clark
Cobb, Conger, Cottman, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson'
Dean, Di*ne>, Don, Durkee, "Eastman, Ed«eiton, Faulk-
ner, f-Vkhn. Fitch, Freeman, Thomas J. D. Fuller Gav-
lord, Giddings, Glow, Hall, Harpe,, Isiiam G Harris
Sampson W. Hams, Hart, Hendncks, Henn, Hibbard'
Howard, Jackson, Jenkins, John Johnson, Rflbert W. John-
son, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King,
Landry, Lockhait, Mace, Edwaid C. Marshall, McNair,
McQueen, Miller, Molony, John Moore, Murray, Nabers,
Newton. Olds, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Peaslee, Penn,
Penniman, Phelps, Porter, Powell, Rantoul, Richardson,
Robbins, Robie, Scurry, David L. Seymour, Smith, Snow,
Benjamin Stanton, Abraham P. Stevens, Strother. Stuart,
Sutherland, George W. Thompson, Tovvnshend, Wallace,
A. White, Wilcox, Wildrick, Woodward, and Yates—96.
So the instructions were not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon referring the
bill and pending amendments to the Committee of
the "Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
Mr. KING, of New York. They have been
ordered.
.*The SPEAKER. Only upon the instructions.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. JONES. The motion is to refer the bill
with the pending amendments, and to print.
The SPEAKER. There was no motion made
to print, in the recollection of the Chair.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to know whether
this bill has ever been in Committee of the Whole
or not?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 97, nays 77—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Allison, William
Appleton, Ashe, Averett, Babeock, Bartlett, Beale, Ben-
nett, Breckenridge, Buell, Cartter, Caskie, Chandler, Chap-
man, Churchwell, Clingman, Cottman, Curtis, Daniel, G.
T. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dockery, Duncan, Ewing, Faulk-
ner, Florence, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Grey, Grow, Isham G.
harris, Hart, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Hibbard, Horsford,
John W. Howe, lngersoll. Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
JonSs, G. G. King, Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Mason,
McLanahan, McMulhn, McNair, McQueen, Meacham,
Morehead, Murray, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W.
Parker, Peaslen, Perkins, Powell, Robie, Sackett, Savage,
Sehermerhom, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, David L. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Smith, Snow, Abraham P. Stevens, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone, Stratton,
Sutherland, Benj. Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Wash-
burn, Watkins, Wells, Addison White, Alexander White,
Wildrick, and Woodward—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Barrere, Bell, Bissell,
Bragg, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Busby,
E. C. Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Clark, Cobb. Conger,
John G. Davis, Disney, Doty, Dunham, Eastman, Edgerton,
Evans, Fickhn, Fitch, Freeman, Gajloid, Goodenow,
Green, Hall, Harper, S. W. Harris, Haws, Hendricks,
Henn, John Johnson, R. W. Johnson, J. G. Jones, Kuhns,
Landry, Lockhart, Mace, Edward C. Marshall, Humphrey
Marshall, McDonald, Miller, Molony, John Moore, Nabers,
Newton, Olds, Orr, Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Porter, Ran-
toul, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Scurry, Smart, Stanly,
Benjamin Stanton, Strother, Stuait, Taylor, Thurston,
Townshend, Welch, Wilcox, and Yates—77.
So the bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
HOMESTEADS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE moved that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, to consider the special order.
The question was taken, and it was agreed to.
The House accoidingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. The business in order be-
fore thecommitteeis the special order,being House
bill No. 7, " to encourage agriculture, commerce,
manufactures, and all other branches of industry,
by granting to every man who is the head of a
family and a citizen of the United States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of land, out
of the public domain, upon condition of occupancy
and cultivation of the same for the period herein
specified," and upon this question the chairman
of the Committee on Agriculture, [Mr. McMul-
lim,] who reported the bill, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. McMullist not being present to claim the
floor, it was assigned to—
Mr. DAWSON, who expressed himselfin favor
of the bill and its provisions generally, because he
considered it the inherent right of every citizen to
obtain a grant of land without charge, and upon
the principle that Governments would be more
just and pure, if they possessed no revenue derived
from the sale of public lands; and contended that,
by the encouragement of the settlement of a coun-
try, its resources are more extensively developed.
He referred to statistical dates to show that the
revenues of a State should be derived from other
sources than the sale of public lands, and read
from authorities to prove that Congress has a right
to dispose of them as it pleases; and concluded
with a variety of arguments in support of his
views.
[Mr. D's speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. D. having concluded—
Mr. BRECKENRIDGE nextobtained the floor.
A motion was made that the committee rise.
The question was taken, and there were, upon
a division—ayes 85; noes not counted.
Thecommitteerose accordingly, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
special order, bein^House bill No. 7, to encourage
agriculture, and for other purposes, and had come
to no conclusion thereon.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A bill has been
returned to the House to-day from the Senate, in
which a great many of the members of this House,
and the country, feel a very deep interest. It is
the bill entitled "An act to make land warrants
assignable, and for other purposes." The Senate
have returned it here, non-concurring with all the
amendments of the House. I ask that the bill
may be taken up, that the House may insist upon
their amendments,and ask for a committee of con-
ference.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
1 move to reconsider the vote by which the Mis-
souri land bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
A motion was made to adjourn, and the ques-
tion being taken, agreed to—ayes 72, noes 57.
The House then adjourned to meet at twelve
o'clock to-morrow.
PETITIONS, &c.,
The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. McNAIR : The petition of John McKeever and
27 others, asking for a modifi< ation of the tariff on iron.
Also, th«  petition of O. Clnnchman and others, asking an
appiopriatton for the Delaware breakwater and piers, cedcd
to the United States, on the Delaware river.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania in
relation to the recent suit between the Stale of Pennsyl-
vania and the Wheeling bridge.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of James McLean, Ba-
roth Eggleston, and John A. Hays, late assistant marshals
for Ross county, Ohio, praying an increase of compensa-
tion.
Also, Joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Ohio, relative to the construction of a new canal on the
Indiana side of the Falls of the Ohio river.
By Mr. LANDRY: The memorial of Logan Hunton, of
New Orleans, praying compensation for services rendeied
as district attorney for the district of Louisiana.
Also, the memorial of James W. Zachane, of New Or-
leans, in relation to his claim on Mexico, assumed by the
United States under the 8th and 9th articles ol the treaty
dated Guadalupe Hidalgo, Februaiy 2d, 1848.
Also, the memorial or Thomas Powell, by his assignee,
the New Orleans Canal and Banking Company, m relation
to Mexican indemnities,.
Also, the memorial of Malcolm Sandman & Co., of New
Orleans, in relation to Mexican indemnities.
Also, the memorial of Edmund J. Forstall, of New Or-
leans, m relation to Mexican indemnities.
Also, the memorial of James W. Zacharie, assignee of
Asmus C. Bredall, a natuialized citizeu of the United
States, and resident of New Orleans, in the State of Loui-
siana, in relation to Mexican indemnities.
By Mr. KUHNS: The memorial of citizens of West-
moreland county, Pennsylvania, remonstiating against the
pat-sage oi any act of Congress legalizing oi sancUomng the
Woodworth patent.
By Mr. MACE : The memorial of J. H. Batnes and 23
others, citizens of Lockpou, Carroll county, Indiana, pray-
ing for the passage of alaw pi eventing all public officers, and
agents, in the employ ot the United States, from transacting
public business on the Sabbath or Lord's Day.
By Mr. FITCH : The memorial of John Millikan, assist-
ant marshal of Laporte county, Indiana, asking additional
compensation for sei vices m taking the census.
By Mi. JNGERSOLL : The remonstrance of Isaac Jud-
son and others, citizens of New Haven, Connecticut,
against the extension of the Woodworth patent.
Also, the petition of certain citizens of New Haven, Con-
necticut, asking that the memorial of Henry Grmnell, of
New York, in relation to an Arctic expedition, may be
granted.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of Alexan-
der B. Po ton, piaymg that the bounty land and money due
his father, Richard Poston, and his two uncles, Eha^ and
Jeremiah Poston, for services rendered m the campaign of
General George Rogers Clarke, for the reduction ot the
posts ot Vincojines and Kaskaskias, be granted Jieir legal
heirs.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Virginia: The remonstrance
of a number of citizens of Biooke county, Virginia, and a
letter of Mr. Claik Hanes, against the renewal ot the patent
of the Woodworth planing machine.
Also, the remonstrance ot citizens of Franklin county,
Pennsylvania, against the renewal of the patent of Parker's
reaction water-wheel#.
