1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
gold bullion to be melted and assayed by persons approved
by the said Governor and Company, at ttie expense of the
parties tendering such gold bullion."
Now, by this act, the Bank of England is com-
pelled to pay £3 17s. 9d. per ounce for standard
gold about its full value; and so any holder of bul-
lion can go to the Bank, and demand its value in
bank notes or sovereigns for all the bullion he
has. Hence 1 am authorized, without citing any
other authority than this act, to say, that under
the laws of England, there is no cost m exchanging
bullion for coin there. I trust that this act will
be held conclusive; if no't, I am prepared to go
beyond the law, and to cite such authorities as
McCulloch and Henry James. (Essay on Money,
Exchanges, and Political Economy.)
The idea that the British Government imposes
a seigniorage arises, I suppose, from such a clause
as that which closes the extract from the act (4th
1 and 8th Victoria) which I have quoted above. The
Bank of England requires, on receiving its bullion
in exchange for notes, that it be prepared for the
Mint by the depositors at their expense. The act
of Congress (1800) requires of our depositors at
our Mints a like preparation, at the expense of the
depositor, and the cost of the preparation is de-
ducted from the amount deposited. We stand in
the United States and in England upon the same
ground. The Mints of both countries require the
" dust" or " bullion" to be prepared for coinage
at the depositor's expense. But the bill now be-
fore us—the bill for seigniorage—clothes the Sec-
retary of the Treasury with the power to add on
to that expense another tax of one per cent.
Another fact has impressed some gentlemen
with the idea that a seigniorage is exacted at the
British Mint, and that is, the fact that the British
Government buys the pound of silver at its market
Value, a standard bullion value of sixty shillings,
and issues it, with the impress of the realm, to ap-
plicants at the rate of sixty-six shillings; and silver
is made a legal tender only to the amount of forty
shillings. There is no seigniorage here—no tax
on the depositor. The Government gives the full
market value (sixty shillings) for the pound of
silver, and issues it in half-crowns, shillings, and
sixpences, at the rate of sixty-six shillings the
pound—that is, increases its value ten per cent.;
but at no expense, remember, to the depositor.
The coinage then becomes a token of local value,
and it enters mto general circulation throughout
the kingdom. No foreign or other silver coin
passes current there. The community enjoy the
convenience of an ample supply of small change;
butno man is obliged to receive these tokens to offset
a debt beyond the amount of forty shillings. Such
are the facts as to the British silver coinage; but
these facts are misunderstood by some to be a
seigniorage exacted from the depositor^ The rel-
ative value of coin in Great Britain is as 1 to
14.288, but that is not the relative value of gold
and silver, which is about 1 to 15.716.
1 think it may therefore be taken for granted
now, with these facts before us, that there is no
seigniorage upon coinage in Great Britain. When
these facts are understood, and misconceptions
corrected, I think no man will say, that in Great
Britain there exists any such thing, any such tax,
as this lurkingin the tenth section of this California
Mint bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, T might go further, and
show that such a seigniorage as is here proposed,
exists in no other commercial country; but it is
enough for me to maintain, that the British Gov-
ernment exchanges British coin for bullion, with-
out cost to the depositors, because in maintaining
that, it follows, what I propose to illustrate, that a
seigniorage in the United States of one per cent, or
one half per cent., is a premium of one per cent, or
one half percent., to export gold and silver bullion
from the United States to Great Britian. Before
I go further, however, I wish to say, that in the
French Mint, where did exist in 1837, perhaps
now exists, what is called a " remedy" on gold,
there was something like a seigniorage, but the
" remedy" came not out of the depositor, as I
understand it, but it was an advantage taken of
about one thousandth in fineness, which operated
as a charge of about eleven hundredths per cent.
The coinage of France, however, was principally
in silver, until the last year; and now, that gold
lias become so plenty there, it is stated to me, on
authority I credit, but no statute or ordonnance is
within my reach to demonstrate it, that no seign-
iorage, whatsoever, now exists at the French
Mint on gold bullion.
The point I now arrive at, Mr. Speaker, is to
demonstrate, that if we affix a tax of one per cent,
or one half per cent, on our gold coinage, we give
to a premium of one per cent, or one half per cent,
our British rivals totakefrom usourgold. Nothing
is clearer than that bullion will avoid and evade
taxes, even the slightest, and seek that manufac-
tory, that mint, where it can be worked up into
coin for nothing. It is so clear a proposition that
I scarcely need stop to dwell upon it. It is evi-
dent, then, that if we establish the ,seigniorage,
we turn the gold current of California, when it
reaches Chagres, or Aspinwall, on the Atlan-
tic coast, to the British Mint, and the silver of
Acupulco, and of Chili, Peru, and Bolivia, in
the same direction. No holder of bullion stand-
ing side by side of an American steamer and
British steamer there, will hesitate to send that
bullion to England, to be coined for nothing, when
the cost of coinage will be one per cent, or one half
per cent, in Philadelphia, with the addition of the
cost of transportation to and from Philadelphia and
New York, in many cases one halfpercent. more.
This important fact cannot be got over, or got
under, unless it can be shown that it is cheaper to
transport gold and silver to New York than to
London—as much cheaper, as is the seigniorage
and extra transportation. To show that this is not
so, nay, to show that it is now cheaper to carry
gold from San Francisco to London, than from
San Francisco to New York, I lay before the
House the following table, from one of the largest
express companies, (Adams & Co.,) carriers of
gold dust or bullion, m the United States:
Estimate of the cost of transpOT ting §100,000 bullion from
San Francisco to Reio York, and the same to London.
San Francisco to Ntw Yokk.
$100,000—San Francisco to New Yoik, steamer
Height, 2;* percent  42,230 00
Primage, 5 pet cent, on $2,2.">U  112 50
Transportation fiom Panama to Cha-
gies, ^ pei cent  250 00
Insurance (N. Y.) San Fiaricisco to
New Yoik, 2 per cent  2,000 00
$4,612 50
San Francisco to London.
$100,000—San Francisco to Panama,
freight, 1U percent  $1,250 00
Panamato London, freight,
1 /8 percent  1,375 00
Primage, 5 per cent  131 25
Insurance, (English,) San
X^ranciscoto London, 1 ^
per cent  1,2)0 00
4.006 25
cious metals are coined, there, a larger portion will
remain for purposes of circulation or hoarding,
than would remain in the crude condition; for,
says she, where there is no coinage there will not
be apt to be retained any material amount of pre-
cious metals. They seek to find their way to
countries where the coinage exists. To show
that this is the policy of England one fact need
only to be stated. The price of standard gold is
fixed by law at <s£3 17.9. Od. sterling per ounce, and
this rate the Bank of England is bound to pay, or
allow for standard gbld, as I have shown before.
The Bank knows exactly how much standard
gold there is in one of our eagles, or ten-dollar
pieces; and yet, if a box of newly-coined eagles
is carried to the Bank of England, the price per
ounce they may .weigh is <£3 16s. 2id. sterling,
which they say Is equivalent to the quantity of
standard gold in our gold coin; and yet that same
box or parcel of gold, melted down by a private
assayer, and reduced to "standard gold,'-will be
taken at the bank at the legal price, of <£Z 17s. 9d.
per ounce, and theresultisasmallprofitafterpay-
mg the expense of melting—enough, however, to
induce the melting. The following is a statement
illustrating this:
Copy of a London statement of sale of American zold,
September, 1850.
lbs, oz. dwt. grs.
2,500 eagles, or $250,000, melted down
into seven bar*, weighed  Ill 11 10 00
" Standard"  109 9 7 12
Difference  $606 25
Difference in favor of London, $000 in the $100,000, or
$6,000 in $1,000,000. To which add the piopoMid tax of %
per cent., or $5,000, and we have a difference of $11,000
per million in favor oi tlie London shipment.
Now, to get over and to put down such startling
facts as these, it is argued that an American eagle
is coined but to go into the British Mint; and that
it may as well go in bullion Aom Chagres (or As-
pinwall) as from New York. It is to be hoped,
Mr. Speaker, that some day or other we may not
be diggers of gold always for the British Mint, only
to have impressed upon the golden product of the
California miner the impress of British sover-
eignty; but if this fact be so now, there is no rea-
son why we should give a premium of one per
cent., or one half per cent., to prolong such a state
of things. Besides, sir, no nation can ever reach
the summit of trade and commerce if it digs gold
but for another nation to coin it. Where goes the
bullion, and whence comes the coin, there go also
—such is the law of trade—the trade and commerce
of a people; for coinage is the representative of
trade and commerce, and where the representative
is, the substance is also. I should hold, then, the
premium which sent gold to England to be coined,
to be the premium also for sending, and concen-
trating there the commerceand trade of the Atlantic,
as well as of the Pacific States. All nations, more
or less, have always acted upon thisprincipie. The
British Government spares no pains to concentrate
in London the bullion trade of all the world, and
no effort to spread the British sovereign throughout
that world. She frowns upon an American eagle
when it appears at the British Mint, and insists
upon taking off the eagle and putting the British
emblem on. She discourages the circulation in
England by all the artifices of coinage. She rea-
: sons, and she reasons well, that wherever the pre-
Or 1,317or. 7dwt. 12grs., at £3 17&. 9d.
per oz , is 
Allowed by melting for gold adhering to
crucibles 
Charges. £ s. d.
Cost of melting  1 8 0
Assays  0 18 0
Brokerage  6 8 2
Cartage  0 5 0
Thus 2,500 eagles yielded by melting...
If taken by B^nk, at their weight in Amer-
ican coin, the price per oz., at £3 16s.
2%d. lor 1,343oxr.jlOdurf., would be....
Less* brokerage £6 85. 2d., and bags 2s.
6/2 
£
5,121
s. d.
5 10
5 8
5,126 14
8 19 2
5,117 14 11
Bank gives.,
5,119
6
5,112
5 10
10 8
15 2
The whole tendency of these movements is to
compel the melting of our coins for the purpose of
converting them into British sovereigns, which the
British Government in a wise policy does for noth-
ing. In Great Britain no coins but British coins
are a legal tender. Discredit is thrown upon all
others. In the United States all foreign coins are
a legal tender at fixed rates. Beside such falffcs as
these, charges are made, and w\th no inconsid-
erable success, to discredit the accuracy of the
assay of the gold coins issued from the Mints of
the United States. (See correspondence of the
Hon. Abbott Lawrence, our Minister to England,
with Mr. Webster, Secretary of State.) "I was told
* at the British Mint," says Mr. Lawrence, "that
* considerable quantities of American gold had been
' assayed and recoined, from time to time, and had
4 not always been found to come tip to our own stand-
* ard." This, Mr. Eckert, the Director of the
Philadelphia Mint, it is proper to add, seems most
thoroughly to disprove. (See letter to Secretary of
Treasury, April 2,1852.)
Itis unnecessary, however, for me, Mr. Speaker,
I suspect, to go into any further exposition of the
efTtirt of the British Government, or the British
people, to concentrate in London the bullion trade
of the world, for I may take it for granted, such
a rerflark will be admitted as fact. The pride as
well as the avarice of that greatnation is concerned
in this concentration. Both are directed toward it,
with unwavering energy; and one of the struggles
which we are yet to have with our father-land, is
for dominion over gold and silver, and coinage,
the representative of commerce and trade, as well as
for dominion over the seas, by steamships, and
clippei ships, those new winged monsters of the
deep. New York and London are yet to have a
mighty contest for the gold of California, and the
silver of Mexico, and of South America, and the
palm will not be yielded on the part of Britons
without a struggle earnest and prolonged. To
keep up her monopoly over the South American
