1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
Also, a letter of Mr. N. Wells, a citizen of Brooke county,
Virginia, on the inequality and injustice of the fees of in-
spection of steamboats-
Also,a letter of Mr. B. Duffield, on the causes and means
of prevention of steam-boiler explosions.
Also, the petition of John Giffen and other citizens of
Ohio county, Viigmia, praying that the sanctity of the
Christian Sabbath or Lord's Day, shall not be required of
certain persons m the employment of the Government.
Also, a letter and accompanying draft from John W. Gill,
in relation to the improvement of the harbor of Ottowa
city, Ohio.
Also, the papers of Thomas Beall were withdrawn, and
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
By Mr. JOHN W. HOWE: The petition of William R.
Durilap and others, citizens ofLavvrence county, Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating against a renewal of Wood worth's
patent.
Also, the petition of James F. Agnewand others, citizens
of Venango county, Pennsylvania, piaying Congress to pro-
hibit the transportation of the mails on the Sabbath.
By Mr. DUNCAN : The petition of Dudley F. Holt, for
an invalid pension.
Als>o, the petition of Alfred Kettridge and others, for an
appiopriation to remove obstructions and place buoys in
Merrimack river, Massachusetts.
Also, the petition of William D. S. Chase and others, for
the same.
By Mr. CHANDLF-R: The memorial of Bowen &
Browns, G. W. Mclienry & Co., H. & A. Cope & Co.,
and 90 mercantile firms in Philadelphia, asking Congress
to extend additional aid to Collins's line of ocean steamers.
Also, five memouals, signed by more than 200 citizens
of Philadelphia, asking for a renewal of the patent for
Wood worth's planing machine.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: The memorial of William
H. Gifford andwE. Bowling, of Indiana, for additional com-
pensation in taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. BUELL : Two remonstrances from 300 citizens
of Herkimer county, New York, against the renewal of
the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. WASHBURN: The memorial of Abner Star-
rett, S. W. Hoskins,and James Sanders, praying additional
compensation lor taking the Seventh Census.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts: The petition of Lucius
Blair and otheis, citizens of Massachusetts, that the sys-
tem of military superintendeney in the National Armories
be abolished.
By Mr. HENN : The memorial of P. C. Tiffany and 67
others, citizens of Iowa, a«kin  a grant of lands to aid ill
the construction of a railroad from Burlington to the Mis-
souri river.
Also, the proceedings of a State Railroad Convention,
held at Fairfield, Iowa, on the 11th day of February, 1852.
Also, the proceedings of Massachusetts Railroad Con-
vention, held at Ottumwa, Iowa, on the 13th day of Feb-
ruaiy, 1852.
Also, the proceedings of a railroad meeting, held at Jowa
City on the 6th day of February, 1852.
Also, the proceedings of a railroad meeting of the citi-
zens of Davis and Appanoose counties, held at Bloomfield,
Iowa, on the 29th day of January, 1852.
Also, the proceedings of a railroad meeting of the citi-
zens of Lucas county, held at Chariton, Iowa, on the 5th
day of February, 1852.
By Mr- GREEN: The memorials in relation to the im-
provement of the mouth of Sandusky rive% m the San-
dusky bay, and the improvement of the haibor of Port
Clinton, on Lake Erie.
Also, sundry memorials and petitions for the improve-
ment of the Mauinee river, Ohio.
By Mr. BABCOCK : The petition of 306 citizens of the
port of Oswego, New York, for a marine hospital at
Oswego.
Also, the remonstrance of citizens of Oswego county.
New York, against any renewal or extension of the Wood-
worth patent.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 4,1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The journal of yesterday was read.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order j
is the motion made by the gentleman from Penn- j
sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] to lay upon the table the \
motion to reconsider the vote by which the bill :
making a donation of the public lands to aid m the j
construction of certain railroads in Missouri was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. 'I find myself recorded as having
voted in the negative upon the motion to refer to j
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the !
Union the bill granting land to Missouri. I voted
in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I voted, on yesterday,
in favor of the reference of the Missouri land bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. My intention was to have voted in the
negative. I tried, but failed, to attract the attention
of the Speaker at the time the result was being
announced, that I might have my vote changed.
I desire now to have it changed.
The SPEAKER. That change cannot be made
upon the Journal except by unanimous consent.
_ Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I hope the House will
give unanimous consent. The result will not be
affected by it. m
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think
that it can be done. I am very willing that the
gentleman should have voted the other way; but,
sir, the thing suggested has never been done with-
in my knowledge. If it was a mistake upon the
Journal, the case then would be different.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs to say to
the gentleman from Alabama, that, under the rule,
it is competent to make a correction of the Jour-
nal, but that an alteration cannot be made unle^
by unanimous consent. The Chair, throughoU
his service, does not recollect an instance of the
sort.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I will state that I rose
before the vote was announced, and endeavored to
draw the attention of the Chair that I might cor-
rect my mistake, but failed. I mentioned the fact
to several gentlemen around me before the result
was announced by the Chair. These are the facts,
and I do not wish to have the Journal altered, but
my mistake corrected.
Mr. JONES withdrew his objection.
The SPEAKER. There now being no objec-
tion, the change will be made as suggested by the
gentleman.
Mr. SIBLEY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill, of which notice has
been given, merely for the purpose of reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not a
privileged question pending as the unfinished busi-
ness ?
The SPEAKER. There is. The Chair has
stated it.
Mr. JONES. Then it is not in order, I think,
to make any sort of motion.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw my privileged mo-
tion.
Mr. SIBLEY. I again ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for the introduction of a bill for
reference. „
Mr. WARD. I rise to a privileged question. I
renew the motion to reconsider the vote of yester-
day by which the bill granting lands to Missouri
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HEBAR.D. I wish to inquire whether the
gentleman voted in the affirmative?
Mr. WARD. I did notvote at all. I was out
when my name was called.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then he
cannot make the privileged motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman could not move to reconsider a vote in
which he had no voice at all.
TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENTS.
Mr. SIBLEY, by unanimous consent of the
House, introduced a bill, of which previous notice
had been given, entitled " A bill to amend certain
acts for the establishment of territorial govern-
ments in Oregon and Minnesota;" which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Territories.
GRANT OF LAND TO MISSOURI.
Mr. DEAN obtained the floor.
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. 1 rise to a privi-
leged question. I move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill granting lands to Missouri
was referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. POWLER. Did the gentleman vote in
the affirmative?
The SPEAKER. The Chair presumes the
gentleman voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WHITE. I voted in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER. The Chair inquires of the
gentleman from New York his object in obtaining
the floor, for it may be that he cannot be deprived
of his right to it by the gentleman from Alabama?
Mr. DEAN. My object was to move the re-
consideration of the vote by which the Missouri
land bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and to move
that the motion to reconsider do lie upon the table.
I understood the Chair to state that I was entitled
to the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the facts
of the case. * The gentleman from New York rose
to address the Chair, and was recognized. Imme-
diately following, the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. White] rose to a privileged questions and
moved the reconsideration of the vote by which
the Missouri land bill was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The gentleman from New York now states that it
was iiis object to make that motion. The Chair
thinks the gentleman could not be deprived of his
right to the" floor, under the circumstances, by the
gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. POWLER. I do not understand the gen-
tleman from Alabama as moving to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table, and I think, there-
fore, that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean] has precedence, as he had first risen, and
now states that that was his object.
Mr. GENTRY. Is not the gentleman from Al-
abama entitled to the floor upon his motion?
The SPEAKER. He is not entitled to it in
preference to the gentleman from New York.
Mr. DEAN. I move that the vote by which
the bill granting lands to Missouri was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union be reconsidered, and that that motion do
lie upon the table.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I wish to
make an inquiry. Can the motion be divided ?
The SPEAKER. It cannot. You will divide
it if you refuse to lay the motion upon the table,
and in no other form.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. Has the gentle-
man a right to make two privileged motions at one
time?
The SPEAKER. He has. That has been the
uniform practice of the body.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 68—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Andrews, Ashe, Averett,
Babcock, Thomas H. Bayly, Bartlett, Beale, Bennett, John
H. Boyd, Breekenridge, Buell, Joseph Cable, Cartter,Chap-
man, Chnstain, Church well, Cleveland, Clingman, Daniel,
Dawson, Dean, Duncan, Edmundson, Faulkner, Florence,
Floyd, Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Gamble, Gaylord, Gidding*, Grey, Grow, Isham G. Harris,
Hart, Ha^call, Haven, Iiebard, Hibbard, Horsford, John
W. Howe, Thomas Y. How, Ingersoll, Ives, Jackson,
Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, Jas. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, George G. King, Pres-
ton Kuig, Letcher, Mason, MoLanahau, McMuihn,Mc-
Nair, MeCAueon, Meaebam, Morehcad, Morupon, Murray,
Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Perkins, Powell, llobbins, Robie, Koss, Saokutt,
Schcrmprhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, David L. Sey-
mour, Skflton, Snmv, Fredenck P. Stanton, Richard H.
Stanton, Alexander II. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens, Stone,
Strattou, Sutherland, George W. Thompson. Thurston,
Vpnable, Wallace, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells,
Add-on White, and Wildiick—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercronibie, Willis Allen, Barrere,
Bell, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, Busby, E. Carnngton Cab-
ell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler,
Clark, Cobb, Conger, Cottman, George T. Davis, John G.
Davis, Doty, Eastman, Edgerton, Ewing, Ficklin, Fitch,
Freeman, Gentry, Goodenow, Gorman, Hall, Harper,
Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hendncks«, Henn, Houston,
Howard, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Kubns, Kurtz,
Landry, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Miller, Molony, John
Moore, Naher*, Olds, Orr, Penn, Penrnman, Phelps, Por-
[ tor, Rantoul, Riehaid->on, lliddle, Smith, Stanly, Benjamin
| Stanton, Strothn*, Stuart,Taylor,Town«hend, Ward, Alex-
; andei Volute, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—68. ^ '
; So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
I table.
1 MEMPHIS NAVY-YARD,
i Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, by the unani-
; mous consent of the House, introduced the memo-
| rial of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee,
I praying additional appropriations for the navy-
' yard at Memphis, in that State; which was read,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
| Mr. OLDS called for the regular order of burai-
: ness.
! 'Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
; pended,and that the House resolve itself into a
| Committee of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr. OLDS. Let us have reports from com-
mittees.
| NON-INTERVENTION.
; Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama to allow me, before he
! presses his motion, to present the joint resolutions
: of the Legislature of Georgia upon the subject of
1 non-intervention. I have had them for eight or
, ten days, and have not yet been enabled to present
them.
