1584
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15.
tion, and to start some new thought in the mind of
somebody. The very novelty of a business dis-
cussion here should have some interest for your
ears. But before you act further to-day, before
you vote on this bill, I invoke you to remember
the mfner toiling in California, and impose no
such strange tax as seigniorage upon him. I in-
voke you to remember your duty to guard and
frotect the commerce and trade of your country;
ut above all, for the sake of national honor, or
of national pride, I beg you to guard your own
eagle, your own emblem of sovereignty, from the
British lion, and to feel, at least, as tne English-
man feels, when he puts the British emblem upon
your gold production, at no cost to the depositor,
that he is paid, richly paid, for the slight tax on
himself, by the universal circulation and dominion
he thus gives that British emblem the wide world
over, wherever British gold goes, or Briton travels;
for the day is coming when the American eagle—I
mean no eagle emblazoned en any warlike stand-
ard—will thus traverse the world with this British
sovereign, and, if 1 mistake not, in triumph over
him, if you throw no obstructions in the path of
his victory!
Mr. SEYMOUR, ofNew York. I wish to in-
quire of the Chair whether the question can be
separated, so that a distinct question may betaken
on the proposition which my colleague has just
discussed with so much ability ? If it be possible
I hope that will be done, for I think the House
must now be convinced that that section ought to
be stricken out.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER. A demand has been made
for the previous question, and therefore no discus-
sion is in order except by unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I wish to
ask for information, if it is not possible, under the
rules, to have a separate vote 
The SPEAKER. Upon every amendment.
Mr. MARSHALL. Is there a' motion pend-
ing to strike out the amendment which has been
discussed by the gentleman from New York ?
Mr. HOUSTON. That is the amendment re-
ported by the Committee on Ways and Means.
The SPEAKER. The House will first be
brought to vote upon the amendments reported by
that committee.
Mr. MARSHALL. Then is it a motion to in-
sert that amendment or to strike it out?
The SPEAKER. There are various amend-
ments reported by the committee, which must all
be acted upon.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I would inquire of the Chair
whether, if the previous question is now sus-
tained, it will prevent us from having a separate
vote upon thatjmrticular amendment?
The SPEAKER. Each amendment proposed
by the committee will be voted upon sepaiately.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to delay this
bill by making any remarks upon it.
A Member. It is not in order for you to do so.
Mr. HOUSTON. T am aware that the previous
question is called. I wish, however, to say to the
House 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I call the gentleman
from Alabama to order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order pend-
ing the demand for the previous question, as the
gentleman from Alabama must be aware.
Mi. HOUSTON. I have a right, I presume,
to make an hour's speech, even after the previous
question is sustained, but I do not intend to make
a speech at ail.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will come to order. A demand is made for
the^previous question, and the Chair is bound to
decide that during the pendency of that proposi-
tion all debate is out of order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not want to make a
speech; I merely wanted to state a fact.
The SPEAKER. When the main question is
ordered—if it shall be—the gentleman from Ala-
bama, having reported the bill, will have a right
to make an hour speech, as everybody knows.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not intend to make a
speech, although I have a right to do so. I do not
intend to delav or endanger the passage of this
bill.
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee, i wish to ask
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] a
simple question, merely for the sake of informa-
tion. It is simply whether this bill proposes any
specific amount for the erection of this Mint in
California, or does it go on to provide for the erec-
tion of the Mint without specifying the appropri-
ation at all ?
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. It specifies
a limited sum.
Mr. HOUSTON. The eleventh section of the
bill, as proposed by the Committee on Ways and
Means, restricts the amount which may be ex-
pended under the bill, if it should become a law.
It provides that "it shall not, in any contingency,
'for buildings, machinery, and everything that is
' necessary to put the Mint in perfect operation,
'exceed $300,000." That section also requires
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall not pro-
ceed, or take any steps under any of the provisions
of the bill, for the establishment of that Mint, until
he shall have made contracts for the entire expend-
iture which may be necessary for the buildings,
machinery, and everything else, to enable him to
put the Mint in full operation; which contracts are
to be approved by the President of the United
States; and which expenditures or contracts shall
not exceed the sum of $300,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. In this connection I want to
ask another question. Does this bill appropriate
that amount, or any other amount?
Mr. HOUSTOjN . It appropriates no amount
at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. How do they get the money
then ?
Mr. HOUSTON. That depends upon future
legislation by Congress.
As I said before, I do not intend to argue the
point presented by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.] 1 intend, however, to say to the
gentleman, and to the House, that according to
my examination and understanding of the facts,
his statement is wholly incorrect, and can, to no
essential extent, be sustained. His statement of
facts is entirely incorrect and unreliable, accord-
ing to the statement of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, which the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] read to the House a few moments since—
wholly incorrect, according to the report of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance in the
Senate, [Mr. Huxter,] who has given to this sub-
ject a very thorough and elaborate investigation.
Both of those gentlemen say that seigniorage is
charged upon the coinage of other civilized (Gov-
ernments. And I undertake to say that such is
the fact, which any member of this House will see
by an examination of the subject. The law which
the gentleman read, shows the same fact; and if
he had read the whole of it, he would have estab-
lished my proposition. Now, sir, the only doubt
I have ever heard expressed about this matter is,
whether there is any seigniorage charged by the
British Government. The gentleman says no civ-
ilized Government in the world charges it. Prance
may not be a civilized country, in the gentleman's
estimation, but there is no gentleman who has ex-
amined this subject, except the member from New
York, [Mr. Brooks,] who will say that France
does not charge seigniorage. There is in the minds
of some a question about the practice of Great
Britain.
But the law produced by the gentleman fiom
New York [Mr. Bp,ooks1 shows, that while a
bullion holder may go to the Mint and receive coin
for his bullion, yet it is only when the gold dust
has been assayed and brought to the standard
fineness required by the British statute. When
it is in that condition he can get a certain amount
of coin for it; and to get it to that standard fine-
ness much the largest expense is incurred which
would be charged for under this bill, all of which
is paid by the bullion holders to some assay office
approved by those who control the Mint. Our
Mints assay gold and carry it through all the ne-
cessary stages for coinage, and then coin it. We
propose, for that service, a small charge to be
paid to our Government, towards defraying the
expenses of the Mints. The British Mint refuses
to perform that service, and requires the bullion
holder, at his own expense, to have it done by
some assay office, which its officers may desig-
nate, before they will receive it. The additional
expense necessary to stamp it is very trifling, and
that, I believe, they are to some extent compen-
sated for, by the amount of coin they pay out:
but that is immaterial. So the same expense
which this section requires the bullion holder to
pay, is paid by him in England, and that it may
not go directly into the coffers of the British Go-
vernment, is not the question at issue here? The
proposition which I am endeavoring to establish
is, that the bullion holder pays that expense. The
honorable member from New York [Mr. Brooks]
maintains the contrary, if we understand him;
and that being the issue, I am willing that his law
shall decide between us. It matters not whether
the bullion holder pays the expense to the Gov-
ernment or a subject of Great Britain. He pays
for that service, and pays it to whoever renders
the service substantially, as we propose by the
tenth section of the bill before us.
Mr. BROOKS, (interrupting.) The gentleman
mistakes the facts.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know what the facts are,
and I am stating what the books show. I felt it
due to say thus much, in justification of the action
of the Committee on Ways and Means, who re-
ported the section controverted. But allow me to
read the law, so that there may be no cavil about
it hereafter:
" And be it enacted, That from and after the 31st day of
August, 1844, all persons shall be entitled to demand, from
the i?sue department of the Bank of England, Bank of
England notes, in exchange for gold bullion, at the rate of
three pounds seventeen shillings and nine pence per pound
of standard gold: Provided always, That the said Governor
and Company shall in all cases be entitled to require such
gold bullion to be melted and assayed by person* approved
by the said Governor and Company, at the expense of the
parties tendering such gold bullion."
Now, sir, what is that but a part of the expense
of coining, and which will be included in this
seigniorage charge if the section shall be agreed
to 
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to
propound a single question to the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] I will ask the gen-
tleman whether we have not a statute, passed in
'1800, which provides that a charge shall be made
upon all bullion brought to the Mint, winch needs
refining before it is in that state which is proper
for coinage; and whether the provisions of this
act are intended to be superadded as an additional
charge to that provided for by the act of 1800?
That act, I think, charges one half of one per cent,
for putting this bullion in a condition fit for coin-
age.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will reply that the bill
now before the House is intended to supersede,
and it will supersede, if agreed to, all other charges
for coinage at the Mints of the United States. The
gentleman says the charge now made at our Mints
is one half of one per cent. I guess he has not
examined the subject, and is therefore in error.
But admit that he is correct, and that the present
charge is as high as he states it, you will at once
see that most of the expense proposed to i-e
charged under the provisions of this bill is already
charged under existing laws; and the service for
which that expense is incurred, and which the
gentlemajn says is one half of one per cent., is now
charged upon all gold before it is received at the
British Mint. It is true that the British Govern-
ment does not make the charge, for the reason
that it does not perform the labor. In England,
it is done and paid for in an assay office, distinct
from the Mint. Here our Mints perform the ser-
vice, and should charge for it. The principle is
the same 
Mr. SRYMOUR. The act of 1800, of which
I have an extract before me, expressly charges it
for the expense of refining the gold, and not as
seigniorage.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman's special
pleading will not avail him. Seigniorage, as we
use and understand it, is a charge upon any or all
! of the various stages of coinage, and is intended
; to make the owner of bullion pay the expense of
putting it into coin, that he may use it. You have
to assay the bullion, and separate the impurities
from the purities. Bullion is merchandise, and
may be and is used as merchandise; but you can-
not use it as coin until the refining process is ap-
plied to it, and it recehes the stamp of the Mint;
and for the expense incurred in turning it into
coin, it is proposed not to charge one half of one
percent., as the gentleman argues, but it is pro-
posed by the committee to make one per cent, the
maximum of the charge. They propose to charge
a seigniorage in the discretion of the Secretary of
