1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2451
ment demurrage and damages if the Government
were not ready to receive the dock upon its arrival
in California. No site had been authoritatively-
selected for a navy-yard; and there was no place
to put the sectional dock when it arrived. There
was nothing to which it could be attached. The
consequence was that the Secretary of the Navy
was compelled, as he says, to lease this dock,
without any compensation whatever, to the con-
tractors for three years. They are to have the
benefit of the use of the dock for three years after
its arrival, because the Government of the United
States were in no condition to receive it.
There has been a commission sent from this
section of country to that to select a site for a
navy-yard in the Bay of San Francisco. Rumor
says that they have made a selection, but there is
no official information that a site has been selected.
There is no place for a sectional dock when it ar-
rives. The contractors have already received
§610,000 for it; and because the Government has
no place for it., tliey are to have the use of it for
three years, on the single condition, as I under-
stand from the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, that it is to be returned in good order and
condition. This basin and railway may be neces-
sary hereafter; but is it necessary now? Why,
in the great city of New York, the commercial
emporium of the country, they have not, as I un-
derstand, a basin and railway, but they use the
sectional dock and the floating dock. There is a
stone dock belonging to the Government of the
United States at Brooklyn, and I believe that on
one or two occasions the officers of the Govern-
ment have allowed that dock to be used for com-
mercial purposes in emergencies. The sectional
dock in California is, I apprehend, competent to
do all that is required for the wants of the Gov-
ernment within the Bay of San Francisco. Upon
that dock, which is three hundred and fifty feet in
length, any vessel of the Navy of the United States
may be lifted, and raised, and brought into sight,
so that persons can work upon it. I have never
thought that the Government was bound to supply
docks for the commercial marine. Commercial
men have usually supplied themselves with docks
until this thing has been done for the young and
thriving State of California.
I do not propose to go into the discussion at
length. I have before me a pile of documents
containing all the contracts that have been made;
■descriptions of a basin and railway with sectional
dock, and of a basin and railway with piers and
without piers. But if this question is to be ex-
amined upon this bill, and we are to go into the
subject, I shall feel it my duty to go into the sub-
ject at length, let the consequence be what it may.
But, as this proposition is made as in Committee
of the Whole, and as I am not desirous of inflict-
ing upon the Senate a good or a bad speech, I will
now suspend the observations which I have to
make. I am willing to let the vote be taken; but
if the amendment should be adopted by the Senate
now, 1 shall feel it to be my duty, after the bill
shall be reported to the Senate, before the amend-
ment is voted upon there, to discuss it at length.
But I say to the friends of this measure, that if,
at the next session of Congress, when a site for a
navy-yard shall have been selected, when we shall
have become satisfied that a basin and railway is
necessaiy, or whenever the Secretary of the Navy
shall recommend Congress to make an appropria-
tion for a basin and railway, I will withdraw my
opposition. At this moment, however, I cannot
agree to vote $840,000 for a basin and railway
now, when you have no site for a navy-yard;
when you have loaned your sectional dock for
three years, because you had no place to put it.
I consider that it is at this time unnecessary, and
I humbly submit to the Senate that it would be
better to reject the amendment, unless the friends
of the measure withdraw it. I shall make no fur-
ther observations now; but, if the amendment
should be insisted upon, after the bill shall have
been reported to the Senate, I shall feel myself
bound to go through with the whole subject.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, we are placed
in a peculiar situation with regard to this amend-
ment. I am not going to enter into any discussion
as to the propriety of making it. It has been
heretofore determined, unanimously, by the Com-
mitteeon Naval Affairs—and their action has been
approved by the Senate—that the United States
had made a valid contract, binding in honor, with
these parties, for the erection of this basin and
railway. If it is ever to be erected, there is no
time to be lost. My own opinion is, that it is the
poorest and most wretched economy to postpone
the erection of this work (which is, in the first
place, necessary, and which, in the next place, we
are obliged to execute by a contract binding upon
the honor and faith of the nation) when it must
necessarily occupy a considerable amount of time
to complete it, when the price is established, and
when the Government can gain nothing in that
respect by delay.
But my friend from Rhode Island, with his
large bundle of papers in his hand, says that if
: this amendment be now persisted in, he will go
I into the examination which those papers may re-
i quire, whatever may be the consequences. We
are thus in the power of my friend. It is more
important to get through with the Navy appropri-
\ ation bill than to insist upon the amendment, un-
| der these circumstances. I therefore recommend
' to the honorable chairman of the committee, that
! by common consent of the committee the amend-
! ment may be withdrawn. We cannot sacrifice
| the naval appropriations for the consideration of
| this question. We are now at such a period of
the session, that if my friend from Rhode Island
perseveres in what he has declared—and no one
who knows him will doubt that he will carry out
what he has said—our whole time will be con-
sumed in this debate. I hope, therefore, that the
amendment will be withdrawn.
Mr. GWIN. It will be recollected that two
years ago, after full discussion in this body, a bill
was passed authorizing the Secretary of the Navy
to contract for this basin and railway. It will
also be recollected, that owing to a dissension be-
tween the contractors and the patentees, the State
of California has not had anything appropriated
for the support of this dock. I mean to have
nothing to do with this dissension. The Senator
from Rhode Island makes a statement with regard
to this amendment that I regret very much, if cor-
rect; and that is, that he intends to speak at length
in opposition to it, if it be persisted in. He says
that it proposes all the paraphernalia of a navy-
yard. Why, he will see that it is according to
the very specification mode out by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brohiie.vd] some time
ago. It is nothing like an extensive navy-yaul;
but these are works proposed by the Senator
from Virginia and the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Of course, they may be enlarged hereafter.
In the next place, the Senator from Rhode
Island lias stated, and reiterated the statement
that we have no selection for anavy-yard. Why,
it has been selected twice by two boards of com-
missioners. It was selected by a board ordered
out in 1849. It has also been selected by a board
sent out last spring, and who have, by this time,
arrived at New Yo;-k; for I see by a telegraphic
dispatch this morning thatvthey came on the last
steamer, and are now m New York. They have
selected the same site that was selected before, and
which is one of the best sites in the world for a
navy-yard, and a basin, and railway, and dock.
I have examined it myself, and know its capacity.
It has been selected twice; and no better point
could be selected.
I am not going into the discussion of this matter
at present. I would merely propose to the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island to let the question be now
taken in Committee of the Whole; let the bill be
reported to the Senate, and then if he insists on
speaking on the subject at length, J will agree
rather than to jeopardize the bill, to have the
amendment withdrawn.
Mr. CLARKE. 1 wish merely to make a state-
ment in reply to my friend from California. He
implicates me in regard to a matter of fact. It is
true, that in 1849, some board selected a certain
place, I do not know where, in the Bay of San
Fi-ancisco; but this selection was not deemed suf-
ficiently authentic, or to have been made with suf-
ficient intelligence and care; and last spring, I be-
lieve, a commission was sent from the Atlantic sea-
board to the Pacific, to revise that selection, and
with power to recommend any other site. I rec-
ollect very well that Commodore Sloat was here
before he started on that commission, and I talked
with him on thesubject. They have been there; and
the Senator says that, from telegraphic information
which he has received, they have arrived, after
havin" selected a site. I do not know, nov does
the Senate know, nor does the Secretary of the
Navy know, that they have made any selection at
all. If the honorable Senator knows, from any
private communication to himself, that they have
made a selection, of course, it is so; for whatever
he asserts, on his own authority, no gentleman
will give more credence to than myself. But I
want the Senator to understand me; 1 wish to say
to him that it is necessary that the Board of Com-
missioners should report, that the Secretary of the
Navy should examine their report, and that the
President should adopt their report, before there
can be a site established for a navy-yard in the
Bay of San Francisco. When that shall be done,
it will be time enough for Congress to legislate on
the subject; but until it is done, you do not know
what you are legislating about.
Now, with regard to another thing, I was prob-
ably mistaken, and I must be permitted to explain
that for a few moments. A bill was introduced
into the Senate by the honorable Senator from Cali-
fornia, which the Senator from Pennsylvania said
would take some four or five millions of dollars.
I supposed that this was the same proposition,
somewhat curtailed, to meet the economical views
of the Senator from Pennsylvania. I have noth-
ing to say as to the amount proposed to be appro-
priated. The amount, I know, is large. I do not
think it necessary to have all of these establish-
ments just yet,
Mr. P.RODHEAD. 1 did not exactly under-
stand what the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island said about meeting my views, it never
will accord with my views to establish a basin
and railway in California.
Mr. CLARICE. I did not say so. I was
stating, in answer to the remarks of the honorable
Senator from California, that 1 did not understand
exactly the provisions of this amendment. The
Senator from California said it was in conformity
with the views of the Senator from Pennsylvania
—that is to say, it was restricted as he proposed
to restrict it. I never supposed the Senator was
in favor of it.
Mr. BROD1IEAD. It was not my intention
to say anything upon this subject; but as 1 have
been alluded to several times, I will say a few
words.
Mr. President, I am in favor of establishing a
navy-yard and depot in California, and I submit-
ted at an early part of the session a proposition, as
a substitute for the bill presented by the honor-
able Senator from California, having that object
in view. But whenever the subject of a navy-
yard and depot in California has been brought
forward, this basin and railway, which will cost
from $800,000 to $1,000,000, is put into it. That
proposition was considered and voted down at the
last Congress, and it ought not to have been
brought forward again. The basins and railways
connected with these docks upon the Atlantic, sea-
board have not yet had a ship-of-the-hne upon
them. They may have had what some people
consider as equivalent to it, but they have iwer
had upon them a ship-of-the-line as required by
the contract. I think that if we are to have a
basin and railway m California, we ou^ht to have
it fairly tested upon the Atlantic sea-boaid first.
Mr. GWIN. I think the Senator is altogether
mistaken upon that point. Certainly the ship
Franklin, with a thousand tons of iron as ballast
in her, has been taken up in one of these basins
and railways within the last two weeks. She was
taken on, and went off in three end a half hours.
She v/as a seventy-four—a ship-of-the-line.
Mr. ERODHEAD. I do not wish to enter at
large into this subject. I believe we ought to take
the vote upon this'proposition now. without much
further debate. If other gentlemen would agree
to take the vote without debate, I would say
nothing. I must be permitted to say, how ever,
that this question was considered at the last Con-
gress; and I will read a portion of the naval appro-
priation of the last session upon this subject:
" For a floating dock m California, x!50,0')0. And Hie
Secietaiy of the Navy i* hereby lequned ^o to modify the
contract alleged in have been made on tile l'tli ol Jannaiy
last, as to confine the <ame to the cmsinir-tion of the float-
ing dock alone, without the bat-in and railway."
Thus Congress at the last session decided to
have this flouting dry-dock in California without
a basin and railway. Where now is the recom-
mendation of the Department in favor of it! I
assert that the proposition is not only without,
