1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr STANLY. I omitted to move that the ,
two bills, which I have just presented, should be \
panted. I now make that motion. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 would suggest :
that it is not customary to prmt bills until they are
reported back to the House by the committee. ;
Mr. S1ANLY. Then I withdraw my motion ;
to print.
entries of land 1
Mr. CA.BELL, of Florida, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to legalize certain entries of
public land made in the State of Florida; which
675
If, at the time he made his speech, General But-
ler's opinions had been known, he would not have
made allusion to linn. He congratulated the coun-
try upon the fact that one gentleman named as a
candidate for the Presidency had expressed his
opinions on the subject of slavery, and he hoped
that other gentlemen named in the same connec-
tion would follow the example.
Mt. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
I desire to inquire what is the question before the
committee' [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question before the
committee is House bill No. 7, for the encourage- i; ^ t > , . . 1 me revolutionary \va
men t of agriculture, and a great many other p5r- Ij ? , ™rs' and second time by its title, ant! ! «? e-™'"1 to h«-'r tl.o pension oflier hi,
poses. [Renewed laughter1 1 i1 re*CTred to the Committee on Public Lands. :: '"!r mUuraI
Mr. CAMPBELI,,^if Ohio, did not intend to I' —    Mr.HARltl.U„,loral„fJ.c.A,WlJ1
discuss the question m dispute between the gen- '
tleman from Florida and the gentleman from Ken- ■
tucky; for his constituents had not sent him here
Indiana!0' ^ De]phos and Van wer£, to Fort Wayne,
Jly Mr- HASCALL : A remonstrance of H9 citizens of
of IviTrf, y,?'""l!;cou"ty'Kew Yorlr' against the renewal
«v a ',,ani"? "'"cliine.
tuif nf o" , r O : 1{ei0lut'ons from tile Lwisla
L d re„ ,h°i £em",vIvania> instructing the Senators
arm requesting the Ucpre^ntatives from that Stale to on
pose the establishment of a Mint at NewYorit. P
JolmP Tn«A?K!ER' of.I!!;n,l!'}'lvanm: The memonai of
tv in rtJ S f'p' 8 P 0tllors> c,tlzens of Blair coun-
cS\u A^rcnln, -fl 11 "nS> 7"^' pray,n6 for the formation
oi an Agricultural Bureau by Congress
"'5 of j!llle <ila^ow, widow of James
„™T-W*,.d.cwteod> a "W" of the revolutionary war,
CRIMES 4GA.IJTST THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. STANTOS, of Ohio, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill, of which pievious notice
-       ....... , has been given, entitled " A bill to amend an act
to manufacture candidates for the Presidency; nor [ more effectually to provide for the punishment of
did he propose to discuss the measures which ii certain crimes against the United States, and for
were called the compromise measures, for he had
expressed his opinions on this subject oaring the
last Congress. He had seen efforts made during
the piesent session to reenact and reendor.se cer-
tain laws in relation to the question of slavery;
and he had only to say that, notwithstanding the
House might pass every day during tile present
session resolutions reenactitsg and reendorsing the
compromise measures, there would be nothing in
them which would prevent the people from de-
manding legislation upon the fugitive slave law,
whenever they might see proper to require it.
Mr. C. then proceeded to discuss the bill under
consideration. It was very evident, he thought 
and no one who had observed the action of the
House could fail to observe—that the great ques-
tion of disposing of the public lands belon^iii0" to
this nation would devolve upon this Congress.
The idea that these public lands were to be retained '
as a source of revenue to the General Government j
seemed to have been abandoned by all parties and
all classes of men. Mr. C. then proceeded to ad- !
vert to the history of the acquisition of the public |
domain; and during this part of his remarks he
yielded the floor to— ;
Mr. MOREHEAD, who moved that the com- J
mittee rise and report progress; which motion was !
agreed to.
Thecommittee rose accordingly, and the Speaker :
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the special order, being House bill No. 7,
to encourage agriculture, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I now ask that,
the bill from the Senate, entitled " An act to make I
iand warrants assignable, and for other purposes," !
may be disposed of by insisting upon the amend- j
ments of the House thereto, and asking for a com- •
mittee of conference. And upon that I ask the i
previous question. I
By general consent, the bill was then taken up |
and read by its title, as above reported. |
The SPEAKER. What is the gentleman's 1
motion > i
Mr. JONES. My motion is, that the House !
insist upon its amendments, non-concurred in by
the Senate, and ask for a committee of conference.
The question was then taken, and the motion I
■was agreed to. Messrs. Jones, of Tennessee, !
Briggs, and Bissell, were appointed the confer- ,
ees on the part of the House. i
CLAIMS OP NORTH CAROLINA. j
Mr. STANLY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill, of which previous notice had been 1
given, entitled "A bill to refund to the State of ! New Voik.
North Carolina the amount of money advanced,
and the transportation furnished to volunteers
from that State during the late war with Mexico;"
which was read a first and second time by its : modification
title, and referred to the Committee on Military , I fYls0'the 1
Affairs.
other purposes," approved March 3, 1825; which
was read a first and second tune by its title, and
lefeired to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. S. I wish to submit certain joint resolu-
tions from the Legislature of the State of Ohio,
which I ask may be read.
[Cries "No1" "No!" "No!"]
Mr. STANTON. I move that they be laid on
the table and be printed.
Mr. CARTTER. What is the title? Let it
be read.
The title of the resolutions was then read, as fol-
lows: " Resolutions requesting our Senators and
Representatives m Congress to secure an appro-
piiation for the construction of' a ship-canal at the
Falls of St. Maiie." Th e resolutions weie then
j ordered to lie on the table and be piinted.
Mr. ROBBINS. [ wish to inquire if Senate
bill No. 185 is upon the Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER, it is.
Mr. ROBBINS. If it is in order, I move that .
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce. 1
Mr. HART. J object. J
The SPEAKER. It is objected to, and can-
not be referred. j
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. There are a
number of Senate bills of importance upon the
table, and I hope the House will permit all of them
to be referred.
Mr. HART. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to present a series of resolu-
tions adopted by a meeting m Philadelphia of old
soldiers of the war of 1812, and that they may be
read for the information of the House.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. FLORENCE. But one word. The reso- ]
lutions are from a meeting of soldiers of the war j
of 1812, asking a grant of one hundred and sjxfy '
acres of bounty lands. * ;
Mr. PHELPS. I object. j
Mr. FLORENCE. I will withdraw my prop-
osition to read them, and move that they be re- .
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. i
[Cries of <{I object!" " I object''']
Mr. FLORENCE. Then "I will
motion to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. CARTTER,
The House then adjourned.
fiQ nthnr  rV, *"" "1^,uu U1 * ■ C. Albright and
W othe em/en* of Guernsey- eountv. Ohio, proving for the
establishment of the bridges of the Whotjlinar and Belmont
BrifLe Compan\ as po^ road*, and that tli'-y remain at
then- pr^eur height, &r.
AI-<>. the petition of J. R Morale and 43 other citizen-,
of Havne county, Ohio, pia>ma that certain nliv-ieiam
cmplovnil in the late war ivitli Mexico mav he eutitk-il to
flip he tit-tit of the invalid pension laws,, and the ldvvs regu-
iatinijf e\tia pay, now in toice.
Ly 3Jr. FOtt LER : The petition of Martin Winsor and
'l merchants, s,lnpm«infers, and others, in the towns of
MixbuO and Kington, Massachusetts, piayuur for an ap-
pi'opri-ition from the Treasury of the United States for the
improvement of the hai bor of Scituate, in tiie State ofMa*-
cachu-nttv.
AIm\ tile petition of several in-jiiranpe companies and
port tvaiden*. ot Boston, praying for an approbation from
the Ikmh!!} for the improvement of the harbor of Scitu-
ate Ma-^achuseits.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 5, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to suspend the execu-
tion of the order by which this day is set apart for
the consideration of private bills, for one hour. I
will state that my object in doing so, is to ask the
Senate, during' the morning hour, to take up a bill
which ought to have passed long since, to enable
officers wiio were in California between the time
-of the treaty of peace and the establishment of
the State constitution to settle tiieir accounts.
The motion was agreed to.
renew my
harbor pill.
Mr. S. also, bv umimmons consent, introduced !
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
making appropriations for the improvement of
certain rivers and harbors; which was read a first ,
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commeictf.
PETITIONS?, &c.
The following petitions, iiK-morials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and lefeired to tin; oppiopnate committees :
Bv Mr MOREHEAD: Thf mcmonal of Philip Kennci,
assistant inaishal ot the (h^tuctoi Xoith Carolina, a.-king
an increase of compensation foi services rendeicdin taking
the lute census.
By Mi. JONES, of Pennsylvania: The resolution? of tho
Legislatuie of Pennsylvania, renionstiating asamt-t tiv de-
stiuction of the Mint at Philadelphia and the removal to
"*Te\v Voik.
Also, tin: ressolutions of the Legislature of Peunsvlvania,
lecommetidins an appro|ii:ation lor aslup-canal aro'uud tlie
Fdh-s of the J^ault tfte Alaiic.
Also, thp petition of Levi Wunder and 35 others, for a
of the tauJV.
esolution^ ot the Legislature of Penns\lvania.
asking an appreciation for harhois m the river Delaware.
Bv Mi. FLORENCE: Resolutions of the Geneiol As-
sembly of the Htate of Pennsylvania, relative to the pro-
posed lemoval of the United States Mint tioni the city of
Philadelphia to the city of New Yoik.
.Al.^o, the memonai of Charles W. Canoll. James C.
Bigbj, Henry \V. Simp^n, and 31 othei*. citizens of the
count)'of Philadelphia, piaying for the extension of the
Woodworth patent roi p!ainn<> hoaids, &c.
By Mr. EDGEitTON : The petitions of citizens of Allen
and Yua Wait counties. Ohio, ior a mail route from Vmd-
DRY DOCKS, BASINS, AND RAILWAYS.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 20th ultimo, copies of
contracts for the construction of dry docks, basins,
and railways, at Kittery, Philadelphia, and Pen-
sacola; and also a copy of the contract for a float-
ing sectional dock at San Francisco,in California.
The Secretary also stated, in farther reply to the
resoluuon, that no advertisement was made invit-
ing proposals for the work last named; and that in
the view of the Department none was required by
the original law upon the subject, approved Sep-
tember 2*2d, 1850.
The communication was laid upon the table, and
a motion to print was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
military contributions in california*
Mr. HUNTER. T ask the general consent of
the Senate to take up a bill in addition to, and
;• amendatory of, an act entitled "An act to provide
for the settlement of the accounts of public officers
\ and others who may hove received moneys arising
i from military contributions or otherwise in Mex^
ico," approved 3d March, 1849. This is a bill,
' the passage of which is necessary in order to en-
1 able the officers to settle their accounts with the
Government, and pay into the Treasury what bal-
ances may be in their hands. I hope the Senate
will take it up, and I think it may be disposed of
in a short time.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole.
The Committee on Finance propose a substitute
for the bill, which consists of six sections.
The first &eetion proposes to enact that all the
provisions of the act, u to provide for the settle-
ment of the accounts of public officers and others,
who may have received moneys arising from mili-
tary contributions or otherwise in Mexico," ap-
proved March 3d, 1849, be applied to any officer
of the Army or Navy of the Umted States, or any
other person or persons appointed by, or acting
under the authority of, any such officer or officers,
who may have received moneys raised and collected
in Upper California or New Mexico for contribu-
\
\
