1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
In' addition to the foregoing, the 4th Regiment of In.an-
' try, (ten companies,) and ninety Dragoon recruits, making
probably nine hundred men, are now assembling at Fort
©6lurabus,in the harbor of New York, preparatory to ein-
- barkation for the Pacific—a portion to proceed by the
' £a.nama route, and th« remainder around Cape Horn.
• I tra, *Jr, 'cry respectfully, your obedient servant,
. R. JONES, Jldjutant General.
— Hon. J. B. WaiiLBH, United States Senate,
Washington, I). C.
' I regret that a portion of these troops have been
sent, around Cape Horn, as four or five months
.must'necessarily elapse before they can reach the
.field of labor. After they shall have arrived, with
the troopa reported to be already there, a sufficient
.'force, 1 trust, will be found to give the necessary
protection; provided authority is given, as I have
already said, to accept the services of the militia
when the public exigency requires. In my opin-
ion, a larger proportion of dragoons should have
been sent out, as they would have been found
much more effective than infantry. I must also
be permitted to express a doubt whether the force
reported is correct. In my opinion, there cannot
now be more than six hundred effective troops in
the State. The State of California has already
*> expended more than a million of dollars in pro-
... tecting the inhabitants agamst the depredations of
the Indians, in giving that protection which you
should have given. Whether the fault has been
with the legislative or executive department, or
both, I will not now undertake to determine. Be
this as it may, I sincerely hope there may be no
cause of complaint in the future. We have only
asked that the protection which you extend to your
. people elsewhere should be extended to us. We
ask no more—it cannot be expected that we would
be satisfied with less.
Now, although I would not withdraw the Indian
agents from that State, because, under a different
system, they may accomplish some good; yet foi
the protection of our people, and the preservation
of peace, \ prefer seeing additional troops sent out.
For the safety of the frontier, I would depend
much more upon cartridges, than upon beef.
The resolution, after a verbal correction, was
agreed to.
new post route.
Mr. HAMLIN submitted tlfe following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po<?t Office and
Post Roads be directed to inquire into tho expediency of
establishing a post route from Aurora, m the county of
. Hancock, Statu of Maine, to township No. Thiity-Three, m
said county.
canal across florida.
Mr, MALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate such information as he may
possess relative to the practicability of poustructmg a canal
across the peninsula of Fionda, including the icMilta of
any surveys that may have been made by olftcei-i of the
United State* upon the pciunsuia, having a beaiwg upon
tiiis subject.
Reserved lands in arkansas.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to postpone all
• prior orders, for the purpose of taking up House
bill entitled " An act to release from reservation
and restore to the mass of public lands certain
lands in the State of Arkansas."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think we are hardly
prepared to legislate upon that question under
existing circumstances.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg that the Senator
from Kentucky will not make any objection to
taking up that bill. It is one that has heretofore
been under consideration, and was postponed in
consequence of a difference of opinion between
myself and the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands, [Mr. Felch,] as to the effect of the
amendments proposed by the committee. The
bill has reference to a small remnant of military
reserves in the State of Arkansas, and embraces
but a small class of settlers upon them. I have
the opinion of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office in its favor; and as it is not a matter
of general interest, I think itcan as well he decided
now by the few Senators who are here, as at
any other time. It was only postponed for the
purpose of obtaining the information which I have
received from the Commissioner, and I have the
authority of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lgtnds for saying that this information be-
ing obtained from the Commissioner of the Land
Office, he would withdraw his objection, and not
insist upon the amendments. As I have obtained
the opinion of the Commissioner, which is favor-
able to the view which I took, I hope the Senator
from Kentucky will not urge his objection to the
consideration t f the bill at the pjesenttimein con-
sequence of the small number of Senators present.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will make no objec-
tion.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Then I aslr that the bill
may be now taken up.
The motion to postpone the special orders for
the purpose of takingup the bill was agreed to,and
the Senate proceeded to ita consideration as in
Committee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the several tracts of land
in the State of Arkansas, heretofore reserved for
the satisfaction of military bounties under the war
of 1812, and which now remain undisposed of, be
released from such reservation and restored to the
mass of public lands, to be disposed of in the
same manner as any other unoffered public land:
Provided, That the person who may, at the date I
of the act, be an actual settler on any one of said
tracts, and who but for the reservation thereof
might have claimed the right of preemption thereto
under the act of 4th September, 1841, be author-
ized to enter the same, or any subdivision thereof,
upton making proof of said right, and paying the
minimum price per acre, within a year after the
passage of this act, or prior to the day fixed for
the public sale of the tract; and that all sales of
said land, or locations thereof by military war-
. rants (other than those of the war of 1^12) which
have been inadvertently permitted to be made, and
which are in all other respects fair and regular,
except as embracing reserved land not offered at
public sale, be confirmed, and patents thereon
which have issued, shall be as legal and valid as if
said Luid had been released from reservation and
! offered at public sale prior to such sales or loca-
j tions; and also, that all of said warrants which
have not been satisfied, may be located on any of
the public lands not subject to private entry at the
time of the location of the same.
The amendments proposed by the Committee
on Public Lands were as follows:
Insert after the word " thereof," in the fifteenth
line, the words " not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres," so as to limit the amount which a
person might be authorized to enter to that num-
ber of acres.
Strike out the words, " within a year after the
passage of this act, or," and strike out the third
section of the bill, as follows:
"Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted. That all of said
wairants winch have not been satisfied, may be located on
any of the public lands subject to pnvate entry at the tune
of the location of the same."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That brings up the point
of difference between myself and the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Felch,]
|j who, I regret to see, is not now m his seat.
;i When the subject was under consideration by
lj the Senate on a previous occasion, it was post-
!i poned because that Senator apprehended—as did
|! the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Huntjck] also—
'i 1 believe, that the bill was defective in several
lj particulars; and I insisted then that the amend-
:j merits proposed by the Senator from Michigan
'j would not alter the legal effect or force of the bill,
l' On account of that difference of opinion, the bill
• ' was referred to the Committee on Public Lands;
i| and I have since obtained from the Land Office
:! the views of the Acting Commissioner, m a com-
[| munication, in which he shows that the amend-
ments were entirely unnecessary, and that they
!i do not alter the legal force or effect of the bill, and
do not impair its adaptation to answer the pur-
\\ poses contemplated. On the contrary, that they
!' would probably cause an embarrassment in the
!i Land Office in relation to the known rules of con-
]i struction which obtain there.
'j I ask that that communication may be read,
j! It was accordingly read, as follows:
General Land Office, June 17,1852.
J Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of
your letter of the Hth instant, inclosing House bill No,
ij 23b, with three amendments thereto, as proposed by the
j! Committee on Public Lands of the Senate.
P You advert to a communication recently addressed to
, ; you in reference to the second of the three amendments re-
jj ferred to, and you now desire the opinion of tins office as
;j to the other two.
j> In reply to your query a? to the first one, I have to state,
ij the words proposed to be inserted are not deemed necessary
1. to limit tho preompuon to one hundred and sixty acres, or
to a regular quarter section containing as near that quantity
as pracucabie. The tract authorized to be entered, is that
which the party might have acquired under the preemption
law of 4th September, 1841, or any subdivision thereof, and
that law allowed a quarter section, or by legal subdivisions
a quantity not to exce.edone hundred and sixty acres. The
insertion of the words might indeed embarrass the privi-
lege, where the particular quarter section claimed should
contain, as is sometimes the case, on the north or west'of
townships, a small number of acres beyond one tundred
and sixty.
The third amendment, the striking out of the third sec-
tion of the hill is not ,deemed essentially necessary, nor
would it change the effect of the bill. This third section,
it is presumed, was inserted in the House, prior to the pas-
sage of the act of 22d March last, it being prior to thattimo
ahsolutelynecesj-ary to the accomplishment of the object
manifestly intended by it, hecausev, prior to the 22d March
last, the location of any military warrant was prohibited on
any land which had not been offered at public sale priot to
3d March, 1851. The retention of this third section would
be a mere reonactment of existing provisions of law, and
therefore unnecessary, but it could not" dispense with, re-
peal, or modify," any of those provisions.
With much respect, your obedient servant,
JOHN WILSON, Acting Commissioner.
To Hon. W. K. Sebastian, United States Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That removes all doubt
as to the necessity for the adoption of the amend-
ments, and establishes the propositions for which
I have contended, that the" amendments but cor-
rect the phraseology without affecting the sub-
stance of the bill.
Now, in reference to the question which comes
up, upon the proposition to concur in the amend-
ments of the Committee on Public Lands, I
have simply to say, that the letter which has been
read shows that the amendments reported by the
committee are entirely unnecessary, and as such,
scarcely constitute a sufficient reason for sending
the bill back to the House of Representatives,
where, it is probable, in consequence of many
contingencies that may arise, it will not pass this
session.
I have now to ask that the Senate will not con-
cur in the amendments as proposed; and that I
may have the bill put on its passage. We shall
thus be enabled to avoid a delay which can bring
no useful results, but may be followed by conse-
quences which 1 am anxious to avoid.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am compelled to differ
with my friend from Arkansas. The Acting
Commissioner of Public Lands has not referred
in his communication to that one of the amend-
ments which proposes to strike out of the bill the
words " within a year from the passage of this
act" 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Underwood] will allow me, I will
say that when the bill was formerly under con-
sideration, this very subject was mooted between
myself and the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands. I obtained a letter, which has not
been read here, but which is adverted to in the
letter from the Acting Commissioner of the Public
Land Office, and in which the Commissioner states
that he will construe this bill in accordance with
the views presented by the chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Felch] on that occasion. That letter
I handed to that gentleman, and it is now on the
files of the Committee on Public Lands. I cannot,
therefore, produce it, but it states that the con-
struction which the bill must receive will be pre-
cisely the same as would be obtained by the adop-
j tion of the amendment to which the Senator from
i Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] has alluded. As I
have said, I submitted the letter to the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands, [Mr. Felch;]
he professed himself to he satisfied, and said that
if I would get a letter embracing all the other
amendments he would agree to it. That accounts
for the letter not being here.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That accounts for the
letter not being here, but does not constitute a
reason why the amendments proposed by the com-
mittee should not be adopted. All these amend-
ments were considered in the committee, and this
! about which there is nothing said in the letter from
i the Acting Commissioner, which has just been read,
j was considered a very important one, unless you
j determine to enter upon a system of not requiring
| payments to be made immediately you perceive
! that this proposes to give ^twelve months before
j proceeding to the sale of the lands. We proposed
to strike out that because it is the introduction of
an entirely new feature, and no promise of a de-
partment to construe the bit! in a particular way,
can get over the plain meaning of the English lan-
guage. I am surprised, therefore, that the Acting
