676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March o,
lions, penalties, internal assessments, duties, or j
other objects, from the commencement of the
late war with the Republic of Mexico, to the
]2t.li day of November, 1849, (.the day on which
the collector of customs for the district of Upper
California entered upon the discharge of his
duties, under the act extending the revenue law?
of the United States over that country,) and
each and every such officer or other person shall
account for, settle, and pay into the Treasury
of the United States, for general purposes, any
balances of moneys shown to be in lus hands.
And upon such settlement, made in conformity
with the requirements of the provisions of the
act before referred to, such persons shall become
entitled to the compensations and allowances
authorized by that act, except as hereinafter pro-
vided. And on failure to account for or pay over
any moneys leceived by them, the said otiicers or
other persons shall he liable to the penalties im-
posed by-existing laws, m (he case of disbursing
officers of the United Stateswiio neglect or refuse
to account for money drawn from the Treasury;
provided that all paper?, vouchers, or other docu-
ments connected with the levying or collecting of
any such money, shall be filed with the amounts
rendered for settlement by any officer or other |
person referred to in the act. j
The second section provides that compensation ,
may be allowed to any commanding; officer of the j
army in California who collected duties in that j
country after the late treaty of peace with Mexico
and before the 12th day of November, 1849, not
exceeding the compensation now allowed by law
to the collector of the district of Upper California;
said compensation to include the pay and emolu-
ments of such officer of the army.
The third section provides that when accounts
are rendered for expenditures under the approval
and sanction of the proper officers for the support
of the actual government of California, after the
ratification of the treaty of peace, and before the
formation of the Stale government, and which'
expenditures may appear to have been proper
and necessary, though not authorized by any law
of the United States, the said accounts may be
credited to the proper person or persons m the
settlement of their accounts, if approved by the
President of the United iStates.
By the fouith section it is proposed to authorize
the accounting officers of the Treasury lo credit
the proper officers with any sum or sums of
money paidor advanced by them fur defraying the
expenses of the Convention of California'to form
a State constitution, provided that the same shall
not exceed the sum of $ ; and also to ciedit
the proper persons with the sum „r sums of
money advanced or paid by them tor the relief of
the destitute cueilanil emigrants to California
under the authority of Hie oifiier i.lnef in < om-
malld of the army in California; provided l!ie
same shall not ev'ceed the sum of $1 •>.->,000, and
that vouchers shall be produced for the amounts
paid.
By the liflh section the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is directed to cause proper defense to be made
to any suit or suits at law now pending, or that,
may be hereafter instituted, against the person or
persons who acted in the capacity of collector of
ihe customs at San Francisco or elsewhere on the
Pacific coast, under the military authorities of the
United Stales prior to the tune when the duly ap-
pointed collector entered upon tiie collection of the
revenues at the poi t of San I'Yancisro, nod ^ 
be appropriated tiieretbr.
The sixth section provides tiiat of the moneys '
collected ill tile ports now embraced within the
limits of the State of California us duties upon
foreign imports, that the sum of $300,000 be paid
to that State, to he applied to the expenses of the
State government piior to the admission of Cali-
fornia into the Union os a State.
Mr. HUNTER, Mr. President, this is a hill
which was drawn up with a great deal of care by
,he Senator fromMaryland, [Mr. P^arce,] whose
absence now 1 regret, m order to provide for two
objects; each of which presented questions which
were complicated in their character. The one was
to enable the officers to settle the accounts which .'
arose out of transactions between the treaty of
peace and the time when the collector went'into i
California under the laws of the United States-
and the other was U, make some provision in rein- !
lion to what is called the civil fmi(l (Jf California
l that is to say, the fund winch was collected from
| the duties on imports between the period of ratjfi-
j cation of the treaty of peace and the appearance
i of ihecollecioi under the laws of the United States,
j In relation to the first, the provisions of this hill
| have been based upon the law approved March 3d,
; 1849, which provided for the settlement of the ac-
] counts of officers who collected moneys in the
; territories of Mexico during the war. The pro-
i visions of that act, so far as they are applicable to
. this case, have been adopted. And upon the same
i principles the Secretary of the Treasury is directed
to settle the accounts of officers who collected
. moneys after the ratification of the treaty of peace
1 and.before the appearance of the collector under
i the laws pf the "United States—a period to which
' the law of 1849 does not refer.
This bill had also to provide for some other
things arising out of the peculiar state of the case
in California during that period; that is to say,
1 after the treaty of peace and before the establish-
. ment of the State government. There was then
1 no regularly organized government, according to
1 law; but there was a provisional government,
which was put to some necessary expense in order
; to maintain the peace of society. The commit-
[ tee, in considering the question, came to the con-
i elusion that it was proper to recognize this as a
! government de facto; that, as self-preservation is
, the first law of nature in reference to individuals,
j so also every society had a right, higher than ail
| others, to protect itself against anarchy, and to
i establish some government—a government de
\ facto, if such an institution should be necessary
! for that purpose. They were also of opinion
! that, so far as the transactions of this govern-
| mentdc facto were necessary in order to preserve
ji the peace and order of society, the validity of its
I. transactions should be recognized and its expenses
j, paid. Beyond that—that is, beyond the strict ne-
! cessity of the ease—it is obvious that they could
I not hind either the State of California or the Uni-
i ted States. The bill accordingly provides that
: these expenses shall be paid upon such vouchers
■ and upon such a statement of the case as shall
. seem to be satisfactory m the discretion of the
President of the United States. We were obliged
to leave a large discretion to the President, in order
to have these accounts settled.
The bill also provides that the relief which was
i given by the commanding general to the overland
1 emigrants, amounting to some hundred and twenty
■ thousand dollars, which General Smith caused to
he furnished them in order to save them from star-
; vation, should be paid. AH of these expenses will
| be covered by, and, indeed, have probably been
| paid out of the civil fund, as it is called.
There was, also, another question—indeed I
■ may say there were two questions—of grave im-
i purtance, which arose out of the charactei of this
cud fund itself. The civil fund was the money
; collected from duties between the time of the
treaty of peace and the appearance of the United
States collector at San Francisco, ft was collect-
- ed by order of the government de facto. The first
j! order was issued, 1 believe, by Governor Mason.
, This civil fund was collected, as I said before, by
order of the de, facto government, and not under
, any law of the United States. The merchants
who paid the duties have claimed that they ought
to be returned io them, because they were made
to pay them without the authority of any law of
the United States. When the case was examined
the committee came to this conclusion: That if the
1 merchants insisted upon the strict execution of the
i law, as there was no law establishing a port of
entry there, they would have forfeited the whole
, amount, of the goods by introducing them there;
and that therefore it was a boon and a benefit
ottered to them by the de facto government when
they were permitted to enter the goods upon the
same terms as such goods might have been en-
teced elsewhere in the United States, and that they
therefore could not claim thorn in equity or m strict
Jaw.
The State of California took another view of the
question. They seemed to think that the govern-
ment of California was entitled to this civTl fund,
because these moneys were collected without the
authority of United States law. The tax was
paid by the consumer, because the merchants
made it out of fhem by the increased price of the
goods. The committee did not agree m the view
of the question taken by the State of California.
It seemed to them, recurring to the same principle
of settling it, that if the government de f-xlo had
, pursued stiict law, rather than have acted accord-
i ing to the necessity of the case, and the existing
: state of things, as there was no law making any
of the ports of California ports of entry, thejrooda
* could not have been brought in at all. But the
i| Governor de facto relaxed the laws of the United
Ii States so far as they forbade goods to be entered
' in California, there being no port of entry there,
r This relaxation was for the benefit of ihe people
i of California—indispensable, indeed, to their very
existence—and it was effected m smch a m.inner a^
. to make their action sympathize with the federal
' system, so as to place them precisely in the same
(' condition in relation to duties, that the p^o^lo of
■ the United States were placed in elfewhnv In
other words, the duties were imposed by rue gov-
ernment de facto to meet the necessities of * he peo-
ple of California, and to meet them in such man-
ner as might be consistent with the federal system
i to which those peoplebelonged. But in consider-
ation of the fact that California had no outfit in
' the way of public buildings, such a? are usually
. furnished to theTerritories before they are admitted
into the Union as States, the committee reported a
provision to pay the State of California £,300,000,
, a sum which the civil fund will more than cover
by way of outfit. To this, the Senator from Cal-
: ifornia [Mr. Gwin] objected, I believe he would
■ now object to it but for the fact that it is necessary
: to adopt the other provisions of the bill, m order
! to get these accounts settled. He has, however,
; agreed to withdraw his objections to this hill; and
I believe there is now a general concurrence on the
1 part of the committee in the wish that the hill
j should be passed through as soon as possible, in
' order that these accounts may be settled, and this
troublesome subject may be put in the way of ad-
' justment.
' The substitute, as reported by the com/nttee,
, was then agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. 1 am not going to detain the
I Senate. T only wish to say, that on su.ne future
occasion I shall combat the reason given by the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, as the
organ of the Finance Committee, for witholdin^
; the whole of this civil fund from the State of Cal-
ifornia. I want this bill to pass; it is propei that
the accounts of the officers who collected tins money
! should be settled; and I therefore waive my obj8«"
tions to the last section of the bill f.u- ihe present
The bill was reported to the Senak- as amended.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the first blank—-
I, that in the fourth section—was filled with the sum
! of $86,600; so that the section would read. "tb*i,
£ in the settlements of the accounts afr>i esaid, the a-'-
' counting officers of the Treasury be and they arc
' hereby authorized and required to credit the prop'-r
, 'officers with any sum or sums >>f money mud
| ' or advanced by {hem for defraying the expense*
; ' of the convention of California, eai'ed to form t 
i * State constitution, provided that Ihe saim* shall
4 not exceed the sum of $86,600.55
, On the motion by Mr. HUNTER, the blank in
1 the fifth section was filled with $10,000; so that
that sum shall be appropriated for the payment of
the defence of any suits which may be brought
! to recover the revenues collected at ,S:n Francisco
between the time of the ratification . f ihe tr?r.'T-
of peace and tiie arrival of the colh-cror of thV
United States.
Theamendmentof rho Committee oi i
as thu<? modified, was agreed io by lh._
Mr CHASE. I would like to rnakr-
or two of the chairman of the Con
nance in legard to this hill. If I r
section aright, it proudes that the ex.^nses of :hc
conventioii for framing t lie constitution of Califor-
nia, shall he paid out of the Treasury m some hum.
The fifth section suggests, at all ev"< ms, that puns
are pending, or may be brought, m recovei rhr
duties which have been paid mto the Treasui \, and
! aie known by the name of the c.\.l fund. The
sixth section provides that out of .hi.-? civil fond
there shall be paid over to the State of Cnhfcrni.i
the sum of $300,000. I should like to knmy from
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, whetht-i
it is in contemplation not merely to pay the ex-
penses of the convention which framed tiie consti-
tution of California, but also to pay out of tin-
Treasury to that State the sum of $300,000: an-1
yet leave theTreasury exposed to suits which ma y
lie brought by individuals to ier.o\c;- thin identn.d
ie Who'! ,
• an inquiry
■ttee mi I'V
tiie fourth
