2454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
there can"no harm result to the service of the
United States. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from California, as it now
stands, by striking out, the proviso, andinserting
in lieu of it the following:
Provided, That the officers of the medical corps of the
Navy, and pursers, of the Navy, of less thaa twelve years
standing, shall rank with lieutenants; and that medical
officers and pursers of more than twelve years standing
shall rank with commanders, but take no precedence of
commanders: Jlnd provided Jurther, That in no case shall
officers'of either^corps takejmy command over officers of
the line'of the Navy.
Mr. MANGUM. I am inclined to think that
the amendment as proposed by the Senator from
Florida is right. I am for this measure, and shall
vote for it at the proper time. But I desire now
to make this remark: it is almost two o'clock; we
have a large amount of business to do, and if gen-
tlemen will persist in assuming that?other gentle-
men cannot understand these subjects without
undertaking to enlighten them with their counsels,
we shall never get through this bill.^We ought
now to be in Executive session. There are ques-
tions of great importance to be considered in Ex-
ecutive session, and it will require pretty hard
workjfor us to get'through with them before the
hour of adjournment. 1 know there have been
occasions when the Senate have sat in Executive
session for hours after the time fixed for the ad-
journment, but I understand that the present
President of the Senate considers that he is bound
to adjourn the Senate at twelve o'clock to-morrow,
no matter whether it is in Executive or open ses-
sion. Therefore, if we do not stop these debates
and bring this and other bills to a close, we sh$U
be left with half of our business unfinished.
Mr. SHIELDS. Notwithstanding the admo-
nition of my friend from North Carolina, I want to
say two or three words. This system that has
prevailed in the Army, has given rise to a great
deal of confusion, and the whole subject will have
to be regulated over again. In all cases where
rankjs given, power is presumed, and they act
upon that, and refuse to obey officers with actual
power and rank, but whose grade is inferior to
their own. ;In some other services they have, as
a matter of etiquette, given the staff corps an hon-
orary peiference, and that is what is intended in
our service, but by giving the rank we have
thrown the subject into confusion. I think this
proposition ou^ht to lie over until there is time to
regulate the whole subject.
The amendment of Mr. Mallory, to the
amendment of Mr. Gwin, was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 10, noes 18.
Mr. HALE. I want to make one suggestion
to the Senate, and^it is this: The Senator from
Florida says he has got a bill prepared regulating
this whole matter. It is but three months until
the next session of Congress. I am a friend to
some of these improvements, but I think it is ill
time Jo be putting all these measures on this bill.
Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment as amended; and they were or-
dered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays
20; as foJiows;
YEAS—IVJessrs. Atchison, Badger, Bellj Borland, Brod-
hoad, Ca^s, Clarke, Clemens, (,'ooper, Davis, Douglas,
Downs, Fis-h, Geyer, Gwin, Hamlin, Houston, Mallory,
Mangum,Meriwether,Miller, Morton, Norris,Pratt, ttu&k,
Sewaid, Smith, tfpruance, Toucoy, and (Tj>ham—30.
NAYS—Me^rs. Adaun, Bayaid. Bright, Butler, Daw-
son, De Suuj.sinf, Dodge of YVi*c6ii*m, Dodge of Iowa,
F'*ich, Foot, Hale, [junter, James, Jones of Jovva, Iving,
Mason, Pearce, Shields-, Underwood, and Wade—20.
So it was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Skc. —Jlnd be it further enacted, That all paper used
by (lit- public printer for the space of sixty dnjs? fiom tins
date shall he furnished by him at cost, and shall be of the
quality and description specified 111 the law passed at this
•seoion ot Congress.
Mr. President, I am very sensible that this
amendment is not very pertinent to this bill, but
Jet me say to the Senate that by the bill regu-
lating the public jmming which passed Congress
a few days since, it is provided that the Superin-
tendent ssImII gi>-e sixty days'notice before he shall
make purchase of arty paper. Therefore, if this
amendment be not adopted we can have no public
punting for sixty days to come. I therefore pro-
pose to authorize the public printer to purchase
his own paper for sixty days, and to furnish it at
cost.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have an amendment to offer as
an additional section, which I admit is not very
appropriate, but I hope it will be adopted:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and hf  is hereby authorized, in addition to
ordinary steamboat service on the Potomac, to contract
with the Washington and Fredericksburg Steamboat Com-
pany for an efficient ice-boat or ice-boats being kept up for
the conveyance of the mail during the winter months:
Provided, The additional expense to be incuncd by the
Department for keeping up such ice-boat or ice-boats shall
not exceed $20,000 per annum.
This amendment is in precise conformity with
the joint resolution introduced by the honorable
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] at an
early day in the session. The Postmaster Gen-
eral desires to have this authority, and everybody
knows the difficulty there is when the river is
blocked up with ice during the winter of getting
our mails regularly.
Mr. CASS. *If the honorable Senator will strike
out the name of the steamboat company, I will
agree to it.
Mr. RUSK. This company has the contract
for carrying the mails, and of course it is the only
one which^can be employed.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment to offer,
which is a singular one to offer here, as it is to
save money instead of spending it. I am afraid
that such an amendment will not commend itself
to the favor of the Senate, but I will offer it:
Seo.—. Jind be it further enacted, That no estimate or
appropriation of money in any bill making appropriations
tor the naval service shall authorize the payment of any
increased pay, allowance, or compensation in any form
whatever, lieyond the amonnt pre&cribcd by law in any
en-c unless there shall be a specific direction for such extra
payment designating the officer or person to whom extra
payment shall he made either in some prior law 01- in the
law making theappropiiation.
If I can have the attention of the Senate for a
single moment I will explain the necessity for this
amendment. In the deficiency bill which passed
both Houses at the present session a more strin-
gent provision than this was incorporated, pro-
viding that extra pay should not be allowed
without a prior specific direction. The First
Comptroller of the Treasury construed that to
mean, that although the law making the appro-
priation directed the payment to an officer he could
not receive it unless there had been some prior
law making provision for it. On account of that
construction of his the Senate concurred in repeal-
ing that clause. I now propose to reenact the
same thing in relation to naval appropriations,
but to make the provision less stringent, so as
to authorize the extra payment, if there is any
provision for it in a prior law or in the law making
the appropriation. The necessity for such a pro-
hibition grew out of the naval appropriations, and
the construction of the Second Comptroller who
considered that such payment might be made not-
withstanding there was 110 law to authorize it, but
he took the simple fact of the appropriation and
the estimates to authorize the payment.
Mr. WELLER. I do not think it is worth
while to attempt by our legislation to suit the fas-
tidious taste of the First Comptroller. The First
Comptroller seems to consider himself the special
attorney employed by the Government of the
United States. From the moment a claim is pre-
sented he racks his brain for the purpose of dis-
covering whether by hook or crook the Govern-
ment can ovoid the payment of it. Instead of
considering himself a judge, ^who is to pass upon
the validity ofclaims presented, he seems to regard
himself as an attorney under obligation to his cli-
ent to exculpate him from the difficulty if he can.
I only desired to say this much, for I have had
some experience in the settlement of accounts with
the First Comptroller of the Treasury.
Mr. HALE. 1 concur to some extent in what
the Senator says, but we have humored the whim
of the First Comptroller so far as to repeal the re-
striction wl'ich was inserted in the deficiency bill.
We repealed it because the Comptroller, in apply-
j no- it, gave what Iconsider an absurd construction.
as we have repealed that clause, I do not
wnntW'ieave 'he door altogether open, and inas-
much as the decision of the Second Comptrol-
ler monev ''*** beea Pald wlthout aI)y direction by
law, but limp,/ 1 * 10 P«
this provision into^
Mr. BADGER. I would ask the Senator from
New Hampshire whether his amendment was
drawn by the Pirst Comptroller ?
Mr. HALE. It was not.
Mr. BADGER. Then I would suggest to the
Senator that he had better withdraw it, and let the
matter stand until the next session, because very
probably it will be found to be labor thrown away.
At the next session the Senator can apply to the
Comptroller, and get him to say what kind of a
provision he will consider as producing a certain
result; otherwise this will be time entirely thrown
away.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire had better withdraw his amendment
until there is time for more examination. This is
a question of general legislation, and perhaps it
ought not properly to be placed on an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. HALE. I think the amendment is right;
and as I do not want the Treasury to be plundered
even from now until the next session of Congress,
I must insist on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have another amendment to
offer. I will not say a word about it, but will
simply ask the yeas and nays:
Sec.—. Jind be it further encuted, That all appointments
in the Navy of the United States to any office shall be for
the teutt often years, and that all commissions in the Navy
hereafter conferred shall conform to this piovision.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I have another amendment to
offer. I must discharge my duty. The Senate
can vote my amendments down if they please.
The amendment is:
Rec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all act4?, and
parts of acts, authorizing any greater pav to any officer m
the Navy than is allowed by the act ot March 3d, 1835, be
and the same are hereby repealed.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PEAROE. I move to amend the bill by
striking out the third section, which is in these
words;
" JZrtd be it further enacted y That ft sb-aJl be
lawful for the President of the United? States to appoint
commanders m the Navy as well as captains, for chiels of
the bureaus of navy-yards and doefcs, mid of ordnance and
hydrography, and of erarsfruceioi>, equipment, and repair,'*
Mr. President, if it were admitted that the num-
ber of captains in the Navy was so small, or their
incompetency was so great and so notorious that
proper selections from these officers* could not be
made, I should not make this motion; but we
know that there are sixty-eight captains in the
Navy, and surely that is a field of selection quite
large enough to furnish three competent officers
for these bureaus. If that is not so, then the
whole system had better be abolished, and the
Navy too. But we know very well that among*
these sixty-eight captjftis we have got a score of
men who have great gallantry, great reputation,
and much professional skill. I know very well that
among the commanders in the Navy there are
some of the most accomplished gentlemen, who
are an ornament to their profession. But I fear
that the introduction of this section as it comes
from the House will affect the principle of subor-
dination. I think it is calculated to destroy the
harmonious working of the present system, for
although it is very true that orders to officers of
the Navy will not in all cases issue from these
bureaus, yet it is true that in a great many in-
stances such will be the case. For example, all
the officers in command of our navy-yards are
captains. They receive orders from these bureaus,
I and if the section should be allowed to stand as it
I is, and the President should carry it out by ap-
i pointing a commander under it, the officers in
command of our navy-yards would have to re-
ceive their orders from their subordinates. This
I think is improper. I will not detain the Senate
by any remarks, but every one must see that con-
fusion and dissatisfaction is liable to result if this
provision be retained. I therefore move to strike
it out.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust that the proposition
of theSenator from Maryland will prevail. I have
never heard any good reason assigned for the pro-
vision which is in the bill. Unless it can be shown
that there is not the requisite ability among the
rank of captains, it seems to me to be exceedingly
iujfair to repeal the law which now gives them the
