THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
ecutive business. I will state that there is some
business of an urgent character to be attended to,
•which, will oceupy but a few moments.
Mr. DAVfS. I withdraw my motion.
, .The PRESIDENT. The motion of the Senator
"om Florida, then* comes under consideration.
Mr, MALLORY. I withdraw it.
BRADBURY. I now move to proceed to
the consideration of Executive business.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
-" ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
'* _«nd, after some time spent therein, the doors were
Reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
fion
IK SENATE.
Monday, June 21, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting, in answer to a resolution of
the Senate, a report of Lieutenant Charles H.
Davis, the officer charged with the superintend-
ence of the American Nautical Almanac; which
was ordered to be laid on the table and printed.
LEASING OF ISLANDS ON THE PACIFIC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, a copy of an agreement entered into
by him on behalf of the United States with Alex-
ander G. Abell, by which Mr. Abell is to take
possession of the Island of Santa Cruz, on the
coast of California, in the name of the United
States, and to hold and enjoy it for a year.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make some remarks
on this subject before submitting the motion to
refer the report and accompanying documents to
the Committee on Public Lands.
This system of leasing the property of the
United States, so for as my knowledge extends,
originated in California. 1 have no knowledge of
any exercise of that power by the Executive De-
partment of the Government except in that State.
About five years ago the limits of the city of San
Francisco were largely increased by General
Kearny, who issued an order or edict giving to
the corporate authorities all the lands, or water
lots, in front of what was then the town of San
Francisco. General Kearny had no authority to
make such a disposition of that property; but,
under this order, very important interests grew
up, and the principal business portion of the city
is now situated on this grant.
At the same time he reserved for Government
purposes several squares of the ground—twelve in
number, I believe. Near three years ago, a mili-
tary officer having the control of the Government
there, leased out these reserves—which had in the
mean time become very.valuable—ata merely nom-
inal sum, for the period often years. As soon as
I ascertained that such disposition of this prop-
erty was in contemplation, I denounced it publicly
there, being in the country at the time; and I
stated, that if elected to the Senate, being a candi-
date for that office, 1 would do all m my power to
have these leases, if made, annulled.
To show that this is not the first time I have
acted in this matter, I will bring to the notice of
the Senate what I "said near eighteen months ago,
on the subject of these leases. On the 8th of Jan-
uary, 18oi, the subject under discussion being a
bill to establish a board of commissioners to settle
claims in California, the Senator from Missouri—
not now a member of this body, [Mr. BentonJ—
proposed a substitute to my bill, and which con-
tained^ unconditional grant to the city, of the
land given to San Francisco by General Kearny,
and also these reservations, except so much of
them as was needed for public purposes. Here
is what I then said, as quoted from the National
Intelligencer:
(i In the same {section, all the Government reserves, ex-
cept such a* '"ball he needed for military purposes., or ne-
cessary public building, are gianted to the citv of San
Francisco. I am in lavor of this, also, with the icservation
that pnvate rights shall not he infringed upon by this grant.
A portion of these reserves has been leased for the period
of ten years, by officers of the United States Government
dunngthe de facto government of General Riley. I was
opposed to these leases ; and was, and am, of the opinion
that they never should have been made, I denounced
them when I heard they were in contemplation, and noti-
fied the parties interested that, if elected to the Senate, I
should exertrnyself to have them annulled. On my arrival
In this city, neaily a year ago, I applied to the Secretary
of War to annul these leases. X urged him to act promptly,
that the parties interested might not have time to dispose of
their interest in the same lor a valuable consideration, to
persons ignorant of the transaction, who would have an
equitable claim upon the Government for protection. My
representations were unheeded, and I am now informed
that many hundreds ot persons have made improvements
on these reserves, and have expended vast sums of money
m making these improvements." ' -
1 delivered this speech on the 8th of January,
1851. At that time, I was entirely ignorant that
the leases which had been made, by a military offi-
! cer, for a mere nominal sum of $3,000, when, if
put up at auctiow, they might have been leased for
$300,000, had been confirmed by the Secretary of
the Interior. 1 have not the document now before
me; but the Secretary of the Interior, in the re-
cess, I believe, between the long and the short
session of the last Congress, did ratify these
leases; without giving notice of the fact at the next
I session of Congress, through his report to the
' President, to be laid before Congress. The leas-
ing of these lands for a long number of years, or
of confirming leases made by a military officer,
was an important act, and I knew nothing of it
until it was brought to my attention on my return
to California, a year ago last spring. I was at
first incredulous upon the subject, until the act of
the Secretary was shown to me. One sessio'n of
Congress has passed since the leases were con-
firmed, and we are now in the midst of another,
and this official act of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior has not been laid before us.
As I said, very important interests have grown
up in consequence of the act of General Kearny,in
the making of these leases,-and some of the most
important legislation of the State of California has
resulted from them. Charges of the most injuri-
| ous character have been brought against individu-
' als, on account of the disposition which has thus
been made of the property of the United States.
I now come to the lease of the Island of Santa
Cruz. There are two members of thi  body, and
two members of the House of Representatives,
who are presumed, from the position which they
occupy, to have some knowledge of what will pro-
mote the interests of the State of California, and
protect the public property there; but so far as my
knowledge extends, not one of the delegation from
that State were consulted in regard to this matter.
Incidentally it came to the knowledge of my col-
league, and, if I am not mistaken, he disapproves
of the act of the Secretary. None of the rest of
the delegation knew anything of it.
Mr. WELLER. 1 will state, that the Secre-
tary of the Interior did ask my advice on this
subject, and I advised against leasing that island,
either to an individual or any set of individuals;
but that if the island was wholly unoccupied, I said
that the best course would be to send some of the
officers of the Army of the United States, then on
the Pacific coast, along with a revenue cutter,
' that they might make a reconnoissance of the island
: and report to the Department, and then the De-
partment would be able to act understandingly on
| the subject. But I was utterly opposed to leasing
1 that island to any person for any purpose. I
i thought the Department should have the facts in
j its possession. I never knew anything of the
i lease until after it was made.
| Mr. GWIN. When I ascertained that the
i island had been leased, I collected ail the informa-
' tion I could in regard to it, from the Coast Survey,
i which I shall publish, having learned that some
j of its officers had been taking some observations
: there. It contains some forty-seven thousand acres
! of land, and has a very good harbor, as good as
that of Santa Barbara, and fine water It is situ-
1 ated not a great distance from the coast—about
[ fourteen miles from Santa Barbara;
i Office Coast Survey, )
f washington, June 19, 18o2. \
\ Dear Sir: Om information is somewhat meager in re-
j gard to Santa Cruz Kland. It averages twenty-one miles
j in length, three and a half mile? in breadth, is sixteen miles
j from the main land, and contains seventy-three and one
{ half square miles, oi about foity-seven thousand acres,
j Prisoners' Harbor is a good anchorase in the summer
month*, and is referred to by Lieutenant Commanding Aiden
1 in his sailing directions, as per paper marked A.
I It is probable that some additional information will be
| received from Lieutenant Aldcn, on his return from his
I second trip down the coast.
Yours, &e., ISAAC J. STEVENS,
| •Assistant in charge of Office.
Hon. William M. Gwin, United Slates Senate.
j N. B.—I inclose two sketches—"B" showing Santa
| Cruz Island and Santa Barbara Channel, and " C" Prison-
i er's Harbor,
P. S. The sailing directions for the anchorages at Santa
Cruz, San Simeon, and San Luis Obispo, as they are only
open roadsteads, are comprised in a few words. During
the summer months, say from April to November, anchor
at any convenient distance from the shore; but jn the win-
ter, .anchor far enough out so as to be able to clear the land
to the westward, should a southeaster come up and render
it necessary to slip and go to sea.
In regard to the title, there is no human being
in the world who disputes that of the United
States. It is included within the boundaries of
one of the counties of California. In regard to
the fear expressed in the communicatioii'of the
Secretary, that the subjects of some foreign Gov-
ernment, or some adventurers from our own coun-
try, may get possession of the island, and give
some trouble, I look upon as simply ridiculous.
What foreign Government would come within
fifteen or twenty miles of our coast to take posses-
sion of an undisputed portion of our possessions?
What benefit is it to the United States, that any
individual should gain the exclusive privilege of
taking possession of near fifty thousand acres of
the public domain, when thQ right of property of
the United States there is as safe as in this city—-
in this building? It is said that the island is not
occupied. Neither are the heights of Sierra Ne-
vada, or the Rocky Mountains; and are we in
danger of losing possession of that portion of the
public domain because it is not occupied? I will
not discuss this subject further at this time. I be-
lieve, from what we have seen in the city of San
Francisco, that this initiatory step will lead to dif-
ficulty, and therefore I conceived it to be my duty
to bring the subject immediately before the Sen-
ate; and I intend to make the motion to refer the
communication to the Committee on Public Lands,
with a view to have the lease declared null and
void, and thus put a stop to this mode of disposing
of the public domain of the United States by the
Executive Department of the Government with-
out authority of law.
As to speculators being thwarted, as the Sec-
retary says, by this act of his, I beg leave to differ
with him. I look upon the speculation as all on
the other side. I look upon this thing of giving
one individual a lease for near fifty thousand
acres of the public domain on an island in one of
the most delightful latitudes in the world, with a
perpetual spring, a good harbor, and a very plen-
tiful supply of water, as one of the most mam-
moth speculations of the day. Any one conver-
sant with the public sentiment in California at
this time, must know that there are thousands
and tens of thousands of Chinese in that State,
and going there, who are or may be prohibited
from working in the mines, and an individual
having such an island as this leased from the Gov-
vernment could, under the authority of that lease,
induce them to go and settle there with him, and
might thus collect thousands of these persons",
and build up a community and interests which
we maybe bound to respect. The anxiety of the
Secretary to put a stop to speculation by thus
leasing the public domain to an individual, and
thereby keeping citizens of the United States
from going there, it seems to me, is founded in
error, and may prove highly mischievous. I do
not. imj ugn the motives of any one connected
with this transaction. I say there is no authority
of law for the exercise of such a power, and it is
a dangerous exercise of power to lease the public
domain without authority of law.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to ask a question for information? When was
the lease first made?
Mr. GWIN. Within a week or ten days. The
moment 1 heard of it, I introduced the resolution.
I want, before anything is done under this law,
that Congress may act to show the individual that
he has no power under it to take possession of
this island. I therefore move that the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SHIELDS presented five petitions of citi-
zens of Illinois, praying that the bill now pending
before Congress, commonly known as the " home-
stead bill," may become a law; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of citizens
of New York; a petition of citizens of Milwau-
kee, Wisconsin; and a petition of citizens of Cosh-
