1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1591
octon r.ounty, Ohio, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as
the " homestead bill," may become a law; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRADBURY presented a memorial of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Cumberland county, Maine, praying to be allowed
additional compensation;'which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. G-WIN presented a memorial of officers of
a committee, appointed by the citizens of Sacra-
mento, to procure and disburse funds for the relief
of emigrants by land to California, praying that
William Waldo may be remunerated for his ser-
vices and expenses in behalf of those emigrants;
which v/as referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASS presented five petitions of citizens of
Wheeling, Virginia, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as
the " homestead bill," may become a law; which
were referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of citizens of Groveland, Mich-
igan, praying that the bill now pending before
Congress, commonly known as the "homestead
bill," may become a law; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, seven petitions of citizens of the city and
county of Philadelphia, protestingagainst any dis-
position of the public lands except in limited quan-
tities to actual settlers; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
seamen's protections and ship's ap-
prentices.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of abolishing the law which
requires seamen to obtain protections; and, also, into the
expediency of requiring vessels employed in theforeisjn and
eoasting trade, to provide themselves with one or more ap-
prentices.
THE ALANTHUS TREE.
Mr. WALKER, by unanimous consent, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a joint resolution
for the removal of the alanthus trees from the pub-
lic grounds and streets of the city of Washington;
which was read a first and second time by its title
and referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill to protect actual set-
tlers upon the land on the line of the Central Rail-
road and branches, by granting preemption rights
thereto; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BROOKE, it was
Ordered, That the representatives of William Scott, de-
ceased, have leave to withdraw their petition and papers.
LINES OF MAIL STEAMERS.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, that fifteen hundred
additional copies of the report of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, in relation to
the establishment of lines of mail steamers be-
tween certain ports in the United States, and be-
tween the United States and foreign countries, be
printed for the use of the Senate, it was
Ordered, That the motion be referred to the Committee
on Printing.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the memorial
of Theodore Whitney, praying to be allowed to
change the location of a tract of land, asked to be
discharged from the further consideration thereof,
and that he have leave to withdraw liis memorial;
which was agreed to.
APPOINTMENT OF A TRUSTEE.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred the me-
morial of Stephen Caldwell, praying for special
powers of sale and settlement, on behalf of the
heirs of Joseph Ball, within the District of Co-
lumbia, have directed me to report a joint resolu-
tion appointing a trustee for the estate of Joseph
Ball, deceased.
The resolution was read a first time, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to consider the resolution at this
time. I presume there will be no objection to it.
The resolution is of such a character that I do not
suppose there will be any objection to it.
The joint resolution was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It declares: That whereas Joseph Ball departed
this life in the city of Philadelphia, in the year
1821, intestate, and without issue, and seized of
certain real estate in the District of Columbia;
and whereas the heirs-at-law of said deceased are
exceedingly numerous, and reside m different and
widely-separated parts of the country, in conse-
quence of which it is almost impossible to obtain
their names or their cooperation in any proceeding
for the division or sale of such real estate; and
whereas much of the estate has already been sold
for the payment of taxes, and lost, in conse-
quence, by adverse possession, and the residue is
in danger of loss, unless some one shall be ap-
pointed trustee for said heirs, and be authorized
to represent them in any legal proceedings: it is,
therefore, Resolved, That it shall and may be law-
ful for Stephen Caldwell, administrator of the es-
tate of Joseph Ball, deceased, or for his success-
ors in said administration, to sell, either at public
or private sale, fop the best price that can be ob-
tained, any real estate in the District of Columbia
which descended from Joseph Ball to his heirs-at-
law at the time of his death; and, as trustee for
said heirs, to make all such contracts and deeds
as may be proper or necessary for the recovery
and sale of the property; and also to represent the
heirs in any proceedings m law or equity which it
may be necessary to institute, prosecute, or de-
fend, in order to maintain the lawful rights of the
heirs of the property: Provided, That Stephen
Caldwell, and his successors in the administration,
shall first give a bond, with sufficient security, to
be approved by the orphans' court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, conditioned for the faithful per-
formance of the trust.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to amend the bill so
as to confine the power to sell at public sales. I
therefore move to strike out the word " either,"
and the words " or private," so that the resolution
will convey power 4< to sell at public sales." I
will merely state that this property lies in the Dis-
trict, and is goingto waste. There is no guardian
for it, and none can be appointed under the law
as it now stands. This resolution proposes to
appoint Mr. Caldwell a trustee to take charge of
the property, under the direction of the orphans'
court, and to dispose of it for the benefit of the
heirs. He is the administrator and the confiden-
tial friend of the deceased. I understand from the
Senator from Pennsylvania, that he is one of the
most honest of men—a man of wealth residing in
the city of Philadelphia; and his sole object is, to
take charge of this property, and dispose of it for
the benefit of the heirs, they being s&ttered all
over the country, and the property going to waste.
Some of it has been sold for taxes, and in a few
years, I understand, it will be worth nothing, un-
less something of this kind is done.
Mr. BADGER. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Illinois, from what committee this
joint resolution comes?
Mr. SHIELDS. From the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. BADGER. It seems to me that it in-
volves much much more serious and important
principles than my friend seems to suppose. I
apprehend that we are now proposing to enter into
an entire new scene of legislation, to undertake
bylaw to appoint guardians or trustees for par-
ticular estates, or under particular circumstances.
I dare say this gentleman is everything my friend
from Pennsylvania represents him to be—a very
worthy, honorable and correct man—a man of
fortune, who will do everything that is right and
proper in the premises. And no doubt a great
many such men could be found. But the difficulty
is, in Congress undertaking by law to appoint a
particular man the guardian or trustee of a particu-
lar estate of a particular individual^ It is in its
nature a judicial power. It is one which I believe
we have no! been in the habit of exercising. I
know no instance in which we have done it. I
think it is not exercised by the State Legislatures,
and their authority over this subject is quite as
large as ours. I would suggest that this would be
setting an evil example. If the powers of the
!; courts of this District are not sufficient to provide
, for cases of this kind, let a law be passed enlarging
those powers. Something, I dare say, would
\\ be proper. But I hope, at all events, that this
ll resolution will be allowed to lie over. I think it
;i too serious an innovation upon the practice of the
!: Government to be hastily acted on.
jl Mr. SHIELDS. After I state the facts, per-s"
,j haps my honorable friend from North Carolina
i' will be able to present some mode of accomplish-
,1 ing the object. I have consulted with some of the
!' lawyers of this District in relation to the matter,
ji and they can furnish no other mode. Mr. Ball
]j departed this life in Philadelphia, intestate. Mr.
; j Caldwell was his friend, and I believe his partner, -
ji enga*ged m the same business, and administered
j! upon his estate. Real estate was found to belong
ij to the deceased in the District of Columbia, but
!' all the heirs could not be found. Some of them
' are in one State, some in another, and some, are
i unknown. They are very numerous. The court
1 here could not appoint a guardian, and had no
I power to appoint a trustee; so that the property
: is without any protection or guardianship what-
t ever. Now the question is, how the property is
j to be taken care of under these circumstances.
The courts in this District, I understand, have no
; power whatsoever to appoint a guardian in the
| absence of heirs who are unknown. I have con-
I suited svith some lawyers of the District in relation
to the subject, and they tell me that this course
ji was pursued before, and that there is no other
1 way of preserving this property from waste, dilap-
ij idation, and destruction.
ij Mr. WELLER. Why can we not pass a
ij single law authorizing the orphans' court to take
j; the necessary steps to preserve this estate? It
seems to me that is all that is necessary.
Mr. BADGER. Make a law in reference to
ail cases similarly situated.
Mr. WELLER. Or letus make agenerallaw,
investing the orphans' court of this District with
II authority to take all necessary steps in order to
!l preserve the estates of distant or absent heirs.
li Mr. SHIELDS. I would state that the only
(''objection to'that course is, that this gentleman,
who has taken upon himself the management of
; i this estate, is a man of character and standing, and
j i has the interest of the orphans more at heart than
li the court can have; and at the same time, he can
!j do nothing without the consent of the court,
ij Mr. WELLER. That is an excellent reason
s| why the orphans' court should appoint him to
;j take charge of it.
!j Mr. COOPER. I am not advised of all the
Ij facts in reference to this case; but I understand
j i that Mr. Caldwell consulted counsel both in Phil-
[ adelphia and here, and that he was advised to this
j; course; and a bill substantially the same, if not
j the very same, as that which is now proposed,
'j was advised. He is a man of the very highest
jl character. I understand that this property is not
if only deteriorating, but that a great portion of it
ij has already been disposed of for taxes, and that
;j more of it will speedily be disposed of, unless some
!| su^h provision is made. I hope that if there be
I no constitutional objection in the way, this joint
i resolution may be passed, investing the adminis-
■ trator with the necessary power to preserve this
!-'property for the heirs, who, as my friend from
;; Illinois has said, are scattered all over the Union,
l and some of them are unknown to the adminis-
| trator, and to those in charge of the personal estate.
;i Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I do not think
jl there is any objection to the general principle of
i this resolution. On the contrary, it seems to me
li that the honorable gentleman from Illinois shows
,i a strong case for legislative interference, but I do
: ; think that the objection raised by my friend from
1; North Carolina, is very substantial in its character,
j that we should not legislate a particular individual
!; into a trusteeship. That is a matter for inquiry
• : and consideration on the hearing of evidence by a
court, and should be settled in couit. It would,
I therefore, seem to me to be much better to leave
! that matter open to the judgment and discretion
ji of the court. In the next place, T thought there
j was another defect in the joint resolution as pro-
jj posed by the Senator from Illinois. He proposes
I to give the power to sell. The power to convey
,i is perhaps implied, but usually in such laws as I
!' have seen, there is an express power given to sell,
I and the pow#r also granted to convey by deed, or
II to execute (feds throughout, by signing, sealing,
