680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
On the raotion of Mr. SEWARD, on account ! for their losses, as it was one of those exigencies
of the absence of the Senator from New Jersey, j, of war which the citizens must themselves sus-
[Mr. Miller,] who introduced this bill, its further ! tain.
 —  1 : In this particular case the claim was based upon
: this ground: The paities were the owners of a
consideration was postponed to Friday next
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR. j
Mr. PRATT. It aeenis to me, Mr. President,
that we are occupying the time of the Senate very J
unnecessarily in reading over all these reports of
cases, on which the several committees have re- .
ported adversely. 1 move that ihe reading of j
these reports be "dispensed with, where there are
no minority reports, and th.it they all be concurred
in at once.
The PRESIDENT. It is indispensable that the
resolutions of the committees should be read, ill
order that the Senate may know what has been
done in each rase.
Mr. PRATT. A !1 those are unfavorable reports,
and I move that -they may all be laid upon the
table, in order that we may proceed to tile Calen-
dar.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 hope not; we will soon get
througk these reports.
The PRESIDENT. It is utterly impossible
for the Chair (o determine which case is lepoittd
upon favorably, or which unfavorably, until the
report be read by the Secretary.
Mr. HADGER. There is 110 adverse report 011
the Calendar, and every private claim 011 the Cal-
endar is a case in which a bill has been reported
for the action of the Senate. If these reports could
be all disposed of at once, we could get along very
well, and I think my friend from Maryland is right
in this respect. The bills we pass have to go to
the House and be acted upon, whereas these re-
ports present no subject for action beyond the
mere concurrence of the Senate in the recommend-
ation of their committees. I think it would be
better to so to the Calendar and take uri the bills. I
The PRESIDENT '
ports are favorable
unfavorable. If it be the pleasure of the Semite
to postpone the consideration of these reports to
take up the Calendar, all very well. The Chan-
can have no objection.
Mr. RUSK. I move that these reports be passed
over, and that the Senate take up the Calendar.
Mr. GW1N. Some of these oases which have
been unfavorably reported upon I desire to test
before the Senate.
The question was then taken 011 the motion to
take up the Calendar, and it was decided in the
' allirmative.
JOHN P. CALLAX.
The Senate then proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to the consideration of the bill for the
leliet of .lolm F. Callan, administrator of Daniel
Renncr, detear cd.
ri'''hc bill provides that the Secretary of the
treasury be authorized to cause the <.l<um of John
F. Callan, administrator and surviving paitner of
Daniel Ilenner, deceased, arising out of the alleged
burning of a rope-walk 111 the city of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia, in the month of Angus",
IMH, to he settled upon principles of justicc°nnd
equity; provided that in 110 case the' sum shall
exceed $6,744.
Mr. BAYARD. I dissented from the views of
the committee as to leportmg that bill. Before it
is sanctioned by the vote of the Senate, I should
like to have a former report read. This claim was
belore the House of Representatives some thirty
yeais ago. and was allowed as to the personal
pioperty, but was refused as to the house; and the j
claim is now made for the real estate. The Sena- j
..or from Kentucky, (Mr. U.vii&Rwon.j, 1 1 believe,
has a thorough knowledge of the circumstances of 1
this case. The claim is this: During the last war, !
Wnereyer the British troops landed and obtained a
foothold m this country, their depredations were
weTeT?', "nli"dl'y ru!pN civili/.ed warfare
veie put at defiance by t,x<m throughout the whole
oantiy wherever they went. Claims were m<ule
•hViIm^f a" 1nal'ter,s the country after i
.he peace, for remuneration for their losses. The !i
principle 011 which these claims should lie allowed
was es.aolisheu, alter much discussion, by acts of
Congress passed ,n 181ti and 1817, and subse-
quenvy settled 111 1825. This principle involved
furthi'rP7hT 1>dy,"e"ts ,0 extent, and no
furtnei tha. wherever the destruction was made
by the enemy contrary to the rules of civilized
warfare. Government should not pay the citizens
rope-walk in the city of Washington, in which
there was a parcel of cordage and a quantity of
rope which were destroyed by the enemy, together
with therope-walk, in 1814, when the British took
possession of the city of Washington. The claim
was allowed by a committee after an adverse re-
import against the whole claim in 1818. A second
committee allowed that portion of the claim which
j applied to personal property, 011 this ground, that
1 the petitioners had provided the means of remov-
! | nig their personal property out of the city of
<' Washington, and out of the reach of the enemy,
j and 011 the distinct ground that the Government
: took away the wagons they had and appropriated
, them to its own use. Therefore it is claimed that
, Government is liable for the destruction of their
personal property. At that day, the claim was
: never based on any other ground. The claim now
made is for the burning of the rope-walk. That
could not be removed.
The ground on winch I have dili'ered from the
. majority of the committee, is this: They say the
inference is, that the enemy having destroyed the
cordage and burned the building with a view to
the destruction of the ropes and cordages, it rests
! upon the Government-to show that the rope-walk
i would have been destroyed if the material, which
j is called munitions of war, I think, in the report
I of the committee, had not been ihere. In my
judgment, according to the report of the former
committee, there was not the semblance of any-
thing like munitions of war which would authorize
the enemy to destroy this properi y. These parties
I^nuar iu.u uu.e up me 0111s. ' lhu>' ra'7 >lave h*d
IT A number of tlieso ,■  1 ^ontiacts with the Government, and they may
and a number of them -u-p ' -aVe slWled tile Government with cordage some-
be thenleasnre of the Sennt* n ™'daSe  <" tiie Government was there
at til at tune. 1 hat was not the ground on which
the claim was made, but simply 011 the ground
that the means of removing their personal proper-
ty were taken away. Therefore, whether their
1 property was destroyed according to the rules of
! civilized warfare or not, they claimed they would
',t be entitled to remuneration to the extent to which
they were prevented from removing their prop-
erty on account of loss of then- wagons and carts
which were taken by the Government.
The present report of the committee is made
somewhat on the ground that these articles were
a species ot property which the enemy would lie
justified in destroying, or if not justified in de-
stroying them, it'seems reasonable to conclude
that the enemy would have destroyed the rope-
walk whether tins property was in it or not. The
argument upon the other side is, that it is for the
Government to show tluit such would have been
the lesult. 1 think it would not. When a party
makes a claim here, he should show that there is i
sufficient ground to sustain that claim. The Gov-
ernment did not prevent him from removing his !
rope-walk, because he could not remove it. They i
have paid him for property which he could have !
removed, but was prevented from removal- by I
the impressment into the service o'f the Govern- 1
nient ol the means ot its removal. He now asks '
payment lor that which he could not remove. I >
think the claim ought nut to begramed. j
By turning to the former report of the commit- J
tee, to which this matter was referred, I think the j
Semite will be satisfied that the claim ought not to 1
be allowed. On page -W2 of "The American i
fetute Papers.' under the head, "Chums
have the following report:
we
' indemnity for piopcrty lo.-.t by impre? Mwnt liitn the
public fcervicc ot the mean-- oi it, temoval. Comnmni-
caterl to the llou&e ol' iirpresem itives. \ovomber 39
IMJ, ' '
'• Mr. \ am v, hum tJie Committee ot' Chains to which * eoida-ro and hemp was de-
vas retold tin- petition of Dame! Twiner and 'JVathamel I' ° mnon ,,)al {!u' larrer w
i. fleath, c-f the District ot' Cohim'-.i. made the following i fe0,nable compensation . but th
n
repori
'-'That the petitioners wc.eowner* ofiopc-ualksin the
city ot \\ asmiigton, in winch was comamuj a large quan-
tity of spun yarns and navy cordage, aii of which was
destroyed by the enemy in his late lncuiaon into this city.
• th° °fJUly last' ons of the Petitioned
[Mr. Hea-h] applied to Mr. bouthlan, tho owner of some
longboats lying m the Potomac, and engaged ofhim five of
' "h C0[dage and yarn UP the nver >f lie
< An™*. 1']Vade ille C,ty- 0n 1116 18th and 19«> 01
August, it was deemed expedient bv General Winder to
employ the boats of Mr. Southlan for the purpose of trans-
' poitmg the troops across the Potomac, winch were kept in
4 tiie employment of the Government until after the invasion
e of thc'city. On the 20th of August, the petitioner applied
'tor the boats! according to contract, for tho purpose of re-
moving their property, when they were informed that they *
were impressed. It also appears to the committee that
j on the 22d of August, the petitioners employed a wagon and
' fine^r ten Cfir*s for the purpose of removing their propeity;
KUt^ ^r,Son and two or three of the carts were impressed
, by the officers ot the Departments to remove the public pa-
; P£rs nn(i property, and that seven of the carts employed,
j after taking loads tjom the ropy walks out of the city, re-
fused to return to haul any more for the petitioners, appre-
, * bending that, xt they did so, they would be impressed into
: ' the employment of the Government. It i-> aJt,o scaled and
, * bCijeved that, alter that day, and before the enemy entered
the city, carriages weie not to he had in ih ( citv to remove
, ' tlic propei f\. Thu lo^-s of the petitioners, cxchiiive of the
| l>ric' oi the lope-Halks, is estimated at about ,«:34>800.
, 4 They at k of Congress t0 be leimbursed to the amount of
, • their loss.
u ' The committee are of opinion tli.it the Government ia
c umler no obligation to pay for the ptoperty The destruc
< tion of private property by the enemy, in the pi ogre-, s of the
, ' war, is much to he regretted and highly to be depieeatud;
: c but when it does happen it is to be considered between the
j ' Government and its citizens a  one of the calamities of war.
; 4 It may be presumed that the circumstance of the boats,
, c wa^ou, and cau> being impressed by the Government to
; 4 peilorm services vnJuable to it5 may create sonio equitable
: • eonsideiation m favor of the petitioners, ft however,
; 1 believed by the committee not to be sufficient to authorize
■ 'them to allow the claim. They, therefore, piesetit to the
' House the following les-oiuhon :
'• 'Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioners ou;dit not
' to be granted.' "
That was tlie first report in 1814. The claim
; was again presented forthe loss of the rope-walk,
' and the report of the committee will be found in
the same book, under the date of January 17th,
1817. The report was adverse: " That tiie prayer
of the petitioners ought not to be granted,"" 1
think there was a third report made to Congress
on the 16th of March, 1818, and the report stated
that the petitioners asked for compensation for (he
real estate, the rope-walk, as well as the personal
property. The committee allowed the claim as to
I the personal property, estimating it at what they
conceived to be proper, but reported against the
claim as to the rope-walk: and they based their
M report entirely on the ground of the impressment
1 j by the Government of the means of'removinfi;
J their personal property. 1 will read a part of that
report:
I " Your commute^ aie of opiutou that the allegations or
j the petitioners arc fully supported by testimony, that the
i mteiveufion o/ officers oi the Government in wresting
from lite claimants evety description oi means provided by
them lor the removal of their propeity was the cause « f,
j the movable part thereof being destroyed by the enemy
The conduct of the petitioner, at the period afoie.-aid. &uf-
, hcicntlv shows what was the opinion generally entertained
i by oiii citizens, at that dav. as to the destruction of ptivate
j piopeity ot tins descuption bj the eneiov. fn tin's case no
I claim ^is set up <it nulitaiy deposit or military occupation.
1 as i^ the pretc\t fot payment hi many oiliei ca-vs wheie
; propeity of a like descuption vias deMiojvu l.y the enemy.
■ The ckt!inant-  seem to liave been well awaie what would
i he the .ate ot men propeity in ca-c the enemy did invade
" 'be cit}, and made, great exeilion> to save it; and :t would
, not be iire-umius too miicii to -.iy that tlicy would have
eflect"<} that object nut tot the inteivention of the officer''
of the Government m taking fiom them the means ot do-
ing so.
'k It is believed that the exertiom ot :lic petitioner in pro-
curing the means to icrnovc their private propertv, brought
wjthm the reach of the oliiceis of the Departments the
means whereby lccorns, and documents-, and papers of the
nation weie saved ot great value, and ought not to be neg-
lected for any individual interest, and that the petitioners
have a reasonable and just claim on the Government h-i
the lemovable part ot then establishment, (OitMsting oi
lope, spun yarns, and hemps, deducting therefrom what
would reasonably have been tue cost of tran-poiting tiie
same to a place ot sat'etv, and hack to ihe rope-v.alk.°aftei
the danger ceased, and damage done lo th^ materM]^ h\
sucli rem<'\;)!. with, perhaps, some deduction from the
price* at win. h the article- are chained
••Included m the sum stafd of tnejr Ios^ i-<5 e<
timdied as tiie value or the rope-u alk wln.'h your commit
tec think ought to be rejected, as the same would have been
burnt bv the enemy i( tiie materials of cordage and hemp
had been removed fheieJrom. The balance of the claim
(.>iW,767) }s -tared b\ the claimant as follows.
("Then come the several items, and the committee thus
conclude.}
.loiih! u he sdtr-iactonly prov< d tiiat the above quantiU
frr.jed, (he committee are "i
ould be no nunc than a red
  — they have not b^en able t<~> ?at
11 i^ly themselves as to the quantity. They, ttietelbie, leeum-
mend the pa-sage ot an act autho; izmg the Secretaiy of the
jVavy to pay for whatever quantity may be satisfactorily
■ \ shown to have been destioyed, not exceeding m amount
, • tne above sum of £13,8] 3 60. and for that purpose report a
j!
|! That amount was allowed to the petinoners,
Mavjng claimed for their personal property at that
time, they now claim for the destruction of the
real estate, and I wish the Senate to understand
that the difference between myself and other mem-
