im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
and acknowledging. Now, sir, I am inclined to
think that if such a law does not exist in the Dis-
trict o£ Columbia, it is quite time that one should
exist; and it would be much better to reter this
biU to the Committee on the Judiciary, and let that
committee bring in a suitable bill covering this
^case exactly.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly, that would be the
proper course.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then I will make that mo-
tion; and, in the mean time, I will suggest an ob-
jection made to me by a very able lawyer of this
city on that very point; and that is, the impropri-
ety of giving to the orphans' court of this District,
power of appointing a guardian or trustee in the
absence of heirs 
Mr. WELLER. "Without notice?
Mr. SHIELDS. Without notice, or with
(what is tantamount to no notice) notice through
the public newspapers, to heirs, some of whom
may live in California, some in Oregon, and
some in Illinois, &c.
Mr. DAVIS. "Will the gentleman permit me
to make another suggestion to him? I think no
such authority should ever be assumed, unless on
the application of some of the heirs. They might
get the authority from the court by applying to
the court for it. That should be the provision.
And then the mode of giving notice should be
prescribed by the law, and the parties should be
held to a conformance with it. I think that if the
Senator from Illinois will consent to refer his bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary, he will get one
of that description.
Mr. SHIELDS. Then'! move to refer the bill
to the Committee on the Judiciary. And I Khali
depend on my friend from North Carolina to
guard the law in such a way that there may be
no fraud commuted in this District under it.
Mr. BADGER. I beg to say to my friend from
Illinois, that I cannot accept any such devolution
of authority. I cannot stand as asupporter of any
such expectation-—to pass a law so as to prevent
the commission of any and all frauds under it.
Such a law was never passed from the beginning
of the world to this day.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
LANDS IN ARKANSAS.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
"Whole, the consideration of the bill to release from
reservation and restore to the mass of public lands
certain lands in the State of Arkansas; and,
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That it be recommitted to tlie Committee on
Public Lands.
MICHIGAN SALINE LANDS.
On the motion of Mr. FELCH,the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to thecon-
sideration of the bill to extend the time for select-
ing lands granted to the State of Michigan for
saline purposes. It provides that (he time for
selecting; lands for saline purposes, granted to the
State of Michigan by virtue of the fourth sub-
division of the first section of the act of June 23d,
1836', be extended to January 1st, 1^54; and the
lands so selected previous to the day la«?t men-
tioned shall be granted to that State for the same
purposes, and on the same conditions, and with
the like effect as if the same had been selected and
confirmed within the time limited by the act of
1836.
Mr. FELCET. I desire to offer an amendment as
a substitute for this bill. It is made necess.irv to
propose an amendment on account of information
received from the Department on thesubjeci, vary-
ing the previous statements concerning the facts
with regard to the selection of the land. The se-
lection of the salt spring lands, granted t*  the
State of Michigan, in coh-imon wHh the other new
States, was made by the Governor ' f the State
according to law, and leturned fotheCeneral Land
Office jn Id36. It was the intention of the De-
partment, and such! believe was its a<*t, tooonfirm
these selections. Subsequently, however, n ap-
peared that a poitiou of them had been taken up
by individuals, and therefore a title could not be
. made; and so it was reported to the Senate, unon
t'le call of a commiuee, that there was a deficien-
cy of t w«rlve srvao/'s. Thsacf nf the Depar: nit ns
c nfinning these sections was ntWvnrcH  Ts<^nd- :
ed. It now appears, however,'hat cyn's'ake u-as '
vraJe at the Department in copying we lists, and j
that the lands which were originally selected and 1
confirmed, were really open to selection and con-
firmation, and the State would have had the title
to them, but for the subsequent action of the De-
partment. In making a copy of the list, one of
the clerks, in the first instance, placed upon his
list the sections upon which the salt springs were
located; then the lands which were selected for
salt springs, and in carrying down the columns,
an error was made. The lands were in another
township, but in carrying down the columns they
were put in the same township with thesalt springs.
There was thus an error in the township. This
fact being ascertained, the Department has pre-
pared a substitute for this bill, which simply con-
firms to the State of Michigan the lands which
were originally selected for salt springs under the
act, and to which it is entitled, no person having
as yet entered those lands. All we now ask is, a
confirmation of those lands. The same thing
could have been obtained by areselection or relo-
cation of the lands, but the time having expired
within which those selections could be made, the
Department now recommends, as the easiest way
of securing the rights of all parties, simply to con-
firm the locations originally made. I therefore
offer a substitute for the bill, which is to strikeout
all after the enacting clause, and insert the follow-
ing:
That the selection and location by the State of Michigan
of the lands lying in said State, described as sections num-
bers 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9,10,11,14, 15,21 and 02, in township
seven north, of ran^e fourteen ca-t, heretofore made under
and by virtue of the lonrth proposition contained in the
first section of an act entitled " An not supplementary to
the act entitled 'An act to establish the northern boundary
ime of the Htate of Ohio, and to provide for the admission
of the State of Michigan into the Union on ceitiim condi-
tions,* approved June 23d, 1036," be and the same are hereby
recognized as valid and confirmed to said State in lieu of
twelve other sections, which were incorrectly noted as
confirmations under said aet, by reason of an erroneous
interpretation given at the Geneial Land Office to ttie ori-
ginal list of selections.
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate as amended, the amend-
ment was concurred m, and the bill was ordered
to he engrossed for a third reading.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 21, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
-by the Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order,
is the motion to lay upon the table House bill No.
280, making grants of land to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads and for other purposes.
Mr. ALLISON. As there are many absent
from this side of the House, and as it is improper
for us to proceed with business in the present thin
state of the House, I move that we adjourn.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to make a suggestion
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, who made
the motion to adjourn.
Mr. ALLISON. I will withdraw for a mo-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 agree with the gentleman
that it is improper for us to vote upon anything
relating to the business of the House, when so
many members are absent; and should any such
motion be pressed, I would vole to adjourn 
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] permit me to make
a suggestion ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing the
gentleman shall make it.
" Mr. RICHARDSON. There lie upon the
Speaker's table some territorial bills, which should
be taken up and ected upon.
Mr. HOUSTON. The House will not take
them up. I was about to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Allison',] who made the mo-
tion to adjourn, to withdraw it, and let us eo info the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and make speeches, but take no vote. 1 will vote
to adjourn at any moment, should any gentleman
propose to take a vote upon any bill. Iam willing
to ?;o into the Committeeof the Whole, for I think
this course would be a harmless one, and would
bp useful in the economy of time. Speeches are
to be made, and will be made, ami there are su/H-
ciert member present to hear them.
The SPEAKER. The irentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdrew his motion to hear a single
suggestion.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can make
his motion again.
Mr. ALLISON. I renew my motion.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I hope the House will
vote it down, and allow gentlemen to make
speeches in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. Upon the motion to
adjourn I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Stephens, of
Georgia, and Stanton, of Tennessee were ap-
pointed. 1
The question being taken, the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 69, noes 26.
Mr. COBB. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLTSON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files of
the House the petition and accompanying papers
of H. P. Babcock.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any '
business being done until we ascertain whether
there is a quorum present.-*
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that there
is no quorum present.
Mr. MEADE. I rise to a question of order.
It seems to me that the House, by the vote just
taken, decided to adjourn.
The teller"* reported—ayes 69, noes26; and then
the yeas and nays were demanded.
The SPEAKER. Before the decision was an-
nounced, the motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
the House do now adjourn.
Mr. OLDS demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 rise to a question
of order. It has been proposed to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, to make speeches. I wish to know if less
than a quorum can go into committee?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already deci-
ded that the only motion in order, under the rule,
is a motion to adjourn, or for a call of the House.
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow morn-
ing at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS. &c.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mi. CABLE, of Ohio : A petition from George Web-
stei, and other citizens of Steubenville. for a canal around
the Falls of the Ohio, on the Indiana side of the Ohio river.
By Mr. ROB1E : A petition for a mail route from Savona,
Steuben county. New York, by Bradford, to Tyrone, in said
county.
By Mr. CHANDLER: The memonal of Stephen Bald-
win &. Co. and rnanv other mercantile films in Philadel-
phia, acting Congress to provide for deepening the ship
channel at the mouth of the Mississippi.
By Mr. FLOUKNCE : The memonal of Caleb F. Clarke,
Peter Minkles, John Levering, and 22 other citizens of
IMnladelphsn, piayntg Congress to pi*s a law to give one
hundred and M\'tv actes of land to soldiers of the war of
1812, the Fndnin war*, &.c.
By Mr. FITCH : petition" Aom sundry citizens of
Ca«.s and adjoining counties, Indiana, asking a'erant of land
in aid ot the construction of the New Castle and Richmond
and the Lake Michigan, Logan sport and Ohio river rail-
road's;
By Mr. SIBLEY : The memorial of David Cooper, P.
P. i'mber, and Maitui Lcavitt, committee appointed by
the boaidof tiustoos of Cottar Grow Academy, Minne-
sota, pravnig a gi ant ot land for the establishment and main-
tenance of that institution.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 29, 1853,
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
Mr. WADE presented a peti tton of citizens of
Ross county, Ohio, paying an extension of the
time for locating Virginia military bounty land
warrants; which was ordered to be laid on the
table.
Mr. BROOK "S presented the petition of Harris
Hill, on behalf of himself tmd the heirs and iegal
reprefen'otives ofW:i!:nm S-*on, deceased, pray-
ing i enumeration fbr n tract of land granted tn the
deceased bv the Spanish Government, and
by the United States as public land: which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims,
