2450
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
Baltimore down the Chesapeake Bay to Norfolk,
and there connect with the whole southern line of
mails.
Mr. BADGER. I see at once why my friend
from Maryland thinks this proceeding unneces-
sary. He says there is no use in keeping open
the Potomac, because you can go by the way of
Baltimore. The Senator says the mails from the
South can be sent from here to Baltimore, and
eight or ten hours of time will be saved. Now,
the information I have on the subject authorizes
me to state that the Senator is entirely mistaken—
no matter from whom he obtained his inform-
ation—and that the mails cannot be carried by the
Baltimore and Norfolk route within fifteen hours
of as short a time as by the Potomac route. Butif
my friend's argument is good for anything, it is
an excellent argument to show that this route
should be discontinued altogether; for if you can
go eight or ten hours sooner by going through
Baltimore, there is no reason why the Govern-
ment should pay for transporting the mails down
the Potomac. But the Government deems it ne-
cessary and proper to carry the mails down that
river, and therefore it is proper to make this small
appropriation to keep the river open.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote against this
amendment, because it is the commencement of a
system which will involve an immense expend-
iture of money. If you appropriate $20,000 now
for an ice-boat on the Potomac, do you suppose
the people of the Ohio valley and the Mississippi
valley will be content without having ice-boats
there to keep their rivers open ? So on the New
York rivers and on the lakes. This little appro-
priation of $20,000 now will grow up into a sys-
tem, involving an expenditure of millions in a few
years; and my impression is, that unless you are
prepared to go into a new system for this purpose,
unless the Government is prepared to take the con-
trol of ice upon all the rivers and lakes in the
country, we ought not to adopt this measure.
"We had better encourage the people to make a
railroad from here to Aquia Creek, and save the
necessity of this ice-boat.
Mr. DAWSON. I wish tofnake a suggestion
to my friend from Illinois. By an amendment
•which has been added by the Senate to the post
road bill, I believe it has been provided that the
mail shall be carried down the Ohio during the
summer in steamboats. There are certain sea-
sons, as I understand, when boats cannot travel
up and down that river.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Sometimes three or four
days, and sometimes two or three weeks at a
time.
Mr. DAWSON. When that occurs is there
not some mode to transport the mails by land ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I will answer the gentleman.
The mail has been carried by contract on the river,
from Cincinnati to Louisville, for the last twenty-
five years. Whenever navigation is suspended on
the Ohio, there is no regular mail route on either
side of the river. Last winter, navigation was
suspended between Cincinnati and Louisville for
about six weeks, and we had no regular mail. It
is true there were side mails by land, connecting
at different points.
Mr. DAWSON. Whenever the Potomac is
frozen up the Post Office Department has to make,
I believe, what is called a special contract, to con-
vey this mail by land. Now, the question is one
of economy. When the river was closed, during
the past winter, the Post Office Department had to
employ a line of stages, for which they had to
make an extra allowance. They were called upon
in an emergency, and the contractors for a limited
period in that way, of course, required a larger
sum than for regular service. Besides, we have
to pass over one of the worst roads in the south-
ern or western country, or, perhaps, in the world,
to get by land from here to Aquia Creek. It then
becomes a ouestion of economy whether every
winter we snail be put to the expense of hiring
extra stages to run that distance, or shall keep an
ice-boat. I venture the prediction now, that if the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads would inquire into the amount of com-
pensation paid annually for this extra service be-
tween these two points, he would find it to be
three or four times the amount of the cost of an
ice-boat. 1 view this as an economical question.
But, it is said that this is the commencement of
a system of expenditure which will involve the
Treasury very largely. Why, if it be so, and the
emergencies of the country require it, and the in-
terest of the transportation of the mails require it,
ail of us know that we ought to make the appro-
priation. It is said that this mail can be carried
from here to Baltimore, and thence down the Pa-
tapsco river and the Chesapeake Bay. Admit that
to be so; but can letters be carried round with the
same speed to Richmond and Petersburg, and all
through the inland route? Not at all. Gentle-
men should look to all sections of the country.
When they talk as to this laying the foundation
of a large appropriation, they must recollect that
when the railroad service commenced its cost was
considered alarming; but yet the increase of mail
facilities has afforded such great satisfaction to the
country, that there is not now a murmur about
the compensation paid to these companies, and the
Department is now better able to pay them out of
its revenues than ever before.
I am informed, from sources entitled to credit,
that the daily transportation of the mail from the
city of Washington, when the Potomac is closed
up, is $500. This is necessary for three or four
weeks. Why, in that time it would amountto the
cost of an ice-boat. Why should one section jump
up here against another, and say if you desire this
we will want it? Whenever it can be fairly de-
monstrated that the interests of other sections re-
quire it, 1, for one, will vote for it. I am not
alarmed by these things. I know full well, that
you and I, sir, who live south of this point, had
our letters delayed last winter frequently for five
or six days, and so with all the representatives
from that section of country. It is very desirable
that v/e should have regular connection with the
South. I thmk this will be more economical and
effectual than any other plan. But if it should be
found not to work well, we can stop it at the next
session, and no great harm will have been done.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to, and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GWIN. I wish now to renew the amend-
ment which was rejected as in Committee of the
Whole. It is—
" For superintendence, office rent, labor, and contingent
expenses connccted with the construction of the floating
diy-dock in the Bay of San Francisco, ,$13,500."
This dock has been shipped to California, and
unless a superintendent is appointed to go there
and receive it on the part of the Government, it
will remain on ship-board. The demurrage that
will accrue on the dock lying there, waiting for an
officer of the United States to receive it, will be
about $800 a day, or at the rate of $300,000 a year.
The object of this amendment is, to pay the ex-
penses of an officer to superintend the putting: to-
gether and receiving of the dock when it gets there,
it is to be done by a person of experience in build-
ing these docks, and not by a naval officer. The
gentleman whom the Department proposes to send,
has superintended the building of docks of this
description heretofore, and he is very familiar with
the whole subject.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I still persist in my oppo-
sition to this amendment. These contractors have
a second contract, which has been entered into
with them by the Navy Department, by which
they are allowed to use the dock for three years.
How can they use it unless it is put together?
Mr. GWIN. They will never put it up so long
as they can get §800 a day demurrage.
Mr. BRODHEAD. We have officers of the
Navy enough, who have nothing else to do, who
can superintend this matter; and if officers of the
Navy cannot superintend it who will? We have
plenty of those officers out of employment, and
they can very easily be sent to California for this
purpose.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to ask the Senator
from California a question in regard to this matter,
for I desire to vote understanding^. Have the
contractors to build this dock agreed to deliver it
at the place where it is to float?
Mr. GWIJNT. They are to deliver the materials
there; but this is to see that they are properly put
together.
Mr. RUSK. There seems to be a disposition
in regard to this matter that I am very sorry to
see. I do not look upon this appropriation as going
to the contractors.
Mr. GWIN. It does not.
Mr. RUSK. It is an appropriation asked for
by the Navy Department, in order to enable them
to take care of the property of the United States.
Mr. MILLER. Will the Senator from Califor-
nia permit me to ask him whether that recommend-
ation was not made before the leasing out of the
dock ?
Mr. GWIN. It has no reference at all to the
leasing of the dock. The dock cannot be used by
the contractors under their lease until after it is
put together and put afloat.
Mr. CHASE. I have an amendment to offer
to the amendment, which I think will reconcile
all difficulties. It is to insert, instead of the
amendment of the Senator from California, the fol-
lowing:
That the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, di-
rected to appoint some suitable na?arl officer, to receive and
superintend the construction of the floating dry-dock in
California.
Mr. BADGER. There is no necessity for that
amendment; for, unless some provision is made,
the Secretary of the Navy would direct an officer
of the Navy to attend to it.
Mr. CHASE. I understood the Senator from
California to state, that unless some person was
appointed to superintend the putting together and
reception of this duck, demurrage would be
charged, which would amount to a great deal
more than the salary of the officer. If that be
the whole object to be accomplished, undoubtedly
it will be accomplished by thisjamendment, and no
difficulty whatever can arise in any quarter. 1
hope, therefore, that my amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. RUSK. The authority which would be
conveyed by the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio already exists. The object is to send out a
person to take care of the Government property in
California. The Navy Department has made an
estimate for it, and, as I understand, this is rec-
ommended by the Naval Committee of this body.
Under such circumstances, it seems to me to
be strange, passing strange, that there should
be any opposition to it. I know the appropria-
tions asked for California are large, and neces-
sarily they must be large. Prices of labor and
everything else there are high; but look at the re-
turns which are received from California. The
appropriations for California in the aggregate from
the Treasury of the United States seem to be
large, but the returns to the general prosperity of
the United States from California are also large.
She is a new State laboring under difficulties,
away from your protecting arm in case of emer-
gency. I trust and hope that this exercise of
economy will be commenced with reference to
those who have the physical force of the United
States at hand to defend them, and will not be ex-
tended further to California. I know nothing
about this business, but the recommendation of
the Secretary of the Navy, the recommendation
of the Naval Committ^ of this body who have
had it under investigation, and my obligations to
the people of California to protect them, require
me to vote for this proposition. I cannot, under
: my sense of duty, vote against it.
Mr. ATCHISON. If this were an appropria-
tion for the benefit of California, and a necessary
one, 1 would be the last man to say a word against
it; but this appropriation is not for the benefit of
California, it is for the benefit of some person
who will be appointed to superintend the putting
together of this dry-dock. The question now re-
solves itself into this: Is there no officer in the
Navy at the disposition of the Government, who
has capacity, and understanding, and common
sense enough to superintend this work?
Mr. GWIN. I would ask the Senator whether
any officer of the Navy has ever been appointed
to superintend either of the dry-docks, of this de-
scription, which have been built in the United
States ?
Mr. ATCHISON. I do not know anything
about that.
Mr. GWIN. I know that naval officers have
not superintended the putting together of these
docks.
Mr. ATCHISON. I know this: that you have
a naval officer at every naval depot and navyyard
in the United States, who superintends the build-
ing of vessels.
Mr. GWIN. The naval constructors attend to
that;
Mr. ATCHISON. Well, the officers of the
