1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1598
Mr. RUSK. I 'have been charged with a me-
morial of the Board of Visitors, appointed to
attend the examination of the Military Academy
at West Point, to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of the Committee on Military Affairs. The
memorialists say, that it is not in view of that in-
stitution, simply as a collegeof learning belonging
to a State, or to a section of the United States,
that they invoke the attention and extended pat-
ronage of Congress, but rather as a national in-
stitution, composed of cadets selected by the Gen-
eral Government itself from each of the States m
a justly-regulated proportion of number; and
though representing, as they do, all the geograph-
ical sections of the Union, they cordially unite in
this petition. The memorialists conclude by rec-
ommending that the number of cadets be increased
by an addition of sixty-two—that is, one for each
Senator in Congress; that the whole term of edu-
cation be extended to five years; that to the present
course of studies be added ancient and modern
history, physiology, elocution, and belles-lettres,
book-keeping, so far as may be necessary for fis-
cal accounts and army papers; the concordance of
natural and revealed religion, and the evidences of
Christianity. I move that the memorial be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Ann Van
Wart and Samuel B. Van Wart, children and
heirs-at-law of William Van Wart, praying to be
allowed arrears of pension and bounty land which
they allege their father was entitled to for services
as a soldier during the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Mary Martin, formerly
widow of Robert Lindsay, praying remuneration
for a slave captured by the enemy during the last
war with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, two petitions of citizens of the city of
.New York, protesting against any disposition of
the public lands except in limited quantities to
actual settlers; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to printone
thousand five hundred additional copies of the re-
port of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, in relation to the establishment of lines of
mail steamers between certain ports in the United
States and between the United States and foreign
countries, submitted a report in favor thereof;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the motion to print the resolution of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
York, relating to the removal of the sand bars at
the mouth of the Mississippi, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon; which was agreed to.
He also, from che Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, to which was recommitted the
adverse report on the petition of Joseph Nock,
praying- remuneration for losses sustained in con-
sequence of the violation of a contract for supply-
ing the Post Office Department with locks, sub-
mitted a resolution referring the papers in the
above case to the Solicitor of the Treasury, and
requesting that he will examine the case thorough-
ly, and report the reason for which said contract
was abrogated by the PostOffice Department, and
whether It was or was not in consequence of the
failure of the said Nock to comply with the said
contract on his part; what sum the said Nock is
legally or equitably entitled to m case the said
contract was abrogated, without any failure on the
part of said Nock to comply with the same; and
that, the Solicitor of the Tieasury be authorized
to take such legal evidence as the said Nock may
offer on his o wn behalf, and also to notify the
postmaster General to furnish any evidence which
may be in his power touching the same, and to
report the result of his proceedings, together with
his recommendation, to the Senate at its session
in December next.
On motion bv Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution, and it was agreed
to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to which was referred the memorial
of Holata Emathla, and other Seminole chiefs,
asking compensation for services rendered during
the Florida war, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill, for the payment of certain Seminole war-
riors in the military service of the United States;
which was read and passed to the second reading.
Thfc report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the Committee on Manufactures,
to which was referred the petition of John Pope
and others, citizens of Tennessee, praying that
certain expenses attending the exhibition of Amer-
ican goods at the Industrial Fair, held in London,,
may be defrayed by the United States, reported
adversely thereon.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which was referred so much of the
message of the President of the United Slates, of
the 11th June, 1853, as recommends the use ofthe
military to repel hostile incursions made within
the United Slates, on the frontiers of New Mex-
ico, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs; which was agreed
to.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial and
documents in relation to the claim of John Walker
to a pension and bounty laud for services during
the late war with Great Britain, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions; which was agreed to.
DISTURBANCES ON THE RIO GRANDE.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to:
iieso'rrJ, That the President bu requested to communi-
cate to tile Sen.ite, copies of all ord-irs and instructions
lulled to tile officers of tile United States upon tlie Rio
< Grande dutlllg iht! recent disturbances m that quarter, to -
getiiec witli copied of any opinion- of the Attorney Genera!,
winch may have accompanied tile same.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill to extend the time for select-
ing lands granted to the State of Michigan for
sahne purposes, was read a third time, and, the
tide having been amended, on motion of Mr. r'i:i.cii,
it was passed as follows ;
"An act to confirm to the State of Michigan cer-
tain lands selected for saline purposes."
CORRECTION OF A REPORT. .
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to correct a slight
mistake of the stenographers. In the remarks
winch I made the other day on the subject of in-
ventors, in referring to steamboats, 1 used the
name of James Rumsey, in connection with the
names of Fitch and Fulton. In the report, the
name of James Rumsey was omitted. There are,
among my constituents, some of ins descendants,
and 1 should not like to have it appear in print,
that in connection with that subject 1 had omitted
to mention the name of their ancestor, who was,
1 believe, the first m.m on earth that ever propelled
a boat by the power of steam, which he did, in
1784, on the Potomac river, at Sheperdstown, in
the State of Virginia.
RE'-EXPORTATION OF GOODS TO MEXICO.
The bill authorizing imported goods, wares, and
merchandise, entered and bonded for warehousing
m pursuance ol law, to be exported by routes to
ports or-places in Mexico, was readasecond time
and considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It provides that any imported goods in the original
packages whic'i shall have been duly entered and
bonded in piu'suance of the warehousing act of
A'joust 6th, 1846, may be withdrawn from ware-
house at any time within two years from the ori-
ginal importation forimmediate exportation, with-
out payment of duties, under the provisions of
the act aforesaid, to Chihuahua, in Mexico, by
the routes designated by the first section of the act
of March 3d, 1845, or by such other routes as
may be designated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury; and that any imported merchandise, duly
entered and bonded at Point Isabel, in the collec-
tion district of Brazos de Santiago, or imported
antl bonded at any other port of the United States
and transported thence in bond,and duly reware-
housed at Point Isabel, in pursuance of the pro-
visions of the warehousing law of August 6th,
1846, may be withdrawn from warehouse at any
time within two years from the date of original
importation, for immediate exportation, without
payment of duties under the provisions ofthe ware-
housing act aforesaid, to ports and places in Mexico
by land and water, or partly by land and partly by
water, on such routes as may be designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury. It further provides that
any imported merchandise duly entered and bonded
in the United States, may be withdrawn from
warehouse at any time within two years from the
date of importajaai, without payment of duties,
in pursuance of me provisions of the act of Au-
gust 6th, 184G,for immediate exportation for San
Fernando, Paso de! Norte, and Chihuahua, "in
Mexico, through the port of La Vaca, in the col-
lection district of Saluria, in the State of Texas,
and be transhipped inland thence to San Antonio,
and from the latter place to the aforesaid destina-
tions in Mexico, either by way of Eagle Pass, the
Presidio del Norte, and San Elizario, all on the
Rio Grande; and the Secretary is authorized to
■prescribe such regulations, not inconsistent with
law, as he may deem proper and necessary re-
specting the packing, marking, inspection, and
proof of due delivery at foreign destinations, of
the exports so authorized. It further provides
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall appoint
inspectors of the customs, to reside at San An-
tonio, Eagle Pass, the Presido del Norte, and San
Elizario, or such other points on the routes as he
may designate, not exceeding four in number,
who shall each receive an annual salary of §250,
and who shall make a report semi-annually to the
1 Secretary of the Treasury, of all the trade that
! passes under their inspection; and also, that no
1 goods, wares, or merchandise exported out of the
limits of the United States, according to the pro-
j visions of this act, shall be again voluntarily landed
or brought into the United States, or on being so
i landed or brought, they shall be forfeited; and
' every person concerned in their voluntary landing
or bringing, shall be liable to the penalty of $400.
! Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Senate
' have already passed a bill embracing substantially
! the principles contained in this bill, with one sin-
j gle modification. Prior to the tariff law of 1846,
all goods were permitted to be reexported on giv-
; ing bond. When the bill making the system ap-
I plicable to Texas was passed, it contained a pro-
i vision that the duty should absolutely be paid,
i and not a bond given, as was the case prior to the
tariff act of 1846. It was the impression, I be-
i lieve, of the Committee on Commerce, at that
' time, that the tariff law abrogated so much of
i those special laws as allowed goods to be recx-
| ported to Canada and the adjacent provinces,
i But, on investigation, it was found that at all
! other places where goods are reexported, they are
; reexported on filing a bond; and consequently
| the law which we have passed, allowing persons
; to reexport goods from Texas to Mexico, differs
! from the general system. On conference with the
I Treasuiy" Deportment, the committee have come
I to the conclusion that the system should he uni-
i form. At present it leads to unnecessary per-
j plexity, in demanding the payment of duties
j which are again to be refunded, It will be no-
| ticed that the bill itself provides that if the goods
are again brought back, they are to be forfeited;
and this will, 1 think, be a sufficient guarantee to
the Government against any frauds which might
1 be committed. With this explanation of the case,
I apprehend there can be no objection to the pas-
sage of the bill.
The bid was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
i third reading.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. ATCHISON, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 22, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
"The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
| The SPEAKER. Tne first business in order
i is the motion to lay upon the table House bill
! JSro. 280, making grants of land to aid in the con-
I structkm of railroads, and for other purposes. ^
I Mr. APPLETON, of Maine. I ask the unoni-
; mous consent of the House to offer the following
j resolution:
I Resolved, That the President is hereby r$qu«te<i to com-
