1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2457
Navy in command of the yard superintend it.
I think the proposition of the Senator from Ohio
to be entirely unnecessary, because the Secretary
of the Navy can now order a naval officer there
to superintend the construction of this dock, and
that without any additional cost. I am willing to
vote this money to the State of California, if you
will give me a pretext for it. I am willing to vote
this money for the benefit of the people'of Cali-
fornia, but not to enable the Secretary of the
Navy to appoint a special agent, and give him
$13,500 for this job, when it can be done by an
officer of the Navy as well as by any superin-
tendent outside of the Navy.
Mr. GWiN. The Secretary^ of the Navy has
himself spoken on this subject, in his recommend-
ation. If there was any officer of the Navy who
could have superintended the work, he would have
selected that officer. If officers of the Navy were
competent to superintend the putting together of
a dock of this description, they would have been
employed. And let me say to the Senator from
Missouri—for I know he is not disposed to strike
down my country as some are—that the very gen-
tleman who is to be appointed is well skilled in the
business for vfrhich he has been selected; and allow
me to say more, that he is of the same party with
the gentleman from Missouri himself, and is emi-
nently qualified for the station. He is an entire
stranger to me; but I know his capacity. If an
officer of the Navy was to be designated for the
service, you would have to pay him extra com-
pensation; and it is absolutely necessary, in put-
ting this dock together, that a man of skill and
expeiience in such structures should be employed.
I leave it to the Senator from Rhode Island, who
sits nearest me, [Mr. James,] if a dock of this
kind, under the superintendence of an individual
ignoiant of it, might not be ruined? The object
is to have a man skilled in this duty. The Secre-
tary of the Navy has recommended a man who
is eminently qualified for it.
Mr. MANGUM. I rise to make another ap-
peal to the Senate, to bring these debates to a close,
and to appeal to my honorable friend from Mis-
souri to withdraw his opposition, as this officer is
to be of the same party with himself.
Mr. ATCHISON. I am decidedly opposed to
this system of buying up the Democracy by such
things, if such be the case. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWSON. I desire to propound a ques-
tion to the honorable Senator from California. 1
would ask him whether, in every instance, some
naval officer, or some engineer in the Navy, has
not. been appointed to superintend the putting to-
gether of these dry-docks? Have not Mr. Bald-
win and Mr. Sanger, and other engineers of the
Navy, who have been educated for the purpose,
invariably been designated as the proper persons
to attend to these matters? I understand that to
be so; and if it be so, what is the necessity for the
amendment of the Senator from California ? Why
not rely on the judgment and knowledge and in-
telligence of those who belong to the service of
the United States, and who have been educated to
protect the interests of the United States? When
a structure of this kind is about to be completed,
why should we cut them off from an opportunity
of showing that they have availed themselves of
the means which we have afforded to them of per-
fecting themselves in their business ? When you
can have the work done by your own officers, who
have been educated for the purpose, what is the
necessity of calling in other parties ? I understand
that the dry-docks which have been constructed
heretofore have been under the superintendence of
civil engineers belonging to the Navy—of Mr.
Baldwin, Mr. Sanger, and Mr. Heron. And
when a controversy arose with regard to the Pen-
sacola dock, between the superintendent and the
builder, the matter of controversy was referred to
Major Chase, of the service of the United States.
As I do not belong to the Naval Committee, I am
xininformed about these matters; but i desire that
the best intelligence of the country, and that which
is at the command of the Government, should be
brought into action whenever such a great under-
taking as this is about to be accomplished.
Mr. GWIN. I can answer the Senator in a
moment. Certainly these civil engineers have
been appointed to superintend the construction of
these docks. So this dock has been constructed j
in New York under the supervision of the Chief j
Engineer of the Navy, General Stuart, precisely |
as the other docks. It is now on its way to Cal-
ifornia, and it is to be put together there. The
object is to have a proper person to attend to the
interests of the United States in putting it together.
Mr. DAWSON. My inquiry is, why cannot
these scientific gentlemen, belonging to the service
of the United States, go to that point and see that
it is put up properly ? Why not let the officer of
the Navy who has been connected with the trans-
action from the beginning, attend to it? Why not
let him carry out the work completely?
But it seems to be intimated that the object is to
create an office, and it is said that some competent
gentleman, belonging to the same party to which
the gentlemen from California and Missouri belong,
is to have the office. 1 do not care for that, but
the question is, whether any man taken from civil
society is as competent to see this work properly
executed as one raised for the purpose, and why
such an imputation should be thrown upon the
engineer cotps as to supercede them in such a
work as this.
Mr. GWIN. The gentleman who is to be the
superintendent is an engineer.
Mr. DAWSON. But he does not belong to
the Engineer Corps of the United States. Why
should we not send out those who are at our ser-
vice, instead of paying $13,500 for an individual
outside of the service? My object is to see justice
done to those who are in the employ of the Gov-
ernment. i do not wish to see them thrust aside
for those in civil life when a work of this land is
to be carried on.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will dis-
pose of this bill now. The light-house bill yet
remains, and it is important that this bill should
be acted upon immediately.
Mr. CASS. Does not every Senator under-
stand this subject now ? Why should gentlemen
be discussing it at length? It is a waste of time
to be doing so.
Mr. GWiN. I am sorry that the Senatorfrom
Georgia did not get his information from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, who has sent an estimate here
for this, and who has asked for an appropriation
to employ the individual who has been employed
on the same service in one of the other navy-
yards.
The amendment of Mr. Chase to the amend-
ment of Mr. Gwin was agreed to.
Mr. CASS. 1 do not see any use of the amend-
ment as it now stands. The Secretary of the
Navy can employ an officer of the Navy if he
chooses to do so without any special authority in
this bill for that purpose.
The amendment as amended was agreed to.
The amendments were then ordered to be en- j
grossed and the bill read a third time, and, being [
engrossed, the bill was read a third time and I
passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the j
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inteiior, !
made in compliance with a i evolution of the Sen- i
ate, respecting the printing, binding, and adver- i
tismg executed for or by order of that Department; j
which was ordered to lie on the table and be ,
printed. |
Also, a report of the Acting Secretary of the ;
Treasury, showing the payments made to General 1
Winfield Scott and General Franklin Pierce re- j
spectively, as required by a resolution of the Sen- j
ate; which, on motion by Mr. Meiuwethkr, was j
ordered to lie on the table and be printed. |
Also, a report of the Acting Secretary of the
Treasury, communicating, m compliance with a j
resolution of the Senate, a statement of sums of i
money paid to persons claiming the same under '
the act of 8th August, 1846, as dudes illegally ex- ;
acted; which was ordered to lie on the table and >
be printed.
Mr. SOULE, from the Committee on Com- '
merce, to which was referred the bill to regulate
and fix the annual salary of the American Consul i
at the city of Amsterdam, reported the same with- !
out amendment. * !
The Senate proceeded to consider the said bill .
as in Committee of the Whole; and, j
On motion by Mr. SOULE, it was j
Ordered, That it lie on the table. j
FRAUDS AGAINST THE REVENUE.
Mr. JAMES submitted the following resolution !
for consideration: 1
Resolved, That a select committee, to consist of five
members, be appointed by the President pro tempore, who
shall be empowered to sit during the recess, at such times
and places as they may deem necessary, and to examine,
under oaih, such persons as may be required, and generally
to investigate the mode and manner oi Importations of mer-
chandise into the United States, with a view of ascertain-
ing whether any and what frauds have been committed or
practiced against the revenue laws of the dinted States,
and that said committee make lepuit of their proceedings
duiing the next session of Congress.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That two additional members be appointed on
the Committee on JSnmlied Bills, and that the appointment
be made by the President pro tempore; and
Mr. Meriwether and Mr. Hale were ap-
' pointed.
| LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
! Mr. HAMLIN. I move to postpone the prior
I orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill from
, the House makingoppropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the erec-
j tion and establishment of the same, and for other
{ purposes.
I Mr. MASON. I hope the Senate will not agree
! to that, because it is indispensably necessary that
, we should have an Executive session. I have de-
sired for several days to obtain one; and if this
motion is now voted down, 1 shall move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope neither of those prop-
ositions will be agreed to, but that the Senate will
proceed to the consideration of the homestead hill.
I feel it to be my duty to call the attention of the
Senate to that bill, and to insist on its being taken
up.
Mr. Hamlin's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Commerce
have directed me to report this bill, with various
amendments The first is to strike out the clause
under the heading of Maine—
" For a light house on the Nubble, Cape Neddich, York,
! ,«5,000"—
; and insert in Ijeu thereof—
" For a light-honse at tin; easterly end of the thoroughfare
; between North Haven and Vinal Haven, or He mm Neck,
■ as the Dcpattmeni tdiall deteiuime, $C ,000."
' That proposes simply to authorize the Secretary
| of the Treasury ,to put a light-house upon the
! neck instead of another point on the other side of
! the bay.
j The amendment was agreed to.
I Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment of the
j committee is to insert the following:
j " Foi the erection of a haibor-hght, on a point of land
I Ivin:* wc-t of thy entiance of Buck's Harbor, at iirooke-
■ ville, ^ ,f)00.
"For the erection of beacons, buoys, and spindles be-
tween Owl's Head and White Head light houses, through
Mu-ele ltulgc Channel, .$4,000.
u For repairing and constructing the stone beacon on
| Penobscot river, >£>,000."
; The amendments were agreed to.
j Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendments of the
committee are to insert the following:
" For hollow noii buoys for the waters ot Cape Feai,
$1,330.
'•For one buoy in New Inlet, Great Egg Harbor, and
three in Hartford, $-200.
a For a belt, to be placed on one of the lijrlit-boats in
Che-upeake Hay, to he designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, £200.
" For the erection ot a light-house at Santa Cruz, Califor-
nia. £.'50,000.
•' For the completion of licht-houscs m California and
Oieffon, ,>10!),000.
'• For light boats and other means for rendering assistance
to direet mariners and others on the coast* of the United
States, to he expended under the control and direction of
the Seetetaiy oi the Tieasury, xlO,ouu.
" For testing the apparatus* of Wilson & Mn--hnn for
illummatiiur light houses, 6'1,000, to be expended u'idei the
direction of the Secretaiy of the Treasury.'5
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. The next amendment is to
strike out of the following section the words,
" under the fifth section of this act:"
" Sec. 7. Jind be\t further enacted, That all such rpports
shall, as speedily a?. tna\ he, he laid beiore tue Secrerat v of
tlx* Trcrir-uiy, and if sueh a.- to authon/.e the work without
further legislation, he shall lortlnvith pioceed with it, other-
wise such reports shall he laid before Congiess at the next
ei'Milng session ; but m all ease;- wheie the pyr.-ou desig-
nated by the Seeietaiy of tne Tieasiiry under the fifth sec-
tion of this i ut. doe-* not seport f-uch preliminary examina-
tion as expedient, the provision of this act shall, without
delay, be earned into execution."
