1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
683
bors, are well acquainted with the situation of the
lands on which he lives, and know that there is no
conflicting claim; they give a description of the
lands and say that no injury could result to the
Government from complying with Mr. McManus's
request. This shows that there will be no diffi-
culty about the location; that will be settled by the
Surveyor General without any trouble.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment made in Committee of the Whole
was agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. RUSK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the*doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 5, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I rise to a privileged
question. On the 11th day of December last the
memorial of Mrs. Mary Reeside was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Tliat was a cler-
ical error. The Journal stands, with that clerical
error upon its face. I ask that the committee be
allowed to report the same back, and that it be
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, which is the appropriate committee.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
On motion by Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee, it
was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdiaw from theiile>
of the House the petition and papets of the heirs of Lemuel
E. Montgomcty, for the puipose of having them letened
to a committee in the Senate.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is upon the engrossment of the private bills upon
the Speaker's table reported from the Committee
of the Whole, with the recommendation that they
do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will it be in order for me to
move that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel bound to make that
motion; and, in doing so, I desire to state to the
House that there are two or three special orders
before us which are consuming the time of the
House, so that it seems to be impossible forme to
get up the deficiency appropriation bill, although
the public service is actually suffering for the want
of legislation upon it. I therefore appeal to mem-
bers to go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, that the special order may be
disposed of to-day.
A Member. "Oh no! That cannot be done
to-day."
Mr. DANIEL. As the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means has thought proper,
upon this day, to move that the rules be suspend-
ed, and that the House resolve itself into Com-
mittee of the Whtfle on the state of the Union, I
shall move that the rules be suspended and that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House for the purpose of taking up for
consideration the Private Calendar. I raise the
question, and hope it will be settled as to which
of these motions has precedence. The private busi-
ness is suffering as much as that to which the gen-
tleman has referred. We have been guilty of such
remissness m the prosecution of the private busi-
ness, that it is enough to excite the clamor and
censure of the people throughout the country.
We have meritorious claims submitted here—this
being the only body that can afford relief—and
every consideration of justice and good policy re-
quire us to extend attention to that description of
business. I wish the Chair to decide which of the
motions submitted has the preference.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the special order has the preference over pri-
vate bills, and that a motion to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the special order, takes precedence of the one to
go into a Committee of the Whole House on the I
Private Calendar. j
Mr. DANIEL. Now, sir  i
The SPEAKER. The Chair must say to the j
gentleman that questions in regard to the priority.'
of business are not debatable. The rule says that
questions of that character must be decided with-
out debate.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope I shall have the in-
dulgence of the House to state the view that I en-
tertain.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be happy to
hear the gentleman's views. >,
Mr. DANIEL. The enforcement of the rules
is what I desire, and am seeking to obtain. I j
think, Mr. Speaker, until recently there was no >
sort of question about  I
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman is making
an argument in favor of the point of order, I
object. I desire to get into committee to dis- |
pose of the public business. If I cannot get the j
House to proceed to the business I am anx-
ious to nave them, I am willing that the business
suggested by the gentleman shall be disposed of.
I do not wish the time of the House consumed by
debates upon irrelevant points.
Mr. DANIEL. Have I not a right to discuss
a question of appeal in regard to the order of busi-
ness ?
The SPEAKER. Not at all. The questions
upon priority of business cannot be debated. The
Chair is very well satisfied about that.
Mr. DANIEL. I do not desire to transgress
any rule. I am for the enforcement of the rules.
I think that is the best way to have business prop-
erly conducted.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it were not fur the fact
that the public business is suffering for the want
of legislation upon this deficiency bill, and that
one branch of the public service is absolutely and
actually without means to carry on its operations, i
I would be willing to hear the gentleman. P*4y j
object is to effect that legislation as soon as may
be. ' |
Mr. DANIEL. I should like to call the atten-
tion of the Chair to the second rule, by which it
will be seen that debate on this point is allowable, s
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to read :
the 113th rule: [
ee All questions relating to priority of business shall be [
decided without debate." j
Does the gentleman appeal ? ;
Mr. DANIEL. I do; and I wish the 29th rule j
to be read to the House. j
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the >
special order made by the House is to give it the ]
preference over all other business upon the Cal- !
endar for the consideration of the House. The I
gentleman from North Carolina is of the opinion
that no special order can be made to interfere
with the private business of Fridays and Satur- j
days. The Chair decides that a special order sets '
aside the business appropriated to Fridays and I
Saturdays as well as that to Monday and Tuesday, j
or any other day. The Chair is clear m Ins opin- |
ion, but it may be an erroneous one. The gentle- I
man appeals-f'rom the decision of the Chair. ;
Mr. DANIEL. I call for the reading of the
29th rule, and the note explanatory, and also the j
26th rule. The view I entertain is sustained by j
the decisions of points of order in the Journal.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Does the Chair
decide, that if we go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union the special order will ,
have preference, and that if the House resolve 1
itself into a Committee of the Whole the private
business will be first in order ? !
The SPEAKER. The question of order in- !
volved m this matter is simply this: It is compe-
tent at all times for the House to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union by
a majority vote; and it is also competent, to-day,
for the House, upon the other hand, to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole upon the Private Calendar
by a majority vote. This is only a question,
whether the proposition to go into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union shall take
precedence in point of time. It is in the power of
the House to decide against the one, and in fa\or
of the other. The decision of the Chair is simply
to the effect that the proposition to go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union on the
special order has precedence, in his opinion, and
must be first put. That is all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understand
the 29th rule of the House as setting apart Fri-
days and Saturdays for the consideration of pri-
vate bills.
The SPEAKER. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Daniel] will be indulged
in having that rule read.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 was merely going to re-
mark—and I imagine every member upon the
floor understands the 29th rule—that the order
setting apart Friday and Saturday of each week
for private bills merely makes it one of the stand-
ing rules, and the House, making a special order,
of course sets that aside—suspends it.
The SPEAKER. You will find, the Chair will
remark to the gentleman from North Carolina,
i that our rules set apart Mondays for petitions, Fri-
days and Saturdays for private bills, and a special
order sets aside these, as well as all other rules
making preference to particular business.
Mr, DANIEL. I call for the reading of the
29th rule and note.
There being no objection, the rule and its ex-
planatory note was read by the Clerk, as follows:
29. "Friday and Saturday in every week shall beset apart
for the consideration ot private bill* and puvate business,
in preference to any othei, unless otherwise determined by
a majority of the House."
" iVote.—Under the rule of 26th April, 18*28, relative to a
postponement or change of the ouler of business, it ha& been
decided that it takes tiro thhiJs to proceed to public business
on Friday and Patmday. The reason of tins decision is,
that the rule of the 26th April, I&28, made no exeepiion in
favor of tin* clause, for a majority, contained m tin-; lule,
and that therefore that provision was annulled. There
have been three appeals upon this point, but the IIou«e in
all instances aftirined the decision in favor of t\>o thmU."
The SPEAKER. Two thirds have aheady
decidcd to set that aside, and upon each and every
day of the week the special order has the prefer-
ence over ofher business.
Mr. HOUSTON. For the information of the
House I will inquire of the Chair, if the special
order does not expressly read "that it shall be the
special order for that clay, and from day to day
until disposed of?"
The SPEAKER. It is so, and from that decis-
ion the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Daniel] takes an appeal.
Mr. DANIEL demanded tellers; which were
not ordered.
The question was then taken, ''Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?" and decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I desire to
know of the Chair whether there are not private
bills upon the Speaker's table which have been
reported from the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. There are; and the Chair
stated this morning that the first business was
upon their engrossment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I was goinfif to suggest
that before we go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, this private business
be disposed of.
Mr. DANIEL. Vote down the motion made
by the gentleman from Alabama, and those bills
will come up in order.
The question now being on the motion to go
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union,
Mr HOUSTON demanded tellers; which were
ordered.
Mr. DANIEL demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. SACKETT. Is it in order, if the House
refuse to go info Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, to move to postpone that
j special order to a day certain, with a view of going
[ into Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
j endar?
! The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. The
, Chair is inclined to think that we would not have
' control over it in that form. We must first re-
! heve 
i Mr. ORR. If the House refuse to go into Com-
i mittee of the Whole on the state of the ITmon,we
: can go into Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
i vate Calendar.
! The SPEAKER. Most certainly.
! Mr. DANIEL withdrew his call for the yeas
i and nays.
j Mr. HOUSTON. I renew the call, as I feel it
i to he my duty to do so.
: The yeas and nays were not ordered.
, Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania,and Mr.Hovs-
j tost were appointed tellers.
