1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1595
Mr. STUART. We want to pass al! these
territorial bills; but if the House is ready for the
question, I will not move the previous question.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendment reported fr^m the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and it was
deckled in the affirmative.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed was read
the third^time and passed.
CRIMES IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. McLANAHAN. A mistake has been
made by the Senate in sending back to this House
bill Ko. 21, which provides for the punishment of
the crime of arson in the District of Columbia.
The Senate have passed a resolution, asking the
House to send back that bill, in order that the
amendments may be passed upon there. It was
sent here by mistake, supposing the amendments
of the Senate had been passed upon, and that the
bill had been got through the Senate. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House, that the bill
may be returned to the Senate, according to their
request.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS IN OREGON.
The following bill, reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with a
recommendation that it do not pass, then came
up, viz:
An act (S. No. 283) to authorize the President
of the United States to designate the places for the
ports of entry and delivery for the collection dis-
tricts of Puget's Sound andUmpqua, in the Terri-
tory of Oregon, and for other purposes.
Mr. JOjN'ES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. HOWARD. Let the bill be read.
Mr. STUART. I will state to the gentleman
and to the House, that another bill has been passed
precisely like that.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
motion, and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
SCHOOL LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
The following bill, reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, without
amendment, next came up in order, viz:
A bill (No. 264) to appropriate lands for the
support of schools in certain townships and frac-
tional townships in the Territory of Minnesota,
not before provided for.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, was read the
third time and passed.
SURVEYOR GENERAL IN OREGON.
The following bill, reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, with
amendments, next came up in order, viz:
A bill (No. 924) to amend an act entitled " An
' act to create the office of purveyor general of the
'public lands in Oregon; and to provide for the
' survey, and to make donations to the settlers of
' the said public lands."
The amendments were concurred in. The bill
was then ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and, being engrossed, was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files the
petition and accompanying papers of H. B. Bab-
cock, which were referred at the last session of
Congress to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HAMILTON. For what purpose ?
Mr. FLORENCE. To be used in another way.
Mr. HAMILTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is usual to leave copies
upon the record. If that is done the Chair sup-
poses that there will be no objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. Copies shall be left.
Mr. HAMILTON. I withdraw my objection.
Leave was then granted for the withdrawal of
the papers.
PORTRAIT OF HENRY CLAY.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer a resolution, authorizing
the Library Committee to receive and place in the
Library a likeness of Henry Clay, presented by
an artist in New York.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That, the portrait of Henry Clay, presented to
thy nation by Giuseppe Fagnam, a resident in New York,
be placed in the Library of Congress..
There being no objection to this resolution it
was considered and agreed to.
Mr. HAMILTON"'. I call forthe regular order
of business.
Mr. FOWLER. Will the gentleman from
Maryland give way for one moment, to allow me
to ask the unanimous consent of the House to
present resolutions of the Legislature of my State?
Mr. HAMILTON. I must insist upon the call
for the regular order of business.
GRANTS FOR EDUCATION AND RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER stated as the first business
before the House, the question upon laying on the
table House bill No 280, " makinggrants oflands
to aid in the construction of railroads and for other
purposes,'' upon which question the yeas and
nays had been ordered.
Mr, BENNETT. Is it in order to move to
lay that motion upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. BENNETT. I move, then, that there be
a call of the House. A great many members are
absent who wish to vote upon this bill.
The SPEA KER. If the Chair recollects aright,
we are now acting under the operation of the pre-
vious question. If so, it is not in order to submit
a motion for a call of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. This is a very import-
ant bill, and as the House is not very full, I hope
it will be passed by for the present.
Mr. JONES. I agree with the gentleman that
this is an exceedingly important bill. But there is
now a motion pending to refer it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, where
it can be fully discussed and perhaps better under-
stood than it is now. There are certainly enough
present to refer it.
Mr. BENNETT. I hope gentlemen will allow
this bill to be passed by for the present.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the bill upon the table; and there were—
yeas 73, nays 99, as follows!
YEAS—Messrs Abercrombie, Aiken, Willi? Alien, Av-
erett, Bissell, Bocock, Bragg, Albert G. Brown, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chastain,
(Jhurchwell, Cobb, Colcock, Daniel, John G Davis, Daw-
son, Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Faulkner. Fickhn, Fitch,
Floyd, Freeman, Giddtngs,Gorman, Hamilton, Hammond,
Isham G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Hart, Hibbard, Hill-
yer, Holladav, Houston, Howard, Ives, Jackson, Andrew
| Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, George W.
[ Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Preston King, Lockhart, Mason,
' McNair, McQueen, Molonv, Nabers, Olds, On, Pcaslee,
i Pcnn, Phelps, Powell, Richardson, Robbing, Robinson,
: Ross* Scurry, St. Martin. Stuait, Sweetser, George W.
; Thompson, Towtxhend, Wallace, Alexander White, Wil-
cox, and Yates—73.
NAYS—Messis. Charles Allen, Alison, David J. Bailey,
Thomas II. Bavly,' Barrere, B«*ale, Bennett, Bowie,
i Bowne, Brenton," Brigg>, Brooks, George II. Brown, Bur-
1 rows, Burt, E. Carrington Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Cartter, Chandler, Chapman, Clark, Cleveland,
CJingman, Curtis, George T. Davis, Dimniick, Dockery,
Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Edgerton, Florence, Fowler, H.
M. Fuller, Gentrv, Gilinore, Goodenow, Green, Grev,
Ilaiper, Haws, Haven, Horsford, John W. Howe. Thomas
M. Howe, Hunter, Ingersoll, Janice Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones. George G. Kinjr, Kuhns, Kurtz. Letcher, Mann,
Humphrey Marshall, Mattin, McMulhn, Meacham, Miller,
Hemy D.Mooie, John Moore, Morehead, Moruson, Mur-
phy, Newton. Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Par-
ker, renmman, Perkins, Porter, Riddle, Robie, Sackett,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
Smith, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P.
Stanton, Richard H Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alex-
ander H. Stephens, Stratton, Sutherland, Tavlor, Benjamin
Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Tenable, Walbridge,
Washburn, Watkins, Welch, and Wells—99.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine, when his name
was called, stated that he had paired off with his
colleague, [Mr. Smart,] or he should have voted
in the affirmative.
Mr. POLK said he was out .of the bar when his
name was called, and asked leave to have his vote
recorded
Objection was made.
Mr. POLK. I then wish to say that I should
have voted to lay the bill upon the table.
[A message was received from the President of
j! the United States, by the hands of Millard P.
PiLLMoitE, his Private Secretary, announcing that
he had signed sundry bills.]
The question then recurred upon the motion to
lay on the table the motion made by Mr. Meade,
to reconsider the vote by which theliouse ordered
the main question to be put.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken* the result
was—yeas 94, najrs 80; as follows;
YEAS—^fessrs, Charles All-en, Allison, Ashe, David J.
Bailey, Thomas B. Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Bennett,
Bocock, Bowie, Bowne, Bra™, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks,
George H. Brown, Caldwell, Caitter, Caskie, Chandler,
Chapman, Clark, Cleveland, Clincnian, Daniel, George T.
Davis, Dimmick, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Edger
ton, Edmundsson, Floyd, Fowler,Henry M. Fuller, Gentry,
Gilniore, Goodenow, Grey, Haiper, Haws, Haven, Hors-
ford, John W.Howe, Thomas M. Howe, Hunter, Jnger-
soll, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George G. Kini*,
Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Mann, HumplWy Marshall,Martin,
Meacham, Miller, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, More-
head, Murphy, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Penni-
nian, Perkins, Porter, Riddle, Robie, Robinson, Sackett,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H.
Stephens, Stratton, Taylor, Benjaimn Thompson, Thurs-
ton, Toombs, Walbridge,' Washburn, Watkins, Welch,
and Wells—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Aver-
ett, Bissell, Albert G. Brown, Burrows, Burt, Busby,
Thompson Campbell, Chastain, Churchwell, Cobb, Col-
cock. Coneer, John G. Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dunham,
Puikee, Faulkner, Fickhn, Fitch, Floience, Ficeman,
Giddings, Gorman, Green, Hamilton. Hammond, Jslmm G.
IIarri<=, Samp=on W. Hams, Hart, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holla-
t day, Houston, Howard, Ives. Jackson, John Johnson, Rob-
' ert W. Johnson, George W. Jonec, J. Glaney Jones,
Preston King, Letcher, Lockhart, Edward C. Marshall,
Mason, McCoikle, McLanahan, MeMullm, McNair, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Molony, Nabors, Olds, Orr, Pea^lee,
Phelps, Polk, Powell, Richardson, Rohbms, Ross, Savage,
Scurry. Smith, Stuart, Sweetser, George W. Thompson,
Towns'hend, Venahle, Wallace, Alexander White, Wilcox,
Woodward, and Yates—80.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. McCORKLE. I desire to inquire, if the
morning hour has not expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not yet expired.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the following amendment, as a substitute for
the third section of the bill:
Sec. 3. jJnd be it further cnacted. That of the lands
hereby granted to the eleven first-named States, a portion of
the proceeds thereof shall be applied to the said States re-
flectively, in the manner directed in the preceding section,
to aid m the construction of the following lines or routes of
railroad-, namely: Fiom Toledo, Ohio, via Logansport,
Lafayette, and Peoria, to Burlington; from Cincinnati,
Ohio, via Vmcemies, to St. Louis, with a branch from a
point m Illinois, via Mount Carmel, to New Albany; Irom
such point on the Mississippi river, within the limits of Ar-
kansas, as that State shall appoint, via Little Rock, to Fort
vSmith, Arkansas, with a branch from Little Rock to Ful-
ton, on the Red river, and a branch from Little Rock to
Cairo, at the mouth of the Ohio river; from Terre Haute,
in Indiana, via Springfield, to Bloomington, m Illinois;
from New Orleans, by the way of Jackson and Canton, in
Mississippi, thence to connect by the nearest and best route
with the proposed Nashville and New Orleans railroad, and
from Canton, by the way of Holly's Springs, to the line of
the State of Tennessee ; from Girard, in Alabama, to the
waters of the Mobile bay; from Brandon, m Mississippi,
to Montgomery, m Alabama; from Pensacola bay, in Flor-
ida, to Montgomery, in Alabama; fioin the liver or Lake
! Saint Clair, or the waters flowing into the same, to Lake
! Michigan ; from the southern boundary of Wisconsin,
through Janesviile and Fond dn Lac, to Lake Stipenor;
fiom Selma, in Alabama, to Gunter's Landing, on the Ten-
nessee river; from the Atlantic Ocean, in Florida, to the
Gulf of Mexico, in said State; from Davenport and Bui-
hngton, in Iowa, to the Mi^ouii river, and from Dubuque
to the Sioux river, and to Keokuck, in said State; from
Mamtoowac, in Wisconsin, to the Mississippi nver; from
San Francisco to San Jos6: from the Saginaw river to
Mackinaw, jn the State of Michigan ; from Mobile bay, in
Florida, and to the Chattahoochee liver and Flint nveri in
Georgia; from a point opposite New Orleans to the Sabine
river, in Louisiana ; from Shreveport to the Mississippi
river. Said railroads to be constructed on the most direct
and feasible routes between the pomts befoie mentioned,
and the proceeds of the residue of the land herein granted
to the said eleven fii st named States respectively, to be ap-
plied by them to aid in the construction of such other rail-
roads as the Legislatures of said States may respectively
designate : Provided, No more land shall be taken by any
State under thi« act in the whole, than is granted to said
State b> the first section thereof.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I rise to make an in-
quiry. 1 understand that the railroad from Gi-
rard, in Alabama, to the waters of the Mobile Boy,
is not included in the bill. I inquire of the Chair
whether such is the fact? If not, I desire to sub-
mit that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the provision to which the gentleman from Ala-
bama refers, is in the bill.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. Then I am satisfied.
Mr. COBB. T desire to make an appeal to the
gentleman who introduced this bill, [Mr. Ben-
nett.] That gentleman says it was his intention
to have included the Memphis and Charleston
Railroad in the bill, but it was omitted by some
error. I ask the consent of that gentleman and
ask the consent of the House to have it put in.
