1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
[Cries of" Order!" and " Object!"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I ask for the yens and
nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
' Mr. STD'ART. I ask for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be di-
vided ifthegentleman will indicate the point where
it is susceptible of division.
Mr. STUART. I ask for a division upon each
road specified in the amendment.
Mr. BEALE. If it is in order, I ask that the
part of the bill to which this is a substitute, be
read.
The third section of the original bill was accord-
ingly read, as follows:
Sec. 3. JimI be it further enacted, That of the land?
granted by this act to the said first-named eleven States, a
portion thereof thai! he applied in conformity with the fore-
going provisions to aid in the construction of the railroads
already comnwiic^d by paid Stales respectively, or for
which said States have made appropriations, or pledged the
Credit of said States respectively, and the remainder of the
land hereby granted to each of said severed States to be ap-
plied, m the manner aforesaid, to aid m the construction of
such other railroads as the Legislatures of said several
States may respectively designate.
The SPEAKER. The proposition is to strike
out the entire section, and 'insert the amendment
in its jjlace. The Chair, after a moment's reflec-
tion, thinks the amendment is not divisible.
Several Members. That's right.
Mr. STUART. Would not each portion of the
amendment be perfect if you were to strike out
any of these roads, or all of them ? As I under-
stand it, the question is certainly susceptible of
division.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot sub-
mit a motion to strike out any portion of an amend-
ment after the previous question has been ordered.
[Ciies of Ciuestion !"]
Mr. STUART. I do not make a motion to |
strike out any portion. But here is an amendment ji
containing a dozen or fifteen different and distinct ['
propositions, so that the House may vote down j|
any one of them, or all of them, and still the j
amendment will remain perfect,and therefore it is j'
that I say 1 have a right to call for a division of j'
the question. j,
The SP&AKSR. The Chair is of the opinion i!
that were it not for the fact that the House is act- \,
iri£ uyder the previous question, it would be in jj
order to amend the wection. Out the question is ;>
now upon striking out one whole proposition and '!
inserting another; and the Chair decides that it is :!
not in order to call for a division of the matter !;
proposed to he inserted. \
Mr. ARHE. Has the morning hour expired 5 !<
The SPKA.KER. It has expired. !
Mr. ASHE. I move that the House proceed j
to the consideintion of the business on the Speak- j|
(t's table. 'I
I now movy to take up the.- Pennsylvania con- J'
Irstcd-elecfion < a.se. ,i
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to submit a point in
regard to the order of business. The gentleman j!
from California [Mr. McCoreci e] is anxious to jj
take up and pass upon the unfinished business m ||
relation co the establishment of a Mint in Califor- '!
nia. !'
The SPEAKER. That bill will be the first
business m order, if the House refuse to go to the "i
business on the Sneaker's table, or to the contested-
election case. That is the first business in order
before the House; but it is competent for the "
House to proceed to the business on the Speaker's ;
table, or to the contcvied-plection case, by vote.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to ask a simple
question. Ik not the French spoliation hill which '
passed the Senate on the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. It is on the Speaker's ta-
ble. ■ :
Mr. FLOREXCE. "Wiil not that bill come be- '
fore the House if the House proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table, os the first business
in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. FLOI£HN'CE. Is there not a motion be-
fore the for ..he reference of that bill?
The SP«./AKL. The Chair does not know
what position it has upon the Speaker's table,
without referring to the record; but many other
propositions are before it, in the opinion of thf
Chair.
Mr. FLORENCE. I was under the impres-
sion that it was on the Speaker's table, and if we
should go to the-business onthe table, that it would jj is to reconsider the vote by which the main ques-
CAWia 11 vs o d ina •hi-tit KnaTnoan I v* _ 1   .
come up as the first business in order
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not positive
about it, but will decide the question when it j
comes properly before the House. ;
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE. '
The question was then taken on the motion of j
Mr. Ashe, to proceed to the consideration of the ;
contested-election case from Pennsylvania; and it
was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon-agree- J
ing to the resolution proposed by the Committee
on Elections.
tion was ordered to be put.
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
withdrawn, and the question first before the House
is upon agreeing to section tenth, proposed as an
amendment by the Committee on Ways and
Means.
The amendment was read as follows:
" Sec. 10. Jl ml be it farther enacted, Timt there shall be
charged a seigniorage on tllfi coinage of gold in the Mint of
the United Strite?, and each of its branches, at a rate or
rates to be established from time to time by tile Secretary
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. Is it m order -1 f t!'c TTT y'not t0 hi7 «S'n™t. the actual
     ,U-'I' expense of the comaze at said Mint, ororaneh Mint, ie-
to move to postpone the consideration of this elec-
tion case until Thursday next'
The SPEAKER. Such a motion i s in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. 1 make that motion. I
am sure that such whs the underatinding, and
I am surprised that it should be urged now.
Mr. CLARK. Was not the corr-iid-M-Htion of
this business set down for to-day >
The SPEAKER. There was no order to that
effect.
Mr. MARSHALL. It wns certainly sug-
gested, and certainly understood, that Thursday
should be the day upon which this election case
should be considered.
The SPEAKER. There wns no order of the
House upon the subject.
Mr. ROBR1NS. The gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. Marshall] is mistaken ns to the day to
which the consideration of this subject was post-
spectively: Provided, The same, > hall not be more than one
i per centum 011 the amount coined."
Mr. HOUSTON. As I did not occupy the
| time allowed to me under the rule the other day,
1 hope the House will allow a letter to be read,
: from the Secretary of the Treasury, which gives
important information upon this subject, which
should be known.
Mr. BROOKS. I object to any argument.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well. The gentleman
objects to the reading of the communication. It
is well that he does, for it shows that his objec-
tions to the amendment are baseless.
The following is the letter alluded to by Mr.
Houston-:
Treasury Department. June 17,1852.
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 15th, calling upon the
ftepnitment for furthei information 011 the subject oi the pro-
posed charge at the Mint for seigniorage on gold bullion d©-
Ilouse was, (hat it should be taken up on Thurs-
day, and not before.
Mr. HAMILTON. If 1 understand the prop-
osition of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
j Marshal?.,] it is to postpone tiie oonsiderarum of
I this matter until Thursday next, ft was the un-
i derstandms; of the parties in this cn<-e that it
1 should be taken up to-day, and f hone tho House
, will now proceed to consider and dispose of the
' matter.
' Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I wish to
! —
The SPEAKER. The proposition isnof de-
! batublc. The question is on the niothoi to po>u-
! pone the consideration of this subject u i:il Thurs-
! day next.
i The question was then tak^n, rnJ there were
■ on a division, ayes 76, noes 64; when—
! Mr. VENABLE demanded the \>as Hiiif nays.
^ which were ordered; and, the question beins,* taken
j by yeas and nays, it was decided m the atHrma-
; tire—yeas 84, nays 77, as follows:
y KAS-MV.- -rs. Abeieiombie, Alh-i.n, O.avl J. (laii.-r
1 IMI, i$enn«'tt, liuvui;, How nc, Hienton, f rook-,
George II. !' 11 iwti. Iliirituvi. ttiMw, f-' <\l,, ir.-t ,n <\<!,"!!,
Caldwell, I.ewi-< D. Campbell. C'utfei. < 'k'ndb 1, ChaonMn, ■
Cha-tam, Chngman, Conjer, Ccttjiuii, i)avj>
Dofkciy, fJunrun, I'dniiimJr-on, Towlfi, Fim'-u ui, Ga\-
lord, (hdduiirs, (Joodenow. (i\--\. U.-np;M, i'Jaii. IT;iu 11 a- 1
Vfn, John W. Howe, Thoma?. M. Ih \vo. I!unlfi. Kobnf
W. Johnson, GfO!^ Kin-, Kuhn-, I.mdn , Manu, Hd
ward C. Mai Mi, McCo  K!c. AT«-iulc, ^Tdlcr, Ilmirv
D. Moou , John Mooie, Morrh^ad, Xc'wton. ^anujcl
\V. Farkci, Pcikms, Polk. Porter, ^c'loodoaf't. j-*choon- I
maker, fc$cnrhl«*r, Scunv, Davi.l L. Seviii-mr, So'nlv, lJcn-
jannu Stanton, Fredcncb P St;;mon, Richard H tftanton, !
Alexander H. Stephen-, Stone, ^uthti 1 nd. Taylor, Tien- ■
jamin 'J'tiomp-on. 'J'oomb^, Vcnable, WrtHindac. Wa-di- -
burn, Walking, WoJch, WoIIh, Wilcox, nnd —64.
XAYS—!Me>brs. Allien, (Jliarl^5: Alio:!. Mh-n.
John'Vpplcfon, A^li*', Av«'rett, Ihv.i'1. P s -rl! T>ia:/^, Albert i
Ci. Hrovvn, Hurt, Joseph Cable, Thompson « .uupb^il, C.i-,-
kip, Chuifbu-cll, Claik, Co!sb, Colooc',, Cf<:t.'\ Dai,!-!
John G. i)avis, Daw-on, Dimmick, T>u .h.*.in, Dsu-kie! '
Eas-tnian, Ed^crton. Faulkner, Fickhn, Fitcb, FIos^iico' :
Flcvd, Gilmoif, Goinum, Ilntmiton, Ilri'T n.nd, r^Iimn G.
Harn<=, Sampson W. IJib'.a-d, F'dUf.-. I!<>:3-dav!
fv« s, Jackson, Andrew Joon-on, J.msf < John
Johnson, George W. Jones..!. («ia!if\ Jot1-, Pr,-tnn Khij,
Kurtz, Lf'tclwr, Lock hart. Ma-on. Mr-Lmv;,v. Mc Mullin' .
McXair, McGluccn, Morn-on, Old-.. ori,An.tr<w Parker' '
1'ln Ip?j Kiddle, Roblmi% Kobic. i>obi,>oa, Y.r,,
8mt*h, Stratton. Stuart, tr?G"or«p Thojnpton' 'i
Thurston, Townshcnd, Wallace, and Wor.-'w -.r-j 3 i
So the consideration of the contested-election !
case was postponed until Thursday ~ne:;t.
CALIFORNIA MINT BTLf,.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I move now ;
to take up the unfinished business. :
The SPEAKER. The California Mint bill is !
the unfinished business, and the pending motion |j
in ix ftatffi fullv piepaied for immediate comajjp.
Tin-expend of separating and a^ay.n? sold bullion, is a
, inaitci between theowneiv of it and the above paitiee, but
the D'-pattinent lias no accurate infonnanon as to tlie
amount of the chnsge made ther<ifor ; but Aom the best un-
, of'ricial ui'onnation it has been able to obtain on the ?ul>-
ject, itis believed the cost is nearly or quite one half of
ova pei cent. The gold thu-- picpaird for coinage is pur-
■ cha-.ed by Uie Bar>k. wruch. bylaw, i^? obheed 10 receivft
■ and pav lor it m com at the standaid price of £:} 17s. 9<l. per
. ounc^;, but the value of an ounce of s oId m com is fixed by
law at £:* 17s. 10^-?. e.terhn^, so that the Bank has an ad-
vantage of a penny half pennv, or thiee cent^ per ounce,
! equal to about one fifth of one per cent on its value.
I'nder iheM* circumstances individual5? never present
. tiinr I.'mIhhj to the Mint for coinage, pret'ernng this small
1 Ciuuge Winch may be considered as a peijimoiace on the
, pail of the Rank, rathei than tomcui the trouble and delay
■ of takrii^ then bull inn for coinage to the Mint, all of which
, >>a\eited by predentin? it dnectiv at the eounter of the
; Hank, between which m-numon and the Mint, th*1 needful
, aii.'r^'cmi.'ist^ are made a* regard?* tne coinage. The De-
! paitment, without being able to obtain official authority for
i ?he fact, uiider-.tai.ds tl.at the Bank pays the Mint the ex-
: peiK.e upon such pOjtion of bullion received by it m the
, above mode, wruch tlit. institution requires to be put into
i com, for much the laiger portion of the gold in the vaults
of the Kank, ks alwavs in the form of bais or insrots. As
the bullion that is coined at the Mint belong* to the Bank,
■ it would be but ju.-t and leasonablc the hitler should pay
tins cv'-'W, patticulaily m view of the larye and advan-
t.rjeoi!- priv iie<i<'' -he (jbtmn.N and enjoys from the Govern-
iitrnp v, it!i the further additional advantage alieady alluded
to of .ibouMhre" cent^ per ounce m the puicbase of the
bullion below its coined value, and which on the amount
coinul m the L'mted States during Hie Ian vea^, would
! nmoontt^ neatly £100,000. Tbe^e fidvantagess'would be a
lull notification foe making the institution "hear tins com-
■ parat.\ely -mail outlay.
| As rcgiiula the British Mint, therefore, it appears there is
' no charge of <sf<<;niora<re for partuic, a-savm?, and allovuif
tiom the simple lact that it oid^es individualsiohavetho<T«'
opfiations pei.orined at their own proper expense, by pri-
vate a -aver?, befi-ic f-he will iceeive t'he gold ; and if any
^lafuitoiis service is perfor-a.'d I-v the Mint, it is merely the
ooinrvfe, ,tnd that, a- already stated, it is believed is paidbv
the Bank. ■ J
On ojver corn-go, the Uritiyh Government hasa.-eign-
lOfj.ie equal to aheut ten percent .. or what is the H-miPthni?,
irom pure silver of the value in gold of umetv shilling,Vt
makes: and j>.-ue« o.ie nuadred .-hiilincs of com, and wili
not receive Silver fo>* coinajr-.' from individuals exeep! on the
ha.-is o! uiviog for oiK' huniired slnlli'igs of pure stiver one
hnr.dred -hilhnas m co.n by tale, the latter containing only
ninety shilling", of pn-t, f-iiver.
The {.-overjiaierii in Rr;,i«h Jndip, "vh'ich issue n
ver^ h«-'?'vj coinage, chargr a f«eiaiuoiageof two per cent,
on hoTi: gold and silver.
In France there is and ahvavp hasbe-iii a cbarce of s«eign-
 orage on gold and silver. Thi? charge at pi cent in the
Fitnch Mmt i< aoout thiee eignths of one per cent, on gold,
f.nd one pei cent, on viver.
The CNnunentrl European Mitits, it is- believed,are gen-
erally modeled on tbet rf France; but the information on
thi* point pffj-ossed by ihe Department does not wnrmt it
'n making any positive a^fciuon respecting tticm, except
thf.t a jpjgiUOsaga exists in Prussia and Denmark, but to
vshat extent the Depaitment is unable to «.iafe.
As reg-u'd:- jour ^oquiries a? to the probable bearm<r Qnd
the result of"tne chaigc of ^ignior-\gM u-r-n gold hnfbon,
the Department it? decidedly of op*mor  mat it would be
