684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
The question way then taken upon the motion
tiiat the rales be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole 011
the state of the Union, and it was decided in the
affirmative, the tellers having reported—ayes 78,
noes 62.
HOMESTEADS.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the special order, being
House bill jNo. 7, for the encouragement of agricul-
tuie, commerce, manufactures, and other bx*anches
of industry, by granting to every man, &c., one
hundred and sixty acres of land; and upon which
question the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Camp-
bell] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, resumed the remarks
which he began yesterday. He thought that while
gentlemen were arranging presidential candidates,
they had better look to the source from which
they would obtain votes. Notwithstanding the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Breckinridge] yesterday in reference to General
Butler, the House was left in utter darkness as to
his position in relation to the great question of the
disposition of the public lands. The gentleman
also passed a high eulogium upon General Cass,
but he [Mr. C.] would appeal to any of the friends
of that distinguished man whether, during the
whole course of the political contest for the Presi-
dency in 1848, General Cass ever gave the country
to understand what were his principles and feel-
ings on the great question of internal improve-
ments ? When upon the lake shore of the Ohio
he was appealed to, and his attention called to
the disasters to commerce and the immense loss of
life and property which occurred upon the West-
ern waters, the only answer he gave was " that
the noise and confusion was so great that he could
not be heard." And yet thegentleman from Ken-
tucky announced yesterday that General Cass
went before the people, making known his princi-
ples eveiywhere. Again, when the Northwest,
dnven almost to desperation by the refusal of the
Genera! Government to attend to the improvement
<tf these great thoroughfares, held a convention at
Chicago—not a convention of any party, but a
convention of all classes of people—when the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan was invited,cir-
< ((instances prevented his attending. He [Mr.
Campbkll] was never able to ascertain the opin-
ions of General C.vss or General Butler upon this
question.
He rem.irked yc\steuhiy that the question of the
disposition of the public domain uevolved upon
f 111*< Ciui^ies^, for it was well understood that the
(s'eneral <Jou rnment would no longer regard it as
a source of revenue; and he therefore had a right
(o demand of candidates what course they would
puisue, if power should be given them, upon this
question, lie would tell gentlemen who were
building up platforms 011 the subject of slavery,
tlj.it there were people in the Northwest, of all
fHiIhual panics, who intended that the candidates
should make themselves peiferfly understood on
ihi.s - object.
tie was m favoi of the principle imbodied in
the ''ill which had been leported by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Ah Ui^rci.r,, j nnd it was one which
addressed itself at once to the best feelings of our
nature. It provided dimply that there should be
r.::-ants of public hind made to all the States of the
Union, lor the purpose of enabling them to found
and sustain hospital* for (he support of the mdi-
' insane. A great deal hud been said m relation
'o the Li J undt r *. on.jideratu  n, bv which they were
vote a farm to those who were not able to buy.
He was in fa«'or of this to some extent; hut he
held it first to lw their duty to provide homes foi
that c!o::s ot persons who "had been unfortunate!v
dep-ivcd of their reason.
lie wasidsu in favor of gi\in;r to the States a
reasonable quantity of the public iand, so as to .
e jable them to tound institutions of learning; be- ■
1 a jsc, ii they a ere to place any faith in the reason-
togot tuat document which lately had been regarded
^ one o;_consequence—he meant the Farewell
.Address of tne Feather of his Country——they were
to 100k to in :titutions for the dissemination of
ie? ruing as the surest basis upon which our repub-
lican structure stands.
He was in favor, to a certain extent, of the prin-
ciples of the bill now before the committee, because
he believed that by providing the means by which
honest poverty might be able to sustain itself, they
would add to" human affections and promote our
national wealth. The remainder of the public
lands he would give to works of internal improve-
ment. He then proceeded to discuss the constitu-
tional power of Congress to donate the public land
for such purposes, in the course of his lemarks re-
ferring to the inconsistency of the "Democratic party
on the question of internal improvements.
[Sec Appendix for Mr. Campbell's speech.]
Mr. CHASTAIN said that he found a disposi-
tion manifested 011 the part of the House to squan-
der the public lands, and it seemed useless to at-
tempt to resist it. He would only say that he
would vote against the proposition under consider-
ation, and likewise vote against all propositions
disposing of the public lands for railroad or inter-
nal improvement purposes.
He then referred to the latitude given to debate
in Committee of the Whole, and said that he in-
tended to avail himself of the privilege, which he
believed was recognised by the rules, of discussing
questions other than those pending before the com-
mittee. He did not propose to vindicate or make
an attack upon any of the aspirants for the Presi-
dency of either party, but simply desired to vindi-
cate his own position and the party with which
he was now acting—the Union party of Georgia.
The position of the Union party of his State
had been greatly misunderstood by some, and
greatly misrepresented by others; and he now pro-
posed to consider the causes which led to its or-
ganization, the principles upon which it stood, its
past action, its present policy, and its probable
destiny. His object was to put the Union Demo-
cracy right be-fore the country, and to defend them
from the unjust and unfounded charges which had
been so freely made against them.
The compromise nteasuies of the last Congress
were passed by the votes of a majority of the Dem-
ocratic party; those measures had gone before the
country for approval and confirmation, and the
Democratic party, by an overwhelming majority,
had approved and sanctioned them. Without in-
tending to disparage the claims of the Whigs who
aided in the adoption of these measures, he felt
authorised to repeat that the compromise was a
Democratic measure, based upon Democratic prin-
ciples, and passed by Democratic votes; and if it
entitled its supporters to any praise or honor, the
Democratic party should participate in the greater
portion of it. If, on the other hand, the measure
was one of fraud or injury to any portion of the
Union, the responsibility should fall upon the De-
mocracy. If he should be asked fot the proof of
the correctness of Ins assertion that thccoinpio-
mise was a Democratic measure, he would point
to the records of the last Congiwhich must
forever stand as an unimpeachable witness of the
truth of what he asserted. The compromise was
a consummation of those principles which our re-
publican fathers and the Democratic party had
always maintained.
When the compromise had become the law of
the land, the question of acquiescence was sub-
mitted to the people, and it became with the peo-
ple of Georgia a paramount question, and all other
political questions were absorbed m the considera-
tion of that alone During the pendency of this
subject before Congress, there had risen up a spirit
of deep and bitter opposition to the principles upon
which it was expected the question would be set-
tled, and upon which it was ultimately settled;
and threats of resistance to the Gov eminent and
a dissolution of the Union became as common as
household words with those whose morbid spirits
brooded over the destruction of the Government
with almost total mdifleience.
Befoie the final action of Congicos on the sub-
ject of the compromise, the Southern-Rights pai ty
w,*x formed, whose principles were set forth at the
Nashville Convention. Opposition fo the com-
promise was the groundwork of its action, and all
its efforts were directed to the point of making that
opposition effectual. It was declared in one of
their resolutions that all the evils anticipated by
the South had been realized by the passage of the
compromise measures. They proposed to reme-
dy this evil, as set forth in a resolution of the con-
vention, by recommending to all parties in the
slaveholding States to refuse to go into all con-
ventions whose object might be to nominate can-
didates for the Presidency and Vice Presidency of
the United States, under any party denomination
whatever, until their constitutional rights should
be secured. This was after the passage of the
compromise measures, and the Southern-Rights
party declared that they would not go into any
convention until their constitutional rights, which
they asserted had been lost by the* adoption of the
compromise, should be restored. Their second
remedy was a call for a Southern Congress, whose
; duty it was to have been to arrest future aggres-
' sion and to restore those constitutional rights
which they said they lost by the passage of the
compromise; and, if they could not do this, to pro-
vide for their future safety and independence.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, said that the gen-
tleman from Georgia seemed disposed to hold the
State-Rights party of the South responsible for the
Nashville Convention, and for all that was said
there. He desired to ask the gentleman if it was
not Ins recollection that the convention was gotten
up by Whigs and Democrats and by gentlemen
who were now State-Rights men r Had it escaped
the gentleman's recollection that Judge William
L. Sharkey, a prominent leading member of the
Union party, was the first President of the Na-
tional Convention! If any harm had been the
result of that convention, he hoped it would be
divided between its political favorers.
Mr. CHASTAIN replied that the convention
was gotten up as the gentleman had said; but he
would remark that so soon as the convention pro-
mulgated its doctrines, and showed, that they were
determined to go against the Union, then the
Union Democratic party left.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, desired to know
whether it was not within the recollection of the
gentleman that the Nashville convention was tie-
l^punced before its first meeting, before its first
organization, in the same spirit in which it has
since been denounced, by the National Intelligen-
cer, published in this city—denounced as a trea-
sonable organization, and so denounced by mem-
bers of Congress and throughout the country;
All the members of the Union party now joined
in this denunciation, which was commenced by
the Intelligencer and other papers.
Mr. CHASTAIN said that he did not see as
clear as the editors of the Intelligencer, who might
have seen the evil brewing even in anticipation of
the assembling of the convention, but he did not
see it until the convention showed its hand.
Mr. BROWN said that he was not a member of
the Nashville Convention, and had nothing to do
with getting it up, and had no responsibility on
account of its action. Now, he would ask the
gentlemen if he could say as much? Did he not,
as a member of the Legislatuie of Georgia, ha\e
h something to do with getting up the convention :
i' Mr. CHASTAIN replied that he was not a
member of the Georgia Legislature. He was,
1 however, a member of the Georgia Convention
which repudiated the doctrines promulgated by the
\ Nashville Convention, and he gloried in it.
Mr. BROWN. Do 1 understand the gentle-
| man to say that he did not vote to send delegates
ij to the Nashville Convention15
!, Mr. CHASTAIN. I did not vote to send dele-
1 gates to that convention.
Mr. C. then referred to the nomination of Mr.
McDonald, who was President.of the Nashville
, Convention, as Governor of Georgia by the South-
ern-Rights party. He said that this was the party
which professed and claimed to be the Demociatic
■ party of Georgia, and he and all other Union
Democrats in his State who refused to unite in
this organization had been held to be deserter;:
from the Democratic faith, and responsible for the
, disorganization of the Democratic party of th^
State. Now, he would ask national Democrats,
| both of the Noith and South, who gave the.r
votes and voices to the salvation of the counUv
• m that dark and momentous hour of our histoiyi
those who stood shoulder to shoulder with the
Union Democrats of Georgia: who voted for the
compromise, and in so doing said to the country
■ " Peace, be still"—he would ask them whether
they were right or wrong in resisting this disor-
ganizing movement, which was sowing broadcast
in our land the seed of discontent, and ultimately
disunion ? Were th ey deserters in giving support
to those measures which received the votes of a
majority of the party, and which had since been
I! sanctioned by more than two thiids of the Demoe-
