1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159?
both just aii(i proper that such a charge should be made, arid
that no j>o«-s.bk* injurious consequence could flow from it
cither as regard* ttie currency of the country or the future
supply of bullion, the receipts of which the Department
believes would in no way be unfavorably affected by such a
measure.
The Department has from an authentic source account sales
of a shipment of California gold dustfrom New York to Lon-
don, which produced, when melted in London, an assayed
value including the silver parted from it of £} ,0'J8 5s. Sd.
The charges attending it m England were.... 4 15 0
Net amount sterling 1,003 10 3
The same gold at the Mint in Philadelphia, would have
produced the 3um of. 9<>
Loss, one half per cent, seigniorage  24 .30
Leaving $4,893 39
Which at the exchange of ten per cent, would amount
  to £1,001 18s. 4J.
Proceeds in London, as exhibited above, are. £ 1,003 10s. £J.
Drduct fifight and insurance from New
York to Liverpool, together three quarter
percent  711 3
£305 19 .3
which leaves an advantage of 60-100 p^r cent in favor of re-
taming the bullion in the United States, even afpr pawng
the seigniorage of one halt pi r cent.
The parting, alloying, assaying, and coining of gold durt,
is an actual manufacture of a raw material from tiie crude
state in which the metal is found at the mines, and by which
its value to tiie owners, when made into coin, is increased
greatly beyond the amount of the proposed chargo by the
Mint. The Department can see no just reason whv thi?
species of manufacturing of gold should be conducted for the
benefit of individuals at the expense of the Trea^urv, which
would not equally apply to a claim fiom the agi-cuiturist to
have m like manner his wheat ground into flour.
Asageneial rule, neitiier governments nor individual'
incur a particular expend for the benefit or other-, without
making a charge theiefor, nor is the justness of this ru!e
le^ened by the arguments, that though'the benefit primarilv
inures to the individual it is ultimately for the general good
of the community, and that in the acts of'Government
such as it receives exclusively to itself, individual compe-
tition is prohibited.
in our own country the judiciary nnd the post office es-
tablishments are of the utmost importance and btnefit to
individuals as well as of great general advantage The or-
ganization and geneial management of these twoimpoitant
institutions aie reserved exclusively to the Government,
yet the parties litigant are obliged to pay the cost- of suits,
and those who use the mails are taxed to an extent that
full* reimburse-- the Treasmy for its outlay. Jn like man-
ner the progress of invention and knowledge is of vastim
portance to a nation, yer every inventor is taxed by the
Government before he can secure his patent right, and
where parties m the above cases, and m othm-, which
might be named, refuse to submit to thechargemade by the
Government, they are debarred from the benefits which
such payment would otherwise confer on them.
When bullion is coined gratuitously, it is munife-t that a
certain weightm gold is precisely of the same value an
equal weight m com. There will, therefore, be no reason
lor retaining it at home, and when the course of trade re-
quires, an export of specie, such com will at onop b«
shipped, and though it has been mamif etured at great ex-
pense, it is immediately melted and floated a- so much
bullion. It is a pretty we!!-ascertained fact that of the coin-
age executed in the [Jmted States Withri lat^ yeai r-bout
two thuds of it has been expoited, and by nu the gre it'jr
portion of it without ever having been at all m Cireulition
It is, therefoie, evident from facts, as, well na fiom common
sense, that coinage gratis has no tendency to increase the
home circulation. If a charge is made, say of one half ot
one per cent, for coinage, it is evident that com would Lie
worth one halt per cent, more than an equal weight m
bullion, and it would, therefore, be directly against the in- 1
terest of the shipper to send comas a remittance instead of j
bullion for to melt up this coin abroad, and reduce it to its un- ■
manufactured state the owner would lose one half pei cent.
The charge foi seigniorage will, therefore, lather have the 1
tendency to keep our coin at home for the circulation of the
enuntrv, or if from concurring causes it went a'uoad, it ^
would be an inducement to return it in older to save the :
loss ot the half per cent. ;
It ifi of eouisw not pretended that a seiffnioiage will pre-
vent the exportation of the pieciourf metals, but merely that 1
it will retard the shipment of coin. Unmanuiactured cold
m the form of bars and ingots should therefoie be issued by 1
the Mint for the use of those who may have occasion to '
remit precious metals, and for the icasons already stated it
vrai always be sent m.prer'erence to coin, which latter will :
remain the hist, and form the circulation of the country until
the supply of bars or ingots is first exhausted for any foi eign .
demand.
The best authorities on the subject are decidedly in favor '
of a seigniorage, in proof of which refeieuceis made to
'• Smith's Wealth of Nations,book IV., chap. 6 ; "Mills's ,
Political Economy," vol. L, chap. 9; '< McCuIloh's ,
Essays on Exchange, Intemst, Money," &.c. Ohapfei 3 of [
tiie Est.ay on Money, gives a tull view of the subject- :
Alexander Hamilton's celebrated report on the establish-
ment of a Mint i" also veiy conclusive a* regai ds ;t, and he '
recommends The imposition of a halfpei cent, sc.gmorage.
(See American State Papers, vol. VF; Finance, vol I,
pp. 95,beginning "A thud point." He concludes as foi- '
lows - "Uideran impression that a small difference be-
tween the value of the coin and the Mint price for bnl-
c ho  is the least exceptional expedient for restraining the
'melting down or exportation ot the former, and not per-
1 ceivmg if it be a very modeiate one it can be hurtful in :
4 other respects, the Secretary is inclined to an experiment i
of half per cent. The fact which has hgen mentioned
•witn regaidtothe price of gold bullion in the English
marliot seems to demonstrate that such a difference may
£be made. In ihw case there must be an immediate pay-
1 nient made for the bullion offered to the Mint."
It was unquestionably the intention of Congress who
passed the first Mint law to comply with the recommenda-
tion of Se-'ietary Hamilton, but instead of charging one
half per cent, for coinage and providing tundsfor the prompt
payment of the bullion on ascertaining its value the charge
of half per cent, was made the condition not of coinage,
but of prompt payment. It seems to have been taken for
granted that the delay of coinage would always be so <*reat
j that depositors would prefer the payment of the half per
! cent, ratjjci than await the course ot manufacture, and both
! the first and second bank of the United States were, tbere-
; tore, in the practice of cashing Mint certificates, with the
| deduction of the half per cent.
Under the present system, Government piovides funds for j
| the prompt payment ot bullion so -oon as it is assayed and i
; it* value ascertained, which is fiom one to five days after I
; the crude gold h deposited, so that not only is the coinage '
gratuitous, hut the Government advances it-- funds to the i
I amount o! many millions to the ownei-. ofbullion submitting <
, itself to the lo-iuf inteie.it and delay ofmanufactuie. If the !
, nmount nowcet ap.utin the I'reasuo f°r the use of the
• bullion fund was applied to the redemption of the public
! debr, it would save m interest, an amount nearly or quite
, ^-iCMjO.iO per annum, a loss whicii is now incurred exclu-
sively for the benefit o{ the owner.' ofbullion.
it to Europe in order to bring it back from thence in foreign
coin, particularly when the expense for seigniorage or other
charges, nearly or quite equivalent to that it is proposed to
demand in the United States, will be exacted there, with"
the still heavier additional expense of double freight and
double insurance, going and coming. It is an important
fact bearing on this subject, that in France, where the per-
manent specie circulation is by far the greatest of any other
nation, and where the coinage durmg the last year has been
unprecedentedly large, they have a seigniorage, which
shows that a charge on coinage has no effect in restrietisg
its issue or encouraging its export.
So far as a foreign demand may exist upon the United
States for gold, it is an object rather to be desired that such
demand should be supplied by the article in its crude state
rather than to subject m to all the tedious and expensive pro-
cesses through which it must pass before it assumes the
shape of coin; for the whole operation would result m loss
of labor to the country, as well as a loss of the materials
used m the process, without 'he least benefit to any one ;
for the owners of the bullion would of course receivo as
full a value for it in Europe as they could m the United
States.
It, therefore, does not appear to be either good policv or
justice to put the public Treasury to the expense of coining
gold for exportation meielv to have it remelted on its arrival
m Europe. It maybe as well to state that the cost in Phila-
delphia for acids employed in the parting process amounts,
for this single item of expense, to §150,000 annually.
Two thirds of which, besides the labor, 13 an actual loss
This loss., however, will be avoided for the future, and H to the country, if, as there is little doubt of the fact, that
      ' • proportion of our entire coinage has been exported to
Europe and there melted up and recomed.
The expenses connected with the preparation and coin-
age of gold bullion is greater at the present branches than
at the Mint in Philadelphia, and will be still more so at
San Francisco, when Congress establishes a Mint there ;
but the Department would respectfully suggest that the
law on the subject should be so worded as to make-the
1 without creating any inconvenience to depositors, should !
Uonsref* p ivs ri.e lull authorizing Mint certificates to be i
, recene& 1,1 p-ij.uent o1' ail due* to the United States, and 1
: dtircting the pre-eut bullion fund to the extinguishment of ■
I so much of the public debt.
! The present and propo- cd ariang^ments at the Mint, it ;
1 may be confidently asserted, afloid greater lacihties tor the >
I piompt leahzation of bullion deposited for coinage, and at
a less aggregate expense than at any other national Mint i ehaige uniform <a the Mint and its present, as well as any
i in the woild.
! A seigmorase or charge for coinage inav exist in fact,
, though tiie coinage be nominally giatuitou®. Thus, if the ,
owm r 01 bullion be delayed two months at the Mint before
, he can ree< ive coin m letuin, this delay,estimating interest '
, at the rate of sik per cent., ts equal to one pei cent, for loss '
j ot' liueieM: on in-- money, tor it would be the same to htm, ;
! whether be obtained prompt pay for bis bullion with a de- '
,; duction, either as a charge lon-eigmorage or for the advance |
! of the money, of one pei cent., "or waited two months to j
get toe full value. A cli.uge of tin- kind exists in every j
| other conniiy but our own; nowhere eke is prompt pay- i
i ment made lor tne value of bullion without any discount, j
! for even in .England, as has been stated above, the bank re- i
j tain-5 three cents per ounce, equal, at the average late of I
, interest there, to the inteicst of twenty-five days. j
i ills proposed to limit the charge of seigmoiage to the :
j actual expense, but in no event to allow it to ba more than :
| one
new branches which may be established, with, of course,
the proposed maximum limit of one per cent.
For the reasons already assigned, the Depntment is con-
vinced, that under the proposed new coinage law the de-
positors of gold dust will universally require bars or ingot*,
in which case, the expense of furnishing the needful addi-
tional coin that may be required for the circulation of the
country will, so far as the eo*t of coinage is concerned,
have to be at the expense of the National Treasury, and
the only chargo to the owners of the bullion will be the
very small one of forming it into large ingots.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. L. HODGE,
Acting Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. George S. Houston,
Chairman Committee JVays and Means,
United States House of Representatives.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
i<> percent ; huttiom the be-tintormationthe;Depaitnient ;j adoption of the amendment.
possesses, the charge will probably not exceed five eighths !| rTf>TTST,n'M ttn
of one per cent., which h ako intended to include the
present chaige duthonzed by law for the parting of the
silver
J t the act respecting the new silver coinage now before
Congress should become a law, by which the Mint and lis
branches are authoiized, at the option of the depositors, to
com hats or ingots, and the charge for so doing 1$ limited to
the actual e\peris-e, it will, for ingots ofsviO or £100, be mUcii
less than tiie above estimate, and -till mote so if they are
ioad  of the denomination of $500 01 $1,000, or ev^n of
larger amounts. Under a provision of that kind, the prob-
ability 1-, that all the depositor would require their bullion
to be returned m ingots ot large dennmm.itioi.s ; for, with
1 lie Mint sia.np. diey would be equally vihnihle arid avail-
able as com, either tor banking pu( po<es or for expoitation,
and being subject to a gieat)\ le>s charge at the Mint, would
ot eomse bo moie ivii\erra'h prepared.
The=e largo ingots would also nave a preference over
Mr. HOUSTON. Upon Unit question the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk informs the Chair
that the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. They were ordered the other
day, and upon that the House adjourned.
The SPEAKER. The record does not show it.
Mr. HART. 1 call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLEVELAND, I would inquire, for in-
formation, if this tenth section is an amendment
reported by the committee?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. CLEVELAND. Then I hope it will pas«.
, - , , , . - „ The question was then taken, and it was de-
eom, oy the public and puvate oanking institutions of the f en inn s 1
cou,iut,> be .ct.nncdintl.AJr vaults a  specie capital,^,,d ?lded In the'le?ative—yeas 50, nays 108; asfol-
mall cases of foreign demand would possess the advan- 'j lows:
tages jos cxpoitat'on of being more convenient, and, also, ,j YEAS—Messrs. William Appleton, Bococfc, Braww, L.
would not be subject to loss in weight by abrasion, as is ^ K ~ .
always the case, to a greater or less extent, with coin '
lias been in general circulation; for the value of ou      
abioad, as aire ady stated, is exclusively governed by its ■ j G. Harris, Sampson W. Han is, Hibbard, Hoiladay^ Houi"
weight a* bullion. ' *^  '  •* • •
Under the sj ^fcpm of assaying large mgots, the coinage of
the Mint would probably be hunted to the comparative
small amount of ten oi fifteen mihions annually, as the
supply of com would only be requned fi r the actual w ants
o: the cotintiy, and the above \early additional amount
would scon satmate the eneuUtion, particulaily as the
substitution ol ingots would let loose a vast amount of com
now re--twi-i m the vaults ot the banks, and would likewise,
to a considerable extent, no doubt, be u^ed as genera' cir-
culation betv\ ten banking institutions and in
tran-aenoi^.
Itmayaiso ha ohs^rv.->d, thit there is nothing
the existing or proposed law wh.eh prevents owners of gold
dust fiom having it patted, alloyed, and cast into any sized
jngots or bars iiv pnwin ludividuali, if ihey prefer to do >o,
or can have n done more economically than a? the Mint;
a-id when thus [iroperlv jirepT-cd. a« i-s now done m Eng-
land, they could bring it to the Mint enhei fu: its stamp as
mgyfs, oi to b« changed into com ar th'i option of the pai - . .
ties, and paying only the actual expense which may attend I Perm, Polk, Poittr, Richaid<on, R'ddle, Kobie, Robin
ton, Ives, Jackson, George VV Jones, Letcher. Mam, Me-
Lauahan, Henr> D. Moore, Moiehead, Samuel W. Parker,
Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps, Robhms, Savage, Scudder,Smart,
Smith, Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Stone",'Walbndgc, Wash-
burn, Welch, Wells, and Addnon Wnite—T>0.
NAYS—Messrs. Aborcrombie, Aiken, W. Allen, Ashe,
Averett, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Ciyly, Beale, l>eJl,
Bis-:eli, Brenton, Briggs, Biooks, George £1. Brown. Bur-
rows, Burt, lJuiby, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Thompson
... v.1.- i Campbell, ('amer, Onapman, Chastam, ('hurchwell, Geo.
settling large 'i l)avis5 Dawson, Doty, Edgerton, Edmuudson, Fitch,
11 Florence. Fowler, Ficeman, Gajlord, Giimoie, Gorman,
nng either in ;! Grcsn, Giey, Fiamiitoj), Uammond, Tlarjver, Hai-t, H.iv/s,
- " Haven, Hdher, Horsford, Howard, John VV. Ilowe,Tho-.
M. Howe, Hunter, Ingcr-mll. Andrew John-.cn, Ja?. John-
son, John Johnson, Holier? W. Jobu-on. J, (iKmev Clones,
George G. King, Preston King, Kuhns/Kmir, Loekharr,
Cdward C. Marshall. Martin, Mason. MeMulhn, Mc\Ta;r,
MoQ.ueen, Meade. MiHet. Molonj . John Moore, Mmrison,
Murphy, Nrahers, Newton, O'd-s, (3ir, Outlaw. Andrew Par-
the one or the otiier process.
It is difficult to lui'ler-tand how the proposed charge for
on, Ivost.. Hcnoomnaker, ^euiry.I). U. Sejinour, .Snow,
Frederick P. Stanton. Uichurd 11. Canton, Alexander II.
seigniorage can in any waj afleet either the ^npplv ot gold > Stratton. Stu;\rt, Butheiland. Sw'eetser, i a\k«r,
to the country or its cneuLuion here. If the couise of trade ! j ^a'"
requires an export of gold from the United States, no poa-    * "~J
slble f dvant,ige can acciue bv flist bringing the bullion here
and saddling the Trea^iuy or individuals with the expense
of coinuye, for the mere purpose of immediately transfer-
ring the com thus made to foreign crucibles; and it, on the
contrary, an expoitdemand does not exist, our citizens who
are tiie owners of this crude gold bullion will hardly send
lace, VVaikins, Wilcox, Woodward, and Yates—108.
So the amendment was rejected.
The SPEAKER. Another amendment is pro-
posed to the bill by the Committee on Ways und
Afeans, which will be reported to the House,
it was read, as follows:
