1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
685
racy? Were they deserters in refusing assent to
the principles of the Nashville Convention, and
m refusing to unite in its recommendation not to
go into any National Convention under any party
name whatever, for the purpose of nominating;
candidates for the next Presidency? But this
self-styled Democratic party, which censured the
Union Democrats for saying that they would go
into Convention, now asserted that they were the
true Democracy, and that nobody else but they
had the right to assemble in National Convention.
Mr. C. then referred to the platform of the Geor-
gia Union party, which he said had determined,
by a large majority, to acquiesce in the compro-
mise measures. Although they did not concur in
ihe whole of them, yet they had determined to
abide by them as the settlement of the slavery
question. This they proposed to do in good faith,
and it was what they expected and required from
other parts of the country. The finality and faith-
ful performance of the compromise in all its parts
is and wrvs the Georgia platform. They intended
to hold these principles to the end, and invited all
to their cooperation who desired to unite to put
down further agitation, and who desired to secure
constitutional rights to their section of the coun-
try. He had no hesitation in making the declara-
tion that there was no measure which the Georgia
Union Democratic party supported, nor any prin-
ciple which they advocated, which was not in
strict accordance with the well-settled doctrines of
national Democracy. !
[See Appendix for Mr. Ciiastain's speech.] !
Mr. OLDS said that the Democratic party !
throughout the United States looked with no or- |
dinary anxiety to the result which shall be an- ■
nounced through the ballot-box at the next
dential election. He wished to send
warning voice to the Democracy of
and call their attention to the exhibitions
had taken place here, which proclaimed to the
people of the country that the Democratic party— ■
that party to which they were looking for success
and a maintenance of the present form of Govern-
ment—was m danger of being divided. Such had ,
been the result that the organ of the Adminstra- -
tion had grown very bold, and proclaimed to the
world that ihe Administration feared not the De- 1
rnocracy of the country; for that party was so !
divided that they could not pass a single resolution ;
condemmnga single measure of the Administration.
The organ had grown bold in what it had seen to
be the divided counsels of the Democratic party.
If they were to understand the organ of the Ad-
ministration, notwithstanding this had been a cor- f
rapt Administration, notwithstanding it had run J
not with the public money, yet they were casting
into their teeth the assertion that the Democratic
party was divided, and could not pass a resolution
condemning one single act of the Administration.
The responsibility rested upon the Democratic
puity; for whenever a resolution was introduced
condemning a single measure of the Administra-
tion, some prominent member of the Democratic
party had been found to defend the Administra-
tion.
He did not propose to express a preference for
this candidate or that candidate for the Presidency,
it, was sufficient for him to say that, amongst all
the prominent gentlemen whose names had been
mentioned in connection with the office of Presi-
dent, there was not one whom he would not infi-
nitely prefer to the best Whig in the country. He
did not wish to see prominent men of his party
placed m such a position that when a nomination
should be made, it could be said that this promi-
nent Democrat had said this or that of their can-
didate. He did not wish to be compelled to defend
the candidate of the convention to assemble in
June from any assertions mad? by members of the
Democratic party. He heard with pleasure the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mi.
Breckinridoe] iii lefeience to General Butler:
and if that jrentleman should receive the nomina-
tion of the Democratic party, he should be must
happy to defend him against the attacks of the
Whis p^rty. If Mr. Dorr.i *s should receive the
nomination, lie should be just as happy to battle
in his behalf: or if General Cass should be nomi-
nated, he should h« as happy to do battle under
his banner.
Voicr-3. What about Mr. Buchanan:
Mr. OLDM said, that if any distinguished gen-
tleman who had been named in connection with
the Presidency should receive the nomination of
the Baltimore Convention, he would bemosthappy
to do battle under his flag.
Mr. 0. then replied to the remarks of Mr. C, in
reference to the position of the Democratic party
on the question of internal improvements, and de-
nied that General Cais's opinions were unknown
on that subject, referring his colleague to the votes
of that gentleman on the subject. He called the
attention of the committee to the fact, which stood
out in bold relief, that notwithstanding all the
clamors for reform, and that Administration had
succeeded Administration, yet the expenses of the
Government had increased enormously year after
year; and so long as the National Treasury should
be replenished from such sources as revenues from
the public lands, just so long could the adminis-
tration of the country run riot with the public
money. He spoke of the reform advocated by the
Whig party; and in contradistinction to this, re-
ferred to the Galphmisms, Chickasawisms, G-ardi-
nerisms, &c., connected with the present Adminis-
tration. He then advocated the bill before the
committee, and was in favor of giving the land to
actual settlers, in limited quantities. j
Mr. Olds' speech will be found in the Appen- j
dix. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, obtained the j
floor.
M. BROWN, of Mississippi. I ask the gentle-
man to allow me to offer an amendment to the bill.
I wish to offer it at this stage of the proceedings,
"that it may be discussed along with the general
proposition. '
Mr. DAVJS yielded for that purpose.
Mr. BROWN submitted the following amend-
1 meat:
i A bill to peipetuate preemption to actual settlers on the
J public lands.
: Be it enacted by ihe Senate and House of Reprewnta-
| tives of the. United States of America in Congress assem-
j bled, That the laws now In force, granting preemption to
I actual settlers on the public lands, shall continue until oth-
| eiwise oidered by Congiess, and that the same be extended
i to all the Territories of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlndbeil further enacted. That fiom and aftei
the passage ol' tins act, ihe rights oi preemptors shall ho
peipetuated: that is to s-ay. person* acquiring the right ot
preemption -hall retain the same without distuibance, and
without paj rnent of an v kind to the United State?, but on
these conditions: Firn. The preemptoi hliall not sell, alien-
ate, or dispose of his oi her right for a consideration; and if
he ui she voluntarily abandon* one preemption and claims
anothei, no light shall be acquired by such claim until the
claimant shall first have testified, under oath, befoie the
register of the land office when the claim i^> preferred, that
he or she has voluntarily abandoned In- ot her original
preemption, and that no consideration, toward, or payment
of any kind ha> been received, oi h expected, directly or
induecth, as an inducement ibi such abandonment; ntid
am pexon who^-hall testily ialselv in such case shall be j
deemed guilty of peijurv. Second. Any poison claiming 1
I and holding the ugiit Ol picemption to lands underline act, \
' may be required by the State witlnn which the same lies to 1
j pa> taxes theieon, m the same manner and to the same ex- ;
I tent as if he or she owned the said land m fee simple ; and j
I in ea*e such lands <ue sold foi taxes, the pinclia^er shall :
j aequne the right of ptpfuiption only. Third. .Absence of
i the preetnptor and lus family for six consecutive months 1
i shall bo deemed an abandonment, and the land shall, m
j such case, revert to the United States, and he subject to the !
■ same disposition a-, other public lands. ;
i Slc. 3. And he it further enacted, That lands preempted, ■
| and the impn>\ entente iheieon, shall not be subject to e.\e-
j eution sale or otbet -ale tor debt; and all contracts made in
i lefeicnee thereto, intended m anywise to alienate the right,
i or to embaira&"soi distuih tiie preeinptoi m his or her oecu-
I pancy, shall be itb-iolutely mill and void.
j Sec.-1. .jndhcit farther enacted. That tin- predmptot
1 may at am time, at in-, or tun discretion, entei the land-* pie- 1
j empted by paying there loi to the piopci officer of the United
; State- ST> per acre.
| Skc. Jind le fhiVner enacted* That m case of the
| piecinptor's death, il a mann-'d man, hi • rii'hr '-hall muvin e
! to his widow and infant clnldi< n, but ihe light*- of the oldei
; children shall cca^j as they re^-pectiveh ionic of age, or
' when the\ Mial! reach the nge o( i \venty-oii«* \vais. In all
: cases the light or puvmption <h.ill rem.an in the \oungesi
' child. And in case of the death of both lather and mother,
! leaving an mfuit child or ehildien, the <\ecutoi, adnnni—
I irator, ot guauhan. ma>, upon .submitting satisfactory prooi
I o! that fact to tin-; rcgi<tci urn! i< eeivcr of the proper land
i ofi-ee, demand a ecitificate of tide to ihe lauds so pre-
; empted lor He* benefit ot ^aid nil.mt child or children, and
| maj tbereattei -.ell said land-, or otherwise dispose of them
' lui "the bunelit of the infant child oi children al'menud
i Mr. FOWLER. "With the permission of my
1 colleague, I move thnt the committee rise.
[A message wan here received t'lom the Senate
by the hands of their Secretary, A^btrv Dici;-
■ iks, Esq.]
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
[A message uns here received from the Senate,
1 by the hands of Mr. Pitkin's, their Secretary, in-
formm  tlu Home that that h<>dy had lii-n-Ued
upon their disagreement to the amendments of the
House to the bill providing for the assignability
of bounty land warrants, and had agreed to the
conference asked by the House; and that they had
appointed Messrs. Felch, Shields, and Smith,
as managers on their part.]
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers upon the
motion that the committee rise; which were or-
dered , and Messrs. Chandler and Freeman* were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and there being—
ayes 87, a further count was not insisted upon.
So the motion was agreed to.
The committee roseaecordingly, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had the Union gen-
erally under consideration, and particualarly the
special order, being House bill No, 7, to encour-
age agriculture, and for other purposes, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be in order for me to
make a motion now, I will ask the House tocleai
the Speaker's table of the bills and communica-
tions which are there.
Mr. MASON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. FOWLER. I ask the gentleman to give
way that me may dispose of a few bills.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia, moved that when
the Houseadjourned, it adjourns to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is the motion to
adjourn until to-morrow or Monday ?
'The SPEAKER. It is a motion to adjourn
until to morrow.
The question was then taken, and il was decided
in the affirmative.
So the House adjourned until to-morrow at
twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petitions, rnemoiials, &c., weie presentep
umlei the rule, and referred to the appropriate committee? :
By Mr. GREEN : The petition of citizens of YVyandoir
county, Ohio, pi aying Congress to so amend the bounty
land law as to make equal provision for the widows of de-
ceased military officcic and soldiers, whether mamed o.
unman led
Also, the remonstiunce of 56 citizens of Crawfoid county,
Ohio, against the extension of the patent of Woodwoith
planing machine.
By Mr. GOODENOW: The remonstrance of Benjamin
Allen and 49 others, citizens of Franklin count}, Maine,
agam-t the renewal of the patent granted to Au,stm and
Zebuion Parkei for alleged improvements in reaction water-
• wheel-.
! By Mr. Mil. LER. The petition of the heirs of Jame& Ilus-
j sell, of Cape Girardeau county, Missouri, piaying Congress
1 to confirm a title to a tract of land in said county.
Also, the petition of John Byrd, piaying Congress to eon-
film a title to land m the same county.
! By Mi. CONGER: The petition of John Burt and other?,
, foi the establishment of mail routes—
1st. From Sault Ste. Mane, by way of Giand Island, i«>
i Marquette, in the count} ot Marquette, Michigan.
1 3d. Fiom Navanno, oi Green Ray, Wisconsin, by wa>
| of Mule Bay de Noquet, to Maiquettu.
' 3d. From Marquette, by way of Le Aim^e, Hougfctoj 
! county, to Kagle Kivei.
4th. From Le Aunse to Ontonagon, Ontonagon county,
' Michigan, and thence to La Point and Fond Du Lac, m
Minnesota Terutory.
By Mi. APPLETON7, of Massachusetts: The petition ■ f
i Tnoma-5 B. Cuius and others, citizens of Massaci:u«?eit-,
praj in« that further aid be granted hy Oon<(it"^ im th-> .<np -
. poit of tlie Collin^* line of steamei&.
By Mi. OUKTES The petition of cifizcns of Clarion
, count}', Pennsylvania, pra}jnfi for a modification u.,-
taiilT of 184C.
Also, one of like import fium the count) oi L.v.vk'hcp,
Peiin>ylvania.
AUo. a [>etition fiom citi/.eu^ of Ciawfoul and U'atien
; counties, Pennsylvania, lor the e^tahiislnnentofft mail ioui^
from Titu-\dle, \ m Hnteipuse and Voung-'\i)ie, i; Su^ax
. Grove, AVauen county.
B\ Mi BABOOCK • The remoi^ii;mce of Citi/.-n^ oT
Oswego county, N'ew Yoik, ayam-i the reinv.i! ui t!,.-
' Wooduoirh patent.
By Mr. MOORE, oi I'enns} 1 vain*a : Thice mrui* n,il . <m
citizens of Phlhidplplna, in ni-,oi <>i an e\iCii-ion oi ne'
Woodwoirh patent.
memo)uiU of citizen^ oi lielaw.ne t:.-'ttnl> , .uni of
, Get maiitown. I'enn'-vlvania. a-kinj> lot an imcndiiient
! the bounty land act of 185U
B\ Mr. FLOVU: The petition oi itsulenuof I'oitJef
kistm, thnt Port Jelfer.-on he made a poit c f delivery-
I By Mi. OURKCK- The lemonstranee of H. Y. Co*
' and C'">7 otheis, of the ooumy (.f Racme, W'lS.^oiiMn, a^aii.^t
tiie renewal of WoodwoiihN p.itent
Bv Mr JONE^, of New York: The petition of ."?arah
■ Pmith, widow of Corneltu^ Smuij.late a Migrant in ihe
Fnited Pnte- Armv. for relief
P,\ Mi. oi Pennsylvania: fie^olar.oii* uf ;n
