2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
to be in the same proportion in the South as at the
North, and in some parts there ought to be a
greater accumulation. But that is not a sectional
question. No question can be made on that score,
because the North has occasion, in point of fact,
to use the lights at the South as much as those on
their own coast. It is their commerce, their ships
that navigate along that coast, and it is important
to them, to escape shipwrecic, to have the coast
properly lighted.
There is one point of importance which is de-
veloped by the report of that board. In some
parts of the country, people have been ever anxious
to come forward and insist on the necessity of
having lights at different points, and by urging it,
have procured light-houses to be established in
neighborhoods where there was not much occa
sion for them. A good deal of money has been
expended *m that way that need not have been
expended. That, of course, has not applied to all
sections of the country.
We need reform, and an examination of that
book will demonstrate it. Gentlemen say they
have not read the book. I am sorry for it. When
the Senate is called upon to act upon the subject,
they ought to be prepared. I could very well ex-
cuse my friend from Massachusetts, if he had not
carefully examined it.
Mr. DAVIS. I have examined the report.
Mr. DE SAUSSURE. But he has examined it.
I could very well excuse him if he had not, be-
cause I know he is a very laborious Senator. His
hands have been full of another subject, which he
has elaborated with great care, and to the great sat-
isfaction of the Senate—I mean the steamboat bill.
But other Senators have said that they have not
-examined the book. The Senator from Florida
"has not had it in his power to do so. The evidence
lias been before us a great while. I regret it has
aiot been examined, for it is my firm conviction,
that if Senators had examined the testimony, so
elaborately prepared, and the result of which has
been set before us by the board which was ap-
pointed, they would all havecome to the conclusion
that I have come to—that this subject requires to be
acted upon, and that promptly; and that that board
has pointed out the proper mode of proceeding.
The plan which they suggest may be full of de-
fects.
I regret to say that I have not come to the same
conclusion with the Senator from Massachusetts.
Instead of there being greater expenses entailed
upon us by the reform which is advocated, I be-
lieve it is a cheaper system. I believe that by it
you will greatly'diminish the number of lights in
some parts of the country, instead of increasing
them. And although there may be an increase in
•other parts, yet, upon the whole, I have come to
ithe conclusion that there will bean economy in the
system which the board recommend. I have ex-
amined the difference between the dioptric light
And the reflectors. It is true, the reflectors may
answer in some parts of the country, after they
have been improved. With that alteration, 1 un-
derstand they are of a superior character, and may
answer the purpose instead of the lenticular light.
J3ut the dioptric light, upon the whole, I think is
the best- It may be that it will be the most ex-
pensive at the outset, but it is not the most ex-
pensive in the end. The first eost maybe expen-
sive, when you come to set up and establish one
of these lights. As the French say, " C*est lepre-
mier pas qui conte "—it is the first step which costs.
After that, the expense is comparatively small.
The system now presented to us has been elab-
orately prepared in the House in the bill which
they have presented to us. I regret that no com-
mittee of the Senate has examined it carefully.
The House has adopted it upon testimony which
you yourselves directed to be prepared. I have
examined it, and my judgment is satisfied that
their system is right, and that it will be the cheap-
est. 1 know well that it will give a better light
than the present. Unquestionably there are im-
provements to be made which they have not sug-
gested, but i think they have devised the proper
method of carrying out the work. The persons
appointed under the act of last session to superin-
tend the matter were competent to do it. I do not
understand that the board which it is now pro-
posed to establish, is one which will claim any
compensation out of the Treasury. On the con-
trary, it ia to be composed of officers who belong
to the Government; whose talents, whose time,
whose services, belong to the country. I under-
stand that the services are to be performed by
those parties. Why not try the experiment?
My friend from Massachusetts says all boards
fail I have not sufficient experience to speak
with great certainty upon that subject, but I have
known some boards to succeed. I have known
some boards to carry out systems very well. When
there was a new system to be struck out, a code
of laws to be organized, I have known some
boards, without compensation, patriotically to de-
vote their attention to it, and elaborate it most suc-
cessfully, and carry it into execution. They left
it toother parties afterwards, who succeeded them,
to continue that service. It may be in some in-
stances that they failed. That may depend upon
the persons selected. I believe, however, that
you have a great many very intelligent, capable,
and patriotic persons in your Navy, whose atten-
tion could be turned to this subject. A great many
of them are out of service; I may say they are
out of active employment, at all events; and i
have no doubt it would be a relief to them to be
enabled to devote a portion of their time to the
country. I think that the means for the selection
and composition of this board are very large, and
that Congress would be able to make such a selec-
tion as would carry out the purpose contemplated
by the system.
Now, when you have the evidence, when you
have been at great pains to procure it—when it
has been methodized and reduced to a system,
what objection is there made to the plan proposed?
Why, that gentlemen have not had time to exam-
ine it. It may be that it would have been better
to have examined it, but, as was well suggested
by the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,]
who preceded me, you are about to encounter
the short session, and you will have very little
time to arrange any great matters of this sort.
The whole system cannot be carried out then.
You have only three months; therefore, it strikes
me now is the time to enter upon the system. It
has been carefully prepared; it is before you; and
I think we had better adopt it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not wish to say anything
more on this subject. All I desire is, that the
Senate should vote upon the question.
Mr. MALLORY. If I had perused the work
alluded to by the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, I should perhaps have come to the same
conclusion that he does. I should have felt con-
strained, however, to have examined the work in
connection with other evidence upon the same
subject which is in the Treasury Department. I
have no objection to—on the contrary, I am de-
cidedly in favor of, improving, or rather system-
izing the plan of lighting the coast. I know the
gystem is defective, but I have yet to learn that
any of the mariners of this country, or of any
other commercial people who trade with us, as a
general thing, find fault with the lights on the
coast. As to this work of nearly eight hundred
pages, Senators will have an opportunity between
this and the next session to give it a full examin-
ation.
Mr. DAVIS. There is nothing more true than
the remark made by the Senator from Florida, as
he took his seat, that the complaints against the
present system do not come from the navigators.
They spring up in Washington. They are made
here by men who have no concern with naviga-
tion. Now, I am not surprised that my worthy
friend from South Carolina, if he really believes
all the statements which are contained in that book,
as he seems to do, should be led to the conclusion
that he adopts. But, sir, can all that is m that
book be true? Is it possible that the lights in this
country should be in such a condition as they are
represented there, and yetgive a reasonable degree
of satisfaction to the public? As far as I recollect,
in all that book, there is not one thing in the pres-
ent system that the board approves of. I read it
with some care and attention,and I was astonished
at the declarations made in it. For, while I will
not deny that there are defects in it, yet, in a sys-
tem like this, which has stood more than half a
century,*to find no one thing to approve of in it,
is a little extraordinary. I hold that the report is
an unfair, unjust, and an exaggerated statement of
facts. I say this with all due deference and re-
spect to the gentlemen who put their names to
that report. 1 suppose some other persons have
collected the testimony which they present—it was
not obtained from their own observation; it has
been derived from other sources, and they have
been misled as to the facts.
1 wish to add a word as to economy. My
worthy friend from South Carolina thinks there
is greater economy in the lens system, simply be-
cause it burns less oil. Now, you may go to the
Department, and find that there has never been
a lenticular light introduced which has not cost
$10,000, independent of the structure and lantern
in which it is put. You put the greater part of
your lights into operation for some $3,000 or
$4,000. Now, if economy is to be considered at
all, in the United States—and I do not know that
it is—the system which we pursue is recommended
by its economy; and that is one of the apologies
for its defects; for whatever else may be said of
the administration of this Department, it has al-
ways been economical,and always adopted views
with a prudent regard to expenditure. There may
be imperfect light-houses. I know there are. But,
on the other hand, there are good houses. There
may be imperfect reflectors. On the other hand,
there are good reflectors; and all reflectors may
now be made with suitable form—with a form
that is mathematically correct. And when they
are properly adjusted, they are good lights. Tney
may not give as much light as the lenses; but they
are good lights, and they answer the public pur-
pose at a much less expense. Many gentlemen
can certainly understand me, when I say, that the
economical comparisons in the report, are made
with lamps that light the whole horizon—that pre-
supposes that you are to light the whole horizon.
When you use lenses, you have but one lamp;
and whether you want to light one fourth, one
half, or the whole horizon, you use the same quan-
tity of light. But every reflector has its own light,
and as you diminish the reflectors, you diminish
the quantity of light. The board do not suffer
that to come into the comparison; and the effect
is to mislead us on that point. I say that this
whole subject ought to be scrutinized with care,
and carried out with a careful and just considera-
tion as to expense; and it should not be taken up
and crowded down our throats on the very last
days of the session, as it is now proposed to do.
The bill which established the board that has made
this report, was brought in here last year, under
such an emergency that you could not read the
title of it, and it was passed, upon a hasty vote,
without reading. Then it took a man to run as
rapidly as he could to the other House, to get it
there so that it might be signed in time. That is
the way this board was created; and it is now
proposed to continue it in much the same way. I
am opposed to it; but I am not opposed to a good
system of lights.
Mr. PRATT asked for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a great respect for
the opinions of the Senator from South Carolina.
Amongst others, he has given us one that this bill
is defective. He has examined it thoroughly, and
perused the authority upon which it is based, and
he says it is defective. Now, we ought not hast-
ily to commence an important system, which is
acknowledged to be defective, which is tu lead to
a great expenditure of money. We should make
it perfect. The fact that a board of officers, com-
petent for the purpose, should have reported in
favor of a measure, commends it to my respect
and investigation, but not to my support, or to its
adoption in the Senate. I entertain due respect
for the opinions of others; but if we are to consti-
tute boards for the shaping out of subjects for this
body to adopt, we had better, in the first place,
and to save trouble, invest them with power to de-
clare them as edicts, and we become the register-
ing power alone. If we have a right to do any-
thing, we have a right to investigate the measures
recommended by boards. I must confess, that,
in many instances, the reports of boards do not
commend subjects to my favorable consideration,
much respect as I may have for the gentlemen
composing them. I am not always disposed to
adopt their reports, because their opinions may
be moulded by what is called outside pressure
here.
It is but this moment that the civil and diplo-
matic bill was finally passed in the House of Rep-
resentatives by a single vote, owing, perhaps, to
an obnoxious amendment, introduced into it upon
my motion. That seems to me to augur some-
