1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2468
thing to the Senate. That that bill should be passed
by one single vote, and that the casting vote of the
Speaker, speaks something of a most extraordi-
nary character.
As the honorable Senator from Florida has
said, we shall have ample opportunity for investi-
gating this enormous volume between this and the
next meeting of Congress, or during the next ses-
sion; and then we will be enabled to vote under-
standingly upon the subject, instead of adopting
it now; when I will venture to say, two Senators
of this body have not had the opportunity of com-
paring the testimony collected by these gentlemen
and endorsed by their opinion, with the evidence
registered in the Fifth Auditor's Office. For this
reason I cannot vote for the measure, but will vote
for the amendment of the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 10, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Me&sis. Brodhead, Clarke, Davis, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Mallory, Mangum,
and Miller—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bayard, Borland, Bright,
Brooke, Butler, Cass, Charlton, Chase, Cooper, Dawson,
Pe Sau&suie, Dodge of Iowa, Downs, Felch, Fish, Gwin,
Hunter, Jones'of Iowa, Mason, Morton, Pearce, Pratt,
RusjU, Spruance, Toucey, Wade, and Weller—28.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendments were concurred in and
ordered to be engrossed; and the bill was ordered
to be read a third time. It was read a third time
and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business,
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it agreed to the 4th, 9th, 20th, and
27th amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1853; and that it dis-
agreed to the 1st, 2d, 3d, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 10th,
11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th, 19th,
21st, 22d, 23d, 24th, 25th, 26th, 28th, 29th, and
30th amendments of the Senate to the same.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House to the bill
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and on
motion by Mr. Hunter, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on their amendments
disagieedto by the House, and ask a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
Ordey ed, That the Committee of Conference be appointed
by the President pro tcm.
Mr. Bright, Mr. Dawson, and Mr. Brod-
head were appointed accordingly.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk, announcing that it insisted on its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the bill
making; appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853; that it
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Mr. Houston, Mr. Stanly, and Mr.
Gorman, managers at the same on their part.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it agreed to some, and disagreed to
other amendments of the Senate to the bill making
appropriations for the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1853.
The Senate proceeded to consider their amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives to the bill making appropriations for the
Post Office Deparment during the fiscal year end-
ing the 30th ofjune, 1853, and on motion by Mr.
Hunter, it was
Resolvei, Thatthey insiston their amendments disagreed
to by tlie House, and ask a conference oil the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
The Committee of Conference was ordered to
be appointed by the President pro tern.
Mr. Miller, Mr. Rusk, and Mr. Felch were
appointed.
A message was subsequently received from the
House of Representatives, announcing that it
agreed to the conference asked by the Senate on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1853, and that it had appointed Mr.
Brooks, Mr. Penn, and Mr. Ficklin, a Commit-
tee of Conference on their part.
POST ROADS BILL.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it agreed to the 20th amendment
of the Senate to the bill to establish certain post
roads; that it disagreed to the 39th,"43d, 44th,
45th, 46th, 47th, 48th, 49th,50th, and 53d amend-
ments of the Senate; and that it agreed to the res-
idue of the amendments of the Senate.
COMMITTEE ON MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. SOULE. The Select Committee, to which
were referred the memorials of American citizens
complaining of the action of the late Board of
Commissioners on the claims submitted to their
adjudication, have devoted to the discharge of the
duties imposed upon them as much time, labor,
and attention as they possibly could under the
pressure of other exigencies, arising out of their
required attendance at the sessions of the Senate,
and at such standing committees as they are mem-
bers of respectively. They have been able to dis-
pose finally of nineteen memorials out of the sixty-
five referred to them, and have been employed for
six weeks past in taking testimony. They have
now reached that point in their investigation which
induces the hope that, if permitted to proceed on
with their labors during the recess of Congress,
they will be enabled to present themselves to the
Senate early the next session with a full and com-
plete report. In the mean time, as it will become
necessary to procure testimony at no small ex-
pense to the Government, they desire that the
Secretary of the Senate be clothed with sufficient
authority that he may provide for such expenditures
as may be deemed advisable by the committee;
and the resolution which I now send to your table
is destined to elicit the sense of the Senate with
reference to the expediency of continuing the com-
mittee in the exercise of their powers, and of in-
curring the expense which the seeking for testi-
mony may render indispensable. I now present
the resolution; and L hope the Senate will pass it
at once.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Select Committee on Mexican claims
appointed on the 36th of Febiuary, J85'2, be continued duiing
the ensuing recess of the Senate, and that the Secretary of
the Senate pay out of the contingent fund such charges as
may be necessarily incurred under the direction oi the com-
mittee in obtaining testimony.
There being no objection, the resolution was read
a second time and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. HALE. Since I have been here various
applications of this sort have been made to extend
the sessions of committees into the vacation, but
they have been uniformly refused with one single
exception; and that was in regard to the Commit-
tee on Printing. But since that time that com-
mittee has not sat here during the recess, but its
clerk has been substituted for it. It seems to me
that it is a new and dangerous principle to under-
take, by special legislation of this sort, to extend
the functions of Senators during the whole year;
but if nobody else makes objection to this I shall
not.
The resolution was read a third time and passed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORTS.
On a motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the resolutions reported by
the Committee on Printing on the 29th of April,
in favor of printing the report of the Commission-
er of Patents, for the year 1851, in relation to arts
and manufactures; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Also, the resolution reported by the Committee
on Printing the 29th of April, "that seventeen
'thousand additional copies of the report of the
' Commissioner of Patents relating to arts and
'manufactures be printed, fifteen thousand copies
4 thereof for the use of the Senate, and two thou-
{ sand for the use of the Commissionerof Patents;"
and the resolution was agreed to.
Also, the resolution reported by the Committee
on Printing the 29th of April, that thirty-two
thousand fivehundred additional copies of the Agri-
cultural Report be printed, thirty thousand thereof
for the use of the Senate, and two thousand five
hundred for the use of the Commissioner of Pat-
ents; and the resolution was agreed to.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. WELLER submitted the following res-
olution, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the reports from the Secretary of State,
of the Interior, and War, touching the boundary line be-
tween the United States and Mexico, and referred to a se-
lect committee, be printed by the public printer, under til©
direction of the Secietary, for the use of the Senate.
RAILROAD IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the Senate now to take
up the bill from the House of Representatives,
" granting the right of way and making a grant
' of land to the States of Arkansas and Missouri,
* to aid in the construction of a railroad from a
4 point on the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of
' the Ohio river, via Little Rock, to the Texas
' boundary, near Fulton, in Arkansas, with
' branches to Fort Smith and the Mississippi
< river," for the purpose of having it read a sec-
ond time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My friend from Arkan-
sas is the most pertinacious gentleman I ever met
with. I think this is about the twentieth time he
has asked the Senate to take up this bill. If it
comes up, I am satisfied it will be discussed at
length.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the gentleman will allow
it to be read a second time, and referred.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to state that this
bill gives Arkansas a tavor m regard to her rail-
roads which other States cannot obtain. If you
act upon it at all, one State has as much right as
another, and the bill called Bennett's distribution
bill will come up, and be discussed upon this bill.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will take up
this bill and pass it, as an act of justice to the Rep-
resentative from Arkansas m the other House,
[Hon. R. W. Johnson.] That gentleman, by
his energy, talents, and unwearied industry, has
so won on the respect and esteem of the House of
which he is a member, that m the face of a ma-
jority of forty against the policy of granting lands
for railroad improvements, he has been enabled to
suspend the rules requiring a two thirds vote, and
then pass this bill. This is the most extraordinary
exhibition of the peisonal influence of an individ-
ual that has ever been known in our Congressional
history. And shall the Senate, where similar bills
pass by a majority of twenty votes, dash the cup
from his lips, and deprive his constituents of the
advantages of his indomitable energy? Is not the
laborer worthy of his hire? Let us not only take
up the bill, but pass it, and send its author to his
constituents rejoicing. He is the sole Represent-
ative of his State in the Tlouse of Representatives.
He represents a border State that is not surrounded
by powerful political influences that will aid him
in securing beneficial objects of legislation for his
constituents. I have a warm sympathy for the
Senators and Representative from that State. I
have experienced the fearful obstacles that the
want of political influence and association throws
in the way of passing measures of the first import-
ance to new States. I have myself passed meas-
ure after measure through the Senate, of vital im-
portance to my constituents, with what unwearied
exertions my associates around me can bear wit-
ness, to see them either defeated or postponed in
the other House. And shall we adopt the bane-
ful example of that House, when for once, influ*
enced by the principles of justice and equity, a
measure is sent to us which embodies a principle
that we have time and again declared in favor of?
I hope not. TheSenate will honor itself by taking
up this bill and acting upon it at once.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I want to state to the
gentleman from California, that 1 have impeached
the honor of nobody, particularly the honorable
gentleman who represents Arkansas in the other
House. I thought that, as regarded the gentle-
man who made the motion here, I was rather com-
plimenting him for his pertinacity in trying to se-
cure the interests of his State. 1 meant to oast no
reflection upon the gentlemen from Arkansas,
either here or in the other House. They are faith-
ful representatives; but I wish to state this: the bill
now upon the table which my friend from Arkan-
sas wants to have referred, is a departure, in many-
essential particulars, from the railroad bills which
we passed through this body; and now, have we
time to consider it? Can I, as a member of the
