1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2467
poitainingto said section, and also one of the remaining
thirds pertaining to the first section of the road so com-
pleted, shall in like manner be conveyed to the contractors
to enable them to prosecute the work; and upon the com-
pletion of another section of one hundred miles, two thirds
of the land pertaining to that section, together with the re-
maining third pertaining to the first section, shall he con-
veyed in like manner; and so, on the completion of another
scction of one hundred miles of the road, the two thuds of
the land pertaining to that section, together with the one
third pertaining to the second section of the road, shall be
conveyed m like manner; and so on shall there be conveyed
to the contractors in like manner for the completion of each
section of one hundred miles of the road, two thirds of the
land pertaining to that section, together with one of the
remaining thirds of the land peitainingto one of the first
five sections in the order in winch those sections were
completed, until fifteen hundred miles of said road shall
have been completed and putin successful operation; upon
the completion and successful operation of fifteen hundred
consecutive miles of either of said roads, there shall be con-
veyed to the contractors in like manner for the construction
of each hundred miles of road, three fourths of all the lands
pertaining to such sections, and a remaining thnd pertain-
ing to one of the sections already completed; and so on
until the whole road shall have been completed and put in
successful operation, when the residue of all the lands per-
taining to such road shall be conveyed in like manner to
the contractors.
Sec. 9. And he it further enacted., That it shall be stip-
ulated in the contracts for the construction of said road'',
that a certain number of miles of each shall be completed
each year; and it shall be so arranged in this respect, that
the whole of each road shall be completed withm ten years
and as soon as is practicable, and that all portions of said
roads shall be kept m good repair, and be run and managed
in conformity with the provisions of this act from the day
of the completion of such portion of either road ; and incase
of a failure on the part of the contractors for either road to
comply with the provisions of this act and the terms of their
contract in all respect*, without a reasonable excuse, to be
judged of by Congress, subject to the veto power of the
President under the Constitution, such contract may be an-
nulled, and the road and all the lands remaining unsold
shall be forfeited and shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the said roads
shall become and remain the property of the contractors
therefor, respectively, for the period specified in said con-
tracts, subject to the terms of their contracts and the pro-
visions of this act: Proiided, That Congress hereby ex-
pressly reserves the right by law, from time to time to
regulate the charges for freight and passengers thereon,
subject to the restriction that Congress shall never reduce
such charges below the average rates per mile for like ser-
vice for the time being on other first-class railroads? in the
United States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That by the contracts
for the construction ot each of said roads, it shall be dis-
tinctly understood that the United States mails shall be
carried on said roads during the full period of said contracts,
free of charge or expense to the Government, under the
direction of, and in stnct compliance with, the require-
ments of the Post Office Department; and that all troops,
seamen, arms, munitions of war, military and naval stores,
and all funds and property of whatever kind belonging to
the United States, and all per&ons on official business in
their employment, shall at all times be transported and con-
veyed on and over said roads free of charge or expense to
the Government; and for all the purposes of transportation
in this article mentioned, the United States shall have the
preference over all persons or bodies-politic whatever,
when, in the opinion of the President of the United States,
the public interest requires promptness and dispatch in such
transportation.
Sec. 12. Andhrit further enacted, That in case either
of the States herein named to which 'lands are granted, to
facilitate the extension of either of said road^, shall fail to
accept the same, on the terms and with the conditions
herein provided, within one year from the passage of tins
act, the Secretary of War, under the direction ot the Presi-
dent, is heieby authorized to award contracts for the con-
struction of the roads, in such States as shall so fail or re-
fuse, to the contractors having charge of the line of road of
which such loads are extensions; the said contracts to be
awarded on the same teims and conditions, in all respects,
as the other contracts herein provided for; and the Presi-
dent shall dispose of and convey the lands proposed to be
granted to such States, in the same manner a* is herein
provided for the lands set apart and appropriated in the
second section of this bill.
Sec. 33. Jindheit further enacted, That upon the ex-
piration of the period of time specified in the contracts
for the construction of said roads, respectively, whereby the
same shall cea^e to be the property of said contractors,
and shall be surrendered to the United States, so much of
either of said roads as shall at that time be situated within
the limits of any State or States, may be granted to such
States upon the same terms and conditions, in all respect*,
are herein prescribed to the States receiving grants ot
land under the provisions of this act; and the residue of
said roads, if any, to t>e conveyed in like manner and on
like terms and condition*, to the States in which they may
be situated when such territory may become States of the
Union.
Src. 14. And he it further enacted, That the said roads
shall be constructed in the be^t arid most substantial man-
ner. with all the modern impiovements, with the bestquality
of iion tail, which shall weigh not less than sixty-four
pounds to the yard, and a uniform gauge of six feet fur tlie
track.
Sec, 15. And be if farther enacted, That a commis-
sioner for each of said road«, who shall receive a salary of
 dollars each, payable quarterly, shall be appointed
bv the President, bv and with the advice of the Senate,
whose duty it shall'be, under the direction of the Secretary
of War, to lake all necessary measuresro protect the public
inteiest«, and see that the terms of the contract®, respect-
ively, shall be fully and strictly complied with; and the said
commissioners shall, once a year, or oftenerif required,
make to the Secretary of War full reports of their proceed-
ings, and of the state and progress of the roads.
Mr. RUSK. I am favorable to this bill. If we
could get a vote upon it, I should certainly vote
for it. I have voted for similar bills heretofore;
but, for one, I must say, we are consuming the
time of the Senate to no purpose. It seems that
we are about to cry out before we get out of the
woods. There are committees of conference on
almost every appropriation bill, and on one or two
other bills, which it is absolutely necessary should
be passed. This amendment will be discussed.
Other amendments will be offered and discussed;
and it must be evident to every one that the time
of the Senate will thus be consumed to no purpose;
and we shall be exactly where we are now. I
move, therefore, to postpone the further consider-
ation of the subject until to-morrow.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope my honorable friend
will not insist on that motion. I agree with him
that from present appearances this bill is about to
lead us into embarrassment, but I am extremely
sorry that a bill of this character—a bill which
is in some measure sacred—should be made the
vehicle for these various amendments, which gen-
tlemen are now about to offer. It occurs to me
that it is an improper manner to treat a subject of
this kind. This bill is for the relief of those who
are born with claims upon humanity. When a
bill is brought in here in order to relieve, and sup-
port, and protect, and foster that unfortunate class
of our fellow-beings who have been stricken by
Heaven, is it proper to make it a vehicle of these
various amendments? In my opinion, such a
course is not worthy of the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question? Does he consider that the
claims of these unfortunate people rest upon the
Federal Government, or upon the State govern-
ments?
Mr. SHIELDS. Sir, I am not about to discuss
the question of where that claim rests. It is, how-
ever, a claim upon the nation; and the nation can-
not get rid of it. This bill has been prepared by
the only agent I respect about this Capitol—by
Miss D'ix. All your other agents come here as
the agents of selfish and sordid objects. But here
is a lady, who is a voluntary agent for the unfor-
tunate—for those who have no friends. I think,
sir, that, for once, we should have a fair vote upon
this question. Let the bill be beaten, if gentlemen
choose; but let it be beaten openlyand fairly; and
not by loading down with amendments. I am in
favor of this amendment as a separate proposition;
but I shall vote against putting it on this bill.
And if it were proposed to amend this bill by
tacking on a measure granting land to the State
of Illinois, I should vote against it. I want to get
the bill clear from all other influences.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to reply, in a few words,
to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields.] He
says it is not just to offer amendments to this bill.
It is for me to judge of my duty to my constitu-
ents; and that duty I will perform, regardless of
the admonitions of those who assume to judge for
me. The measure before the Senate is important.
It is not just and equal in its operation. It does
not do justice to the new States, but I am in favor
of the principle embodied in the bill. But its im-
portance sinks into insignificance when compared
to the great national measure embodied in my
amendment. The bill I propose as an amendment
has been matured by the Committee on Territo-
ries, of which I am a member, and proposes the
establishment of two railroads from the Mississippi
valley to the Pacific ocean, one by the northern,
and the other by the southern route. Sir, it is j
useless to disguise the fact, that upon the comple-
tion of one or more railroads connecting our At-
lantic and Pacific possessions, depends the exist-
ence of this Union. The present connection be-
tween the Atlantic States and our Pacific coast is
too precarious. A hostile collision with any mari-
time nation will interrupt, if not destroy that con-
nection. Do you expectwecan remain one nation
when our social and commercial intercourse is held
by so precarious a tenure? This railroad bill, or
some similar measure, must become a law before
we can be considered as inseparably one people.
With it nothing can separate us. The Union will
be impregnable to all assaults from within or with-
out. But I repeat that this measure, or one of
similar object, and a more just and liberal policy
towards California than has been pursued since I
have been a member of this body, is required to
make us feel on the Pacific coast that we have all
of the advantages of our sister States, and are on
a perfect equality with them. ButI will not con-
tinue this debate. Important to my constituents
as is the measure embodied in the amendment I
propose, I should not have brought it forward at
this late period of the session if the bill now under
consideration had not been taken up, Jt is too
late to consider either, and I propose to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. SHIELDS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion of the Senator from California.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bayaid, Bright, Brodhead, But-
ler, Charlton, De Saus-mre, Dodge of fowa, Douglas,
Felch, Gwin, Hunter, King, Mason. Meriwether, Noiris,
Pratt, Rusk, Toucey, and Walker—21.
NAVS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Chase,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, Dawson, Downs. Fi«h, Foot, Geyer,
Hale, Hamlin, Houston, Jones of Iowa, Mangum, Miller,
Morton, Pearce, Sewaid, Shields. Smith, Spiuancc, Stock-
ton, Sumner, Underwood, fjpham, Wade, and Weller—31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Rusk, to postpone the further consideration
of the bill until to-morrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I gave an intimation
that I intended to move an amendment to this bill.
The gentleman from Illinois seems to charge those
who intimate anything of that kind with a dispo-
sition to defeat the bill, and load it down with
amendments. I wish to say to that gentleman,
and to all of the members of the Senate, that I
heartily approve of this bill, which generally bears
the name of one of the most estimable females of
our country, and I shall vote for it most cheer-
fully. But it is nothing more than an appropria-
tion of lands to objects beneficial to the American
people; and while you are appropriating lands for
objects of that sort, however charitable they may
be, you have as much right to appropriate them
for the benefit of citizens who, in all time after
your asylums shall be erected, will have to support
those asylums. I say you have as much right to
appropriate the lands for the benefit of the people
who through after ages are to support this unfor-
tunate class, as you have to appropriate directly
for the erection of the houses.
Sir, it is a very curious argument which Sen-
ators are making here. You can give lands for
the benefit of the insane; and yet you cannot ap-
propriate lands for the benefit of the sane, who are
to support the insane through all time to come!
A strange charity this! as if the States were men-
dicants coming here, knocking at your doors, to
get a few acres of land to help to build houses;
when the people of the States, for ages after ail
your lands are gone, will have to support all these
objects of charity.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Norris
in the chair.) The Chair is very unwilling to in-
terfere with the Senator, but he must remind him
that debate upon the merits of the bill is not in
order upon a motion to postpone.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I had supposed that the
merits of the question were directly in point, to
show that the bill ought not to be postponed. I
cannot understand how an argument can be made
on the subject, unless it embraced the merits to
show that you ought to act immediately instead
< of postponing it. I want to show the importance
i of acting upon this bill now, and not delaying it
j until to-morrow. What is the argument of the
! gentleman from Illinois worth? In my own State
we have built two asylums, and I give the cel-
ebrated Miss Dix credit for one of them. I know
that the land will be beneficial to us,and will help
us to carry on tftese asylums; but I know, further,
, that when these houses have rotted down, if you
would appropriate some of these lands for the ben-
efit of internal improvements, after generations
would be enriched by them, and be better enabled
to support the insane existing then. I wish to
show what ideas gentlemen entertain, and to bring
them to the consideration of the country. Some
insist that you have the power to give, through
mere charity, lands for the temporary support of
the insane, but that yon cannot help the States to
make permanent and lasting improvements which
are to benefit the sane for ages to come.
Sir, there is no such distinction as that in the
Constitution, in reason, or in the charities of the
