692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6.
tiutt it is improper, when we have laid down a jj dered,arul Messrs. Smart and Chandler were
general system, to turn this House into a court of ji appointed
chancery to relieve hard cases from the operation
of that system. There isnoreaaon, either in the in-
solvency of this railroad company or in any other
circumsumr.es connected with it, why we should
not apply the same provisions and the same favor
to otner railroad companies, who will of course
take the advantage of it if it pass. Protection
The question was then taken upon the motion
to lay the motion for reconsideration upon tho ta-
ble, and it was agreed to—tho tellers having re-
ported, ayes 85, noes 48.
Mr. MEADE called for the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that my friend
upon railroad iron, like all other species ofprotec- I1 from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] is entitled to the
tion, is for the advancement of the interest of the ' ~ ~
manufacturer. Under all proper circumstances
and restrictions we should be willing to protect the
manufacturing interests of the country. For my
own part, when it comes manifestly in conflict (
with the agricultural interests of the country, when ;
it is not asked to aiiord protection to that agrieul- 1
tural interest but merely to relieve them from bur- '
dens, I am at all times prepared, as a represent- .
ative of an agricultural district, to abolish that 1
protection, and place them, at least, upon a fair .
and equal footing. If a bill can he prepared and ( this subject will hold its place.
introduced into this House, abolishing duties upon The SPEAKER. In order to give tins ques-
railroad iron, 1, for one, am prepared to vote for ! tion the preference, the main question must bp
it as a general bill; but i am unwilling to make j ordered to be put; then you only can pass from it
this special provision affording relief to one rail- ; by general consent
floor in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the (Jmon, and that he is desirous of sub-
mitting his speech to-day. I appeal, therefore, if I- to encourage agriculture, and for other ,)un(,se,
i I am correctly informed upon the subject, to_ the i al1d had come to no conclusion thereon.''
Mr. FITCH here obtained the floor.
Mr. ORR. ft' the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Fitcii] wiil give way, I will uio'.e that tin- com-
imttee rise.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly, and the Speaker
having1 resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the special order, being House bill No. 7,
ses,
House to resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CLINGMAN". I have no objection to that,
provided the gentleman wiil allow the call for the
previous question to be sustained, that tins ques-
tion may come up on Monday.
Mr. HOUSTON. It has been demanded, and
road only, f have heard no special reason as- !
signed for yielding- this advantage to one railroad
company, which might not properly be urged by j
all.
My object in moving a reconsideration, is to get
the bill back to such a stage as will render it v>ro-
Mr. CLINGMAN. Unless the call for the
previous question is seconded, the hill will not
come up, as a matter of course. I insist upon that
question being put.
Mr. HOUSTON. My motion is m order any-
how, and I therefore insist upon it. Under the
per to move instructions to a committee to prepare ; state of facts I have mentioned, I hope the House
and bring in a bill, extending the same advantages 1 will resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
to all railroad companies which it is proposed to on the state of the Union on the special order,
extend to this. 1 hope the House will concur with i1 The question was put and agreed to
me in these views.
.Mr. CLINCrMAN. I fully agree with my
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Ewtso] in the gen-
eral views lie has thrown out. In fact twelve
months ago I took occasion to say, that 1 thought
thero was no article winch if was so important to
admit, tree of duty as railroad iron. 1 still adhere
to that opinion; and I ha\eupoll my table an
amendment win: h 1 intend to offo
railroad iron entirely from duty. But, sir, the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ev. ixcJ nm t see
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Hibbird in the chair.)
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The Oil AIRMAN. The business first before
the committee is the special order, being House
bill No. 7, for the encouragement of agriculture,
and for other purposes'. Upon that question the
V, c'xemPtl>'S I! gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis] is cn-
but. sir. the , tit]ed t0 tllofloor i
Mr. DA\ IS, oi Massachusetts, then addressed
that a motion of that sort mav meet with onnosi- '' i .
tion in this House. There is a difference of omn- i "" ,,onr' 111 "ifr t0 >™arkH ' ado
ion upon that subject; and hence whenever itcoines
up we shall have a discussion, and there will be a
good deal ot delay, and no man c;m foresee what
will be the result. Now,this bill doeynotnusetbat
question at all. The only question proposed by
this bill is, that, this company shall havoa r.r«\Iit of
four years to pay the duties upon iheir givin"-
bonds for the payment, nnd also allowing the
Government to i eiam the money fall in o1 duo to the
company (or the transportation of the mail over
their road, and applying it upon the ho.id.s, which
will probably he ^ufHcient to pav (he duties in two
years. Now, sir, if \y,> the whole ques-
tion of exempting duties upon railroad iron, inv
friend will see nt onro that this bill mav not he
pa-s.scd lor weeks or months, even if 11 is passed
at all. In the mean tnnp, fhi.s companv is import-
ing iron, and there is a delay in laying down the
road, upun which the Postmaster G'-nr-ial hut; been '
obliged to stop tho daily mm! If is, therefore
nnpoitant that we act upon this bill nt one*-. "Vow
I am very glad that we havo got into this aencrai <
dineuxsjon. f am glad to hear gentlemen upon all !
sides ot me come out a,id say that thev are rendv
to exempt railroad iron from duty. 1 shall go as
heartily into this question  s anybody, if this
question now pending can h-  ot out of'tlu- war.
will\ote to  et at, that ^eneia! ouesuoii at any <
moment, but I do not like to embarrass a hnl- 1
proposition like tlu«. Gentlemen .sav they- ale
willing to exempt all roads; then why'not relieve
this one now? As I know the House is imoaiie,,!
to get at another question, and hoping that the
gent eman from Massachusetts fAn? A™'
t!ie iloor t0"di,y as he des<
I will mo\e to lay this mo',on to re.'O
the table.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, moved that the House
adjourn; which motion was not agreed to.
r' CABLLL, ot Florida. Is it in order to
move to go into the Cummiltee „f tile
^1 f 1(1 tllrtn !
by Mr. Raxtoiii some time since. He referred to
the remarks of that gentlemnn in regard to the
■ position which he (Mr. D.) held some years since
1 on the abolition question; and said that if the gen-
tleman had presented other facts of later occur-
j rence, he would have found that a change had
taken place m his opinions. If the gentleman had
, gone on, and said that afterwards he (M r. P.) voted
for .-djvehuldiii" Presidents, and that in 1(S44 he
was a Delegate to the Convention which nomina-
slm-eholdmg candidate, and that he favored
lamination: if he had gone on to say that h
ted .
tha
ires,
upon
the state of the Union >
The SPEAKER. It is „ot •
the Chair. ot, n, the opinion of
Mr. SMART demanded tellers; which were or-
was opposed by the Free-Soilers in his district,
and, on two j rials, elected, it would have been
unnecessary lor hnn to make  ny further explano-
hon.
Mr. D. then answered the charge of Mr. Hay-
toul, that he libelled Massachusetts m chardin" a
coalition in that State. He said that he had stated
m thin« but cermui frets, from which he drew cer-
. Uin infeienccs, cnd_ the question was, whether
toeso tacts—which Ins colleague did notundertake
: to deny—warranted the inferences he had drawn;
mid if me farts which he stated were such that the
ineje statement oi them was a libel upon Afas^a-
, 'Musetts, it did seem to him that it was for his col- '
rngue, and thoo-e who acted with him, to pur their i
hiwids upon their mouths, and their mouths* in tlie 1
f dust, and apologize for having any connection with '
' Mis act, tne mere sfntemerit of which, his col- ■
league had u\<s a I she! upon Ara^achu- ;
. P. then levfewed the opinions held by bis I
colleague at dimmit periods of Ins political career. I
co show that they had not been uniformly the
r;imeWm,d nte<i pruote of his connection svifh the I
r rec-ooii party of AJassnchusetts. !
In conclusion, he referred to the fugitive slave ''
■ law, and said that though he bdieved that in many .
respects it required alteration, yet there was an <
increasing sentiment throughout the country that
one part ot the Constitution wos a* bmchntf as an- '
ptaer; and, ns it regarded this question of detail, :
the £ime fb.r any change, i
i-r'PAvls s sPm'h will be found in the An- :
pendix.] 1 i
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unannnous consent
" of the House to introduce joint resolution-" of the
p Legislature of Iowa, respecting- the compromise.
|i 1 will merely state to the House that I Inv'e sought
:! to introduce these resolutions for weeks, and have
!' not been able to do so. I trust I mny l.epe'*)itiued
I1 to introduce them now.
[1 Objection bein^made, they were not introduced,
j' On motion by Mr. ORR, the House then ad-
i■ journed to meet on Monday next.
NOTICES OF BILLS1.
By Mr RANTOFT, : A bill abolishing th-: Jaiv oil iaw
I siik imported into the United States.
: 15y Mr. CHUIlUli WELL : A bill to xdmit iron rails for
> raihoad purposes ireo of duty.
PETITIONS. &c.
I The following petitions, memorial*, &e , were presented
I' under the rule, and referred to the appropriate connmttees:
I. By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The petition of G, W
Thompson, Alexander Biles, and 30 orlieis, relatne to
" Rio Hdiido'" clanriN in western Louisiana.
By Mr. MILLER: The meinonal of stirulrv einzen^ of
Howard county, jMis«nun, praj in«j Congress to ry\iae and
change the duty on hemp and hempen yarr>«.
By Mr. EDGERTON : I'etmon^ of citizeh*; of Fulton
county, Ohio, for a mail ioute fioru can line of CIi,uon
townalnp to LJjyan, m Williams county.
By Mr. KUIINS : Si* petitions fioiu cin/,  n, of I'enn-
-ylvamo, pra\int( Congress to piolnhit the importanon ot
ardent spirits and fermented liquors into lite Tinted State^,
in order to pievent the evil* of intemperance
Also, three petitions from citizens of Peni^ylvama, pray-
ing Congress to Mi?t;un the Wheeling Bridire.
By Mr. ROBINSON : The memorial of James M. rjom-
enH, James C. Jones, and other as-iotaai mai-haU oi
Franlvlm county j Indiana, praying further '-oinpen^auon.
By Mi. KITCII: The meinonal of Bctij,i.niri Ilenkle,
assistant marshal of Jasper count\, Indian,), and of Le\i
lilaxtridge, as^i^mnt marshal ot Wabash onui-fv, Indiana,
asking additional compensation for^eiviec - m* taking the
, census.
By Mr. CHANDLER: Four memona!^ numeioir-h
■ Mffued bjr citizens of Philadelphia, asking u o-*ne\vai of the
; patent for Woodworth's planing machine.
: Also, memorials ot citizens of <>ermaiuov\ n. Philadelphia
county, that seamen and maiinns -ervod m the
w ar of 181:2 he allowed U50 acres of pub)K* 1-tnd.
By \lt. AI5ERCROMBIE : The inemori.ii of the trustee*
I oi Ahthcima Female College, asking a giant "f publx-
land^.
• Aho, the petition of Mindly ein/.ens of th« State of Ala-
itama, asking that The othce ot chaplain m i\- he abolished.
Bv Mr. f'fJBT'S: Tsvo petitions lioni me county of
Clarion, Pennsylvania, munerou^ly signed, pravjnt> soi a
modification of the tat iff aet of 18-1G so kit as ..dates to iron.
By Mr. PEASLEE* The petition of Thomas E Ohvei,
that tfic bounty or drawback on the salt exported m the
schooner Ilai-vest Home, lost at sea, be allM'.ve-i linn.
By Mr. MeCORKLE: The memorial ot .l.one.s H. Lon '
and Biothers, sett.ug out that m tin; vai 1; *0, in the Htat"
of Cahfoinia,they i««uedont worth ot niovisionv and
bread^tulfs to distre&^ed and .-.tarving emii'.'a.d^ fio;n the
United States, and prajmg Congress to retit ,tj ro thpio the
amount so expended.
R3* Mr. WELCH: The petition of T~;a\ie Jones and
i homas Crawfoid, of Vinton count \, Ohio pi.iMng for ad
diuonal eompciisation as deputy marj-naU i?i'la1'.!,)" the
S^v-Piith Cen«U"-\ ' "
''  m!1' ^ON, oi Maine: The i^inonstrance ot*
A. o. I hompson and othei*. auams-t a ienew.il of Parkei's
patent fui aliened impro\umenis in riMi-riou n «>ter-\\ heels.
By Mi-. fSREVT()N • The [einnon of' If T..i^iev. an as-
sistant marshal m t}i * State of Indiana, askit« ■" additional
compensation fc taking The SevejitSi
By Mr. MOORE, ot IvanM lvrin,.i. The im moi inl of cifi-
zen<; ot Pc'invyirania. asking for piot"eti«-,
labor nnd tiie inditJtria! ruei-^t5- of our con ■
anon ot thf pr.^-ent taiill system.
Al^>. tho, memorial of citizen* of the eon
phia, in favor of an exfeiiMon of the Wooi'm .
By Mr. BABCO^'K * The petition o,
w«go, New York, for a Marine Ifotpua!
to Amenean
b\ an r.lret-
)f PhiladPl-
i pater.?,
citizens of
the port of
°
Oswego
r^J : The petition of linn v Duffield. Dan-
iel H. Brown, and 45 othcis, citlzensof the county ot Phil-
adelphia, oppo^d to the extension of the "VVoodv.orth j«atent,
asfcignine strong reasons therefor.
Als>o, the petition of George Dp Haven and other>, citi-
zens ot Philadelphia countv, in fa\ror ot the e^ten-iou of the
oidworth patent as a prelection to the in\e'!f\e genius
ot the country.
By Mr. HASCALL : The petition of James R. Picket
and 17 others, for the relief of said Picket, who was mi-
