1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
IN SENATE.
Thcrsdat, June 24, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton P. Morgan.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill to amend an act for the punish-
ment of crime in the District of Columbia.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of R. D.
Battle, administrator of the estate of Isaac L.
Cattle, praying that the estate may be released
from further liability under a judgment; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of .Tames
H. Stimpson, son and executor of James Stimp-
son, praying extension of patents for improve-
ment in forming and using iron plates or rails on
railroad tracks in cities and elsewhere, and for a
new mode of turning short curves upon railroads;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
J. R. St. John, praying compensation for certain
improvements made by him in marine steam ma-
chinery, submitted an adverse report.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill to incorporate the Sisters of
the Visitation of Washington, in the District of
Columbia, was read a third time and passed.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the following resolu-
tion, submitted by him some time since:
Resolved, That the thiitieth rule of the Senate be
amended, by adding thereto the following:
" On motion, any amendment oiFeied to a bill 01 resolu-
tion may be laid on the table, without carrying the bill or
resolution with it."
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I beg leave to offer a
very few remarks in explanation of this amend-
ment which I propose to our lules. I have discov-
ered, from many years' experience, that towards
the close of a session, when the general appro-
priation bills come up for consideration, gentle-
men will propose amendments. Those amend-
ments will be discussed day after day, and week
after week sometimes, and we cannot get clear of
them, because, in attempting to get rid of the
amendments,you have to get clear of the whole
appropriation bill by laying it upon the table. In
that way we consume time, which makes our ap-
propriation bills interminable by discussion. We
have no previous question. We cannot stop de-
bate by the previous question. Gentlemen intro-
duce almost everything in the way of legislation,
into the appropriation bills, and under the existing
rules, towards the close of a session, our debates
become interminable upon amendments to appro-
priation bills, with which the Senate is entirely
satisfied, and of which it wishes to get rid. My
object, therefore, is, in such a case as that,to allow
a motion to be made to lay the amendment upon
the table, without taking the bill or original propo-
sition with it. The Senate will perceive that it
will always be within its discretion to refuse to lay
upon the table the proposition submitted as an
amendment, if it meets the favorable consideration
of the body. This proposition is only to place
these amendments within the power of a majority
of the body, and allow us to get rid of a useless
discussion, and to progress with the business.
I hope, sir, that this amendment will be adopted,
and let us see how it will operate. I have seen this
evil foryears. I have thought that some remedy
might be prescribed for it, and I think this will be
a very efficient remedy. All that I ask is, that we
may have an opportunity to try it, and if it does
not work well, after experience, I shall be among
the first to move its repeal. I think, however,
that it will have a very beneficial operation.
Mr. BADGER. I would suggest to my friend
from Kentucky that he should vary the phrase
" may be laid on the table," to " may be ordered
to lie on the table." I believe, "to lay on the table"
is not a proper parliamentary motion, under our
rules.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am willing to accept
that modification.
Mr. BADGER. I would make another sug-
gestion to my friend from Kentucky. If his rule
is to have the effect of putting aside from the con-
sideration of the body such propositions as the
Senate may think improper to be considered in
connection with others, it ought to extend to an
amendment to an amendment; and I would suggest
that he vary the phraseology in this way: "That
' an amendment to a bill or resolution, or to an
' amendment, may be ordered to lie on the table
' without carryingthe main subject with it."
Mr. ADAMS. It seems to me that the sugges-
tion of the Senator froti^ North Carolina is un-
necessary. An amendment to an amendment is
but an amendment; and the original proposition
of the Senator from Kentucky embraces all the
purposes contemplated by the Senator from Noith
Carolina. An amendment to an amendment is
still but ail amendment.
Mr. BADGER. My friend is mistaken. The
resolution of the Senator from Kentucky is, that
an amendment to a bill or resolution may be or-
dered to lie on the table. Now, an amendment to
an amendment is not an amendment to a bill or
resolution.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am altogether indiffer-
ent m regard to the phraseology oftheresolution.
The Senate perceive very clearly the idea which 1
have, and the object which 1 wish to attain, li
my friend from" North Carolina will be kind
enough to draw up a resolution, modified as he
wishes it, 1 will be glad to receive it.
Mr. BADGER. If the icsolution will answer
the purpose as it is, it is all I desire. 1 merely
wish to have it effectual.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will accept any verbal
modifications.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I do not feel any
great interest in this matter. Personally 1 am
rather disposed to favor the amendment; but I
would suggest to the Senate, before adopting it,
that it is a pretty wide departure fiom the system
that has heretofore prevailed m the Senate. The
debates in the Senate have heretofore been con-
ducted upon the assumption that the Senate had
discretion and judgment and wisdom enough to
conduct its deliberations without so many restric-
tive rules as have been found necessary in the
more popular branch of the National Legislature.
This move of the Senator from Kentucky seems
to be an indication that the Senate has found out
that it has not quite so much of the self-governing
principle—so much wisdom and so much discre-
tion as theoretically it has been holding out to the
country that it has. It seems to be an admission
that we are approximating in our debates to that
state of things which lias characterized the other
branch of Congress, and which has rendered ne-
cessary the many restrictive measures upon debate
which they have adopted—such as the one-hour
rule in a certain stage of debate, and the five-min-
utes rule in a certain other stage of debate, and an
order for stopping debate altogether and coining to
a vote upon the questions that are pending.
Now, sir, if the honorable Senator means this
as the first indication to the country that, we have
discovered at last (what I think the country have
begun to suspect long ago) that we are approxi-
mating to that state of things, [ think the amend-
ment is wise and timely. But it should lie fol-
lowed out. It should be followed next by the
previous question, next by an order to stop de-
bate, then by the one-hour rule, and the whole
system of measures which the House of Repre-
sentatives has found necessary for the purpose of
restraining the " desire of much speaking" which
has afflicted that body. 1 speak of this matter
without much reference to myself; for I rarely
speak m the Senate, and make very short speeches
when 1 do, and do not expect to stay here a great
while. But I think if we adopt tins amendment
of the honorable Senator from Kentucky, we
ought not to stop there, but we ought to go further,
and adopt the whole series of measures which I
have pointed out. I make these^ suggestions, be-
cause I think.that if we take this step, we ought
to go further; and we shall go further, and we
shall not retain either the character, or the pre-
tense of the character, which it has been the pride
of the Senate hitherto to sustain before the coun-
i try.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr. President, I beg
leave to quote a text for the edification of my
friend from New Hampshire. I would say to
him, " Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
It is not worth while for us to go beyond the evil
which I have pointed out, into other remedies for
other evils which he has contemplated, until there
is some necessity more manifest than any which
I have heretofore seen, showing the propriety of
their adoption. I would simply remark, that all
deliberative bodies with which I am acquainted,
except the Senate of the United States, have had
the " previous question" as a part of their rules.
We have never yet had the "previous question"
as a part of the rules governing the Senate; and I
think it probable that if this amendment to our
rules be adopted, we may never have it introduced
here as it has been in the other branch of Con-
gress. Sir, this proposition is so simple and plain
that I will not detain the Senate by malting further
remarks in regard to it. I hope the amendment
to the rules which I have proposed may be adopted,
and that wc may see its practical results; and if it
shall not work well, we can get clear of it.
Mr. ADAMS. It seems to me that the propo-
sition of the Senator from Kentucky is palpably
necessary and right, and that there can be no ob-
jection to it. The Senator from New Hampshire,
[Mr. Half.,] while he throws out an objection to
the amendment, through fear that this body will
be assimilated to the other branch of Congress,
himself says that the country has long since dis-
covered the necessity for such a change of our
lules. If the country has discovered it, 1 pre-
sume that the Senator himself, and every Senator
on this floor, has discovered it; and who does not
know that such a rule is necessary for the com-
pletion of the business of this body, both now
and in future time? The proposition is, that
when an amendment is offered to a bill, if a ma-
jority should order that amendment to lie on the
table, that order shall not carry the bill along with
it, aud 1 do not see how such a proposition can be
objected to. The effect of such a rule is simply
to cut off irrelevant matter by allowing a majority
to order it to he on the table, that the Senate may
be enabled to dispose of its business properly.
To that I think there can be no objection, as it
will only cut off debate to which a majority do
not choose to listen. Sir, if it assimilates this
body to the other branch of Congiess in every
sense of the word, if it is necessary that it should
be done, I trust we shall not hesitate to do it.
For myself, I should be perfectly willing to adopt
all the measures of restriction which they have
found necessary. But if this amendment should
be adopted, it can only lead to the adoption of the
rules which the House of Representatives have
adopted, by a vote of a majority of the Senate.
It seems to me that the amendment should be
adopted without a dissenting voice; and I trust
that the Senator from New Hampshire will vote
for it, let the consequences be what they may, as
on the merits of it he agrees that it is necessary.
Mr. BELL. I do not favor propositions for
altering the rules adopted for the government of
the Senate. I am reluctant that any alteration
should be made now; but as it appears to be the
sense of the Senate that some alteration should be
made of the nature proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky, and if that alteration is to be applied
to the particular mischiefs pointed out by that
Senator, 1 do not know that I would have much
objection to it, if it can be limited to appropriation
bills, to be settled and acted upon at the close of
the session. 1 have felt, at the close of a session,
the ini-onvemence of the existing rules, and 1
should be happy to concur with him if lie would
limit his pioposition to the appropriation bills,
because in such cases there seems to be a neces-
sity that the Senate should come to a speedy decis-
ion oil the mam features of such bills. We all
know that in regard to such bills we are frequently
engaged during the very last hours of the session,
and are sometimes even obliged to invade neutral
or questionable ground as to time. Now, I have
no objection to any amendment which shall have
such limited application. As to the argument of
honorable Senators in regard to the necessity of
cutting off debate upon amendments offered to bills
in the progress of the session, if the object is to
cut oil" debate, let us at once establish the previous
question in regard to amendments, and then you
will simply reserve the right of taking the vote on
the amendments themselves.
Any gentleman who has looked into the history
of the British Parliament, and of American legis-
