1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2469
ers under said States remaining valid; and the title to the
residue of said lands shall reinvest in the United States, to '
have and to hold the same in the same manner as if this act
had not been passed.
Sec. 14. Jlnd be U further enacted, That the United
States mail shall at all times be transported on said railroad,
under the direction of the Post Office Department, at such
prices as Congress may by law direct.
Mr. CLARKE. It appears to me, that if the
bill under consideration is to be passed, it must
be done in a very short time. We have now only
about fourteen hours of the session remaining; and
I think, if we go on in this way, we shall never
get through with the bill.
Mr. BORLAND. I will state, for the informa-
tion of the Senate, that my amendment consists of
the bill usually called Miss Dix's bill, so modified
as to include with the insane, the deaf, dumb, and
blind; and then in addition to that, several railroad
bills that have passed the Senate.
Mr. CLARKE. If it is such a slight amend-
ment as that, I suppose it can be adopted with-
out any discussion. [Laughter."j
Mr. HALE. I can hardly expect at this late
hour of the evening and of the session to gain the
attention of the Senate, but I will make an effort
to do so for a very few moments, and then I shall
have done. I have voted for this bill uniformly
since its first introduction into the Senate to the
present time. I have voted twice to-night against
laying it on the table, and I now make an appeal
to its iVi'endsand to the Senate to let us have a vote
upon it, and vote down all these amendments. I
am in favor of some of them as separate measures.
But this bill has been sent to us from the House.
Its history is familiar to us all. It seems to me
that it stands out in its characteristics so promi-
nently from the ordinary objects of legislation, that
it is entitled and demands of its friends and of
the Senate a hearing upon its own individual mer-
its.
Sir, this bill emanates from a lady whose his-
tory is well known to the country. She has gone
through the country, from one end of it to the
other, into nearly every State of the Union, taking
a gaze into that misery to which the human form
and the human soul is reduced when the divine
light of reason is put out by the inscrutable de-
crees of Providence. In nearly every State she
has been received with enthusiasm, and the public
records of the States bear honorable testimony
to her worth, and the estimation in which she has
been held by every community she has visited.
She told me not long since, that if she failed in her
attempt here, in the Congress of the United States,
it would be the first legislative body upon this
continent to which she had ever made her appeal
in behalf of the unfortunate in vain.
Now, sir, I ask if this is not a subject which
can appeal to the highest sympathies of our hearts,
to place it above the considerations that are con-
nected with these local interests of railroads and
other matters which ordinarily appertain to our
everyday legislation? I ask, may we not con-
sider this bill without embarrassing it with any
such considerations or questions as these? I do
hope, that for the honor of our common nature,
for the honor of humanity, we will separate this
measure from everything of that kind, vote down
the amendments, and come to a direct vote on the
bill. What can the friends of these measures
gain by proposing their amendments? They may
have the miserable satisfaction that the Hebrew
prisoner had in the prison of the Philistines: they
may pull down the temple; they may destroy the
bill and the amendments with it; but they cannot
carry one or the other by loading down this bill
in this way. Let us vote down these amendments,
and vote upon the bill; and at the coming session
of Congress, we can give to these other measures
the consideration which is their due.
I wish, sir, this appeal could have been made
by somebody whose voice is more potential and
influential than mine; but as nobody else has
made it, I have felt it to be my duty to make it, and
I do trust it will find a response in the hearts of
Senators.
Mr. BORLAND. I have, on consultation with
friends, agreed to alter my amendment with regard
to the arrangement of the roads. I therefore sub-
stitute for all of my amendment after the seventh
section, what I send to the Chair. It is the same
in substance, but makes a different arrangement
of the roads.
The amendment as modified, was read.
Mr. CLARKE. I move to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 21; as follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Brodhead, Cass,
Charlton, Clarke, Clemens, De Saitssure, Dodge of Iowa,
Douglas, Downs, Felch, Fish, Gwm, Houston, Hunter,
Jamef, King, Mason, Meriwether, Pratt, Walker, and Wei -
ler—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Chase, Cooper, Davis, Dawson,
Geyer, Hale, Hainhn, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Mangum,
Miller, Morton, Seward, Shields, Soul£, Spruance, Sum-
ner, Underwood, Upham, and Wade—21.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
SENATE EMPLOYEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I am instructed by the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
Expenses of the Senate to report back the resolu-
tion which was offered by the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Badger] a few days ago, in rela-
tion to compensation of clerks and other em-
ployees in the Capitol, with an amendment, as
follows:
1. Hesolved, That there be allowed and paid, under the
direction of the Coinmiltee to Audit and Control the Contin-
gent Expenses of the Senate, to the persons in its employ,
the sums respectively which were allowed at the last ses-
sion, and to Harry Dodson, John Brown, and Robert Car-
ter, the sum of $50 each.
2. Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms, under the direc-
tion of the same committee, be authorized to employ the
messengers, pages, and folders during the recess in folding
documents, and that the same price be paid therefor as was
paid at the last session; and that he be authorized, under
the same authority, to employ the neces&ary force of men
and wagons to convey the documents to the city pose office.
The PRESIDENT. The resolution has been
read twice and referred. It is now before the Sen-
ate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WELLER. I ask whether that resolution
embraces the reporters?
The PRESIDENT. It does not.
Mr. WELLER. 1 hope they will be included.
Mr. WALKER. I offer the following amend-
ment to provide for them:
Resolved, That there be paid, under the direction of the
Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, to eaell member ot the respective corps of
reporters to the Senate, ^100.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " one hundred," and insert-
ing " three hundred." I understand that the
House of Representatives have agreed to give each
of their reporters the sum of $300. And I am quite
satisfied that our reporters in the Senate are equally
as talented as those in the House, and as richly
deserve this compensation.
M'r. WALKER. I accept the amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the vote is taken on the
question of the reporters I wish to say a word.
There is a provision in the resolution reported by
the committeefor paying folders and others during
the recess. Unless that provision is better guarded,
I see nothing in it to preventdocuments printed in
the cities of New York, Boston, and Philadelphia
from being brought here, and folded at the'public
expense. If that be the design of the resolution,
I cannot vote for it. I think it would be utterly
wrong for Congress to keep employed at the pub-
lic expense persons in the folding-room to fold and
dispatch documents, which are not published un-
der authority of Congress. The proposition seems
to me to involve a new principle—a very import;
ant one—and a precedent will thereby be estab-
lished which it may not be at all times advisable
to follow.
Mr. HALE. I want to say, Mr. President,
that there is but one presidential candidate on the
floor of the Senate, and the party which support
him ask nothing for themselves in that respect.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The provision in regard
to the folders is precisely the same as has been
adopted heretofore. It has reference to the fold-
ing of the Patent Office Report, and such speeches
as Senatois may order. If they send none m,
there are none folded. If they do, all that they
send there are folded. That is the case every ses-
sion.
Mr. ADAMS. I beg to inquire if there is any-
thing in the resolution to prevent Senators from
sending to New York and elsewhere and having
political documents printed, and brought here,
folded and circulated at the public expense? If
the resolution is so guarded as to prevent this, I
shall not insist upon my amendment. Ifit is not
so guarded, I shall propose an amendment.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The resolution is not
so guarded. Senators certainly have the same
right to send to New York, and have their speeches
printed there, as to have them printed at the office
of John C. Rives, or any other office in the city
of Washington.
Mr. WALKER. For the satisfaction of the
Senator from Mississippi, as well as for my own
satisfaction, I shall at the proper time move to
amend the resolution by providing that the folders
shall be employed only in folding such documents
as shall be printed by the authority of Congress,
and such speeches as Senators may order to be
folded.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin in relation to reporters.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I wish to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the fact, that this amend-
ment involves the introduction of an entirely new
principle in regard to compensation. No such
thing has ever been attempted from the founda-
tion of the Government until the present day.
This proposition was brought before the commit-
tee, but it did not receive its sanction. It is now
offered by the Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Walker,] who is a member of that committee,
upon his own responsibility. The committee do
not recommend it. I do not see how we can with
propriety make this appropriation—giving com-
pensation to the employees of the gentlemen who
have contracted to report our proceedings. It
would be opening a door so wide, that no man can
tell where we should stop. Carry out this princi-
ple, and no treasury in the world would be suffi-
cient to meet the demands which would thus be
made upon it.
Mr. CLEMENS. One word in relation to this
matter. I do not believe that a more efficient
corps of reporters can be found than those who
report for us. But it is the business of those who
employ them to pay them'—not ours. I am so
well satisfied with the reporters that we have that
it is very rare indeed that I look over any report
of my remarks made here, before I see them in
the newspapers. I am satisfied that they report
correctly. But the fact is that we pay the gentle-
men who contract to publish the reports, and it is
not our business to pay the reporters. I therefore
feel under the necessity of voting against the
amendment.
The question was taken on a division,and there
were—ayes 16, noes not counted.
The PRESIDENT. The amendment is not
carried, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. WALKER. I ask forthe yeas and nays.
Mr. JAMES. I move to anend the amend-
ment, by providing that there shall be paid to each
of the reporters, the sum of " $250," instead of
"•WOO."
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask if the question has been
lost in regard to paying them $300?
The PRESIDENT. The amendment was not
lost. The Chair stated that it was lost, in his
opinion; but the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr.
Walker] called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHIELDS. I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will withdraw bis amendment.
Mr. JAMES. Certainly, I will withdraw it. 1
was under the impression that the amendment
giving to the reporters $300 was lost. That was
my object in proposing $250.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. ISavard, Brodhead, Brooke, Charlton,
Clarke, Cooper, Davis, De Saussure, Downs, Fish, Foot,
Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Ma-
son, Morton, Pratt, Seward, Shields, Soul<5, Sumner, Up-
ham, Wade, Walker, and Weller—-28.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Cass, Chase, Clemens, Bodge
of Iowa, Felch. Geyer, King, Manaum, Meriwether,Miller,
Norns, Kpruanee, and Underwood'—14.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MANGUM. I move to amend the reso-
lution by adding the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be author-
ized to employ an additional clerk, who shall be allowed
the same compensation as is allowed to the engrossing
clerks.
This amendment, perhaps, requires a word of
explanation. The object of it is not to increase
the number of clerks in actual employment, but to
legalize the continuance of a clerk who has been
