1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
pressed into the naval service of Great Britain previous to
and duri'iij die wai of 1812.
By Mt. McDON'ALD : The petition of J. Perkins and
others, citizens ut' .Maine, asking for completion of piers m
Kerii'fln:nk rivet.
P v :Mi. BARTL bTT : The petition of Samuel Andrews,
ol \VoiveMer, Vermont, pra\ ing an amendment of the act
giautinjr bounty land to curtain ollioers and soldier?, ap-
proved September lft^O
15 y Mr. L'LOIUCNCE • The memorial of John Fcrat, Ed-
win Kir.^Jon, Robert Tempest, and 4G others, citizens oi I
Philadelphia, praying for the extension of the Woodworth
patent let planing boaids, &c.
AI*o, the memorial of F. K. Dickinson, Robert H. Cow- ,
an, and I'noinas D. Walker, nesidents of Wilmington, in ;
tne of North (.Carolina, remonstrating against the ex-
tension ut the Woodworth patent for planing boards, &c.
By M:. BELL: The petition ot U1 citizens of Greene
• •ounty, Ohio, praying Congress topa&s a law providing that
person-: employed by Government m the Post Office De-
partment -hall not bo required to perfoim services of said
on the Sabbath day when the public safety does not '
r^(|Uir«? i;
By ATi SNOW: The petition of J. D. C. Stouteibaugh,
11. R. Marshall. and others, citizens of Hyde Park, Dutchess
eount>, ?\Tc\\ Yoik, in favor of the e.\teiibion of the Wood-
worth patent.
Also, the petition of Henpunin Mother. Gerard Manning, |
M. JL. Borland, and others, resident^ of'Dutchess county,
New York, m lavor of the extension of the Woodworth 1
patent. ;
Ai-.o, the petition of W. \V. Scru«ham and others, resi-
dents oj the ^tate of Xew York, m favor of the extrusion of ■
the Wo<>d\vorth patent.
By M<. FOWLER: The petition of the selectmen of
Plymouth, Massachusetts, praying an appropriation for the
preservation of Plymouth Beach and the protection of the '
work al>":id\ p"r!onned bv authority of Congress. \
15;, TllOMAri M. HOWE: The petition of F. Wmeman
: nd uthC'is, citizens of Western Pennsylvania, pi aymg for i
addition.il protection to Ameiieau labor.
Also, ttie petition of J. W. Kerr and others, citizens of 1
Western Peiin-)ivania, piaying for a canal at the Palls of (
the iiver St. Marie, Michigan.
Also, the memorial of Geoige F. Ilenrici and otliers, of '
PitudmtL', Pennsylvania, on the same subject.
\lb0, the inemoual ot C. Cuitis, Willard Leonard, and
others, citizens of Western Pennsylvania, on the same sub-
ject. :
Also.thr mnnonal of MeCandlei & Campbell and others, ,
of Alleghan\ county, Pennsylvania, on the *ame subject. 1
AIj-o, the petition of .Taints Veale and others, ieM<ient.- of ,
the Upp u Peninsula, iu the State of Michigan, upon the
same sunjeet.
Also, the uieniorial of William Wei neburg, Leopold Sahl,
and oth«jtw, citizens of Pennsylvania, pra>ing Congress to
declaio the forcible intervention of one State in the internal
affairs ot another State to be a violation of the public law of
the woihi.
\l< o, the petition of George Peterson, Samuel L. Peden,
Thoma^ !-\icr, and otheis, citizens ot Pennsylvania, praying
for additional piotection to salt, non, coal, glass, and cotton. >
IN SENATE.
.Monday, March S, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butj,er.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid hefoie the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of State, accompanied
by lists of the clerks and other persons employed
m that Department during the year 1351; and the
amount paid to each; which was read and ordered
to he printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Secretary of State showing
the disbursements for the service of the State De-
partment, including foreign missions, for the year
endincr Jimo 30, lclol; which was read and or-
dered~to be referred to the Committee on Finance,
and printed.
The PRESIDENT /to Itm. laid before the Sen-
r«.te a report of the Secretary of the Interior, show-
ing the balances of appropriations for the service
of that Department on the 1st of July, 1850; the
npp-opriations for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1^51; the repayments and transfers, with the
applicable to the service during the same
period, and the amounts drawn from the Treas-
ury, with such appropriations as have been ear-
ned t*> i\\z sarrdas fund, on the 1st of July, 1^51;
which was read and ordered to be referred to the
Committee on Finance a;;d prmted.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tent. laid before the Sen-
ate two memorials of officers of the army serving
m New Mexico, praying for themselves and the
soldiers under their command the same additional
allowance of pay as is granted to those m Cali-
fornia and Oregon; which were referred t<« the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. REWARD presented the petition of Ar-
nold tlusver, an assistant marshal for taking the
Seventh Census in Pennsylvania, praying addi-
tional compensation; which was referred to the
Committee Claims.
I Also, the petition of Jordan W. Eldred and
[ others, praying that the lav/abolishing flogging in
' the Navy may not be repealed; which was referred
i to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I Also, the petition of William Manchester and
: others, praying that the public lands may be grant-
ed in limited quantites to actual settlers not pos-
sessed of other lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Also, additional documents in support of the
claim of the heirs of Brinton Paine; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of "Wil-
liam Heumann, a soldier in the late war with
Mexico, praying a pension; whick was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a petition of citizens of Bond county, Illi-
nois, praying that bounty land may be granted to
certain mounted men from Illinois and Missouri,
called into service in 183d, to defend the frontiers
against anticipated Indian attacks; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. MILLER presented the memorial of Sarah
Somers Corson, nearest survi\ ing relative and heir-
at-law of Richard Somers, who fell at Tripoli in
1804, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WADE submitted a communication from
P. K. Dickenson & Co., remonstrating against
the further extension of Woodworth's patent for
a planing machine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Air. DAVIS presented three memorials of assist-
ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Franklin county, Massachusetts, praying addi-
tional compensation; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. MORTON submitted additional documents
in relation to the claim of Chandler C. Yonge;
which were referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of Roderick
T. Hnrginbotham; the memorial of Margaret P.
Hallett, administratrix of John llallett; the me-
morial of Andrew Moore; the memorial of Daniel
Davis; the memorial of Desha Bunton: and the
memorial of John W. Bunton, praying the estab-
lishment of a tribunal to review <the decisions of
the late Board of Commissioners for the settle-
ment of claims of American citizens against Mex- i
ico; which were referred to the select committee !
appointed on the subject. :
Also, a memorial of citizens of Texas, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Lynchburg
to San Augustine in that State; winch was le- i
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post ■
Roads. I
Mr. SMITH presented a petition of citizens !
of Fairfield county, Connecticut, remonstrating
against the further extension of Woodworth *s 1
patent for a planing machine; which was referred ,
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Of- >
lice.
Mr HAMLIN presented four petitions of citi- ,
zens of Maine, remonstrating against the renewal '
of Parker's patent for improvement in water-
wheels; which was referred to the Committee on ,
Patents and the Patent Office. (
Mr.HTJNTERpresentedapetitionof merchants
and others, citizens of Richmond, Virginia, prav- '
ing that further aid may be extended to Collins's
line of steam-ships; which was referred to :lie Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
AlbO, a petition of citizens of Brooke county.
Virginia, remonstrating the rcnev;^
Woouworth's patent for a plaiting machine; wl?
was referred to the Committee on Patents and
Patent Office.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of the chil-
dren and heirs of Uriah Jones, a soldier in the rev-
olutionary war, praying a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CHASE presented the memorial of inhabit- 1
a.its of Gieene county, Ohio, praying that the
transportation of the mails on Sunday nwv be
nrohibited by law; which was i eferred to the Com-
mittee Oi) t ho Post Office and Post Rnnds.
Mr. "WADE presented two memorials ot assist-
ant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
1 Ohio, praying additional compensation; which
1 was referred to the Committee of Claims. _
Mr. CASS presented a memorial of citizens ot
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to declare their
recognition of the doctrine of non-intervention and
!i prevent its infraction; which was ordered to be
; laid on the table.
! In presenting this memorial the honorable Sen-
; ator said, by intervention I mean the right to
j! meddle with the concerns of other nations, and
!j especially to put down struggles for freedom wher-
' I ever efforts are made to establish free Govern-
;, ments. That is my doctrine on intervention.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
| tion of citizens of Wisconsin, praying a grant of
, land to certain companies therein mentioned, for
theconstrnctionofa railroad from Chicago,through
Janesville and Fond Du Lac, to Lake Superior;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
■ Lands:.
Mr. BRODHEAD piesented a petition of car-
; penters of the city and county of Philadelphia,
: remonstrating against the further extension of
: Woodworth's patent lor a planing machine; which
> was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
;i Patent Office.
1 Also, a memorial of inhabitants of Lawrence
'! county, Pennsylvania, praying that thetransport-
j1 ation of the mails on Sunday may be prohibited
by law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of C. Churchman and others,
: praying appropriations for the repair of the break-
j water and piers in the Delaware river; which was
i referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also* two petitions of citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying an increase of the
duty on iron; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
' Also, a petition of citizens of Pennsylvania,
■ remonstrating against a renewal of Parker s patent g
, for improvements in the water-wheel; which was
, referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. BADGER presented two memorials of
assistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census
in North Carolina, praying additional compensa-
t tion; which were referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. FISH presented a petition of lumber deal-
ers of Albany, New York, remonstrating against
the further extension of Wood worth's patent for
a planing machine; which was referred to the
: Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Air. SOULE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of Louisiana, in favor of an appro-
priation for the removal of the obstructions to
navigation in the Red river; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Also, the memorial of Dr George East, of Mis-
souri, preying the establishment of a tribunal to
! review the decisions of the late Board of Com-
missioners for the settlement of claims against
; Mexico; which was referred to the select commit-
tee appointed on that snbjcct.
Also, the petition of Thomas W. Phelps, pray-
ing a pension in consequence of the loss of sight
, caused by disease contacted in the naval service;
' which was refened to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RHETT presented the petition of Ann Y.
Kelly, administratrix of William H. Lee, pray-
ing the establishment of a tribunal to review the
decisions of the late Board of Commissioners for
the settlement of claims against Mexico; which
was referred to the select committee appointed on
that subject.
Mr. BRADBURY presented five petitions of
citizens of Maine, remonstrating against the re-
newal of Parkers' patent for improvements in
water-wheels; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Air. UNDERWOOD presented a memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying a modification
of the bounty land law; which was referred to the
Committee .on Public Lands.
In jnesenting the memoiial the honorable Sena-
, tor said: The pentioneis pray that the bounty
land act of September, 1S50, may be so amended
as to enlarge the quantity of lond heretofore
granted to 100 acres, because they say that SO or
40 acres are not enov^h for a laim. They also say
that soldiers who enlisted m the w ar with MexW>,
and who spent only o:'e month in barracks m
comfortable quarters! gH that quantity of land, and
tluit the .-'ohhers of the war 381:2, who 1 ought
se\eral battles, ousrhi ot least to fare as well as
tho^e who rendered so httlo service.
Mr. WALKER p--e^cnted a petition ot' citizen?
of Fmton connfv, Uunois, praying that the public
