2470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
performing duty ever since last winter, under the
authority of the Committee on Contingent Ex-
penses.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope that amendment
will not be odopted. It seems to me to be a very
extraordinary time to offer such a resolution when
we are within a few hours of adjournment. If
this were the first day of the session, instead of
next to the last, there might be some propriety in
such a resolution. I think we have quite as many
clerks, if not more, than we want; and I trust that
the amendment will be rejected.
Mr. GWiN. I hope the amendment will be
agreed to. The gentleman for whom it provides
has been employed for months past. His ser-
vices were indispensable to enable the Secretary
to perform the duties in his office. I know him
to be a very meritorious clerk—a gentleman who
has filled his post well, and who ought to be re-
tained in it. I trust, therefore, that the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. MASON. I move that when the Senate
adjourns it adjourn to meet to-morrow at ten
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT. That motion cannot be
received until the subject under consideration has
been disposed of.
Mr. MASON. Then I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
A division was called for on the motion, and
there were—ayes 15, noes 22.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I would like to address an
inquiry to the Senator from Iowa, who reported the
resolution from the committee. I should like to
know what will be the aggregate amount of extra
compensation which will be paid to the clerks and
others under this resolution? I understand it is
similar to the one heretofore adopted.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Precisely the same.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I understand that the
amount will be $20,000.
A Senator. More than that.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am informed that the
amount will exceed $20,000. I know that when a
similar resolution was before the Senate at the
last session, the honorable Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Whitcomii] showed that under it $20,000
extra would be paid. My friend from Wisconsin
says I am somewhat in error upon this subject.
I would really like to know how much it is, be-
cause if it is $j0,000 or $15,000 extra, I do not
think it is exactly right. I think that the clerks
here are as well paid as any of the employees
about the Departments,and if we are to pay them
$10,000 or $15,000, let us extendit to all the clerks
m the Departments.
Mr. SEWARD. I regret, Mr. President, that
there should be any objection to this resolution in
the shape in which it comes before the Senate. I
believe that it proposes nothing new. For several
years past, at the expiration of the session of Con-
gress, we have been in the habit of bestowing a
gratuity upon the officers who have attended upon
us during our deliberations. I believe that it pro-
poses nothing in the way ofincrease or augment-
ation, but llitit the sums recommended by the
coinminee are precisely the same as those which
have heretofore been paid. I believe that we have
never appropriated less than is proposed now—
while we h.ivc appropriated more 
The Pi! ESI DENT. The Chair will inform the
Senator from New York fMr. Seward] that the
question is upon the proposition offered by the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. MangumJ to
employ an additional clerk.
Mr. IVtANGUM. Upon that question let me
explain that the object of the amendment is not to
increase the number of clerks. It is simply to
continue and legalize the employment of a gentle-
man who has been performing duties m the Secre-
tary's office all the session.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Will the Senator from
North Carolina permit me to interrupt him? Upon
a representation which has been made to me in re-
gard to this amendment, I withdraw my objection
to it.
Mr. MANGUM. Then I will make no further
remarks, except to say that this gentleman, at the
instance of divers Democratic friends, resigned one
office which was to him p.s good as a life estate.
Mr. ADAMS. I shall oiTer no opposition to
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
North Carolina; but I say now, that so long as I
entertain the opinion which I now entertain, I
shall think it quite proper, that when gentlemen
desire to employ clerks over and above the usual
number, they ought to notify the Senate in ad-
vance.
The question was taken upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Mangum, and it was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I now move further to
amend the resolution of the committee by insert-
ing the following in regard to the provision made
concerning messengers and folders:
In folding documents printed by Congress, and such
speeches made in Congress as Senators may order to be
folded.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
And that Uie employees in the offices of the Daily Union,
the National Intelligencer, and the Republic shall each be
paid the sum of $300."
I think, sir, that if we are to pay reporters who
are not directly employed by us, but who are the
employees of the proprietors of these papers, we
might as well give extra compensation to each of
the employees engaged in each of these offices.
A Senator, f would suggest to the Senator
from Alabama that he ought to amend his amend-
ment by including the employees of the National
Era.
Another Senator. And the Southern Press.
Mr. CLEMENS. But the Southern Press is
dead, and of course there are no employees there.
Mr. MANGUM. I think I may feel author-
ized to say, that the two distinguished Whig
presses named in that amendment, desire no such
gratuity.
Mr. CLEMENS. Then, it is the first time I
ever knew a Whig to refuse anything of the kind.
[Laughter.] If the Senator proposes an amend-
ment to my amendment, to that effect, I will ac-
cept it.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Alabama persevere in his amendment ?
Mr. CLEMENS. No, sir, I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT. The question, then, is on
the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. W ALKER. On thatamendment I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; and the
question being taken, the amendment was agreed ,
to.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in at the end of the section provid-
ing for the reporters:
And that the office of Reporter be, and the same is
hereby, abolished, from and after the close of the present
session.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
from Mississippi whether he wishes to abolish the
office of Reporter entirely, or whether he designs
to abolish the office of Reporter to the Senate?
Mr. ADAMS. I mean the office of Reporter
to the Senate.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I offer the following
amendment:
Resolved further, That the Secretary of the Senate
eau*« to In; puMiMied, and laid upon the tables of Senators
at the commencement of next session, the sums paid, under
those n^oluuons, to the several per&ons entitled, and the
amount paid to each.
A Senator. Is the gentleman from Kentucky
serious in offering that amendment?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I am serious.
Mr. WELLER. We will all go for the amend-
ment, provided the Senator from Kentucky will
not make a speech.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHIELDS. I move to strike out from the
original resolution, the words " underthe direction
of the same authority." The object is, to leave
the Sergeant-at-Arms to judge of the number of
wagons and horses necessary to be employed in
conveying documents to the post office, during the
recess. It is impossible that the committee can
judge of it. If the committee were here during
the recess, they could determine what would be
necessary; but they will not be here, therefore this
discretion should begiven to theSergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. HUNTER. Can I submit a motion to go
into Executive session ?
The PRESIDENT. Not until this subject is
disposed of.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Shjelps] will
not be adopted. The resolution is now in the
same terms as those of the resolution of last ses-
sion. I think that the committee should have
supervision of this matter. If my friend from
Illinois were as well acquainted with this business
as I am, I think he would not persist in his amend-
ment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Very well; I will not persist
in it. *
The amendment was accordingly withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT. The question ia on the
resolution as amended.
Mr. GWIN. I offer the following amendment
to the resolution:
Resolved, That William Hickey, the principal Executive
clerk, be allowed and paid the same amount of competition
as is allowed to the principal legislative clerk,commencing
wjth the present session of Congress.
It is known that this gentleman has been per-
forming double duty during the whole of the ses-
sion. He is a clerk at the Secretary's desk, and
we all know that hisduties have been arduous and
onerous. This amendment only proposes to put
him on the same footing as the clerks who re-
ceive $300. I trust that the amendment will be
unanimously adopted.
Mr. CLEMENS. If any of the persons pro-
vided for in this report ougnt to be allowed extra
compensation, the gentleman named in the amend-
ment of the Senator from California ought to be
provided for. But, in my opinion, none of these
resolutions should pass. There is not an execu-
tive officer in the Senate or House of Representa-
tives who has not applied for an increase of com-
pensation. In my opinion this has been the most
reckless Congress, in regard to expenditures of
this kind, that ever did assemble. There is not
an officer in any of the Departments who has not
applied for extra compensation. I take much
pleasure in saying that this is one of the most
meritorious cases which has been presented here.
And if any of these clerks are to receive extra
compensation,the gentleman named in this amend-
ment is entitled to receive it. But 1 want it distinct-
ly understood that I shallvote against them all. I
have voted for none of them, and I intend to vote
'or none of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I entirely concur with the Sen-
ator from Alabama, that this resolution contem-
plates a most reckless expenditure of the public
money. It introduces, too, a very extraordinary
principle—a principle which, I think, ought to
engage the attention of the country. We have
made a contract for reporting and publishing our
debates. We all know the character of the corps
of reporters; we all know that they perform their
duties well and skillfully; but we all know, too,
that our contract is not with the corps of reporters,
but with the gentlemen who employ them; and
the proposition to pay a gratuity to the reporters
is precisely of the same character as a proposition
which has several times been agitated here, with-
in the last few months, to pay the workmen em-
ployed under one of your contractors. If the re-
porters are to be paid in this way, then it would
be proper that the workmen engaged in building
the wings of your Capitol should also be paid. I
will not detain the Senate at this late hour of the
session, in commenting further on what I conceive
to be objectionable in the resolution; but I will
move to* lay the resolution on the table, and on
that motion I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bright, Brodhead, Chase, Clpm-
ens, Down-i, Hunter, Mason, Meriwether, Norris, Spru-
ance, and Underwood—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell, Borland, Brooke, Cass,
Charlton, Clarke, Cooper, Davis, De Sau?sure, Dodge of
Iowa, Fish, Foot, Geyer, Grnti, Houston, James, Jones of
Iowa, Mangum, Miller, Morton, Rusk, Seward, Shields,
Smith, Soule, Wade, Walker, and Weller—29.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was rejected.
Mr. BELL. I think there is some objection,
on principle, to the state in which this resolution
now stands. We propose here to pay a gratuity
to reporters, who are not officers of the Senate.
This subject was under the consideration of the
Committee on the Contingent Fund, and it was
suggested that if tnis payment were made, it would
be difficult to determine where we should stop. If
this could be placed on a safe principle, or on such
