1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2471
a ground as might be applied to the government
of similar cases, I would have no objection what-
ever to give this gratuity to the reporters as an
acknowledgment on the part of the Senate of the
fidelity with which they have made their reports.
1 suggested to my friend from Iowa, who is chair-
man of the committee, [Mr. Dodge,] whether we
could not here at once adopt a principle which
would be safe in such cases. Those reporters
who are admitted to the floor of the Senate ought
to be in some sort under the control of the Senate.
If this proposition.can be amended in such a man-
ner as that they could be recognized as officers, or
with the view to such a proposition in future,
taking care that no reporter should be admitted to
the floor of the Senate but those who were actu-
ally employed by the publishers of the Congres-
sional Globe and Daily Union, then, I think, I
should vote for it. But these persons should be
such as receive the sanction of the Secretary of
the Senate to come upon the floor; they should be
recognized as persons proper to be employed here.
I should have no objection to the proposition that
those who have been employed during the session
should be so recognized; and I think it would be
proper that we should resolve that in future the
Secretary of the Senate should recognize and sanc-
tion such as ought to be admitted on this floor;
and that no reporter should be admitted who has
not such sanction. We would then have them
under our control as officers of the Senate, and
they would be subject to our reprehension in case
of misconduct, and might, in such case, be ejected
by the Presiding Officer. If that amendment was
made, I think the principle would be sound. I
say nothing against the amount proposed to be
paid to these gentlemen, but I object to the prin 
ciple as it is now embodied in that resolution.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate;
the amendments were concurred in, and the reso-
lution was read a third time and passed, as fol-
lows:
1st. Resolved, That there be allowed and paid, under
the direction of the Committee to Audit and Control the Con-
tingent expenses of the Senate, to the persons in its em-
ploy, the sums, respectively, which were allowed at the last
session, and to Harry Dodson, John Brown, and Robeit
Carter, the sum of $50 each.
2d. Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms, under the di-
rection of the same committee, be authorized to employ
the nies:-en«?ers, pages, and folders, during the recess, in
folding documents, and that the same price be paid there-
for as was paid at the last session ; and that he be author-
ized, under the same authority, to employ the necessary
force of men and wagons to convey the documents to the
eity post office.
yd. Resolved, That there be paid, under the direction of
the Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, to each member of the respective
corps of reporters to the Senate, $300.
4th. Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Senate be
authorized to employ an additional clerk, who shall be
allowed the same compensation as the engrossing clerks.
5th. Resoloed, That the Secretary of the Senate cause
to be published and laid on the table of Senators at the
commencement of the next session, the sums paid under
these resolutions to the several per&ons entitled, and the
amount paid to each.
6th. Resolved, That William Hickey, the principal
executive clerk, be allowed and paid the same amount of
compensation as is allowed to the principal legislative
clerk, commencing with the present session of Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed the bill from the Senate to
constitute Alton, in the State of Illinois, a port of
entry, with an amendment.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill,
and it was concurred in.
Also, a message announcing that the President
of the United States had notified the House that
he had signed House bill No. 144, entitled " An
act to amend an act entitled * An act to reduce
and modify the rates of postage in the United
States, and for other purposes,' passed March 3,
1851."
Also, " An act making appropriations for the
* transportation of the United States mails by ocean
4 steamers, and otherwise, during the fiscal year
s ending the 30th June, 1853."
Also, " An act in addition to an act to promote
the progress of the useful arts."
Also/4 An act making appropriations for the
* current and contingent expenses of the Indian
( Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
< with various Indian tribes, for the year ending
* June 30, 1853."
Also, "An act making appropriations for the
improvement of certain harbors and rivers.''
EXECuflVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned to meet at nine o'clock
to-morrow morning.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
monday, August 30, 1852.
The House metat eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move to dispense with
the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order,
except by unanimous consent.
Mr. HALL. I object.
The Clerk then proceeded to read.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope I shall
be allowed to move to dispense with the further
reading of the Journal. I understand it will take
about an hour to read it. I suppose the Speaker
has examined it and found it to be correct. If it
be in order, I make that motion.
Mr. HALL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion cannot be made without a sus-
pension of the rule. That is the impression of the
Chair. He, however, is not very certain upon
the matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will not ob-
ject to dispensing with the reading of the Journal.
There is, however, one portion to which I desire
to call the attention of the House. When the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] offered the
resolution requiring the select committee for in-
vestigating the conduct of the Secretary of the
Treasury in relation to the Gardiner claim, to
prosecute that investigation during the vacation, it
was my impression that the committee would be
allowed to make their report so soon as the inves-
tigation should have been completed. If they are
not authorized to make their report as soon as it
is completed, the object which would detain the
committee during the recess will be defeated. It
will not be necessary that we should be detained
here after the adjournment of Congress, unless we
can report the facts for the information of the
country, or to those who are concerned. If it is
to be laid over to the next session of Congress, the
whole object will be defeated.
A message was here received from the Senate,
announcing the passage, by that body, of the fol-
lowing bills:
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1853, with amend-
ments;
A bill making appropriations for the support of j
the Army during the fiscal year ending June 30, '
1853, with amendments; j
A bill making appropriations for the service of I
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year !
ending June 30, 1853, with amendments; and 1
A bill making appropriations for the transporta- !
tion of the United States mail by ocean steamers and i
otherwise, during the fiscal year ending June 30, |
1853, without amendment. |
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by a J
member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills that j
it is next to impossible for them to get through |
with their labors—their number having been re- j
duced from some cause. They ask, therefore, i
that two additional members may be placed upon ;
the committee. Is it the pleasure of the House ]
that the Speaker be empowered to appoint two j
additional members upon that committee? 1
There was no objection, and it was so ordered;;
and the Speaker appointed Messrs. McNair and !
Goodenow. 1
The objection being withdrawn, the further ;
reading of the Journal was dispensed with. j
Mr. CLARK. 1 rise to a question of order. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I have al- |
ready the floor upon a question of order. 1 rise
to move a correction of the Journal. I was pro- ,
ceedmg to state that when the gentleman from j
Ohio [Mr. Edgerton] moved, on Saturday, a|
resolution detaining the Select Committee during |
the recess of Congress, I was under the impres-
sion that they would be authorized to report the
facts to the country as soon as they should have
completed their investigation. Unless this au-
thority be given them, it will be wholly useless to
require them to remain hereduring the recess; and
it will be incurring additional expense for no pur-
pose. I was under the impression that the reso-
lution gave that authority; and I now ask the
unanimous consent of the House for the Journal
to be corrected, as to permit the committee to re-
port to the Clerk of the House during the recess.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I object.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot «ee why gentlemen
will object. The whole object will be defeated
unless this authority be given; and I appeal to the
gentleman to withdraw his objection.
Mr. HOWE. I will withdraw my objection.
The Journal was corrected accordingly.
Mr. CLARK. I now rise to a question of order.
I desire to know whether the first business in
order is not to call the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads for reports ?
The SPEAKER. That would be the first busi-
ness in order but for the fact, that a hill reported
from that committee has not been disposed of, and
is now pending before the House as unfinished
business.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to make a report from the Committee on
Printing.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this time
to make a report from that committee, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. GORMAN. I ask that the report may be
read for information.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resoh-ed, That there be printed for the use of the House
of Representatives, one hundred thousand copies of the
agricultural part of the Patent Office Report.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
received and agreed to.
Mr. PENN, I call for the regular order of
business
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the motion to lay on the table House bill
No. 323, for the relief of the Memphis and Charles-
ton or Tennessee, Mississippi and Alabama, the
Alabama and Tennessee river, the Coosa, the New-
Orleans and Jackson, and the New Orleans and
Opelousas, and Great Western Railroad Compa-
nies.
Mr. GORMAN. I desire the unanimous con-
sent of the House to make a motion from the
Committee on Printing. It is, that the mechanical
part of the Patent Office Report, now lying upon
your table, be taken up and printed. I ask that it
may be done now; for, unless it be done, we shall
not have time to do it during the present session
of Congress.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
There was no objection, and the motion was re-
ceived and passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, there
was a bill passed the Senate ("No. 59) which was
sent here and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. Under their direction, I asknow that
it may be taken up and acted upon.
Mr. PENN. I insist upon the regular order of
business.
Mr. JONES. I hope I may be allowed to ask
that Senate bill No. 59 be taken up and acted upon.
It was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means a long time ago, and under the instructions
of that committee I reported it back to the House.
It is a bill to provide compensation to such persons
as shall be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury to receive and freep the public money,
under the fifteenth section of the act of August 6th,
1846, to provide for additional services required
under that act. By that act, the Secretary of the
Treasury is authorized to designate certain officers
as receivers at land offices, custom-house officers,
and collectors, as depositaries of the public money,
at points where there are no assistant treasurers.
Mr. PENN. I call the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to order. He is making a speech, and con-
suming the morning hour. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. JONES. I hope the House will consent
to take this bill up and pass it. It is one which
will require no discussion. I have no interest in
it, but I desire to see it taken up and passed.
