1608
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
amendment is pertinent to the main subject or not;
and if they think it is not, to put it out of the way
as unnecessary to befheii considered, or, perhaps,
unnecessary to be considered fit all. That is the
whole measure. It interferes with no privilege of
the .minority, and it leaves to the majority what I
have always been taught to believe was their right;
that is, to decide upon and direct the measures of
the body. I want to maintain no privilege which
puts it in my power to overrule the majority. But
a reasonable latitude of debate in the present case
we have. There will be no difficulty upon that
point. The courtesy of the Senate has allowed it
to go too far, rather than manifesting a disposition
to improperly control debate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to express one
idea for the consideration of the Senate, to show
that there can be nothing in the objection made by
my friend from Tennessee.
Mr. BELL. I should be glad to have you do
so.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think I will convince
the Senator himself, if he will listen to the expres-
sion of the idea. " His objection is, thatif my propo-
sition be adopted, it will restrict the rights of the
minority in reference to discussion, and thereby
deprive them of the privilege of exposing the errors
of the majority.
Mr. BELL. I did not say that.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I understand the tenor
of the objection is, that a dominant majority may
trampfe upon the rights of the minority. I wish
to show that it is impossible that that can be. A
bill, I do not care what its character may be, is
pending before the Senate. I rise to move to
amend it. The amendment which I offer is either
pertinent and relevant to the matter of the bill, or
it is a substantive and distinctive proposition,
having no relation to the matter of the bill. It
must be one or the other; it can be nothing else.
It either qualifies the matter of the bill in some of
its relations, or it is a distinct, independent ques-
tion, having no connection with the matter of the
bill. Suppose it be one of these distinct, inde-
pendent questions, having nothing to do with the
matter of the bill; the amendment which I propose
to the rule only authorizes the Senate to say, we
will not consider that; we will lay it upon the
table. How does that affect the rights of the
minority ? How does it prevent the minority from
exposing, by discussion, the errors of a dominant
and tyrannical majority ? It is utterly impossible
that it can have any effect of that sort. The only
effect is, that it will allow the majority to say;
This independent proposition of yours, having no
relation or connection with the merits of the bill
itself, shall be laid aside. That disposes of every
amendment of that sort. How, then, is it with
reference to an amendment which will qualify the
main proposition of the bill, to enlargeit,to restrict
it in point of time, or in reference to its operation
upon society ? I can rise, and move my amend-
ment, restricting the main proposition, enlarging
it, or qualifying it in any way. A Senator moves
to lay that amendment on the table. There is no
discussion until that vote is taken; and the amend-
ment which would qualify the main matter of the
bill is laid upon the table. What is left to me ?
And this is the idea which induced me to rise. I
can get up and oppose the bill upon the very
ground that the dominant tyrannical majority re-
fused, by the amendment which I offered, to allow
me to qualify the bill in its operations, and make
it acceptable to the country; and I can show m
debate, that for the want of that very amendment,
which the majority have laid on the table, the bill
will be injurious to my constituents, and to the
whole country. In that way, by discussion and
debate, I can place the responsibility of the major-
ity upon such a footing that the whole country
will see it. Can anything be plainer than all that ?
Nothing, sir; nothing.
In reference to the point between my friend
from Tennessee and my friend frpm North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Badger,] 1 recollect an instance which
probably my friend from Tennessee will recollect.
When we had a general appropriation bill some
years ago up for consideration, a Senator from
Wisconsin offered an amendment, proposing a
government for the Territories of New Mexico
and California. The question came up whether
that was in order; and I believe my friend from
Tennessee made a speech, showing that that
proposition for a territorial government was in
order, by way of amendment to the appropriation
bill.
I am sorry to have detained the Senate thus
long upon a proposition which everybody seems
to admit in principle ought to be adopted; and I
thank my friends from Mississippi [Mr. Adams]
and North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,] for the sup-
port which they have given 'to it. I am only
afraid, now, that it will really be killed by that
disease called cacoethes loquendi—that we will
speak it to death, and, perhaps, never get it up
again.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I appreciate, cer-
tainly as highly as the honorable Senator from
North Carolina does, the courtesy of the Senate;
and I think we have had, perhaps, an excess of it.
The honorable Senator says he has always been
in the minority here, and has had no reason to
complain. Well, there have been two minorities,
and one is a little smaller than the other, and I
have been in the smaller minority. [Laughter.]
I wish to refresh the recollection of those who are
disposed to glorify themselves upon the uniform
courtesy of the Senate, with one decision which
stands upon your records, and is now part of the
law which you, sir, I suppose, are bound to ad-
minister until it is revoked or reconsidered by the
Senate. It was solemnly decided by a Vice Pres-
ident of the United States, whom the Constitution
made the presiding officer of this body, that it was
in order, parliamentary, and rightful, for one mem-
ber of this body to charge another with introdu-
cing propositions into the body, not for the pur-
pose of business, not for the purpose of debate,
but simply for amusement; that it was in order to
charge a member with introducing matters into
this body to make mere amusement for himself
and others. A Vice President decided that that
was parliamentary and in order, and, upon an ap-
peal taken from the decision of the Vice President,
this courteous body—courteous I grant to excess,
cacoethes of courtesy—decided that that was right,
and that is the parliamentary, senatorial rule here
to-day. According to that, I may, if I please,
charge the honorable Senator from Kentucky, not
with any desire of having these rules amended,
but of introducing this proposition here merely to
gratify a love of fun and amusement—to set a
mass of speeches going. That is the law of the
Senate now, solemnly settled upon an appeal taken
from a decision of the Vice President. 1 doubt
whether we can find in the parliamentary history
of the Commons, or the Lords spiritual or tempo-
ral, of Great Britain, a decision which may be char-
acterized with worse adjectives than that. I will
not make the attempt; I will let that go, and let it
stand. So much, sir, for the experience which
some minorities have had, different from other
minorities. And when the honorable Senator from
j North Carolina speaks of the courtesy extended
i to minorities, he should remember, that as there
j! are different degrees of comparison in grammar,
j| so there are different degrees of minorities in pol-
1 itics,—at least so I find it.
Now, sir, I want to call the attention of the
Senate to the fact, which cannot be denied, that
this is a step in the measure of restriction and in
the matter of restriction. But with all the restric-
tions with which the process of business has been
hampered in theother branch of the National Legis-
lature, we do business here forty times as fast,
and with forty times the facility that they do, with
all their previous questions, and with all the inge-
I nious devices with which they have cumbered
their rules to embarrass debate. It is a fact, of
which I have been informed to-day while I have
been here, that, with all the facilities which the
House have for doing business, they have not
called through their committees since about the
! first two weeks of the session; and they have been
I waiting for nearly six months, and have not done
! what we do here every morning on which we have
! a session; that is, call through the committees,
j With all their devices, it would seem as if inge-
\ nuity was a.task, instead of facilitating, to em-
i barrass, hinder, and obstruct business,
j I say—and I concur with the suggestions made
j by the honorable Senator from Tennessee—that
I this privilege of proposing amendments, and of
! bringing the Senate to a vote upon amendments,
i is one of the great privileges of a minority.
| Mr. President, I appreciate the privileges of a
j minority much more than you do. They are
i dearer to me. I know but little of what are the
privileges of a majority; very little. But if there
are any privileges which a minority have, let us
keep them. I suspect that if the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina will search the bottom
of his heart, he will find that now he begins to
lose his tender regard for the rights of minorities
from a lurking scepticism in his mind as to whether
what is now the majority will continue to be so,
and whether things are not to be turned upside
down, and those who have heretofore found them-
selves in the minority are to be translated into the
majority. I confess, sir, that the honorable Sen-
ator from North Carolina was one of the last men
on this floor whom I expected to find advocating
an amendment of this character.
Take a single naked proposition; you cannot
defeat it. What is one of the most obvious rights
of a minority in such a case ? It is to present
amendments in every way and shape and form in
which ingenuity can devise them, and bring the
body to a vote upon those amendments; so that
by possibility the measure, if it cannot be defeat-
ed, may be shorn of some of its most objection-
able features, or may have something added to it
by virtue of which it will be made more accept-
able to the minority and to the country. But this
resolution proposes at one fell swoop to cut that
all off, and by the iron and inexorable rule of lay-
ing upon the table—which precludes all debate—
to prevent gentlemen from presenting their meas-
ures and elucidating the views which they may
entertain upon the proposition which they may
make, and to cut this off at once and bring the
body to a direct vote upon the simple and naked
proposition, and nothing else. I say, sir, that a
more alarming hlow, one more eminently calcu-
lated to cut off the rights of minorities, cannot
well be conceived.
It is idle for gentlemen to flatter themselves that
we are in no danger here—that we are the wisest
and most virtuous, and liberal-minded people that
ever lived, and that there is no danger of the ap-
proach of tyranny or despotism in this or in the
other branch of Congress. Sir, I do not believe
it. Human nature is human nature. Power is
power; and it is always stealing away from the
hands of the many into the hands of the few, and
they will exercise it. We ought not to surrender
any safeguard which the experience and wisdom
of the past have found and preserved, and handed
down to us for guarding these rights.
I feel for myself—and I will not speak for any-
body else, for I do not know that there is any-
body else in my situation—a delicacy about this
matter. After having enjoyed this power for five
years, just as I am about to leave this body, vacate
this seat of power, and go out amongst the people,
I am unwilling that he who sits in my seat after
me, shall sifc here hampered and restricted by a
rule that I have imposed upon him just about the
time I am leaving, and which I have not thought
necessary to govern and restrain myself during
the term I sat here. For this reason I desire that
the proposed alteration of the rules shall not be
adopted at this time. At all events I hope that if
it is to be adopted, its adoption will be postponed
until the new order of things. I hope it will be
postponed till that problem which is lurking in the
mind of the Senator from North Carolina, is set-
tled, whether minorities are to be minorities, and
majorities to be majorities; and when that day
dawns, and that problem is demonstrated, let those
who have the pcrtver change the rules; but let us
not do it at this time.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I confess that
the questions raised by the Senator from Tennes-
see, addressed themselves to me with very great
force. I recollect a discussion which took place
in the Senate some year ago, upon a proposition
then introduced, to adopt the "previous question."
Although this is not the same proposition, yet it
is but a modification of it. The rules of Parlia-
ment, as I understand them, and the rules which
are framed for the government of this body, are
not only intended to facilitate, as suggested by the
honorable Senator from North Carolina, the dis-
patch of business, and to direct it according to the
will of the majority, but they are intended to im-
pose limitations upon an absolute and aibitrary
majority; and all those limitations are founded in
the philosophy and the propriety, to some extent,
of protecting the rights of the minority.
What is the proposition before us? The propo-
sition offered by the Senator from Kentucky is,
