2472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
Mr. PENN. I object, and call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. JONES. "Well, sir, I call the attention of
the House to the fact, that a gentleman objects who
comes from a section of the country where there
is an assistant treasurer.
Mr. McGlUEEN. Task the gentleman from
Louisiana to give way, to allow me to introduce a
bill merely for the purpose of having it referred to
the Committee of the w"hole'House.
Mr. PENN; I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. Mc&UEEN then, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill authorizing the adjustment and
payment of the claims of William Hazard, Whig,
for losses sustained by him during the war of the
Revolution; which was read a first and second
time by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and, with the report accompanying,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I rise to a question of
order. I object to the transaction of any other
business before the House proceeds to the regular
order.
DUTY ON RAILROAD IRON.
The House then proceeded to the regular order
of business, being the motion to' lay on the table
House bill No. 323, for the relief of the Memphis
and Charleston or Tennessee, the Mississippi and
Alabama, the Alabama and Tennessee River, the
Coosa, the New Orleans and Jackson, and the
New Orleans and Opelousas, and Great Western
Railroad Companies.
Mr. ALLISON. This is an important bill. If
it be in order, I move that there be a call of the
House.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. IVES, i have a paper in my hand which
I ask may be read for the information of the
House.
Mr. PENN. I object. We have no time to
spare.
The question now being on ordering a call of
the House,
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and,nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler
and Hendricks were appointed.
The House was then divided upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and the tellers reported 46 in the
affirmative—a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROOKS. I would suggest, as the yeas
and nays have been ordered upon this bill—and it
is quite evident that we cannot dispose of it during
the morning hour—that, to save time, we now take
up one of the appropriation bills.
Mr. COBB. I object. We can have at least
one vote upon the bill before the morning hour
expires.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been ordered upon the motion ihat there be a call
of the House, and they must be taken unless dis-
pensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. OUTLAW. I rise to a question of order.
I understand the previous question has been or-
dered upon the pavssage of the bill. I submit that
it is not in order to move a call of the House after
the previous question has been ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform the
gentleman from North Carolina that the previous
question has not been seconded, and much less
ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—yeas
51, nays 100.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then put, and the result was
—yeas 90, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles AUen, Allison, Barrere, Bibig-
haus, John H. Boyd, George H. Brown, Buell, Busby, Oart-
ter, Chandler, Chapman, Cleveland, Cobb, Curtw, Daw-
son, Dean, Dimmick, Disney,Dockerv, Duncan, Edgerton,
Edmundson, Faulkner, Florence, Floyd, Fowler, Ileniy
M. Fuller, Gamble, Gaylord, Gilmore, Good enow, Goodrich,
Green, Hamilton, Hammond, Hascall, Haven, Ilorsford,
John W. Howe, Ingersolljlves, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones,
George G. King, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Letcher,
Mann, Martin, Mason, McNair, Henry D. Moore, Morri-
son, Murray, Newton, Andrew Parker, Penmman, Petkms,
Phelps, Price, Reed, Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Robie,
Ross,n avage, Schoonmaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
0 rt geS. Seymour, Skelton, Snow, Richard H. Stanton,
Tbaddeus Stevens, Thompson, Thurston, Townshend,
Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Washburn, Wells, and Wil-
drick—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken; Willis Allen, William Appleton,
Ashe, Averett, Thomas H. Bayly, Bissell, Bocoek, Bragg,
Breckinridge, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, E. Carnngton
Cabell, Joseph Cable, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chastain, Churchweil, Clark,
Clingman, Conger, Daniel, James G. Davis, Doty, East-
man, Evans, Ewing, Ficklin, Gentry, Gorman, Grey, Hall,
Isham G. Harris, Hart, Haws, Hendricks, Henn, Holla-
day, Houston, Howard, Thomas Y. How, Jackson, John
Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Landry, Lockhart, McOor-
kle, McQueen, Meade, Miller, Millson, Molony, John
Moore, Morehead,-Murphy, Outlaw, Samuel W. Parker,
Penn, Polk, Porter, Powell, Schermerhorn, Scurry, Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, St. Martin,
Strother, Sweeper, Taylor, Venable, Wallace, Ward,'
Watkins, Addison White, Alexander White, Wilcox, and
Woodward—8ti.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. JENKINS. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the bill Was ordered to lie
upon the table, and move to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COBB. For the sake of saving time, I
am willing to make a compromise in this matter.
If it meets the concurrence of the House, I will
move to postpone the consideration of the motion
till the second day of the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. JENKINS. I will notobjectto thegentle-
man's motion to postpone, if he will alter the day
to the fourth Tuesday of the next session.
Mr. COBB. I will accept that amendment.
Mr. KING, of New York. 1 object to the mo-
tion to postpone.
The SPEAKER. Then the question must be
taken upon the motion to lay upon the table the
motion to reconsider.
Mr. COBB. Ifthe question is to be now decided,
1 ask for a call of the House; and upon that I
demand the yeas and nays.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC JJILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a contest going on
about this bill which is not likely to be soon set-
tled. I beg leave to say to the House, that the
Committee of Conference upon the civil and dip-
lomatic bill are ready to report; and that it is ab-
solutely necessary that that bill should be disposed
of at an early hour, or it will be impossible to en-
roll it between now and the time of the adjourn-
ment. I am fearful it cannot be done even now.
I ask, therefore, that the Committee.of Confer-
ence be now permitted to report.
Mr. FICKLIN. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say to the gentleman
from Illinois, in all fairness, that if the morning
hour is to be taken up in this kind of contest, it
would be much better to do away with it alto-
gether.
Mr. FICKLIN. Is the morning hour out?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The morning
hour expires at twenty minutes past twelve
o'clock.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Ficklin] will withdraw
his objection. -
Mr. KING, of New York. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is on the question whether there shall be a
call of the House.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
motion for a call of the House.
[Mr. BARRERE, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the "Act
to amend an act entitled 'An act to provide for the
' better security of the lives of passengers on board
'of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
'and for other purposes;' " which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker.]
Mr. COBB. I have no disposition to impede
the progress of business, but it has been suggested
by persons opposed to 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call the gentle-
man to order.
[Cries of " Order!" "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. COBB. I am willing that it should be
postponed until next session.
[Cries of "Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. A motion to postpone is not
in order so long as a motion for a call of the
House, or a motion to lay upon the table either, is
pending.
Mr. KING, of New York. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. It is upon a call of the House,
and upon that the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. STUART. I wish to state a question of
order. As I understand the decisions of the Chair
heretofore made, when the previous question is
ordered upon a bill 
Mr. KING, of New York. The previous ques-
tion has not been ordered upon this bill.
Mr. STUART. I understood that it had been.
The SPEAKER. It was demanded, but not
seconded.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
informing the House that the Senate had agreed
to the report of the Committee of Conference on
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill.]
Mr. BISSELL. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?.
The SPEAKER. It has not.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll upon
the motion fora call of the House; pending which,
the morning hour having expired,
Mr. FICKLIN said: I believe the morning hour
has expired, and I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has ex-
pired, but the yeas and nays are being called upon
a motion to order a call of the House, and it can-
not be dispensed with except by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. FICKLIN. I hope it will be dispensed
with by unanimous consent. The object was to
exhaust the morning hour, and that object is ac-
complished.
No objection was made,and further proceedings
in the call were dispensed with.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a report from
the Committee of Conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the civil and diplo-
matic bill. I will state, in addition to other rea-
sons for desiring to advance that bill as rapidly
as possible, that it may be enrolled in time, I
understood from one of the Senators upon the
Committee of Conference, a few moments ago,
that he had received a line from the President,
saying that it would be impossible to look over
the bill unless we act hastily upon it; and he made
a special request that an expeditious course should
be pursued with it. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded.
The report of the Committee of Conference was
then read, as follows:
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. 196) "making appro-
bations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853, and for
other purposes," having met, and after full and free confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend, and do recommend to the
respective Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives do agree to the 1st,
2d, 7th, 8th, 11th, 12th, 13th, 14th, 17th, 18th, 20th, Ql&t,
24th, 25th, 26th, 29th, 32d,34th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th, 43d,
45th, 46th, 48th, 49th, 51st, 53d, 54th, 56th, 58th, 59th, 62d,
63rt, 64th, 65th, 66th, 67th, 68th, 69th, 70th, 71st, 72d, 73d,
74th, 75th, 76th, 78th, 79th, 82d, 83d, 84th, 85th, 90rh, 91*t,
94th, 95th, 96th, 97th, 102d, 103d, 104th, 106th, 107th, 109th,
110th, 112th, 113th, 114th, and 119th amendments of the
Senate.
That the two Houses do agree to the 5th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment: Page 2, line I, after the
word accounts," insert the words "of Thomas Ritchie,
assignee of William M. Belt."
That the two Houses do agree to the 6th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows: Page 3, in line
20, after the word "dollars," insert the following words:
" Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be ap-
plied to the enlarging of the present or the erection of new
buildings."
That the two Houses do agree to the 19th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows: Page 6, in
line 2, stnke out the words "nine thousand four hundred
and eighty-five," and insert in lieu thereof the words
" seven thousand."
That the two Houses do agree to the 31st amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, a* follows . Page 9, in line
5, after the word "of," stakeout the words " two thousand
eight hundred," and mseit in lieu thereof the words'-'one
thousand five hundred."
That the two Houses do agree to the 35th amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, as follows : Page 11, strike
out lines from 1 to 7 inclusive.
Page 11, in line 30, after the word i( Iowa," strike out all
of the paragraph, and insert in heu thereof the following
