1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
697
I Isold in my hand. The Solicitor of the Treasury |i
remarks: jj
■'Upon a full examination of the whole ea*:e. I eon- |<
elude: >1
14 \ sr. That there is no error in the charge of the court to 11
the jury. inhere w;i - any error, it was one in favor ot tin: ;
defendant. to which lie had 110 right to except. j
'"2d. There being no error in law, no dispute concerning ;!
the tacts, (they having all been found by the jury,) it would !;
he unjust to the parlies to protract useless litigation ; to Har- J:
niony, bv delajuig t!ie payment of his demand found by the ,
courtaudjury to be j ict: to Colonel Mitchell, by keeping
■mspended over him tins heavy judgment, bo well calcula- j:
ted to embarrass and discredit Inni. J.
•'3d. IS there be any error in the chaige to which the I
defendant bad a right to except, it must be lound in that ji
pa,t ol it winch "peaks of the existence of a public lieces- j;
sity, &.e. Xow, if the Supreme Court, having the case be- \
fore non a wiitof error, should send down tie case for a >,
second trial for the reason that Colonel Mitchell did actun- ! ■
der the pleasure of such neee-sity, and was, therefore, ju^- !
ufied in seizing [he property for the public use, then m what
betler condition would be the Government? None, it
would be bound to make just compensation to Harmony,
instead ol indemnifying Colonel Mitchell.
'' 4th. Should the ease go to the Supieme Court, and the ;
'MK'stion of the right of impressment of puvate property !
under the law as it now exist* be presented to it, 1 leel an j ,
cntjii'confidence that they will decide that the right does :
not exist, and never can exist, until Congress shall confer
it by law passed m pursuance of the Constitution. If so.
Colonel Mitchell cannot avoid the payment of the )udg-
i.ieni; and a= he acted in obedience to the order of his sii- !
peuor officer, acd the chief in command, in making the i
seizure; arid as that order and seizure X have no doubt
w.b issued aild executed under Ihe honest belief that the j'
seizme of the property was necessary to the safety of the !
Army, tthouih m point of tact, asit subsequently appeared, j
such necessity did not exist,) the Government is bound, by n
every principle of justice, to stand between him and ail 1
loss.'"
[it the decision of the court, it stated that the I
fceizure of property took place some distance north '
of the piaCi where the battle of Sacramento was '
fought'. It was at the time,however, when Colo- ,
nel Doniphan, with about nine hundred volun- ;
teers, was proceeding upon his march to the city |
of Chihuahua, d city containing a population of.jj
from twenty to twenty-five thousand inhabitants. ;
Whilst on this march he received in formation that ,
the Mexicans had assembled in large force and ,
were prepared to give battle. The information I
was true, and the battle of Sacramento was shortly
after fought, in which nine hundred of our volun-
teers wet e engaged against more titan four thou- I
sand Mexicans. The traders and teamsters accom-
panying our army amounted to three hundred.
They were organized by command of Colonel ;
Doniphan into two companies, commanded by
Captains Glasgow and Skilhnati, composing a !
battalion under the command of Colonel On ens, a
trader from Missouri, who was killed in the battle
of Sacramento.
The seizure of Harmony's goods was consum-
mated when he was compelled by Colonel Mitch- :
e'.l to follow iii the rear of the army, and when his
teamsters were ordered (if the emergency should
arise) to abandon the teams and whips, shoulder i
the rifle, and light our enemies.
I therefore hope that the motion of the gentle-
man from Mich.gan [Mr. Stuaiit] will not pre-
vail. If any telief is to be gi\ en Mitchell, it must
be given speedily. I am willing to go as far as
any man can go to protect the rights of the Gov-
ernment, and at the same time I ask that you pro-
tect the rights of the citizen. I am desirous of a <
full investigation of the question. 1 wish not to
avoid it. 1 was importuned_by my friends to shut
out discussion. I do not wish it to be stated that
Colonel Mitchell has '-ailed upon this House and
the Congress of the United Stales lo do an impro-
per act.
' Lei rne remark, tint by the laws of our htate,
real estate can only be sold on execution during
teim time, and if the sheriff doe* not find sufficient
real estate uuoe. which to levy the execution, it
would be his duty 'u levy upon personal prop-
f.'tv of t'ae defendant, a,id that can lie sold upon
ten*tinV"' public notice, llarrnony has the entire
control of tins judgment, and from Ihis time for-
ward no indulgence t" Mitchell can be expected.
Mr SEYMOUR. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
l Wis
from Missouri a question. II I understood hun
to sav he would be satisfied if this bill ri.ii!d be
so modified that the Attorney General in the
United tetates, in the name of Mitchell, should be
authorized lo prosecute the slut in the Supieme
Court, and aUo obtain a stay of execution upon
the judgment in Missouri r
Mr. PHELPS. Yes, sir, I said this. I am
satisfied if we could, by our act here, substitute
the Government as plaintiff, and also direct the i
Attorney General, or some other officer of the r
Government, to defend Mitchell against that judg-
ment obtained in Missouri; and in the event the
defense is unsuccessful, then to appropriate money
to pay the judgment. 1 will be satisfied with that,
and it is all I ask for. ,
Mr. STUART. I move to amend by postpon- ,,
ing the mattei to the first Monday in May, so
that it may come upon a Monday.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I imagine that the object'J
which the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stu- :
art] seeks to obtain, will not be reached by the
postponement which he moves. It is evident that
this case has been recently tried in the circuit
court of JN'ew York. It stands as a recent case '
upon tiie calendar of the Supreme Court, and every
gentleman who is acquainted with the situation of
that, must be aware that no action of the Supreme ,j
Court will be had upon this case until long after '
the time to which the gentleman moves to post- ,i
pone this matter shall have expired. In that view j
of the case, and inasmuch as the friends of the bill ;
are willing it shall be so modified, as the rights of
the Government upon one hand may be perfectly (
protected by the action of their very able Attorney i
General-—and at the same time an investigation i;
may be had in this matter—and, if possible, which I1:
I presume can be done, the interests of the party :
who appeals here, Mr. Mitchell, may be protected,
if this writ of erroris intended to be seriously pros- b
ecuted in the Supreme Court, which will test the j
merits of the case, theie can be no difficulty in |i
staying the proceedings upon the judgment of the '!
court of the State of Missouri. It seems, there-
fore, if the House will take such action upon this
bill as to meet the views which have been stated
by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Piielps,]
justice would be done to every party, and the in- i
terests of the Government -would be protected, ij
The interests of this individual, whose services
have been stated to be highly meritorious, will be j
protected, and there surely can be no objection jj
by the Government to such a course. If upon an
investigation upon the merits of this case, which 1
will come up in the argument upon the writ of
error, it shall turn out that there is error, and the ;
judgment be reversed, there will be an end of the
matter, and the case will be decided upon its :
merits. The only suspicion that has arisen in '
reference to this matter, it strikes me, has arisen :|
from the fact, that the individual whose property ,
was originally taken is said to have been willing j
to have received a far smaller amount in satisiac-
tion of dat^a^es than has been now recovered
against Colonel Mitchell. Every gentleman who
is acquainted with the manner m which thc.se mat-
ters are presented and disposed of here, and with >
the rules of evidence which would apply to eases t
1 of tins kind m an investigation, according to the (
' strict rules of law in court, will see at once that
tins might well exist, and an individual might be
willing "to take upon the immediate action of the
Government a smaller sum, which would cover n
about his outlay of expenditure upon these goods;
w'ncwis if he v/us dmun iutu a court ol jus.ice |
and was obliged to defend his case, he would in-
sist upon all that the rules of law would give hun,
and those would give him the full, the enhanced j
value of all these iioods that were taken from hun
and destroved by Colonel Mitchell.
A Your.. They were not destroyed.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Whatever itnuy have been,
they were taken out of his possession, and he lost
tiie'value of them at any rale. I hope the motion
of the irentjeman from Michigan [Mi. Su \nr]
will not prevail, and that the House will now re-
consider the vote by winch the bill lias been or-
dered to a third reading, and that the amendment
which has been indicated by the Gentleman irom
Missouri [Mr. Purees] will be adapted, and then
complete justice can be done to .all parlies, and the
rights of all secured.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it m ordet to ask tue pre-
vious question upon this motion to postpone.-
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I make such motion <
Mr. PHELPS. I learn that the gentleman
from Alabama asks for the previous question. I
only desire to know whether it will extend lurthei
than the question to postpone?
' The SPEAKER. The Chair decided the other
day that the previous question did apply only to
the question to postpone, which decision was sns-
tained by the House. Upon looking into the law
relating to that subject, however, the Chair is dis-
posed to doubt the correctness of that decision.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know what is the
decision of the Chair now upon the subject—how
far does it extend?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What will
be the effect of the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to a
direct vote; first upon the question of postpone-
ment, and if that fails, upon the reconsideration
of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL. I appeal to the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to withdraw his
call for the previous question. I promise to say
all I have to say within five minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very anxious to dis-
pose of the bill and proceed to other business. I
will, however, withdraw the call for the previous
question for five minutes in favor of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. MARSHALL. I now ask that the sub-
stitute for the bill, which I have sent to the Chair,
may be read.
It was read by the Clerk, as follows:
That it shall bo the duty of the Attorney General of the
United States to prosecute the writ of error pending before
the Supieme Court of the United States, in the ease of D.
D. Mitchell rs. M. X. Harmony, Without cost to the plain-
tiff in error.
Be it enacted, 6fc., That the Attorney General be and he
is hereby duected to cause such chancery, or other proceed-
ings, to lie instituted in the name of D. D. Mitchell vs. M.
X. Harmony, or his assignees, before the proper court at
St Lotos. Missoun,as shall stay proceedings upon a certain
judgment at law, in the name of s-aid Harmony against said
Mitchell, until the rendition of an opinion by the Supreme
Couit ot'the United States upon the writof error aforesaid,
and it shall be the dutyot said Secretary of the Treasury to
cause such secmitv to I12 entered by the United States as
shall indemnity and save sanl Mitchell harmless against
said judgment.
Be it en.icte<!, That whenever the Attorney General of
the United States shall certify to the Sceietarv of the Treas-
urv, that tile writ of enor in the cause aforesaid has failed,
or"that no further steps can be taken at law or in equity,
whereby to avoid the puvment of said judgment in favor of
said Harmonv, rendered" in the State of Missouri, then it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, and ho
is hereby authorized to liquidate and satisfy said judgment,
damages, and costs, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appiopriated.
Mr. M. continued. If I can have the ear of the
House for five minutes I think I can make the
merits of this substitute understood.
A Voice. We understand them already. There
is no need for explanation.
Mr. MARSHALL. Tite gentleman says there
is 110 need for explanation. If my amendment
covers, then, tiie ptoper view of the case, I hope
1 shall be allowed to offer it, and that it will be
adopted. 1 will state that 1 have looked into the
record in relation to tins case, and for one, I will
not vote for the payment of this money so long
us there is a chance for reversing the judgment
in relation to that case. I hope the motion to-
postpone will be voted down, unless the gentleman
from Michigan [Mr. Stuart] will consent to with-
draw it. .
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to with-
drawing mv motion to postpone, if the gentle-
man's object can be effected by it.^ If I understand
the order of busiiu-s — my motion being with-
drawn—the question will recur upon the motion
to i-e-oObider the vote by which the bill was
ordered to lie read a tnird tune, and snould that
ore\ai! the ivntlein.il''s substitute will be tn order.
The SPKAMEP . The .substitute will then be
in order.
Mr. STUART. Tntn I will withdraw the
motion io postpone.
The quc"st.on was then itiken. and tne House
agreed to reconsiiei the iof by which the bill
v,-as ordered to be read a third time.
Mr. MARSHALL. I si«vv offer my amend-
ment as a substitute for the bill
The SPEAKER. The Chair sapposes, before
the amendment is received, the question must be
taken on reconsidering the vote ordering the main
question to be put.
Mr. HALL. Can the amendment not be of-
fered by unanimous consent"'
The SPEAKER. By unanimous consent the
entire action under the or^-1, ious question may be
considered.
There was rso o^fuon, and the amendment
was then declared to be m order.
Mr. HEBAllU I believe the question now
. pending is uooii the adoption of the substitute.
