1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
that it should be m order to propose to lay upon
the table any amendment, or anjf amendment to
an amendment, and that the vote laying such
amendment upon the table shall not carry with it
the original proposition. Sir, these rules for the
government ofdeliberative bodies, are rules found-
ed in wisdom. The rule is, that amotion to lay
a proposition upon the table, precludes debate,
because, if it is the pleasure of the majority no
longer to consider the subject, it would he useless
to debate it; and if they declare that it shall belaid
upon the table, it dispenses with the whole sub-
ject, and takes it from before the body for the time
being. But, if you are at liberty to preclude a
minority, or any member of a deliberative body
from proposing to modify in any form, and to as-
sign his reasons for the modification, without
taking the whole subject from the deliberation of
the body, then you not only deprive the minor-
ity of the right of expressing its opinion why
the subject should be modified, as proposed by the
amendment; but, as has been strongly and ably
said by the Senator from Tennessee, you prevent
the minority from bringing the majority to a vote
upon that proposition.
The amendment to the rules offered by the
Senator from Kentucky is intended to apply to all
measures which may be brought before this body,
of every kind and description whatsoever; and,
if it prevails, you will deprive the minority of the
body from so modifying a measure proposed by
the majority as to make it acceptable to them. It
may be that upon some great measure that is to
affect the interests of the country, the minority
would have it in their power to make the measure
acceptable to them by modifying it; and yet, if a
majority can lay upon the table the proposition
to modify or amend, and preclude debate upon it,
they are enabled to present themselves in the atti-
tude of insisting upon a naked vote on the propo-
sition as they presented it, without the opportu-
nity, on the part of others, to modify or explain
it in any degree whatsoever.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will allow me, I
beg leave to make a suggestion here. When a
proposition is before the Senate and an amend-
ment is offered, the individual offering the amend-
ment has the floor, and can submit his views upon
it at large. The Senate can have the benefit of
the views of the individual who proposes the
amendment, and then can say whether or not they
will lay it upon the table. The individual would
have the floor, and, of course, as the motion to
lay on the table must come from some other per-
son, the mover of the proposition would have the
benefit of a speech upon the subject; and if, after
the mover should have made a speech, the majori-
ty should think it proper to lay the amendment
upon the table, I cannot see that it would produce
any difficulty.
Mr. MASON. Then the debate is to be con- 1
fined to the mover, and the mover only. Now, j
it may be that it is not the mover only who desires
that the amendment shall prevail; it is not the j
mover only who desires that the enormity of the ]
original proposition should be explained and ex- |
posed by the amendment which has been offered, i
and you take from them not only the right to de- !
bate, but the still greater and the inestimable right j
of bringing the majority to a vote upon it.
Sir, it has been said, and wisely said, that the 1
minority in all bodies have one right, at least, of !
which they ought not to be depxived—the right to
complain, and to let their complaint be heard. !
The honorable Senator from North Carolina says ;
that he has been for a long time in a minority
upon this floor, and it maybe that he will so con- j
tinue, and yet he is willing to give to the majority |
this absolute and unrestrained right of stilling the
voice of a minority upon propositions to amend.
I may feel more sensitive updn this subject than I
some, because I come from a quarter of the Union
that is in a minority elsewhere, and I am here in !
a deliberative body formed of the representatives
of confederated States; not a body where a ma-
jority has a right, by the mere power of the ma- ■
jority, to control the rest of a body composed of
the representatives of confederated States. There
are great questions which have heretofore arisen,
and may hereafter arise, in regard to which it may
become a matter of the last importance to the ,
minority in this Confederation to be able to ex-
plain and expose, in every possible form in the
shape of amendments, the objections that they
hold to the measure proposed by the majority.
God forbid that it should ever recur again. But
when measures of great national interest were be-
fore us, some few years ago, your table, sir, was
covered with amendments—amendments coming
from the minority of this Union, the objects of
which were, in the main, either to expose the
measure proposed by the majority, or to mitigate
its force. Could it have been tolerated then, that
debate should have been cut off on those amend-
ments ?
Now, if there be any inconvenience arising from
this cacoethes spoken of by other Senators, I ap-o'bated, you may dispose of the amendment at
prehend it i3 very small, compared with the injury
which will be sustained by the Republic, if the
minority in this respect of modifying and improv-
ing measures be taken from them. I agree with
those Senators who have said, that if the time of
the Republic is wasted in unnecessary debate, it
is far better than that the Treasury of the Repub-
lic. should be wasted by inordinate expenditures.
We suffer vastly more by too much than by too
little legislation. I think Senators will say thai 1
take up as little time in debate as any gentleman
on this floor; but I will remark that, although it
is said in common parlance that your time is wasted
in debate, 1 am not one of those who believe time
is wasted. Ours is a government of public opin-
ion. It is not a government of force. It is not
a government of absolute will. It is a govern-
ment controlled and directed by the opinions and
judgments of the people. It is right that the peo-
ple should have information to the fullest extent
of every shade and view of opinion that pervades
the Senatois upon tins floor. I feel some interest
that this amendment should not prevail. 1 do not
mean to ask that it be laid on the table; but I ask
that when the vote be taken upon it, it be taken
by yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 hope the resolution will be read
as modified.
It was accordingly read, as follows:
Resolved, That the tlmticth lule of the Senate lie amend-
ed by addinsi tiieieto the !o]!o',yimr:
:-( )n niotum anj amendment uttered to :i bill or lesolutioii,
or an amendment to an ;imi?miment, limy be ordered to lie
on tfie table, without cair>ingtlie bill or resolution with it."
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, it is a singular
commentary upon the charge of the predisposition
of a majority in this body to exercise tyranny
over a minority, that this measure has been intro-
duced and principally advocated by gentlemen in
the minority—gentlemen who have sat here foi
years and seen the operation and conduct of the
Senate. I repeat, it is a very singular commentary
upon that charge.
I have no respect myself—or very little, at any
speak liowof Congressional discussion. 1 believe
the power of this country depends on the intelli-
gence of the people, and not on the discussions in
these bodies. But 1 am aware not only of the
right but of the importance of discusston.
Now, this proposition is what? "Why, that
when a bill has been before you, and has been
discussed time after time, or, if you please, week
after week, or, as we have sometimes seen, almost
month after month, and a gentleman gets up and
offers an amendment, which amendment is or is
not appropriate, I do not care which, and it is de-
once, and thus get rid of weeks of discussion
upon it. Now, m the name of common sense,
putting all metaphysics out of the way, why
should not a majority have just as much power
to put an end to the amendment as to put an end
to the principal subject? That is what I cannot
make out, for the soul of me. You give a ma-
jority a right to put their hands on the original
proposition, and lay it on the table, and yet you
cannot touch an accessory part of it that is intro-
duced and may be equally discussed, without
touching the whole. I say it is perfectly unrea-
sonable. The power may be abused undoubt-
edly. All parliamentary power, all other power,
may be abused. All you can do is to check it in
a proper way. The right of putting your hands
upon a bill may be abused. The right of discus-
sion may be abused, and we have seen it abused
by that clock. It is absolutely essential—it has
been so found m this and in the other body, and
in all legislative bodies—that a power should ex-
ist with the majority by which at times they shall
force to a determination important public meas-
ures.
Now, I repeat, you may abuse the power to
put a bill upon the table; you may abuse the
power to put an amendment to a bill upon the
table. Gentlemen seem to suppose that the mo-
ment an amendment is started it is to be put upon
the table. You may do so, but there is not the
slightest probability in the world of that abuse of
power. The amendment will be discussed as the
j original bill is discussed, until a majority get tired
of it—until they see that it is only a cloak for
! continuing discussion unnecessarily, and then
I they put'their hands upon it precisely as they
' would put their hands upon the original bill, and
; lay it upon the table. Under this view of it, I
1 can see 110 possible objection to the measure, urt-
i less there is objection to all power of this descrip-
tion; and if there is, why then there is an end to
all legislative proceedings. I shall support the
| resolution.
; Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I cannot agree
    _    _ i with the Senator from Michigan. I know that
rate] and that little is growing less—for the meta- i, tlie practice of this body has been exceedingly lib-
physics of parliamentary law. Sometimes I am
inclined to believe wc should get along better if
we had no parliamentary law and scarcely any
rules; but, at any rate, I have no belief in the ob-
ligations of any English parliameiitaiy law here,
any more than I have of the obligation of those
whose official station there requires it, to wear
Wigs or robes, and that the musters who bring, in
a bill shall make three bov .• fore they get to the
Speakei's chair. I believe these matters are
regulated here by both bodie" of Congress, and j
regulated in their own way. Nor do I believe m ;
another thing—that there is the slightest danger
eral and courteous, i do not know that I recol-
lect any instance of oppression by a majority
here, but I do recollect, and have felt, the oppres-
sions of a majority elsewhere. I have seen free-
dom of debate trampled on. 1 have seen that de-
liberation which was absolutely necessary to an
understanding of the question, put an end to by
the power which the rules of the House of Repre-
sentatives have conferred upon a majority. And
though I do not think it very likely that, in the
course of a short space of time, we shall witness
in this House any violation of the rights of the
miiiouty, I do think that the time may come—I
in this country of a majority, m either of these !. know that it may come, and I believe that it will
bodies, tyrannizing over a minority. I think that jj come—when, if you furnish the majority with the
two gentlemen in the minority, who have spoken, |i instrument of oppression, which I think the pro-
have done but simple justice to the majority. I'posed alteration of the rule will afford, they will
There is no such predisposition. The public'would |i use it. It is only by allowing the free offering of
put an end to it at once, if there were. We talk M amendments, and their free and full discussion,
of public opinion. Why, it is not made here, j! that the rights of the minority can be sustained.
There is no greater mistake that can be made of ;; This right of offering and discussing amendments
the American people, than to suppose that public !j may be abused, I know, but this abuse is, at all
opinion originates from discussions in thesebodies
and is sent from here to the people. Why, how
many thousands and tens of thousands, yea, hun-
dreds of thousands, are there in our country, just
as competent to sit here and administer the affairs
of this Government as any member who occupies
a seat in this body, or in the other House. j
No, sir; public opinion comes to us, and, thank
God, wo have felt it a number of times since I
have been herp. It is not made by us, but it comes
to us, and often influences great measures of pub-
lic policy. I have not that belief m the miraculous
power of discussion which many men have—I
events, a very trifling inconvenience compared
! with the much more serious inconvenience that
i may arise from denying that freedom. You can-
1 not deny that privilege without impairing the free-
; dom of discussion, and limiting the opportunities
of deliberation. We know very well, sir, that
oftentimes a majority would be unwilling to give a
; direct negative vote upon a question, but would be
i perfectly ready to put it aside indiiectly, by sup-
! porting a motion to lay it upon the table.
: Besi'des this, the responsibility of public men
I cannot be so well enforced, if you pass such a rule
j as this which is now recommended. But I will
