698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. OLDS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HALL. I thought the previous question
had been called upon this amendment.
The SPEAKER. So it had, but by unanimous
consent it was set aside in order to admit the
amendment.
Mr. HALL. I understood that unanimous
consent was given for the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Marshall] to introduce his amend-
ment merely, but not to interfere with the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not so under-
stand it. The Chair understood the proposition,
and so propounded it, that unanimous consent
should be given to remove the operation of the
previous question altogether.
Mr. HEBARD. I was proceeding to remark,
that if I understood the purport of the substitute
I should not be m favor of it. So far as I under-
stand the nature of the claim, the great question
with me is as to its amount, and I desire a further
opportunity of inquiring into it before it is finally
acted upon. The effect of the substitute, as I
understand it, will be to have a writ of error prose-
cuted for the purpose of showing whether or not
the judgment of the court below was made up
properly or not. It was stated the other day by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,]
that from a conversation he had with Judge Nel-
son, he learned the fact that the question litigated
in the circuit court before him was in relation to
the validity of the claim, but not in relation to the
amount, but that the amount was agreed upon by
the parties. It was stated upon this floor the
other day when this bill was before the House,
that the plaintiff in the suit, Mr. Harmony, had
offered to take $30,000 for his claim, and the fact
was not contradicted. Now, if this be true, I
desire to know why a judgment was rendered in
favor of the plaintiff for $95,000? I have looked
into the schedule prepared m the case to see if I
could find any reason for this judgment. I find
that the estimates for the property taken on the
occasion to which it relates are made out in round
numbers. It consisted for the most part of what
is called bleached shirting, and the amount is made
out in round numbers at the rate of thirty-one and
one quarter cents per yard. The quality of the
cloth is not in any way shown, but it is to be pre-
sumed that 
Mr. PHELPS. I think I can explain in regard
to that matter. The value of the property, estab-
lished by the testimony taken in the case, was
$95,000, and was based upon the price the goods
were worth in that country at the time and place
they were taken. That testimony shows the
value of the goods, with the interest upon the
amount, up to the time of the rendition of the
judgment.
. Mr. IiEBARD. I can only say in relation to
it, that I have thedocumentary evidence before me,
and it does not bear out any such conclusions. I
will state the facts which are contained in this doc-
ument. It says the property consisted mostly of
unbleached shirting cotton, estimated at thirty-one
and a quarter cents per yard. Now, that is a spe-
cies of merchandise of which all of us know
something. We know that the article which is
here estimated at thirty-one and a quarter cents
per yard, is worth from eight to ten cents.
A Voice. Less than that.
Mr. IIEBARD. I am aware that it can be
bought for much less than that, but I did not
choose to put it at the lowest prices. I presume
this was an article which could be bought for six
and a quarter cents per yard. Now, what will be
the actual expenses of transporting these goods
from the place in which they were purchased to
Chihuahua, I will not pretend to say. I do not
know, but I do not believe the cost of transporta-
tion would equal the price at which the cloth was
purchased. I come to this conclusion, and I do
not believe any gentleman upon this floor can come
tetany other, from the proof furnished. This
$95,000, then, must come from some other source
than this property; for even at the price at which
Ar ASt'nJate(^' ^ °nly amount to about
$80,000. I say, I do not believe a single gentle-
man in this House can come to any other conclu-
sion than that this property was valued at more
than one hundred percent, above its actual value. !
And before I can vote to have this claim allowed
and paid, as I said before, I want to know upon
what ground, upon what basis, a judgment was j
rendered against Colonel Mitchell for $95,000? ;
Perhaps it can be explained; but I am not willing ;
to vote this money until 1 can have some proof,
other than that which I now possess, that it ought
to be paid, i think some investigation should be .
made into the matter, if I am correctly informed, ;
Colonel Mitchell made an agreement in relation to j
the amount of damages to which Harmony was
entitled.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman is mistaken m
regard to the facts. Colonel Mitchell made no
agreement in regard to the damages. The testi- j
mony shows the amount of damages, and the j
judgment was rendered, I believe, upon the evi-
dence of three witnesses, who testify that the price i
which was allowed was the price at which the j
property was valued in Chihuahua at the time it j
was taken. \
Mr. HEBARD. I should like to know of the j
gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] where |
this testimony ivas taken, because the facts he \\
states do not corroborate those which I have be- j
fore me.
Mr. PHELPS The testimony was taken by j
virtue of a commission issued from the circuit !
court of the Southern district of the State of New |
York. A portion of it was taken m the State of ]
Missouri, a portion in New York city, and a part
of it, the testimony of one witness, either in New
Mexico or Chihuahua. I speak of the testimony
which was before the court, and not of that which
was taken in support of Harmony's memorial to
Congress for relief.
Mr. HEBARD. I was proceeding in my argu-
ment upon the assumption that the statement of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,] in
relation to the manner in which the judgment was
rendered, was correct; and in connection with that,
I took occasion to refer to the value put upon his
own goods by Mr. Harmony at the time he pre-
sented his claim to Congress for relief.
Mr. PHELPS. I will state the testimony of
John Graeia, who was sworn as a witness upon
the trial in the city of New York. He states he
is acquainted with the traders, and familiar with
the quality and price of goods in the Mexican
trade. His statement is merely in relation to the
value of some particular goods. The testimony
of Mr. Low shows that the value of the goods,
and of the mules and wagons taken near El Paso,
was $75,2G3 94, estimated according to the price
there. That the interest from the 10th of Feb-
ruary, 1847, to the 10th of September, 1850, at
the rate of seven per cent., is $19,129 50, making
in the aggregate $95,393 49. The whole judgment
was for some §90,000.
Mr. HEBARD. The explanation of the gen-
tleman has not relieved my mind upon the point
raised by me in the slightest degree. Now, this
case does not show upon what ground the estimate
of the value of that property was founded. By
looking at the schedule, it will be seen, as 1 stated
before, that it is made up mainly of cotton goods, !
unbleached shirtings, put by the bale, at the j
price of thirty-one and a quarter cents per yard.
Now, I wish to know upon what basis, either of
the witness or of the claimant himself, he puts a '
price of thirty-one and a quarter cents to cloth of ,
that description, which every gentleman who ;
is acquainted with the article, knows can be pur- !
chased anywhere in the United States at from ;
six to ten cents per yard. Now, I have not much j
more to say upon this claim, but I wish to know
upon what ground such a judgment was rendered
in the court of New York. !
Mr. PHELPS. In relation to the value of this
property, permit me to read an extract from a dep- ,
osition taken in the city of Chihuahua, hefore !
William A. Hereford, Commissioner. It is from |
the deposition of Jose Maria Una Naffarondo: j
u To the sixth interrogatory lie saith: That such goods i
as the plaintiff left at Chihuahua could have been sold and !
did sell in the city and State of Chihuahua, in and for sev- 1
eral month's previous to the month of February, 18-17, at the I
following prices : the bleached shirting at thirty-one and a i
quarter cents per vara, the prints at thirty-one and a quar-
ter e^nts per vara, the brown shirting at thnty-one and a
quaitei cents per vara." The prices of vanous other ar- I
tides are also given by this witness. !
The witness testifies to the price of these goods j
in the month of February, in the city of Chihua- ,
hua, within whose limits those goods were taken. 1
He further testifies that he examined those goods
at the time they were there in the custody of those
troops, and he also made an inventory of them in
the month of February or March, 1847. The
number of yards is specified. It shows the num-
ber of bales, and the number of yards in each
bale of the various articles taken. The prices of
the other articles were furnished by the testimony
of Aranjo and Oliver.
Mr. HEBARD. It has turned out as I sup-
posed it would when investigating the testimony,
and it conforms to the supposition I had before.
The testimony of these witnesses, whose names 1
would not attempt to pronounce, says that this
kind of property, of which I am speaking, has
been sold in Chihuahua for thirty-one and a quar-
ter cents per yard.
Mr. PHELPS. The gentleman misunderstands
me. The testimony was '* that such goods have
been sold," not that these goods have been sold.
Mr. IiEBARD. The gentleman misunderstood
me. I so stated, or intended to. What these
goods could have been sold for is not known. He
only says that goods like these could have been
sold for that price. Now, this whole matter shows
most conclusively to my mind that there has been
an entire fictitious value placed upon these articles
for some purpose; whether for the benefit of Har-
mony, or whether Colonel Mitchell is to share in
the enormous profits to be made upon them out of
the Government in case this judgment is paid by
it, I do not undertake to say; but I undertake to
say that there is an attempt here to do that which,
if successful, will be an enormous swindle, in my
judgment, upon the Government. These goods
are valued at a price three or four times the cost
of them here.
Now look at this matter a little further. There
is some other property besides these cotton goods;
and all this property together, estimated at the ex-
orbitant and unreasonable price put upon it by the
claimant, amounts to only about §62,000. There
were a few mules also taken, and those he esti-
mates at $100 a piece. That is a kind of property
of which I know little. He also claims, for dam-
ages done to the mules and wagons while in the
charge of Colonel Doniphan, the round sum of
$5,000. How many there were, and what the
damage was, does not appear. The damage which
he claims is stated to be seventy-five per cent, upon
the whole value, and the whole value is at the rate
of about $100 each; in other words, he claims for
damages done these mules, $75 each.
Another item in this bill is, expenses for his men
and animals while in the charge of Colonel Doni-
phan, $5,000 in round numbers, without going
into details of what those expenses consisted. He
has charged for thirteen months, $6000; or for six
months extra, $4,000 more. Now, sir, take his
own bills which he has made out, take the esti-
mates he has put upon his own property, and take
the interest upon it—it all amounts to only a little
I more than $87,O0O. And deduct from this $5,000,
| which is less duties—I do not understand what it
■ means—it leaves the whole gross amount at
i $82,000.
Mr. PHELPS. In New Mexico and Chihua-
] hua, they charged duties upon their goods by the
wagon load. They charged the specific duty of
$500 upon every wagon load of goods introduced
into New Mexico, without regard to their value.
This duty upon ten wagon loads would amount to
$5,000, which Harmony did not have to pay.
Mr. HEBARD. Thematterof duty did notdis-
turb me at all. What I want to know now is, upon
what ground, and by what reason, and upon what
proof there should have been decreed by the
court a judgment for $95,000—some $13,000 more
than Harmony claimed of Congress? All that I
know of this case is from an examination I made
of it a few days ago when it came up for investi-
gation. I feel no sort of interest in it, and have no
feeling about it; but when sums as large as this
are proposed to be drawn from the Treasury, I
choose to know that there is, at least, no fraud and
no fraudulent means made use of to swell up that
amount. I hope, therefore, that before this amend-
ment shall have been adopted, the bill will be sent
back to some committee, or left in some shape by
which there can be made a further investigation
and report of the facts upon which this claim is
based for our action.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question received a second, and
i the main question was ordered to be put; which
i main question was first on the amendment.
