1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2475
account of the United States, as likewise moneys appro-
punted for a purpose in respect to which a larger duration
is specially aligned by law. tor more than two years alter
the expiration of the fiscal year in which t«ie act shall have
been passed, all and any such appropriations shall be
deemed to have ceased and been determined,and the moneys
so unexpended shall be immediately thereafter earned,
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury, to the
account ort the books of the Treasury denominated the
'surplus fund,'to remain, like other unappropriated moneys,
in the Tieasury ; and it shall not he lawful, for any cause
or pietense whatsoever, to transfer, withdraw, apply or u>e
for any purpose whatever, any moneys carried as aforesaid
to the surplus fund without further and specilic appropria-
tions by law."
114th. Insert the following:
"Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That where the
ministerial officers of the United States have, or shall incur
extraordinary expense in executing the Jaws theieof, the
payment of which is not specially provided for, the Presi-
dent of the United States is authorized to allow the pay-
ment thereof, under the special taxation of the district or
circuit court of the district in which the said services have
been or shall be rendered, to be paid from the appropriation
for defraying the expenses ot the judiciary."
119th. Insert the following::
" Sec J 6. .find be it further enacted, That the provisions
contained in the fourth section of the act entitled ' An act
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1852,' be, and the
same is hereby repealed."
•Amendments of the Senate to be agreed to as amended.
The Committee of Conference further recom-
mended that the two Houses do agree to the fol-
lowing amendments of the Senate as amended:
5th amendment of the Senate. That the two
Houses agree to insert in the following clause the
words in italics:
" Provided, That in settling the accounts of Thomas
Ritchie, assignee of William ftt. Belt, for the printing of the
Thirty first Congress, one half of the prices given by the
joint resolution of 1819 be allowed, not exceeding the
amounts that would be paid under the respective contracts,
if settled by the prices named in the act passed at the pres-
ent session in regard to the public printing, estimating the
paper at the actual cost thereof, to be paid out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated : Pro-
vided, further, That the amount to be paid for the said
printing, over and above the amounts which would be paid
under the terms and at the rate of the contracts for the
same, shall not exceed $50,000; and for punting the obituary
notices of the decease of President Taylor, said contractor
shall be paid the actual cost, with a profit of twenty per
centum
6th amendment of the Senate. Strike from the
bill, under the head of " Library of Congress," in
page 4, lines 8, 9, 10, and 11, as follows:
" For contingent expenses of said Library, $800.
" For purchase of books for said Library, $75,000"—
And insert, as follows:
" To defray freight and other expenses incurred under
the act to regulate the exchange of certain documents and
other publications, approved June 26, 1848, the sum of
$1,000, and that the said act is hereby repealed.
" For purchase of books for said Library and for contingent
expenses thereof, and for purchase of furniture for the
same, $75,000.
" For continuing the preparation and publication of the
works of the Exploring Expedition, including the expenses
of the green-hou«e, and for the settlement oi arrears due on
the erection of said green-house, $25,000."
The Committeeof Conference amend the above
by adding the following:
« Proiided, That no part of this appropriation shall be
applied to the enlarging of the present or the erection of
new buildings."
19th amendment of the Senate. In the clause
appropriating " $5,000 for stationery, printing,
binding, furniture, and repairs, subscription to
newspapers, introducing gas into thePatentOffice,
fuel, and other contingencies,"strikeout" $5,000"
and insert " $9,486."
The Committee of Conference amend this clause
by reducing the amount to $7,000.
31st amendment of the Senate. Insert in page
27, after the clause appropriating " #72,000 for the
salaries of the district judges," the following:
" And the di«trictjudge of thenorthern district of Califor-
nia. until otherwise provided by law, shall b« judge of the
southern dKtuct in that State, with an additional annual
compensation of $2,800, so long as he discharges the duties
of both disnicts. And an appeal Irom all final judgments ;
and decrees rendered in any of the district courts in Call- j
forma, in ca*es of equity, of admiralty, and maritime juri<- ,
diction, a'.d of prize or no prize, when the matter in dis- j
pure, exclusive ot cost, shall exceed the sum or value of
$-2,000, shall be allowed to the Supreme Court of the United
States ; and upon such appeal the like proceedings shall be
had a* now provided by law on appeals in like cases from
the judgment or decrees of the cucuit courts to the Supreme
Court of the United States."
The Committee of Conference amend the above
by substituting §1,500 for $2,800.
35th amendment of the Senate. Insert after the :
clause appropriating for the expenses of the United
States courts, the following:
" [And to refund to the county ofDes Moines, in the State
of Iowa, for the expenses ot the United States district court,
which were paid by said county prior to the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 1844, the sum of .-$11,970 90: Provided,] Tbatthe Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby ? directed to ex-
amine the claiui presented by the county ot Des Moines, in
the State of Iowa: [and if, upon sunh examination, he is
satisfied that prior to the 1st day of January, 1844, the
said county has paid money which, in accordance with
the instructions of the First Comptroller of the Treasury,
dated December 19, 1843, should have been paid by the
marshal of the United States lor said Territory, he is di-
rected to audit and allow the same; and s>aid amount is
hereby directed to he paid out of any money m the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated.]"
The Committeeof Conference amend the above
by striking out the parts in brackets, and insert-
ing after the word " Iowa" the following:
" For the expenses of the United States district court,
which were paid by said county prior to the 1st day of
January, 1844 ; and if, upon such examination, he is satis-
fied that pnor to the 1st day of January, 1844, the said
county has paid money which, in accordance with the
instructions of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, dated
December 19th, 1843, should have been paid by the marshal
of the United States for said Territory, he is directed to
audit aud aliuw the same : Provided. That the amount thus
allowed shall not exceed the sum of $12,000, which is
hereby appropriated for that purpose."
40th and 41st. The Senate propose to strike
out " §15,000," and insert " 116,500," in both
places where it occurs in the following clause of
the bill, viz:
" For contingent expenses under the act for safe-keeping,
collecting, transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue
of the 6th August, 1846, $15,000: Provided, That no part
of said sum of $15,0U0 shall be expended tor clerical ser-
vices."
The Committee of Conference amend the above
by striking out " 16,500," in each place where it
occurs, and inserting " $20,000."
50th amendment of the Senate. To be inserted
in page 36, line 3:
" For purchasing site and constructing a custom-house
at Richmond, Virginia, $100,000 : Provided, That the whole
cost of the building and site shall not exceed $150,000."
The Committee of Conference amend the above
by striking it out and inserting in lieu the fol-
lowing:
" For purchasing a site, and the construction of a suita-
ble building at Richmond, Virginia, for custom-house, po« t
office, court rooms, and other offices of the United States,
$100,000: Provided, That the said lotand building shall be
exempted from city and all other taxes whatever, by the
act of the Legislature of Virginia : Jhul provided further,
That before tiie Secretary of the Treasury shall erect the
said building, it shall first be his duty to procure a proper
site or lot of ground, and to make a contract or contracts for
the erection of said buildings and furnishing the same at a
sum or sums which shall not in the whole exceed the sum
of $150,000, inclusive of said lot, which said contractor
contracts shall be secured by good and sufficient sureties to
the satisfaction of the said Secretary of the Treasury and
President of the United States."
52d amendment of the Senate. Insert in the bill
the following, viz:
"For the erection of a custom-house at Waldoboro',
Maine, $12,000, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury : and said huildin?, including site,
when completed, «hall not exceed the sum lierebi appro-
priated. And said custom-house shall be exempted from all
taxes assessed by the laws of the Stale ofMaine."
The Committee of Conference amend the above
by substituting for it the following:
" For purchasing a site and the construction of a suitable
building at Waldoboro', Maine, for eu<tom hour-e, post
office, aud other offices of the United States, and furnishing
the same, $12,000 : Provided, That the said lot and building
shall be exempted from city and all other taxes whatever,
by the act ot Hie Legislature of Maine: Jlnd pro rid ed fur-
ther, That before the Secretary of the Treasury shall erect
the said building, it shall first be his duly to procure a proper
site oi lot of ground and to make a eontraet or contract* tor
the erection of saul building, and furnishing the same at a
sum or sums which shall not m the whole exceed the sum
of $12,000, inclusive of said lot, which satd contract or con
tracts shall be secured by good and sufficient sureties, to the
satisfaction of said Secretary of the Treasury and President
of the Uuited States."
80th amendment of the Senate. Insert in the bill
the following:
" For compensation of four draw-keepers and for fuel and
oil for the lamps of the Potomac bridge, $2,755."
The Committee of Conference amend the above
to read as follows:
« For compensation of two draw-keepers, and for fuel and
oil for the Uunp< otthe Potomac bndgt, $1,377 50."
92d amendment of the Senate. In the clause
appropriating $50,000 for the incidental expenses
of the Commission appointed for settling the land
claims in California, amend the following proviso—
« Provided, That aaid board be authorized to appoint and
employ one secretary and two clefcs in lieu of the number
provided tor in the above recited act"—
—by inserting 44 three" clerks in lieu of" two."
The Committeeof Conference amend the amend-
ment, by restoring the number to two, at $2,000
I compensation to each.
j 105th amendment of the Senate. Insert in the
bill the following:
" For payment of balance found due by thp Comptroller
of the Treasury to the State of Maine, under the fifth arti-
cle of the treaty ot Washington, for expense* on ac ount of
the northeastern boundary, over and above the appropria-
tions made, $-2,212 78.
"Aud the accounting officers of the Treasury are hereby
directed, m the settlement of the claims under the act of
March 3d, 1851, 'authorizing the payment of interest
' upon the advances made by the State of Maine for the use
'ot the United States Government in the protection ot the
{ north* astern frontier,' t> embrace the i nterest, whether
paid or lost, prior or subsequent to the years 18139, 1840, and
1841, nam-d in said act, up-m the -'inns expended by said
State and refunded by the United Stales, according to the
terms of said act, iw well as during said years; and that they
further allow to said Stat'* whatever sums of money were
paid by said Stale in form of d.seoutn m negotiating" loans
for the purpose of said advancement."
The Committee of Conference amend the above
by striking therefrom the following words, viz:
"And that they further allow to said State whatever sums
of money were paid by said State in form of discount in ne-
gotiating loans for the purpose of said advancement."
108th. The Committee recommend to strikeout
of Senate amendment, which is inserted above,
(No. 107-9-10,) the first part there included in
italics, and insert in lieu thereof, as follows:
"All whose compensation shall exceed $1,200, and shall
be less than $1,600, shall receive an additional compensa-
tion of ten percent, upon the amount of their salaries: Pro-
vided, that no salary shall be increased to more than $1,600
by the per cent, or additional compensation herein pro-
vided for."
111th amendment of the Senate. Insert in the
bill the following:
"And the Secretary of the Treasury is here?>y directed to
contract for a term not more than one year, and upon the
most reasonable terms, not exceeding one per cent., with
the proprietors of one, aud, if practicable, with those of
more than one, assaying establishment m California, upon
satisfactory security, to be judged by him, who shall dis-
charge the duties prescribed, and in the manner designated
by the act making appropriations tor the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1851; and no gold or silver, otherthan coin of stand-
ard fineness of the United States, or foreign coin, jr  the
manner prescribed by existing laws, shall be receivable in
payment of dues to the United States, [and hereafter no
greater compensation than one percent, shall be required
by the proprietors of any assaying establishment in Califor-
nia for the services prescribed m the act herein recited."]
The Committee of Conference amend the above
by striking out the words in brackets.
115th amendment of the Senate. Insert in the
bill all of the section except the words in italics:
" Sec. 12 Jltid be it further enacted, That the President of
the United Stales Appoint an lu^oeiatc law agent for Cali-
fornia, learned in the law, and skilled in the Spanish and
English languages, whose duties and compensation shall be
the"same as ibo- e of the law agent: Provided, That the
compensation ofthe agent and [;«st*i-.lani] u^sorifAe. shall not
exceed $5,000 each. And in every case in which the board
of commissioners on pr not el and claims in Cutijorma shall
render a final decision, it-dml! be their duty to have two (erti-
fied tra, scripts prepared of iheir proceedii g-t arid decision,
and ot the papers and evidence on which the same are found-
ed, one ot which transcripts shall ha fib d with the clerk ofthe
prupct district eourt, and the oihei shall be lriui>ni!ried to
the Attorney General of the United States; and ihe filing of
; such tiariseripi with the clerk aforesaid, thall ipso j acta
opeiate an ah aupeal for the party ngairisr vvlmm the decis-
ion shr*ll be rendered ; and if such denton shall b against
ihe private claimant, it shall be his duty to file a notice wnh
the clerk atofesrud wiihin six months therenft- rof his inten-
ti nr to pnsecule ihe appeal; and if the decision shall he
again-t the Umtejygtates, it shall be the duty of thp Attor-
ney General, witSHpx months alter lec.'iving s-ud tran-
serips,to can-e irwWfce to he filed wuh the eletk ato'esaid,
that the appeal will Iv prn-ecuted bvihe United States; and
. o*i a failure *<f either pa-'y to tile such norjee with the cleik
j aforesaid, ihe appeal shall be i^gaid* d as dismis-ed."
The Committee of Conference amended the
above by striking out the word m brackets, and
inserting the words in italics.
117th amendment of the Senate. Insert in the
bill the following section, viz:
"Sec. 13. Jlndhe itfuither enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and t e is her- by, 4uthori2< d to appoint and < m-
ploy seven additional clerks m the Other Depurtment,
i nani-ly: one ar an .inmnd salai > of $1.800; >ute at an annual
-alary ot £,1 G' 0; one at an annual salary ot $1,4.10; and four
at an annual sal.try each ot $1 ^OU."'
The Committee of Conference amended it to
read as follows, viz:
"Sec. 13. Jlnd be it j id f her evaded, That the Postmaster
Gfneral be. and he is hcrb\, authorized to appoint and em-
ploy five addmonal clerks in the Post Office Department,
namely: one at an annual salary ot two at an annual
salary of .$1,200 ; two atan annual saiary of $l,00u.,>
