2476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
120th amendment of the Senate. Insert in the
bill the following, viz:
"Sec. 15. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of the fifth section of the act of March 3d, 1851, so far
as they relate to the rate of compensation of the deputy col-
lectors of certain ports be, and the same are hereby, ex-
tended to the acting deputy naval officers and acting deputy
Purveyors of the said- ports: Provided, That no additional
appropriation shall be required for the collection of the rev-
enue."
The Committee of Conference struck out the
above, and inserted the following in lieu thereof:
" That from and after the passage of this act, in lieu of the
compensation now allowed by law for his services, there
eliali be paid hereafter to each of the deputy naval officers
at the ports of Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore,
and New Orleans, §2,000 per annum, to be paid out of the
fund for the expenses of collecting the revenue."
121st amendment of the Senate. Insert in the
bill the following section, including the words in
brackets, and omitting the words in italics:
" Sec. 16.  4nd be it further enacted. That the salary of
the chief clerk m the office of the assistant treasurer of the
United States in New York be, and the same is hereby,
increased to [eighteen] sixteen hundred dollars perannuin,
and the salary of each of the other clerks in the said office
is increased to [fourteen] twelve hundred dollars per an-
num; to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated."
The Committee of Conference amended the
above, by striking out the words in brackets, and
inserting the words in italics.
122d amendment of the Senate. Insert in the
bill the following section, including the words in
brackets, and omitting the words in italics!
" Sec. 17. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That if A. Boyd
Hamilton, the present contractor for executing the printing
of the Senate and House of Representatives, shall file with
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House of
Representatives, his written consent to relinquish his con-
tracts m the premises, the said Secretary and Clerk, and
the clerk of the Printing Committee, are hereby authorized
and required to «ettle and pay his accounts for all work
done, and ail work ordered now in his hands in process of
completion, [and all work that may be ordered to be printed
by either House of Congress prior to the assumption of
duties by the public printer under the ' Act to provide for
executing the public printing and establishing the prices
thereof, and for other purposes,' at the rates allowed under
the above-mentioned set for composition and press-work,
deducting thirty per centum from the prices of paper named
in said act,] according to his contract prices, with such pro-
portion of fifty thousand dollars in addition thereto as the
amount of the work performed by him bears to th& amount
of work done by the printer for the Thirty first Congress,
when estimated under his contract prices."
The Committee of Conference amended the
above by striking out the words in brackets and
inserting the words in italics.
Jlmendments of the Senate to be receded from.
The Committee of Conference further recom-
mend that the Senate do recede from their follow-
ing amendments:
3d amendment of the Senate. Strike out the
following, under head of " Contingent expenses of
the Senate:"
"For printing, $3'S,000.
"Forbinding, $15,000.
" For lithographing, $13,500.
" For book?, $12,000.
" For stationery, $5,000.
" For newspapers, $2,500.
" For Congressional Globe, $6,000.
" For reporting proceedings, &c., $22,000.
" For messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses, and
carryalls, $20,01)0.
" For miscellaneous items, $19,000"—
and insert:
" For printing, binding, lithographing, stationery, books,
newspapers, Congressional Globe, reporting proceedings,
messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses and cariyalls,
and miscellaneous items, $150,OUO.".
4th amendment of the Senate:
"For the purchase, for the use of iflfe Senate, of five
hundred copies of the Digest and Index of the Opinions of
the Attomcjs General of the United States, to be bouud in
the same manner as the said Opinions, $825."
9th amendment of the Senate:
" And that the Second Comptroller of the Treasury De-
partment shall be allowed a salary equal to that of the head
of any other Bureau, to commence from his appointment
to office."
lOlh amendment of the Senate:
"And that the Second Auditor of the Treasury Depart-
ment shall be allowed a salary equal to that of the head of
any other Bureau, to commence from his appointment to
office."
15th and 16th amendments of the Senate. In-
sert after the word "accounts" the words "carry-
ing the Department mails," and strikeout "$550"
and insert "$800," in the following clause:
" In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury. For
labor, blank-books, stationery, sealing ships' registers,
translating foieign languages, printing, advertising, print-
ing the public accounts, arid extra clerk hire for preparing
and collecting information to be laid before Congress, said
clerks to be employed only during the session of Con-
gress or when indispensably necessary to enable the Depart-
ment to answer some call made by either House of Con-
gress at one session, to be answered at another—and no
such extra clerk shall receive more than $3 33f per day for
the time actually and necessarily employed—$10,550."
22d amendment of the Senate. Strike out
"seven" and insert "twelve" in the following,
under the head of "Bureau of Topographical
Engineers:"
"For blank books,binding, stationery, and labor, $750."
93d amendment of the Senate* Add to the
clause—
" For compensation of the clerk? and messenger in the
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing, $7,300"—
the following:
" Provided, That no provision in the fourth section of the
act entitled ' An act to supply deficiencies in the appropri-
ations for the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1852,' shall be so construed as to prevent the pay-
ment of the salaries? of the clerks in accordance with the
estimate for said bureau of the 5th of October, 1850."
27th Amendment of the Senate. Strike out
" one" and insert " two," in the following clause:
" For repairs of the General Post Office Building, for of-
fice furniture, glazing, whitewashing, and for keeping the
fireplaces and furnaces in order, $1,500."
28th amendment of the Senate. Insert the fol-
lowing:
"At San Francisco, California: For salaries of super-
intendent and assayer, melter and refiner, coiner and as-
sistants and clerks, $23^500.
" For wages of workmen, $20,000.
" For incidental and contingent expenses, $5,000: Pro-
vided, That no parts of the sums hereby appropriated, for the
service of the Mint at San Francisco, either for salaries,
wages, or expenses, shall be expended, nor either ou« of
the officers provided with a salary shall receive the same,
until, in the judgment of thePresident of the United States,
the business of "the Mint is in such a state of progress as to
imperatively require such expenditure."
30th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
"To It. H. WeighUnan, of New Mexico, for mileage and
compensation fortauendance during second session oi Thir-
ty-first Congress, $2,465."
33d amendment of the Senate. Strike out
" $8,800" and insert " $9,000," in the following
clause, under the head of" Judiciary:"
" For compensation of the district attorney, §8,800."
42d amendment of the Senate. Insert after line
14, in page 33, as follows:
" For contingent expenses in California^ under the act for
the safe-keeping, collecting, transfer and disbursement of
the public levenue of 6th August, 1846, $10,000."
44th amendment of the Senate. At the end of
the following clause—
" For continuing the survey of the western coast of the
United States, (excluding the* pay and emoluments of the
officers of the Army and "Navy, and the petty officers and
men employed in the work,) $150,000: Provided, That a
sufficient number of the supernumerary second lieutenants,
graduates ot the Military Academy, for whom there is no
command in the Army, shall, upon the application of the
Supeuntendentof the Coast Survey, be detailed to take the
places and do duty on the Coast Survey, instead of the
civilians now employed in that service"—
add the following:
" And the Superintendent of the Coas>t Survey is hereby
authorized to extend a reconnoissance of the coast of Cali-
fornia south to Cape Saint Lucas: Provided, No special
appropriation will be required for s>uch extension."
47th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
" For the prosecution of the building of the marine hos-
pital at Yicksburg, $15,000."
55th amendment of the Senate. Strike out
"six" and insert " nine," in the following clause:
"For salary of Minister Resident to Turkey, $6,000."
57th amendment of the Senate. To the follow-
ing clause—
" For salary of the Commissioner to the Sandwich
Islands, $5,000"—
add the following:
" Fi om the time when he assumed the duties of his office
at saia Islands."*
60th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
" For compensation to Theodore S. Fay, as Acting Charge
d'AfFaires at that place, (Canton,) at various times whilst
the mission was vacant, between the 18th day of July, in
the y<'ar 1848, and the 10th day of December, 1850, by di-
rection of the Department of State, the same being for the
difference in the salary of a secretary of legation and a
chargd d'affaires, (and which, with the sum of $686 5-1,
appropriated by act approved March 3d, 1853, shall be in
full for all services to said 10th day of December, 1850,)
$3,153 74."
61st amendment of the Senate. Insert:
" For compensation to Buckingham Smith, late Secretary
of Legation to Mexico, as Acting Charge d'Affaires in Mex-
ico during the absence of the Minister of the United States
from that country, from the 26th of January, 1851, to the 8th
of October, in the eame year, being eight months and thir-
teen days, 4*1,756 95, which shall be paid in full of all de-
mands for such services for the period named."
77th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
" For finishing the grading, manuring, planting, finishing
the roads and walks, graveling and laying gutters along the
margin of the same, and repairing the fence of the Smith-
sonian square, $16,760."
8ist amendment of the Senate. Strike out all
after the word " dollars," in the following:
" For repairs of the two bridges over the Eastern Branch
of the Potomac river, $4,999; and that the bridges across
the Potomac and Eastern Branch thereof be surrendered to
the authorities of the District of Columbia."
86th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
" For the survey, under the direction of the Topographical
Bureau, necessary to a correct estimate «f the cost of con-
structing a canal ba«in at the terminus of the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal, at Rock Creek, in Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, iu pursuance of the estimate of said Bu-
reau, $1,200."
87th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
"For grading and graveling Delaware avenue,north of
the Capitol, from B to D street, at such grade as the Cor-
poration of Washington may adopt, and the President of tlie
United States approve, setting the curb-stone at a distance
of thirty-five feet from the building line, paving the foot-
ways to the width of five feet next the curb stone, paving
the gutters with stone, and laying flag foot-ways wherever
necessary, $5,000: Provided, That the owners of property
lying along said avenue, shall have the privilege under
such restrictions as the Corporation of Washington may
impose, of occupying and u&ing as court-yards, a space not
exceeding twenty feet from the building line of the avenue."
88th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
"For grading and graveling north Capitol street, from
B to E street, at such grades as may be adopted by the
Corporation of Washington, and approved by the President
of the United State?, the curb-stone at the distance of thirty
feet from the building line, paving with brick five feet next
the curb stone, paving stone gutters, laying flag foot-ways
where necessary, $5,000."
89th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
"That the sum of $10,000 be, and thesame is hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, for the necessary graduation and repair of the
road leading from Maryland avenue, at the boundary of
Washington city, to the boundary line of the District of
Columbia, in the direction of Baltimore, in the State of
Maryland, according to its original design: Provided, That
all right, title, and interest, which remain in the president,
directors, arid company of the Columbia turnpike road, un
der and by virtue of an act entitled 'An act to incorporate
a company for making certain turnpike roads in the District
of Columbia,' approved April 20th, 1810, shall be extin-
guished so far as they affect said road, by purchase not to
exceed $5,000, or otherwise to the satisfaction of the Presi-
dent of the United States, before any portion of said appro-
priation shall be expended for the purpose aforesaid."
93d amendment of the Senate. Strikeouf'one"
and insert " two," in the following clause:
"To supply the deficiency in the fund for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen, $100,00U."
98th, 99th, 100th, and 101st amendments of the
Senate. Strike out "seventeen" and insert "eigh-
teen," in the first line, strike out " and" after the
words " nine thousand two hundred and ninety-
four," and after the words " twelve thousand
three hundred and thirty-three," insert the words
" and two hundred and sixty-six," and after the
words "holders of the same," insert the word
" twenty," in the following clause:
"For the redemption of seventeen Loan Office certificates,
nurnbeied 158, 312, 6,895, 6,896, 6,897, 6,898,6,899, 6,900,
6,901, 6,902, 9,175, 9,285, 9,287, 9,288, 9,293, 9,294, and
12,333, which have been presented at the Treasury for pay-
ment at the specie value thereof, and with interest as com-
puted by the Register of the Treasury : Provided, Satisfac -
tory evidence be produced to the Secretary ot the Treasury
that the persons who have presented the said certificates
for payment are the bona fide holders of the same,
$4,165 42."
116th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
"Sec. 13. Jlndbeit further enacted, That an additional
Assistant Postmaster General shall be appointed, m the
manner provided by law, who shall be assigned to duty as
Chief of the Inspection Office of the Post Office Depart-
ment, with the powers, duties, privileges, and compensa-
tion of an Assistant Postmaster Genet al, as the same are
now or may be hereafter prescribed by law."
118th amendment of the Senate. Insert:
" Sec. 15. Jind be it further enacted, That the Assistant
Postmaster Generals shall hereafter be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
and shall receive each a salary of $3,000 per annum."
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the above report of the Committee of Confer-
ence on the civil and diplomatic appropriation hill.
Mr. FJCKLIN. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I would inquire
whether it would not be in order to have the
amendments which have been agreed to read?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. 1 believe they
have been read.
