700
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
J
Mr. SABERS. With the permission of my
colleague, as it is growing late, I move that the
committee rise.
Which motion was agreed to.
The committeeroseaccordingly, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the com-
mittee reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, had had the Unioi gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly the
special order, being House bill INfo. 7, to encour-
age agriculture, and for other purposes, and had
come to no conclusion thereon.
ARMY APPROPRIATION .BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will ask the House to
allow me to report the Army appropriation bill,
which I have had m my desk for some two weeks,
in order that it may be printed. j
There was uo objection. ■
M.r. HOUSTON, from the Committee of Ways |
and Means, reported " A bill making appropri- |
ations for the support of the Army for the fiscal <
year ending 30th of June, 1853;" which was read j
a first and second time by its title, referred to the [
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, ;
and ordered to be printed. j
IOWA ON THE COMPROMISE MEASURES. j
Mr. CLARK. I ask the unanimous consent !
of the House to allow me to introduce joint reso- i
iutions from the Legislature of the State of Iowa |
respecting the compromise. j
There was no objection. i
Mr. CLARK. 1 believe, by the rules and cus- ]
torn of the House, it will be my privilege to sub- j
mit a few remarks explanatory of the resolutions.
I will ask the Chair whether it is not in order, by
the rales, when a resolution is offered briefly to
state its contents?'
The SPEAKER. It is. The gentleman has
that right.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to interfere
with the mnatks the gentleman from Iowa pro-
poses to make at all; hut for the sake of a prece-
dent I would ask him if it would not be better to
send up tne resolutions and to discuss them upon
the proposition to print5 Until the proposition to
rint is made, the gentleman, I suppose, cannot
,?e permitted to discuss the resolutions or their
con tents.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is only entitled, as the question now stands, to a
brief statement of the contents of the resolutions.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the resolutions be
printed.
Mr. ABEIICROMBIE called for the reading.
The resolutions were then read as follow:
Preamble and resolutions m lefeienee to the compromise
mvciMirei p,i mm! bv the Consne^ of the United iUat<vs:
WJit'ion^, The (ui flic United States at us last
hCHtlon adopted a s-cni'f ol acts known ,w the rojupioini^e
and whcieas there has been m.irnlc^tcd through-
out pomoiis of tiic \oifh ,md Smith a disposition to act a
portion of said aot«s at defiitiici', and thereby dcelai <• an open
/eta-tanee to th<* po\vt ot the Government and its hiws
and whetca^, in view of our duty to the Government and
for thi' pu'po^c ot show in<j to ali poitions of the Union oui
nun and inn leldim dt \ otmn to its- can-!: and i^institutions,
wo deem p:o,'cr t«, make ^otne public ilemonstiation ot our
vn ws and feeling : theu-toie
Resol.id, Tliat i.i the opinion ofthi.s General Assembly,
'• the Co!ii'tituu<m of tile United State? is a compact, a fun-
damental treaty,and that m outer to our continued pros-
perity and I'.ippmeb--, t'.at tiiu Co.istituliou and the laws ot
U«e land n.tet lit- u-spcemd and obeyed.
Rctohet!, That we wiil ijivo no countenance or ard to
tJio-^e North, or South, who M-t up " their own rule of eon-
duct'' in opposition t<>, and as heiotr higher than the Con-
stitution ; and while we would qivc the latest latitude to
thought, spoecti. and action, yet such an avowal we le^ard
nieiitin^ uriini.\ed condemnation ; its inevitable tendency
hfizfidnn-i to that union winch we hereby deelaie
•^urselvf i bou.ui to m.iinfam b'-anvand all means n> out
power.
Rcsolve<1) Thru whatrvct may be the opinion''of indi-
viduals as to the policy or detaiK of *aid compromise meas-
ures, jet it is the duty of every trood citizen to conform to
their requisitions and canv them out m good faith; seeking
their modification or repeal, if -ueb should he iipeebsarv. m
the manner contemplated by the Constitution and law* '
iicMjtfcti, That the Constitution should be our cmde,
and in quiigtioiis of doubt we should look for its inteipre-
tat'oii to the judicial decisions ot the tribunal which was
efatabn-hed to expound it, and to the usages of the Govern-
ment t-a'icnom'd by ihe acquiescence of the country that
a!) in ptov]-.jons a-n equally binding ; that it is the will of
thu Vu>!>u- <-.M.ress«l m tl,u most solemn form ; that no pre-
tenets mi uti^uy, no honest conviction even ot what might be
♦-speitij-nt can ji.--t.tY xMhe assumption of any power not
irra/ited, ortne violation o! Us provisions;" and that we deem
it our first un:v not to " invade it* requirements or nullify
iv command-
Rr.olred, Ti.it th« S< rretarj of Stare is hereby directed
c:
to forward a copy of these resolution* to the Governor* of
each State and Territory, and to each of our Senators and
Representatives m Congress.
Approved, January 23,1851. i|
Mr. CLARK. However reluctant I may be to !|
detain the House with any remarks of my own, I jj
think it due to thesource whence these resolutions I1
come to submit a few reflections respecting their j
character., 1 suppose that it can hardly tail to be ,
matter of interest to know what the opinions Oi ,
the people of a State are respecting great subjects ^
which have agitated and divided the public mind, j
TheHnnguage of these resolutions is, that it is the |
duty of every good citizen to conform totherequisi- '
tions of the acts of compromise, and to carry them
out in good faith. Here is a principle—a moral ,
principle worthy of the consideration of all, wor-
thy to be enfoiced upon every American mind,
until its force shall be felt by all, and none shall
deny its truth. It is said that-the acts which ema-
nate from the National Legislature rest upon the ,
Constitution as their foundation, and this is un-!
doubtedly true; but another question arises of no t
small importance, and that is, upon what does the i
Constitution itself rest? It is a superstructure— ;
it is but a created thing. What underlies its foun- ^
dations and sustains it? It is that principle which is ;
set forth in these resolutions, namely, good faith— ,
th^t good faith which metes out to all their rights— j
the full measure of their legal, specific, and cove- j
nanted rights. It has been often said, that every j
system of laws rests upon something external for j
its support. This is unquestionably true, and !
we know what that foreign thing is. In almost j
allother Governments except this, it is the soldier's 1
arm, and the bayonet wielded by the soldier, and j
, both wielded by the will of a single mind. But it :
I is different here. The very nature of this Gov- j
eminent is such as to repel the principle of force
in its support and execution. It is an emanation
of the will of the people; and the very idea of force
applied to the freedom of will is both unreasona-
ble and contradictory. What aie the enactments
of law but the will of Government?—and what is
the will of Government but the will of the peo-
ple5 And, if there be opposing interests—as there
always will be in so great a country—the safety
of the whole requires the sacred upholding of those
laws which embrace and grant relative protection
to them all—and this is to be found in the ob-
servance of good faith on the part of each section
| towards the other. And when this shall be oblit-
| erated and destroyed, there is no sure foundation
J upon which such a Government as this can rest.
: Force in a Government like this is to be employed
; only against its enemies, which at e never supposed
to be " of its own household." It is true that you
may put down a rebellion like that of Shay's, in
Massachusetts, by military force. You may quell
an insurrection like that whichexisted in Pennsyl-
vania, denominated the wlusky insurrection, by
military force. But whenever the military force
of this Government shall be ariayed against the
military force of n State Government, and a drop
of blood shall be spilt or a blow struck, there will
be wounds created so deep that no time can heal,
resentments so flagrant that no i;rac.e can pardon,
and ruin so wide-spread that no wisdom can re-
construct.
I believe there is such a thing as morality of
law: not that morality alone which determines the
character of law, but that which commands obe-
dience to the provisions of law. It arises upon
the enactment of law, it is coextensive with it,
it subsists with it; and from its obligations there is
no escape. It is true that the casuist and carper
may conceive thatthey can ask hard questionsas to
what shall be done m case Congress shnll enact
laws that are flagitious and immoral in their char-
acter. I answer, that if the supposition were pos-
sible, if is the duty of every citizen to obey 
Air. HEBARD, (interrupting.) I rise to in-
quire whether any question is before the House?
The SPEAKER. A motion to print.
Air. CABELL, of Florida, The resolutions
have never been received.
Air. HEBAUD. I would inquiie whether the
resolutions had been received?
The SPEAKER. They had been received by
unanimous consent.
^ Air. CABELL. They were only read for in-
formation.
The SPEAKER. I am informed it was the
understanding of my predecessor, who tempora-
rily filled the chair, [Mr. Richardson,] thatthey
were received by the House.
Mr. CLARK, (resuming.) I was proceeding
to say that there might be those who might ask
questions which they would conceive hard to be
answered. I know but one rule of action, and
that is universal for every individual, for every
mind. There is no such thing as rightful resist-
ance to law, while law is law. To contend for any
other doctrine would be to make war upon all
law, and to reduce law to anarchy, and nothing
else; for that is no law which some feel bound
in conscience to obey, and others think they may
rightfully disobey, and do disobey. It is easy
enough to float smoothly on when no adverse m-
, terests are met, when no prejudices are stirred;
but when, in the course of the rightful government
' of law, these obstacles are met, what is it that is
1 to cleave them down and suffer you to progress :
j It is nothing short of that good faith which is set
: forth in these resolutions, and which guaranties
, to all their lights according to the letter and the
; spirit of the Constitution; and it is precisely this
' which has made this country stand out in unri-
, valed individuality before the world and upon the
! page of history; and it is precisely for the lack of
' this that so many nations, struggling for freedom,
. have fallen so far in arrear of the best hopes and
! expectations of those who would have cheered
, them on to the proud position which we occupy.
1 There was no good faith on the pari of the (Gre-
cian States. A spirit of rivalry and selfishness
| overrode and destroyed their confederation. They
| first destroyed themselves, and were then des-
troyed by a common enemy. They lacked that
good faith which, as the common bond of union,
as the great fountain of preservation, might have
saved them from the conquering Roman. Had
Poland been united m her counsels and her lead-
ers, I am not sure that it could have been proved
to this day that she might not have success-
fully resisted the Russian and the Austrian to-
il gether. And what has been the bane of poor
Hungary? it has been more the want of devotion
[' to one another; more the existence of intestine,
ji than foreign foes. And what of poor, pitiable,
!i unfortunate, despised France? The ambition of
'I an unprincipled leader, and the magic of a mere
| name, have trampled under foot the good faith of
the Constitution, and removed her at a greater
|! distance from constitutional freedom than she ever
!: was before. It is well nigh as impossible to up-
!! root the institutions and destroy the nationality of
;j a people who are bound to each other by the fel-
,i lowship of good faith, as it is to tear asunder the
eveilastinghills. We have experienced, scenes of
>i excitement and troublehere. We have seen dan-
j ger in the prospective, and we have shrunk from
j tho.se scenes. Yet they have passed by, and not
'I a stone hns been removed from the foundation, nor
scarcely a tile from the roof; and the result is to
i! be found in one single fact, and that is—obedience
j | to law.
■■ But, perhaps, it may be inquired if the people
I of the State whence I come need the cold and im-
,, perious teachings of duty to cause them to submit
|j to the enactments of law? I would answer, that
ji is true only in limited circles. And gentlemen will
be prepared to believe the truth of what I state,
,i when they know that the people of Iowa have
i! always been found in the course of public duty.
'! and that no political heresy has stained her public
councils, or marked her public, course. She has
\ trod in the same path m which the fathers trod,
in those paths she delights to walk, and in them
she wjll continue to walk. She has not taken
for her guidance the ''higher law " doctrine, falsely
1 so called, "which leads to bewilder and dazzles
to blind.*' But the higher law of truth she delights
to honor, and this is that law:
Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers, for
' there i*; no po*ver but of God ; the powers that be arc or-
! dained of God.
' li\vnosoever, therefoie, resi&teth the power, re.-Mcih the
]j ordinance ot God; and thev that resist shall receive to
thumselve s damnation—for rulers are riot a terror to good
■ ] works, hut to the evil. Wilt thou, then, not be afraid of the
i power/ Do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise
ij ol the same.-'5
We all know that amongthe measures known as
; the compromise measures, that denominated the
1 fugitive slave law presented the most difficulty. I
■ would not here touch any string which could vi-
\ brate to discord, and I hope that 1 shall not do so;
[I but perhaps I ought m candor to jsay, that ourpeo-
