1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
pie are no admirers of the special institutions of
the South, but they are willing that the people of
the South should manage their own affairs in.
their own way. "We do not seek to dictate to
them; we do not seek to bring them under tutelage
to us. Our people have learned obedience to law
and social duty. In the midst of those great
principles whei e they have learned to forbear to
say to their neighbor, " Stand by thyself, for I am
holier than thou"—where they have learned to
forbear to make themselves "busy bodies in other
men's matters"—where they have learned to re-
ject " profane and old wives'fables," and where
they have learned to yield assent to the great
truth that "the powers that be are ordained of
God."
Sir, it is upon the broad platform of the Constitu-
tion that we meet our brethren from the other side
of a certain line, and we are willing to meet them
upon that platform in all social duties, and in all
duties which are required in our relations to the
Constitution, to the law, and to the Government.
Mr. Speaker, with this feeling upon the part of
our people, with this devotionto the Constitution
and the Union as they exist, you will be pre-
pared to believe that they were weighed down
with feelings of anxiety and trouble, when but
two years ago anarchy almost reigned in this
high place of legislation ; when cool, discrimi-
nating, far-seeing, patriotic Senators could not
discover the soundings, or see even the twilight
that comes before the morning.
But, sir, there was encouragement in the fact
that these men stood as firm as the pillais which
surround you—that they abated nothing of their
energy, nothing of their hope, nothing of their
faith, nothing of their works. And at last the
morning did come, and brought light with it; and
we are willing to rejoice in that light. It may be
that these remarks will be regarded as of little value
by some, and perhaps they may be so regarded
with propriety; but I cannot forbear to say that
it is the fate of human conditions to be attended
with murmurers. The best were not exempt
from them. They were found in the midst of
that people of ancient days, who above all others
were favored by an overruling Providence—who
were led by more than land-marks of human
wisdom, by the " pillar of cloud and the pillar of
fire"—and when in their necessities they were
bounteously fed by a hand above them, without
care and without labor, while yet the flesh was be-
tween their teeth they murmured. And when the
law was being given them for their protection, and
to better their condition, they preferred a calf to
their God. And if all the minutiae of their history
could be known, I think it possible they might
have murmured even at the passage of the Red
sea—murmured because the walls of water were
not removed a little further apart, or because the
spray was permitted to invest them, or because the
stones were not all removed from the bottom.
But, sir, we would rather take up the spirit of the
song which was then and there sung: " right hath
triumphed gloriously; the horse and his rider are
cast into the sea."
Mr. HEBARD. J would inquire if the ques-
tion is on the motion to print?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HEBARD. I move the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tions were ordered to be printed.
SCHOOL LANDS IN" ALABAMA*
Mr. COBB. I have a set of resolutions from
the Legislature of Alabama, relative to a grant of
land for school purposes in lieu of valueless six-
teenth sections in the .-said State, which I desire to
present and have them referred to the appropriate
committee. I will ^tate that that committee has
other similar resolutions under consideration, and
I wish to have these presented now, and I wish
the unanimous consent of the House for that pur-
pose.
Mr. ORR. Does the gentleman want to make
a speech upon them 5
Mr. COBB. Certainly not. I only want to re-
fer them.
There was no objection, and they were accord-
ingly presented and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con- j| of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, an old soldier, praying
sent of the House to submit certain resolutions i : for a pension.^
passed by a meeting of soldiers of the war of 1812, j
m the city of Philadelphia, in regard to bounty ;
land. I ask that they may be read. j
Objection was made. ;
On motion of Mr. ORR, the House then ad-
journed to twelve o'clock to-morrow.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND: The memorial of the Chamber
of Commerce of the city of New York, in relation to the
tonnage duty on the vessels of France and of the United
States in Use ports of each other, and recommending that
the 5th article of our treaty with Fiance be so altered that
the vussels of each nation shall pay no higher tonnage duties
m die port? of the other than the vessels of France and of
the United States may pay in their own poits, respectivelj'.
  , By Mr. BUELL : Tlic remonstrance of 70 citizens of
NOTICE OF BILLS. : New York, asramn the renewal of the Woodworth patent.
BvMr HEB -YRD • A bill pntitlpH ''An nor m m-i.tt k/Mintf ' Mr SOUDDER: The petition of Timothy G. Coffin,
theWoodworth patent.
By Mr. MACE : The memorial of Nathaniel Ingles, Al-
revolutiouary war.
Also, a bill entitled "An act to place the name ot Garner
Ri.v on the list of revolutionary pensioners."
PETITIONS, See.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were pitaented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. POUTER : The petition ot Jeremiah J. West, of
Callaway county, Missouri, tor permission to locate land
warrant* Nos. 27. 619, and 1092, issued in the names ot
Jane Cliambeis, John West, William West, Elizabeth Gen- i|
demer, Emily West, Jeremiah J. West, and Louisa Fields, ij
as heirs ot Jolly West, for the benefit of all the parties ■ ! sl,al.' enabI<' a particular patentee to crmh ail others by a
; len Barnes, and 40 others, citizens of Carroll and White
i counties, Indiana, prajing for the pa?=age of a law prohib-
; iting ali persons m the employ of the Government fiom
• transacting business on the Sabbath.
i 13y Mr. PARKER, of Indiana : Tiie petition of James
1 Smith, William H VamiPinao. and 1*21 others, citizens of
! Wayne county, Indiana, piaying that theWoodworth pat-
I ent be not extended; that no act be parsed legahsnnij the
| reissue of the patent upon the amended specification of
1845; and no general law for the relief of patentees, which
named therein.
By Mr. MILLER: The petition of sundry citizens of!
Missouri, praying Congiess to peimit them to locate other ;
land in lieu of a certain sixteeth section. J
By Mr. MOORE, ot Louisiana: The petition of Henry
McUallen and 76 other citizens of the panshes of Sabine
and Natchitoches, praying for a change in a mail route
Also, the petition ot Mrs. Louhc JPiutard Screven, widow
of Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Screven, asking a pension. J
By Mr. ALLISON : The petition of Riehuid Donaldson i:
and 189 others, citizens ot Washington countv, Pennsylva- ,'
ma, tor a law prohibiting the tiasportation aiid dchvety of '!
the mail on the Cim-maii Sabbath or Loid s day. 1
Al?>o, a similar petition signed by the Rev. Josmh Hutch- |
man and 71 others, citizens of Lawience countv, Pennsyl-
vania. * 1
Alho, two petitions signed by D. L. Morris and 71 others, ,
citizens of Lawrence county, Pennsylvania, for a modifi-
cation of the existing tariff laws, so as to more effectually
protect the inanutacturing interests of the country. " ,
AUo, two petitions signed by James ttnee and G. V. I
Lawrence, citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
against the extuntion of the Woodworth patent.
Al&o, the petition ot John Stcen, of Beavei county, Penn-
sylvania, a soldier of the war ot 1812, tor a pension.
Also, the petition ot T. M. T. McKennon and470others,
citizens of Pennsylvania, for piotection to the Wheeling
bridge.
By Mr. BELL : The petition of Frank Holhday and ('.
B. Miilson, deputy marshals of Montgomery county, Ohio,
praying f<u additional compensation in taking the census oi
said county.
Also, the petition of 100 citizens of Greene county, Ohio,
praying lor the establishment ol a mail route trom Spring
Valley, m Greene county, Ohio, via Bell Brook to Dayton,
Ohio, with letter of Depaitment.
By Mr. WHITE, ot Kentucky: The petition of Charles
C. Caison as administrator ot Captain Jaine-? Dysart, de-
ceased, for land and commutation toi full pay ior services
rendered m the war of the Revolution.
By Mr. CHANDLER The petition of Chailes F. Sel-
buld for money due linn on timbei conti act's wnh the N<ny
Department, enorieouMy paid bj oidei oi that Department
Also, the memorial oi Benjamin T. Howe, and 77 otiiei
citizens of Philadelphia, asking tor a lenewal of the patent
foi Wordwoith's planing machine.
Also, the lemonstiance of Joseph II. Atkirts, Stephen
the signers are all caipenters
strance.
By Mr. WELCH . The petition of 90 citizens of Wash-
ington county, Ohio, prayinc that the bridges of the Wheel-
ing and Belmont Company may be established as po-st
roads.
By Mr. BISSELL • The rat moiial of Mis. Rosana How-
ards praying /or a pension.
By Mi. IIOBBINS : The petition of Samuel Potter, and
fi9 other citizens, ol the county of Philadelphia, a-kmg Con-
yre ;< to pa-sv an act for the extension ot the Woodworth
patent.
Also, the joint resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Pennsylvania instructing their Senator-1 and Representa-
tives to oppose everj measuie to establish a Tinted States
Mint in the city of New Yoik.
By Mr. T. M*. HOWE : The petition of Samuel Ashman.
P. B. Barbeau. Robert R. Lmng-ton, and others, praying
for a beacon lighten Round Island, near the entianceof
the river St. Mane, Michigan.
Also, the renioiir-tiance of William Wilkin-, JuhuB.
Guthue, Thomas Scott, and ^ODother'-itizPnsoi Alleghany
county, PennMlvama, mrain-t the renewal of the Wood-
worth' patent.
.Also, the memorial of John Gricr. ond other-, oi Alle-
ghany county. Pennxyh ansa, piawmrfoi the construction
ofn i anal at the Fall-ol the river St Mane, Michigan.
Alsoj the petition or J ITan ow Foster, and 6<H) oilier cit-
izens of Western Pennsylvania, praying Connie*? to de-
clare the torcible intervention of one State in the internal
affairs of another State to be a violation of the public law
of the world.*"
Also, the petition of Matthew McDonald, a cifz^n of
Fenn^vlvania, for an allowance of > lo. alleged to be
due him on an equitable settlement !or woik performed toi
the Go\eintiien
single suit.
By Mr SCHERMERHORN : The remonstrance of Alfred
Hoyt and others, of Monroe county, New Yoik, against the
further extension of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. McLANAIIAN: The memorial of Mis. Sarah
M. Smead, of Carlisle, Pennsylvania, widow of Captain
Raphael C. Smead, deceased, late of the fourth regiment of
the United States artilleiy, praying for a continuation of her
pension of.-920 per month, for the bervices of her deceased
husband.
i IN SENATE.
! Tuesday, March 9, 1842.
i Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
, A message was received from the President of
: the United States, transmitting to Congress a dis-
! patch addressed to the Secretary of State by the
j Minister of the United States at Mexico, and the
! papers therein referred to, relative to the cemetery
which has been constructed m the neighborhood
' of that city, as a place of sepulture for the remains
■ of the officers and soldiers of the United States
. who died or were killed m that vicinity during the
1 late war, and for such citizensof the United Stat6s
! as may hereafter die there. Also, a copy of the
j report of the agent who was sent for the purpose
j of superintending the work, from which it appears
j that §2,500 or $3,000 are required m addition to
! the amount already appropriated by act of Con-
gress, to carry the object of that appropriation into
full effect. The message was read, and referred
1 to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
A message was also received from the President
of the United States, transmitting a letter from
, the Governor of the Territory of Minnesota, with
I the statements to which it refers, of the disburse-
ments up to the 1st of January last, of the money
nnttee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sed-
ate a copy of the revised .statutes of the Territory
of Minnesota, passed at the second session of the?
Legislative Assembly, commencing Jaruiaiy 1,
1851; which was referred to the (Committee on
Territories,
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
made m compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
and accompanied by a copy of a report of a geo
logical exploration of California, by Joseph Cintz-
£er; which was read, atid referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS presented two memorials of ship-
owners, merchants, and other of Massa-
chusetts, praying that further aid mnv be evaded
to Colhns's line of steam-ship*; which v.eie iv
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of a committee of :!>• New
England Historic Geneological Society at LJostuiu
praythat copies of the Journals and documents
of Congress may be furnished for the of that
Association; which v.vs referred to the Committee
on the Library.
Also, the petition of Edward E\erert and others,
praymn: that the New England Historic Ge^eo-
jogical Society, at Boston, may be furnished wi'h
By Mr. BENNETT: The remonstrance ot John A. Col- , cr)pjesof the Journal-? and documents of Cougre^s:
lm and250 other citizens ot Broome county, New \ork, , ; ) ,-pfor-rvl *«-> tWr •*">  *■-
against the renewal or extension of the Woodworth patent. , wlucn was leteuui to tae Commit
By Mr. CURTIS: The petition of Archibald Merruaan, '' Library.
on tbf
