1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2477
Mr. STANTON. Wo, sir; those only which
have been rejected have been read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
would be in order to have the amendments read.
Mr. STANTON". Then I would make the de-
mand that they be read.
Mr. CABELL, of Florida. "Will it be in order
to ask a separate vote upon any one of the amend-
ments?
The SPEAKER. No, sir.
Mr. CABELL. That is what I supposed would
be the result of referring the amendments to the
Committee of Conference without consideration.
The SPEAKER. The report of the Confer-
ence Committee must be" adopted or rejected as>a
whol'e.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
House dispense with the reading of the amend-
ments, ana would beg leave to state, in addition,
that unless proper time be given the clerks to en-
gross those bills, mistakes will certainly occur.
Mr. PICKL1N. I desire to know what I am
votine; upon. I call the gentleman from Virginia
to order. We have a right to have the amend-
ments read.
The SPEAKER. The motion to dispense with
the reading is not in order unless the rules of the
House shall have been previously suspended for
that purpose.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I do not desire to
detain the House, or to cause unnecessary trouble;
but 1 must be permitted to say that I would rather
a thousand times postpone the day of adjournment
than be compelled to vote without understand-
ing 
[Cries all over the Hall of " Order!" " Order!"]
The Clerk progressed with the reading of the
amendments.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order, Mr.
Speaker, to move to dispense with the further
reading of the amendments?
Mr. FLORENCE. I object to the motion. I
intend to vote understanding^.
Mr. McMULLIN. Will it be in order to move
a suspension of the rules for the purpose of intro-
ducing my motion ?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion would be in
order.
Mr. McMULLIN. My impression is that
there is not sufficient time left for the reading of
the amendments, and I submit the motion for the
suspension of the rules.
Mr. FICKLIN. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. Probably the reading of the
amendments could be completed before the votes
could be taken.
Mr. McMULLIN. At the suggestion of the
Chair, which is that of several members around
me, 1 withdraw the motion for the suspension of
the rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will state to the House
that a majority of the amendments adopted by
the Conference Committee embrace very small
amounts.
[Cries of "Go on!" "Go on!" addressed to
the Clerk.]
[Mr. GOODENOW, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the
following act; which received the signature of the ,
Speaker:
An act making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian Depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with ^
the various Indian tribes for the year ending 30th
June, 1853.]
The Clerk progressed with the reading of the
amendments.
Mr. PRICE. I understand that the most of the
day will be occupied, if the amendments are all to
be read, and therefore I move that the rules be sus-
pended so that a motion to dispense with the fur-
ther reading mav be introduced.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Stuart temporarily in
the chair.) The Chairunderstands from the Clerk,
that the statement of the gentleman from New Jer-
sey is correct.
Mr. PRICE. As the yeas and nays have been
ordered, I will withdraw my motion. I do not
desire an unnecessary consumption of time.
The Clerk finished the reading of the amend-
ments.
•The SPEAKER. The question now recurs
upon the adoption of the report of the Committee
of Conference.
Mr. FICKLIN. I demand the yeas and nays.
The question was put, and SO seconded the call;
which was not a sufficient number.
Mr. FICKLIN. I demand tellers upon order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and:Messrs. Perkins and
Hall were appointed; and the House being di-
vided, the tellers reported—ayes 30; deemed to be
sufficient.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and there were—
yeas 69, nays 69; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willis Allen, William
Appleton, Thomas II. Bayly, Bibigliaus. Bowie, John IL
Boyd, Bnggs, George H. Brown, Busby, Caldwell, Chand-
ler, Chastaw, Clark, Cobb, George T. Davis, Dockery,
Duncan, Evans, Faulkner, Freeman, Gentry, Goodrich,
Hammond, Harper, Isham G. Hams, Sampson W. Harris,
Hart, Haven, Hendricks, Henn,Holladay, Houston, How-
ard, Jackson, George W. Jones, GeorgeG. King, Letcher,
Martin, Mason, McCorkle, Meade, Miller, Millson, Henry
D. Moore, Penn, Perkins, Polk, Porter, Powell, Price,
Reed, Riddle, Robbins, Scudder, Scurry, David L. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Snow, Stanly, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart,
Taylor, Thurston, Venable, Walsh, Wilcox, and Wil-
dnck— 69.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Barrere,Beale,Bovvne,
Bragg, Breckinridge, Breriton, Brooks, Buell, Joseph Cable,
Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Churchwell,
Cleveland, Colcock, Conger, Curtis, Dawson, Dean, Dun-
tnick, Disney, Doty, Edgerton, Ewing, Ficklin, Florence,
Floyd, Fowler. Gamble, Gilmore, Goodenow, Gorman,
Green, Grey, Hobard, Ilorsford, John W. Ilowe,Thomas Y.
How, Ives, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, Preston King, Kurtz, Lockhart,MeNair, McQueen,
Molony, Motehead, Murray, Newton, Andrew Parker,
Samuel W. Parker, Penniman, Richardson, Robie, Ross,
Schoonrcaker, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Thaddeus Stevens, Swcetser, Towns-
hend, Tuck, Walbridge, Wallace, and Watkins—69.
There being a tie, the Chair voted in the affirm-
ative, and the question was decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the report of the Committee of Conference
was concurred in, ariH the bill passed.
PRE-EMPTIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion before the
House for the suspension of the rules, made by
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall.]
Mr. STUART. I hope, by unanimous consent,
that that question will be acted upon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to have the Army
appropriation bill, which has been returned from
the Senate, referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the Army appropriation bill
shall be referred ?
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed !"]
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to obtain the unani-
mous consent of the House for the purpose of
bringing up the post route bill, in which all are
interested.
Mr. KING, of New York. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Hall] has moved to suspend the rules
to enable him to report, from the Committee on
Public Lands, the bill to extend the preemption
laws over California.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Before the question
is put, I desire to ask the gentleman from Califor-
nia [Mr. McCorkle] a single question, to enable
the House to vote understanding^. It is simply
whether the bill embraces the mineral lands in
California as well as the other lands?
Mr. McCORKLE. They aie expressly re-
served by this bill, and it only proposes to embrace
arable lands. I ask for tellers on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hart and
St. Martin were appointed.
The question was then taken;and there were—
ayes 35, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that I may have the
unanimous consent of the House to take up and
act upon the amendments to the post route bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. CLARK. I move a suspension of the
rules for that purpose. I wish to make one or two
amendments germane to the bill before it is acted
upon.
Mr. KING, of New York. I ask that the
amendments be read.
Mr. CLARK. My purpose is to move to non-
concur with the Senate amendments; and I wish
to move two or three amendments for new post
routes.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. "When the Senate amend-
ments are reported, the Chair will then hear ths
gentleman's point of order.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the House do non-
concur with the Senate amendments. They are
not germane to the bill as it went from the House.
At least they are not of the same character as the
bill which went from us. It was a post route bill
exclusively.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Clark] proposes to disagree with the Sen-
ate amendments, and insert in lieu thereof certain
amendments. He*can only propose amendments
to the amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Stanton] mustallowtheamendments
to be reported to the House.
The 1st amendment was then read, as follows:
After line 9 add as follows:
" Fiom Rockland to Isle an Haut, from Aurora to town-
ship No. 33, Hancock comity.
" From Hampden, via South Hampden, South Newhurg,
B&n Dixmont, MouUon's Corner, in Jackson, ic Jackson
Center.
" From the city of Bangor, via Eddingion, Mariaville,
Wesley, Ciavvford, Alexander Baring, over the Black road,
so called, to Calais."
Mr. WASHBURN. I move to dispense with
the reading of so much of the amendments as refers
to post routes.
[Cries of££ Agreed 1" " Agreed !"]
Mr. KING, of New York. How can you de-
termine what they are? I cannot consent.
Mr. CLARK. I take this occasion to say that
it is not my purpose to move a non-concurrence
in the Senate amendments, so far as they embrace
post routes alone.
The question was then taken on the first amend-
ment, arid it was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. Is it in order to move to
dispense with the further reading of the amend-
ments?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, unless by
a suspension of the rules. The Chair suggests
that the amendments which relate to post roads
be read and voted upon by the House in the ag-
gregate, unless a division be requested. Is that
agreed to ?
Mr. PHELPS. From the examination I have
given to that bill, all that precedes the second sec-
tion in the Senate amendments, is for the estab-
lishment of post routes through the States and
Territories. I therefore hope that the reading of
all of the Senate amendments preceding the second
section, may be dispensed with by general consent.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE. I understand that the
Wheeling Bridge matter is placed m there as an
amendment. If it is, 1 wish a separate vote upon
it.
Mr. PHELPS. The Wheeling Bridge case is
embraced in the Post Office appropriation bill, and
not in this.
The question was then taken upon all the Sen-
ate amendments in relation to the post routes, from
1 to 38 inclusive, and they were agreed to.
The 39th amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows: A
"Skc.2. J3nd*^nt further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized to entennto a con-
tract for the transportation of the United States mail on
board of the steam vessels which at present ply regularly
between Bo.ston, in the State of Massachusetts, and Halifax,
in Nova Scotia, upon such terms as may appear to him
reasonable." .
Mr. ROBBINS called for a separate vote upon
that amendment.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE demanded the yeas
and nays; which were not ordered.
Mr. tHELPS demanded the previous question;
which was seconded; and the main question oi-
dered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
! ment was disagreed to.
ii The 40th amendment of the Senate was read,
|j as follows:
'j " Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That if any person
ti shall s.teal, purloin, embezzle, or obtain bv any false pre
!l tense, or shall aid or assist in Mealing, purloining, erabea-
