1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1613
The bill was accordingly received, read through
as proposed to be amended, and the amendments
were concurred in by the House.
GRANTS FOR RAILROADS.
The House then proceeded, to the execution of
the special order.
The SPEAKER. On yesterday the gentleman
from New York [Mr. .Bennett] moved to recom-
mit House bill No. 280, making grants to the sev-
eral States for railroads, &c., to the Committee
on Public Lands, and upon that motion demanded
the previous question.
Mr. GORMAN. I move a call of the House,
and upon that motion I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BENNETT. If it is in order, 1 propose
to withdraw the call for the previous question and
the motion to recommit, and ask the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. There is a privileged motion
pending, that there be a call of the Souse; and
until that is disposed of, the gentleman's proposi-
tion will not be in order.
The question was then taken upon oidering a
call of the House, and the result was—yeas 55,
nays 324.
So the House refused a call.
Mr. GORMAN. I understand the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bennrtt] proposed to with-
draw his demand for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did propose
to do so, but it was not then in order, and neither
the call for the previous question nor the motion
to recommit were withdrawn.
Mr. GORMAN. Well, I ask the gentleman
from New York to withdraw the demand for the
previous question upon the motion to refer this bill
to the committee from whencc it came. f
Mr. BENNETT. I decline to withdraw the
demand.
Mr. GORMAN. I insist that the gentleman
withdraw the demand for the previous question,
and permit some one from the West to be heard
upon so important a bill as this—proposing, as it
does, to give away sixty million acres of the public
lands.
[Cries of 6 4 Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Others will
desire to be heard from othersections of the Union,
too.
Mr. GORMAN. T should be happy to hear :
the gentleman from Georgia. |
The SPEAKER. Discussion is out of order. !
Mr. GORMAN. Again, I ask that some one j
from the Western States shall be heard upon this !
bill, before it is put upon its passage. |
[Loud cries of {{ Order!"]
The previous question then received a second.
The question recurring, Shall the main question
be now put?
Mr. GORMAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STUART. I wish to inquire of the Chair
whether, if the House refuse to order the main
question, it will not then be in order to move to
recommit this bill?
The SPEAKER. That will be the pending
question when the main question shall have been
ordered.
Mr. STUART. But if the gentleman from
New York withdraws the motion, will it not then
be in order for any gentleman to move to recom-
mit it?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order for any
gentleman to do so, if he can get the floor for that
purpose. That motion, however, as the Chair
remarked, is already pending.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 wish to inquire whether,
if the main question is ordered to be put, it will
bring the House to a direct vote upon the passage
of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will bring the House to a
vote first upon the motion to recommit the bill,
and if that fail, then upon its passage.
The question was then taken upon ordering the
main question to be put, and the result was—yeas
103, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Bahfor-k, David J. Bailey, Barrere, Beale, Bell, Ben-
nett, Howie, Bowne, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, George II.
Brown, Burrows, Burt, E. Cairington Cabell, Caldwell,
Lewis i>. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman* Clark, Cleveland,
Clmgman, Cobb, Coitinan, Curtis, George T. Davis, Ihm-
itick, Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Evans, Ewing, Fowler,
Henry M. Fuller, Gifmore,Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Haws,
Haven, Horsfoid, John W. liowe, Thomas M. Howe,
Thomas Y. iiow, Hunter, Ingersoll, James Johnson, Daniel
T. Jones, J. Clancy Jones, George G. King, ICnhns, Kurtz,
Landry, Mann, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, Meacham,
Henry D. Mooie, John Moore, Morehead, Morrison, Mur-
ray, Newton, Outlaw, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker,
Perkins, Porter, Riddle, Robie, Sackett, Schermerhorn,
Schoolcraft, Schooumaker, Scudder, David L. Seymour,
Origen S. Seymour, Smart, Snow, Stanly, Benjamin Stan-
ton, Frederick F. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham
P Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens, Stratton,Taylor, Ben-
jamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs, Venable, Walbridge,
Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wells, Addi-
son White, and Williams—103.
NAYS-^Messts, Aiken, Willis Allen, Averett, Bissell,
Bocock, Biagg, Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown, Busby,
Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Caitter, Caskie, Chas-
tavn, Chureiuvell, Colcnok, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Disney, Durkee, Eastman, Edgeiton, JSdmundson, Faulk-
ner, Fieklin, fitcli, Florence, Floyd, Freeman, Gorman,
Gteen, Hamilton, lsham C. Harris-, Sampson W. Harris,
Hart, Hendricks, Jhbbatd, ihllyer, (lolladay, Houston,
Howard, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert
VV. Johnson, George W. Jones, Preston King, Letcher,
Lockhart, Edwaid C. Marshall, Mason, McCorkle, Mc-
T.anahan, McNair, McQueen. Millson, Molony, Murphy,
Nabers, Olds, Orr, Phelps, Richardson, Robbins, itobmson,
Ross, Scuny, Smith, St. Martin, Stuart, Sutherland,
Svveetser, George W. Thompson, Townshend, Wallace,
Wilcox, Woodward, and Yates-—179.
So the mam question was ordered to be put.
The SPRAKRR. The first question now is
upon the motion made by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bennett] to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. STUART. On that motion I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. As itseemsto
be the desire of the opponents of this bill to con-
sume the time of the morning hour without com- j
ing to a vote upon this bill, I move that the House j
do now adjourn, and upon that question I call for i
the yeas and nays. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does the gentle- j
man want the House to adjourn? j
Mr. STEPHENS. I do not; but I want the
bill to be kept m a condition for action thereon.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
y, nays 170.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. COBB. Has the morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. COCB. Then I move to proceed to thecon-
sideration of business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. ASHE. Did the Chair state that the morn-
ing hour had expired?
The-SPEAKER. It has expired, and the gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Cork] moves to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM PENNSYL-
VANIA WRIGHT VS. FULLER.
Mr. ASHE. 1 move that the House proceed
to the consideration of the contested-election case
from Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of the
day, in the opinion of the Chair, is the considera-
tion of that election case.
Mr. COBB. 1 give way.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move to
postpone the regular order of the day until to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
that the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Ashe] took the floor upon his proposition?
Mr. ASHE. I did.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Stephen?.] could not take the floor 1
from him to make a motion. \
Mr. STEPHENS. I did not know that the j
gentleman [Mr. Asiie] claimed the door, as he '
barely moved to take up the order of the day. !
The SPEAKER. The gentleman states that ;
he did. |
Mr. STEPHENS. If so, then of course l'
could not take the floor from him. i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North 1
Carolina [Mr. Ashe] will suspend hiss remarks j
for a moment, until the resolution offered by the !
Committee on Elections can he read.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved, That the election at the Danville precinct,
county of Montour, eleventh Congressional district, in the
State of Pennsylvania, was illegally and megulailycon-
ducted, and the seat of the membei from that district is
vacant; and that the Speaker inform the Governor of that
State of the decision of this House, that a new election
may be ordered.
Mr. ASHE. Mr. Speaker, after several inef-
fectual attempts to obtain the attention of the
House, for the consideration of this case, as I
have succeeded now in doing so, I will promise
theTiouse to be as brief as possible in my state-
ment of it.
I believe I may say, with perfect confidence,
that I never undertook the examination of a case
more determined m my own mind to be free from
prejudice or improper bias, one way or the other,
than I did in this case. And if, unfortunately,
instead of being a unanimous report, there should
have been two reports to the House, it does not
indicate that these feelings did not govern, not
only the chairman, but the other members of the
committee, but it only shows the great facility
with which men can view things in several differ-
ent aspects.
The official returns made by the proper return-
ing officer of the State of Pennsylvania, iivaccord-
ance with their law upon the subject of elections,
show six thousand two hundred and sixteen for
Henry M. Fuller, and six thousand one hundred
and fifty-seven votes for Hendrick B. Wright,
thus giving the sitting member a majority of fifty-
nine votes. The contestant, considering himself
aggrieved by the mode and manner in which the
election was conducted, did, according to the pro-
visions of a law passed September, 1851, serve a
notice on the sitting member [Mr. Fuller] of his
intention to contest his seat.
In accordance with the notice served upon him,
both parties proceeded to the examination of wit-
nesses, and to the examination of evidence brought _
forward upon each side, touching the merits of the
case.
The sitting member [Mr. Fuller] raised a pre-
liminary objection before the committee, that the
notice of the contestant was not sufficient to put
him upon a defense of his rights, inasmuch as it
was not m compliance with the letter of the law,
passed by the previous Congress, regulating the
manner of taking testimony in election cases.
The majority of the committee overruled this ob-
jection. Their reasons I will state m a very few
words.
The object of the law was, to give the sitting
member a knowledge of the grounds upon which
the contestant relied in the contest. The letter of
the law, indeed, requires the contestant to give
such notice, and the only point is, to determine
whether the notice is sufficient to give that inform-
ation. Now , my fiiend from the minority side of
the committee says, very justly, that it is the duty
of the party contestant to set forth the facta so
plainly and particularly, as would, if proved, ren-
der it the duty of Congress either to vacate the
election, or declare another person duly elected to
office.
For the House to determine upon the merits of
this preliminary objection, raised by the contest-
ant, they should—adopting the information con-
tained in the minority report, and sanctioned by
the majority report—find out whether, in this
notice, there is such a specification of facts as to
justify this House in either setting aside the elec-
tion and ordering a new one, or in awarding the
seat to the contestant, to the exclusion of the sit-
ting member. The majority of the committee, in
order to put the House in full possession of this
case, had the notice transcribed in full, and I will
read certain specifications, and leave it to the
House to determine whether they be not sufficient,
if substantiated by proof, to require that the
House adopt one or the other of the alternatives
presented--either to vacate the seat, or to admit
the contestant.
The notice was served in proper time. That is
not disputed.
The first allegation is:
"That the election at the Danville borough poll, and the
Mahomns; poll, within the present county of Montour, and
both withm the said Congressional district, wore iriegularly
and illegally conductod.
" First. In the reception of votes, by the officers of both
election boards, from pcuonss who were not, at the lune,
qualified electors within the meaning of the statutes of Penn-
sylvania—the j>iud persons being, at the time, either under
the age of tvventv-one years, non-residents, foreigners not
naturalized, or persons-not regularly assessed or returned •
neither of which classes of persons are, by the laws of
Pennsylvania, entitled to the elective franchise, *>o as to be
legally qualified to vote for a candidate for the office of
