THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24,
member of the House of Representatives of the United
!" Second. That the officers of the said Danville borough
election board allowed and permitted persons to introduce
anddeposit, ballots in the box for Representative aforesaid,
who were not members nor officers of the said board."
Again: '
« Fifth. That the ballots deposited in the box for Repre-
sentative, as aforesaid,'at the said Danville b'orough poll,
do not correspond in cumber with the list of the names of
voters, nor with the tally lists kept by the proper officers in
conducting said election.
Sixth: That at the said Danville borough poll, pefsons
lyere perbiined to vote for Representative aforesaid, whose
n&mes were not on tile list of taxables furnished by the
county commissioners, and that the reasons of such votes
were not inserted by the inspectors of said election opposite
the names of said voters in the said list, nor by the clerks
of' Said election in the list of voters kept by them at such
election.
" Seventh. That two of the officers of the said Danville
borough poll were ineligible and not competent, according
to law,to hold and conduct the said election."
And, finally, the contestant alleges and avers—
. " That at the several polls above named and particularly
specified, there were illegal votes enough polled and count-
ed to havfTchan^ed the result of the said election ; and that
if the said illegal votes had not been received and enumei-
ated, the undersigned would have had a majority of all the
votes cast in the said eleventh Congressional district for
Representative as aforesaid; and that the several illegal
acts committed by the said several election boards, to-
gether with the informalities of law thereto pertaining, are
sufficient in law and fact to entitle the undersigned, con-
testant, to a seat in the thirty-second Congress, trom the
said eleventh Congressional district of Pennsylvania."
Now, Mr. Chairman, we have in this notice
the direct charge made that the election was con-
ducted in an illegal and irregular manner. We
have another charge, that, in consequence of this
illegal and irregular manner of conducting the
elections, there were votes received not authorized
by the laws of Pennsylvania regulating elections;
and we have the general averment, that, in conse-
quence of this illegal and irregular manner of re-
ceiving votes, a sufficient number of illegal votes
were polled to change the result of the election.
If the proof should confirm and establish these
specifications, it appears to me—though I may
take a mistaken view of the case—that the House
cannot, injustice to itself, and in support of the
Pennsylvania election law, refuse to adopt the
report of the committee.
Again, sir, as I intimated before, this law was
intended to prevent any surprise being practiced
upon the sitting member. In the minority report
my friends do not complain of any surprise, or
that the sitting member was taken unawares. On
the contrary, ne did appear at the different places,
and through counsel, or in person, examine and
cross-examine the different witnesses produced.
Then, if there was 110 surprise, and if he had a
full opportunity to examine all the witnesses to
destroy the force of these facts, of course it is
with bad grace that he comes to this House and
claims that the notice was not sufficient.
The objection is urged by the sitting member
[Mr. Fuller] before the committee'—and it is
sanctioned by the minority report—that the notice
did not contain the names of the illegal voters,
and that it should have been particular in giving
their names.
Now, if any gentleman will examine for a mo-
ment the system of elections by ballot, he will
find that to be almost impossible; and if under
some circumstances possible, I hesitate not to say
that in this case it was impossible. From the evi-
dence taken before the committee, and m fact from
the argument of the contestant before the commit-
tee, which was confined entirely to the " Danville
borough," a majority of the committee felt satis-
fied that a more specific compliance with the re-
quest of the sitting member was impossible. The
law makes it the duty of the commissioner whom
the contestant selects to take these depositions, to
issue subpamas. One hundred and eighty-six
votes were polled at that borough, which the con-
testant alleges were illegal. He had subpoenas
regularly served upon them. Almost to a man
they refuse to appear. As elections are made by
ballot in Pennsylvania, how could he find how
they voted, it at all, unless by some examination
before a United States commissioner? They
refused to appear before the commissioner, in con-
sequence of the great excitement pervadin°- the
community. Of the character of that community,
on the present occasion, I will not speak. It would
be useless.
_ Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to know how the con-
testant could come to the conclusion that a pae^
ticular vote was illegal, unless he knew by whom
that vote was given ?
Mr. ASHE. He found there were so many
votes onthe poll list not on the assessors'list. By
the laws of Pennsylvania, when a vote is -polled,
the name of the voter not appearing upon the as-
sessors' list, the particular reason on account of
which it is received is made a* matter of record.
The clerk of the election is required to enter the
reason given, and there were recorded so many
names as having voted, which did notappearupon
the assessors' list.
Mr. BOCOCK. He might have stated those
names which were not on the assessors' list.
Mr. ASHE. Butthere were reasons why aman
should be entitled to. vote whose names were not
upon the assessors'list. The minority of the com-
mittee quote several precedents which they main-
tain show conclusively that it was necessary and
proper the contestant should give the names of
these voters. Now, sir, I do not look upon pre-
cedents of this House with regard to election cases
as of great importance, yet I have examined the
various precedents, cited by the minority, which,
if-1 am not mistaken, I can demonstrate that so
far from sustaining their allegation, they have
directly an opposite tendency—that they show
conclusively this House has seldom required the
names of illegal voters to be given. The first they
have cited is a Pennsylvania contested-election
case—the case ofLeland. That case never came
to a final decision; but the decision, as obtained
by me from Philadelphia,was merely an interlo-
cutoryone. The opinion of the court was, that the
names of the illegal voters were not required to be
given, but merely a statement of the fact, that
they were illegal voters—why they were so, and
their number. So, in that case it was decided the
names could npt and were not required to be given
under the laws of Pennsylvania.
My friends, certainly, could not have examined
the next case they cite as confirming their conclu-
sion. In kindness, I must think they read only
its caption. It is the case of Easton vs. John Seotr,
which identical case I had myself selected as
showing the correctness of the position assumed
by the majority—not merely overruling the pre-
liminary objection of the sitting member, but
also as authority in declaring the seat vacant.
Since they have referred to the case, it should have
binding effect upon the House. There is a striking
and remarkable similarity between that and the
present case, so far as the attending circumstances
areconcerned. My friends could not have perused
the report accompanying that case, or they would
have ascertained to their satisfaction that the
House overruled the report of the committee which
recommended a resolution that the contestant
should give the sitting member particular notice,
with the names of the illegal voters. They over-
ruled the additional application on the part of the
sitting member to retain his seat, and finally
adopted a resolution declaring the seat vacant.
As far as precedents showed, and bare influence m
the House, the case referred to is directly against
the minority, and support and maintain the po-
sition of the majority of the committee.
The case of Varnumis also cited. In that case
the House did pass a resolution that the sitting
member should be furnished with the names of
the illegal voters; but that was not a case between
a contesting and sitting member. A few electors
made complaint of the illegality of the return of
Mr. Varnum. The House required the particular
specification quoted by my friends of the minority,
but they also immediately afterwards dismissed
the case finally, and exclusively upon the ground
that it was a malicious prosecution.
The next case referred to is Little vs. Piobbins,
which was up for consideration two years ago.
In this, I am inclined to think, my friends also are
at a loss for proof of the correctness of their posi-
tion. When I saw in their report that notice was
given there by the Committee on Elections re-
quiring the contestant in this case to give the
names of the illegal voters, it struck me with sur-
prise; for, though I served upon that committee,
and about as attentively as I do to any other of
my general duties, I had no recollection of any
such notice having been given. I searched the
records of the committee, kept by Judge Strong 
a very particular man—but found no evidence of
the resolution having been passed. I examined
the reports of the two committees as made to this
House, but found none there. To strengthen my
impression, I inquired of several gentlemen who
had served upon that committee with me, and they
replied that they had no recoll^ption of such a
resolution having passed. The returned member,
[Mr. Robbins,] now in my eye, also informed me
that the notice did not require such particularity
as the statement of names. I went further, to
do the fullest justice to the ease. I consulted
Judge Strong, of Pennsylvania, the chairman of
that committee, and he stated that the committee
passed no such resolution. Gentlemen have not
examined carefully the authorities they have cited.
I have now only done it because of their being
referred to in the minority report, and because 1
consider them to have received but little attention
at their hands. They did not give them sufficient
examination. I will remark here that, under all
of the circumstances of the case, it was impossi-
ble for the contestant to have given this notice in
the particular manner contended for. As I have
said before, the witnesses summoned by the
United States officer did not attend. A vast ma-
jority put the process at contemptuous defiance,
and he never could avail himself of the advantage
of their testimony bearing upon this case.
Mr. FULLER. 1 find by reference to the re-
port of the Committee on Elections of the Thirty-
first Congress, on the case of Little vs. Robbins—
I will state in reply to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman, the following answer of Mr. Littell, the
contestant, to a resolution passed by that com-
mittee: " In compliance with the requisition of
' the resolution of the Committee on Elections,
' adopted the 11th of January, 1850, I have the
' honor to submit the following statement and spe-
' cifications," &c. And that statement and those
specifications contained the list of voters to which
objection was made. This was required of Mr.
Littell upon that occasion, and this is the evidence
of the fact.
Mr. ASHE. I am glad the gentleman has made
reference to it. Owing to my careless manner of
speaking, I forgot to allude to it. I had intended
to do so. The only evidence before me was this
memorandum of Mr. Littell, the contestant, in
which he states that, " in compliance with the re-
' quisitions of the resolution of the Committee on
' Elections, adopted the 11th of January, 1850,1
'have the honor to submit the following statement
' and specifications." He makes his statement and
submits the names of the illegal voters of one pre-
cinct. Now I do not consider that 
Mr. PULLER. It was contended, as I under-
stood, by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Robbins,] who I do not now see in his seat, be-
fore that committee, when the case of Littell and
Robbins first came before them, that the notice
was not sufficiently full, that it did not put the
party sufficiently upon his inquiry, and that,
therefore, the committee by resolution required of
Mr. Littell full and particular specifications. And
in that full and particular specification required
by the committee, he furnishes the list of voters to
whom particular objections were made. Here is
the list contained in the report, and I understood
further from Mr. Robbins, who was the sitting
member, that such was the object of that resolu-
tion. I understood so from him. Such at all
events was the effect of the resolution and notice
given by Mr. Littell. In answer to that resolu-
tion of the committee were given a list of the
names.
Mr. ASIIE. God knows that I do not wish
to do the sitting member any injustice.
Mr. FULLER. I know that.
Mr. ASHE. In that case the contestant, in re-
ply to the notice served upon him, makes a state-
ment in compliance with the requisition of the
resolution adopted on a certain day. It was the
statement made by Mr. Littell, and contained in
this report that put me upon inquiry, for it struck
me with surprise, that the committee should have
passed such a resolution without my recollecting
it. From my examination of it and my knowl-
edge of the individuals who composed the com-
mittee, and from a conversation I had with Mr.
Robbins, I felt satisfied that Mr. Littell labored
under a very great -mistake, if he endeavored to
produce the impression that such was the argu-
ment of the committee.
My friends of the minority on the committee
were again unfortunate in attempting to justify, or
