1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1615
ralher to exculpate, these individuals who thus at-
tempt to put at defiance the laws of the United
States regulating the mode and manner of taking
testimony m election cases. They tell us that the
commissioner himself acted very improperly, and
that justice would be better consulted, for such is
the impression made, by disregarding his process
than obeyingit. I think rny friends of the minor-
ity did not examine the evidence they are quoting.
They refer to the case where the judge or com-
missioner took the evidence of a man who was
beastly drunk, and after taking it, refused to re-
cord it as given in.
Now, without being an advocate of the char-
acter of either of these commissioners—without
saying that either of them acted as judges should
have done, in expelling from their hearts all par-
tisan feelings in this case—my friends of the mi-
nority have done gieat injustice to that individual
commissioner who, I am informed by his neigh-
bors, isamanof highcharacter. In justice to them,
I wish only to say, that the witness called upon
by the sitting member to prove the above facts, is |
a Mr. Montgomery, whose character is unitn- :
peached, and he states, that the commissioner did
refuse to record the evidence of a drunken man,
and why ? Because his testimony was incoherent
irrelevant, and nonsensical. But again, if my
friends had read the authority from which they are
quoting, they would have found that the contest-
ant objected to his examination. The judge de-
termined to rule out his examination and not put
it upon record. One of the counsel for the sitting
member insisted that the witness should be exam-
ined, and that his testimony should be.taken.
Mr. FULLER. I know the gentleman takes
great pleasure in being corrected, and, therefore,
I avail myself of his courtesy. ' He will remember
that this witness of whom this complaint is made,
was drunk when he was called upon the stand;
that the commissioner permitted him to be sworn
while in this state of beastly intoxication; and that
after his examination had progressed some time,
and he was disgracing the whole proceeding, it
was objected to, and not till then, on the part of
the contestant, and a desire expressed that it might
be suspended until the witness became sober. In
addition to the evidence of Mr. Montgomery upon
this point, is the evidence of Mr. Charles Cook,
who swears that the commissioner did not take
down the testimony as it was delivered, it being
manifestly his intention to put a sober witness on
the notes, when there was a drunken witness on
the stand.
Mr. ASHE. Although this is an irrelevant
point, but in order to put myself right, and show
the character of the testimony introduced, I will
read the whole of it, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Fuller] will find that I have uoue
the case full justice:
Mr. Montgomery called again:
Question.' Were you present when John Ammerman was
examined tictpre Ju4ge Jayne ?
Jhiswer. I was.
Q. Was lie diunk or sober at the time of Ins examina-
tion ? , " 4 J
He wis evidently very much intoxicated.
Ci'oss-exinnined—O. You would not call him beastly
diunk, would your . _ i
Ji. I would prefer using the expression winch T have
used with regard to linn.
Q. Did he not appear to understand what lie was about,
or what he said ?
J3. He did not so appear to me.
O. Was his evidence intelligible ?
.5. T thought his answers were incoherent; lie made ex-
clamations to the crowd dining ms examination ; spoke of
a liirv b<nt)2 present; hi? testimony was not taken down by
Jud4 Javne, and read ofF here, as lie dehveied it.
(f, Did not Judge Jayne take down and read off all the
testimony he gave, connected with the questions that were
nut to him ?
Ji Several of his incoherent and -strange answeis were
nor taken down by Judge Jayne, according to evidence, as
read to him by Mr. Bnsben afterwards. Mr. Fuller's coun-
sel insisted tliat the judge should put down a ceitain strange
answer, and the judge lefused to put it down, on the ground
0 Did the indge use the word silly? or anything like it?
jL I am not certain that he used that word, hut he cer-
tainly used one of the same impoit, pjIIv oi foolish, or some-
thin* of that sort. I allude to some express answer to some
question whete the witness intimated that Mr. Luher's
counsel was intoxicated, and Mi. Casey insisted on its be-
in tr put down, and Judjro Jujne icfurjed to do so.
Q Was not the follow ms what you allude to: Did not l
Mr. Ca^jy ask me witness how many dunk* he had had i
that da\> and the witness lephed, one sincc bUppci ; 3Ir. ,
Ca ev 'then said it must have been good liquor to which ,
the witness replied it was, and J gtio^s by the looks ot youi •
tace you have had some of the same kind? :
Ji. The answci to which I allude was made in reply to ,
an inquiry of Mr. Fuller's* counsel as to the witne&s having
taken hquor; I presume the question was properly taken
down by Judge Jayne, hut the answer 1 know was not.
Q. Was his testimony read by any one m the presence
and hearing of Mr. Fuller and his counsel?
Ji. His testimony, as taken down by Judge Jayne, was
read by Mr. Bnsben in presence of Mr. Fuller and his
counsel, but it was not taken down by Judge Jayne in the
way it delivered. 1 would say further, that Colonel
Wright asked the judge to suspend the examination of the
witness in consequence of his intoxication, he was not tit
to be examined; and that Mr. Casey objected, saying that
if they would call a drunken witness, they must go on with
him.
Q. Were you present most of the time that Judge Jayne
was taking testimony here ?
Ji. I was not; i was most of the time at the Bloomsburc
court. ~ j!
Q. When I read over the testimony, was any objection \ \
made to it as taken down ?
A. I cannot say whether Mr. Casey entered his objection i1
to the accuracy of it until arier it was lead bv Mr. Bnsben. !
J. G. MONTGOMERY. |-
May 13,1851; Sworn to and subscribed betore n e, |
JOHN COOPER, Commissioner*
Some of my friends in this House have occupied !
the judicial position, and they must know that a h
judge who would place any reliance upon the silly j1
and incoherent testimony of a drunken witness, j
would do neither himself or the bench credit. On I
the contrary, the judge who respects himself will j
always reject it. I
I think my friends of the minority certainly over- j
looked this testimony of Mr. Montgomery, the !
witness called by the sitting member, and whose ■
character is above reproach, or they would not
have made this wholesale charge against a man, 1
who, I understand, at home occupies a high posi- ;
tion. At the suggestion of the sitting member, I !
will read the testimony of Mr. Charles Cook: ;
u Crow-examined.— Q. Youmean,doyounot, that Judge t
Jayne did not take down all he (Ammerman) said, while 1
giving in his testimony ? |
" JI. F think he did not pat down his full answers. !
" Q. Did he not take down all the witness said, having i
any relevancy to the question propounded ? j
*' Ji. I think not. in answer to a question where he got
his tickets, he commenced answering, and the following
words are omitted in tiie judge's notes, ' now do not stop
me. or I will toiget mv story afteiwaids the witness gave
his answer, but noun the same words that the judge took
down. I do not recollect the diffeienee, but 1 noted it at
the time."
This testimony does not vary the case in the
least, and it shows that the witness was undoubt-
edly drunk, and illy fitted to give the committee or
this House any reliable evidence.
Overruling this preliminary objection, the com-
mittee commenced their examination into the mer-
its of the case, and in order to be understood prop-
erly, I will restate the positions which have been
already stated. It strikes me, as it did a majority
of the committee, if the House should be satisfied
that there was such irregularity and illegality of
conduct of the elective board m the reception of
votes at that precinct, as stated and specified by
the contestant, and if the consequences of that ir-
regularity and illegality were, that a sufficient
number of illegal votes were received to change
the result of the election, this House, in justice to
its own character, can come to but one decision,
and that is, to send the case back to the people of
the district, giving them to understand, that though
we do not depuve them of representation, yet we
insist upon their sending a man here who is re-
turned in both a proper and legal manner.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is necessary for this
House to be particularly informed of the election
laws of Pennsylvania, in order to determine_cor-
rectly this case, because, although this House is
properly and constitutionally judges of the return
of its own members, members of this House are
'returned under the laws, and by force of the elec-
tion regulation of the different States. The jaws
of Pennsylvania are very stringent in prescribing
the qualification of voters, and also very particu-
lar and stringent in surrounding the ballot-box
with as many preventives against fraud as possi-
ble. The laws of Pennsylvania require that be-
fore any general election shall take place, that
there shall"be a preliminary election in each dis-
trict of a judge and two inspectors. These two
inspectors have the right each to appoint a clerk,
j and these two clerks, the two inspectors, and the
1 judge constitute the election board. Now, what is
i the°duty assigned to the judge? The judge is
j particularly required to be present on the day of
; the election, and to act strictly as umpire to dc-
| cide when the inspectors may disagree respecting
| a vote. If the inspectors disagree respecting the
j propriety of receiving a vote, they are to appeal
to the judge, whose duty is pointed out. He is to
decide between them; and what else does the law
say? In order to have this judge as free from
prejudice, and as uncontaminated by the excite-
ment of the day as possible, it particularly says he
shall in no other manner interfere in the election.
The sixth section of the Pennsylvania consol-
idated election law, provides that the judge shall
act as umpire in the event of the disagreement of
the inspectors—as to the right of an elector to
vote—" but not otherwise." His whole duty
consisting in the power to decide on the disagree-
ment of the inspectors.
Now, sir, it is alleged and complained of by
the contestant, that on this day the judge, Mr.
Kitchen, not only neglected his own duties, but
usurped the duties of an inspector, and that the
inspector, whose duty it was to stand at the win-
dow, and to receive, was ousted from his position,
and made merely distributor of votes. This may
appear, at the first glance, as an immaterial matter;
but the House will gather from this fact, fully es-
tablished by the evidence, that it becomes a very
serious und important matter. The duties of in-
spectors, are particularly described and set forth;
and in order to make myself understood, I will
read to the House what the Pennsylvania law
requires of them, which is in substance as follows:
" The inspectors shall receive and distribute the
tickets." it is expressly made iheir duty to
stand at the place where the tickets are handed up.
Mow, the majority of the committee finding out
that a large number of illegal votes had been re-
ceived, or discovering, on compaiing the result of
this election with that of others held previously
and subsequently to this, that there was 9 vast dis-
parity in the number of electors, and as foreigners,
whose papers had not been taken out, to the num-
ber of forty, or upwards, had been received—as
non-residents had been received—the majority felt
authorized to say, and to state in their report, that
this change of position at the window by Judge
Kitchen, and the driving from the window the in-
spector Mettler, was intended to cover and cloak
a fraud. I generally, Mr. Speaker, judge a man
from his actions. I know there are some other
rules, but that old-fashioned rule is the best, in my
estimation. J very seldom or ever found it fail.,
A.t any rate, if the judgment is adverse, it throws
the onus probaadi of good intent upon the party
complained of.
In 1849, at the Danville poll, there were re-
ceived 4G3 votes, and in 1851,731—thus making a
difference of 268 votes.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee, in this connection, if there was
not evidence before the committee that m 3845,
five years previous to this election, 750 votes were
polled at the Danville district, and that during the
. interval of the five years more than five hundred
i dwelling-houses were erected m that district?
Mr. ASHE. With a great deal of pleasure I
will answer the gentleman's question. I assure the
gentleman I intended to mention this fact. Sub-
sequently, though, the House must be informed,
theie was a division of the township—instead of
being one precinct, there were two created. Hence
there should have been a reduction of the number
of votes in this precinct.
Mr. FULLER. In 1845, there were 750 votes
polled in Danville district, and between 1845 and
1850 over 500 dwelling-houses were erected in that
district. In 1850 the district was divided, and at
the election of 1850,858 votes were polled, so that
the increase in the two districts was 121 in the
one and 731 in the other. Therefore, the increase
during the five years was but 108, with this im-
mense increase of population.
Mr. ASHE. The gentleman states ihe fact,
but, unfortunately, after 1845 there was a division
of the township, and hence the reduction of the
votes.
Mr. FULLER. The gentleman misunderstands
me. The district was divided, but the two dis-
tricts combined, polled but 858 voies in 1850. There
is .where the gentleman is mistaken. While five
years before, the same district, then being one
district, polled 750 votes; m 2850polled 858 votes;
and during the interval 500 dwelling-houses were
, erected.
; Mr. ASHE. I do not misunderstand the gen-
' tleman at all. There was a division of the town-
j ship, but it was not an equal but an unequal divis-
I ion in point of votes, and a vast majority re-
