1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
70S
orable Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]
would have been introduced to embarrass the prog-
ress of my bill. If that proposition had not been
introduced, it would have passed long ago; and I j
hope it will now pass asjsoon as Thursday. I de- j
sire to say, that day after to-morrow, I shall en- '
deavor to induce the Senate to sit out the bill, or I
sit until Friday morning at all events, till the pri- !
vate bills come up% 1
Mr. CHASE. I am disposed to vote for taking •
up these resolutions in relation to intervention at 1
this time, but I really hope that this will be the 1
last time they will be allowed to interfere with the j
regular order of business. I am exceedingly anx- !
ious that the bill granting land to the State of Iowa
shall be pressed to a speedy decision, and that
then we may take up the bill relating to the navy-
yard in California, which is next in order of busi- I
ness. I have a bill of much importance to the I
State which I have the honor to represent, which
stands second on the Calendar, and has stood |
there from the commencement of the session, but ;
has been delayed because we have taken up a bill ,
on one day, and discussed it for a little time, and
on another day another bill or resolution, and have j
discussed that awhile, and thus have debated al- j
most everything in the world without finishing |
anything. I hope that mode of doing business I
will no longer be persisted in. !
Mr. BRADBURY. I have been desirous for j
some time to get the Senate to consider a bill of ;
practical importance, and I regret very much to 1
hear the honorable Senator from Iowa say that, I
although he consents to-day to the interruption of :
the discussion on the Iowa land bill, he will not i
hereafter do so. I hope we are not to understand i
that consent is to be given to the interruption of j
the discussion upon that bill only for the purpose .
of discussing subjects of no piactical importance 1
whatever, while subjects of great importance,
which demand the consideration of the Senate,
are not to receive its attention. I hope we might
take up and get a vote on the bill making indem
nity to those who have suffered from French spo-
liation. I have no feeling of particular anxiety
with reference to that bill, except that it has been ,
intrusted to my charge as chairman of the com-
mittee. I desire to havea vote upon it, and should
have insisted on having it taken up yesterday; but
for the request of the honorable Senator from
Michigan, [Mr. Felch,] who was unable to leave
his room, that it might be suspended. I hope he
will be in his seat to-morrow; and if so, I shall
ask to have that bill taken up. I do not wish, I
however, to consume any time myself in debating j
it.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to correct my i
friend from Maine in relation to one remark he \
has just made. I have never eonsented to give up |
the discussion of my bill for any other subject, i
At the time that my friend from Rhode Island !
made his appeal to me on behalf of the Senator j
from New Jersey some ten days ago, I did not !
then consent, but was overpowered by my friends, |
who came and suggested that it would be good \
policy to give way, and permit the Senator from j
New Jersey to proceed; that there was the hope 1
that if the Senator from New Jersey was permit-
ted to go on, I should probably gain a vote for my I
bill. [A laugh.] .j
Mr. GWIN. Then I am very sorry that the 1
Senator from Iowa did not conceive it good policy i
to give way to me; but I suppose his reason for
not doing so was, that I had but one vote 011 my
side. It was undoubtedly good policy to give j
way to the Senators from New Jersey and New '
York, for he will there undoubtedly get two votes j
for my one. [A laugh.] Very good policy, Mr.
President. Now, sir, here was a bill of great im-
portance to my State. It was discussed by the |
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] i
and I had in part replied, and I gave way on the
understanding that my bill would come up on the j
following Monday. That is four weeks ago; 1
and although I have made many efforts, I find I
cannot obtain the flooi, because my bill involves '
a question of practical importance to the country. !
Now, I know that there are a dozen speeches yet
to be made on the subject of this Iowa bill. The
Senator from New York is about to speak to-day ^
on these non-intervention resolutions, and then he ,
will probably occupy the Senate to-morrow with j
another speech, on the land bill. iJ
Mr. SEWARD. No, sir. li
I am very glad to hear it.
Mr. GWIN.
[Laughter.]
Mr. ATCHISON. I think I can explain this ;
matter of "policy" to the satisfaction of the
Senator from California. California is in the I
category with my State, inasmuch as it has within i
it public lands, and the Senator agrees with us. !
That explains the matter of policy. We have ;
nothing to ask from him—nothing to expect from '
him. He will be obliged to vote for the bill any ,
way. [Laughter.] j
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to waste the time of the j
Senate, but I would much like to know when we ■
are to have a vote upon this bill. When I first j
took my seat in this body, I found a practice ex- j
isting which I think it would be well to revive— I
one depending upon the courtesy of the Senate, :
and I never knew an appeal made to the Senate in
that respect 111 vain. The practice to which 1 al- 1
hide was this: When a bill of this description was
brought forward, and was debated at length, and
when a majority of Senators seemed to think that
as much time as was necessary in debating it had
been consumed, it was customary to name some
future day which should cover all the speeches
which Senators were anxious to make, on which
the Senate would agree, as a matter of courtesy,
to take a vote on that bill. I trust, therefore, that
something of this kind will be revived; and, as
this is a good bill, I would suggest to the Senator
from Iowa to name some day next week when we
could take a vote upon it.
Mr. BADGER. Why not say next Thurs-
day?
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to Thursday.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on post-
poning the prior orders to take up the resolutions
offered by the Senator from Rhode Island. The
whole of this discussion is irrelevant to the mo-
tion.
Mr. CLARKE. I hope the Senate will agree
to take up my resolutions. There is no disposi-
tion to interfere with the bill of the Senator from
Iowa, or with that proposed by the Senator from
California, [Mr. Gwin.] My object is simply to
accommodate the Senator from New York, who
is prepared to address the Senate upon these res-
olutions, and desires to be heard to day. It will
be recollected by the Senate, that a week or ten
days since when the floor was occupied by the
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr. Miller,] in dis-
cussing these resolutions, the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] took the floor, and that this
day was assigned to him for the purpose of their
discussion. There has been an understanding in
this Chamber since that time, that he would be
heard to-day. I can say, for myself, that 1 have
no desire, personally, to urge these resolutions
upon the attention of the Senate to the detriment
of other business, and I shall not, for myself, ask
for their consideration again.
Mr. CASS. I think that, as a matter of courte-
sy and comity, it is due to the Senator from New
York, that he should be allowed to proceed with
his remarks which he has come prepared to make
to-day. I think there should be no objection.
Mr. BADGER. Nobody opposes it.
Mr. CASS. The time is occupied in offering
objections. If the Senator had been allowed to
proceed, he might have got half through by this
time.
Mr. GWIN. I am not opposing it; though 110
such courtesy is extended to me. I came pre-
pared to make my speech six or seven days, but
I have not yet been able to do it.
Mr. DOWNS. I have seen so much time oc-
cupied in discussions about taking up bills out of
their order, that I see no other way to get along
but to refuse hereafter in all cases to postpone the
consideration of one bill for the purpose of taking
up another. That is the only way we can get
along with business. The Senator from Maine
has referred to the bill in relation to French spoli-
ations, and desires to ha\e some action upon it.
I am in favor of that bill, and I give notice that
when it comes up, I shall oppose any motion to
postpone it so as to make it give way to any other
bill. I trust, therefore, that when any such prop-
ositions are made 111 future, I shall not be consid-
ered as being illiberal if I oppose them all, and
especially these abstract questions.
I am perfectly tired of this manner of proceed-
ing. I do not ob]ect to-day because it is under-
stood that the Senator from New York is to pro-
ceed, but I hope this will be the last time such a
course will be taken, and that, hereafter, we shall
take up the bill giving land to Iowa, and then
those that come after it in their regular order on
the Calendar. If there is any bill which will not
lead to debate, there will be no objection to its be-
ing taken up; but what I mean is, that I will not
consent to take up a bill out of its order which will
lead to debate, and thus disturb the action of the
Senate.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone the prior orders, and it was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD asked that his amendment be
read.
Mr. MANGUM asked for the reading of the
original resolution and all the amendments* and
they were read accordingly,
Mr. SEWARD then spoke at length in favor
of his amendment. His speech will be found in
the Appendix.
Mr. Seward having concluded—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee said? Mr. President,
in continuing the discussion of this question, I de-
sire to conform,as far as I may. to what seems to be
the wish of the Senate. I do not desire to trespass
long upon the patience of the Senate at any time.
I believe it will be accorded to me by all, that I
have not done so thus far. I feel, however, an
inclination to express to the Senate what I believe
to be the feelings and the opinions of those whom I,
in part, represent, touching this important subject.
And all I ask of the Senate is, that they will give
to me such an expression of theirwishes as to the
time they would desire, or be willing to hear me,
in order that I may conform my conduct to their
wishes. I have no particular choice as to the time,
I should prefer, however, to go on at as early a
day as might be consistent with the interests and
wishes of other Senators. I beg gentlemen who
have questions of interest before the Senate, to de-
clare their views as to the tnne. I believe the hon-
orable Senator from Iowa [Mr. Jones] feels a deep
concern for a measure that is to be before the Sen-
ate for consideration to-morrow. I therefore can-
not ask or expect that his measure shall be super-
seded for my convenience. Other Senators have
expressed a similar wish. I am willing to agree
to any day, provided it is an early day. And 1
believe that one of the distinguished Senators from
Louisiana [Mr. Soule] desires to be heard on this
question, and would prefer to speak at an early
day next week. If Senators are willing, I would
fix some early day next week—say Monday or
Tuesday.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Say Wednesday week,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Senator from
Iowa suggests to-morrow week. I am willing to
accede to that.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I have consulted with
my friends, who are anxious for this bill to pass,
and so far as I can ascertain on the other side of
the House, I believe I may safely say that we will
certainly take a vote upon it on Tuesday. 1 ^
Mr. SOULE. On Tuesday next? Iv
Mr. JONES. On Tuesday next. Indeed, I W
hope it will be taken before that time, but I think
it will certainly not be delayed beyond Tuesday
next.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] would
prefer an early day next week—say Tuesday—
and, if agreeable to the Senate, I would fix Mon-
day as the day, in oider that the Senator fi'om
Louisiana may have an opportunity of addressing
the Senate on Tuesday.
* Mr. SOULE. If the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Joxes] should be of opinion that the vote cannot
be taken upon the hill, in which he feels some pe-
culiar interest, before Tuesday, perhaps it were
better to postpone this question till Wednesday
next.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, sir; if you please.
Mr. SOULE. Otherwise it might interfere with
the debate on the bill in regard to granting land to
the State of Iowa, to aid m the building of a rail-
road. So far as I am concerned, it is a matter of
indifference whether this question is postponed
until Tuesday or Wednesday. I shall probably
be able to take the floor immediately after the dis-
tinguished Senator from Tennessee.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
Tennessee move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the subject till Wednesday next?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do, sir.
