1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2419
The 47th amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
"Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General may from time to time, by and with the advice
and consent of the President, make any ariangements which
may be deemed ju^t and expedient, for allowing the mails
of Canada, or of any other Province, State, or country ad-
joining: the United States, to be carried or transported at the
expense of the Province, State, or country to which such
mails belong, over any part or portion of the territory of the
United States, from one point in the Province, State, or
country to which such mails belong, to any other point in
the same, upon obtaining the same privileges for the trana-
poi ration of the mails of the United States through the
Province, State, or country to which such privilege shall
be granted: Provided, That such privileges may at any
time be annulled by the President of the United States, of
by joint resolution of the two Houses of Congress, fromand
after the expiration of one month next succeeding the day
on which the notice of the act of the President, or of the
joint resolution of the two Houses, shall be given to the
chief executive officer or head of the Post Office Depart-
ment of the Province, State, or country whose privilege is
to be thereby annulled."
Mr. BROOKS. There is nothing bad in that
amendment, and I hope the House will concur
in it.
Mr. CLARK. It ought to pass, and I call for
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and it was not agreed to.
The 48th amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
"Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That every mail
of any Province, State, or country, having the privilege au-
thorized to be granted in and by the nextpreceding section,
shall, while in the Territories of the United Stales, be deemed
and taken to be a mail of the United States, so far as to
make any violation thereof, oi any depiedation thereon, or
any act or offense in respect thereto, or any part thereof,
which would be punishable under the existing laws of the
United States, in ca«e the same had been a mail or part of
a mail of the United States, an offense of the same giade,
and punishable in the same manner and to the same extent
as though the said mails were those of ihe United States;
and in any indictment for &ueh act or offense, the >aid
rnaiN, or any part thereof, may he alleged to he, and on the
trial of any such indictment they shall be deemed and held
to be mails or parts of mails of the United States."
The question was put, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
The 49th amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
" Sec. 12. Jind be it further enacted, That tile Postmaster
General be authorized to contract or make other arrange-
ments for the transportation of mails of the United States
through any foreign country, and also for their transporta-
tion by such transient or other vessels as may be running
between ports of the United States and foreign ports, or
between foreign ports, i n cases where there are no contracts
or airangements therefor, and to provide for the collection
by prepayment or otherwise, of such postages as may be
due to the United States on such letters and othei mailable
matter as may be sent under such arrangements- and con-
tracts, either in the United States or at such foreign poits,
and for that purpose to u*e and employ as agents the sev-
eral consuls of the United States, or such other persons as
he may think fit: Provided, That no arrangement shall be
made which shall violate the laws prevailing in such foreign
ports or countries, or any treaty of the United States, and
that the whole compensation to be paid for the transporta-
tion of such letters arid mailable matter, shall in all cases
be so limited by the terms of such contracts or arrango-
ment«, as not to exceed the whole amount of the postage
chargeable upon the letters and mailable matter carried
under the same."
The question was put, and the amendment was
not agreed to.
The 50th amendment of the Senate was read, as
follows:
11 Sec. 13. Jind be it farther enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall be, and he is hereby, authorized to provide
and furnish to all postmasters and other persons applying
and paying therefor, suitable letter envelopes, with such
water-marks or other guards against counterfeits as he may
deem expedient, and with one or more suitable postage
stamps, with such device and of such denominations and
value as he may direct, printed or impressed thereon, which
envelopes shall he sold at the cost of procuring and furnish-
ing the same, as near as may be, with the addition of the
value or denomination of the postage stamps so printed or
impressed thereon or attached thereto as aforesaid; and
letters, when inclosed in such envelopes, with postage
stamps printed or impressed thereon, (the postage stamp or
stamps in every such ease being of the value, denomination,
or amount required to prepay the postage which would be
chargeable on sueh letters and envelope*, if *ent by mail,
to the place of their destination, under the provisions of the
laws then in force, and such stamps and envelopes not hav-
ing been u^ed before,) shall pass in the mail* as prepaid
letters; and all letters inclosed in such envelopes as shall
be provided and furnished by the Postmaster General, as
first in this section prescribed, and with postage stamps
thereon a*. afore«aid, (and «ueh postage stamps on such en-
veloped being equal in value and amount to the rates of
postage to which sucli letters would be liable, if sent by
mail, and such postage stamps and envelopes not having
been before used.) may be sent, conveyed, and delivered
otherwise than by post or mail, notwithstanding any pro-
hibition thereof under any existing law: Provided, That
the said envelope shall be duly sealed, or otherwise firmly
and securely closed, so that such letter cannot be taken
therefiom without tearing or destroying such envelope, and
the same duly directed and addressed, and the date of such
letter, or of the receipt or transmission thereof to be written
or stamped, or otherwise appear on such envelope."
Mr. BROOKS. This amendment merely pro-
vides for stamped envelopes.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Is it open
to discussion ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The 51st amendment of the Senate was read,
as follows:
i( Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the Auditor of
the Treasury lor the Post Office Department may, under
such regulations and restrictions as the Postmaster General
shall presciibe, allow to every postmaster whose office was
not established until after the 1st day of July, 1850, or
whose commissions, in consequence of the increase of labor
and business at his office, shall have equaled or exceeded
the commissions allowed at such office, for the year ending
on the 3i)th day of June, 1851, such compensation in addi-
tion to his legal commissions as will, in the judgment of
such auditor, make the compensation of such postmaster
equal, as near as may be, to the compensation of other post-
masters in the same section of the country whose labors are
the same as his, and who are entitled to additional allow-
ance under the sixth section of the act entitled ' An act to
reduce and modify the rates of postage in the United States,
and for other purposes,' approved March 3d, 1851, and
under orders of the Postmaster General, made in pursuance
of the provisions of said sixth section of the act aforesaid-'5
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The 52d amendment of the Senate was read, viz:
" Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That all fines and
penalties imposed for any violation of any law relating to
the Post Office Department shall, when collected or re-
covered, be paid into the Treasury to the credit of the Uni-
ted States, for the use of the Post Office Department, ex-
cepting, however, such part theieof as may by law belong
to the party informing or prosecuting for the same."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I have two or three small
amendments providing for additional routes, which
I desire to offer to the bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. LOCKHART. I object.
Mr. CLARK. I ask for a suspension of the
rules to enable me to offer them.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules. The Chair is,
however, of the opinion, that it is competent for
the House to suspend its own order, and he de-
cides the motion to suspend the rules to be in order.
The Chair, however, is reminded that there is an-
other Senate amendment, and he suggests to the
1 gentleman to allow that to be first disposed of.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to that.
The 53d amendment of the Senate was read, as
i follows:
" Sno. 16. And be it further enacted, That it shall he the
duty of the Postmaster General to issue proposals, and con-
tract for the transportation of a daily mail between Louis-
i ville and Cairo, St. Loui-s and Cairn, Cairo and Memphis,
and Memphis and New Orleans, and to supply such inter-
mediate points a<5 he may order from tune to time, on suit-
able and safe steamboats."
Mr. PHELPS. I hope that amendment will be
rejected. It is utterly useless.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I hope the
amendment will be adopted. It is a very neces-
sary and proper amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following amend-
ment establishing a post route. It is to come in
under the head of Illinois:
From Hick'* Mills post office, Franklin and Kibb county,
to Cherry Valley, Winnebago county, Illinois.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was received.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was adopted.
Mr. CLARK. I now ask the unanimous con-
sent to offer another amendment.
Mr. GOODENOW. I object.
Mr. CLARK. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose.
The question was taken, and two thirds not
voting in the affirmative, the rules were not sus-
pended.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to take up House
bill No. 141, making appropriations forthe service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
ye&r ending June 30, 185Q.
Mr. STEVEN'S, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose.
The question was then taken, and two thirds
voting in the affirmative, the rules were suspended.
The bill was then taken up.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the amendments of the Senate.
The question was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
"To enable the Po«tmas er Gener 1 to contract for the
transporting the mail by steatnbo it from the Lake House to
Iberia, on the route No. 61J6, from Donaldsonville to Wash
ingtort, in the State of Louisiana, $7,000."
The question was put, and the amendment was
agreed to.
The next amendment, adding the following as
a new section, was then read:
"Sec.2. Jind be it further enacted, That t'*e Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized, whenever he shall
deem it dtscieet, to dispen-e with the mine ag- nts now sent
with the ma<ls from New Fork to California, and in lien
thereof to appoint not more than two resident agents, to
take chaige of the mail service across the Isthmus of Pan-
ama, and to allow said agent*, for s.dary and personal ex-
penses, not exceeding $3,000 per year for each of such
agent-., which shall be paid out of the amount annually ap-
propnatvd f>r the transportation ol the mails."
Mr. PHELPS. I wish to inquire whether these
are all the same amendments?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
all the sections constitute one amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 think they are
all different amendments. They areallindepend-
ent appropriations. No one has any connection
with the preceding one. They were offered by
different Senators, and they cannot all be included
in a single amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is difficult to determine
from the bill whether they are separate amend-
ments or not. The Chair, however, thinks they
should be considered as separate, and unless it is
objected to, will so consider them.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask that the amendment now
pending may be again reported.
The second section was again read by the Clerk.
The amendment was then disagreed to.
The third amendment was then read, as follows:
" Sec. 3. Awl be it farther enacted, That the salary of the
route agents be, and the same is hereby increased, to §1,000
per annum.''
The question was put, and 53 rose in the af-
firmative.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers; which
were ordered; and Messrs. Strother and Lock-
hart were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers
reported—ayes 77, noes 57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HART. Will it be in order to move to
take a recess until six o'clock ?
The SPEAKER. It would not. be.
Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana. There was a sec-
tion rejected of which I did not hear one word
read. I hope it will be reconsidered, and that the
section will be adopted. I make that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call the gentleman to or-
der.
The SPEAKER,. Will the gentleman state the
section to which he refers?
Mr. MOORE. It is the one authorizing the
Postmaster General to contract for carrying the
mail in steamboats instead of in an open boat
from Lake House to New Iberia, in Louisiana,
as it is now carried, by which means it is often
lost.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table; which
motion was agreed to.
The next amendments—Nos. 4 and 5 of the
Senate—were then read, and the question being
taken on concurring therein, it was decided in the
negative.
Amendmentof the Senate No. 6, was then read,
as follows:
"Sec. 6. And be it ("rt^er enacted, That the bridges
aeiot-" theOhK* riser at Wheeling in the Plate of Virginia,
and at Bridgeport, in the St tie or Ohm, abutting on Z ine's
Island, in -aid nvr, are Ivreby declared to be lawful struc-
ture* in tfvn present pon mil und elevation, and ht>
«o held and taken to * ■. -niythiriir in a >y hiw or law? of' *he
United State-to the cnnt':«rv notwithstanding.
1 "Sec.7. And be U fwther enacted^ That tile said bridges
