1616
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 24.
raained in Danville proper. But I will leave that
point, because the division of the township would
naturally bring about a great subtraction of the
yotes since, whereas it is increased largely. How
was it subsequent to that time ? How many
votes were polled in 1851, the year after the election
contested? Why, 555 only at Danville precinct,
being 176 less than the year before the contested
election took place. So, whether my friend goes
back before, or whether he comes down after, the
evidence is fully against him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have stated the fact, that
this1 change of the position by the judge," when
the law expressly said that he should not act but
in one capacity, was intended to cover fraud. Let
me see if the evidence does not substantiate and
support me in that assertion. Now, what does
.Tndge Kitehen himself say, when called by the
sitting member, and put upon the stand, in answer
to this question—
"Was or was not the election fairly and honestly con-
ducted, and were or were not all the tickets for Congress
that were received, fairly counted and fairly returned ?"
What is his answer? It is as follows:
" I could not swear whether aji Uiat came into the window
were legal or not; they satisfied us that they were legal, or
we would not have received the votes."
Now, sir, the House must bear in mind that he
had changed his position. Instead of being a judge
and umpire to decide upon contested votes, he
stood at the window and received the votes, and
thus disqualified himself for discharging the duties
of a judge. He says:
" I will not swear that they were all legal votes tiiat came
into the window or not. I will only say, after they were
received, as far as I know, they were legal."
Now, Mr. Speaker, you will recollect that Judge
Kitchen himself is the person who has acted crimi-
nally in this matter, for it gives me much pleasure
to say that I exonerate the sitting member from
all participation in this fraud. It is the officer in
charge of the election who is charged with fraud.
He is charged with cheating the people of Penn-
sylvania of a legal and proper Representative in
this House; he is placed on trial, and lie is now
called upon to acquit himself of the charge which
would subject him to a criminal prosecution under
the laws of Pennsylvania. How does he do it?
By denying it ? No, but by a tacit admission of
the fact, with the simple assurance, that after the
votes came into the window, they satisfied him
that they were legal, and were not improperly dis-
posed/)?. Let me read the next question:
" Was or was not the election fairly and honestly con-
ducted?"
He answerai ♦
" After the tickets camc in it was all fairly and honestly
conducted, aa far as I know."
But again, sir, let us see what Mettler's decla-
rations are} When Mettler, who appears to have
some sparlc of honesty in lua heart, is put upon
the stand, and is asked this question—
u Did you not, as a member of that board, act fanly and
honestly, and receive votes only fi om those persons entitled
to vote ?"—
He answers:
"I received but a few votes fiom persons; I received
them from the judge."
This is what Mettler himself says. A witness
is called by the name of Thomas Lloyd, to prove
the declarations of Mettler. He was asked—
" What was said by the officers of the special election,
held at the same place, and by Mettler, there on that day,
about their producing their papers?"
And he answers:
u I heard Mi. Mettler state that he had been an officer at
the fall I'loction, and now he was atthe window himself; and
that he was determined he would not Jet any person vote
unless they had a right to vote, 01 something to that effect,
as 1\© said there had been men voting at' the fall election
who had no right to vote; and t heaid him say that lie had
been tax collector for seveial years, and that he knew that
they could not poll over five hundred legdf \otes in the bor-
ough no how; that I heard him say at diffcient places on
the day of election and afterwards."
But a^ain, sir; here is the evidence of Mr. Reu-
ben Schock, a witness for the contestant:
" What did you hear Thomas Mettler say, as to the frauds
that were committed al the election m October last in this
borough
Now, Mr. Speaker, recollect that these are the
declarations made by a man who had a few sparks
of honesty in his bosom—a few scruples about
the manner in which his duty had been discharged.
He answers to the preceding question thus:
" I heard him say he was an officer of the" election, and
that he was taking tickets in at the window; and that he tad
taken in three or half a dozen men's that voted, and then
they put Mm 'away, and would not let him take m any
more; then some one put the question to him, how they
came to put him away ? ' Well,' says he, ' because they
wanted everybody to vote that came up to the window, and,
by Sod, I would not let them.' Some,one said something,
I cannot remember exactly what, and Mettler said they
wanted Puller elected so damned bad that they let every-
body vote that came up to the window. I have lieard him
say this over several times, but it was always the same
thing."
I do not wish to be too severe in my expression
of opinion against any man. I believe I have as
much charity in my heartas most people; but when
we find evidence produced before the committee,
and before the House, that fixes so directly upon
an election officer an acknowledged fraud, I ask,
will this House sanction it, or will they say as I
have before stated they should say to the people
of Pennsylvania,'' Take this case, and purge your
own filthy stable?"
[Herethe hammer fell.]
Mr. PULLER. As I have interrupted the gen-
tleman several times, I move that he be permitted
to proceed with his argument. I hope he will
have the general consent of the House to do so.
Mr. ASHE. I do not ask any kuch courtesy
of the House.
Mr. FULLER. 1 ask it because I have inter-
rupted the gentleman.
[Cries of " Let him go on!"]
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania?
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. ASHE. I am much obliged to the gentle-
man, for it relieves me from a great deal of
trouble, I assure you.
Mr. FULLER. Well, Mr. Speaker, I desire
to be heard upon this question, and I would pre-
fer, if it is agreeable to the House, to speak to-
morrow. I move that the further consideration
of the report be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ASHE. Will the House hear a suggestion
from me upon this matter ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be pleased to
do so, if the House will indulge the gentleman in
making his suggestion.
[Cries of "Go on!" "Go on!"]
Mr. ASHE. I have received a communication
which requires me to go home to-morrow, on ur-
gent business, if I do not receive a different mes-
sage; and therefore feel very anxious to get
through with this case as soon as possible.
Mr. FULLER. No man is more anxious than
I am.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman insist
upon his motion?
Mr. FULLER. Perhaps some other gentle-
man would like to speak to-day; if so, I will with-
draw the motion.
[Cries of " Go on yourself!"]
Mr. FOWLER. Will thegentleman giveway
for a motion to adjourn ?
I Mr. FULLER. 1 will, sir.
Mr. FOWLER. Then I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. CLEVELAND demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T would suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania that he is not
obliged to speak to-day. We can go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FOWLER. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ, and move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor for that purpose?
Mr. FULLER. I do.
The question was put upon Mr. Fowler's mo-
tion, and, on a division, there were—ayes 55.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California, demanded
tellers; which were ordered; and Messrs. Hous-
ton and Chandler were appointed.
The question was again put, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 71, noes 39—no quorum voting.
Mr. HAMILTON. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ALLISON. As there is no quorum pres-
ent, I move that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. That is the only motion
that can be made, except a motion for a call of the
House.
II Mr. STUART, Is it not in order to ask for
the yeas and nays on the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of ascertaining if there is a quo-
rum present?
The SPEAKER. The House having divided
by tellers, and it being shown to the whole House
that there is not a quorum present, the Chair de-
cides that a motion to adjourn and a motion for a
call of the House are the only motions in order.
Mr. STUART. I make this point: that until
the Chair announces the result of the vote, the
fact that there is a quorum, or that there is no
quorum, is not ascertained; and that if there be a
call for the yeas and nays in the mean time, it is in
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announced the
fact that there was no quorum.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I move that
there be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. A motion has been made to
adjourn, which takes precedence.
Mr. ABERCROMEIE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn. .
[Cries of " Oh, no !"and " Take tellers !"]
Mr. ABERCROMEIE. Very well, I withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. VENABLE. I ask for tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Marshall,
of California, and Savage were appointed.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the negative—ayes 42, noes 75.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on the motion submitted
by Mr. Fowler, that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union; and being
put, the motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of House
bill No. 207, " to supply deficiencies of appropri-
ations for the services of the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1852," and that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Horsford] was entitled to the
floor.
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE.
Mr. HORSFORD delivered a speech in sup-
port of the bill heretofore reported, proposing the
establishment of an Agricultural Bureau. He
earnestly spoke in behalf of the farmers; pressed
the importance of the subject, and showed the
advantages which would result from the measure
proposed. [His speech will be found in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. ASHE stated that he would take the lib-
erty, which had been accorded to others, of pub-
lishing some remarks which he had prepared.
[Mr. A.'s speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. SNOW then submitted some remarks upon
Mr. Bennett's bill, " making grants of lands to
aid in the construction of railroads, and for other
purposes," which will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. WELLS nextobtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. SCHOONMAKER, who moved that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
Thecommittee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr.
Stuart) reported that the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union had, according to order,
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the deficiency appropriation bill, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
On motion by Mr. CARTTER, the House then
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
lly Mr. APPLETON, of Maine : The petition of James
Merrill and others, for an increase of pay to assistant mar-
shals.
liy Mr. COBB : The petition of N. W. Perry in relation
to Ins claim against the United States.
Also, the petition of H. Hargis, praying for a pension.
By Mr. BJ3RNHISEL: The petition-^!' a number of
citizens of Tooele county, m the Territory of Utali, asking
Congress to establish a post route from Great Salt Lake
city to Tooele city, in sani Territory.
By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The memorial and reso-
lutions adopted by the inhabitants of the town of Milton, in
the county of Wayne, and State of Indiana, recommending
