'2480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 80.
are declared to be, and are established post roads for the
passage of the mails of the United States, and that the
Whetting and Belmont Bridge Company are authorized to
have and maintain their said bridges at their present sue
and elevation ; and the officers and crew of all vessels and
boats navigating said river are required to regulate the use
of tbeirsaid vessels and boats, and of any pipes and chim-
neys belonging thereto, so as not to interfere with the eleva-
tion and construction of said bridges.5'
Mr. CARTTER. Is it competent to take a
separate vote upon the two sections.
The SPEAKER. The two must be voted upon
as a whole.
Mr. GARTTER. One of these bridges is not
ten feet high.
Mr. EDGrERTON. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. The matter contained in the
amendment is indivisible. Both of the bridges
are embraced in each of these separate sections.
The question being upon the adoption of the
above sections,
Mr. CARTTER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Is it in order
to move to suspend the rules that I may offer a
resolution?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. Is it in order
to move to take a recess for two hours?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House is act-
ing under the operation of the previous question.
•The question was then taken on the adoption
of the sixth amendment, and there were—yeas 92,
nays 42; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A«he, A vcrett, Thomas H. Bayly, Beale,
Bocock, Braga, Breckinridge, Brenton, Briggs, Albert G.
Brown, George H. Brown, Buell, Caldwell, Thompson
Campbell, Caskie, Chastam, Cliurchwell, Clark, Cleve-
land, CUngnian, Cobb, Colcock, Conger, Daniel, George
T. Davis, Dawson, Poekery. Doty, Eastman, Edgerton,
Edmundson, Evans, Ewmg, Faulkner, Fickhn, Freeman,
Gaylord, Goodenow, Gorman, Hall, Hamilton, Hammond,
. Harper, Hart, Houston, Thomas Y. How, Jackson, Jen-
kin*, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Daniel T.Jones,
Rutins, Letcher, JjOdthart, Mann, Mai un, Mason, Mc-
Queen, Meade, Miller, Millson, Molooy, John Moore,
Murphy,. Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Samuel W. Packer,
Penmnian, Perkins, Polk, Porter, Powell, Price, Riddle,
Robie, Savage, Schermerhom, Schoolcraft, Scudder, Stan-
ly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Stone,
Strother, Sweetser, Thompson, Venable, Wallace, Walsh,
Watkins, Wilcox, and Woodward—9*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, Bibighaus,
Cartter, Curtis,Dean, Dummck,Duncan, Florence, Floyd,
Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Gamble, Gilmorej Haws, Ilav'en,
Hebard, Howard, John W. Howe, Ingprsoll, J. Glancy
Jones, George G. King, Kurtz, MeNair, Hpnry D. Moore,
Morehead, Morrison, Andrew Paiker, Robbing Ross,
Sehoonmaker. Skelton, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Thad-
deus Stevens, Sutherland, Townshuiid, Tuck, Walbridge,
Washburn, Addison White, and Wildrick—4*2.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate to the title of the
bill was read and agreed to, as follows, viz: add
to the title the words "and for other purposes."
MILITARY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, for the purpose of taking up the military
appropriation bill, which has a great many amend-
ments to it.
Mr. STANLY. I suggest to the gentleman
from Alabama, that he move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further consid-
eration of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I prefer that course, and if
there is no objection, I withdraw my motion and
allow the gentleman from NorthXJarolina to make
the motion indicated by him.
Mr. STANLY. I make that motion.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a question of privilege. I
move to reconsider the vote by which the civil and
diplomatic bill was passed.
The SPEAKER. Did the gentleman vote in
the affirmative?
Mr. COBB. I did.
The .SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Alabama will be entered, but there is a
motion pending which must be first considered by
the House.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanly's
motion to discharge the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union from the further consid-
eration of the Army appropriation bill, and it was
agreed to.-
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask that that bill be
taken up and read.
Mr. HlOUSTON. There are a great many
amendments to the bill, and should a debate arise,
we never will get through. I therefore move the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. We have discharged the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the military bill; but there
is a rule which requires that it shall be considered
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. Is it the unanimous consent of the House
that that rule be suspended?
There was no objection, and the rule was sus-
pended.
The call .for the previous question was then
seconded, and the main question ordered to be
put.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the Senate
amendments:
The 4th amendment of the Senate, inserting in
page 5 the clause below, was considered and agreed
to, viz:
" For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army serving
on the Coast Survey, the payment of which is no longer made
by the Quartermaster's Department, $4,500."
The 1st, 2d, 3d, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th amend-
ments were considered, and rejected. Vide report
of Committee of Conference.
The 9th amendment of the Senate was consid-
ered and agreed to, as follows:
9th. After the first section, add:
" For payment to PriscillaD. Twiggs, of the amount of
the pay and allowances which would have accrued to her
son George D. Twiggs, had he been regularly in service as
a second lieutenant of Infantry, from the 1st day of June,
1847, the date on which lie left the, United States, to the
12th of August in the same year, when he fell in battle at
the National Bridge, Mexico, $230 33."
The 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th amend-
ments of the Senate were then considered, and re-
jected. Yide report of Committee of Conference.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The House
is rejecting all of these Senate amendments, and I
propose that they be disagreed to in mass and sent
to a Committee of Conference.
Mr. KING, of New York. I object.
The 15th, 16th, 17th, 18th, and 19th Senate
amendments were then considered and rejected.
Yide report of Committee of Conference.
The 20th amendment of the Senate was read
and agreed to, as follows:
Add at the end of the bill after section 9th:
tl Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That there be ap-
propriated as aforesaid to refund to the State of North Caro-
lina the amount of money advanced and transportation fur-
nished to volunteeis from that State during the late war with
Mexico, the sum of $9,382 53."
The 21st amendment was read, as follows:
Add as a new section at the end of the bill after
section 10:
" Sec. ii. And be it further enacted, That there be ap-
propriated as aforesaid, for refunding to the State of Mich-
igan, the amount advanced by said State in organizing, sub-
sisting and transporting volunteers previous to their being
mustered into the service of the United States during the
late war with Mexico, $20,000; which said sum, or so much
thereof as shall be necessary to pay and cancel the claim of
said State as presented and now on file in the office of the
Third Auditor of the Treasury Department, together with
the interest a^ aforesaid on said claim from the time said ad-
vances were made by said State, shall be paid by the Secre-
tary ofthe Treasury to the Governor or other proper officer
of the said State of Michigan."
The question was put, and upon a division,
there were—ayes 35, noes not counted.
Mr. STUART. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton of
Tennessee, and White were appointed.
The question was again put, and the amend-
ment was disagreed to, the tellers having reported
—ayes 40, noes not counted.
The 22d,23d, 24th, and 26th amendments of
the Senate were then considered and rejected. [See
report of Committee of Conference.]
The 25th amendment was read, as follows:
Add, as a new section, at the end of the bill after
section 14;
u Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That in the settle-
ment of the claims of the State of Geoigia, under the provis-
ions ofthe act ofthe 11th of August, 1842, providing for
the settlement of the claims of Georgia for the services of
her militia, which have heretofore been suspended or disal-
lowed, the accounting officers of the Treasury Department
allow and pay, upon proof that the State has allowed and
paid the same, all accounts for forage, subsistence, hospital
stores, medical services, and transput tation, which have not
been heretofore allowed by the United States. That for the
pay of mounted infantry the pay of cavalry be allowed, the
same to be paid out of the fund appropriated by the act of
11th August,
The question was put upon the amendment,
and upon a division there were—ayes 23, noes 64;
no quorum.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Stanton of
Tennessee, and Chandler were appointed.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was again put, and the amendment
was rejected, the tellers having reported—ayes 34,
noes not counted.
Mr. WASHBURN. The amendment with
regard to the payment of advances to the State of
Maine was rejected. I move that the vote by
which it was disagreed to be reconsidered. There
can be no Rort of question as to the justice of the
claim. It has been audited.
[Cries of " Order !" " Ord,er !"]
Mr. CLEVELAND. The gentleman was not
present, and therefore cannot move to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment he refers to was
rejected.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot know that
officially.
A motion was made that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table; and it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following amendment of the
Senate:
" 57th. Add at the end of the bill, as a new section, after
section 16th, the following:
"Sec. 17. Jind be it jurt her enacted, That the accounts of
Adjutant General Roger Jone^ shall be settled by the ac-
counting officers of ibe Treasury according to equity and
justice, and in such manner as to allow the pay and emol-
uments of his commission of adjutant general from the time
of the reduction of the Army in 1821 to March 7,1825, when
he was restored to his rank and "^commission in the staff of
the Army: Provided, That the pay and emoluments of cap-
tain of artillery during the same period be deducted there-
from."
Mr. JONES, of-Tennessee. That is a private
claim, and ought not to be allowed here.
The question was put upon the amendment, and
upon a division there were—ayes 65 
Mr. ROBBINS. I demand-tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chandler
and St. Martin were appointed.
The question was again put, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—the tellers having reported—-
ayes 91, noes 32.
Mr. CLEYELAND. I desire, with the con-
sent of the House, to move that we take a recess.
[Cries ofii I object!" i( 1 object!" " 1 object!"]
The 28th, 29th and 30th amendments of the
Serjate, proposing to add sections 18, 19, and 20,
were considered and rejected. See report of Com-
mittee of Conference.
The amendments having been disposed of—
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, asked permis-
sion to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That there be paid out ofthe contingent fund
of the House to the employees thereof, including the-police
ofthe Capitol, and such regular laborers and lamp-lighters
on the public grounds around the Capitol as have heretofore
been included in similar resolutions, and the two watchmen
on the wings of the Capitol, the usual extra compensation
allowed at the close of a session.
Mr. STANTON. Before the previous question
is put, I wish to include the watchmen on the
Capitol.
Mr. SKELTON. I object to the resolution.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing it.
The question was then taken, and there were—
ayes 80, noes not counted.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, demanded tellers;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Chand-
ler, and Stanton of Tennesse, acting as tellers,)
and there were—ayes 100, noes not counted.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask my col-
league, as a matter of justice, to except, in giving
this compensation, those who receive the increased
compensation provided for in the civil and diplo-
matic bill. I ask that the amount they shall re-
ceive under that shall be deducted from this.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] whether
the amount of increased compensation by the per-
centage provided for in the civil and diplomatic
bill will amount to $20 to these employees, inas-
much as it does not commence until the present
fiscal year commences?
