706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 0,
political system; and unless provided against, they
will prove the precursors of our common rum.
The sources ef rtis danger are multiplying,-and
will before many years, manifest themselves in
new and still more formidable aspects.
The rapid increase pf our population; the peo-
pling of the .Northwest, of California, of New-
Mexico,Utah, and ofTexas,and thegrowth of the
West, gratifying as they are in many respects, all
presen "causes of intense anxiety to the consider-
ate statesman and the true patriot. The seeds of
discord are numerous and fearful; and, unless
counteracted, will multiply and become more dan-
gerous, till at length they will destroy the Republic.
Our Government is not destined to fall, as other
Governments have fallen, beneath the blows of
a conquering soldiery. From without, we need
fear nothing. United we can defy the world in
arms, and from within, the first attempt to coerce
by arms any respectable portion of our Confeder-
acy into submission to what they deemed an un-
just and oppressive Government, would array the
sentiment of-the nation so strongly 111 favor of the
disaffected party, that the Government would find
itself powerless to force submission. Oar Gov-
ernment lives and moves and has its being in the
affections of the people, and when this is with-
drawn, it will cease to exist. It will die as does
the animate form when the breath of life has
ceased to infuse itself into the system.
But how can these dangers be averted? I
answer by pointing to the experience of the past,
and to the present prosperous condition of our
country. What has effected it ? What has
cheapened travel and transportation ? What has
multiplied intercourse and increased trade ? The
steam engine. By its agency the trade of the
great West has emptied its treasures upon theGulf
and the Atlantic, and received in return the mer-
chandise of our great cities. The cotton of the
South found a market in the North, and the trade
of the North an outlet in the South. North and
South, East and West, our people have mingled
with each other, visiting by thousands and tens
of thousands yearly the most remote sections of
our country—each feeling impressed hourly with
the great practical truth that the thousands of
miles which he traverses is but the domain of
nur country, and that the millions whom he meets
are brothers of the snmegreat family. The native
of the South or of the far West visits the place
among the hills of New England where his fathers
dwelt, and as he surveys each spot sacred in the
tradition of his family, or lingers with melan-
choly pleasure around the tomb which protects
their mortal remains, he feels that there is a tie
which binds that spot to his far-distant home. He
is not. a stranger there. It was the country of his
forefathers. It i1; his country; r.ud he congratu-
lates himself that when Ins course is run, that he
and they shall rest beneath the soil of a common
country, and, though separated by thousands of
miles, that the same banner shall fiins; its protect-
ing folds over him and them,and that banner shall
be the stars and the stripes of his nutire land.
Thus morally, socially, politically does intercourse
operate upon the minds of our people, dispelling
prejudice, expanding thought and affection, and
making individual and collective mind to identify
itself with and to grasp our whole country in its
conceptions and aims.
The greater this intercourse the greater will be
our homogeneousness as a nation, and the less that
intercourse the greater will be the alienation of one
section from another, and the more rapidly will be
hastened that catastrophe which we have so much
cause to apprehend, and against which we are
called upon so imperiously to provide. As a Gov-
ernment we should provide against it, and as a
Government we have the means of providing against
it. Thnt same Providence who has heretofore
watched over our fortunes, and shielded us from
past dangers, has furnished us with the means of
pitniding against this; and those means are our
public amis. With them we can build railroads
through our whole country, which will bind us
together, and preserve our institutions and form of
Government for ages to come. I will not enter
into a calculation to show that the General Gov-
ernment would be benefited in the matter of dollar
and cents, by an increased value given to the lands
reserved to the Government along the line of the
roads, though I think it might be easily demon-
strated. I will not undertake to prove that the
development of the trade and resources of one sec-
tion of the country is a benefit to all the rest, but
X place my appeal, in behalf of grants of public
lands, upon higher grounds —the preservation of
our country and the perpetuity of the Republic.
There is no mode in which we can effect such
works, so free from constitutional objections, so
easy of performance,- so certain of success,- and'
I may add, now so beneficial to the country in
effects outside of the grand object—the building of j
the roads. The question for us to determine is j
not, as some are disposed to regard it, whether we j
shall give away so many millions of acres of land |
for the benefit of the States where the lands lie, ,
but it is, whether we shall appropriate those lands j
in such a manner as to avert from our Govern- t
ment the most formidable dangers which threaten .
it, and convert them into means of support and |
defense; whether we shall hold on to our lands ,
until our title to them shall be swept from us by 1
the shock of internal convulsion, or the storm of:
revolution; or whether we shall wisely apply them !
in such a manner as to secure to ourselves, and '
those who are to come after us, the blessings of
Peace, Liberty, and a written Constitution. I
It is idle, it is worse, it is criminal in us to shut
out from our viesv the dangers which are ahead j
of us. It is folly to disregard the experience of ,
the past, or to overlook the natural operation of j
causes of alienation which exist in our social and |
political system. It is the part of wise men and i
faithful public servants to thoroughly investigate, j
and as near as may be, arrest or provide against ,
all events which threaten the public weal. Let us, '
then, march up to the standard of our destiny,
and as patriots and American statesmen, without
regard to petty interests or sectional feeling, do
our duty to our whole country.
Mr. Chairman, the men of the present Con-
gress maintain a most responsible position to the
country, to the world, and to posterity. The
swelling magnitude of this nation demands en-
larged views and liberal legislation. We live in
an age of progress, and it depends upon us
whether that progress be sound, judicious, health-
ful, or whether it shall be wild, reckless, ruinous.
This progress will go on, we cannot arrest, but
we may divert it. We are afloat upon the sea of
destiny, but our fate is in our own hands. A
wise policy leads us to unbounded prosperity and
unequuled glory, an unwise policy to bitter ca-
lamity and enduring shame. We canfiot fit the
garments of a child to the limbs of a giant, nor
can we adapt a narrow, sectional, and selfish
policy to the condition and career of this great
and growing country. Then I make an appeal to
the House in behalf of the country, the whole
country, its present interest, and the interests of
those who are to come after us.
I do not ask this House to grant lands to
tins road for the sake of benefiting the people
of Alabama alone. I place myself upon safer, _    
and more enduring grounds. I ask you to give jj entirely disregarded the law governing the case.
I I, v-* n ♦ ft tlv A O fntA A     >   1
nected with Mobile and New Orleans, and thus by
the building of this road, steam communication
will be obtained over near six hundred and fifty
miles of this great inland route from the north-
eastern to the southwestern extremity of the coun-
try. The importance of such a route as this,
from Portland to New Orleans, will be admitted
by everyone. In war it would constitute our surest
and readiest means of defense, ami in peace the
strongest ligament of our Union and nationality.
The company for building this road was organ-
ised alittlemore than two years since. The stock
subs'-ribeuamounts to $1,180,000. The route
has been surveyed. A part of the road is now
finished, and by the first of August next sixty
miles will have been completed. Eighty miles
beyond this is under contract, and a large portion
of it graded; and for the remainder, subscriptions
have been had, and every effort is being made to
.complete the work. But the difficulties attending
iftn undertaking of this kind among an agricultural
people, are perhaps known only to those who have
made the effort among such a people. We Have
the will to do all in our power for this great pro-
ject, but if left to accomplish it by our unaided
efforts, the work must be retarded for years. With
the assistance provided in this bill, we can finish
the road in a short time.
Then,since you, as well as ourselves, are to be
the beneficiaries of the undertaking; since the
whole country is to share in the good which will
flowjrom it, I ask for this grant in the name of
the people whom I represent, and m behalf of the
people of the whole Union.
Mr. ORR demanded the previous question.
Mr..JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of ta-
king up the special order.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PHELPS. I rise to a question of privilege.
I hold in my hand the petition of A. W. Reyn-
olds, of New Mexico, contesting the right of Rich-
ard H. Weightman to a seat on this floor, as
Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico.
The petitioner charges that in the election which
took place m the month of September last, under
the Governor's proclamation, no sufficient notice
was given of the time of holding said election, and
that m some portions of the Territory no notice
was given at all.
The petitioner charges, also, that corrupt influ-
ences were exerted by Governor Calhoun in that
election, and that gross frauds were perpetrated;
that the election laws governing the Territory were
disregarded, and that votes were cast upon another
day than the day upon which the election was to
be held, according to the proclamation of the Gov-
ernor.
The petitioner further charges, that in casting
up the votes for the purpose of deciding who was
entitled to the certificate of election, the Governor
lands to the State of Alabama to secure a great
national good. I ask the indulgence of the House
for a few moments, while I call attention to the
present condition of this road, and to some of its
, features in a national point of view. A glance at
[ the map of the United States presents a remark- |
able continuation of valleys northeast and south- j
west, reaching from the State of Pennsylvania to j
the Gulf of Mexico. Along this line are no navi- |
gable rivers and no natural facilities for steam 1
, communication. Our great rivers all diverge either ,
I to the east or to the west; but along these extended |
and beautiful valleys nature points out to man the !
j locality for building artificial means of transport- I
I ation and travel, which shall excel even the capa- i
cious Mississippi. From Portland, in Maine, to
Washington, the communication by railroads is i
i now complete. From this city, tinough Western !
; Virginia and East Tennessee, to Balton, in Geor- ;
gia, (with the exception of the distance from Char- j
i lotteto Lynchburgin, Virginia—sixty-five miles,) ]
! railroads are chartered, and are either complete or j
; under contract for the entire route. From Dalton j
, to the Alabama and Tennessee river railroad, a i
distance of about ninety miles, there are several !
; practicable routes. The Alabama and Tennes- !
see railroad, in length about two hundred and j
ten miles, reaches from Selma, upon the Alabama ]
river, to Gunter's Landing, and fills up by far the '
I most formidable interval of roads from Maine to I
! Louisiana. By the Alabama river, Selma ifi con- ^
I do not propose to express any opinion upon
the allegations contained mthis memorial, or as to
the right of the honorable gentleman from New
Mexico to his seat upon this floor, but I will move
that the petition be referred to the Committee of
Elections, and be printed; and upon that motion I
propose merely to advert briefly to the course pur-
sued by the Governor of the Territory in this elec-
tion. It must be recollected 
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, (interrupt-
ing.) I rise to a question of order. A gentleman
rising to a question of privilege cannot interpolate
upon itamotion to print, andon that motion have
a righr to speak.
The SPEAKER. It was competent for the
gentleman from Missouri to present the petition,
state briefly its contents, as he has done, and move
that it be referred to the Committee of Elections
and be printed. It is regularly before the House,
and the Chair thinks that the question of printing
is debatable.
Mr. MARSHALL. My proposition is, that a
motion to print does not come within the range oF
privilege, and cannot, therefore, supersede the
business before the House. The gentleman may
make the motion to print, but it cannot take pre-
cedence of the bill which was pending when he
interposed his question of privilege.
Mr. PHELPS. The subject-matter contained
in the memorial is a proper subject of discussion.
Mr. STANLY* I suggest to the gentleman
