248-2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 80,
Mr. KING. Then that motion must be first
put.
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending,
made by the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] to suspend the rules, which must first be
put.
Mr. HOUSTON. I withdraw the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HART. I renew it.
The SPEAKER. The other motion being first
made, and being of equal dignity, must be first
put.
Mr. HART. It was out of order, as I under-
stood the Chair, to consider that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] withdrew his motion to go
into committee. The gentleman from Missis-
sippi was recognized by the Chair, and submitted
a motion to suspend the rules, and it is in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Brown's
motion; and on a division, there were—ayes 72,
noes 66.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now renew my motion to
suspend the rules and go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The question was then put upon Mr. Hods-
ton's motion, and it was agreed to. .
FORTIFICATION BILL.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into t'ne Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the fortification
appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I regret exceed-
ingly that after there was a sort ofunderstanding
between the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, that we were to have an hour to dis-
cuss this bill, that we should be cut down to fifteen
minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want an hour.
Mr. BAYLY. The understanding was, that I
should have fifteen minutes.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no idea of taking up
my hour.
Mr. BAYLY. I choose to say that, because
the gentleman can occupy his hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I choose to say that I told
the gentleman, before he commenced his remarks,
that I was not going to take my hour.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 move a substitute for the bill,
which I send to the Clerk's desk.
The substitute was then read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Be «/ enactcd hi the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimerica in Congress assembled, That
liio lullovvint; sums be, ami they are hereby, appiopnatcd,
to he paid out of any mrmry in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopnated, toi the preset vation ami repair of certain for-
tihcation*, foi the vfjai ending the aoth of June, 18.%:
For repairs of Fort Mackinaw, Michigan, $.2,000.
Foi defensive works and canals, near Detroit, Michigan,
(Foi t Wayne,) .^ir>,0(!0.
Tdi repair* of Foil Omano, New York, $9^0.
For foil at outlet of Lake Champlain, (Fort Montgom-
ery,) ^1.5,000.
For defensive works and canals at narrows of Penobscot
rivoi. (Fort Knox,) .<j'*20.000.
For ifpaiin of Fort Preble, Portland harbor, Maine,
$l,0l!0.
For purchase ot land for extension of site of Fort Pieble,
£10,500.
For Fort Winthrop, Governor's Island, Boston harbor,
$m,000.
For Fort Wan pn, Boston harbor, $30,000.
For repair^ of Foi t Independence, Boston harboi,$10,000.
For Fort Adams, and permanent quarters and canals
thereat, $3."),000.
For Fort richuyler, Long Island Sound, New York,
SI 5,000.
Foi repairs of Fort Columbus and Castle William, New |
York, $4,o00. I
For repairs of Fort Wood, and sea-wall, permanent wharf, '
and hospital, Bedlow's Island, New York, §20,000. j
For Fort Hamilton, and permanent wharf thereat, j
§10,000. 1
For Fort Richmond, Staten Inland. New York. $00,000.
Foi Fort Delaware, Pea Patch I&Jand, Delawaie liver,
£.V),000.
Foi repairs of Fort Mifflm. Delaware river, $-2 000.
For fort at Sailers' Point Flats, Baltimore harbor, (Fort
Cairoll.) *50.00').
For Fort Monrop, Hampton Roads, Virginia, £20,000.
For rt-pairs of Fort Caswell, Cape Fear'river, North Car-
ol in'i, $5,000.
For preservation  f the site of Fort Caswell, North Caro-
lina, %2,000.
For repairs of Fort Macon, Beaufort harbor, North Car-
olina, $2,000.
For preservation of the site of Fort Macon, North Caro-
lina, $1,000.
For Fort Sumter, Charleston harbor, South Carolina,
$40,000.
For lepairsof canals and quarters at Fort Johnson, South
Carolina ^1,'200.
For pieservation of the site of Fort Johnson, including
repairs of wharf, $4,200.
For dyke to Drunken Dick Shoal, Charleston hai hor, South
Carolina, $10,000.
For repairs oi Castle Pinckney, Charleston harbor, South
Carolina, $800.
For Fort Pulaski, including canals and quarters, Savan-
nah river, $15,000.
For tort at entrance to Cumberland Sound, Georgia,
$25,000.
For Fort Barrancas and canals thereat, Pensacola harbor,
£35,000.
For Fort St. Rio, Pensacold harbor, Florida, $15,000.
For repairs of Fort Morgan, and for additional canals and
quarters thereat, Mobile Bay, Alabama, $15,000.
For repairs of Fort Jackson, Mississippi river, Louisiana,
$20,000. 1 , . |
For repairs "of Fort St. Philip and canals thereat, Missis-
sippi river, 000. . I
For repairs ot Fort Pike, and for additional canals theieat,
$4,000.
For repairs of Fort Macomb, (formerly Fort Wood,)
and for additional canals thereat, $10,000.
For fort hi Key West, Floiida, $50,000.
For foi 1 at Garden Key, Florida, $50,000.
Foi canals and store-houses at Fort Niagara, New York,
$10,0u0.
For repairs of Fort Jackson, Savannah river, Georgia,
$20,000.
For repairing a breach in the breakwater constmcted for
fVie protection ot the site of Fort Sumter, Charleston har-
bor, South Carolina, $12,300.
Mr. B. said: After the suffering to which the
country was subjected in the late war with Great
Britain, there was appointed a mixed hoard of
Army and Navy officers, assisted by General Ber-
nard, who was the favorite engineer of Napoleon,
to perfect our fortifications. Well, sir, there have
been expended on these fortifications, and such as
were constructed subsequently to the revolution-
ary war, and prior to the late war, the sum of
$20,698,536; and the amount that is asked in my
substitute—notonlytopreseive and to repair those
forts that tire completed, but to carry on the con-
struction of two or three forts of the utmost import-
ance—is less than three per cent, of the whole
cost, or about three per cent. But if you take the
old forts, the cost is little more than two per cent,
to carry on their construction and keep them in
repair. The percentage upon the whole is raised
by the construction of four forts. Port Delaware,
on Pea Patch Island, for theprotection of Philadel-
phia; Soller'sPoint, to protect the city of Baltimore;
and for a fortification at Key West, and one on
the dry Tortugas. A large amount of the appro-
priation that that bill asks for, for those works
which are not already completed, are for those in
the Gulf of Mexico. Everybody knows, I be-
lieve, that I have 110 interest in this matter, but
anybody who will look at it will see the necessity
for those fortifications to which I have referred.
The whole commerce of the Gulf of Mexico would
be terribly exposed but for those fortifications.
Sir, Great Britain commands the southern outlet
from the Gulf of Mexico by her fortifications in
Jamaica; and Spam, by hers at Havana, has the
control of the northern pass, and then Mexico has
Vera Cruz or S.\n Juan, and there is not a solitary
point in the Gulf of Mexico where a single vessel 1
laden with our commerce could, for one moment, I
find shelter to protect it from a British fleet. There j
is not a solitary point where one of our men-of- !
war, m the event of its being overpowered by a
British fleet, could find shelter. These are not for-
tifications, as gentlemen suppose,of the character
that has been condemned. They are not land for-
tifications, but are places for the shelter of our
commerce and our Navy. The whole appropria-
tion asked for to preserve, continue, and perfect
these works is about three and a half per cent, on
the amount expended already. Well, now, when
the Government, under the control and advise-
ment of a board of Navy and Army officers, as-
sisted by Bonaparte's favorite engineer, has pro-
jected these works, and we have expended twenty
millions upon them, is it good economy to let
them go to ruin, when the small appropriation
asked is about three and a half percent, on the
whole cost?
[The Speaker having temporarily resumed the
chair for the purpose—
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have parsed the bill of the
House (No. 273) entitled "An actmakingfuitherprovision
tor the satisfaction of Virginia military land warrants,"
without amendment.
The Senate inuvton their amendments disagreed to by
the House, to the bill of the House (No. 241) entitled " An
act making appropriation for the service of the Poj-t Office
Depaitment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1853," and ask a conference of the House thereon ; and
have appointed Mr. Miller, Mr. Rusk, and Mr. Felch
manageis of the said conference on the part of the Senate.
The Senate also insist on their amendments disagreed to
by the House to the bill of the House (No. 220) entitled
" An act making appropriation for the support of the Army
for the year ending 30th of June, 1853," and a=k a confer-
ence with the House thereon ; and have appointed Mr.
Bright, Mr. Dawson, and Mr. Brodhead managers at
the said conference 011 the part of the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, by unanimous
consent, it was
Ordered, That the House insist on their disagreement to
the amendment? of the Senate to the bill of the House
(No. 220) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1863, and agree
to a conference with the Senate thereon.
Mr. Houston, Mr. Stanly, and Mr. Gorman
were appointed managers at the said conference
on the part of this House.]
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. 1 am opposed
to the substitute of the gentleman from Virginia,
but I have no idea of consuming five minutes of
the precious time of the House in discussing it.
I simply want to express the opinion that, in my
judgment, these fortifications, take them at large,
are great humbugs. The fortification before the
city of Vera Cruz was admitted to be the strongest
in the world, or amongst the strongest. Military
men said that it could not be taken. General Scott
went there with an inferior force, and invested and
took it in a little less than twenty-four hours.
A beautiful commentary upon all your fortifica-
tions! I hope this fortification bill will be dis-
posed of very shortly.
Mr. WALSH. I move to amend the substitute
by reducing the first appropriation five dollars.
Now, sir, although General Scott succeeded in
destroying the castle at Vera Cruz, it had defied
several Powers before that; and there is not a man
superior to General Scott, or his equal, so far as
military genius is concerned. That fortification
was supposed, by all military and scientific men,
to be impregnable. Sir, it is no argument at all
against fortifications, that they are sometimes
taken. But, sir, I propose to say that, if the sys-
tem of fortifications is unjust, then this bill is
unjust. We have heard a great deal about favor-
itism in regard to rivers and harbors, but this bill
professes to proceed upon the principle that only
such appropriations are to be made as will keep
works actually in existence in proper repair. Now
this is a most unjust principle, because New York
harbor has already three or four forts, and Bos-
ton harbor and other harbors in the country are
amply protected against the invasion of foreign
forces; but you are to do nothing for Baltimore;
you are not to give her the slightest protection,
because her fort is not two thirds finished. What
justice is there in that? If you want to carry out
a just system, abandon the fortifications elsewhere
and leave them precisely in the condition in which
you leave that portion of the Atlantic coast in the
vicinity of the city of Baltimore. What justice
is there in making appropriations for the repair of
fortifications which are to guard our coast against
a foreign foe at one point, and leaving a great
mart of trade, like the city of Baltimore, which is
destined to become still larger and more important
when our chain of internal improvements is com-
pleted, entirely exposed? Within the last five or
ten years, this city of Baltimore has extended
along the line of the Patapsco, far below old Fort
McHenry, which maintained in the late war that
gallant defense, and at this moment, in case of an
invasion by a foreign naval force, she would be
wholly unprotected. Under these circumstances,
appropriations are recommended by this Military
Committee, to keep up the defenses elsewhere,
and to extend the sites of defenses elsewhere, while
the solitary defense which Baltimore would have
if it was completed, is to remain in its present con-
dition. Now, if this system of fortifications is to
be broken down and the proper defenses of the
country destroyed, the Democratic party in this
House will be held responsible for it; and though
they may be sustained in their western fastnesses,
those upon the sea-board will have a voice on this
question, and will denounce their conduct.
M>\ GORMAN". Mr. Chairman, I am opposed
to this amendment. 1 am opposed to the whole
appropriation. I am opposed to any further ap-
propriations for our fortifications. It is a known
fact that thin House has heretofore rejected these
