1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1619
years. If the statement which the manager makes
be true, they made ten thousand nine hundred and
twenty bjsheis per yeir. In seven years, then,
they must have made seventy-six thousand four
hundred and forty bushels. At twenty-five cents
per bushel, which, he says, was the cost of manu-
facturing, the expense would have been $19,110,
which would leave a clear profit of $57,o30 for
the seven years. Now, if that is not enough
profit for the one hundred kettles carried out and
put up in that Indian territory, I do not know
what would be. This is the statement which the
manager makes. The testimony of the manager
was relied upon to prove the value of the prop-
erty, no doubt under the idea that the value of the
property was to be assessed, and that this pro-
ductiveness of it would show its high value, and
under the idea that the Government was to pay
the full value, and that $15,000 or $20,000 would
be allowed. But in proving the property to be so
valuable, it is perfectly manifest that the profit
was very great.
These kettles were only carried up once, though
they were used for seven ye&rs. What would be
the value of a salt kettle, alter being used for
seven years, my information does not aliow me
to state certainly; but I think I have knowledge
enough to say that it would be but small. They
speak, to be sure^of some expense and some diffi-
culty in getting the kettles up, because, they say,
they had to be carried in barges, they then having
no steam power to help them up the river. I have
not gone into a minute calculation to show what
would be the expense of carrying these one hun-
dred kettles, some in barges, and some in wagons
across the plains; nor do 1 know precisely what
they would be worth after they had been in use
for seven years. But I do say, that if the man-
ager, who swears that he was there from the com-
mencement to the end, was correct in his state-
ment; if they sold the salt, as he says they did, at
adollar a bushel, while the cost of manufacture was
only twenty-five cents a bushel, and if they made
the quantity which he says they did make, it is
manifest that in these seven years they made more
than §50,000 by it. These are the facts, accord-
ing to my examination of the testimony; and I
have gone through the whole of it, and taken ex-
tracts from every deposition and from every state-
ment.
It is said that these people had two farms which
they cleared and fenced while they were operating
there. It did not cost them much to clear the
ground, because all the wood which they took
from the ground was necessary m boiling the salt.
The laps of trees cut down for rails could be ben-
eficially used for purposes of that kind. The ex-
pense "of clearing was a necessary operation to
supply the salt works with wood. The making
of raits and fencing the ground was perhaps all
the labor, the balance of the wood being used ill
the salt works. They have received already,
under the act of Congress, three hundred and
twenty acres of land for that. If they were enti-
tled, because they were two partners, to have
three hundred and twenty acres each, why, the
committee ought to have reported in favor of giving
three hundred and twenty acres more, and then
they would have fared like everybody c-lsc: but
instead of giving them the three hundred and
twenty acres each for the two farms which they
had, the committee propose to give them nothing
for the additional farm, but to pay them $15,000
in money, under the idea that they have lost that
amount, so as to make the Government liable.
In that aspect of it, as a money claim, it ought to
have been referred to the Committee on Claims,
and they should have acted upon it; but regarding
it as a land claim, the Committee on Public Lands
ought to have given Messrs. Bean, as partners,
for their two farms, three hundred and twenty
acres, they having already received three hundred
and twenty acres for one farm.
This, to my mind, is the whole of this case. If
the Government on this state of the facts can pay
the S15.000, very well. It seems to me to be un-
just.'1 It seems to me, that the parties have been
fully compensated; and that they ran the risk ot
this compensation by the use ot the saline for the
seven years,'for which they had the use of it.
They asked permission thus to use it. The officers
of the Government did not interpose to say " no,'
and they were compelled to surrender the posses-
sion of the country when it was wanted in 1828.
But I think they have already been sufficiently ;i
compensated. I,
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. President, if, as the
Senator from Kentucky says, what he has pre-
sented, are the facts, and all the facts in the case, i1
probably the Senate will come to the same conclu- !
sion to which he has come, that this claim ought ,
not to be allowed; but while 1 know that he has /
stated only what he believes to be the facts—and to
the extent to which he has gone, he has stated ;
some of the facts—there areuther facts to be stated, ;
and another view to be presented in regard to the
connection of the facts which are to be considered,
and which will present the matter in a different |
light. I trust I am as little in the habit, as that i
Senator, or any one else, of advocating or favor- 1
in": claims against the Government which are not ;
well founded. I am generally considered, I be- !
heve, a little too stringent, and to go too far on ;
the other side. But this case has seemed to me,
from the first, to be so plain a claim, and so well ,
founded, that it has really astonished me, when 1 ;
have seen a gentleman so noted as the Senator !
from Kentucky is, for his exact habits of investi- i
gation, and knowledge of the facts, going so far
in opposition to what { consider to be the facts ill j
this case. i
The Senator from Kentucky drew a distinction
between an invitation from the officers of the
army to the Messrs. Bean to go upon this land.
and the permission to do so. As I stated a little
while ago, 1 think substantially and practically
they amount to the same thing. Why, if the
officers of the army had sent a thousand miles by
express to these gentlemen to come and per/bun
tins service, the very terms under which they would
have gone on the land would have been merely a
permission; and because General Arbuckle, in
his affidavit, states, what is the fact, that they went
on " by permission of MajorBradford,"amounts
to no more, as a fact, than lhat they went there by
authority, and not as trespassers on the land of
the Indians, or as trespasseis on the land of the
Government, not that they were there wrongfully,
but weie entitled, as American citizens, to exer-
ercise fully and freely the right to acquire property
by their labor, as also protection in the enjoyment
of that property.
I admit that "if they had gone there without per-
mission, they would not only have been subject
to removal by the officers of the army, but, would
have had no right to claim compensation for the
loss of their property. Going there, however,
by permission of lawful authority, they stood -on
the same footing as any other American citizens,
whether in that counfry or in any other country
under the jurisdiction of the United States, having
a right to acquire property and claiming protection
in the enjoyment of that property, and holding
the United States and ail other persons at defiance
when the property which they had lawfully ac-
quired was to be taken from them. If the Sena-
tor from Kentucky had read the memorial of these
gentlemen, and the affidavit of the officers of the
army, and other persons, he would have seen that
they not only went to this saline by the permis-
sion of the officers of the army, but that their
going there was to render a benefit not only to the
army in that section of the country, but to all the
white people occupying that region.
The report of the committee "has been before
the Senate so long, having been here two years
ago, that I do not deem it necessary to read it, or to
recapitulate all the facts which it contains and sets
forth, supposing it has been upon the tables of
Senators, and that they hove made themselves to
some extent acquainted with it. But, briefly, these
are the facts as the report of the committee sets
forth, and as the statements of the officers of the
United States Army, and otherrespectablepersons, j
made under oath, sustain.
In 1817 these gentlemen, as the Senator from
Kentucky has said, did discover this salt spring, .
and they did desire to make salt there; and noma
conference with an officer of the army, Major
Bradfoul, then comma ding on that frontier, it was
agreed between them that it wonM be for their
mutual benefit, and the benefit of the country;
otherwise the officer would not have dared to allow
them to go there. The gentlemen did themselves
believe that they would make money, and they
did commence at very great expense, and perhaps
under difficulties of more extraordinary hardships
than any men, who have ever pushed forward into
the wilderness and become pioneers of civilization,
have ever encountered. It is said by those who
know the facts, that it is doubtful whether any
other men m the western country could have ac-
complished what they did accomplish. They
are known to be of that old stock known to many
in Tennessee to have pushed far in advance of
civilisation into the wilderness, and established
that well-known point, so useful to the white
settlements afterwards, known as "Bean's Sta-
tion."
Inheriting the spirit of their father, they pushed
still further on. They went into the western
woods of Arkansas, and entered the country,
then a wilderness, on the Illinois river. After
discovering this saline spring, and completing
their arrangements with the commanding officer
at the nearest fort, they returned to the State of
Tennessee, and procured their salt kettles, and all
the apparatus necessary for the manufacture of
salt, and carried them down the Cumberland, the
Ohio, and the Mississippi, and up the Arkansas
rivers, and then fiotn sixty to a hundred miles—
not in wagons, as the Senator from Kentucky
stated—across the wilderness.
The Senator from Kentucky speaks of the value
of a single salt kettle after it has been in use for
seven years. The Senator knows that there was
a large number of these kettles, together with the
fixtures necessary to use them, which cost large
sums of money, to say nothing of the losses sus-
tained, the hardships encountered, and the ex-
posure of life and property arising from the fact
of their being on the borders of two hostile tribes
of Indians then at war with each other.
But, sir, alt this applies to their being in this
country, as the Senator from Kentucky says, with
the permission of the officers of the Government,
up to 1826'. As the advocate of this bill, and the
claim of those gentlemen, I might throw all that
aside. I might not ask for the least attention to
be bestowed on all the hardships they endured,
and all the expense which they incurred up to
1826, because, at that time, the country was open
to white settlers, and every one who went there
' prior to the treaty with the Cherokees, that is,
between the years 1826 and 1828, acquired all the
rights of citizenship, the right to acquire property,
and they cannot be deprived of that property
without the Government becoming responsible to
them for it. Now, the Senator from Kentucky
will not say that they were not there from the
year 1826 to the year 1828. He knows that they
were there by lawful authority, and without the
necessity of any permission, either from Major
Bradford or anybody else. The simple question
is, " Did they acquire a right of property after the
year 1826It is in proof here, tiiat they were
in possession of this property, and that it was
j valuable. It is proved by officers of the Army of
, the United States, and by others, that they were
in possession of property worth $30,000, and all
! concur m agreeing that it could not be worth less
than $15,000. That, then, was their situation be-
" tweeu 1826 and 1828. Up to 1826, as they state
in their affidavit, and as may be inferred from all
the statements of all the officers and witnesses,
they had made no money on their investment.
The hardships and difficulties they had encoun-
i tered, and the losses they had sustained, had been
;■ sufficient to counterbalance all the money they
' had received from the sale of their salt.
But after 1826, as these persons had anticipated,
: (and that was the consideration which had induced
' them to go there and make the improvements and
! establish the salt works,) they did begin to make
: money, because the white people poured into the
" country, and a very large demand was made for
the sail; so that they made up, m part, for the
losses they had previously sustained from thedep-
!i redations of the Indians. They were then free
1 from their former difficulties, and made their salt
in peace, and realized a profit for their expendi-
' ttires. But just as they began to do so, and to
receive some compensation for all their haidships
(and ali their expenses, the United States Govern-
ment made a treaty with the Cherokee Indians in
1828, by which every white person was required
to remove from the country forthwith, and, con-
sequently, the whole country came into the pos-
■ session of the Indians. There were no persons
, in that whole country who had any property, ex-
cept Mark and Richard H. Bean. The others
li were mere squatters on a few acres, and there is.
