2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 30,
Sec. 3. JindbeU further enacted. That from and after
the passage of this act, Fort Jefferson, on the north side of
Long Island, in the State of New York be, and the same
is hereby, made a port of delivery within the collection dis-
trict of the port of New York, and that a surveyor be ap-
pointed by the President, with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to reside at the said port of Fort Jefferson, who
sha/I have power to enrol] and license vessels to be em-
ployed in the coasting trade, and fisheries, and to enter,
and clear, and grant registers and other usual papers to ves-
sels employed in the whale fishery, under such restrictions
and regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury may deem
necessary, and who shall give the usual bond to perform
the usual duties in the manner prescribed, and be entitled
to receive the fees allowed by law to surveyors and collect-
ors for the same duties, and no more. But all cargoes
chargeable with duties shall be entered, and the duties paid
at the port ofNew York, before permission shall be granted
to discharge the same at Fort Jefferson.
Mr. HALL. I-trust the gentleman will allow
me to move the insertion of Hannibal, in the State
of Missouri.
Mr. D1MMICK. I object to the matter alto-
gether.
The SPEAKER. Objection comes too late,
as the bill has been introduced by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the previous question
upon the bill and amendment.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I wish to say
one word before the gentleman moves the previous
question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for a
moment, and yield to the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. SEYMOUR. This bill has passed the
Senate, and is presented in the form in which it
has been recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury. The amendment embraces three ports
upon the western waters, also recommended, and
for which the Committee on Commerce of this
House had prepared a bill, but which they have
been unable to report. It also includes one port
upon the Atlantic coast, They are all recom-
mended as ports of delivery, and are all needed for
the purposes of commerce.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. HALL. I only ask that Hannibal and
St. Joseph, in the State of Missouri, be included
in the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I decline yielding the
floor.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. DIMMICK. 1 move that the bill be laid
on the table.
The question was taken,and the House refused
to lay the bill upon the table.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
The bill was then, according to order, read a
third time.
The question then recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. T call for the previous
question.
The call for the previous question was sustained,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. CARTTER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Cleikof this House be diiected to
pay to Thomas Y. How, jr., any moneys due to Nathan
Kathbun, by virtue of any resolutions of tins House, to pay,
first, the expenses of the last sickness of said Nathan
Rathbun, now deceased, and his funeral expenses, and the
balances, if any, to Mary G. ltathbuti, the widow of said
deceased.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
introduced and passed.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. DUNCAN. -I move that the rules of the
House be suspended to enable me to move to take
up the bill making appropriations forlight-houses,
buoys, &c., which has just been returned from
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
taken up.
Mr. DUNCAN. I have only to say, that the
appropriations by the amendments of the Senate
are generally small in amount. They have made
appropriations for some additional buoys and one
or two light-houses. There is an appropriation
of $10,009, to be placed at the disposal of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, for light-boats, the repair
of light-boats, and providing means for the pres-
ervation of life. They have also made an appro-
priation of $150,000 for the completion of light-
houses in California and Oregon, which light-houses
were appropriated for m 1851.
Mr. WALSH. Plow much is appropriated
for the expenses of officers traveling in Europe?
Mr. DUNCAN. Nothing at all.
Mr. WALSH. Is there any appropriation to
defray the expenses of a lieutenant of the Navy
who is now traveling in Europe, as I understand,
with a portion of his family, at the public expense,
to ascertain the character of the French lights?
Mr. DUNCAN. There is no provision ofthat
character in the bill. Nothing of the kind is in-
sinuated with regard to the light-houses in Cali-
fornia, An appropriation was made, light-houses
were ordered to be built with superior lighting ap-
paratus, and with signals, for which only $15,000
apiece was appropriated. The Department has
endeavored to contract with suitable persons for
the erection of the light-houses; and I hold in my
hand a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
in which he urges upon the committtee the neces-
sity of making the additional appropriation in
order to carry into effect the intentions of Con-
gress. The committee move a concurrence with
all the amendments of the Senate. With this
brief explanation, I move the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
1st amendment of the Senate. Strike out the
following from page 2:
"For a lighthouse on the southend of Northern Fox
Island, at the entrance of Penobscot Bay, $5,000."
And insert the following, viz:
" For a light-house at the easterly end of the thorough-
fare between North Haven and Vinalhaven, or on Haven
Neck, as the Department shall determine, $5,000."
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was agreed to.
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate insist on their amendments
disagreed to by the House, to the bill of the House No. 314,
entitled u An act establishing certain post roads," and ask
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon. The Senate have appointed Mr. Rusk, Mr. Bor-
land, and Mr. Badger managers at the said conference on
the part of the Senate.
By unanimous consent, it was
Ordered, That the House insist on their disagreement to
the amendments or the Senate to the said bill, (No. 314,)
and agree to a conference with the Senate thereon.
The Speaker appointed Mr. Clark, Mr. Hall,
and Mr. Haven, managers at the said conference
on the part of the House.
The Qd, 3d, 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th,
11th, 12th, and 13th amendments of the Senate
were then severally considered and agreed to, as
follows:
"3d. For the erection of a harbor light on a point of
land lying west of the entrance of Buck's harbor, in Bronks-
ville, §3,500.
"3d. For the erection of beacons, buoys, and spindles
between Owl's Head and White Head light-houses, and
j through Muscle Ridge channel, §4,000.
- 4th. r'oi the erection of four buoys at Goldsborou«h, at
the following places: one on the northeast point of Calf
Jsandjone on the western point of the middle ground off
Stone Island, one on Half-tide Ledge, and one on a sunken
rock at the entrance of Flanders Bay, $200.
" 5th. For repairing or reconstructing the stone beacon on
Buck Ledge, Penobscot river, §500.
"6th. For onfe buoy in New Inlet, Great Egg Harboi, and
three buoys m Herford, $200.
" 7th. For a bell to be placed on one of the light-boats in
Chesapeake Bay, to be designated by the Secretary of the
Treasury, f$200.
"8th. For the removal of the light-house at Milwaukie,
and rebuilding the same at the end of the north point of
Milwaukie Bay, ,$5,000,
" 9th. For six hollow iron buoys for the waters of Cane
Fear, $1,3-20. '
"10th. For constructing three small or harbor light-
houses in Galveston Bay, namely: one at Red Fish Bar,
one at Clippers' Bar, and one at Half-Moon Shoal, $5,000,
in addition to the amount ($-20,000) already appropriated
for a light-house on Red Fish Bar.
" 11th. For the erection of a light-house at Santa Cruz,
California, .$30,000 ; for the completion of hght-houses in
California and Oregon, $120,000.
"J2th. For life-boats and other means for rendering as-
sistance to wrecked mariners and others on the coasts of
the United States, to be expended under the control and di-
rection of the Secretary of the Treasurv, $10,000.
" 13th. For testing the apparatus of Wilson Si Meacham
for illuminating light-houses, .§1,000, to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury."
The following section of the original bill was
read, as follows:
"Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all such reports
shall, as speedily as may be, be laid before the Secietary of
the Treasury, and if such as to authorize the work without
further legislation, he shall foitbwith proceed with it, other-
wise such reports shall be laid before Congress at the next
ensuing session; but in all cases where the person desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury under the fifth sec-
tion of this act, does not report such preliminary examin-
ation as expedient, the provisions of this act shall, without
delay, be carried into execution."
The 14th amendment of the Senate was as fol-
lows:
" Strike out from the above section the words ' under the
fifth section of this act,' and in the same page and line to
strike out the word ' not.'
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ments were agreed to.
Mr, HAMMOND. T ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up Senate bill No. 321,
for the relief of Z. F. Johnston. I ask that the
following extract from the report be read:
"That Commander Johnston was ordered by the Secre-
tary of the Navy to the Pacific ocean, and report to Com-
modore Thomas Ap C. Jones, for duty in the squadron
undet hiy command. In compliance with this ordei, Com-
mander Johnston reached San Francisco on the 20th of
November, 3848, and reported for duty a few days there-
after. Commodore Jones declined to assign him to duty,
but detained him awaiting orders. His reasons for so doing
are contained in his letter of the 27th of January, 1852, ad-
dressed to Commander Johnston, which has been laid be-
fore the committee. They are stated as follows:
" ' The reason why you were not placed in command on
' your joining the Pacific bquadron, was that there was no
' ship on the station without a commander at that time. My
' reasons for not permitting you to return home immediately*,
e were twofold; first, J wished to keep in reserve a reliable
' commander to meet any emergency that might happen in
' the squadron ; and, secondly, by your remaining on shore
1 you occupied a position for apprehending deserters from
<the squadron, and consequently of lessening desertion, by
e rendering escape more difficult. I may also add, that be-
' fore the arrival of the fiist of the steam-packets!, your
' return home would have been attended wuh gieat delay
'and expense to the Government, little, if any, short of
'what was necessary to maintain you on shore at San
' Francisco until an emeigency did arise which placed yon
'in an appropriate command.'
"Commander Johnston was thus detained, at heavy
charges, on shore, awaiting orders, under expenses far ex-
ceeding his pay. In refusing to allow these expenses, Mr.
Dayton, Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, remarks as fol-
lows ;
"' At the same time I have no hesitation in saying, that
'if I had possessed the necessary discretion, I would have
' admitted the claim, inasmuch as the expense was incurred
' under very extraordinary circumstances, m the discharge
e of your duty, and could not have been avoided. It is cer-
' tainly veiy hard that you should have been required to
£ expend the whole of your pay. and much more, for your
'personal subsistence, m consequence of your detention in
' a country where the means of living were exorbitantly
'high, after having proceeded there under the oiders of the
' Department, and with the reasonable expectation of re-
ceiving the command of a vessel immediately upon vour
c arrival, but which was not furnished you."'
Mr. GOODENOW. I desire to know if the
paper which has just been read, is a report from
any committee of this House or of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot inform
the gentleman.
Mr. POLK. I understand that the objection is
withdrawn.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. Yes, sir, I
withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
of the House that the bill should be taken up?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of takingup the bill.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules for the purpose of taking up the
bill, and it was decided in the affirmative.
The bill was accordingly taken from the Speak-
er's table, read the first and second time by its
title, ordered to a third reading, and subsequently
read the third time, and passed.
Here a message was received from the Senate
of the United States, by the hands of Asbury
Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, announcing that the
Senate insisted on its amendments to the naval
appropriation bill, and asked for a Committee of
Conference; and that the Senate had appointed
Mr. Pearce, Mr. Mallory, and Mr, Toucey,
managers at the conference on their part.
Mr. PHELPS. J ask that the Chair may ap-
point a Committee of Conference on the part of
the House.
There being no objection, it was so ordered; and
the Speaker appointed Mr. Phelps, Mr. Fred-
erick P. Stanton, and Mr. Thaddeus Stevens,
managers at the conference on the part of the
House.
