708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
$\n would lie at the do or of gentlemen of the
North. He hoped, then, that they would cease
their fanatic interference with the institutions of
the South, and, from this moment, that all would
forget the -ills which came well-nigh sinking the
ship of State. The time was not far distant when
we should see the peaceful triumphs of our exam-
ple, and seeing we have so great a destiny to ful-
let us be wise for the future,
*[See Appendix for Mr. W.'s speech.]
Mr. RANTOUL, next obtained the flour, and
addressed the committee during the hour.
He replied to his colleague, [Mr. Davis,] who
addressed the House on Saturday. He denied
some of that gentleman's positions and assertions,
and vindicated his uniform consistency on political
subjects for the last twenty years, challenging
proof to the contrary. He hctd condemned the
fugitive slavelaw in his own town, (Beverly,) and
Addressed a large audience upon the subject; and
therefore it was not likely that a few days after he
i strati ng against She further extension of Woodworks pat-
ent ior a planing machine.
ByMr. ASHK* The memorial of John McPberson and
others, remonstrating against the extension of the Wood-
worth patent for a p)amng machine.
By Mi. CONGEIt: The petition of Herman B. Ely and
others, in favor of the right of way and a donation of cer-
tain public lands to the State of Michigan, to aid in the
con^tiueliori of a railroad from Little Bay du Noquet to
Lake Superior, m *aid State of Michigan.
i A!>o, the memorial of George C. Nelson, assistant mar-
i <?hal for Kent county, Michigan, for additional compensa-
tion for taking the census ; and the petition of sundry citi-
i zens in favor of the samp object.
| Also, the petition of A. Coburn and others, for relief in
i reference to land titles m the Lake Superior land district, in
the State of Michigan.
By Mr. AIKEN: The petition of citizens of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, asking aid to the CoUms's line of
steamers.
By Mr. DOTY : The petition of citizen? of Milwaukie,
Wisconsin, in favor of the construction oi a navy-yard, in
connection with a dry-dock, in the valley of the Lakes.
By Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania :*Thc memorial of
twenty-two assistant marshals of Lancaster county, Penn-
«\!varjia, aa-king additional compensation for taking the
census.
By T. M. HOWE : The petition of James M. Cooper,
Also, the memorial of H. Miller and otheis, of Pennsyl-
vania, lepresentmtf the advantage ot a speedy coustiucuon
of a canal around the Falls of the river Ste. Mane, Michi-
gan. and piayins an appropriation therefor.
Also, the memoua! oi'H. P. Cain and others, of Allegha-
ny county, Pei.ns\lvama, of like tenor.
By Mi. APPLETON of Massachusetts : The petition of
Mary Baury, of Boston, Massachusetts, for relief.
should, as was charged, oxpiess himself in favor ! . . r ,
of the law in Boston, about the time of the public !' ^i0u is Jones, and many others, interested in the trade of
mwf;n ~ ;n imWo* r!>« mmnnmlw l' Lake feul)er*°>"; praymg for the construction of a-beacon-
meetm^ in tiu.t cUv to im«oi..e tac compiom.se on Round Island, ncai the entrance to the river Ste.
measures. He justified the coalition between the (j Marie.
Democvatsand Free-Soilers; and said that formany j
years the Whigs, with the aid of the abolitionists, '
field the State; but the moment they found them-
selves out of office by the new arrangement, then
it was horrible. He held that the combmation
was necessary; and in the course of his remarks
referred to his views on th« slavery question.
[Mr. R.'s speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. RICHARDSON" obtained the floor.
Mr. R0B8INS. With the permission of the
gentleman, I move that the committee rise.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly, and the /Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the CJnion had had th*
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 10, 1852.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. CLARKE presented a petition of merchants
and citizens of Providence, Rhode Island,praying
that further aid may be extended to Colhns's line
of steam-ships; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affaire.
        -I%w . Mr.JVlASON presented the petition of Eliza-
Union generally under c onsideration, and partion-ij _-ri-niustead, widow of General Walker K.
larly the special order, beintr House bill No. 7, to i! Armisteau, late of the Army, praying apension
encourage agriculture, and for other purposes, and *' 
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CARTTER moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was agreed to.
The House then adjourned.
pF/rmoNH, & c.
The following petition*, memorials, See., were pre^ntr-d
under the rule, and referred to the apptopriate committees s
By Mr. BAI'ltRRK : The remonsiratiee of numerous eit-
izena of Clermont county, Ohio, a?amst the renewal of the
Woodworth potent.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Brown county,
Ohio, praying fur the e*>tabh--hment of atri-weeklv mail
route frivn Wilhum^buip, in Clermont coitniv, via Sardinia
in Brown cuunty, to Wiuche*- tei,in Ad.uus
of Clanon
atioh oi tiiv
and Fiuca?tl
county, Ohio.
By Mj.ICCRTJS : The petition of citizen1
county, Pennsylvania, praunjj for a lnndtfn
tariff.
By Mr. KT-IINS : l-h^ht petitions f:om ciuzerH of Penn-
RVlvania, prajing Con^it^ to confirm the erection of tln 
Wljpehng hnc!<?*\ and to prevent its d(Mi action under the
late decree ot the Supreme Coiutnfthe United States.
Mr. BtOORl'j, of Pennsvhama: 'I'he meinoisul from
citizens of th* county of Philadelphia, nuking tor an exten-
sion of the Woodwoith pat< nt.
Thf pt't.tion of If M. ,!niic« and 37
mil) of Philadelphia, in lav or of the
Woodworth patent.
IIy All IIOKKIXS
others, citiz -nsof the
extension of the U'tmsiu oifh patf-nt.
Hy Mr. HCHOf HA'itAFT. 'i'he rernon- tiance f)fOeo>^e
W. Beard^lee, of Alhanj . New Voik, Hie extension
ot the Woodworth patent, oi am act the ru-uc
of haul patent.
By Mr FLORENCE: The memorial of Simeon StiJi-
well, Adam fiery, Price Wethoral, and 44 otlK-rom/t n->oi
Philadelphia, piayin^ ici the e.vteiiMOn oi ihe U'oodwo.tfi
patent foi planing bormN.
AWo, the memorial of W. W. Lomr. J.ifkson Uu-Jc. IVfo,
Holland 33 otheis. citizens of I'lnUileiphia. praviri" tui
me extension of the Woouworm patent lor planni? boards,
By Mr. MACH: The petition of Geor^* W. Gib-on of
Ho one county, Indiana, asking to ho placed on the invalid
pension roll. u
By Mr. BhECklNRIDGE : The petition of L. W. 3J#>. >
cowan. pia.mii? tor a pennon on account of disabilities m- '
enrred b> expuMne m the mihtaiv service of the Unued 1
stafe<m the last war with Giear Bntaiu ' - - -   ,,,, tI„i lllc,uu-
s...ne vrro*nfv1,"r cifet,,s nf Mom. ' praying Congress that expenses incurred'by i
poinuy con.,i},. J'nio, a^m2 Conere^ to e=tabiwh th* :i the Avhif.ifo>^ ot fi« .. . • / !
bridges of tin,' V\ hc^hns ami B '
post road.-?, and that the sime
their present In .ir'sr.
which was referred to the (Committee on Pensionss.
t _Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of George
; Vv . Beardsiee. remonstrating against an extension
! of Woodwork's patent for a planing- machine;
, which waf? referred to the Committee on Patents
| and the Patent Office.
i Also, a petition of citizens of the county of
| Westchester, New York, praying an extension of
| Woodworth's patent for a planing machine; which
I was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. GWiN presented the memorialof the legal
representatives of Lemuel P. Montgomery, de-
ceased, a soldier in the last war with Great Britain,
playing a pension; which "was referred to the
Commut.ee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of D. M. Wilson & Co., pray-
in,? the payment of their claim against Mexico;
which was referred to the select committee ap-
pointed on the subject.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. GEYER, it was
III. Mr OTFI'lim' „i v-„. v -Ml . . S '■ „0rJc,fe''' Tll'u tllc mcmonal of Thomas Allen, oil the
. , 1 . ■' of ' ^ ^ ll: • ' 'l0 P"t.t|0ll ot I, file, ol tile Seiillte, be referred to the Committee of Claims
Smith, Omuitna and others, praynn the evten- ion of the |! Claims.
REPORT.'; FtiOM .STANDING COMMITTEES,
i ilr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
; OtficS and Post Roads, to which was referred the ,
hill from tiie House of Representatives for the i
J relief ol Andrew Smith, submitted an adverse re- '
I port; which was ordered to be printed.
I Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com- I
merce, to which was referred the memorial of
Elisha W. ij. Moody, praying to be reimbursed I
moneys paid by him, as owner of the ♦British ll
barque " Sarah, in the rescue of the passengers '
and crew of the American ship " Caleb Grim-
s.'iaw, submitred h report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief; which was read and passed to the
second reading. The report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRODEIEAD, from the Committee of |
Claims,.to which were referred the several memo-
House of Representatives authorizing the issuing
of registers to the brig '• America" and the ship
" Kossuth," reported them without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred a bill to amend an act entitled "An
act to create additional collection districts in the
Territory of Oregon, and for other purposes,"
reported in lieu thereof a bill to authorize the Pres-
ident of the United States to designate the places
for the ports of entry and delivery for the collec-
tion districts of Puget's Sound and Umpqua, in
the Territory of Oregon; which was read and
passed to the second reading.
As the memorial oil this subject also prayed for
the establishment of a mail route—
On -motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Oricred, That the petition of the citizens of the Territory
Oregon, presented the IStll January, be tefenad to the
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
rm,TTo 5' the ;! the exhibiters tit the World's "Fair mav be mid
lebe pcimmi.dCio°i«S?, at !' at> adverse report; which was ordered
; to be printed
„ J>n,hIr' ,SL'RR,nv? peiw™ of Benjnmm Sheldon I Mr.' HAMLIN", from the Committee on Com- i
and others, citizens ot Xia^era oourity. New\v>rv ^ , ' V wuumnnet un bora-
V0r4C'reiaon-11 meice t0 which were referred the bills from the I
of 0'
Coras
■^APPORTIONMENT OF REPRBSENTATIVEii.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the message of the
President of the United States communicating a
report of the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the apportionment of Representatives among; the
severalStat.es in the Thirty-third Congress, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill supplo-
mentary to an act providing for the taking of the
seventh and subsequent censuses of the United
States, and to fix the number of members of the
House eff Representatives, and provide for then-
future apportionment among the several States,
approved 23d May, 1850; which was read and
passed to the second reading. The report, with
the accompanying documents, was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BRADBURY submitted the views of th©
minority of the committee on the same subject;
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the joint resolution
of February 24, in relation to the number of elec-
toral votes each State will be entitled to in the
presidential election of 1852, reported the same
with an amendment, and submitted a report on
the subject; which was read.
Che committee in their report, state that the
Constitution provides that " Each State shall ap-
{ point, in such manner as the Legislature thereof
i may direct, a number of electors equal to the
4 whole number of Senators and Representatives
4 to which the State may be entitled in the Con-
'gress;" and that the act of Congress of March
1, 1792, passed before any election of President
had been held under a new apportionment, gives a
construction to this clause of the Constitution in
the following words: " Which electors (of Presi-
' dent and Vice President) shall be equal to the
* number of Senators and Representatives to which
' the several States may by law 1 e entitled, at the
* time when the President and Vk'e President thus
* to be chosen should come into office." That the
new apportionment under the first census took
effect from and after March 3, 1793, (act of 14th
April, 1792;) and that accordingly in 1792, in
1812, and in 1832, the States gave a number of
electoral votes for President and Vice President
equal to the number of their Senators and Repre-
sentatives, respectively, from and after March 3,
1793, March 3,1813, and March D, 1533: and tha^
the act of 1850 having a similar prc\-.sn to that of
1792, so it must be in the next election next fall;
that is, the States will vote under tlu1 new and not
under the old apportionments; that therefore the
j committee are of opinion that no fiinher legisla-
Uon is necessary, and report back the resolution,
! with an amendment changing it from a joint to a
simple resolution.
j', Mr. DOWNS. That report unanimously
j concurred in by' the committee; they considered
j the case so clear that there could be no doubt about
| it. If, therefore, there is no objection on the part of
j the Senate, I would ask that it mny be acted upon
j and adopted at once. The only ch inge which the
j committee have deemed it necesr,r<ry to make in
| the resolution, is to strike out the —ord "Joint,"
1 so as to make it a simple ievolution of thp Senate,
which the committee thought prop, r, in order to
avoid the forms of legislation winch would be
necessary in the case of a joint resolution, and
that they might adopt it in such a ftfrm as to ex-
press the opinion of the Senate only.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire simply to &ay, that
