1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1621
Bradford possessed to authorize them to make a
settlement on the land of the United States which
other persons were not authorized to settle upon.
I believe their own petition states that that was the
state of the case?
Mr. BORLAND. In answer to the Senator
from Delaware, I would state, that up to 1826, under
the laws regulating trade and intercourse with the
Indian' tribes, persons were excluded from that
country; but therein consists, as I have under-
taken to show, and as i think the papers show,
the merits of this claim. The settlement madebv the
Beans was not merely by permission, but the pub-
lic interests which were intrusted to the command-
ing ollicer there seemed to lam to have required
that they should have permission and encourage-
ment to go there to make a settlement for the pub-
lic interest. He had authority either to exclude
them or permit them to go. He did not consider
others fit persons to go, but permitted these men i|
and encourged them to go, because they were l|
going to make an establishment of great public ■ !
utility. In 18'26 the country was, as the Com- ij
rmssioner of the General Land Office shows, ]
thrown open to white settlers general!y, and a vast -
number of other persons then went m. 1
Mr. BAYARD. I understand (lie state of the •
facts to be this: These paities allege that Major
Bradford, an officer in the service of the United
States, encouraged them to make a settlement on ;
this salt spring land, which they discovered in I
1817, and assured them of the protection of the i
Government; and that it was at lug solicitation ;
the works were established. They were ille-
gally established regarding the laws of the United
States. I am not aware that the commanding
officer had authority to grant permission to estab-
lish the works there, though it might be that he
did not choose to exercise the power of removing
them. 1 am not aware of any legal authority
which he had to grant the right. But my diffi- j
culty on this branch of the case is, that Congress,
after the land was thrown open in 182fi, when 1
setilers came upon it, on public considerations, m
May, 1828, having ceded the land to the Chero-
kees, compelled the white settlers to remove, and .
passed an act making compensation to those who :
were removed m consequence of this cession. At '
that time, as far as the statements appearthough
they are somewhat indefinite, Major iiradfoid was
alive. Fiom 183d to 1850 these parties sleep upon
their claim. They make no demand upon the
United States. Their allegation, and the sole
foundation upon which the claim, in my judgment,
can rest in equity,.is, that they went tbeie by in- |
vitotion of Major Bradford, with assurances of ;
protection, and with the view to supply salt to the j
troops that were located there. There is a defect ;
of proof here, because there is no testimony what- ,
ever. The statement of General Arlmckle is, that j
Major Bradford permitted them to remain. The :
parties might, if they had had this claim founded ,
upon the assurances of protection from Major |
Biadford, certainly not only miirht, but would, J
rationally speaking, have presented their claim in
1828, at the time when Congress passed the law
allowing compensation to settlers on the land ,
there. They did not do so. rl hey nave^not ac-
counted in any way why, from 1828 to 1850, they .
slept upon their rights; and now when those who i
were cognizant of facts material to the claim for >
their relief are iiT their graves, they come forward,
and upon their own naked assertion as to that
which forms the foundation of their claim in
equity, ask for relief. I cannot vote for the bill
without farther testimony on that point.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. 1 am unwilling that the
Senate should decide upon the question of recon-
sidering the vote by which the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, without adding
my testimony in favor of the general principle in-
volved in the bill. As to the amount of the com-
pensation which the Beans claim, I am unable,
for the want of that particular nifoimation of
which my colleague is possessed, to state what is
the amount of indemnity which they ought, in
justice, to receive from the Government of the Uni-
ted States. But the shortest recapitulation of the
facts will show that they are entitled to indemnity
beyond question. How much that should be de-
pends on the proof of which, as I Raul beiore, I
am not sufficiently advised to stale with particu-
larity to the Senate. In 1818, the Beans under-
took what was one of the mostextraordmary enter-
prises of that day—one which required an unusual
amount of energy, of labor, and of expense. From
the place where the kettles for their manufactory
were constructed, on the Cumberland river in
Tennessee, to the place where their establishment
was located,was almost an unbroken and unset-
tled wilderness of fifteen hundred miles. They
were drawn by the Cumberland, and down the
Mississippi, and then seven-hundred miles up the
Aikansas river. It wasalmost an unbroken, and, |
with the exception of a few scattered settlements
oil the Arkansas river, almost an unsettled wilder- j
ness, from the mouth of the river to the place ]
wheie their establishment was finally fixed. By the i
law,as itthen existed, they must, ofnecessity, have 1
permission, either fiom the United States officer or j
from the Indian agent of the country, to go there, \
before they could make their establishment with- |
out violation of law-. I believe it was not adveited
to in the report, but I learn from unofficial sources, '
that the assent of Major Bradford was obtained; i
and he gave his sanction to the enterprise on ac- j
count of the great want of a salt manufactory !
withm a convenient distance. These men had to i
toil along the banks of the Arkansas. There are n
men heie who know what it is to hug the rugged 1,
banks and sand bars of the Arkansas river, and 1
toil up it with boots for a distance of two bundled j j
miles, for weeks m succession. Tt must be re- !i
membered, that the country was then m the pos- j|
spssion of the Osage and Cherokee Indians for '
almost the entire distance; and when the Beans i
arrived within one hundred or two hundred miles |
of the place where the establishment was located, j
they had absolutely to take thekettles and transport |
them witn such a conveyance as the country ai- j
forded to the place of their enteipnse. _ ^ !
The Senator from Kentucky adverted to a kind j
of calculation by which, according to his aritii-
.metic, these men realized a fortune-, and then, by '
the strangest deduction which 1 ever heard ciphered !
out, he argues that the amount of indemnity is to
be refused0, in regard to the value of the establish- ;
ment lost by the'act of the United States. They ;
were perpetually-depredated upon by the Osage
Indians. There were weeks and months together
when they could do nothing at their establishment. 1
And as for the sale of their salt at one dollai a
bushel, it was fiequentiy taken m furs, which it
cost a great deal to transport. I know something
of the peculiar circumstances of the Beans; and
their joint propelty, 1 understand, although they
are piudent men, would not amount to hall the
prohis which the Senator from Kentucky supposes i
they realized from their establishment. i
According to the existing law in 1826, the set- 1
tiers upon the Osage countiy could have acquited
the right of preemption. In 1828 it was ceded to
the Cherokecs. ~We acknowledged the obligation
of the Government to indemmly the settlers for
their losses, by granting to them three hundred
and twenty acres ofjand each,and that was given
to several hundieds of them. But the Beans did i
not acknowledge that as at all satisfactorj' for the
large amount which they invested in their enter-
prise, and they have nowcome here to ask,at the
j hands of a hbeial Congress, indemnity such as
may be commensurate with their losses. 1 have
no hesitation m saying, according to the best con-
clusion 1 could toi'111 upon the evidence, that
ftl5,000 is not too much, if you consider that they
had'the right of preemption, when Congress, by
the sweenmg effects of the treaty, ceded it away
from them, and never gave them a compensation
for it. It brings it then up to the case which the
Senator from Iventucky supposes-, that if they
were entitled to the pieeniption, ^15,000 is not too
much. The Government, as 1 saiu oetoie, have
acknowledged the obligation to pay and indemnity
the settlers oil the ceded territory; but they made
no provision, by the law of 182:3, to indemnity
persons who invested such amount as tne Leans
did m their sail works.
Mr. HOUSTON. I imagine that tins case is
not undeistood very well. I fancy that the Leans
were pot deprived of all the property tnat taey
took there; but when the woiks fell into other
hands, the materials which they had were neces-
sarily disposed of, and that they would leceivethe
full value of them. Moreover, they were not en-
titled to any preemption for this tisci of lanu.
'i hey could not be. It was reserved to the Cnip-
pewa Indians when it was purchased hv the Gov-
i ernrnent of the United States. A special reserva-
tion was made of the tract, as will be found by
reference to the treaty, and the Beans thereby lost
all their claim to it. X must confess, for I am per-
sonally friendly to the individuals, that it is strange
I have never heard of this claim up to the present
time. More than twenty years have elapsed since
they made their establishment there, and I have
never heard anything of it. I shall vote for the
reconsideration. v
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for the yeas and
nays on the question of reconsidering the vote^by
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and they were ordered; and being
taken, lesulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows:
YEA?—Mom:-. Bayard, Biadbury, Clemens, Dawson,
De Siiii^uie, Fi«?h, llalp, Houston, King, Mason, Miller,
Pearce, Piatt, Smith, JSoule, SStovklon, Toucey, Under-
wood, Upham, Wade, and Welhtr—*21.
NAYjS—Aiein.^on, Haci <jr, Borland, BrodUead,
Ohailirm, riaiko, Dodge of Wi-cottMn, Dodge of Iowa.
Douglas, Downs, Foot, James. Jones of Iowa, Noms,
Rusk, Sebastian, and Walker—IT.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK-. I have a bill upon which I wish
the Senate to act, and I therefore move that the
further consideration of this bill be postponed
until Fridav next.
Mr. HALE. I hope that will not be done. If
it is, we shall have all' this debate over again.
Mr. RUSK. I have no objection to acting finally
unon this bill to-day, but my impression is that
it will be discussed. I hold m my hand a bill
which has already passed this body two or three
times, and it will not take the Senate five minute3
to pass it now. It is for the relief of a man who
was wretchcdly disabled m the Mexican war,
while engaged as an express rider. He cannot
procure a pension, because he was an express
rider, and not m the Army. He carried, as is suc-
cessfully shown, an express at an important time
to save a good many difficulties, and while m the
discharge of that duty was wretchedly mutilated.
The hill has passed the Senate two or three times,
and failed m the House for want of time. I hope
it will be passed now. The man is here in poverty
and want, and unable to get a living m consequence
of his disability.
The PRESIDENT. The bill to which the
Senator alludes is not now under consideration.
Mr. RUSK. I state this to endeavor to have it
taken up. _
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to offer a com-
promise to my iriend irom Arkansas, and that is,
to let his bill go to the Committee on Claims, and
I promise that I will a«ree to abide by whatever
they say, without opening my mouth. _ We
differ with regard to the facts, and 1 think it will
be the proper couise to send it to that committee
for consideration.
Mr. BORLAND. I do not wish to press this
hill on the consideration of the Senate now. I will
! ask the Senator from Kentucky to let its further
[ consideration be postponed without opposition. I
do not think I will trouble the Senate much with
it hereafter, at any rate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I have no objection,
but I think the course which I propose will be the
better one.
Mr. HALE. I hope it will not be postponed.
I have listened to these speeches once with a great
deal of pleasure, but not with so much as to want
! to hear them over again; yet I think, if the iur-
' ther consideration of the bill be postponed until
: another day, notwithstanding the present disposi-
tion of Senators not to speak, they will do so. No
man has much of an appetite immediately after
■ dinner.
! Mr. RTJRK. I withdraw my motion.
' Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the bill will be post-
poned. 1 wish, if it is proper that I should vote
for it, to do so. if it is not proper, I wish longer
■ time to investigate it. There are various docu-
I ments connected with the case which I should like
! to see before I act upon it. If I call vote for the bill,
1 I shall do so with great pleasure, on account of
j the claim, but I cannot vote for it under the pres-
i ent circumstances. It will be asking very little to
' ask to let it lie over until next Friday. I hope
there will be no discussion on if. I only wish to
' look at the documents. I renew the motion to
i postpone its further consideration until next rn-
i1 da y. 1
I The motion was a;reed to.
!| JOHN LE ROY.
'! Mr. RUSK. I move to postpone all prior or-
