1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
709
as the introducer of that resolution, I am entirely
satisfied with the report of the committee. The
making it a joint resolution, Was not a matter
which vims material in my mind at the time I in-
troduced it. I knew that there was a great differ-
ence of opinion in the country in regard to this'
matter, and I desired that the question should be
settled by some authority, so that the States mighf
proceed at once to exercise their franchises; and*
did not think they could do it understanding^ or
effectuui'y, without some such indication on the
part of Congress of the opinions they entertained,
i think that such a resolution, adopted by the
Senate, would be all-sufficient for the purpose: and
it is not necessary to carry it through all the forms
of legislation as if it were a joint resolution.
Mr. DAVIS. If 1 understand the report of the
committee, it is that the States are severally to
vote under the representation they will have ac-
cording to the census which has just Been taken—
that is the census of 1850.
Mr. DOWNS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. I will ask the honorable Senator
who introduced this resolution whether heis aware
that it will introduce one rule into the House of
Representatives and another into the College of
Electors? The House of Representatives is elected
under the old census; and if the question of the
presidential election should come into the House,
as it may tinder the provisions of the Constitution,
then according to this the College of Electors would
elect under one census and the House of Repre-
sentatives under another. The College of Electors
would act under the census of 1850, and the House
of Representatives would be elected under the
census of 1840. t do not know that that islhe
true and proper construction of the Constitution,
but probably the honorable Senator may be right
when he says that such has been the usage. I do
no know that the usages in this instance would
bring us to that conclusion. When the House
does elect, it elects under a representation appor- j
lioned under a different census.
Mr. DOWNS. The question susgested by the >
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Dahs] was pon- >
sidered by the committee, but we did not tliiuM
that it made any difference whatever. There™
no provision in the Constitution, or in the act of ;
1792, providing that the House of Representatives
under the old census should, m the event of the
election revolving on them, vote for the President,
but it ari-s.s f. mi the very necessity of the case.
It could not be otherwise, for this reason: Always
when the votes are counted, the Constitution re-
quires that Congress shall be in session. It must,
therefore, necessarily be the old Congress under
the old apportionment, for the new Congress under
the new apportionment cannot meet until the 3d
of March next. The old Congress will be in ex-
istence heie when niie votes are counted. As the
Senator suggests, therefore, it makes not the least
difference that the College of Electors may be
under one apportionment and the House under
another—for this reason:'that when the election
falls on the House of Representatives, the Electoral
College does not vote according to the number of
Senators and Repiesentatives, but by States. This
was a construction so obviously resulting from the j
nature of the case, that it was not thought neces-
sary, either in the Convention or afterwards by
Congress, to make any additional provision. It ■
would be impossible to say that the next Congress i
should make the apportionment, for many of the
members themselves would not. be elected till
months afterwards.
Thn question was then taken on the amendment
-eporteo* by the commit^e, and it was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to sa^that when
this subject was before the Committeron the Ju-
(hciarv, they regarded the construction given by
the act of 1792 to the Constitution as entitled to
great consideration. Mos^that was urged before
the committee, was that^ie expression in the
Constitution in regard to tins matter was not, very
clear' but it was so soon after the adoption of the
Constitution that Congress gave thi#£onstruction,-
by that act, that the committee were bound to re-
spect (hat construction.
The (jtiestioo was then taken on the resolution
as .inieutled, and it was agreed to, as follows:
Rcsuh-ctl, Th.it the number of eU-rtara! votes to which
rai'ti State he taintled m ttj^ ejection ot'President and
Vice President ot'tiie 1 Tinted states m 1859, shall be equal
1" ?h-- r>u'Y U(>r of ^U'nritort- ;j.nri lOnirc^cmanvo t>s wjufh
each of said States will be found entitled by the apportion-
ment under the enumeration of 1850, as provided by the act
for "taking the Seventh and subsequent Censuses." ap-
proved May 23,1850.
On the motion of Mr. DOWNS, the report was j
ordered to be printed. j
RIVER SAN DIEGO. j
* Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Naval j
Affairs, to which was referred the resolution rela- j
tive to building a levee across the mouth of the j
river San Diego, reported a bill to provide for ■
building a levee across the mouth of the river Sun
Diego to divert it into False bay; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
He also submitted a document on the subject;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the unanimous consent of'
the Senate to consider this bill now. One of the i
greatest objections to the passage of laws forCali- i
forma—the expenses attending public works in ■
that State—does not apply to this bill. The ex- !
penditure is limited to §30,000, which is to he ji
expended in turning the San Diego river into False :j
bay, and thus prevent the filling up of San Diego I
bay by deposits from this river, which will in time j j
destroy the greater portion of that beautiful har- ||
bor. The Secretary of the Navy is restricted in h
contracting for ,this work to the amount appropri- jj
ated in the bill for the reason that it is sufficient 'j
to complete it. Responsible citizens of San Diego !j
have pledged themselves to me to turn the river ||
into False bay for this sum of money; and i know j
it can be completed for the amount named. I if
have a report from the Topographical Bureau j
that shows the importance of this work, and that ij
it should be commenced without delay to prevent i
the destruction of the harbor. This is one of the ,
most beautiful harbors in the world, and of meal-
culable importance to this country in time of war. !
It has already been greatly injured by the deposits Ij
from San Diego river; and two thirds of its navi- j
gable waters will in time be entirely cut oft* from !|
the ocean if further deposits made by the river ,
are not stopped. -1 take it for granted that this .
Government will never permit this important har- |
bor to be thus closed, and hereafter hundreds of,
thousands of dollars majftbe required to dredge it
out and remove the very deposit that this bill is
intended to prevent enteiing it at all, by throwing
the waters of the river into False boy, a sheet of t
water useless for naval or commercial put poses.
Mr. CLEMENS. I wish to know what is the i|
object of the second reading at this time, whether ji
it is for the purpose of reference? ji
Mr. GWIN. Itis repoited now from the Com- ]j
mittee on Naval Affairs. j
The PRESIDENT. Theoojectis that the Sen- 'j
ate may rake action upon the bill. '!
Mr. CLEMENS. Then I object.
Mr. GWIN. This bill was reported unaii- |
mously by the committee* and J hope the Senate 1
will proceed to its consideration now.
The PRESIDENT. If the Senator from Ala-1
bama objects; the bill cannot be taken up at thus !
time. i
NOTICE OF A bill. '!
Mr. GEYER gave notice that he should ask ■
leave£0 introduce a bill to provide for the p^y- ,
ment to the State of Missouii two per centum of
the net oroceeds of the sales of public landf< there-
in, heretofore reserved under a compact n-uli s:«id
State.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORTON, on behalf uf Mi. Mwxory.
agreeably to previous notice, asker! av.n obtained
leave to introduce n bill to esvblish a mail route ■
from Key West, Florida, to New Orleans, Louisi-
ana: which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
THE ZUNI AND COLORADO RIVERS.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution
for consideration: which was agieed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the DenarUa-nt of War
submit to the Senate* as*fcoou as piacueabie, <i copj of the ■
report of the expedition undt r Captain Mtpreuvf's. of the
Corps of Topotfiaphieal Engineer, upon the Zum and the
. Colorado riv^r*. of California.
PORT OF ENTRY AT TUSCUMBEA.
I Mr. CLEMENS submitted the following reso-
' lution for consideration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Conm-crce hv  n-mu t-
: cd to inquire into the expediency or a r<>-i of
i entry atTnscumbia, Alabama
RAILROADS IN IOWA.
The PRESIDENT announced tire first general
order to be a bill granting the right of way and
making a grant of land to the State of Iowa, in aid
of the construction of certain railroads in that
State.
Mr. GWIN. I see that yesterday, when the
honorable Senator from New York [Mr. Sewar§]
closed his remarks, there was an understanding
on the part of the Senate that this Iowa bill is to
occupy the balance of this week, and until Tues-
day of next week; and then we are to have taken
! up the intervention resolutions, which were de-
i bfitpd yesterday, which will occupy an indefinite
two hundred bills upon it, be passed over from
week to week for the purpose of discussing a sub-
ject in which only one State is interested, arid then
I discuss general resolutions in which no State is
interested ? Now, I propose that we dispose of
this bill to-day, and then let gentlemen who desire
to speak upon land bills do so when another bill
shall come up for consideration. This will give
every member who wishes to speak upon the sub-
ject an opportunity to do so; and I will guaranty
there will be. land bills enough, for I have one
of a different sort to propose. We have been
discussing this matter for two months; and, as I
have before remarked, there are upwards of two
hundred bills upon our Calendar, which have
scarcely been touched yet. We can do nothing
till this bill is disposed of, and I appeal to the Sen-
ate to let us have a vote unon it to-day.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Underwood.]
Mr. BOPvLAND. When this bill was under
discussion on Monday, I gave notice that I should
express my views upon it to-day. I concur fully
and entirely with the Senator from California that
it is important to have a vote taken upon this bill
at an early period—to-day, if it can be done; and,
to show that I am in earnest in that concurrence,
I now submit to the Senate that it would be better
to take the vote this morning. I presume that all
the members of the Senate are prepared to vote
upon it rattier than to hear what I have to say.
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, no; the question can-
not be taken to-day.
Mr. BORLAND. Il that can bedone, I would
prefer it. I would prefer it on account of the in-
terests of the bill itself, I would prefer it, too, on
mv own account, because, since the notice which
I gave of my intention to address the Senate, I
have not had time to prepare myself in the way I
would like; and would be glad, for both of these
reasons, if the vote could now be taken, and my
speech be dispensed with. But if it is the wish of
other Senators to speak upon the subject, then I
shall have to go on.
Mr. BELL. You cannot $et a vote now; there
is no Senate here.
Mr. GWIN. Senators are all in the neighbor-
hood-, and can soon be brought in.
Mr. BELL. I understand that there is a new
proposition* winch has been submitted by the Sen-
ator from Visu;ima, [Mr. Buster.] _ So I see by
•the papers this* morning—a proposition, as I un-
derstand it. by wav of an amendment. That prop-
o-sltiwr. will deserve some consideration, whether
it may not meet with the views of a majority of
the senate, and change the whole features of the
principle of tins bill
Mr. JONES, nf Iowa. It Is wji at all mennt as
a substitute for th>-> bill.
Mr. BELL. I understand it proposes a mode
of £euin£ clear of all the grounds on which argu-
ments have been mode in i-.uor oi this bill; and,
if k is acceptable, it will relieve the Senate from
farther discussion. But a*® that bill has not yet
been printed and laid upon our tables, I think we
oiurlu at least io have a little time lor us consider-
ation before a vote is taken upon the bill now un-
der consideration.
Mr. GWIN. Then let it be understood that
to-morrow we will take the \ ote upon this bill.
Sorely, we ons:ht, to moke some disposition of it
immediately, for thern orr- fifty other bill's on the
■iub^c-ct of granting public b-oius,upon wnich Sen-
ators can express their \iews.
Mr. BORLAND. Since there is oojection to
taking: the votp upon ibis bill to-day, I suppose I
