2486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August Si,
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
REPORTING.
Mr. MANN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolution;
and if it be not obtained, I will move to suspend
the rules:
Resolved, That William W. Curran be, and he is hereby,
appointed, from and after the present session of Congress,
Reporter for the House of Representatives, with authority
to associate six assistants; that his annual compensation
shall be the same as that of the principal clerk in the Clerk's
office of this House; and {he compensation of the assistant
reporters shall be the same as chat of the assistant clerks in
the Clerk's office; to bp. paid out of the contingent fund of
the House: Provided, That before this resolution shall lake
effect the Clerk of the House shall have procured from John
C. Rives such a modification of his contract for reporting
and priming the proceedings and debates of the House as
to relinquish, of the price now paid him, the sum of $3 50
per column.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to that
resolution. It is too important a resolution to be
acted upon at this late stage of the session.
Mr. MANN. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. FiCKLIN. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HENN. Upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 will withdraw the mo-
tion.
Mr. CARTTER. I renew the motion.
Mr. WALSH. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the result
was—yeas 87, nays 61.
So the motion was agreed to, and the House
adjourned till to-morrow, at nine o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, August 31, 1852.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
CLASSIFICATION OF CLERKS.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution reported by him,
from the Committeeon Finance, the 17th instant,in
relation to the classification and appointment of
clerks in the Executive Departments of the Gov-
ernment; and it was agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury, of War,
o( the Navj, of the Interior, and thePostmasterGeneial,be
directed to report to the Senate, at the commencement of
its next session, the number and classes of clerks which
will be required in each bureau or division of Ins Depart-
ment, upon the supposition that theyaie to be organized as
follows: that is to bay, into tour classes, viz: No. 1, into
which no new appointment is to be made ofanv poison over
eighteen year& of age, and with a s.il.uy of #800 per annum.
No. 2, with a salary each of $1,201). No. with a salary
each of $1,600; and No. 4, with a salary each of$2,000. The
new appointments in each Department in classes 2, 3, and
4, to be made from the class immediately below it in that
Department, and the members of class No. 1 to receive five
pet cent, additional ^aianec, to commence at the end of
ea^li year of additional a-erviee : and the othci classes to re-
ceive three per cent, of like additional ^alanes for a similar
additional service > but none to receive, by vutue of these
allowances, a salary higher than the grado'above linn; and
no additional salary to be given to anv member of class No.
4 after his salary reaches $3,400. But the cleiks m each
Department to be subject to removal by its head.
Mr. HUNTER. The clerk of the Committee
on Finance will be wanted to collect this inform-
a'i-m and put it in shape. I am therefore in-
structed by that committee to report the following
resolution, which I ask may now be considered:
Rcsohed, That the clerk to the Committee on Finance,
,i'itlion/.ed by the resolution of the Senate of 22 d December
la.-t, to be employed dining the present ^sion. be contin-
ued until the commencement of the next session, under the
direction of said committee, at the rate of compensation
winch he now leceives.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
PRINTING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to which was referred the motion to print the
report of the Postmaster General relative to the
printing, binding, and advertising executed for or
by order of that Department, reported " that the
same be not printed;" and the report was con-
curred in.
He also, from the same committee, to which
■was referred the motion to print a memorial of a
?
committee of the Corporation of the city of Wash-
ington, presented the 26th instant, reported " that
the same be not printed;" and the report was con-
curred in.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the part of the Senate on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill "making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1853," reported that they
had met the conferees on the part of the House of
Representatives, and after full and free conference,
had agreed to recommend, and do recommend to
their respective Houses, as follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede
from their disagreement to the 2d, 7th, 12th, 14th,
15th, 19th, 22d, 23d, 24th, 25th, 26th, 28th, and
30th amendments of the Senate, and agree thereto.
That the House of Representatives do recede
from their disagreement to the first amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: Page 1, in line 4, after the word
" dollars," insert the following:
Provided, That the. Commissary Department may use, in
advance of the regular appropi iations for the fiscal year end-
ing 30th of June, 1854, §275,000 of &aid sum for said fiscal
year.
That the House of Representatives do recede
from their disagreement to the 3d amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: Page 1, in line 3, strike out the
words, " three hundred," and insert in lieu thereof
the words " two hundred and fifty."
That the House of Representatives do recede
from their disagreement to the 16th amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with amend-
ments, as follows: Page 4, in line 16, after the
word " report," insert the words " to Congress;"
and in line 21, after the word " service," strike out
all to the word " same," in line25, inclusive.
That the House of Representatives do recede
from their disagreement to the 17th amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: Page 5, in line 13, after the word
ts Mexico," strike out all to the end of the section.
That the House of Representatives do recede
from their disagreement to the 21st amendment of
the Senate, and agree to the same with amend-
ments, as follows: Page 8, in line 15, strike out,
after-the word "State," to line 18, inclusive,.and
add at the end of the section:
" Provided, That the same principles be applied in'the set-
tlement of the claims of the State of Alabama, and all other
States, for moneys advanced in raising, subsisting, and
transporting troops lor the Mexican wjr."
And that the Senate do recede from its 5th, 6th,
8th, 10th, 11th, 13th, 18th, and 29th amendments.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report, and
it was
Resolved, That the Senate do concur therein, and that
the bill be amended accordingly.
POST KOABS BILL.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee of Conference
on the part of the Senate, on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill from the House of
Representatives " to establish certain post roads,"
reported, that having met the Committee of Con-
ference on the part of the House, they have
agreed to recommend and do recommend to their
respective Houses as follows:
That the Ifouse recede from their disagreement to the
amendment of the Seriate, No. 39. and agree to the same
with an amendment, viz: Add at the end tbeieof, "Pro-
vided, That the contracts authomed by this section be to
the lowest bidder, according to the provisions of the exist-
ing laws: Jlnd piooided further, That the amount paid
shall in no case exceed the amount of postage derived from
the said mails."
That the Senate recede from its amendments, numbered
43, 44, 45, 16, and 49.
That the Hou«e recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate, numbeied 47, 48, 50. and 53;
and
That there be added nt the end of the word a Maine,'>
"jffrom South Paiis, Maine, to Harrison, North Bndgeton,
Bndgeton, West Bndgeton, to Fryebuig."
The Senate proceeded to consider the said re-
port; and it was
Resolved, That they concur therein, and that the bill be
amended accordingly.
FRAUDS ON THE REVENUE.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That a select committee, to consist of five
members, be appointed by the President po tempore, who
shall be empowered to sit during the recess, at such times
and places as they may deem necessary, and to examine
under oath such persons as may be required J and gener-
ally to investigate the mode and manner of importations of
meichandise into the United States, with a view of ascer-
taining whether any and what frauds have been committed
or practiced against the revenue laws of the United States;
and that said committee make report of their proceedings
during the next session of Congress.
Mr. HALE. It seems to me that this is a very
extraordinary resolution. We have extended the
powers of one committee to sit during the recess,
with which I did not find any particular fault, be-
cause it was an extraordinary case which attracted
great attention. But here is a proposition to raise
a special committee of five without any charges
being; made that we know of, with power to sit
during the recess when and where they please. If
this is to go on, the Senate will soon be m per-
petual session, only instead of being at Washing-
ton altogether, we shall be traveling around the
country in little squads of five and ten at the pub-
lic expense. If anything is calculated to bring the
proceedings of Congress into disrepute, it will be
this mode of spinning out our sessionsindefinitely;
and instead of transacting the regular business of
the session at Washington, traveling around the
country at Government expense. 1 think we have
gone as far as we ought to go. I hope the reso-
lution will not be adopted.
Mr. STOCKTON. I propose to amend the
resolution by striking out the words " by the
President pro tempore," so that the committee
may be appointed by the Senate.
Mr. HAMLIN. A word in relation to what
has fallen from the Senator from New Hampshire.
We have heard a great deal of talk throughout the
country about frauds upon the revenue. This is
a measure which is proposed, and I suppose is
designed, by the Senator from Rhode Island for
the purpose of making a thorough investigation,
in order to ascertain whether there is any truth in
these assertions, and if there be any, to apply a
corrective. I hope that gentlemen who have
talked so much about frauds on the revenue will
interpose no objection against making such dis-
coveries as shall answer the ends of justice.
Mr. HALE. I do not know whether there
have been many rumors of frauds on the revenue
or not; but I think if we pass this resolution, and
allow Senators to he drawing pay during the re-
cess, the country will talk, and with a great deal
of justice, about frauds on the revenue. I shall
simply content myself with calling for the yeas
and nays upon the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
The question was taken on Mr. Stockton?s
amendment, and the Chair announced that it was
agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I call for a division.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator is aware
that the rules expressly require that all commit-
tees shall be appointed by the Senate, unless by
unanimous consent they are appointed by the
Chair.
Mr. MASON. I withdraw my call.
Mr. CLARKE. I have but one word to say.
Those persons who are interested in the true ex-
ecution of the revenue laws, have believed that
there have been, and continue to be, great frauds
upon the Government in regard to the valuation
of imported goods, and, consequently, in the
amount of duties collected. You will recollect,
sir, that at the last session, there was an act passed
the better to enforce the revenue laws. The opin-
ion prevails in various sections of the country,
that there are frauds. It is disputed by others,
and disbelieved by many. Now, what can be
better, in order to avoid that complaint, than to in-
vestigate the subject and ascertain whether the
charge is true or false? If the charge against the
inefficiency of the present laws is correct, why
not appoint such a committee? and when the
committee shall have investigated the subject and
shall have reported upon it at the next session,
the question will be settled, and Congress will
know whether any further legislation will be ne-
cessary to enforce the revenue laws. I hope the
resolution of my colleague will be adopted.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, that there are
frauds committed upon the revenue, I do not en-
tei tain a doubt; and if frauds are not committed
upon the revenue, I apprehend it is the only branch
of the public service where they are not com-
mitted. But 1 do not know of any reason why a
committee should be appointed to go abroad over
