1622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
ders, for the purpose of taking up the bill grant-
ing a pension to John JLe Roy.
- The motion was agreed to. The bill was read
a second time* and the Senate proceeded to con-
sider it as in Committee of the Whole. It enacts
that there shall be allowed and paid to John Le
Roy, who was an express rider in the late war
-with Mexico, a pension of $20 per month, to com-
mence on the 22d of February, 1847, and continue
during life. ,
Mr. PEARCE. I would inquire why a pen-
sion of $20 per month is proposed to be granted
in this case?
Mr. RUSI£. In consequence of the severe dis-
ablement of the person to whom it is proposed to
be granted. He had one of his arms shot off. j
Mr. PEARCE. Such an allowance has not j
fenerally heretofore been granted to common sol- j
iers, even when totally disabled. This seems to
me to be departing from the general usage, and I
move to strike out $20 and insert a month, the
amount of pension allowed to soldiers.
Mi\RUSK. If the report of the Committee
on Pensions is read, it will show the facts of the
case.
The report was read, from which it appeared
that the petition of John Le Roy was first pre-
sented to the Senate on the 31st of December,
1849, and that on the 12th of January, 1850, a re-
port was made in the case, accompanied by a bill
for his relief. From that report it appears that the
petitioner was employed by the Quartermaster's
Department of the Army as an express rider in
the military service during the war with Mexico;
and that on a highly-important emergency, when
Colonel Irwin, of the Ohio volunteers, with a small
force* was on the march to join General Taylor,
previous to the Battle of Buena Vista, and became j
shut up in a town, and surrounded by a large!
body of the enemy, it became important to con- j
vey intelligence to that officer of his determination j
to send relief to him next morning. The peti-
tioner promptly volunteered to convey this deter-
mination, and after gallantly running the gauntlet
was fired upon by our own sentinel, and wounded
in such a manner as to render the amputation of
his arm necessary. "When it is considered that
Le Roy so nobly assumed such a responsible duty,
and so gallantly performed it, penetrating the en-
emy's encampment, and being hotly pursued into
the American camp, where, instead of receiving
relief, he was fired lipon by an American sentinel,
and taken for one of the enemy, who weie then |
close upon him, the committee thought it a highly
meritorious case, and being recommended to the
favorable consideration of the Government by the
highest military authority, then in command of
the Quartermaster's Department and the army in
that part of the enemy's country, they had no
hesitation in reporting a bill for his relief, and
recommending its passage.
Mr. PEARCE. I do not see that this makes
any difference at all. The case seems to me to be
a meritorious one, but it is still that of a common ;
soldier. Wehave had cases of soldiers who were \
mutilated just as much as this person is, who re-
ceived but eight dollars a month. 1 do not see
any reason for such a large increase to this indi-
vidual. We have given but $8 a month to those
who have braved death in all its forms in numer-
ous battles. 1 think it would be well to put this
case on the same footing as a common soldier.
Mr. BORLAND. I desire to say that this case
is one of great merit, and it is not without prece-
dent, so far as precedent may have weight with
the Senator from Maryland. We had a case pre-
cisely similar two years ago, or rather in 1848,
which provided for a pension of the same amount.
I allude to the case of Jonathan Fitzwaller, for-
merly a citizen of Pennsylvania, who was m Mex-
ico when the war broke out, and who was after-
wards employed in the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment. He was wounded on the 18th of August,
not while riding an express, but while serving as
a guide to a party sent out by our army—a sort
of party of reconnoissance. He was not deprived
of either of his limbs, but of one of his eyes. A
bill was introduced for his relief, which granted a
pension of $20 per month. It was a very meri-
torious case. 1 advocated it here, and it passed; I
and I do think this man, from the circumstances of
the case, is entitled to an equal consideration. So
far as precedent is concerned, then, I think the
claim is fully sustained as well as upon its merits.
The amendment was not agreed to. The bill
was reported to the Seriate without amendment,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
it was subsequently read a thivd time and
ELIZABETH V. LOMAX.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill for the relief of Eli^beth V. Lomax. It
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Elizabeth V. Lomax, widow of Mann
Page Lomax, deceased, late a major m the Ord-
nance Corps of the United States Army, on the
pension roll, at the rate of |30 per month, from
the 27th of March, 1842, for and during her nat-
ural life.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This is one of the bills
to which 1 objected some time ago. I rise to
state to the Senate that I have found, from an ex-
amination of the report and accompanying papers,
that the proof in the case was not complete until
1650, and yet the bill goes back some eight years,
to 1842—thus allowing the sum of $3,000 or $>4,000
by the retroaction.
The bill proposes to allow a pension from 1842.
The proof, according to the report, was not com-
plete until 1850. The difference would amount to
some $3,0U0 or $4,000; and I think it altogether
improper to allow it. Indeed,! think it is a very
i questionable case.
Mr. MASON. I desire to ask the Senator a
question. What does he mean by saying that
the pruof was nut complete ? No application was
made for a pension, as I understand the leport,
until 1850.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. So I understand, and
ofcouise the proof was taken in 1850, and the
right to a pension was not established until (hat
time. 1 understand, according to the doctrine of
the Department, that they only allow the pension
from the time the right is established by proof.
Mr. DAWSON. That is the law.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Yes, that is the law;
that is what we have been acting upon here; and
this bill will be acting in disregaid of that law, it
retroacts, as 1 stated, to allow a pension for some
eight years before the proof was complete. I there-
fore objected to the bill when it was up before. 1
have already stated that the whole matter is one
which I think of a very doubtful character; but if
the Senator will amend the bill so as to make it
take effect from the time that the proof of the
right was complete—which was on the 23d of
May, 1850, I suppose, for that is the last date of
the proof which I see—I will not go into an in-
vestigation of the right.
Mr. MASON, The lady for whose benefit
this bill provides is an acquaintance of mine. She
resides at Norfolk, in Virginia, where she has
lived since the death of her husband. She is one
of that class of our citizens who refuse to appeal
to the bounty of the Government as long as they
are able by their own hands to maintain them-
selves. Her husband died in 1842, and she !
opened a school, and gave lessons m music, and
occupied her whole time in maintaining her chil-
dren, that she might not be compelled to appeal to
the bounty of the Government. She states at the
close of her petition, what her friends know to be
true, that " the measure of relief to which she
i may be entitled she submits to your sense of
4 even-handed justice, deploring the necessity she
4 is under for making this appeal to the bounty of
'the Government." if she had applied for the
pension in 1842, she would then have been enti-
tled to it; and 1 submit, when we have an exam-
ple of one keeping aloof from the Government as
long as she was able to provide for the children
which were left upon her hands by the death of
her husband, whether we should not give to her
the arrearages of pension ? I presume it was for
that reason the committee reported a bill to operate
retroactively; and I submit to the Senate that she
ought to have it.
A Senator. What are the grounds on which
the bill is based ?
Mr. MASON. A Senator inquires for the
foundation of this claim. I will state the grounds
on which it rests. Major Lomax was an officer
of the Army, who, as is stated in the petition,
and confirmed by proof, passed through his entire
career, from 1807 to 1842, without ever having
, asked a furlough, or having been brought before
a court-martial. He went into the Florida cam-
paign after the death of Major Dade, and as is
proved, went into it a man of robust health and
capable of any endurance, but came out of it with
his constitution shattered. These facts are in
proof here.
Mr. BORLAND. ^ I reported this bill from the
Committee on Pensions. The Senator has cor-
rectly stated the ground on which the committee
acted. We considered it a very meritorious case-.
Major Lomax is proved by the testimony, which
is complete, to have been disabled by his service*,
and to have died of disease contracted by expo-
sures and hardships in the service of his country,
i ] desire to take this occasion to call the attention
j of the Senate to one fact. I think it is time that
I it should be made known to the Senate and to the
I country, to meet what seems to be an appreben-
i sion in the minds of a great many Senators, that
| we shall bankrupt the Government if we go on
i granting pensions—that we are going to infiicS
| great injury on the Government, and break it
| down with a big pension list. Now, although the
: expenditures of the Government are going on at
i a railroad pace, we find that the pension list, in-
! stead of increasing is diminishing. It is not so
I great as it was at the commencement of the Mex-
ican war. It has been diminishing from the
' administration of General Jackson; and it is now
less than it was before the commencement of the
Mexican war, and is diminishing every year. 1
mention this to relieve the minds of Senators who
have had serious apprehensions that our pension- -
ing is growing to be a great burden upon the
Government. We can yet take care of widows
and orphans and disabled soldiers, who become
go by the gallant deeds of themselves or of their
fathers and husbands, without any danger of
adding to the burdens of the Government. We
are doing it with some degree of liberality; but we
may do H with a great deal more without adding
any great burden to the taxation which seems to
be so alarming.
Mr. UNDER WOOD. I said, if the gentleman
would accept the amendment which 1 suggested,
that I had nothing to say about the bill. I said,
though, that I thought it was a doubtful case; and
my friend from Arkansas reads me a lecture on
! the subject of my former opposition to pension
! bills, because I suggested the other day that we
! were in a fair way of putting one half of the com-
1 m unity on the shoulders of the other half for sup -
! port. I do not want to discuss this subject now.
| 1 have discussed this and all other questions almost
1 so uselessly that I am tired of them; but I want
' everybody to stand upon the same footing, Mr.
■ President. We have by our action, time and again
j said that pensions should not be allowed until the
1 claim against the Government was fairly estab-
1 lished by proof. When this bill came up I ob-
! jected to it on that ground. It 1ms been the rule
1 upon all other pension bills since that time, and
now are we to make Mrs. Lomax an exception?
: With what grace can we appear before the coun-
1 try m so doing? How can Senators stand when
• they apply a rule, and apply it in all cases since
: the objection has been raised, and yet make this
; an exception? The'people of this country stand
1 upon the same footing before the law, and I insist
| that you treat the widows of officers just as you
treat the widows of soldiers—that you treat the
; humble and low just as you treat the famous and
' exalted. Have I done more than that, in asking
j the Senate to make the amendment that the pen-
1 sion in this case should commence on the 23d of
I May, 1850, when the proof was completed? No,
j sir; and is not that reasonable? If you intend to
; legislate for everbody alike, it is; if you intend to
| legislate on the ground of making favorites and ex-
ceptions, perhaps it is not. [ have not the pleasure
of knowing Mrs. Lomax, like my friend from Vir-
ginia, and of course I cannot be supposed to act
on any spirit of sympathy growing out of that ac-
quaintanceship, which no doubt has been highly
pleasing to the Senator. All I a3k is that we
shall legislate for everybody alike.
There is another feature in this bill. It pro-
poses to grant this lady a pension for life. Here
is a law before me which provides that the widows
of soldiers and officers dying in the service shall
get a five years' pension; and if the widow hap-
pens to marry in that five years, the children shall
get a pension if under sixteen years of age; but
here, independent of marriage—independent of
