1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
711
where more zealous or ardent friends than that
Democracy which was led by the Senator from
my own State. The gentleman who was defended
the other day by the gentleman from Kentucky,
General Butler, has found in that Democracy
warm and reliable friends, both before and after his !
nomination for the Vice-Presidency. We have j
not been unmindful of them, while we have looked j
with hope and expectation that the clouds that |
lowered over them were soon to pass away. And j
when, m the recent struggle, her Democracy came !
out victorious, no son of hers anywhere rejoiced I
more than I did. 1 had hoped and trusted that
the time was come when that Democracy were
permanently in the ascendency.
I am not here now, Mr. Chairman, for the pur- j
pose of assailing anybody. It is not my habit to j
<lo so. I am not unwilling at any time to engage in j
contestsand controversies withpohticalopponents, ,
but not with political friends. My object, my |
mission, as a representative in Congress, is peace; j
all of our missions should be peace among our- j
selves, if we believe that the doctrines we advocate
will advance the great interests of our country,
for unless we have peace, these doctrines cannot
be in the ascendant. Sir, entertaining this belief,
I was astonished the other day, when an assault
was made by a Democrat from Kentucky upon a
Democrat fiom Illinois. I am not here to follow
the example then set me. I mean to confine my-
self to legitimate defense, and to defence only. I
know that in these wars we might do some mis-
chief to political friends. I do not choose to do
so. It is not my purpose to do so. It is not in
accordance with my feelings—with my views.
"While I say this, 1 must be permitted to make
another remark. Wherever and whenever any
gentleman wishes to made any assault upon the
Senator from Illinois, I desire that he may do it
openly and boldly, that it may be met, admitted,
explained, or denied. If any gentleman has any-
thing to say in relation to him, I want to hear it.
His record is as clean, as clear, as defensible, as
that of any man who has been so long and so con-
spicuously in public life. His political and per-
sonal character, from childhood up, is open to the
investigation of every one. If charges are to be
made, I ask that they may be made publicly and
openly. I am ready to discuss with any gentle-
man, anywhere, the claims, the merits, the politi-
cal integrity, the personal integrity, honor, and
high bearing, of tne distinguished Senator from
my own State. I seek to shield him from nothing.
I ask no concealment in his behalf.
The gentleman from Kentucky, in his remarks
the other day, said:
" Now, let me give a briefhistory of this matter. There
was a gentleman, able, full of talent, full of activity, a par-
ticular partisan and friend—as he had a right to be—of a
particular gentleman mentioned in connection with the
Presidency ; that gentleman went to the State of Kentucky
upon a political pilgrimage last fall, the object of which
wa?, I suppose, to dfive General Butlerfrom ins own soil—
to dishonoi him at home, b> fastening upon him a corrupt
political intrigue ; but meeting there the same fate as befel
those who went to drive the McGregor from his native
iieath, he came back and bought up the Democratic Review
for a political partisan paper for the campaign, and with no
Dames at the mast-head, that Review is now pursuing a
course as fatal to the Democratic patty, as it is false and
unfair. . , , , •
"Mr. Chairman, every man, whether he be a Whig or a
Democrat, has a right to be a candidate for every office—
that being one of the elements of freedom in tins country—
and no man ought to be blamed for the misconduct of his
friends, unless he counives at it. The individuals assailed
in this paper, either covertly or by name, are Cass, Bu-
chanan, Butler, Houston—m fact, all the candidates,
except the distinguished Senator from Illinois, [Mi. Doug-
las,] who seems to be a particular favorite."
Now, I wish to ask the gentleman from Ken-
tucky if he intends that it shall be inferred from
his remarks, that this pilgrimage was had by the
advice, procurement, or consent of Judge Doug-
las ?
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I do not know
whether the gentleman from Illinois proposes to
ask me a series of questions in the course of his
speech. If he does, I desire to say now that the
gentleman may go on with his speech, draw what-
ever inferences he chooses from my remarks as
here 1 eported, and,as the matter will assiime some-
what the form of a personal explanation, I will
afterwards ask, what I believe is the ordinary
courtesy of the House, the favor of making an ex-
planation in reply. I will say, however, m direct
reply to this question, that I did not intend to inti-
mate that Judge Douglas was cognizant of that
movement or stimulated it. I spoke of it as a fact—
a fact proceeding from a particular friend, and par-
ticular partisan of that distinguished Senator. 1
| spoke of it in connection with other facts subse-
I quently occurring; indeed, I would have to read my
i wholespeech, and comment on every portion of it,
| in order to explain the connection. I gave the gen-
| f.teman an opportunity, as he had requested me to
| do, to relieve Judge Douglas. I told the gentle-
| man, and others who came to converse with me
j on this subject, that I intended in my speech to no-
[ tice the course of the Democratic Review, because
j I thought that there was a wide distinction be-
! tween the ordinary partisan papers of the day, and
! a periodical of that kind professing to discuss only
I general principles, as it had done previously,
j The gentleman requested me, when I came to that j
; part of my remarks, to afford him an opportunity '
I to make an explanation that would entirely dis-
i connect Judge Douglas from the Review in every
i respect. I told him I would do so, and the reason
I I mentioned Judge Douglas at all was this: the
gentleman from Illinois was sitting beside me, and
when I got to the end of the first paragraph which
he has read, I turned to him in order that he
rfiight make the disclaimer, according to the un-
derstanding between us; he remarked, sotto voce,
"you have said nothing yet which would authorize
me to rise," and I then mentioned Judge Douglas
as the gentleman who seemed to be the particular
favorite of the conductors of the Review.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not propose to
catechise the gentleman from Kentucky. I have
| stated that my object is to vindicate, not to assail;
and I intend to carry it out. I am glad to know
that the gentleman from Kentucky acquits Judge
Douglas of all participation in that movement.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interrupting.) I have
stated distinctly that I made no charge, either that
Judge Douglas was cognizant of, or stimulated
the political pilgrimage to Kentucky, to which I
referred. That was what I stated.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I understand the gen-
tleman's acquittal of Judge Douglas to be only in i
relation to that pilgrimage.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I make no charges
and no acquittals. I make a statement of facts,
that are facts; and I afforded the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Richardson] an opportuity to ex-
plain. He arose and explained. There is my
speech; there is his explanation. Jle deems it
I unsatisfactory and rises now to explain still fur-
I ther. I make no charges, I acquit nobody, I
j charge nobody. It is in the hands of the gentle-
! man from Illinois.
I Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no desire upon
| my part to bring about any controversy between
! the gentleman from Kentucky and myself. I
i have stated distinctly what my object was, and I
will state to the gentleman from Kentucky, in the
utmost candor, and utmost frankness, that it is
not at all times the most advantageous way to say
I directly charge a thing. Now, I would rather
they would say I charge you with such and such
things, than to say by inuendo, by insinuation,
what they are not willing to say directly. Now, !
sir, I want to say in reply to this matter—and I ;
say it here by authority—that so far as this pil- ■
grimage is concerned, of which the gentleman ,
- speaks, Judge Douglas knew nothing about it,
' assented to it in no way, nor did he connive at it 1
! in any way. The gentleman says he acquits of
j nothing, because he charges nothing. The ex- i
I tract which I have read does subject Judge Dorc-
1 las to the imputation of aiding and procuring this
pilgrimage to be made, and the purchase of the
Review. This is a charge. When an opportunity
j is afforded the gentleman to relieve Judge DorG-1
! las from those charges, if they were not intended I
' to be made by him, his disavowal of them would :
' have been sufficient. It was all I asked, all I:
wanted, all I desired. I
Sir, has it come to this, that a gentleman,a na- ■
tive of Kentucky, cannot return to visit the land
of his nativity—the scenes of his childhood—to .
visit his father, without subjecting the man he
may prefer for President to the charge of sending .
him upon a political mission. I submit it to all
I, fair and candid men, is it fair to put such a con-
, struction upon such an act? I am in the habit,
sometimes, of going to Kentucky, the State that
■! contains many objects near and dear to me. My
mother resides there, and I go to see her. I am a
friend of Judge Douglas, and when I have been
there I have talked about him; but I have talked
more about Democracy than I have about men;
and I regret to say that many of my friends and
relatives there need a great deal of talking to, for
they are not exactly right upon all these matters,
and I should dislike to go to Kentucky if all my
friends are to be responsible for any indiscretion I
may commit when I am there.
The gentleman says, that after Sanders visited
Kentucky, he returned to New York and pur-
chased the Democratic Review, to carry out th«
objects lie had failed to accomplish in this pilgrim-
age to Kentucky. I will repeat what 1 said the
other day:
"I wish to say, in connection with the remarks
' which have been made by the gentleman from
' Kentucky, that, so far as Judge Douglas is con-
' cerned, he has no interest in, and no control over,
' the Democratic Review. He is not responsible
' for anything that has appeared in its columns, or
' that may appeal', unless it be over his own sig-
' nature.
" I know that Judge Douglas deprecates the
' assaults that are made by Democratic papers
• upon Democratic men. His object, his desire,
' his wish, is, that we may have harmony, peace,
'and good-will among the entire party. He be-
* lieves, as I do, that the perpetuity of our institu-
' tions depends upon the success of the Domocratic
' party. By division, we cannot promote that
' success."
And I will add, that Judge Douglas had no
knowledge or intimation that the Review was pur-
chased by Mr. Sanders, until he saw it stated in
the New'York papers, and never knew or sus-
pected that Mr. Sanders intended to purchase it
until he saw the notice of the purchase.
I must be permitted, Mr. Chairman, in connec-
tion with this matter, to say, that no man regretted
the appearance of the article in the January num-
ber, entitled " '52 and the Presidency," more than
I did. Yet, sir, I do not know of any power in
this country, that can control the press. I know
of no power competent to do it. Wherever upon
earth the liberty of the press has been overthrown,
the liberty of its citizens has gone with it. An
Executive decree in France muzzles the press, and
there it could not be done till every vestige of lib-
erty had been placed beneath the feet of Louis
Napoleon. Does any man in this country want a
censorship over the freedom of the press ?^ Its ex-
cesses can only be restrained by an enlightened
public opinion. They should be condemned. I
am not here to apologize for the Democratic Re
view, or for its indiscretion. I am here to condemn
them—do condemn them; but I know of no power
to establish a censorship over the press by which
you can contiol it. God forbid that the day shall
ever come upon this country when the press is to
be trampled under foot, or its liberty restrained.
When it does come, that proud emblem of your
liberties will plume her wing and take her flight
forever.
When I have made the statement, Mr. Chair-
man, that Judge Douglas had no interest in or
control over the Democratic Review, I have said
all that can be required by any just man—by any-
body—to acquit him of all responsibility for any-
thing that may have appeared, or may appear ill
its columns. It is most remarkable, most wonder-
ful that such sensitiveness should be exhibited
upon this point. Why, has it never occurred to
the gentleman, that there is a paper in this city,
an organ of our party, looked to as such, which
has attacked Judge Douglas, though not by name ?
No friend of his lias made defense here or else-
where, or complained that it was done; and no
man would for a moment hold the gentleman that
is favored by that paper responsible for the attack.
Presses all over the country attack every candidate
I but their own favorite—attack them personally; it
i is all rightandproper, but whenever a public press,
j friendly to Judge Douglas, commits an error or
a fault, thev seek to fix it upon him, they hold him
responsible for it, and let all the balance go scot-
free. I submit if you are dealing fairly, if you
are dealing manly by your own political friends ?
Is it the manner m which you and I would act
towards one another?
But I will proceed in the line that I laid down tor
these remarks. After the appearance of the January
number of the Democratic Review containing the
article entitled •< '52 and the Presidency, Judge
Douglas called upon a number of gentlemen, sup-
