2488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 31,
ficulty on the bill had been settled; portions of the
reports of the committees of conference had been
agreed to, and nothing was left but that provision.
There was more than one committee of conference
on that alone; and, finally, the Senate receded, just
before daylight in the morning of the 4th of March,
and saved the bill. That is my recollection.
Therefore, I think that, according to precedent, it
is in the power of the Senator from Florida to
move to agree to the repert of the Committee of
Conference in regard to everything but this par-
ticular amendment, and to adhere to that amend-
ment of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT. If such a course has ever
been pursued, it is certainly unparliamentary. A
report of a committee of conference is an entire
thing, and it cannot be divided.
Mr. MALLORY. The objection made by my
colleague is to that portion of the report of the
Committee of Conference, which recommends that
the Senate recede from the amendment providing
for building a brick wall around the hospital and
grounds at Pensacola. I know that it is abso-
lutely necessary that that hospital should be im-
proved. There is no hospital in the country in
such a dilapidated condition. This is so evident,
that I am confident at the next session of Con-
gress the measure will pass, and, therefore, I
would suggest to my colleague that he withdraw
his objection.
Mr. MORTON. Notwithstanding the appeal
that has been made by my colleague, I feel it to
be my duty, as one of the Senators from Florida,
to resist the striking out of the amendment of the
Senate providing for the repair of th.e hospital at
Pensacola., The amendment is not, as my col-
league supposes, simply for the purpose of inclos-
ing the hospital and hospital grounds by a brick
wall; it goes beyond that. I have here a commu-
nication from the commandant of that yard, and
also a communication from the surgeon of the
hospital, impressing upon me the absolute neces-
sity for its prompt repair. It is a reflection upon
tile Government to leave that hospital in such a
dilapidated situation as it now is. I will merely
read three lines of the communication of the com-
mandant of the yard, Captain Tatnall of the Navy.
After speaking of other improvements absolutely
necessary for that yard, he uses this language:
"As regards the hospital, it is in such a state of dis^race-
ful dilapidation, that I should be ashamed to offer it as a
shelter to the sick of a foreign squadron Were such an
institution at the North, public attention would be called to
it by the press as a national discredit; but it isout of si"ht
hero, and m a few more years, if continued thus to be neg-
lected, it will snijc into the sands."
I shall, therefore, if the motion be in order,
move to agree to the report of the Committee of
Conference with the exception of this amendment,
and to insist on it, and ask for another conference
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has already
decided, that a particular portion of the report
cannot be agreed to, and the remainder of the re-
port disagreed to. The report is an entire thin°\
Mr. BADGER. I mentioned to the Chair be-
fore, that I believed there were instances where a
different course had been pursued.
The PRESIDENT. Whatever may have been
done heretofore, this is the only correct course.
If a different course has ever been pursued, it was
informal, and incorrect.
Mr. BADGER. I am aware that the decision
of the Chair is right. I merely wished to call to
the attention of the Chair the fact, that the parlia- !
mentary course had been departed from, in order
that the Chair might enforce it for the future.
The PRESIDENT. The parliamentary law is
very clear on the subject, and the Chair is not
aware that it has ever been departed from when
he has occupied this seat.
The report of the Committee of Conference was
agreed to.
PRESENTATION OF CREDENTIALS.
Mr. MASON presented the credentials of the ii
Hon. Robert M. T. Hunter, chosen a Senator 'I
oy the Legislature of the State of Virginia for six
years from the 4th day of March, 1853; which
were read.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. |
A message from the House of Representatives !
■ was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ- 'i
'Tig that it agreed to the amendments of the I
■Senate to the hill entitled " An act making appro- |
'priations for light-houses, light-boats, buoys,
' &c., and providing for the erection and establish-
' ment of the same, and for other purposes."
Also, that it agreed to the report of the Commit-
tee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill " to establish certain post
roads."
Also, that it had passed the bill from the Senate
for the relief of Z. F. Johnston; and a joint res-
olution relating to the printing of Congress during
the recess.
Also, that it had passed a resolution to suspend
the 17th joint rule of the two Houses, so far as to
authorize the presentation of the bill from the
House of Representatives making an appropria-
tion for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., and
providing for the erection and establishment of the
same, and for other purposes; also, the bill from
the Senate to constitute Alton, in the State of
Illinois, a port of delivery; and the bill to estab-
lish certain post roads.
SUSPENSION OF RULE.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution
from the House, to suspend the 17th joint rule,
(which prevents bills passed on the last day of the
session being sent to the President of the United
States,) so far as relates to the bills above named;
and the resolution having been amended, on mo-
tion, by adding thereto "also the bills numbered
H. R„ No. 220, 240, 241, and 314," [the Army,
Navy, and Post Office appropriation bills, and the
post roads bill,] was agreed to.
A message from the House of Representatives
was subsequently received by Mr. Forney, its
Clerk, announcing that it agreed to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the resolution of the House
for the suspension of the 17th joint rule.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it agreed to the report of the Committee
I of Conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill entitled " An act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending 30th of June, 1853."
Also, that it agreed to the report of the Com-
mittee of Conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill entitled " An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1853."
Also, to the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill " making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th June, 1853."
SUSPENSION OF RULE.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a resolution for the suspension of the
17th joint rule, so far as relates to all bills passed
before half past ten o'clock this day.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will call the
attention of the Senate to the fact, that the follow-
ing resolution has been received from the House
of Representatives;
Resolved, (with the concurrence or the Senate,) That
! the 17th joint rule of the two Houses be suspended on nil
f bills passed by both Houses up to the hour often and a half
a. in,, this day.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I wish to call the at-
tention of the Senate to the phraseology of that
resolution. I think it is a very unusual one. In-
stead of suspending the rule in regard to particular
bills, it suspends the rule on all bills passed up to
a certain hour.
Mr. BADGER. I call the Senator to order.
We have at this very session adopted a rule that
a motion to suspend the 16th and 17th joint rules
shall, at all times, be in order, be immediately
considered, and be decided without debate.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I suppose I can answer
my friend from North Carolina.
Mr. BADGER. I was only stating the rule.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope I may be allowed
to say to the Senate, that this resolution is entirely
different from similar resolutions which have been
passed at previous sessions. We usually pass
resolutions suspending the rule as to a particular
bill. This is general as to time.
Mr. BADGER. I call the Senator to order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. My statement is made.
The resolution of the House was concurred in.
HON. DAVID L. YULEE.
On motion by Mr. MORTON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub 
mitted by him yesterday;
Resolved, That there be paid, out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, to Hon. David L. Yulee, a sum equal to
the amount of mileage and per diem compensation of a
Senator trom the commencement of the present session to
the27th instant, the day on which the Senate decided that
the Hon. Stephen R. Mallory, whose seat in the Senate
was claimed by him, was duly elected a Senator from tlie
State of Florida.
Mr. ADAMS. Mr. President, I cannot vote
for this resolution. I know it is said that it has
been customary heretofore, both in this branch of
Congress and in the other House, to allow a con-
testant for a seat the same compensation as a regu-
lar member. There are some cases where I have
great regard for precedents, but I am not bound by
precedents exclusively in anything, and if it has
been the case heretofore, it has, in my humble
opinion, been wrong, and we should not pursue
that wrong any further. If a man who brings his
case in a court of justice fails to recover, he is
taxed with the costs from the commencement of
the suit to the lime of the rendering of judgment.
The fact that a man who claims a seat m this
body is rejected, is prima facie evidence at least,
that he had no sufficient ground for contesting the
seat.
I have no unkind feelings towards the claimant
here. I am not going to consider the propriety
or impropriety of his claim to a seat on this floor,
but he has made a claim which no Senator could
be found to vote for; and simply because he
thought proper to set up a claim for which not
one Senator could be found to vote, we are to pay
him mileage and per diem compensation. Vou
might just as well attempt to give mileage and
compensation to a man who is around this city,
whom I have seen, who presents a claim upon
this body for damages sustained by reason of false
imprisonment; and he speaks of annihilating this
Senate unless we pass his claim. I think that un-
der the circumstances, he maybe as much enti-
tled to pay and mileage as this claimant here. If
we establish it as a universal principle that we will
allow a claimant to a seat here, mileage and com-
pensation, may not the individual to whom I re-
fer, instead of claiming for damages for false im-
prisonment, set up a claim to the seat of one of us
here, and could we not with as much propriety,
under those circumstances, vote for paying him
mileage and compensation ? That individual un-
doubtedly has been incarcerated at the instance
of the Senate, and, as acknowledged by many,
unjustly. He therefore seems to have some claim.
I think this is all wrong, and I therefore move to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the Senator will
not make a speech on one side and then move to
lay the resolution on the table, cutting of a reply.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw the motion.
. Mr. MORTON. I find that the resolution which
| I have introduced will lead to a protracted discus-
sion, and I am unwilling to put it in jeopardy by
forcing it to a vote at tins time. I move, there-
fore, that for the present it lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND. I am directed by the Com-
; mittee on Public Lands, to which was yesterday
l eferred the bill from the House, " granting the
, ' right of way and making a grant of land to the
| ' States of Arkansas and Missouri, to aid in the
construction of a railroad from a point on the
' Mississippi opposite the mouth of the Ohio river,
via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary, near Ful-
ton, in Arkansas, with branches to Fort Smith and
' the Mississippi river," to report it back without
amendment, and recommend its passage. I wish
to ask for its consideration now
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I object.
The PRESIDENT. One objection will not
prevent its being taken up, but it iequires a ma-
jority to consider the bill at this time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I objected to making
the report; and I ask if the .Senator can make the
report now, after the morning hour has expired,
without obtaining consent from the Senate? '
The PRESIDENT. That is not necessary.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I thought that had been
the practice.
The PRESIDENT. The report has been re-
ceived, and the question now is on the motion to
take up the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
