712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
posed to have influence with the editor of the
Review, to get them to use their exertions to per-
suade him to desist in his course, which was calcu-
lated to injure the Democratic party. Among
others, he called Upon the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,] if X am not mistaken,
and if J am, X hope the gentleman will correct
me 
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, (interposing.) X had
a conversation with Judge Douglas, which 1 will
speak of when the gentleman shall have done^if
he desires it.
Mr. RICHARDSON, (continuing.) At all
events, he called upon others, and thus did more
than he was required to do. He did not stop here.
He did not want quarrels among his friends. He
sought to avoid them. I have said Judge Douglas
knew nothing of what the January number con-
tained until he saw it in print. Before the issu-
ing of the February number, he did learn, from a
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Peck,] thatit would
contain an attack upon General Butler. Upon
learning that fact, he immediately telegraphed to
the editor to suppress it. The editor of the Re-
view writes back the following letter, which 1 will
read:
Aaron Uoesji, iVew York, Fcfiruarxj iid, 18;^.
Hon. S. A■ Douglas—rfru : X <tm llappv to inform vou
that your telegraph eaim: too late to .save your fiiencl, Gen-
eral liiltlei; and cancloi compels me to say, tnat bad ll come
uuime, it wo^Id not have changed a word ot'the aiticle.
We know the man; and the Review would bo treacherous
in its duties to tile party it it tailed to expose Ins delnuiaen-
cies. '
The fogie atmofcpheie of Washington makes cowards of
you all, and the sooner you undm-tand that you cannot
direct the columns of the Iioview, the better.
GEO. N. SANDERS.
The editor announces his purpose to conduct
the Review in his own way. He has that right
if he will exercise it, and 1 do not know how you
will control it. My purpose is hot to enter into
his defense: he is fully competent for that task
himself. My object is to repel the implication of
Judge Doughs's connection with tlie Review,
which, without, being directly charged, is covertly
sought to be tixed upon him.
Thefacts which 1 have stated were known to the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breckinridge]
before he made his speech. Tins should have been
sufficient, of itself, to have protected judge Douglas
from the unjust implication to which the gentle-
man's remarks most clearly rendered him obnox-
ious. I take it to be a fact, too well established to be
doubted, that Judge Douglas had no control over
the paper in question, or influence with its editor.
This fact being established, the whole matter is
concluded; and what, I might ask, further can be
stud m defense of these assaults. This fact thus
clearly established, is sought to be overthrown by
an inference. It is said Judge Douglas recom-
mended the Review, ami therefore he indorses
and approves all that it contained. I might ask .
if this is true. ThatJudge Douglas, in common ^
with many members of the Senate and House !
including, as it is believed, the friends of every I
Democratic aspirant for the Presidency—did si n j
a recommendation, as has been the custom for '
years past, is not denied. Jn order that this matter |
may be fully understood, I call upon gentlemen to I
publish that recommendation, with the names of I
Senators and Rcpresentatives in the order in which I
they were signed, (hat we may seethe terms of the ]
recommendation and the names of the persons
attached. When we get that pappr with the j
signers, ! will submit tlie .question to them, and !
each of them, how fir they should be held respon- j
sibie for each and every article that has anpeared I
m the Review. '
One word in relation to myseli. When oslred '
the other day by the gentleman from Kentucky, i
"whether Jud^e Docgla** Signed the recommenda- ii
Hon for the Review before or after tlie issuing of <|
the January Xo. of that paper, J said it wa*°be- '
y?' Xhat statement was lased upon this fact: '
Judge Douglas had forgotten the time when he I
uid so sign, out recollected that at the same time I
he signed the recommendation he paid Ins sub- j
scripnon, ami took a receipt therefor. Tha< re- !
ceipt bears date January 6th, and that was before I
the January issue of that paper. Sow, I want to
talk peneuly free and frank Up01i this subject.
Tna. date may be erroneous, it may be wrong; if
that date given by the agent is correct, the state-
ment, then made is correct—if a wrong date, the i
faui.is with the agent; and now to free this matter I
of al! doubt, while I cannot say whether the date
is the true one or not, gentlemen are at perfect lib-
erty to assume, if they wish, that it wasafter, and
they can make the most of it. For by assuming
that it was after, it places the friends of other can-
didates in the same category with Judge Douglas.
I am not here to quibble about a date, when the
only object is to establish an inference, to over-
throw an ascertained fact.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. One word before
the gentleman goes on. I do not know what may
be the custom of the House, as I am a new mem-
ber; but there have been a number of direct per-
sonal allusions made by the gentleman to myself,
which it is absolutely necessary that I should
answer. I do not wish to take up the time of the
gentleman. I do not want to deal unjustly, and I
want to have an understanding now that I may be
allowed to make an explanation when he has done.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I do not know what
allusions I have made to the gentleman. I have
merely stated facts. The gentleman is perfectly at
liberty, when 1 do him injustice, to reply, and set
me right. I would not intentionally do him wrong
for the.world." I now make that disclaimer.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. A gentleman has
notified me that when the gentleman gets through
with his remarks, he will object, I having spoken
once uppn this subject
A Member. Amendments have been offered
since, and he can't object, if you get the floor.
Mr. R. But I mustpassfrorn that subject. lam
not getting along as fast as I thought I would. I
had no idea that I would be drawn into the remarks
I have. This is a most unwelcome task to me. I
have concluded my reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky; but before L pass from this subject I
would like to say that I want no strife m the Dem-
ocratic party. [ have not brought this subject
here. It has be>m forced upon the House against
my will—against my consent. Being here, we :
invite the fullest discussion—the fullest assaults, if
they have any to make, upon Judge Douglas; but, .
if any, make them directly. The remembrance
of defeats ought to make us concede everything '
for measures and demand nothing for men. I am
here ill that spirit to-day. 1 ever have been here
in that spirit. There are some other things, Mr.
Chairman, to which I feel it my duty to make
reference.
There is one subject upon which I have not
spoken, upon which 1 deem it necessary to touch.
I know that it is said—not here, but elsewhere 
that Judge Douglas is the steam candidate for the
Presidency; but that whole question is brought in
a shape that we cannot get hold of it. I want to
meet it at once. I give it the flat denial. There
is not one man owning an interest in any of the
ocean steam lines, so far as I have been enabled to
ascertain, favorable to Judge Douglas as his first
choice. There are throe steam lines. Aspinwall
& Co. are all Whigs, and not for Douglas, but
for the Whig candidate. Of the firm of Law,
Crowell Roberts—owners of the line from New
York to Chagres—the first, two are understood to
be for General Cass, and the latter (Mr. Roberts)
for the Whig candidate. Mr. Collins—owner of :
the line from New York to Liverpool—is under- i
stood to be for General Cass or Governor Marcy.
Not one of the proprietors of the various lines is
for Judge Douglas, so far as I know or have been
able to ascertain. If there is, will any gentleman ,
name him? Is there any gentleman here who i
would do it ? I do not say that these gentlemen are !
hostile, but that they prefer other gentlemen. 1
Mr. OLDS. Perhaps it was meant that Doug- •
las will go by steam when he is nominated. '
[Laughter.]
Mr. RICHARDSON, i have no doubt about I
it. The Wh:gs will see sights when he is nomi- i
nated. There is an element of popularity about j
iiim fi om the fact that, by his owxi unaided exer- I
tion, lis iias conic up from poverty to eminence, !
tid he occupies, ft forty yeai.s of age, as proud a
position fis any man in America. I
There is another charge. Now, I hear it said i
here sometimes that Douglas has sold out and <!
transferred his interest to tins man, that man, and I
the other man. To each and eveiy statement of ;
this kind, separately and distinctly, I give a flat
denial. Judge Douglas is a candidate, and he!
has a right to be. !
U is said that he has stirred up strife in differ- \
ent States. Iam here to repel any such charge.
I make the declaration without any qualification,
that m no instance has he sanctioned opposition
, to any Democratic candidate in his own State. I
j make the broad declaration, that he has sought to
j avoid those things which would lead to a contest,
j and having done so he is notliableto these ehargea
: that have been preferred. What is there that has
: drawn upon him all this assault?
I will not go into these controversies. I have
nothing to do with them between this and that
man and the oilier man. I am here for a specific
purpose, and 1 have endeavored to perform it
without making; any assaults. I make assaults
upon none. Judge Douglas has made assaults
upon none, and lie has retired from the contest
wherever a candidate has been presented in a State.
He has made no fight with anybody, and has de-
sired his friends should make none. Of one thing
I can speak, and that with pride: Whatever divis-
ion there may be among the different States upon
local candidates, in Illinois there is but one senti-
ment, one view, and one wish among the Democ-
racy. Illinois can give for Judge Douglas such
a majority as 110 State in this Union has ever given
before. But wherever the nomination may fall,
you may look to that Democracy, you may ex-
pect to find them as firm, steadfast, and reliable as
her own regiments have been upon the field of
battle when fighting the enemies of their country.
She will give a vote to your c:ndidate, be he who
he may; and her Democracy will presentan undi-
vided front when the trial comes.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN obtained the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE, I will ask the gentle-
man to yield me fifteen or twenty minutes of his
time, to make a personal explanation.
^ Mr. WASHBURN. I will yield the floor, if it
'j is understood that it is not to come out of my
!i time.
i Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I will say to my
, | friend fiom Maine, [Mr. Washburn,] that I may
not occupy more than fifteen minutes. I have
! never asked a favor ot the House. I am not used
j to its customs. It is necessary for me to make a
J personal explanation, springing outof the remarks
j of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son,] and I hope the House will allow me this ex-
planation, and that it shall not come out of the "
time of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
burn.]
[Cries of "Agreed!15 "Agreed!" "That's
right!"]
Mr. WASHBURN. I will yield the floor to
j the gentleman from Kentucky"for the purpose of
> a personal explanation, understanding he will not
occupy more than fifteen minutes, retaining my
right to the floor.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. Consciousof the pu-
rity of my own motives, and of my own course,
I have heard with surprise, but with composure,
tne speech of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Richardson.] J made a speech in this House
some days ago, in which, after a discussion in-
volving geneial politics, in answer to the gentle-
man from Florida, [Mr. Cabell,] I turned to notice
the course which had been pursued by the Demo-
cratic Review, in reference, not to one only, but
all the Democratic candidates for the Presidency,
except one. ] noticed that Review, because ;t was
. not an ordinary partisan sheet. Any newspaper
j through the country might have uttered what it
! pleased, and I should have paid no attention to it.
| it was because this Review occupied a peculiar
position of d.g.Tity and importance in the party,
and had been purchased and diverted from its
original purpose, and turned into a campaign
paper, striking- right and left at all the best names
of the Democratic party, that 1 introduced this
matter upon the floor of the House. 1 introduced
it not to make an assault upon anybody, as the
gentleman tiorn Illinois [Mr. Richardson] sup-
poses and charges. I introduced it—it m'ghthave
been presumption in me—for the purpose of giving
the Democratic party warning of the dimensions
springing up m their midst. I noticed it for rite
purpose of repelling the assault made by this Re-
view upon the well known prineiplesof the party,
and upon the tried and i eliable men of the party.
I naye since heard many gentlemen express then-
opinions in reference to the tone of this speech,
and I believe that a vast majority of the members
upon this floor do not consider that it contains
