1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
By Mr. LETCHER: The petition of P. W.Cooper and
others, citizens of Hardy and Shenandoah counties, Vir-
ginia, praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Moor«field,"in the county of Hardy, to Mount Jackson, in the
county of Shenandoah.
By Mr. DOTY: The petition of Abe} Hawley, Leonard
J. FarweH, and others, lelative to the improvement of the
navigation of" St. Clair Flats," in the State of Michigan.
Also, the petition of J. B. Mitchell, Davis H. Waite, and
others, praying for a mail route from Fond du Lac, by
Rosendale, Ripon, Cereseo, and Dartford, to Princeton.
Also, the petition of John C. Sherwood, A. B. Hamilton,
and others, citizens of Dartford, in favor of the same route.
By Mr. ABERCROMBFE : The petition of Junius Gor-
dan and others, praying an appropriation for the establish-
ment of a regular mail communication, at frequent intervals
of time, on the Gulf coast, between such points as are now
provided.
By Mr. St. MARTIN : The memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce of New Orleans, signed by P81 citizcns and
commercial firms m said city, praying Congress to grant
them the means, and appropriate a sufficient sum of money,
to remove the obstructions and clear out the mouths of the
Mississippi river.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana: The memorial of a dis-
interested citizen of New Orleans, asking that the salary of
the judge of theUnitedStatesdistrict court at New Orleans
ased.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, Jutit 2(j, J832.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order,
is House bill No. 280, making grants of land to
the several States andTerrifories for the construc-
tion of railroads, and for other purposes.
On the motion of Mr. DISNEY, by unanimous
consent, it was
OrderedhTh&lthe pauers in the caseof'Lieufenant Thomas
i,yon be withdrawn from The files of the House, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LANE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce n resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. LANE. I appeal to the gentleman from
North Carolina, to allow me to introduce the res-
olution. It wjlj cause no debate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am very anxious to dis-
pose of the bill now before the House. I must
insist upon the regular order of business.
Mr. LANE. I ask the gentleman at least to
allow me to say a word with reference to the ob-
ject of the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I must object.
GRANTS OF LANDS FOR RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER. The question pending-is upon
the passage of the bill.
Mr. MILLSON. I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB. It is very obvious that but a small
portion of the members are present. I move a
call of the House.
The SPEAKER. That can only be ordered
by unanimous consent.
Objection wns made.
Mr. SWEETSER. In order that we may have
a quorum present, 1 move that the House do now
adjourn, and upon that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion being taken the result was—yeas 8, nays 158.
So the House refused to adjourn.
[A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asbpry Diciuns, its Secretary, announ-
cing that the following bills had been passed by that
body, viz:
An act for the relief of John Jackson;
An act for the relief of John Le Roy; and
An act to revive, for a limited time, an act in
relation to donations of land to certain persons in
the State of Arkansas.]
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that when this
House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet on
Monday at eleven o'clock, and that it continue to
meet at that hour till the end of the session.
Mr. FICICLIN. I hope the hour will be fixed
at ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
at this time. It is in order to make the motion that
when the House adjourns to-day, it adjourn to meet
at that hour, but the gentleman cannot change the
regular hour of meeting unon a simple motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I wish to give no-
tice that I will offer such a resolution upon Mon -
day.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order to give that
notice at this time ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, if objection
be made.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. Then the notice cannot be
entered upon the Journal.
The yeas and nays were then ordered upon the
passage of the bill.
The question was taken, and the result was—
yeas 96, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Babcock, iiarrere, Beale, Bell, Bennett, Bowne,
Bngg&, Brooks, George H.Brown, Barrows,E. Carrington
Cabell, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Clark, Cleveland, Chngman, Cottrnan, Curtis, Dimmick,
Dockery, Doty, Duncan, Evans, Ewing, Fowler, Henry
M. Fulici, Gilmore, Goodenow, Grey, Harper, Haws, Ha-
ven, Horsford, John W. Howe, Thomas M. Howe,Thomas
Y. How, Hunter, James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George
G. KingjKuhns, Kurtz,Landry, Mann, Martin,Meach.ini,
Milter, Henry D. Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Morri-
son, Murray, Newton, Outlaw, Andiew Parker, Samuel
W. Parker, Penn, Perkins, Porter, Rantoul, Robie, Russell,
Sackett, Schermerhorn, Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker. Bcud-
der, David L. Sej'mour, Origen S. Seymour, Smart,'Snow,
Stanly, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stratton, Taj lor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Toombs,
Venable, Walbridge, Waul, Washburn, Watluns, Welch,
Wells, Addison White, and Williams—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleton,
Ashe, Averett, David J. Bailey, Bissell, Bocock, Biagg,
Breckhmdge, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Burt, Busby, Jo-
seph Cable,Thompsori Campbell, Cartter,Caskie, Chastain,
Cliuiyhwell, Cobb, (Jolcock, Daniel, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Disney, Dunham, Durkee, Eastman, Edserton, Ed-
mundson, Faulkner, Ficklin, Fitch, Florence, Floyd, Gin-
man, Green, Hamilton, I. G. flarn^, S. \V. Hairis, Hart,
Hendricks, Hibbard, JJillyei, Holladay, Houston. Howaid,
Ives, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W.
Johi^on, George VV. Jones, J. Glaney Jones. Preston King,
Letchei, Lockhnrt, Mason, McLanahan, McMuIlin, Mc-
Nair. McQjieen, Million, Molony, Murphy, Nabers Olds,
Orr, Phelps, Powell, Iteed, Richardson, RobbmsRobinson,
R03S, Savage, Seuny, Smith. Smart, Sweetsci, George W.
Thompson. Town^liond, Wallace, Alexander White, Wil-
cox, Woodward, and Yates—87.
So the bill passed.
Mr. SUTHERLAND, when his name was
called, stated that he had paired oif with Mr.
Bowie, or he should have voted m the affirmative.
Mr. STEPHENS, rif Georgia. I move that
the vote just taken, by which the bill passed, be
reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
The title of the bill was then read, as follows:
An act making grant* of lands to aid in the construction
of railroads, and loi other purposes.
The question was taken, and the above was
adopted as the title.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the vote just
taken, by which the title of the bill was adopted,
be reconsidered, and that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOT/L. T was absent at thetime
the vote was taken upon the land bill this morn-
ing, being detained by an unavoidable accident.
I rise, therefore, for the purpose of asking the unan-
imous consent of the House that I may record
my vote in favor of the bill.
Mr. STUART. I object. _
Mr. COBB. 1 would inquire of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Bennett] if he has any
other bills to report from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands ?
Mr. BENNETT. I have not.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, then reported back, with adverse reports,
sundry petitions in relation to the removal of the
land office in the State of Alabama; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
have also instructed me to report back, with a
recommendation that it do not pass, House bill
No. 115, introduced by my colleague, [Mr. Smith,]
asking that the swamp lands granted or proposed
to be granted by the General Government per act
passed during the last session of Congress, may
be diverted to purposes other than those contem-
plated in the bill.
g fOn motion by Mr. COBB, it was ordered to be
laid upon the table.
LANDS GRANTED TO ALABAMA.
Mr. COBB. I would call the attention of my
colleague [Mr. Houston] to a bill which I am
about to report, founded upon a memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Alabama, accompanied
by a letter from the Governor of that State, ask-
ing the Cqngress of the United States to authorize
the State of Alabama to complete her location of
lands under the acts of 1847 and 3849. In accord-
ance with the provisions of those acts, she located
the lands to which she was entitled, but owing to
a location upon some lands in the State of Loui-
siana, which, when the returns were made to the
General Land Office, were found to have been pre-
viously located, or constituted a portion of old
Spanish grants, there was a deficiency to the ex-
tent of the lands so located. The Legislature of
Alabama has accordingly sent in a memorial ask-
ing Congress to extend the time for the location
of those lands. My colleague [Mr. Houston]
desires that the bill should be passed. He is pres-
ent and can make his own suggestions, inasmuch
as he understands the subject much better than I
do. It is simply a question as to extending the
time in which the State of Alabama may locate
the lands to which she is entitled under previous
acts of Congress.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, which was as follows:
"A bill to extend the provisions of the act approved
March 3d, 1847, and the act approved Fete^iary 25th, 1849,
for carrying into cfTect the existing compacts with the States
of Alabama and Mississippi, in relation to the live per cent,
fund and school reservation."
Mr. COBB. If it be the pleasure of the House
to pass this bill now, it will be an accommodation
to the State of Alabama, as she can then proceed
to locate those lands.
Mr. STUART. I wish to inquire if the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have made any report on
this subject ?
Mr. COBB. The committee have made no re-
port. I will say, however, that a letter from the
Governor, as well as a memorial from the Legis-
lature of Alabama, accompanies this bill, which
will explain the subject much better than I can
do it.
Mr. STUART. All I wanted was, that if the
Committee on Public Lands had made a report,
that report should be made known.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is the wish of my col-
league, [Mr. Cobb,] I will occupy the time of the
House a few moments. This bill is intended to
supply the sixteenth sections, or which amounted
to the sixteenth sections, which were lost to a cer-
tain portion of the State of Alabama by the treaty
between the United States and the Chickasaw
Indians, which treaty, as everybody knows who
has looked into it, bound the United States to put
up for sale, at certain specified periods, and at
certain graduated prices, all the Chickasaw lands,
irrespective and regardless of the sixteenth sec-
tions. Hence, certain portions of the State, lying
iu my district, lost the sixteenth sections. At a
previous session of Congress, a law was passed
authorizing the State of Alabama, within accrtain
time, to make selection of such an amount of
lands as would supply the deficiency. The agent
of the State did select the lands, but the selection
occupied all the time that was allowed by the law
of Congress. "When the selection,however, came
up to the Land Office, it turned out that a portion
of the lands he had selected had been previously
entered by individuals, and was then private prop-
erty. This bill proposes, as thetime has elapsed
in which th^e State is authorized to make the selec-
tion, simply to extend the time, and allow the
State again to select other lands in lieu of those
selected erroneously.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time and passed.
RIGHT OF WAY.
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public Lands
have also had under consideration Senate bill No.
362, to grant the right of way, &c., to the St.
Genevieve Iron Mountain and Pilot Knob Plank-
Road Company. The committee have matured a
general bill for railroads and plank roads, &c., in
such cases, which we think is better than the Sen-
ate bill; and I am instructed accordingly to make
an adverse report upon the same, and I move it
be laid upon the table.
The report was received, and the bill was or-
dered to he upon the table.
Mr. COBB. I now present a bill from the
same committee, founded on the memorial from
the Legislature of the State of Alabama, asking
the right of way and alternate sections of the
public lands to aid in the construction of certain
