1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1627
railroads and plank-roads. We have concluded
to report a general bill granting the right of way
to rail and plank roads m the United States. It
is a matter in which the whole country is inter-
ested more or less, and I slmll be very glad, if it
shai! be the pleasure of the House to pass the bill,
after having heard it read. But if there shall be
objection to it, it can be referred according to the
will of the House. I think, however, there can
be no objection to it.
The bill was then read a first and second time
by its title, as follows:
" A bill to grant the right of way to all railroads and plank-
rodih passing tlirough public lands belonging to the United
States."
Mr. BOCOCK. Let us have the bill read en-
tire.
The bill was accordingly read by its sections.
Mr. COBB. I think it will, perhaps, facilitate
the business of Congress, if there is no objection
to the bill, to have it passed now.
Mr. SWEETSER. 1 desire to submit a mo-
tion to refer that bill to the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BISSELL. I would surest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that m all probability su<-h a dis-
position of it would be equivalent to its defeat. It
is a harmless bill, and one that will save a great
deal of special legislation. It simply provides that
regularly-incorporated railroad and plonk-road
companies may run their roads over public lands
in any State where the Legislature of that State
shall authorize them to be constructed. It is
something which is never now refused in special
cases; and the only effect of the passage of this
bill will be to save Congress the time and trouble
of legislating upon scores of individual bills, ask-
ing the right of way for rail and plank roads over
the public lands. 'This general bill gives to regu- j;
larly-incorporated railroad and plank-road com- |j
panics the right and privileges of running over >
public lands in any State wiiere the Legislature of j
that State shall authorize them to run. |
Mr. SWEETSER.. I hope the gentleman from <
Alabama [Mr. Cobb] will allow me to reply. j
Mr. COBB. Certainly; I yield the gentleman I
that privilege.
Mr. SWEETSER. I would yield with great
pleasure to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. BisbELL,] did I not know that the
rights which would be conferred by this bill would,
to a great extent, be abused. It is well known to
members of this House that I make a question in
relation to the right proposed to be granted by
this hill; and that objection I wish to discuss in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. I do not believe it is necessary to have
the action of Congress in relation to this matter.
I should be glad to accommodate the gentleman
could 1 agree with him in his conclusions; but
should the House determine against me, I shall
be satisfied. I deem it a matter of duty to ask
the House to refer this bill to the Committee of
the Whole, where we may discuss it.
Mr. BISSELL. I will ask the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Swei-.tser] to give way to me, that I
may make a motion which will obviate the diffi-
culty. Though I regard it as a harmless bill, yet
I well know that members have not examined it;
and to avoid the difficulty of sending it to the
Committee of the Whole, and to give every gen-
tleman an opportunity to investigate it, I will move,
if the gentleman will allow me the floor for that
purpose, that the consideration of this subject be
postponed to a day certain, say until Wednesday
next. . . .,
Mr. SWEETSER. I yield to the suggestion
of the gentleman, and withdraw my motion to
refer.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suppose Mon-
day will be long enough to postpone it.
Mr. BISSELL. Say Monday, then.
Mr. STEPHENS. Will not this be the first
business in order on Monday15
The kSPEA KEPt. The Chair thinks it will.
Mr. STEPHENS. Has the morning hour ex-
pired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not. .
Mr. COBB, f move to recommit this bill to tne
Committee on Public Lands, and that it be printed.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio. Is it in order to make
a motion to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is m order.
Mr. CABLE. Then I make that motion.
Mr. COBB. How can the gentleman get the
floor to make that motion?
The SPEAKER,. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb) has not yielded the floor, the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cable] cannot make
the motion. |
Mr. COBB. I have not yielded the lloor. I j
move that the bill be recommitted to the Commit- j
tee on Public Lands, and that it be printed. |
The SPEAKER. That motion has already i
been made. !
Mr. COBB. Then I move thatthe House pro- !
cecd to the consideration of business upon the
Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has not
expired, and the motion is not. m order.
Mr. COBB. Then I call for the previous ques-
tion on my motion to commit.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Will the motion
made by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Cobb,] supposing it to be adopted, procure the
printing of the bill, to which the motion refers?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to withdraw the motion to postpone
and print, and to move that the bill be recommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands, and that it be
printed.
Mr. STANTON. If the motion to print be not
put, will the bill be printed '
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. STANTON. Then i do not see the ne-
cessity of postponing it.
Mr. CART PER. Has the morning hour now
expired ?
The SPEAKER. Jt has.
Mr. CARTTER. I move that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of business upon the
Speaker's table.
Mr. DANIEL. T move that, the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the Private Calen-
dar.
Mr. HAMILTON. I make the inquiry of the
Chair whether the Pennsylvania contested-election
case is not the first business now m order?
The SPEAKER. It is, if called up.
Mr. HAM ILTON. I then move we proceed
to its consideration.
Mr. DANIEL. I submit whether my motion
is not in order? Tins contested-election case can
be considered next week. We have not transacted
private business for several weeks. E tinstwe
will go into Committee of the Whole on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Pennsylvania contested-
election case is now under consideration, upon
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dams] is entitled to the floor, and unless he yields,
it is not m order for the gentleman from North
Carolina to submit the motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I am willing
to yield the floor, to allow the gentleman an oppor-
tunity to submit his motion.
[Cries of " Oh, no !" "Oh, no !"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I am of the opinion that we
can complete the consideration both of the con-
tested-election case and the business to which the
gentleman from North Carolina refers.
Mr. DANIEL. I submit now the motion that
the rales be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar. i
The question was then taken, and it was dis- ;
agreed to.
PENNSYLVANIA CONTESTED ELECTION. ,
The SPEAKER. The business now in order |
is the consideration of the Pennsylvania contested-
election case, upon which the gentleman from j
Massachusetts is entitled to the floor. !
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, then addressed i
the House in opposition to the report of the Com-
mittee, and m favor of the right of the sitting
member, Mr. Fuller. [Mr. D.'s speech is pub-
lished m the Appendix.]
Mr. HAMILTON addressed the House an
hour, in support of the conclusions of the com-
mittee that the election had been irregular, and
that the seat of the sitting member should be va-
cated, and the election returned to the people.
[His speech is published in the Appendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS addressed the House an hour,
I in favor of the right of the sitting member to the
seat, maintaining that it was not shown that the
election was irregular or illegal.
Mr. ROSS next obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. STUART, who moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to, and the House ad-
journed till Monday next.
j IN SENATE.
11 Moxpay, June 28, 1852.
!j Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
jj The Secretary being about to read the journal,
!j Mr. BRODHEAD arose and said: I move that
ji the reading of the Journal be dispensed with. Tt
i contains mainly the action of the Senate on a
i large number of adverse reports. The Journal is
I very long, containing some twenty or thirty passes,
which will occupy some time in the reading. This
I think cannot be necessary, and I hope the read-
I ingwill be dispensed with,at least so far as relates
, to theadveise reports.
! ■ Mr. MANGUM. I think it is a very bad pre-
cedent indeed, to dispense with the reading of the
Journal ever. 1 know that it has sometimes been
| done, at or near the close of a session, when the
Senate is pressed for time; but I think it is a very
bad precedent.
The PRESIDENT. Does the Senator from
North Carolina object?
, Mr. MANGUM. I do.
The reading of the Journal was proceeded with,
j, Mr. MANGUM subsequently rose and said;
. At the instance of other gentlemen, I move to dis-
pense with the reading of the Journal, so far as
' relates to the action of the Senate upon the long
list of adverse reports only.
The motion was agreed to, and the residue of
the Journal was read and approved.
CHEVALIER HULSEMANN.
A message from the President of the United
| States was received by Mr. Millard P. Fill-
II more, his Secretary, transmitting: a report of the
i1 Secretary of State, made in compliance with ares-
ij olution of the Senate of the 3d instant, requesting
;■ the President to communicate to the Senate, if
consistent with the public interests, a copy of a
[j communication made by M. Hulsemann, now or
j late Charge d'Affaires of the Emperor of Austria,
J on or about April 29, 1852, to the Secretary of
' State of the United States, on the occasion of the
; withdrawal of M. Hulsemann from his place as
Charge; also, a copy of the reply thereto, made
| by the Secretary of State; and also copies of all
i, con espondence touching the matters which are the
! subjects of the said communication of M. Hulse-
mann, containing the above correspondence; which
j | was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
M
jj PETITIONS, ETC.
j' Mr. FISH presented a memorial of merchants
,j and shipmasters of New York, praying an appro-
.! priation for the purchase of a suitableplot of ground
; m one of the large cemeteries near that city, for
1 the use of seamen; which was referred to the Com-
!, mittee on Commerce.
ij Mr. MASON presented a memorial of the
!' president and directors of the Alexandria and
| Washington Turnpike Company, praying an ap-
propriation for the repair or reconstruction of the
b Potomac Bridge connecting Washington city with
j the Virginia shore; and also praying that the atten-
tion of Congress may be directed to the subject
during the present session; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of citizens of
Bracevxlle, Ohio, praying that the bill now pend-
ing before Congress, commonly called the " home-
stead bill," may become a law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SOULE presented the memorial of John
L.Collins, praying remuneration for Josses and
damages sustained^ in consequence of his expul-
sion from Mexico; which was referred to the
select committee appointed on the subject of
claims against Mexico.
Also, a memorial of importers of wines, bran-
dies, &c., at New Orleans, praying an increase of
the number of gaugers, at that port; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DOWNS presented the memorial of An-
