716
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which main question was
on ordering the bill to af third reading.
The bill, according to order, was then read the
third time.
Mr.CLINGMAN" demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr, DAWSON" demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill; which were not or-
dered.
' The question was then taken and the bill was
passed.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table, which latter mo-
tion was agreed to.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON". If it is m order, I now move
to postpone the spccial orders, which are under
discussion, until next Wednesday.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wiii say to
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Houston,] as he seems to be urgent
about this deficiency bill, and 1 suppose theie is
soma little pretextfor it, for the sake of accommo-
dation, I propose that, by general consent, the
homestead bill occupy its place as n special order,
and that it go over informally until next Wednes-
day. But really these departments deseive very
little favor at the hands of the House, when they
will go on and expend money—and th.it, too,
when the House has withheld the appropriations,
and struck them out of the bill—and then come
here in the shape of a deficiency bill, and ask us
to appropriate the money.
ytv. STANTON, of Kentucky. I shall be com-
pelled to object to it. It is the first time 1 have
made an objection of the kind si < e I have bern a
member of Congress. I think if the members of
the House will turn their attention to the galleries,
they will see abundant reasons, why (he special
orders ought not to hecontimied. There are work-
men m those galleries, who have been hiou<rhtfrom
distant cities of the Union to assist in constructing
the edifice winch we are now about adding to the
building. 1 have been tiying, from the banning
of (lie session to the piesent moment, to «.;ot per-
mission of this Congress to permit that work to
be finished. If it is to be completed, it is wise
economy and good policy that it should ho con-
tinued and completed speedily. Why this dtlay?
Why is it necessary > There is no "«*ood reason
why it should be suspended. These men a! e here
without the means of support. They have been
invited here by your action—the action of the last
Congress. They Inn e their families to support.
They have crowded your galleries to-day, to wit-
ness the clfeot of your action. I hope ihut the
special orde«s will not be postponed.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to stjite, in ioply to
the gentleman from Kentucky, {Mr. Sta\ttu_\\]
and also tnv friend from Tennessee, [Air. John-
son*,] th u / aro not at this moment pressing that
the House shaii pass this deficiency hill, unless it
shall see fit to do so, I th;uk,even if It deiennine
to negative the deficiency b>i], it is the highestduty
we owe to the country, the Administration, and
the Govnmnuit, that wu should act upou it. 1
want at'tmn. If llv Horse shall see fit to «;ote
down the o.ll, the i e pori^>:. i!:fy is with them, and
then we know where we stand. So much !-y way
of suggestion t-j the gen'Jeman firm Tennessee,
[Mr. JoHNSOW]
Now, s',r, I put ii io the g-entk-mau from
tueky, is it more important that v,'e should pre-
pare a job for \vorku:en who have ^ome iic: o e\ph
under oircumstaiicct. that might excite our sym- !
pathy in their behalf—is it more important to do ;
that, than to buy iiorces to moiitit our 01 my to
protect emigrants u;: the road to Oregon nnC- Cali-
fornia.^ la ;t more important to do it, thuo tu le- ,
jnslate m a way that would save the honor of the '
country by providing means to prevenr our bills I
being dishonored and protested'—thereby involv-I
mg the Government in heavy damages, and in- !
creasing the price of e-, ery article sold to the army !
Cajtorma and that region of country, because !
oi ttie 1 ac'. taa>, it is known the bills cannot be >
paid ? * |
Mr, STANTON, of Kentucky If the eentle- i
mujt irtl1 allow me. ! will say "in reply to that, 1
that the same power that has expended money
over and above what was appropriated by Con-
gress, can, ill any emergency of this kind, spend
more money for the protection of these emigrants.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be. But i have
a letter from the Department which I propose to
have read, which shows that the cre.ditoi the Gov-
ernment has already been used,and that it has be-
come bad, that the bills have to be shaved, and the
persons who sell supplies to the Army are increas-
ing the prices of those supplies, for the purpose of
meet.ng the deficiency from the losses they have
to sustain on Government bills.
There are gentlemen all around me who are in-
terested in this matter, and are pressing it. The
members from Texas are interested, and the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means were drawn up before
this House some time ago because that defici-
ency bill had not been reported. The bill is there
piinted, and ready for action. I ha\e pressed
tn season and out of season to get action upon it,
but the House has universally voted me down.
The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson]
is kind enough now, to agree to waive the posi-
tion which he has acquired by the special order,
and 1 hope the gentleman from Kentucky will
agree to do the same thing.
Mr. WALSH. Jn connection with what was
so well said by the gentleman from Kentucky, I
want to present to the House, by their uanimous
consent, the memorial of these workmen, and I
hope it maybe read.. I want them to tell their
own story to this House.
[Cries of " Object."]
Mr. WALSH. Well, I am entitled to the floor,
I believe.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not felt dis-
posed to arrest this discussion, but it is very clearly
out of order.
Mr. WALSH. Well, but I hope the Chair
will allow something to be said 111 reply to what
has been said by the gentleman from Alabama.
The SPEAKER.. Certainly.
Mr, WALSH. There is 110 such case of suffer-
ing as that of these men. They have coine here,
supposing the work would be continued.
Mr. EiCKLIN. I object to this discussion,
unless it is to go 011 011 both sides.
Mr. WALSH. Well, I will only say that this
whole matter can be settled 111 fifteen minutes.
These people have had actually to sell their beds
to get bread; and to talk of the sufferings of other
people 111 view of such sufferings as these, is really
an insult to humanity.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Alabama is to postpone the further
consideration of the special order. That measure
is not now 111 the possession of the House, and it
can be reached only by unanimous consent. That
consent is not given, and there is, therefore, an
end of the matter.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the House
will hear me for one moment, I wish to "make a
single si-ggeslion, winch, it seems to me, would
relieve the difficulty that gentlemen complain of so
loudly.
No objirtion being made.
Mr. J. continued. I was going to suggest to
those gentlemen who seem to lie so ur ent for the
relief of these workmen—and there are none more
so th.1.1 myself, for 1 do not yield to any gentle-
man on this floor in sympathy for those who have
to toil and labor for their support, but 1 do object
to making speeches to the lobbies, and pointing
round to men sitting here and thci-", either as la-
borers or as any other description of pe)sons—
hut what I was going to say is, that we have
just had or example set of the way 111 which this
hill can be passed speedily. Tins hill, if it is so
meritorious, and 1; these men are so deserving of
relief at the hands of this Congressman he brought
out of the committee, placed before the House,
and put upon its passage, if this bill is so merit-
or.ous and deserving, and if these in en are exposed
to such siulernig—and I will go as far as he who
goes tarthest to leheve them—by unanimous con-
sent the committee can be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill, it can be broeght be-
fore the House, and put upon its passage. If there
he no objection, I will no w move to d'scharge the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. DUNHAM objected.
Mr. ST A NTON, of Kentucky. I raise a point
of order, and it is'this: That the motion is per-
fectly m order under rules 136 and 137, which are „
as follow:
<kThe House may, at any time, by a vote of a majority of
the members present, suspend the rules and orders for'tha
purpose of going into the Committee of the Whole House on
the state ol the Union ; and also for providing1 for the dis-
charge of the Committee of the Whole House, and the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union—
January 25, 1848—from the further consideration of any bill
refeired to it, after acting without debate on ah amendments
pending, and that may be offered.—March 11,1814."
" Except during the last ten days of the session, the
Speaker shall not entertain a motmn to suspend the ru'es of
the House at any tune, cxcept on Monday of every week :
provided nothing herein contained shall bo construed to
alter so much of the 136th role as provided a* follow* :k The
k House may at any time, by a vote of a rnajoutv of the
' members present, & impend the rules and otder& lor the pur-
1 pose of gojnjrinto the Committee of the Whole House on
j < the state of the Union, and al. o for providing for the «h- -
c charge of the committee from the further consideration of
'any bill referred to it, after acting without debate on all
' amendments* pending, and that mav be offered.' "—Decem-
ber 18,1847.
There is no amendment now pending to the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Those rules do
not fit the case at all. The only way in which it
can be done is by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order
made by Mr. Stanton.
Mr. NABERS moved that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put, and it was decided in
the negative—ayes 44, noes not counted; so the
House refused to adjolirn.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON HOMESTEAD BILL-
Mr. STANLY. Is it in order to offer a reso-
lution to terminate debate on the homestead hill?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. STANLY then offered the usual resolution
to close the debate in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, on the bill to encourage
agriculture, and for other purposes," at three
o'clock to-morrow, (Thursday.)
Mr. S. said, on that motion X ask for the yeas
and nays, that the country may see who is respon-
sible for the delay of the public business.
Mr. FICKLIN moved to amend the resolution
by striking out "to-morrow," and inserting in
lieu thereof "Thursday next."
Mr. HOUSTON. I think if the gentleman
from North Carolina will not press his motion,
there is a disposition in the House to agree to
postpone the special order until Wednesday next,
and give the deficiency bill the intermediate time.
I think the gentleman from Kentucky, if he can-
not get his bill before the House, will agree to it.
And it seems that he is about to fail of getting the
committee discharged from the consideration of
that bill.
1 would be willing that his hill should come
forward, and be voted on now; but as he cannot
obtain that, I hope he will not object to the post-
ponement of the special order, for the purpose of
acting on the deficiency bill. 1 therefore,trust
the gentleman fiom North Carolina will withdraw
his resolution to close the debate.
The SPEAKER. Is the resolution withdrawn?
'j Mr. STANLY. No, sir. If the chairman of
'[ the Committee of Ways and Means yields in
; this way, he will not get the bill through this ses-
! sion.
\ Mr. HOUSTON. If my motion does not pre-
, • vail, I shall then vote for the resolution to stop
j debate at the earliest possible time, i ask that a
; vote may be taken upon my motion to postnorif
; the special orders.
The SPEAKER. That motion could only be
I submitted by unanimous consent, and there was
! objection.
, Mr. HOUSTON. I unders tood there waf- no
■ objection to it.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I object
! The question was then taken upon Air. Fick-
! lin's amendment to the resolution closing debet**.
; and it was decided in the negative.
i So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
i resolution.
j Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, moved to lay
the resolution on the table.
: ^ Mr. STANLY. 1 ask for the yeas and nays,
' that we may see who is responsible for the delay
i of the public business, and. the consequence*
■ wlreh must result from it.
i The yeas and nays were ordered
On motion by Mr. OFR,
