2492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 31,
of the claims of Virginia for liKe services as prescribed by
this act."
S8lh amendment. Add the following section:
Sec.17. And be it further enacted. That the accounting
officers of the United States Treasury are hereby directed
to ascertain the amount justly due to Henry L. Kenney for
subsistence, medicine, forage, &c., furnished by him to the
company of Texas mounted volunteers commanded by
Captain CharlefeM. B!ackweil,from September 10, 1849, to
December 10,1849, and pay him the same out of the sum
of $72,000 already appropriated for such purpose, by virtue
of the second section of an act entitled 'An act making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with various Indian tribes, for the year ending 30th June,
3851,> approved September 30th, 1850: Provided, That the
same shall not exceed the sum of $6,114 76."
30th amendment. Add the following section:
"Sec. 18. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the board of
officers designated by the act of the 3d of March, 1851, to
procure sites for the military asylums, by and with the ap-
proval of the President of the United States, be, and they
or a part of them are hereby, authorized to examine the Blue
Lick Springs and the lands attached thereto, and if the same
be found eligible for the purpose, and can be secured of the
proprietors, or any suitable quantity of the land, including
the buildings, at a reasonable price, to purchase the same
for the Government of the United States, and locate thereon
the Western Military Asylum."
The Committee of Conference further recom-
mended that the House of Representatives do
recede from their disagreement to the following
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same
with amendments, as follows:
1st amendment. After the following Senate
amendment—
" For subsistence, $1,047,185"—
insert the following:
"Provided, That the Commissary Department may use,
in advance of the regular appropriation for the fiscal year
ending 30th June, 1&54, $275,000 of said sum for yaid fiscal
year."
3d amendment. The Senate propose to amend
the following clause, by striking out " two hun-
dred and twenty-five" and insert "three hun-
dred." The committee recommend to agree to
the same by amending, by striking out " three
hundred" and substituting "two hundred and
fifty," so that the appropriation shall be $250,000:
" For the incidental expenses of the Ciuariermastcr's
Department, consisting of postage on letters and packets
received and sent by officers of the Army on public service,
expenses of courts-martial and courts of inquiry, including
the additional compensation to judges, advocate, recorders,
members, and witnesses while on that service, under the
act of March 16th, 1802; extra pay to soldiers employed
under the direction of the Uuartermaster's Department m
the erection of barracks, quarters, store-houses, and hospi-
tals ; the construction of roads and otlier constant labor for
period-* of not less than ten days, under the act of March
2d, 1819; expenses of expresses to and from the frontier
post** and armies in the field; of escorts to p lymasters,
other disbursing officers and trams, when mil; \iry escorts
cannot be furnished; expenses of the intern: .it of non-
commissioned officers and soldiers ; authorized office fui-
niture ; hire of laborers in the Gluartormast<« Depart-
ment, including hire of interpreters; spies and guides for
the Army; compensation of clerks to officers e< the Quar-
termaster's Department; compensation of foray • and wag-
on masters, authorized by the act of July, 1838 , for the ap-
prehension of deserters, and the expenses incident to their
pursuit; the various expenditures required for fie first and
second regiments of dragoons, the companies o:' light artil-
lery, the regiment of mounted riflemen, and sn-!i compa-
nies* of infantry as nm> be mounted, including !!.'• purchase
of traveling forges, blacksmith's and shoeing t wis, horse
and mule shoes, iron, hire of veterinary surgeon- and med-
icines for horses and mules, $225,0j0."
16th ameudment. The committee recommend
an agreement to the 16th amendment of the Sen-
ate, by inserting the words " to Congress" in
italics, and striking out after the word " service"
the following words: " and that upon being satis-
fied of the correctness of the claims which may be
reported favorably upon in whole or in part, he
shall proceed to audit and pay the same," so that
it shall read as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for tin1 pay and
equipment as mounted riflemen, finding their own horses
and forage, of the volunteers serving under the (Minmand of
Captain John O. Frdinont, in California, during the jear
1846, as appears by the inustrr rolls on file in the War De-
partment, and for the subsidence and supplies consumed
by said volunteers in said service,.^168,000 ic> hereby appro-
priated out of any money in the Trea-^ury not oth /wise ap-
propriated; and the Secretary of War is authorized and
tmpowfred to appoint three competent and disinterested
officers of the Army to examine and report to Congress upon
ail r>uch claims as may be presented for funds advanced and
subsistence and supplies of all kinds furnished or taken (or
the use of said command whilst thus engaged in the public
service; and for the expenses of said boaid of oificeis, the
Mim of $2,000 is hereby appropriated.
17th amendment. Strike out from the 17th
amendment of the Senate, at the end thereof, the
following words:
" And that the benefits of the provisions oi the said section
shall apply equally to ail, whether they have paid into the
Treasury all the public money in their hands or not"—
so that it will read as follows:
" Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the second section
of an act entitled «An act to provide for the settlement of
the accounts of public officers and others who may have re-
ceived moneys arising from military contributions, or other-
wise, in Mexico,' approved March 3d, 1849, shall be so con-
strued as to extend to officers and other persons who were
engaged in the collection of military contributions as col-
lectois in any part of Mexico or California during the war
with Mexico."
21st amendment. In th6 21st Senate amend-
ment, strike out after the words " Treasury De-
partment," the words " together with interest as
aforesaid on said claim from the time said advances
were made by said State," and add at the end
thereof the words—
" Provided, That the same principles be applied in the set-
tlement of the claims of the sale of Alabama and all other
States for moneys advanced in raising, subsisting, and trans-
poiting troops for the Mexican wai"—
so that it will read as follows:
" Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there be appro-
priated as aforesaid, lor refunding to the State of Michigan
the amount advanced by said State in organizing, subsisting,
and transporting volunteers previous to their beu.g mustered
into the service of the United S'ates, during the late war
with Mexico, $20,000; which said sum, or so much thereof
as shall be nccessary to pay and cancel the claim of said
State, a"! presented and now on file in the office of the Third
Auditor of the Treasury Department, shall be paid by the
Secretary of the Treasury to the Governor or other proper
officer of the said Stale of Michigan: Prooidei, That the
same principles be applied in the settlement of the claims
of the State of Alabama, and all other States, for moneys
advanced in raising, subsisting, and transporting troops for
the Mexican war."
The Committee of Conference further recom-
mended that the Senate do recede from its follow-
ing amendments, viz:
5th amendment. The Senate's 5th amendment
was to strike out " 5" and insert " 8" in the fol-
lowing clause:
" For transportation of the army, including the baggage of
the troops when moving either by land or water; of clothing,
camp, and gamson equipage, and horse equipments, from
the depot at Philadelphia to the several posts and army de-
pots ; of subsistence from the places of purchase and from
the places of delivery, under contract, to such places as the
circumstances of the service may require it to be sent;
of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms from the
founderies and armories to the arsenals, fortifications, fron-
tier pos.s, and army depOs; freights, tolls, and ferriages;
for the purchase and hire of hor*es, mules, oxen, wagons,
carts, drays, ships, and other sea-going vessels and boats,
for the transportation of supplies, and for garrison purposes;
for drayage and cartage at the several posts; hire of team-
sters, ; transportation of funds for the pay and other disburs-
ing department-?; the expense of sailing public transports
on the various rtveis, the Gulf of Mexico, and the Atlantic
and Pacific ; and for procuring water at such posts as, from
tln-ir situation, require that it he brought from a distance,
l ,500,000"—
So that the appropriation should be "$1,800,-
000" instead of " $1,500,000."
6th amendment. The 6th amendment was to
strike out " 65" and insert "95" in the following
clause:
"For ordnance stores and supplies, as follows: For procure-
ment of side-arms and accoutrements for artillery, infantry,
cavalry, and riflemen; materials for and preparation of siege
and field ammunition; wages of mechanic* engaged in ma-
king carriages, implements, equipment', lmrne«<, &c.; and
for "purchase of miscellaneous supplies of ordnance stores
for issue to the army, $65,000."
8th amendment. Insert as follows:
" For completing the survey of a route from the valley of
the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, m addition to the bal-
ance unexpended under the act of ihe 3d of March, 1849,
.<*34,90a."
10th amendment. Insert as follows:
"For armament of fortifications $100,000 ; of which
$50,000 shall be applied 10 the purchase and labrication of
i guns ofthe heaviest caliber, with tlieir carriages and equip-
ments (or the defense of the Pacific coast of the United
j States."
1 11th amendment. Insert after the the following
'' clause—
! For completing the light-house at Sand Key, Florida,
" ^44,127 8r —
ji the following- words:
!1 " And the construction of said work shall be continued
I and completed under the Topographical Bureau, by J. VV.
!' P. L -'Wis, who hns hitherto had chaige of it; and so much
II of any act of Congress as requires that an officer of the
i Army shall be employed in constructing said work be, and
: the same is hereby, repealed."
: ] 3th. amendment. Strike out the following eec-
j tion—
!1 Se« • 3. Aiul be it Jurthcr cnacted, That so mm h of the
|i act making appropriations for the support of the Army for
| the year ending June 30, 1851, approved September^, 1850,
| as provider extra P<y to the commissioned otBeers and en-
!! listed men of the United States serving in Oregon or Cal-
I; iforma, be, and the same is hereby & continued in force for
one year from the 1st day of March, 186*2; and that the pro-
vision of the last-mentioned act be, and is hereby, extended
to New Mexico during the current year, provided tor by
this section, and that $300,000 be, and is hereby, appropri-
ated for that purpose : Provided further. That said officers
and men shall receive only one half of the iact eased amount
over the regular pay allowed by law"—
and insert in lieu thereof the following:
« That for extra pay to commissioned officers of the Army
of the United States, serving at posts west of the States of
Missouri and Arkansas, and in the eighth, ninth, tenth, and
eleventh military departments, $226,665, on the following
basis, to wit:
" That there shall be allowed to all commissioned officers
$1 50 per day, in addition to their present pay and allow-
ances."
18th amendment. Insert as follows:
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War be directed to procure a sufficient number of camels to
ascertain whether or nottlvy can be naturalized and ren-
dered serviceable upon this continent, and that the sum of
$30,000 be appropriated for the purpose."
29th amendment. Insert as follows:
" Sec. 19. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That from mid after
the passage of this act, the principal assistant in the Engi-
neer Bureau of the War Department shall receive a com-
pensation not less than that which the principal assistant
in the Ordnance Bureau of the War Department now re-
ceives." *
A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Mr. Dickins, its Secretary:
Mr. Speaker: The Senate have agreed to the amend-
ment of this House to the bill of the Senate (No. 486) en-
titled "An act to constitute Alton, in the State of Illinois, a
port of entry."
The Senate have agreed to the reports of the Committees
of Conference, on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on Ihe bills of the following titles, viz :
"H. R. No. 314. An act establishing certain post roads."
" H. R. No. 220. An act making appropriation for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1853."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. In the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill, which has just been
passed, there is a verbal error concerning an hon-
orable member of this House, which was not
brought to my notice until this very moment. As
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, by
the direction of that committee, I moved an ap-
propriation to our colleague [Mr. Ingersoll] for
pay as Charge d 'Affaires, from August to January,
which covered the period when there was no min-
ister there, and whilst he acted as such. By a
mistake of the Clerk, it was madefrom August till
May. It ought to be August till January. There
will be no error in the settlement of the accounts,
but I desire to make this statement in his justifica-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill has not
yet been reported as correctly enrolled, and I move
that the error be corrected.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The report of the Committee of Conference on
the Army bill was then adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider that vote,and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) That the
17th joint rule of the two Houses be suspended for the
remainder of the present session, so far as relates to the ap-
propriation, light-house, and post road bills.
The 17th rule reads, as follows:
"No bill or resolution that shall have passed the House
of Representatives and the Senate, shall be presented to the
President of the United States for his approbation on the
last day of the session."
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am directed
by the Committee on Printing to move to take up
a joint resolution from fhe Senate, which provides
that the Clerk of the House, the Secretary of the
Senate, and the clerk of the Committee on Print-
ing, shall, during the recess, audit and settle the
accounts of the public printer. If the resolution
be not passed, it will impose upon the Committee
on Printing the necessity of remaining here during
the recess to settle and adjust those accounts. I
move the resolution be taken up and passed.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
taken up for consideration.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
S. 61. Joint resolution relating to the printing of Congress
dnnngthe recess:
Resolved, That the Seaietary of the Senate, the Clerk of
the Hou«e, and the Cleric of the Committee on Printing,
jointly, be, and they are hereby, authorized to examine,
audit, and pass upon all accounts for printing and binding,
during the recess ofthe present Congresson the same man-
ner as is done by the Committee on Printing during the
session of Congress.
