mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
dfew Hodge, jun., praying the enactment of a law
authorizing such an arrangement with ht'm as one
of Che sureties of AViiiiam H. Kerr, late postmas-
ter at New Orleans, as will, while it protects the
•Government from total loss, save him from ruin;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. , ,
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented three peti-
tions from citizens of Iowa, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, commonly known
as the " homestead bill," may become a law;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Wil-
liam D. Porter, a lieutenant in the United States
Navy, praying an appropriation for an explora-
tion of the interior of Africa, by the way of the
White Nile; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. BRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of Milford, Indiana, praying that the bill now
pending before Congress, commonly known as
the " homestead bill," may become a law, which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER. I wish to present the memo-
rial of clerks and others connected with,the Cap-
itol, setting forth the deleterious effects of the
Alanthus tree growing on the Capitol grounds,
and praying the adoption of measures for its ex-
termination, which I move to refer to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings. In connection with
this, I wish to call the attention of the committee
to the following notice, which I see in one of the
morning papers:
"Declared a Kmiance.—We learn that the Board of
Health have declared the mimeious shade tree.- planted m
various parts of the city, called the Alanthus, (or tree of
Heaven,) which emits, when 111 bloom, so oppressive an
odor, a nuisance, and, as a consequence, will ultimately
be supplanted by others less objectionable."
I merely wish to call to this the attention of the
Committee on Public Buildings, that they may
give us their determination on the subject at as
early a day as possible.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings.
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. STOCKTON, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Evelina Porter, widow of
Commodoie David Porter, on the files ot the Senate, be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FKLCH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of Jo-
seph TraskoUuvski, praying to be allowed addi-
tional compensation for surveying certain public
lands, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that the petitioner have
leave to withdraw his petition and papers; which
was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I ask, on behalf of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, that it be discharged from
the consideration of numerous petitions, asking
for grants of land to several States for the pur-
pose of constructing railroads. Most of these
petitions have been acted upon ditectly or indi-
rectly in the reports heretofore made. I move that
the committee be discharged from their further
consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FELCH. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report back the bill granting to
the State of Wisconsin the right of way and a
donation of the public land for the purpose of lo-
cating and constructing a railroad from Milwau-
kie to Prairie la Crosse. A bill has already passed
embracing this route, and I move, with the con-
sent of the Senator from Wisconsin, that the con-
sideration of the bill be indefinitely postponed.
Mr, WALKER. I have no objection to that
course.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EELCII also, from the same committee, to
which was referred the bill making a grant of pub-
lic lands to the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, in aid of the construction of a railroad from
Cincinnati to St. Louis, submitted an adverse re-
port thereon.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary iffairs, to which was referred the report of
the Secretary of War in relation to the settlement
of accounts of officers connected with military
contributions, reported a bill to amend an act enti-
tled " Ail act to provide for the settlement of the
' accounts of public officers, and others, who may
' have received moneys arising from"military con-
' tributions, or otherwise, in Mexico," approved
March 3, 1849; which was read and passed to the
second reading.
Mr. ATCHISON, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which was referred the report of
the Second Auditor, communicated the 21st of
April, with copies of certain accounts, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration there-
of, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing; which was agreed to.
Mr. DOWNS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of John Crawford, praying to be allowed to locate
a certificate for forfeited land stock on public land
lying beyond the territory for which the certificate
w^s granted, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill for his relief; which was read and passed to
the second reading. The report was ordered to
be piinted.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Captain Joseph Whipple, praying the settlement
of his account on principles of equity and justice,
-submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Captain Joseph
Whipple, deceased; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BAYARD, from the select committee, who
were instructed by a resolution of the Senate to
examine and report what alteration should be
made in the plan for the publication of the returns
of the Seventh Census, as exemplified in relation to
the State of Maryland, submitted a report; which
was ordered to belaid on the table and printed.
Mr. CLEMENS. I have here a memorial,
which I suppose reached the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims by mistake. It is the memo-
rial of the heirs of Pascal Detchmendy, praying
the confirmation of their title to a tract of land in
Missouri. An adverse report was made in the
case on the 28th of March, 1850, which was
agreed to by the Senate on the 21th of Jane, 1850.
There have been no new papers presented since
that time. It therefore reached the committee at
this session in violation of the rule, and I suppose
by mistake. I move that the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims be discharged from the further
consideration of it.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY SITES.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Committee on Military
Affairs have instiucted me to report a bill to
amend an act entitled "An act authorizing the
sale of certain military sites," approved March
3d, 1819, and to ask that it be considered now.
This bill has been prepared at the request of the
War Department, to meet a necessity that has
arisen in that Department. As it is merely to
supply what nisy be called an omission in the
former law, I ask that it may be taken up now
for consideration.
The bill was read a first time and ordered to a
second reading. There being no objection, it
was read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee ot the Whole. It provides that the act
" authorizing the sale of certain military sites,"
approved 3d March, 1819, be so construed as to
apply to all military sites and arsenal sites belong-
ing to the United States which may be found at
any time to be useless for military purposes.
Mr. CASS. There cannot be any objection to
this bill. I have had some occasion to^ look into
the matter, and I find that the case is simply this:
The Attorney General has decided that the law of
1819 does not extend to sites acquired subsequently
to its passage. Therefore, where the United
States have acquired such sites subsequently to
the passage of the original law, and they have
become useless, the Department has no power to
dispose of them, and there they remain. The
only object of the Department is to extend the law
to the present time; so that sites acquired subse-
quently, as well as previously, may come within
the original law, as was evidently the intention.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
BILL PASSED.
The engrossed bill for the relief of Benjamin S.
Roberts was read a third time and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the following bills:
An act to extend the provisions of an act ap-
proved March 3,1847, and an act approved Febru-
ary 26, 1849, for carrying into effect the existing
compacts with the States of Alabama and Missis-
sippi, in relation to the five per cent, fund and
school reservations; and
An act making grants of lands to aid in tfie con-
struction of railroads, and for other purposes.
The above-named bills were read a first and
second time by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A further message from the House of Repre-
sentatives also announced that it had passed the
bill from the Senate to amend an act entitled " An
act to carry into effect the convention between the
United States and the Emperor of Brazil of the
27 th of January, 1849, "approved March 29,1850,
with an amendment.
CHARGES AGAINST THE BOUNDARY COMMIS-
SIONER.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to offer the following
resolution:
Bcsolved, That tile charges preferred by Colonel J. Mc-
Clellan. of the Topographical Corps, and otheis, against
J. It. tiartjett, appointed commissioner to run and mark the
boundaiy line between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico, be referred to a select committee of five for in-
vestigation, witli power, if necessary, to send foi persons
and papets.
I desire that this resolution may be received
now by the Senate, and I will call it up to-morrow
for action. There were some charges made against
me a few years ago to the Senate, when 1 was
acting as commissioner on that boundary line, to
which I desire to reply. I now give notice, that
I shall on to-morrow call up the resolution.
The resolution was laid over under the rule.
SHIP CANAL AT THE SAULT STE. MARIE.
Mr. FELCH. There is a bill on the table pro-
viding for a donation of lands for the construction
of a ship-canal around the Fails of the Sault Ste.
Marie. When that bill comes up, I desire to offer
an amendment, which will be, in fact, a substitute
for the bill. I would ask, either that the bill be
taken up to permit me to offer the amendment, or
by unanimous consent, I will offer the amendment
now, and have it ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDENT. If such is the pleasure of
the Senate, it will now be received informally, and
ordered to be printed, so as to be in the possession
of Senators when the bill comes up for considera-
tion.
There being no objection, that course was pur-
sued.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
I and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,
| And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 28, 1852.
The House met at twelve <s'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Buillk.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
RIGHT OF WAY TO RAILROAD COMPANIES.
| The SPEAKER. The business first in order.
! is the consideration of the motion made by the
i gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] to recom-
mit to the Committee on Public Lands House
bill No. 284, entitled A bill to grant the right of
way to all rail and plank roads passing through
lands belonging to the United States."
THE GARDINER CLAIM.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the resolution I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read.
Mr. COBB. Will the time occupied in the con-
sideration of the resolution be taken from the
morning hour ?
Mr. OLDS. I ask its introduction and consid-
| eration before the House proceeds to the special
I order.
:j The Clerk then read the resolution, as follows:
ii Whereas, it is believed that spuiious and fraudulent
