2494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August 31,
ficers and seamen, including engineers and marines attached
to vessels for sea service, $686,200"—
add the following::
" Ft being provided that so much of the act approved
March 3d, 1831, entitled <An act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending the 30th of June, 1852,'
as provides that'no commutation of rations shall be al-
lowed, except to officers and their attendants, and for the
spirit part of the ration,5 be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
" For a scientific investigation and experiments upon the
character of alimentary substances used as subsistence in
the Navy, and means to prevent their deterioration, $2,500 ;
to be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy."
5th. After the following clause—
" For repair of vessels in ordinary, and for wear and tear
of vessels in commission, including fuel and purchase of
hemp, $1,065,000"—
add the following:
" And the Secretary of the Navy be, and he is hereby,
authorized and required to have completed, with the least
* possible delay, the war-steamer contracted for with Robert
L. Stevens, in pursuance of an act of Congress approved
April 14th, 1842; and the balance of the appropriation here-
tofore made, which has been carried to the credit of the
surplus fund, shall be used for that purpose."
12th. After the following" clause—
" For meteorological observations, to be conducted under
the directions of the Secretary ofthe Navy, $2,000"—
add the following:
" For the payment of the salary of Professor James P.
Espy during the fiscal year ending June 30th, 1848, no ap-
propriation having been made by Congress for that year,
$3,000."
37th. After the appropriations for the Marine
Corps, add the following:
''For purchase and freight to San Francisco of patent
black marine paint tor painting the interior of the sections
and end floats ofthe California dry-dock, §1,500."
33th. Add at the end of the above, the follow-
ing;
" For a deficiency in the act making appropriations for
the naval service for the year ending 30th of June, 1850,
approved 3d March, 1849, lor paying the unsatisfied de-
mands upon the fund for continuing the survey ofthe coast
on the Gulf ot Mexico, from Appalachicola Bay to the Mis-
sissippi, .-$2,110 62 j to bf taken out of the balance ofthe
fund appropriated for that purpose by the act of 3d of March,
1819, and which has been carried to the crcdit of the surplus
fund."
40th. After the second section, add the fol-
lowing:
u For the building or purchase of suitable vessels, and
for prosecuting a survey and rcconnoissance for naval and
commercial purposes, of such parts of Bohring's Straits, of
the north Pacific ocean, and of the China seas, as are fie-
quented by Arnuiican whales-hip-, and by ttading vessels in
their routes between the United States and China, under
th« direction ofthe Secretary of the Navy, the sum of
$12.>,000: Piov>ded, That the expense of purchasing or
building and of equipping, with the exception ofthe arma-
ment, and of fitting out these vessels, shall not exceed the
sum hereby appropiiated."
43d. Add as an additional section the follow-
ing:
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary
of the Navy be, and he i*. heiebv,authorised and directed to
select a site lor a navy-yaul and naval depot in the Hay of
San Fiancisco, in California, or neighboring waters, either
by purchase, or by reservation of public lands, as the case
may be,, and shall cause the same to be surveyed, and a plat
thereof to be recorded in proper form ; and when such se
lection -hall have been made, the said Secretary shall
make such arrangements as may be necessary to establish
a navy-yard and naval depot upon the most approved and
economical plan on the site so obtained, and cause to be
erected a foundery, machine shop, blacksmith shop, boiler
fchop, cngme-houfe, pattern  hop, cai penter shop, and store
house; and for the purpose of carrying this section into
effect, the sum of $100,000 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopriated."
44th. Add the following new section:
" Sfc.4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
the Navy be, and he hereby is, directed to appoint some
suitable naval olficeroi engineer to receive and superintend
the constiuction ofthe floating dry-dock m California.'*
And that the two Houses agree to the second
amendment of the Senate, amended as follows, to
"wit: In the 9th and 10th lines of said amendment
strike out the words " during the late war with
Mexico, and since that period," and insert instead
thereof, "since the 28th of September, 1850;"
and m the 33d line strike out "1,200," and insert
in lieu thereof,  1,000,"—so that the clause will
read:
£C And the proper accounting officers of the Treasury be,
and they are hereby, authorized and directed to allow and
pay, out ot any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propiiated, to the officers, petty officers, seamen, and ma-
rines o* the United States Navy, and to the office! s and men
ot the revenue seivice who served in the Pacific ocean on
the coast of California and Mexico, since the 38th day of
September, 1850, the same increased or additional compen-
sation as has been by law directed to be paid to the officers
and soldiers of the Army who served in California; and
the several officers who served on the late Arctic expedi-
tion m search of Sir John Franklin shall, in addition to the
pay with which they have already been credited, be allowed
for the period during which they so served, the following
compensation respectively, namely: the commander of the
expedition the pav of a commander; the passed midship-
men the pay of lieutenants; the passed assistant surgeon
the pay of a fleet surgeon; the assistant surgeon the pay of
a surgeon ; the midshipmen the pay of passed midshipmen
—all as on sea service; and that there be allowed to the
warrant officers, and to the petty officers and men that com-
posed the crews of the vessels employed on that expedition,
extra pay equal to the regular pay with which they have
been credited for their services on the said expedition; and
the pay of chaplains m the Navy shall be $1,000 on leave or
waiting orders, and $1,500 while on duty."
And that the two Houses agree to the 3d amend-
ment of the Senate with the following amendments:
In line 8, strike out " 1,500" and insert " 1,000;"
and in line 11, strike out {<9" and insert "8"—so
that the clause will read:
"And the salary of the assistant to purser for the navy-
yard at Kittery, Maine, who also discharges the duties of
clerk arid stewatd, shall he $760; and the pay ot the ' first
clerk to the commandant' at the navy-yards at Norfolk,
New York, and Huston, shall be at the rate of $1,000 per
annum; and that the ' second clerk ot the commandant'at
the same yaids shall be at the rate of $800 per annum from
and after the passage of this act."
That the Senate do recede from its 8th amend-
ment, which is as follows:
From the following clause—
"To complete the quarters for the students and profess-
ors at the Naval Academy at Annapolis, the sum of 75,000
dollars. And hereafter no appointment of midshipman,
acting midshipman, or pupil at any naval f-chool m the
Navy, shall be made unless recommended by the member
of Congress representing the district m which the applicant
resides, in the same manner that cadets at West Point are
now appointed; and that the Secretary ofthe Navy is hereby
required to report to this House, at us second ses-ion,the
number and names of appointments to the Naval School
which have been made; and the district and State whence
each one comes ; and the number of vacancies then existing
at said school, wuh the Congressional district which may
be entitled to supply them; and a statement of the order in
which the iein.iinder of the Congiessional districts shall be
entitled to supply all future and accruing vacancies, so far
as it may be determined by existing law, or by circum-
stances''—
strike out all after the word " dollars," and that
the two Houses agree to amend the clause men-
tioned in the Senate's amendment, by striking
out of the lltli and 12th lines, the words " this
House,"and inserting in lieu thereof " Congress,"
so that it will read:
"And hereafter no appointment of midshipman, acting
midshipman, or pupil at any Naval School m the Navy,
shall be made, unless recommended by the member of Con-
gress representing the distuct in which the applicant icsidcs,
in the same manner that cadets at West Point aie now
appointed; and that the Secretary of the Navy is hereby
required to repoit to Congress, at its second session, the
number and names of appointments to the Naval School,
which have been made ; and the district and State whence
each one comes; and the number of vacancies then existing
at said school, with the Concessional district which may
be entitled to -apply them ; and a statement of the order in
which the lemamderof the Congressional districts shall be
entitled to supply all futuie and accruing vacancies, so far
as it may be determined by existing law, or by circum-
stances."
That the Senate recede from their 41st amend-
ment, which is as follows:
"Smke out sections two and three, which are as fol-
lows :
"Sec. 2. Jlnd beit further enacted, That all act^ or parts
of acts authorizing the President of the United States, or
the Secretary ofthe proper Departmentunderhisdirection,
to transfer any portion ot the moneys appiopriated for a
paiticular bianch of expenditure in that Department, to be
applied to another branch of expenditure in the «ame De-
pal tment, be, and are hereby, so tar as relates to the Navy
Department, repealed ; and no portion of the money appro-
priated by this act shall be applied to the payment of any
expense^ incurred pitoi to the 1st day of July, 18.>2.
"Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted. That it shall be law-
ful for the President of the United States to appoint com-
mandos in the Navy, as well as captains, for chiufs of the
bureaus ot navv-yards and docks, and of ordnance and hy-
drography, and of construction, equipment, and repair."
And that the two Houses agree to strike out of j
the second section all after the word i 'repealed"
in the 8th line, and the whole of the third section,
so that it will read:
"Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all acts or
parts of acts authorizing the President of the United States,
or the Secretary of the proper Department under bis direc-
tion, to transfer any portion of the moneys appropriated for
a particular branch of expenditure inih.it Uepaitment, to
be applied to another bianeh of expendimie in the same
Department, be, and are hereby, so far as 1 elates to the
Navy Department, repealed,"
That the House recede from its disagreement
to the 45th amendment of the Senate, which is as
follows:
" Add to the bill the following:
"Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the percent-
age added by law to the pay of the clerks employed in the
executive and legislative departments of Washington, be,
and is hereby, allowed to the clerks employed at the navy-
yard and marine barracks, and the city post office, In the
city of Washington."
And that the House do recede from its disagree-
ment to the 46th amendment of the Senate, which
is as follows:
" Add as an additional section ;
" Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That all paper used
by the public printer for the space of sixty days from tins
date shall be furnished by him at cost, and shall be of the
quality and description specified in the law passed at this
session of Congress."
And that the two Houses agree to amend the
same by inserting in the first line, after the word
"enacted," the following, to wit:
''ThatRobert Armstrong, the public piinter, be, and is
hereby, directed to execute, without delay, the public print-
ing ordered by either House of Congress sitice his election
as public printer, and "—
so that the clause will read:
"Sec. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, T-bat Robert Arm-
strong, the public printer, be, and is hereby, directed to ex-
ecute, without delay, the public printing ordered by either
House of Congress since his election as public printer, and
that all paper used by the public pnritei forthe«pace of
sixty days from this date shall be furnished by him at cost,
and shall be of the quality and description specified in the
law passed at this session of Congress."
Mr. PHELPS. I call for the previous question
upon the adoption of the report.
The callfor the previous question was secondedj
and the main question was ordered to be put.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its
Secretary, notifying the House that that body
had agreed to the report of the Committee of Con-
ference on the naval appropriation bill.]
Mr. CARTTER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the report of the Committee
of Conference on the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. 1 desire to know
whether, among the amendments adopted, there is
one for fortifications?
Mr. PHELPS. There is not.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the report was
adopted—yeas 92, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Allen, Allison, William Apple-
ton, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Bennett, Bowie, Breckin-
ridge, Brooks, Burrows, Busby, E. Carrington Cabell, Cald-
well, Chandler, Chapman, Chngman, Conger, George T.
Davis, Dean, Dockerv,Doty, Duncan, Edmnndxon, Evans,
Ewmg, Faulkner, Florence, Freeman, Henry M. Fuller,
Gentry, Gilmore, Goodrich, Gorman, Hammond, Harper,
Hart, Haws, Hascall, Ilavcn, Holladav, Jackson, llobert
W. Johnson, George G. King. Kuhns, Landry, Martin,
McCorkle, McMulhu, Miller, Millson, Molony, Henry D.
Moore, John Moore, Morehead, Outlaw, Samuel W. Par-
ker, Peaslee, Penn, Phelps, Polk, Porter. Price, Reed,
Richardson, Riddle, Robbins, Sackett, Schermerhoin,
Schoolcraft, Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour, Skeiton,
Snow, Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. Stanton,
Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddens Stevens, Stone, St. Mar-
tin, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor, Thompson,
Thurston, Walbndge, Walsh, Washburn, Wells, and
Yates—9£.
NAYS—Mes«rs. Charles Allen, Averett, Babcock, Bar-
rere, Beale, Bibighaus, Brenton, Albert G. Brown, Buell,
Thompson Campbell, Carttei, Caskie, Clark, Cleveland,
Cobb, Curtis, Darnel, Dawson, Dimmick, Durkee, East-
man, Edgerton, Fickim, Floyd, Green, Hall, Hamilton,
Isham G. Harris, Horsford, Howard, John W. IJowe,
Thomas Y. How, Irigcrsoil, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew John-
son, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glaticv Jones,
Preston King, Kurtz, Letcher, Mann, Mason, McNair,
McQueen, Morrison, Murray, Newton, Andrew Parkei,
Penntrnan, Perlcms, Powell, Robie, Savage, Benjamin
Stanton, Sweetser, Townshend, Tuck, Wallace, Wat-
kins, Addison White, Wilcox, and Woodward—bl.
So the report of the Committee of Conference
on the naval appropriation bill was adopted.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
17th rule be suspended on all bills passed up to
this time.
There was no objection and it was so ordered.
Mr. CARTTER. I wish the House would
give their unanimous consent to a motion to fur-
nish the Patent Office with ten thousand extra
copies of the Patent Office Report. The provision
for that purpose was accidently omitted to be
made. The motion provides only for the usual
number.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The following joint resolution was reported from
the Committee on Enrolled Bills as correctly en-
rolled; which received the signature ofthe Speaker:
