718  
own body to receive and present him to the- Sen^P
ate, and after those expenses have been incurred :|
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11,
_.i his entertainment here—I say, that after all this.
I hope there will not be a gentleman of this body
who will hesitate to vote promptly to have these
expenses defrayed. ' — •
Mr. MASON, (in his seat.) Yes; in a proper
manner.
Mr, BADGER. I think we owe it to ourselves
to pay these expenses. With regard to the form
of the resolution, 1 think it is proper that these
expenses should be paid upon a resolution of the
Senate, and not upon a joint resolution. When
that gentleman came to this city, he came here
without any committee having been appointed by
the t-louse of Representatives to receive him, or
take charge of him, or present him to that body.
A committee had. been appointed by the Senate for
that purpose; and he was in the city something
like a week before the resolution was passed in the
House of Representatives authorizing his recep-
tion in that body. In the meantime, he was re-
ceived by our committee, placed in suitable quar-
ters in the city,and the expenses, now sought to be
defrayed, had been incurred. Itseems to me, there-
fore, that this matter properly belongs to the Sen-
ate,and it is our business to see that these expenses
are paid. I hope that the proposition of the Sen-
ator from New York will be adopted—that the
Secretary will audit these accounts, and ascertain
what is just; and what is just, ought to be paid.
Mr. BORLAND. I rise simply to suggest
that the consideration of this resolution be post-
poned; not for the reason that I intend to discuss
the subject to which it relates, but there is a mem-
ber of the Senate [Mr. Clf.mf.ns] who has given
notice that he intended to offer his views upon it
when it should come up. He is not now in his
seat, and as this is not a pressing matter, and
there are subjects which are of that character, I
move that the further consideration of the resolu-
tion be postponed. ,
Mr. SEWARD. I hope that motion will not
prevail. A large portion of this money will be
payable, if it is paid at all, to the keeper of one
of the public hotels in this city, who stands in need
of the money, and who has earnestly pressed upon
me to bring up this resolution as early as possi-
ble. I have not called it out of its order; but I do
not feel at liberty to consent to its being deferred
when it comes up in its regular course.
Mr. CASS. The honorable Senator from New
York had better accept the proposition of the gen*
tlcman from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.] If it were
put in the form of a joint resolution, it would
probably receive a move unanimous consideration
by the Senate. I must observe, however, that it
seems to me that you defeat the object and intent
of appropriation bills if you are to pay such a sum
as this, for such an object, out of the contingent
fund of tiie Senate. It'does not properly apply to
the matters to which the contingent fund of the
Senate should apply—the business of the nation as
connected with its own operations. It seems to
me to be one of those objects which call for the
joint action of Congress, and I repeat, that if the
resolution is put in the shape suggested by the
Senator from Virginia, I shall feei strongly in-
clined to vote for it. I am clearly of opinion,
however, that in its present shape it will meet
with much stronger objection than in the other.
Both Houses of Congress have had questions in
relation to this gentleman and his reception here
before them; and to have an appropriation made
by both Houses is, in my opinion, vastly more
proper than to say, " Pay it out of that contingent
fund which was set apart for carrying out your )
own operations." J
Mr. BADGER. I do not agree with the Sena- j
tor from Michigan. There is no propriety what- ;
ever moving this proceeding the shape of a joint !
resolution. On the contrary, I regard it asentiiely ;
inappropriate. These expenses were incurred i
under no joint proceeding of the two Houses; by
no joint committee of the two Houses, nor by !
any concurrent resolution; for the resolution which !
was passed by the Senate, and under which that !
gentleman was received here, and placed in quar- '
ters anu entertained, was a resolution adopted by !
the Senate, which had been in force for a week j
after his arrival in the city before any resolution !
was adopted m the House of Representatives, j
It was a movement-of our own; and now sir I
I should be glad to know for what expenses the j
contingent fund is designed, if it be not for ex-
penses of this kind. They are not the regular
and ordinary expenses of the Senate. Tt is clearly
a contingency—an expense incurred in conse-
quence of a resolution of the Senate, not relating
to the ordinary expenses of the body—and if this
is not a contingent expenditure, I do not know
what is. I, for one, am for meeting this matter
in the form in which it is proposed. If we give
it the form of a joint resolution, it is as much
as to infer that the expense was not incurred by
us separately. But it was incurred by us, and
we should not now attempt to give it a form which
it did not originally wear. It seems to me that
the resolution is right as it stands.
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 hope the motion to post-
pone the consideration of this resolution will not
prevail. I would much rather, so far as I am in-
dividually concerned—and 1 know that the gentle-
man who incurred this expense so generously
upon a contingency, would rather have the ques-
tion decided one way or the other now. So he
haw informed me. When Kossuth was made
the guest of the nation, and was on his way to
Washington by the invitation of Congress, the
question with us was, what were we to do ? We
tried to get the Executive to make some provision
for his entertainment, but it was declined. What
was to be done? Were we to invite the man and
make him the guest of the nation, and bring him
to Washington—a man whom we knew had come
out of a puson, and was poor—and then permit
him to remain in the streets ? Sir, most unhesi-
tatingly we determined to run the risk atonce and
made some provision for his entertainment. We
considered that the nation was already under ob-
ligation to receive him in accordance with the
dignity of the nation. Now, I take it for granted
that in this case there was one of two things to be
done: either to do nothing, or to do all that ought
to be done—either to stop before you begin, or not
to stop unul you end. [Laughter, in which the
Senator from Illinois himself heartily joined.]
My honorable and distinguished friend from
Michigan, as I understand, says this cannot be
paid out of the contingent fund, because that fund
is appropriated especially for national objects. If
this is not a national object, it ought not to be paid
out of any fund at all.
Mr. CASS. Because that fund is appropriated
to the expenses of the Senateas such.
Mr. SHIELDS. But I find there are prece-
dents for this. In the case of the unfortunate dis-
aster which occurred on board the Princeton,
which had no direct connection with the Senate
or with Congress, all the expenses were paid, as
I understand, out of the contingent fund of the
Senate. Yet it had no connection whatsoever
with the Senate, and no direct connection with
the Treasury, even. This is one precedent. But
m my humble opinion, we ought unhesitatingly
to pay this out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate, as has been suggested by the Senator from
North Carolina, [Mr. Badger.] My opinion is,
that unless we pay it out of that fund, it will not
be paid at all. I do not think a joint resolution
will pa«<s; then we shall be m the position of hav-
ing invited Kossuth here as the guest of the na-
tion, and of refusing to pay his expenses. I have
already said this is a Senatorial act; it was per-
formed by a committee of the Senate, and there
was no option left us. We had been appointed
by this body, and there was no preparation made
for receiving him. The Executive had refused to
make any provision for him, and the only ques-
tion was what we were to do.
Mr. SEWARD. If the Senator from Illinois
will allow me to interrupt him, I ought perhaps to
state that the Executive was consulted, and that
he recommended the course which the committee
afterwards took.
Mr. SHIELDS. Yes; that fact may be stated,
if it will give any force to the view I was present-
ing. Mr. Brown, the keeper of the hotel, has
been wailing a long time for his pay, and my im-
pression is, that unless it is paid out of the con-
tingent fund, it will not be paid at all.
Mr. PRATT. I do not exactly understand the
phrase used by the honorable Senator from Illi-
nois. But perhaps there is a meaning in it which
is apparent to his mind, which does not suggest
itself to mine. I mean the phrase in which he
says it is best to stop before vou begin, or not to
stop until you end. Now, i think I can put a
meaning upon it which would be sound policy to
follow, although it may not be precisely the mode
in which he would interpret it. I think we should
have stopped to make the appropriation before we
began to receive the man. If the committee, in
the unpleasant situation in which they were
placed, had applied to the Senate for authority to
make the appropriation, the Senate would not
have been in the position in which they now are
of having the money expended before any act was
passed to provide for its payment.
This man was carried to one of the public hotels
in this city, where he was .entertained. If the
committee had asked Congress or the Senate to
make an appropriation, and to put the money into
their hands for this specific purpose, it would
have been all right and proper. But they pursued
no "Such course. They entertained the man, and
the bill having been made out, they now come
and ask for its payment.
The question in the first place is, whether the
bill ought to be paid; and in the next place, whether
it should be done by a joint resolution or out of
the contingent fund of the Senate. I csn have no
earthly doubt if this bill is to be paid, that it ought
not to be covered up and paid out of the secret and
contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER.. The contingent fund is not a
secret fund.
Mr. PRATT. He comes here, the guest of the
nation, according to their theory, and he was en-
tertained as the guest of the nation. If this is so,
the expenses should be paid out of the national
fund. The first question is, whether the object is
proper; and the next is, what is the amount neces-
sary for the accomplishment of that object. Here
is a proposition to pay some $5,000. If the appro-
priation were of a larger amount, the principle
would be the same. Are we not to ascertain by
the report of a committee, or from some other
source, that this sum has been properly appropri-
ated to that object? Is there a bill ever presented
to the Senate asking for an appropriation of money
when there is no report of a committee, nor any
explanation, going to show that the amount asked
for is necessary for the purpose for which it is
asked ? It will be a matter of some curiosity to the
people of the country at large, to see the items of
this bill. T am sure the people of the country
would like to see how $5,000 were spent in ten
days in a public hotel by this man.
Mr. SHIELDS. In thirteen days.
Mr. PRATT. Well, if there were thirteen
days, I think it would be a matter of public curi-
osity to know how the money was spent. I ad-
mit that I should be very much pleased myself to
know in what way this sum could be properly
appropriated for the entertainment of one indi-
vidual for thirteen days.
Mr. SHIELDS. The gentleman says that he
does not understand my meaning, and insinuates,
in a measure, that 1 do not understand it myself,
when I say that we ought to have stopped before
we began, or not to stop at all till we got to the
end. Sir, I will tell that gentleman "what my
meaning is. If that gentleman invites a guest to
come and sit down at his table, surely he ought
not to ask him to bring his provisions with him!
[Laughter.] He ought to ascertain whether he is
able to entertain him before he invites him.
Mr. PRATT. When I ask a guest to partake
of my hospitalities, I know beforehand that I shall
be utile to provide something for him to eat. Now,
this gentleman was not invited under such circum-
stances; and I think it would have been well had
the committee ascertained that they had legiti-
mately the means of providing for him before they
undertook to entertain him.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator from Maryland
forgets that this gentleman was invited by the
nation and not by me, and that he, as a member
of that nation, is as much bound by its acts as I
am. Then, sir, as for reading over and examining
the items, I would just as soon invite a guest to
my table and, after I had treated him as well as I
was able, take all the items of which he had par-
taken and publish them, in order to disgrace him.
I do notca're what opinions gentlemen individually
entertain on this subject. None can deny that his
being invited was the act of the nation. They
have invited him and made him "their guest, and
the committee of the Senate, as the servants of
that nation, placed him in that hotel and made
arrangements for his reception; and I consider it
