1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2495
" A Joint Resolution relating to the printing of
Congress during the recess."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would suggest
the propriety of the House ordering the Executive
reports and communications now lying upon the
Speaker's table, to he printed. It will be recol-
lected that a great many have never been pre-
sented to the House. I ask that no extra number
shall be printed.
There was no objection and it was so ordered.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. There was
an Executive communication made to the Senate
respecting the internal trade between this country
and the British Provinces, and the fisheries, which
interests the country very much, and I ask leave
to introduce the following resolution providing for
the printing of a number of copies for the use of
members of this House:
Resolved, That five thousand extra copies of the report
iruule to the Senate at the piesent session by Mr. Andrews,
upon the internal tiade of the. United States and its con-
nection with the trade of the British North American Prov-
inces, and the fishoiies, he printed for the use of tins
House.
There was no objection, and the resolution was
introduced and then adopted.
Mr. FICKLIN. I ask the unanimous consent 1
that I may present some two or three hills from
the Conmitteeon the District of Columbia, merely
to have them referred and printed. It will take
but a moment's time.
Mr. HART. 1 object. I have bills likewise
which I desire referred.
Mr. PENN. I beg leave to make the following
report from the Committee of Conference on the
Post Office appropriation bill.
The Committee of Conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on tiie hill of the House, of Represent-
atives, No. *241, making appropriations for the Post Office
Department dunng the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1W3,
having met, and aftei full and free conferonco, have agreed
to and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows,
to wit:
That the House reccde from their disagreements of the
Senate, numbered 1, 2, 4, and 5.
TriOS. J. RUSK,
ALPHEfJS J-'FiTjCH,
J. W. MILLER,
A. G. PENN",
JAMES ilROOKS.
The following are the amendments of the Sen-
ate, Nos. 1, 2, 4, and 5.
Sec. 1, page 3, after line 23, insert:
To enable the Postmaster Genetal to contract for the
transporting the mail by steamboat from the Lake Hou=e to
New Iberia, on the route No. 6,116, from Donaldsonville to
Washington, in the State of Louisiana, $7,000.
Add the following as new f-ectioris:
Stc. 2. bp. it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, anil he is hereby, authorized, whenever he
shall deem U disci pet, to dispense with the route agents now
sent with the mails trom New York to California, and in
lieu thereof to appoint not more than two resident agents
to take chatge of the mail service across ihe Isthmus of
Panama, and to allow said acentsfor salary and personal
expenses, not exceeding $3,000 per year for each of such
agent*, which shall be paid out of the amount annually ap-
propriated tor the transportation of the mails..
Sec. 4. Jind be it Jurther enacted, That the Postmaster
General be. and he is hereby, authouzed, if he shall demri it
proper, to advertise for, and establi*h service upon the reg-
ul<u mail route between New Orleans and certain Gulf ports
of Flouda.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted., That the Postmaster
General is authorized to contract with the Ocean Steam
Navigation Company for one additional trip on the Havre
Imp, and one additional tup on the Bremen line, uniil the
expiration ot their existing contract, reeeivingand delivering
mails at Southampton, Cmves, or Plymouth, as the Post-
master General may direct, according to such schedule as
shall be prescribed by the Postmaster General, in order
thereby to maintain through such lines, and the Collins
hue, a tegular weekly communication by American mail
steamers, between the United States and the United King-
dom of Great Britain and fretand; but the compensation
lor such additional trips shall not exceed the compensation
allowed for each trip under the said existing contract: >dnd
provided further, That the Postmaster General shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized, m his discretion, to negotiate with
the contractors for changing the terminus of the Havre line,
fiorn Havre to Antweip, in Belgium, and to make an agree-
ment for «uch change, if he shall think proper, but the m-
ci eased compensation to be allowed tor such change shall
be limited to a pro rufaallowanco tor the mcieased distance.
Mr. PENN. I demand the previous question
on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon agreeing to
the report of the Committee of Conference, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the Committee of Confer-
ence was agreed to, and to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I rise to ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up from the
Speaker's table the bill relating to the accounts of
Parser Speiden. Much distress will follow our
neglect to pass it. It only asks for the exercise of
justice by the Department, and I hope the House
will indulge me in taking it up.
[Cries of " Agreed !" " Agreed!" Agreed !"]
The bill was then reported as follows: Senate
bill No. 217 for the relief of William Speiden.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills:" An act making further provisions for the sat-
isfaction of Virginia military land warrantsf'and
also "An act making an appropriation for light-
houses, light-boats, buoys, &e., and providingfor
the erection and establishment of the same, and
for other purposes;" which severally received the
signature of the Speaker.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] a
question. It seems to me that the bill for the
relief of Purser Speiden is covered in the military
appropriation bill which passed this morning. We
have an amendment to the law of 1849, which
authorizes all persons who collected military con-
tributions in California, or in that range of coun-
try, during the war to come forward and make
settlement. It covers all cases.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that it does not
reach this case, and if it did, it would do no harm
to pass the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I wish simply
to say this in regard to the measure. If, as the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] says,
this case is covered by a provision in the Army
bill, then this is but an accumulative remedy. I I
do not believe that this case is covered. This is j
a bill which deserves to be passed. It has been ;
passed long since in the Senate, and it is now be- j
fore the House, and I hope gentlemen, by making 1
a contest about it, will not consume more time !
than is necessary for the subject. I call the pre- j
vious question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask whether the |
collector in this instance has paid money into the
Treasury ?
Mr. KING, of New York. I rise to a point of
order. This bill makes an appropriation. By
unanimous consentit was taken up, and the House
has discovered what it is. The rules require that
it should first be considered in Committee of the
Whole. It makes an appropriation of a special
amount, and such bills ought not to be passed m this
way without anything Geing known of them by
the House.
Mr. CHANDLER. I beg leave to say, that
this bill has undergone the closest investigation
here by the Senate, and is recommended by the
accounting officers of the Department.
The SPEAKER. Before the bill can be passed
it must go to a committee.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 move that the rules of
the House be suspended which require the bill to
be first considered in a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was then taken upon Mr. Chand-
ler's motion, and there were—yeas 94, nays 58;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, William Appleton,
Thomas H. Bayly, Bibighaus, Bocock, Bowie, Bowne,
Bragg, Brenton, Brook*, Albert (J. Brown, Georce H.
Brown, Burrows, Caldwell, Thompson Campbell, Ca^kie,
Chandler, Clingman, Curtis, Daniel, George T. Davis,
Dimnuck, Disney, Dockery, Doty, Edirerton, Bdmund<on.
Evan*, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gentry, Goodenow,
Goodiich. Green, Grey, Hall, Hammond, Ilarper, Hart,
Haws, Haven, Ilebard, Holladaj. Howard. Ingersoll, Jack-
son, John Johnson, Robert W.' Johnson, George G. King,
Kuhris, Lockhart, McQueen, Meade, Miller, Million, Mi-
ner, Molony, J. Moore, Outlaw, S. W. Paiker, Pea^lee,
Penn, Penniman, Phelps, Polk, Portei, Richardson, Rob-
bin5', Ros^, Savage, Schermerhoru, Schoolcraft, Scurry,
David L. Seymour, Stanly, Fredeuck P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton, Abraham P. Stephens, Thaddeus Stevens,
Sr. Mai tin, Stiother, Sweetser, Taylor, Thurston, Tuck,
Walbudce, Wallace, Washburn, Watkins, Addison White,
Wilcox, Woodward, and Yates—94.
NAYS—Mpsms. Allison, Aveiett, Babeock, Barrere,
Bu-by, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter, Chapman, Chastain,
Churchwell, Clark, Cleveland, Cobb, Corner, Dawson,
Dean, Durkee, Eastman, Faulkner, Floyd, Freeman, Gor-
man, I. G. Harris, Hascall, Henn, Hoisfoid, Houston, J. W.
Howe, T. Y. How, Ives, Jenkins, D. T. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Preston King. Kurtz, Letcher, Mann, Martin, Ma-
son, McCotkle, McMulhn, McNair, Morehead, Morrison,
Murphy, Murray. Andrew Parker, Perkins, Powell, Reed,
Riddle, Robie, Selmonmaker, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton,
Stuart, Townshend, and Wells—58.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
REPORTING.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. According to
my recollection, there was a motion submitted last
night to suspend the rales.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated this morn-
ing, that there was a motion lying over to suspend
the rules.
Mr. MANN. I call for the consideration of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be re-
ported.
Mr. KING, of New York. I would inquire
whether the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] goes to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. It goes back to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbtjry Dickins, Esq., its Secre-
tary, agreeing to a joint resolution, with an amend-
ment, suspending the 17th joint rule.]
The SPEAKER. The Chan- hopes that the
House will adopt the amendment, as it is neces-
sary for the bill to be signed by the President.
The joint resolution was then read as follows:
" Resolved, (with the concurrence of the Senate,) Thai
the 17th rule of the two Houses be suspended for the re-
mainder of the present session, so far as relates to the ap-
propnation bills for light houses and post roads, and to
constitute Alton, in the State of Illinois a port of delivery."
The Senate amendment was then read, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Senate agree to tins rcsofntron with
the following amendment: Add also the bills No. 22-2, 240,
241, and 314, making appiopnations for the Army, Navy,
Post Office, and the establishment of post roads-."
The question was then taken upon concurring-
in the resolution as amended by the Senate, and
it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I desire 
The SPEAKER. There is aproposition pend-
ing to suspend the rules lying over from yesterday.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Mann]
moves to suspend the rules for the purpose of in-
troducing the following resolution:
Resolved, That William W. Curranbe, and he is heieby,
appointed, fiom and afier the pioeni session of Congress,
Reporter for thf> House of Representatives, with authority
to associate six assistants; that his annual compensation
shall be the t-ame a  that of the pnncipal cleik m the
Clerk's office of this House; and the compensation of the
assistant reporters shall be the same as that of the assistant
clerks in the Clerk's office: to be paid out ol the contingent
fund ot the House. Provided, That before this resolution
shall take effect the Clerk of the House shall have pro-
cured from John C. Rives such a modification of his con-
tract for reporting and printing the proceedings and debates
of the Ilou'-e as to relinquish, of the price now paid him,
the sum of .<3 50 per column.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is too im-
i portant a measure to be adopted at this stage of
the session. I hope that the rules will not be sus-
pended. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMMOND. I wish to make a report
from the Committee on Printing. The engravings
connected with the publication of the Patent Office
Report have not been provided for in the publica-
tion of the work.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
j the Patent Office Report has been ordered to be
! printed without the order for the engravings.
! Unless objection is made, the neglect will be rem-
i! edied, and the order accordingly made.
; There was no objection.
! The question was then taken on the proposition
I to suspend the rules to admit Mr. Mann's res-
j olution, and there were—yeas 73, nays 62, as fol-
' lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Willi* Allen, Allison,
j William Appleton, Thomas H. Bayly, f>alo, Bennett, Al-
ii bert G. Brown, Busby, Lewis T). Campbell, Cartter, Chand-
II ler, Chapman, Dawson, I)e;t n. Disney. Doty, Dm Ree, East-
' man, Edgerton, Kdmundson, Florence, Freeman, Henry M.
Fullei, Gemry, Giltnore, Goodenow, Goodrich, Gorman,
Hari, flriscall, Mum, Howard, John W. Howe, Thomas Y.
How, Andrew Johnson, Robert \V Johnson, J. G.Jones,
G. G.King, Mann, Mnrnn, McCorkle, McQueen, Meade,
Million, Molony, II. i). Moote, JC.'Wtoi-, Oirl.nv, Penm-
m.in, Perkm-, Puce, Rood, Iltddlo. Saekett, Schernn" horn,
Sehoonmaker, Skelton. Snow, Fredenck P Ftanton. Abra-
ham P. Stephens Thaddeus Stephens, Suother, Tavlor,
Townshend, Tuck, Walbridge, Walsh, Wnshbuin, Wat-
kins, Wells, Addison White, and Woodward—73.
