720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 11.
cannot see what the- honor of the Senate has to do ■
with the question under consideration. Thope 'I
Have as nice a sense of honor as the gentleman
from North Carolina, who has just taken his seat,
or as the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. MANGUM. I do not question that at all,
sir. ,
Mr. PRATT. Now, what is the question?
This individual, as they say, has been invited as
the guest-of the nation! Sir, has he not been en-
tertained ? He has,been entertained, and has naw
departed from among1 us. Everything has been
done by the committee, according to their own
showing, necessary to -be done in regard to the
treatment of this individual, as the guest of the
nation. Therefore, the honor of the nation, so
far as this individual is concerned, has been com-
plied with and satisfied, by the committee enter-
taining him according to their own views. Now,
■what is the question ? It is not the application of
Kossuth to have this bill paid He has nothing
to do with it. No credit w<is ^iven to him by the
party who brings this bill to the Senate for pay-
ment, but it is m  application on the part of tfie
committee for payment to the individual. And
now the honorable Senator says that it is dishon-
orable to the Senate and the country to direct any
inquiry to be made in regard to the correctness of
the bill for articles ordered by the Senate—that it
is dishonorable to inquire whether these articles
have been furnished or not. That is the proposi-
tion. Kossuth has been introduced, and Kossuth
has awakened your sympathies, 1 have no doubt.
He has departed from among us; a bill is pre-
sented by one of our own citizens, who, at the
instance of the committee, supplied the articles
necessary for-his entertainment, and asking pay-
ment for these articles, and we are not even to in-
quire what those articles were. Sir,cannotwe as
well inquire into the propriety of paying that bill
as we could inquire into the propriety of paying
any other bill for articles ordered by the .Senate5
Why is there such a degiee of sensitiveness on
the part of gentlemen in regard to this matter5
What is there which is dishonorable in this in-
quiry ? If the Senate had ordered these articles
to be supplied for ourselves, or for anybody else,
is it not always useful to inquire into the propriety
oL paying a bill? Are not the items examined by
somebody, to ascertain that they are reasonable?
The honorable Senator from Rhode Island says
that he is for paving this bill, so far as it is rea
sonable. Sir, "who \n against paying it, so far
as it reasonable? But how are yon to ascertain
whether it is reasonable or not, unless we or some-
body else is to see the items ?
Mr. CLARKE. If the honorable Senator from
Maryland will allow me, I would beg to say, that
he misunderstands me. I was for paying the bill
when audited by the committee or the Secretory.
All I meant to sny was, that I had no ide;i of cav-
iling about the amount, whether jt was $4,000 or
$5,000. The committee will determine chat as
provided by the resolution.
Mr. JVJANGUAl. Let the resolution Reread.
Mr. PRATT. One rnomeni, Mir. The Senator
tram Rhode Island expressly said that if" the bill
was reasonable it should he paid; and he will not
say, nor will any man esy, that if it should he
unreasonable it ought to be paid. How is it that
when these articles" have been furnished to this in-
dividual no inquiry is to be made about it? V/hat
impropriety is there in making such an inquiry.'
That is the orduM; / coin.se. The individual him-
self has nothing on earth to do with it. The res-
olution does not direct that the committee shall
examine the account, which I think it ought to do.
Mr. BADGER. Let the resolution be read
again. '
Mr. PRATT. ! hive no objection to have it :
rand.
Mr. BADGER. It directs that an inquiry of :
this kind bs made.
The resolution was read accordingly. ■
xVIr. BADGER. My f.'.encf will notice that !
nothing is to be paid unless under the approval of '
the committee, and certainly he will not p.ay that I
the items of the bill should* be examined in open '
Senate. Such a duty has always been performed >
by a committee. !
.Mr. PRATT. Certainly not. But, Mr. Presi- 1
dent, it will have been noticed by yon, and by-
others of the Senate, that I spoke'm the com- i
mancement of this discussion in good humor, and i
that, therefore,"the remarks which have been
directed to myself were uncalled for. ' But it is
said that the examination of these items will be
caviling at them, and that to examine them will
be to disgrace the individual; thatit will be " belit-
tling-" him, and " belittling" ourselves,and "stul-
tifying" ourselves; and 1 do not know how many
other epithets were'applied by the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois [Mr. Shields] to'what I said
with good humor, rather with a-view of producing
a pleasant feeling,, on the part of the Senate, than
any other. Sir, I assert tljat there is no man in
the Senate who will say with more sincerity than
I do, that so far as this"bill is right it ought to be
paid. But it ought to be examined by somebody
or other fully authorized by the Senate to examine
it, and then "so far as it is right it ought to be paid.
I never doubted that proposition. 1 am for pay-
ing it, but 1 can see no objection to examining it.
The original resolution lias been handed to me
since I commenced speaking. Jt is in these words:
et Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the Congress of the United States, m the name and
behalf of the people of the United States, give to Louis
Kossuth a cordial welcome to the capital and to the coun-
try."
As has already been said, a proposition to amend
was made to include Kossuth's suite with him,
but it was rejected—rejected by the peculiar friends
of Kossuth himself. I have said this much, deem-
ing it necessary because of the remarks made by
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. ATCHISON. Mr. President, from the
very beginning of this Kossuth matter up to the
present hour 1 have been peculiarly situated—sit-
uated somewhat as poor Hungary is situated, with
Russia on the one hand and Austria on the other.
[The honorable Senator is seated between Mr.
Ci.f.men's and Mr. Pratt.] But, sir, I have been
rather neutral; I have been afraid to " intervene,"
either on the one side or on the other. [Laughter.]
But as it is admitted on all hands that this bill must
be paid, that it must be footed, and that the money
must come from the Treasury of the United States,
whether it be by appropriation under a joint reso-
lution, or whether it be out of the contingent fund
of the Senate, I take it, to use a cant phrase, that
it is " the people's money"—come from whatever
quarter it may.
1 have heard no constitutional objection to pay-
ing it out of the contingent fund of the Senate;
and, for a wonder, the Constitution has not been
interposed from any quarter. I shall vote against
postponing this matter. I shall vote for paying
the bill now as a matter of economy, that it may
be ended once for all. Whether it be from the
influence of my friend on my right, or the Sena-
tor on my left, I have looked upon this whole
matter rather suspiciously. I had an indistinct
idea that there was something of humbuggery
mixed up with it. Now let us end it. I think
when we fuot this bill and pay it of!', it will be the
end of Kossuth, and perhaps the end of the doc-
trine of intervention.
Mr. CASS. I will not go that. [Laughter ]
^Mr. ATCl-IINSON. f trust so, at all events.
Then, as a matter of economy, and as a matter
of justice to the hotel keeper, the man who is in-
terested in this resolution, I am for paying the bill
now. It is not now a question between Kossuth
and the Senate, or between the Congress of the
United States and Kossuth; but it is a question
between the hotel keeper, and the Senate, or the
House of Representatives, or both. If we pass a
joint resolution—as all agree it must be paid—it
goes to the House of Repiesentatives; it makes an
appropriation; and I am told that, under the lilies
of'that House, every bill or resolution which makes
an appropriation goes to the Committee of the
Whole House nn the state of thp Union, and God
knows how many presidential speeches would
there be hung upon this simple resolution. We
do not know how many days, how manv weeks,
or how many months might be consumed in the
discussion of thin great question. Then, as a mat-
ter of economy, the sooner we get rid of it, the bet-
ter for the Treasury of the United States. We
have already spent about an hour in the discussion
ot this question. I trust it will not be postponed;
anil I trust, further, that if we are compelled to
foot the bill, we will do it now, and pav it out of
the contingent fund of the Senate.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. CASS. I desire to take the question first
on making'that a joint resolution, and move an
amendment to that effect.
The PRESIDENT. It is moved to amend the
resolution by changing its form, so as to make it
read as follows:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the expenses incurred/' &.c.
Mr. CASS. I wisli to say a word or-two-only
on that question. As to the bill, I have nothing
to say upon it. I am perfectly willing to leave it
to the committee. As to Kossuth's suite, I think
it is altogether proper that they should be support-
ed at the public expense while they were here with
him. We could not expect him to come here alone.
It seems to me that is rather asmall matter; but the
other is the difficulty with me. The resolution
recites the joint action of Congress in asking Mr.
Kossuth to come here as the guest of the nation.
It recites that it was done by the Congress of the
United States; and now, to meet the .necessary
expenses, we propose to pay them out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate. I repeat, there is no
propriety in that. The contingent fund of the Sen-
ate was meant to meet the expenses of the Senate
as such. Why, sir, what is the value of specific
appropriations, which the Democratic party have
advocated since the days of Mr. Jefferson? The
object is to decrease the amount of contingent pay-
ments, and make everything as specific as we can.
The smallest claim in the Union, unless there is a
preexisting appropriation for it, has to come to
Congress to be allowed and get a specific appro-
priation. It is a great principle which is involved
m this question. 1 repeat, it is not to the bill that
I object; Lam willing to leave that to the commit-
tee. I am perfectly willing to extend to the suite
the necessary support. I think that is all right.
But because the House of Representatives may
no tact upon the joint resolution, is that any reason
why we should not pass it? Is it the proper course
for us to pursue, not to do our duty, presupposing
that they will not do theirs, or that they will waste
their time in useless and idle discussions ? Noth-
ing is more important than that specific appropri-
ations should be made, as far as it is possible to
make them. It was a great doctrine taught by
Mr. Jefferson; and there is no man who knows
the course of Mr. Randolph, but knows that it
was one of the first things he urged in Congress.
Our object is to give as little discretion to the ac-
counting officers as possible; to make the appro-
priations specific, ana let the officers act upon them
under the operation of the lawi I repeat it is no
objection to this course, this legal constitutional
course, that the House of Representatives will not
do their duty. I presuppose no such thing.
Mr. MANGUM. I should like to know very
much, sir, how a specific appropriation can be
made in this case ? One dozen of champagne,
four and twenty or fifty dollars, as the case may
be; half a dozen bottles of cologne, and various
other matters! Sir, Mr. Jefferson's doctrine never
touched such a case as this. Thething is imprac-
ticable in the nature of the case. I know some-
thing about the doctrine of specific appropriations.
When I was a very young man ana a member of
the other House, we undertook to carry it out.
With that view, on the naval appropriations,
a committee of conference was got up from the
other House, and one from the Senate; and Mr.
Rufus King and the late Mr. Lloyd, then a repre-
sentative of Massachusetts, made a report, and
the result of the endeavor was to show as little
foresight as could be shown. The effect of it was
a crippling of the whole operation of the public
service. Sir,asio this Kossuth movement, I view
it with contempt; and so view, though with a much
more energetic feelinsr, the doctrine which he has
broached since he left the city of Washington. I
have no sympathy with it; but if we have con-
tracted an obligation, let us get out of it, and, as I
said before, to do it gracefully constitutes more
than half its worth. When General Lafayette
was here, I remember, under the recommenda-
tion of President Monroe, we reported a bill to
give him $200,900 and a township of land. There
was a minority opposed to it. They were against
exceeding $100,000. The question came up for
consideration, the General having been invited
here, and tendered a passage in a national ship;
and, sir, I think the other branch of the Legisla-
ture almost unanimously felt that we should lower
ourselves very much in the public judgment, if
