1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2497
the Army during the year ending June 30, 1853; ,
and :
A bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice during the fiscal year ending June 30,1853.
[Cries of " Cull the roll."]
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll upon
the motion to lay the resolution and amendments
on the table, and there were—yeas 67, nays 88;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Averett, Barrere, Bowie, Bragg,
Brenton, Albert G. Brown, George H, Brown, Bunows,
E. Carrington Cabell, Cartter, Chapman, Chastain, Cling-
man, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dockery, Evans, Floyd,
Goodenow, Gorman, Grey,Hall, Harpei, Xsham G. Harris,
Haws, Haven, Hehard, Hihhard, Holladay, Horsford, Hous-
ton, Tngersoll, Jackson, Jenkins, George W. Jones, George
G. King, Kuhns, Landry, Letcher, Mann, Mason, McMul-
lin, Miller, Millson, Henry ]). Moore, Morchead, Murphy,
Outlaw, Peasiee, Penn, Penniman, Peikins, Porter, Price,
Robhins, Sa^kett. Savage, Snow, Htanly, Taylor, Thomp-
son, Thurston, Wallace, Washburn, Watkms, YVells, Ad-
dison White, and Yates—07.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Wilhs Allen, William
Appleton, Beale , Bibighans, John H. Boyd, Breckinridge,
Buell, Busby, Caldwell, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson
Campbell, Caskie, Chandler, Cburohwell, Cleveland, Cobb,
Conger, Curti*, George T. Davi^, Dean, Diminick, Disney,
Doty, Dnrkee, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmund^on, Fauiknei,
Floience, II. M. Fuller. Gamble, GaylouL Gilmore, Good
rich, Gieen, Hamilton, Hart, Ha^call, Henn, Howard, J. W.
Howe, T. Y. IIow, Ives, A- Johnson, J. Johnson, R. W.
Johnson, J. Glancy Jones, Kurtz, Lockhart, Martin. Mo-
Corkle, MeNaiv, Mcdueen, Meade, Molony, John Mooip,
Morrison, Murray, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, ■
Polk, Reed, Richardson, Riddle, Robbms,Robie, Schemer- 1
horn, Schoolciaft, Sclioonmakei, Scurry, David L. Sey-
mour, Skelton, Benjamin Stanton, Frederick P Stanton, '
Richard H. Stanton, Abraham P.Stephens, Thaddeus Ste- •
veils, St. Martin, Strother, Stuart, Sutherland, Sweetser,
Walbridge, Walsh, Wilcox, Wildnck, and Woodward—8S.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
While the roll was being called,
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled 1
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill: ' '
An act to establish certain post routes.
A message was also received from the President
of the United States, by the hands of Millard
P. Fillmore, his Private Secretary, informing the
House that he had approved and signed the above
bill.
The question then recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Edmcndson to the amendment.
Mr. JOHN W. HOWE demanded the yeas and ,
nays; and they were ordered. i
Mr. CARTTEtt. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order. The House have fixed the
time of adjournment at twelve o'clock, and I sub-
mit ihat it is not in order to adjourn before that
hour, allowing; ten minutes for difference of time.
Mr. CARTTER. I will withdraw the mo-
tlOil.
Mr. POLK. I esk the unanimous consent of
the House to make a motion, that the House re-
cede from its amendment to the bill for the relief
of Mrs. Margaret L. Wotth.
Mr. HARRIS, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. POLK. I move to suspend the rules. I
want my mime to be placed on the record against
that amendment.
Mr. HARRIS. I hope my colleague will have
that opportunity.
It now being precisely twelve o'clock,
The SPEAKER stud: The hour fixed for the
adjoin mnent of the present session of Congress
having arrived, the Chair announces that this
House stands adjourned sine die.
157
