_ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES._TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION,
32d Coxgress, 1st Sessiov.
SATURDAY, JULY 3, 1852."
New Series....No. 103.
and a noble one, too, of the glorious equality of |
our institutions, which freely offer all their re - \
wards to all who justly geek them; for he was the \
architect of his own fortune, having made his way I
in life by self-exertion, and he was an early ad- ;
venturer in the great forests of the West, then a j
world of primitive vegetation, but now the abode ;
of intelligence and religion, of prosperity and civil- !
ization. But he possessed that intellectual superi- :
ority which overcomes surrounding obstacles,'and I
which local seclusion cannot long withhold from i
general knowledge and appreciation. !
It is almost half a century since he passed
through Chillicothe, then the scat of government j
of Ohio, where I was a member of the Legisla- <
ture, on his way to take his place in this "very :
body, which is now listening to this reminiscence, ;
and to a feeble tribute of regard from one who \
then saw htm for the first time, but who can never !
forget the impression he produced by the charms '
of his conversation, the frankness of his manner, ,
and the high qualities with which he was en- j
dowed. Since then he has belonged to his coun- J
try, and has taken a part, and a prominent part, .
both in peace and war, in all the great questions '
affecting her interest and her honor; and though •
it has been my fortune often to differ from him, :
yet I believe he was as pure a patriot ns ever par- 1
ticipated in the councils of a nation, anxious for ;
the public good, and seeking to promote it, during :
all the vicissitudes of a Ion* and eventful life. '
That he exercised a powerful influence, within j
the sphere of his action, through the whole coun- j
try indeed, we all feel and know; and we know, |
too, the eminent endowments which <*ave him this i
distinction. Frank and fearless in the expression i
of his opinion, and m the performance of his du-
ties, with rare powers of eloquence, which never I
- failed to rivet the attention of his auditory, and !
which always commanded admiration, even when !
they didnot carry conviction—prompt in decision, :
and firm in action, and with a vigorous intellect,
trained in the contests of a stirring life, and h
strengthened by enlarged experience and observe- h
lion, joined withal to an ardent love of country,
and to great purity of purpose,—these were the !.
elements of his power and success, and we dwell !;
upon them with mournful gratification now, when i
we shall soon follow him to the cold anu silent j!
tomb, where we shall commit "earth to earth. )■
ashes to ashes, dust to dust,M but with the blessed i'
conviction of the truth of that divine revel ition i
which teaches, us that th^re is life and hona he- J
yond the narrow house, where we shall leave him '
alone to the mercies of his God and ours. N j;
He has passed beyond the reach of human
praise or censure; hut the judgment of his cotem-
poraries has preceded and pronounced the judg-
ment of history, and his name and fame will shed
luster upon Ins country, and will be proudly;,
cherished in the hearts of his countrymen for long j i
ages to come. Yes; they will be cherished and !|
freshly remembered, when these marble columns
that surround us. so often the witnesses of his ji
triumph—but, m a few brief hours, when his !.
mortal framp, despoiled of the immortal spirit, ji
shall rest under this dome for the lasr time, to be- \\
come the witnesses of his defeat m that final con-
test where the mightiest fall before the great j.
destroyer—when these marble columns shall \\
Themselves have fallen, like all the works of man, ji
leaving their broken fragments to tell the story of ji
former magnificence, amid the very ruins which  ;
announce decay and desolation. j;
I was o^en with him during his last illness,
when the world and the things of the world were ji
fast fading away before him. He knew that the |i
silver cord was almost loosened, and that the ;;
golden bowl was breaking at the fountain; hut he j '
was resigned to the will of Providence, leeiing j;
that He who gave has the right to take away in j
His own good time anu manner. After his duty ; i
to his Creator, and his anxiety for his family, his ij
first care was for his counUy, and his'first wish j;
for the preservation and perpetuation of the Con- u
stitution and the Union-—dear to him in the hour ij
of death, as they had ever been in the vigor of ij
10S
life! Of that Constitution and Union, whose de- ■
fense in the last and greatest crisis of their p*ril, I
had called forth ail his energies, and stimulated
those memorable and powerful exertions, which |
1 he, who witnessed, can never forget, and which •
; no doubt, hastened the final Catastrophe a nation !
i now deplores with a sincerity and unanimity, not j
! less honorable to themselves than to the memory j
of the object of their affections. And when we !
; shall enter that narrow valley through which he I
i has passed before us, and which leads to thejudg- •
i ment-seat of God, may we be able to say, through
1 faith in his Son, our Saviour, and in the beautiful
i language of the hymn of the dying Christian— i'
| dying, but ever living and triumphant-*-
: "The world recedes, it disappears— :
j Heaven opens on my eyes! mj ear*
i With sounds seraphic ung; ;,
Lend, lend your wings?! I mount—I fly ' !
Oh, Giave ! where is thy victory ? i
Oh, Death! where is thy sting
" Let me die the death of the righteous, and let !
my last end be like his." i
was eminently propitious for its exercise. The
circumstances of the early settlement of Kentucky,
the generous, daring, and reckless character of the
people—all fitted it to be the theater for the dis-
play of those commanding qualities of heart and
mind, which he so eminently possessed. There
can be little doubt but that those people and their
chosen leader exercised a mutual influence upon
each other; and no one can be surprised that with
his_ brave spirit and commanding eloquence, and
facinuting address, he should have led not only
there but elsewhere.
I dul not know him, Mr. President, as you did,
in the freshness of his prime, or in the full matu-
rity of Ins manhood. 1 did not hear him, sir, as
you have heard him, when his voice roused the
spirit of his countrymen for war—when he cheered
the drooping, when he rallied the doubting through
all the vicissitudes of a long and doubtful contest.
I have never seen lum, sir, when, from the height
of tli" chair, he ruled the House of Representa-
tives by the energy of his will, or when upon the
level of the floor he exercised a control almost as
absolute, by tho mastery of his intellect. When
1 first knew him, his sun had a little passed its
zenith. The effacing hand of time had just begun
to touch the lineaments of his manhood. But yet,
sir, 1 saw enough of him to be able to realize what
he might have been in the prime of his strength,
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, we have 1
heard, with deep sensibility, what has just fallen j
from the Senators who have preceded me. We ;
have heard, sir, the voice of Kentucky—and, upon !
this occasion, she had a right to speak—in min- ]
gled accents of pride and sorrow; for it has rarely j
fallen to the lot of any State to lament the loss of : and in the full vigor of his maturity. I saw him,
such a son. But Virginia, too, is entitled to her! sir, as you did, when he led the " Opposition ^
place in this procession; for she cannot be sup- ]■ during the admimsuation of Mr. Van Buren. I
posed to be unmindful of the tie which bound her I had daily opportunities of witnessing the exhibi-
to the dead. When the earth opens to receive the j Uon of his powers during the extra session under
mortal part which she gave to man, it is then that j; Mr. Tyler's administration. And I saw, as we
affection is eager to bury in its bosom every recol- all s-.uv, in a recent contest, the exhibition of power
lection but those of love and kindness3. And, sir,
when the last sensible tie is about to be severed, it
is then that we look with anxious interest to the
deeds of the life, and to the emanations of the
heart and the mind, for those more enduring mon-
uments which are the creation of an immortal
nature.
In this instance, we can be at no loss for these.
This land, sir, is full of the monuments of his
genius. His memory is as imperishable as Amer-
ican history itself, for he was one of tliose who
made it. Sir, he belonged to that marked class
who are the men of their century; for it was his
rare good fortune not only to have been endowed
with the capacity to do great things, but to have en-
joyed theopportunities ofachieving them. I know,
sir, it has been paid and deplored, that he wanted
some of the advantages of an early education; but
it, perhaps, has not been remembered that, in
many respects, he enjoyed such opportunities for ,
mental training as can rarely fall to the lot of man. j
He had not a chance to learn as much from books, j
but he had such opportunities ofleprningfrom men
as few men have ever enjoyed. Sir, it is to be re- !
membered that he was reared at a time when there j
was a state of society in the Commonwealth which j
gave him birth, such as has never been seen there ■
before nor since. It was his early privilege to see ;
how justice was administered by a Pendleton and |
a Wvthe, with the last of whom he was in the
daily habit of familiar intercourse. He had con- ;
stant opportunities to observe how forensic quc-s- ;
tions were managed by a Marshall and a Wick- ,
ham. He was old enough, too, to have heard and
to have appreciated the eloquence of a Patrick <
Henry, and of George Keith Taylor. In short, \
sir, he lived in a society in which 'he examples of 1
a Jefferson, and a Madison, and a Monroe were ;
on his part, which was most marvelous in one of
his years.
Mr. President, he may not have had as much
of analytic skili, as some others, m dissecting a
subject. It may be, perhaps, that he did not seek
to look quite so far ahead as some who have been
most distinguished for political forecast. But it may
be tiuly said of Mr. Clay, that he was no exaggera-
lor. He looked at events through neither end of the
telescope, but surveyed them with the natutaland
the naked eye. He had the capacity of seeing things
as the people saw them, and of feeling things as
the people felt them. He had, sir, beyond any
other man whom I have ever seen, the true mes-
meric touch of the orator—the rare art of trans-
ferring his impulses to others. Thoughts, feel-
lnsrs emotions, came from the ready mould of his
geiuus, radiant and glowing, and communicated
their own warmth to every heart which received
them. His, too, was the power of wielding the
higher and in tenser forms of passion with a majesty
and on ease, whHi none but the great masters of
the human heart can ever employ. It was his
rare good fortune to have been one of those who
form, y s it were, a sensible link and a living tradi-
tion which connects one age with another, and
throuch wh'ch one generation sneaks its thoughts
and feehnss, and appeals to another. And, unfortu-
nate is it for a country, when it ceases to possess
such men, for it is to them that we chiefly owe
the capacity to maintain the unity of the great
Epos of human history, and preserve the con-
sistency of political action.
Sir, it may be said that the grave is still new-
made which covers the mortal remains of one of
those great men who ha\e been-taken from our
midst, anu the earth is soon to open to receive
another, i know not, sir, whether it can be said
livino" influences, and on which the setting sun of i to be a matter of lamentation, so far as the dead
a Washington cast the mild effulgence of its de-
parting rays.
He was trained, too, as has been well said by
the Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] at a pe-
riod when the recent revolutionary struggle had
given a moie elevated tone to patriotism and im-
parted a higher cast to public feeling and to public
character. Suchlessons wereworth,perhaps, more
to him than the whole encyclopedia of scholastic
earning. Not only were the circumstances of his
are concerned, that J
: thread of this life has been
clipped wn-:n once it had been fully spun. They
escape the infirmities of age, and they leave an
imperishable name 1 ehmd them. The loss, sir,
' is not theirs, but ours; nnd a loss the more to be
lamented that we see none to fill the places thus
made vacant on the st~<ge of public affairs. But it
: may be well for us, who have much more cause
, to mourn and to lament such deaths, to pause
amidst the business of life for the purpose of con-
larly training favorable to the development of his templating the spectacle before us, and of drawing
genius, butthe theater upon which he was thrown, i. the moral from the passing event. It is when
