1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
death seizes for its victims those who are, by " a
head and shoulders, taller than all the rest," that
we feel most deeply the uncertainty of human
affairs, and that " the glories of our mortal state
are shadows, not substantial things." It is, sir, in
such instances as the present that we can best
study by the light of example the true object of
life, and the wisest ends of human pursuit.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I hope I shall not
be considered obtrusive, if on this occasion for a
brief moment, I mingle my humble voice with
those that, with an ability that I shall neither at-
tempt nor hope to equal, have sought to do justice
to the worth and memory of the deceased, and at
the same time appropriately to minister to the
sympathies' and sorrows of a stricken people.
Sir, it is the teaching of inspiration that " no man
livelh and no man dieth unto himself."
There is a lesson taught no less in the death
than in the life of every man—eminently so in the
case of one who has filled a large space and occu-
pied a distinguished position in the thoughts and
regard of his fellow-men. Particularly instructive
Mr. CLEMENS. Mr. President,! should not
have thought it necessary to add anything to what
has already been said, but for a request preferred
by some of the friends of the deceased. I should
have been content to mourn him in silence and left
it to other tongues to pronounce his eulogy. What
I have now to say shall be brief—very brief.
Mr. President, it is now less than three short
years ago since I first entered this body. At that
period it numbered among its members many of
the most illustrious statesmen this Republic has
ever produced, or the wold has ever known. Of
the living, it is not my purpose to speak; but
in that brief period, death has been busy here;
and, as if to mark the feebleness of human things,
his arrows have been aimed at the highest, the
mightiest of us all. First, died Calhoun. And
well, sir, do I remember the deep feeling evinced
on that occasion by him whose death has been
announced here to-day, when he said: I was
4 his senior in years—in nothing else. In the
i course of nature I ought to have preceded him.
' It has been decreed otherwise; but I know that
' I shall linger here only a short time, and shall
4 soon follow him." It was genius mourning over
at this time is the event which we now denlore, - , • , , , - , v •- ,
although the circumstances attending his decease ij °° 7 PredlcUnS llls
are such as are calculated to assuage rather than
aggravate the grief which it must necessarily j
cause. His time had fully come. The three !!
^score and ten marking the ordinary period of hu- !
man life had for some years been passed, and, full I
of years and of honors, he has gone to his rest. 1
And now, when the nation is marshaling itself j
for the contest which is to decide " who shall be j
. greatest," as if to chasten our ambition, to re-,
strain and subdue the violence of passion, tomod- !
erate our desires and elevate our hopes, we have |
the spectacle of one who, by the force of his in- i
telleci and the energy of his own purpose, had '
achieved a reputation which the highest official i
honors of the Republic might have illustrated} but «
could not have enhanced, laid low in death—as if, j
at the very outset of this political contest, on which j
the nation is now entering, to teach the ambitious !
and aspiring the end of human pursuit and earthly i
honor. But, sir, I do not intend to dwell on that j
moral which is taught by the silent lips and closed .
eye of the illustrious dead, with a force such as ;
no man ever spoke with; but I shall leave the i
event, with its silent and mute eloquence, to im- [
press its own appropriate teachings on the heart. ;
In the long and eventful life of Mr. Clay, in i
the various positions which he occupied, in the j
many posts of public duty which he filled, in the ,
many exhibitions which his history affords of un- I
tiring energy, of unsurpassed eloquence, and of
devoted patriotism, it would be strange indeed if
different minds, as they dwell upon the subject,
were all to select the same incidents of his life
as preeminently calculated to challenge admira-
tion and respect.
Sir, my admiration—ay, my affection for Mr.
Clay—was won and secured many years since,
even in my school-boy days—when his \ nice of
counsel, encouragement, and sympathy was heard
in the other Hail of this Capitol, in behalf of the
struggling colonies of the southern portion of this
continent, who, in pursuit of their inalienable
rights, in imitation of our own forefathers, had
unfurled the banner of liberty, and, regardless of
consequences, had gallantly rushed into that con-
test where " life is lost, or freedom won." And
own approaching end.
He, too, sir, 113 now gone from among us, and
left none like him behind. That voice, whose
every tone was music, is hushed and still. That
clear, bright eye is dim and lusterless, and that
breast, where jjrew and flourished every quality
which could adorn and dignify our nature, is cold
as the clod that soon must cover it. A few hours
have wrought a mighty change—a change for
which a lingering illness hud, indeed, in some de-
gree prepared us, but which, nevertheless, will
still fall Uj^on the nation with crushing force.
Many a sorrowing heart is now asking, as I did
yesterday, when I heard the first sound of the fu-
neral bell—
" And is ho none ?—Hie pure of the purest,
The hand that upheld our bright bannei the surest,
he gone irom our *tru«,>;lfs away ?
Hilt yesterday lending a people nc.w lite,
Cold, nmte,iii the coffin to-day.1'
Mr. President, this is an occasion when eulogy
must fail to perform its office. Thelong life which
is now ended is a history of glorious deeds too
mighty for the tongue of praise. It is in the hearts
of his countiymeu that his best epitaph must be
written, It is in the admiration of a world that
his renown must be recorded. In that deep love
of country which distinguished every period of
his life, he may not have been unrivaled. In
loftiness of intellect, he was not without his peers.
The skill with which he touched every chord of
the human heart may have been equaled. The
] iron will, the unbending firmness, the fearless
| courage, which marked his character, may have
[ been shared by others. But wheie shall we go
; to find ail those finalities united, concentrated,
| blended into one bnlhanr whole, and shedding a
1 lustre upon one smglehend, which does not daz/.le
| the beholder only because it attracts his love and
i demands his worship?
j I scarcely know, sir, how far it may be allow-
able, upon an occasion like this, to refer to party
I struggles which have left wounds not yet entirely
1 healed. 'I will venture, however, to suggest, that
■ it should be a source of consolation to his friends
: that he hvedlong enough to see the full accomplish-
' ment of the last great work of his life, and to wit-
again, sir, when Greece, rich in the memories of ji ness the total disappearance of that sectional tem
  .  1_  a il _l i  _   . 1* _ no«t wni/^Vi tVivpatpndfl tn T? oun ]-,li ?• 
the past, awoke from the slumber of ages of op
pression and centuries of shame, and resolved
" To call her virtues back, and conquer time and fate "—
there, over the plains of that classic land, abovS
the din of battle and the clash of arms, mingling
with the shouts of the victors and the groans of
the vanquished, were heard the thriliing'and stir-
ring notes of that same eloquence, excited by a
sympathy which knew no bounds, wide as the
world, pleading the cause of Grecian liberty be- !
fore the American Congress, as if to pay back to j
Greece the debt which every patriot and orator j
felt was her due. Sir, in the long and honorable |
career of the deceased, there are many events and
circumstances upon which his friends and pos-
terity will dwell with satisfaction and pride, but
r which will preserve his memory with more
tding lustre to future ages than the course he
sued in the Spanish-American and Greek revo-
ions.
pest which threatened to whelm the Republic in
ruins. Both the great parties of the country have
agreed tostnnd upon the platform which he erected,
and both of thom have solemnly pledged them-
selves to maintain unimpaired the work of his
hands. I doubt not the knowledge of this cheered
him in his dying moments, and helped to steal
away the pangs of dissolution.
Mr. President, if I knew anything more that I
could say, I would gladly utter it.' To me, he
was something more than kind, and I am called
upon to mingle a private with the public grief. I
wish that I could do something to add to hisfame.
But he built for himself a monument of immortal-
ity, and left to his friends no task but that of
soothing their own sorrow for his log.?. We pay
to him the tribute of our tears. More we have
no power to bestow. Patriotism, honor, genius,
courage, have all come to strew their garlands
about'his tomb; and well they may, for he was
the peer of them all.
Mr. COOLER. Mr.President,itis not always
by words that the living pay to the dead the sin-
cerest and most eloquent tribute. The tears of a
nation, flowing spontaneously over the grave of a
public benefactor, is a more eloquent testimonial
of his worth and of theaffection and veneration of
his countrymen, than the most highly-wrought
eulogium of the most gifted tongue. The heart is
not necessarily the fountain of words, but it is
always the source of tears, whether they be of joy,,
gratitude, or grief. But sincere, truthful, and elo-
quent, as they are, they leave no permanentrecord
of the virtues and greatness of him on whose
tomb they are shed. As the dews of heaven
! falling at night are absorbed by the earth, or dried
up by the morning sun, so the tears of a people,
shed for their benefactor, disappear without leav--
ing a trace to tell the future generations of the
services, sacrifices, and virtues of him to whose
memory they were a grateful tribute. But as
homage paid to virtue is an incentive to it, it is
right that the memory of the good, the great, and
noble of the earth should be preserved and hon-
ored.
The ambition, Mr. President, of the truly great
is more the hope of  living in the memory and esti-
mation of future ages than of possessing power in
their own. It is this hope that sum ulates them to
perseverance; that enables them to encounter dis-
appointment, ingratitude, and neglect, and to press
on through toils, privations, and„perils to the end.
It was not the hope of discovering a world, over
1 which he should himself exercise dominion, that
sustained Columbus in all his trials. It was not
for this he braved danger, disappointment, pover-
ty, and reproach. It was not for this he subdued
his native pride, wandered from Ifingdom to king-
dom, kneeling at the feet of princes a suppliant for
means to prosecute his sublime enterprise. It
was not for this, after having at last secured the
patronage of Isabella, that he put off in his crazy
and ill-appointed fleet into unknown seas, to strug-
gle with storms and tempests, and the rase of a
mutinous crew. It was another and nobler kind
of ambition that stimulated him to contend with
i terror, superstition, and despair, and to press for-
' ward on his perilous course, when the needle in
his compass, losing its polarity, seemed to unite
with the fury of the elements and the insubordina-
tion of his crewm turning him back fiom his per-
ilous but glorious enterprise. It was the hope
which was realized at last, when his ungrateful
country was compelled to inscribe, as an epitaph
on his tomb—
" Columbus has given a new world to the kingdom of
Castile and Leon,"
I that enabled him at first to brave so many disap-
' pointments, and at last to conquer the multitude of
perils that beset his pathway on the deep. This,
sir, is the ambition of the truly great—not to
achieve present fame, but future immortality. This
being the case, it is befitmg here to-day to add to
the life of He.vry Clay, the recoid of his death,
signalized as it is by a nation's gratitude and grief.
It is right that posterity should learn from us, the
cotemporaries of the illustrious deceased, that his
virtues and services were appreciated by his coun-
try, and acknowledged by the tears of his country-
men poured out upon his grave.
The career of Hexry Clay was a wonderful
one. And what an illustration of the excellence
of our institutions would a retrospect of his life
afford! Bom m an humble station, without any
of the adventitious aids of fortune by which the
obstructions on the road to fame are smoothed, he
• rose not only to the most exalted eminence of po-
' sition, but likewise to the highest place in the af-
fections of his countrymen. Taking into view
the disadvantages of his early position, disadvan-
tages against which he had always to contend,
his career is without a parallel in the history of
great men. To have seen him a youth, without
friends or fortune, and with but a scanty educa-
tion, who would have ventured to predict for him
a course so brilliant and beneficent, and a fame
so well deserved and enduring? Like the pine,
however, which'sometimes springs up amidst the
rocks on the mountain side, with scarce a crevice
in which to fix its roots or soil to nourish them,
but which, nevertheless, overtops all the trees of
the surrounding forest, Hf.n"RY Clay, by his own
inherent, self-sustaining energy and genius, rose
to an altitude of fame almost unequaled in the age
in which he lived. As an orator, legislator, and
