THE
LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OP THE THIRTY-SECOKD CONGRESS
OF THE
UNITED STATES,
Passed at the First Session, which was begun and held at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on Monday,
the Is/ day of December, 1851, and ended on 'Tuesday, the 31 si day of August, 1852.
Millard Fillmore, President; William R, King, President of the Senate pro tempore; Linn Boyd, Speaker of the House
of Representatives.
Public, I.-—An Act making appropriation lomeet the
expenses incurred in consequence of the laic Fire at
tJie Capitol. v
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the sum of five thousand dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to be expended, or so much thereof as may be ne-
cessary, under the direction of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, in discharge of the expenses
incurred in the extinguishment of the late fire in
the Library room, the removal of the rubbish, and
the preservation of such books and other aiticles
as may have been saved, and the construction of
a tin roof for the preservation and protection of
that portion of the building now exposed.
Sec. 2. Jin<1 he it further cnacled, That the sum
of ten thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby,
appropriated for the purchase of books for the
Library of Congress, to be expended under the
direction of the Joint Committee on the Library.
Approved, January 13,1852.
' northeastern frontier of said State, and repelling
i invasion and suppressing insurrection at Indian
1 Stream, in the county of Coos, in the said State,
; in the years eighteen hundred and thirty-five,
| eighteen hundred and thirty-six, art*! eighteen
< hundred and thirty-seven; and the sutn so found
: to be due to said State shall be pmd out of any
; money in the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
j ted: Provided, That said amount shall not exceed
; six thousand dollars.
j Sjec. 2. And be it fuHher enacted, That in ascer-
; taining the amount of mteiest, as aforesaid, due
to the State of New Hampshire, the following
rules shall govern:
: First, That interest shall not be computed on
i any sum which New Hampshire has not expended
! for the use and benefit of the United States, as
: evidenced by the amount refunded or repaid to
the State of New Hampshiie.
I Second, That interest shall not be paid during
j any time, on any sum larger than the sum the
i State was paying interest foi at such time.
Approved, January 27, 1852.
Public, II.—An Act to provide a Room for the Con-
gressional Library. I
Be it cnctcted by the Senate and House of Represent- ,
cUives'of the United States of America in Congress j
assembled, That the sum of twelve hundred dol- !
I&rs be hereby appropriated, to be expended under 1
the direction of the Commissioner of Public Build- :
snss, for the purpose of fitting up the Document j
room and a portion of the adjoining passage to ;
receive temporarily a portion of the books of the !
Congressional Library. {
Approved, January 23, 1852,
Public, III.—An Act authorizing the Payment of
Interest to the State of JVeio Hampshire for ad- ,
vanccs made for the vse and benefit of the United j
State* in repelling Invasion and suppressing Insur- j
• rection at Indian Stream in said State. ■
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-;
sentatives of the United Slates of America in Congress'
assembled, That the Second Auditor of the Treas- -
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to "liquidate and settle the claim of the State of
New Hampshire against the United States for in-
terest" upon the imhtary expenses incurred and
actually expended by her for the protection of the
jj thereof as may be necessary, out of any money
ij in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
! the relief of American citizens lately imprisoned
j and pardoned by the Q,ueen of Spam, and who
are out of the limits of the United Stales, the same
i to be expended under the direction of the Presi-
: dent of the United States: Provided, That nothing
,j in this act shall be construed into an approbation
I of any interference in the domestic affairs of Cuba
; by any of the citizens of the United States.
I Approved, Febiuary 10, 1852.
Public, IV.—An Act providing for carrying into
execution, in further part, the twelfth article of the
Treaty with Mexico, concluded at Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo.
Be it enacted by Ike Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States qf America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of three millions one hun-
dred and eighty thousand dollars be, and the same
is hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pay-
ment of the installment and interest, which will
fall due on the thirtieth of May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, under the twelfth article of the
treaty between the United States and Mexico,
made and concluded at Guadalupe Hidalgo, on the
second of February, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight.
Approved, February 10, 1852.
Public, Y.—An Act for the relief of American citi-
zens lately imprisoned and pardoned by the Q,ueen
of Spain.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be, and hereby is, appropri-
ated the sum of six thousand dollars, or so much
| Public, VI.—An Act to provide for the appointment
' of a Svperintcndcnt of Indian Affairs in Califor-
; ma.
; Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
\ sentalivcs of the United Stales of Atactica in Congress
. assembled, That the sixth section of an act ap-
proved May sixth, eighteen hundred and twenty-
! two, entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
i act to regulate trade and intercourse with the In-
1 dian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontieis,'
| approved tlie thirtieth of March, eighteen hundred
| and two;" also, the fifth section of an act approved
i May twenty-fifth, eighteen hundred and twenty-
! four, entitled "An act to enable the President to
I hold treaties with certain Indian tribes, and for
! other purposes," be, and the same hereby are, re-
! vived and extended to the State of California, for
; the purpose of establishing a Superintendency of
■ Indian Affairs for said State; and that the Presi-
! dent, by and with the advice and consent of the
, Senate, be, and he hereby is, authoiized to appoint
, a Superintendent of Indian Affairs, to reside in
1 said State, who shall possess ttie same powers,
and be subject to the same duties, within his su-
perintendency, as belong to the Superintendent of
Indian Affairs at St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri, with the power also of exercising adminis-
trative examination over all claims, and accounts,
and vouchers, for disbursements connected with
Indian affairs in the said State of California, which
shall be transmitted to the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs for final adjudication, and by him passed
to the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
for settlement.
Stc. 2 And be it further enacted., That the said
Superintendent shall have an annual salary not
exceeding four thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the said
Superintendent shall be allowed a clerk, whose
