1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
Mr. BADGER. Postpone the taking of the
vote until Wednesday next.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. If the Senator from
Michigan be permitted to occupy the residue of
this day—and he will not speak longer than until
ten or fifteen minutes after three o'clock—I am
o.ertain we shall then have more time than the
Senate usually bestows upon Executive business
in any one day. I hope, therefore, that the Iowa
land bill will not be laid aside.
The PRESIDENT. ft is not under considera-
tion. The motion is not to lay- it aside, but to
proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to.
And, after some time spent in Executive ses-
sion, the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March II, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. C. M. Butler.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. FICKLIN. I desire the unanimous con-
sent of the House, to make the necessary motion
in order to get at the bill providing for prosecuting
the work on the extension of the Capitol. I think
the better mode of effecting that object is, with the
consent of my friend from Tennessee, [Mr. John-
son,] to move to postpone the further considera-
tion of the special order in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union till this day week, or this
day two weeks. Then we can not only dispose of
the bill providing for the prosecution of the work
on the Capitol, but proceed to consider the defi-
ciencybill, about which the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means seems so anxious. If
it meet with the approbation of the House, there-
fore, 1 will move that the further consideration of
the special order in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, be postponed till this day week.
The SPEAKER. That can only be reached
regularly, by discharging the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
A Voice. It can be passed over by unanimous
consent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it can
be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. 1 will acquiesce
in the proposition of the gentleman, if it meet the
universal approbation of the House. As far as
the homestead bill is concerned, I am satisfied that
everything is to be gained by delay. At the same
time I do not want to press the discussion of this
matter upon the House. If it is the wish of the
House that this bill shall go over till next Tuesday
week, I shall not interpose any objection.
Mr. FICKLIN. I will then vary my motion
as to time, so that the further consideration of this
special order shall be postponed till next Tuesday
week.
Mr AVERETT. I hope the opponents of the
measure, which is now the special order, (the
homestead bill,) will be allowed to take part in its
discussion. Hitherto, nearly all of the speaking
has been on one side—in favor of the measure.
The motion to cut short the discussion yesterday,
was coupled with the threat that those who should
vote against that motion, were to be held respon-
sible for delaying the public business. Now, the
truth is, that most of our time in committee has
been consumed in speeches to unmake and make
Presidents—and in other matters wholly irrelevant
to the special order.
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House the bill can be made to take the direc-
tion proposed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California. I object to
the postponement.
Mr. CARTTER. I would inquire whether the i
gentleman from California [Mr. Marshall] will i
not still retain the floor in committee, if the post-
ponement should be agreed upon. !
The SPEAKER. Not necessarily. He will
be entitled to it when the committee shall recur to i
the measure upon which he obtained the floor. <
His right to the floor will go over with the bill. J
A Member. The floor will be given the gentle- i
man from California as a matter of courtesy. I
Mr. MARSHALL. If it is the understanding j
that I shall have the floor after the House resolves ■
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. CARTTER. I renew it.
Mr. FICKLIN. With the consent of gentle-
men, I will modify my motion, so that it shall not
apply until after to-day. It will then provide that
after to-day the further consideration of the special
order in the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union shall be postponed until a week from
next Tuesday. It will then take its place as the
special order again.
Mr. CARTTER. I have no objection to that.
All I desire is, that the gentleman from California
shall be allowed to make his speech to-day.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I renew the objec-
tion.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House, to allow me to introduce a resolution
calling for information from one of the Depart-
ments.
Mr. STANTON. At the suggestion of several
gentlemen around me, 1 will withdraw my objec-
tion.
Mr. MEACHAM. I renew it.
CLOSE OF DEBATE OK HOMESTEAD BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Chairwill state what is
the regular order of business. The following res-
olution was offered yesterday by the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stani.y:]
"Resolved, That all debate in theCommittee of the Whole \
on the state or'the Union, on the bill of the House No. 7, to
encourage agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and other
branches of indnstiy, by granting to every man who the
head of a family and a citizen of the Fnited States, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixtv acres of land, out of the
public domain, upon condition of oeeupanev and cultiva-
tion of the same for the period herein specified, shall cea*e
at three o'clock on Thursday, the 11th instant; and if the
committee shall not come to a conclusion sooner upon the
same, it shall then proceed to vote upon •nieh amendments
as shall be pending oi ofieied to the same, and shall then
report it to the Houce, with such amendments as may have
been agreed upon hy the committee."
The question immediately pendingis the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Johnson,] to lay the resolution upon the table, and
unon that motion the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It will be seen
from the various motions which have been made, \
that the friends of that measure propose to do any- '
thing reasonable in relation to this matter. I j
trust, therefore, that the House will vote down |
this resolution to close debate.
Mr. McMULLlN. I beg leave to say one
word upon this question.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
It was objected to.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay on the table, and the result was—yeas 121,
nays 39; as follows:
YEAS—IWe^rs. Wil'is Allen, Ashe, Averett, Rabcock,
Thomas FT. Rayly. Bartlett, Bell, Bincrg, Breckinridge.
Brenton, Albert G. Brown, (iporge H. Brown, Buell. Bur-
rows, Busbv, Joseph Cable, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Chapman, Cha^tam, Clmrchweil, Clark, Oiing-
man, Cobb, Coleock, Conger, Cullom, John G". Davis,
Dawson, Dimnuck, Disney, Dunham, Durkce, Eastman,
Edgerton, Edmund^on, Ficklin, Fitch, Floie.nce, Flovd,
Fowler, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamble,
Gaylord, Gidd'mgs, Giimore, Gorman, Green, Grey, Grow,
Hamilton, Harper, I^ham G. Hams, Sampson W. Hanis.
ITascall, Henn, Hibbard, Thomas M. HovVp, Thomas Y,
How, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John Johnson.
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, J. Glancy J one",
Preston King, Ruhns, Kurtz, Letcher, Edward C. Mai-
shall, Ma<on, McCoikle, McDonald, McLanahan, McMul- I
lin, McNair, Molony, Henry D. Moore, Murrav, Naber*, j
Newton, Olds, Orr, Andrew Paiker, Samuel W. Parkpr, j
Penn, Penniman, Polk, Porter, Puce, Riehuid^on, Sohoon- 1
maker, Seudder, Pcurtv, Origen S. Seymour, Skelton,
Smart, Smith, Snow, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard II. !
Stanton, Abr'm P. Stevens, Alexander II. Stephens Thad- j
deus Stevens, Stratton, Stuart, Sutheiland, Tlmiston, !
Townshend, Ward, Washburn. Watkins We Mi, Addison j
White, Alexander White, Wilcox, Wildrtck, Williams, '
and Woodward—121. j
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Barrere, Bibighaus, John II. t
Bovd. Brings Brook*, E. Carrington Cabell. Cleveland, j
Dnckery, Doty, Evans Faulknei, Gentrv, Hall, IJaws
Haven, Hendneks Howard, Jackson, .Tames Johnson, !
"Robert W. Johnson, George G. King, Lockhart, Meacham, i
John Moore, Morehead, Outlaw, Pea^lee, Perkins Ros=, !
Scheunethoin, Schoolcraft, Stanlv, Beniamm Stanton, j
Tavlor, Benjamin Thompson, Wallace, Walsh, and Wells '
—39.
So the resolution was laid on the table. j
Mr. FICKLIN. I understand my friend from ,
Vermont [Mr. Meacham] will now withdraw his •
objection to postpone the special order in the Com- j
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I '
therefore renew the motion. 1
Mr. MEACHAM. Gentlemen tell me that if
I will withdraw my objection to the resolution,
there is some prospect we shall get to the public
business, and for a time put a stop to these polit-
ical speeches. I will withdraw my objection.
Accordingly, by general consent, the further
consideration of the order was postponed, after to
day, until Tuesday week.
Mr. CART f ER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of th$ Union.
The motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr, Hibbard in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the special order, being House
bill No. 7, for the encouragement of agriculture,
manufactures, and other branches of industry, by
granting to every man, &c., one hundred and
sixty acres of land.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Cal-
ifornia [Mr. Marshall] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL, of California, addressed ihe
House an hour (in remarks which have been with-
held for revision, and which will be published in
the Appendix) in reply to the remarks made yester-
day by the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Breck-
inridge] upon the subject of American progress,
and the Presidency, and in defense of Judge
Douglas.
Mr. M. having concluded—
Mr. BELL next obtained the floor, and ad-
dressed the House his allotted hour in regard to
the disposition of the public domain, the rights of
all the States therein, the expansion of American
commerce, and the tanff.
[His remarks, withheld for revision, will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, obtaining the floor 
Mr. McMULLIN". If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Cable] will give way, I will move that
the committee now. rise.
Mr. CABLE. I will yield to that motion alone,
still retaining my right to the floor.
Mr. WALSH. We can get at the bill in re-
gard to the Capitol, if the committee rise, and at
once, by unanimous consent, pass it. I ask for
tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Chandler,
and Harris of Alabama, were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported-—ayes 39; noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. COBB. I desire to make an announcement,
if the gentleman from Ohio will allow me; I never
wish to take the House by surprise. I have but
one report to make, and that is a bill to graduate
and reduce the price of public lands. That ques-
tion I consider to be twin sister with the one we
have now under discussion. I give notice that I
shall move to put that bill upon its passage, and I
shall resist everything like a reference, so the
matter may be discussed in connection with the
other.
Mr. CABLE, of Ohio, followed, ar-d spoke an
hour in favor of the bill under consideration. He
thought that its adoption would do more for the
interest and welfare of this Government, more for
the happiness and prosperity of the people, than
any bill that had ever passed the House.
[See Appendix for Mr. C's speech.]
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, obtained the floor.
Mr. FOWLER. I move, with the permission
of the gentleman, that the committee rise; which
motion was agreed to.
The committee rose accordingly, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and partic-
ularly the special order, being House bill No. 7,
to encourage agriculture, and for other purposes,
and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, I move the
House adjourn.
Mr. WALSH. I would request of the gentle-
man a withdrawal of his motion, that we may pass
the bill for the renewal of the work upon the ex-
tension of the Capitol. We can withdraw the bill
from the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union by unanimous consent.
Mr. MARSHALL refused to withdraw the
motion.
