1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
statesman, lie had no superior. All his faculties
were remarkable, and in remarkable combination.
Possessed of a brilliant genius and a fertile im-
agination, his judgment was sound, discrimina-
ting;, and eminently practical. Of an ardent and
impetuous temperament, he was nevertheless
persevering and firm of purpose. Frank, bold,
and intrepid, he was cautious in providing against
the contingencies and obstacles which might pos-
sibly rise up in the road to success. Generous,
liberal, and entertaining, broad and expanded
views of national policy, in his legislative course
he never transcended the limits of a wise economy.
But, Mr. President, of all his faculties, that of
making friends and attaching them to him was the
most remarkable and extraordinary. In this re-
spect, he seemed to possess a sort of fascination,
by which all who came into his presence were
attracted towards and bound to him by_ties which
neither time nor circumstances had power to dis-
solve or weaken. In the admiration of his friends
was the recognition of the divinity of intellect; in
their attachment to him a confession of his gener-
ous personal qualities and social virtues.
Of the public services of Mr. Clay, the present
occasion affords no room for a sketch more ex-
tended than that which his respected colleague
(Mr. Ukderwood] has presented. It is, how-
ever, sufficient to say, that for more than forty
years he has been a prominent actor in the drama
-of American affairs. During the late war with
England his voice was more potent than any other
in awakening the spirit of' the country, infusing
confidence into the people, and rendering available
the resources for carrying on the contest. In our
domestic controversy, threatening the peace of
the country and the integrity of the Union, he has
always been first to note danger as well as to sug-
gest the means of averting it. When the waters
of the great political deep were upheaved by the
tempest of discord, and the ark of the Union,
freighted with the hopes and destinies of freedom,
tossing about on the raging billows, and drifting
every moment nearer to the vortex which threat-
ened to swallow it up, it was his clarion voice,
rising above the storm, that admonished the crew
of impending peril, and counseled the way to
safety.
But, Mr. President, devotedly as he loved his
country, his aspirations jvere not limited to its
welfare alone. Wherever freedom had a votary,
that votary had a friend in Henry Ci.ay: and in
the struggle of the Spanish colonies for independ-
ence he uttered words of encouragement which
have become the mottoes on the banners of free-
dom in every land. But neither the services which
he has rendered his own country, nor his wishes
for the welfare of others, nor his genius, nor the
■affection of friends, could turn aside the destroyer.
No price could purchase exemption fiom the com-
mon lot of humanity. Henry Clay, the wise,
the great, the gifted, had to die: and his history is
summed up in the biography which the Russian
poet has prepared for all, kings and serfs, viz:
****** <: i>ot i, hvinsr, dyinz,
Quitting the stilt shore for the troubled wave,
StiUii-ihny with stoim clouds, over bhipwieeks flying,
And casting anchor in the silent grave."
But though time would not spare him, there is
still this of consolation: He died peacefully and
happy, ripe in renown, full of years and of hon-
ors, and rich m the affections of his country. He
enjoyed, too, the unspeakable satisfaction of clos-
ing his eyes whilst the country he had loved so
much and served so well was still in the enjoy-
ment of neace, happiness, union, and prosperity—
still advancing in all the elements of wealth, great-
ness, and power.
I know, Mr. President, how unequal I hare
been to the apparently self-imposed task of pre-
senting, in an appropriate manner, the merits of
the illustrious deceased. But if I had remained
silent on an occasion like this, when the hearts of
my constituents are swelling with grief, I would
have been disowned by them. It is for this rea-
son that of giving utterance to their feelings as
welt as of mv own—that I have trespassed on the
time of the Senate. I would that I could have
spoken fitter words; but, such as they ore, they
were uttered by the tongue in response to the
promptings of the heart.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, fifty years
ago, Henry Clay, of Virginia, already adopted
by Kentucky, then as youthful as himself, entered
the service of his country, a Representative in the
unpretending Legislature of that rising State; and
having thenceforward pursued, with ardor and
constancy, the gradual paths of an aspiring change
through Halls of Congress, foreign courts, and
Executive councils, he has now, with the cheer-
fulness of a patriot, and the serenity of a Chris-
tian, fitly closed his long and arduous career, here
in the Senate, in the full presence of the Repub-
lic, looking down upon the scene with anxiety
and alarm,—not merely a Senator like one of us
who yet remain in the Senate House, but filling
that character which, though it had no authority
of law and was assigned without suffrage, Augus-
tus Cajsar nevertheless declared was above the
title of Emperor, Primus inter Illuslres—the Prince
of the Senate.
Generals are tried, Mr. President, by examin-
ing the campaigns they have lost or won, and
statesmen by reviewing the transactions in which
they have been engaged. Hamilton would have
been unknown to us hat! there been no Constitu-
tion to be created, as Brutus would have died in
obscurity had there been no Caesar to be slain.
Colonization, Revolution, and Organization—
three great acts in the drama of our national
progress—had already passed when the Western
patriot appeared on the public stage. He entered
in that next division of the majestic scenes which
was marked by an inevitable reaction of political
forces, a wild strife of factions, and ruinous em-
barrassments in our foreign relations. This tran-
sition stage is always more perilous than any other
in the career of nations, and especially in the ca-
leerof Republics. It proved fatal to the Common-
wealth in England. Scarcely any of the Spanish
American States has yet emerged from it; and it
has more than once been sadly signalized by the
ruin of the Republican cause 111 France.
The continuous administration of Washington
and John Adams had closed under a cloud which
had thrown a broad, dark shadow overthe future;
the nation was deeply indebted at home and abroad,
and its credit was prostrate. The revolutionaiy
factions had given place to two inveterate parties,
divided by a gulf which bad been worn by the
conflict in which the Constitution was adopted,
and made broader and deeper by a war of preju-
dices concerning the merits of the belligerents in
the great European struggle that then convulsed
the civilized world. Our extraordinary political
system was little more than an ingenious theory,
not yet practically established. The Union of
the States was as yet only one of compact; for
the political, social, and commercial necessities to
which it was so marvelously adapted, and which,
clustering thickly upon it, now render it indisso-
luble, had not then been broadly disclosed , nor had
the habits of acquiescence and the sentiments of
loyalty, always slow of growth, fully ripened.
The bork that had gone to sea, thus unfurnished
and untried, seemed quite certain to founder by
reason of its own inherent frailty, even if it should
escape unharmed m the great conflict of nations,
which acknowledged 110 cia'ms of justice, and tol-
erated no pretensions of neutrality. Moreover,
the territory possessed by the nation was inad-
equate to commercial exigencies, and indispens-
able social expansion; and yet no provision had
been made for enlargement, nor for extending the
political system over distant regions, inhabited or
otherwise, which must inevitably be acquired.
Nor could any such acquisition be made without
disturbing the carefully-adjusted balanceof powers
among the members of the Confederacy.
These difficulties, Mr. President, although they
grew less with tirae and by slow decrees, contin-
ued throughout the whole life of the statesman
whose obsequies we are celebrating. Beitknown,
then—and I am sure that history will confirm the
instruction—that conservatism was the interest of
the nation, and 'the responsibility of its rulers,
during the period in which he flourished. He was
ardent, bold, generous, and even ambitions; and
yet, with a profound conviction of the true exigen-
cies of the country, like Alexander Hamilton, he
disciplined himself, and trained a restless nation,
that knew only self-control, to the rigorous prac-
tice of that often humiliating conservatism which
its welfaieand security in that peculiar crisis so
imperiously demanded.
It could not have happened, sir, to any citizen
to have acted alone, nor even to have acted ajwavs
the most conspicuous part in a trying period so
long protracted. Henry Clay therefore shared
}he responsibilities of Government with not only
his proper cotemporaries, but also survivors of
the Revolution, as well as also many who will now
succeed himself. Delicacy forbids my naming
those jvho retain their places here; but we may,
without impropriety, recall among his compeers a
Senator of vast resources and inflexible resolve,
who has recently withdrawn from this Chamber,
but I trust not altogether from public life, (Mr.
Benton;) and-anotlier, who, surpassing all his co-
temporaries within his country, and even through-
out the world, in the proper eloquence of the
forum, now, in autumnal years, for a second
time, dignifies and adorns the highest seat in the
Executive Council, (Mr. Webster.) Passing by
these eminent and noble men, the shades of Cal-
houn, .Tohn Q.nincy Adams, Jackson, Monroe,
Madison, and Jefferson, rise up before us—states-
men whose living and local fame has ripened
already into historical and world-wide renown.
Among geniuses so lofty as these, Henry Clay
bore a part in regulating the constitutional free-
dom of political debate; establishing that long-
contested and most important line which divides
the sovereignty of thrf several States from that of
the States confederated; asserting the right of neu-
trality, and vindicating it by a war against Great
Britain, when that just but extreme measure be-
came necessary; adjusting the terms on which that
perilous yet honorable contest was brought to a
peaceful close; perfecting the Army, and the
Navy, and national fortifications; settling the fiscal
and financial policy of the Government in more
than one crisis of apparently-threatened revolu-
tion; asserting and calling into exercise the pow-
ers of the Government for making and improv-
ing internal communications between the States;
arousing and encouraging the Spanish American
colonies on this continent to throw off the foreign
yoke, and to organize governments on principles
congenial to our own, and thus creating external
bulwarks for our own national defense; establish-
ing equal and impartial peace and amity with all
existing maritime Powers; and extending the con-
stitutional organization of government over the
vast regions all secured in his lifetime by purchase
or by conquest, whereby the pillars of the R epub-
lic have been removed from the banks of the St.
Mary's to the borders of the Rio Grande, and
from the margin of the Mississippi to the Pacific
coast. We may not. vet discuss the wisdom of
the several measures which have thus passed in
review before us, nor of the positions which the
deceased statesman assumed in regard to them,
but we may without offense dwell upon the com-
prehensive results of them all.
The Union exists in absolute integrity, and the
Republic in complete and triumphantdevelopment.
Without having relinquished any part of their
individuality, the States have more than doubled
already, and are increasing in numbers and grow-
ing m political strength and expansion more rap-
idly than ever befoie. Without having absorbed
anv Slate, or having even encroached on any State,
the Confederation has opened itself so as to em-
brace all the new members who have come, and
now, with capacity for further and indefinite en-
largement, has become fixed, enduring, and per-
petual. Although it was doubted only half a cen-
tury ago, whether our political system could be
maintained at all, and whether, if maintained, it
could guaranty the peace and happiness of so-
ciety, it stands now confessed by the world the
form of government not only most adapted to em-
pire, but also most congenial with the constitution
of human nature.
When we consider that the nation has been con-
ducted to this haven, not only through stormy
seas, but altogether also without a course and
without a star; and when we consider, moreover,
the sum of happiness that has already been en-
joyed by the American people, and still more the
influence which the great achievement is exerting
on the advancement and melioration of the condi-
tion of mankind, we see at once that it might have
satisfied the highest ambition to have been, no mat-
ter how humbly, concerned in so great a transac-
tion.
Certainly, sir, no one will assert that Henry
Clay in that transaction performed an obscure or
even a common part. On the contrary, from the
day on which he entered the public service until
that on which he passed the gates of death, he
