1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
was never a follower, but always a leader; and he j j may find ourselves once more divided by that eter-
marshaled either the party which sustained or that j| nal line of separation that leaves on the one side
■ which "resisted every great measure, equally in the I1 those of our citizens who obey the impulses of
Senate and in the popular canvass. And he led ''
where duty seemed to him to indicate, reckless
whether he encountered one President or twenty
Presidents, whether he was opposed by factions
or even by the whole people. Hence it has hap-
pened, that although that people are not yet agreed
among themselves on the wisdom of all or per-
haps of even any of his great measures, yet they
are nevertheless unanimous in acknowledging that
he was at once the greatest, the most faithful, and
the most reliable of their statesmen. Here the
'effort at discriminating praise of Hf.nry Clay in
regard to his public policy must stop, even on this
gad occasion, which awakens the ardent liberality
of his generous survivors.
But his personal qualities may be discussed
without apprehension. What we're the elements
of the success of that extraordinary man ? You,
sir, knew him longer and better than I, and 1
would prefer to hear you speak of them. He was
indeed eloquent—all the world knows that. He
held the keys to the hearts of his countrymen, and
he turned the wards within them with a Skill at-
tained by no other master.
But eloquence was nevertheless only an instru-
ment, and one of many that he used. His con-
versation, his gestures, his very look, was magis-
terial, persuasive, seductive, irresistible. And his
appliance.of all these was courteous, patient, and
indefatigable. Defeat only inspired him with new
resolution. He divided opposition by his assi-
duity of address, while he rallied and strengthened
his own bands of supporters by the confidence of
success which, feeling himself, he easily inspired
among his followers, [lis affections were high
and pure, and generous, and the chiefest among
them was that one which the great Italian poet
designated as the charity of native land. In lum
that charity was an enduring and overpowering
enthusiasm, and it influenced all his sentiments
and conduct, rendering him more impartial be-
tween conflicting interests and sections than any
other statesman who has lived since the Revolu-
tion. Thus with great versatility of talent, and
the most catholic equality of favor, he identi-
fied every question, whether of domestic adminis-
tration or foreign policy, with his own great name,
and so became a perpetual Tribune of the people.
He needed only to pronounce in favor of a meas-
ure or against it, here, and immediately popular
enthusiasm, excited as by a magic wand, was
felt, overcoming and dissolving all opposition m the
Senate Chamber. j
In this way he wrought a change in our politcal
system, that I think was not foreseen by its found-
ers. lie converted this branch of the Legislature
from a negative position, or one of enuilibuum be-
tween the Executive and the House of Repre-
sentatives, into the active ruling power of the
Republic. Only time can disclose whether this
great innovation1 shall be beneficent, or even per-
manent. ]
Certainly, sir, the great lights of the Senate have
set. The obscuration is not less palpable to the
country than to us, who are left to grope our un-
certain way here, as in a labyrinth, oppressed
with self-djstrust. The time, too, presents new
embarrassments. We are rising to another and
more sublime stage of national progress—that of
expanding wealth and rapid territorial aggrandize-
ment. Our institutions throw a broad shadow
across the St. Lawrence, and. stretching beyond the
valley of Mexico, reach even to the plains of Cen-
tral America, while the Sandwich Islands and the
shores of China recognize its renovating influence.
Wherever that influence is felt, a desire for pro-
tection under those institutions is awakened. Ex-
pansion seems to be regulated not by any difficul-
ties of resistance, but by the moderation which
results from our own internal constitution. INo
one knows how rapidly that restraint nuy give
way. Who can tell how far or how fast it ought
to yieldCommerce has brought the ancient con-
tinents near to us, and created necessities for new
positions—perhaps connections or colonies there—
and with the trade and friendship of the elder
nations their conflicts and collisions are brought
to our doors and to our hearts. Our sympathy
kindles, our indifference extinguishes, the fires of
freedom in foreign lands. Before we shall be fully j lamb That excursion by sea, he assured me
•onscioua that a change is going: on m Europe, we ij contributed much to relieve him from the suffer-
sympathy, while on the other are found those who
; submit only to the counsels of prudence. Even
| prudence will soon be required to decide whether
\ distant regions, East and West, shall come under
| our own protection, or be left to aggrandize a
j rapidly-spreading domain of hostile despotism,
i Sir, who among us is equal to these mighty
| questions? I fear there is no one. Nevertheless,
| the example of Henri Clay remains for our in-
j struction. His genius litis passed to the realms
; of light, but his virtues still live here for our emu-
I lation. With them there will remain also the pro-
: tection and favor of the Most High, if by the
i practice of justice and the maintenance of freedom
we shall deserve them. Let, then, the bier pass on.
- We will follow with sorrow, but not without
! hope, the reverend form that it bears to its final
1 resting-place; and then, when that grave opens at
our feet to receive so estimable a treasure, we will
! invoke the God of our fathers to send us new
' guides, like him that is now withdrawn, end give
; us wisdom to obey their instructions.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Mr. President, of the
vast number who mourn the departure of the
great man whose voice has so often been heard in
this Hall, I have peculiar cause to regret that dis-
pensation which has removed him from among us.
He was the guardian and director of my collegiate
days: four of liis sons were my college mates and
warm friends. My intercourse with the father
was that of a youth and a friendly adviser. I
shall never cease to feel grateful to him—to his
now hea.rt-stnckcn mid bereaved widow and chil-
dren, for their many kindnesses to me during four
orfhe years of my life. 1 hud the pleasure of
renewing my acquaintance with him, first, rs a
delegate in Congress, whilst he was a member of
this body from 1835 to 1839, and again in 1848,
as a member of this branch of Congress: and
during the whole of which period, some eight
years, none but the most kindly feeling existed
between us.
As an humble and unimportant Senator, it was
my fortune to cooperate with him throughout the
whole of the exciting session of 1849-'50—the
labor and excitement of which is said to have pre-
cipitated his decease. That cooperation did not
end with the accordant vote on this floor, but, in
consequence of the unyielding opposition to the
series of measures known as the •'compromise,"
extended to many private meetings held by its
friends, at all of which Mr. Clay was present.
And whether in public or private life, he every-
where continued to inspire me with the most
I exalted estimate of his patriotism and statesman-
ship. Never shall 1 forget the many ardent ap-
peeJs he made to Senators, in and out of the Sen-
nppy I
1
ate, in fa vorof tne settlement of our then mil';
sectional differences.
Immediately after the close of that memorable
session of Congress, during which the nation be-
held his great and almost superhuman efforts upon
this floor to sustain the wise counselsofthe "Fa-
ther of his Country," I accompanied him home
to Ashland, at his invitation, to revisit the place
where my happiest days had been spent, with the
friends who there continued to reside. During
that, to me, most agreeable and instructive jour-
ney, in many conversations he evinced the utmost,
solicitude for the welfare and honor of the Repub-
lic, all tending to show that he believed the happi-
ness of the people and the cause of liberty through-
out. the world depended upon the continuance of
our glorious Union, and the avoidance of those
sectional dissensions which could but alienate the
affections of one portion of the people from an-
other. With the* sincerity and fervor of a true
patriot, he warned his companions in that journey
to withhold all aid from men who labored, ond
from every cause which tended, to sow the seeds
of disunion m the land; and to opuose such, he
declared himself willing to forego all the ties tuid
associations of mere party.
At a subsequent period, sir, this friend of my
youth, at my earnest and repeated entreaties, con-
sented to take a sea voyage from New York to
Havana. He remained at the latter place a fort-
night, and then returned by New Orleans to Ash-
ings occasioned by the disease which has just ter-
minated his eventful and glorious life. Would to
Heaven that he could have been persuaded to
abandon his duties as a Senator, and to have re-
mained during the past winter and spring upon
that Island of Cuba! The country would not
now, perhaps, have been called to mourn his loss.
In some matters of policy connected with the
administration of our General Government, I have
disagreed with him, yet the purity and sincerity
of his motives I never doubted; and as a true lover
of his country, as an honorable and honest man,
I trust his example will be reverenced and followed
by the men of this, and of succeeding genera-
tions.
Mr. BROOKE. Mr. President, as an ardeni,
personal admirer and political friend of the distin-
guished dead, I claim the privilege of adding my
humble tribute of respect to his memory, and of
joining in the general expression of sorrow that
lias gone forth from this Chamber. Death, at all
times, is an instructive monitor as well as a mourn-
ful messenger; but when his fatal shaft hath
stricken down the great in intellect and renown,
how doubly impressive the lesson that it brings
home to the heart that the grave is the common lot
of all—the great levelerof all earthly distinctions 1
But at the same time we are taught that in one
sense, the good and great can never die; for the
memory of their virtues and their bright example
will live through all coming time in an immortality
that blooms beyond the grave. The consolation
of this thought may calm our sorrow; and, in the
language of one of our own poets, it may be asked:
" Why weep ye, then, for him, who having run
The bound of man's appointed years, at last,
! ,i v'H hle=sin.<*s al! enjoyed, life's labors done,
'') <'!i'■] v to Im final rest hrts passed ;
While the soft memory of his virtues yet
Lingers, like twilight hues when the bright sun has set ?"
It will be doing no injustice, sir, to the living or
the dead to say that no better specimen of the true
American character can be found in our history
than that of Mr. Clay. With no adventitious
advantages of birth or fortune, he won his way
by the efforts of his own genius to the highest dis •
tinction and honor. Ardently attached to the
principles of civil and religious liberty, patriotism
was witli him both a passion and a sentiment—a
passion that gave eneigy to his ambition, and a
sentiment that pervaded all his thoughts and actions,
concentrating them upon his country as the idol
of his heart. The bold and manly frankness in
the expression of his opinions which always char-
acterized him has often been the subject of remark;
and in all his victories it may be truly said he
never "stooped to conquer." In his long and
brilliant political career, personal considerations
never for a single instant caused him to swerve
from the strict line of duty, and none have ever
doubted his deeo sincerity in that memorable ex-
pression to Mr. Preston, "Sir, 1 had rather be
right tlisn be President."
This is not the time nor occasion, sir, to enter
into a detail of the public services of Mr. Clay,
interwoven as they are with the history of the
country for half a century; but I cannot refrain
from adverting to the last crowning act of his
glorious life—lus great effort in the Thirty-first
Congress for the preservation of the peace and in-
tegrity of this great Republic, as it was this effort
; that shattered his bodily strength and hastened the
, consummation of death. TheUnionoftheStat.es,
as beingessential to our prosperity and happiness,
was the paramount proposition in his political
| creed, and the slightest symptom of danger to its
1 perpetuity filled him with alarm, and called forth
all the energies of his body and mind. In his
, earlier life he had met this danger and overcome
it. In the conflict of contending factions it again
appeared; and coming forth from the repose of
private life, to which age and infirmity had carried
him, with unabated strength of intellect, he again
entered upon the arena of political strife, and again
success crowned his efforts, and peace and har-
mony were restored to a distracted people. But
unequal to the mighty struggle, his bodily strength
sank beneath it, and he retired from the field of
his glory to yield up his life as a holy sacrifice to
his beloved country. It has well been said that
j peace has its victories as well as war; and how
bright upon the page of history will be the record
! of this great victory of intellect, of reason, and
