THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
all or any part of the lands heretofore reserved
and appropriated by Congress for the use of
schools within said State, and to invest the money
arising from said sales, as said Legislature may
direct, for the use and support of schools within
the several townships and districts of country for
which they were originally reserved and set apart,
and for no other use or purpose whatsoever: Pro-
vided, Said lands, or any part thereof, shall, in no
case, be sold or leased without the consent of the
inhabitants of such township or district, to be ob-
tained in such manner as the Legislature of said
State may by (aw direct: And provided further,
That in all cases, the money arising from the sales
of lands within a particular township and district,
shall be appropriated to the use of schools within
that township and district.
Sec. £. And be it farther enacted, That sales
heretofore umde by the authority of the Legisla-
ture of the State of Mississippi, of lands reserved
and appropriated as aforesaid, are hereby ratified
and approved in the same manner and to the same
extent as if this act had been in force at the time
of said sales.
Afpuovhd, May 19, 1852.
Public, XV.—An Act to regulate the Mileage of the
Delegate from the Territory of Oregon.
Beit enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the act entitled "An act
to establish the Territorial Government of Ore-
gon/' approved August, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, as limits the mileage compensation of
the Delegate from said Territory, be repealed.
Approved, May 19, J852.
Public, XVL—Jin Art to legalize certain entries of
Public Land made in the Slate of Florida.
Be it enacted by the Senate a ad House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assscmbl i, That the several entries of land (em-
bracing tracts once reserved to satisfy claims under
the armed occupation act, but which claims were
forfeited prior to the allowance of said entries)
permitted at the land office at Newnansville, in
the State of Florida, he, and the same are hereby,
confirm^, and patents shall issue theieon as in
other Provided, That the land so entered
shall have been upon the faith of the Register's cer-
tificate improved by the party in interest under
said certificate, and that thesaid land is not claim-
ed hy adverse parties.
Approved, May 26, 1852.
October, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, with j
the Menomonee tribe of Indians, is hereby entitled j
to the same right of preemption, and upon the ■
same terms and conditions as is prescribed by the j
act entitled " An act to appropriate the proceeds I
of the sales of the public lands, and to grant j
preemption rights/* approved fourth of Septem- j
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-one: Provided, j
That where there shall be more than one such
settler on any quarter-section, fractional quarter-;
section, or fraction of a section less than onehun- j
dred and sixty acres, the rights of such settlers, as j
to the land settled on, shall be the same as those j
prescribed by the eighth section of the act entitled j
" An act to authorize the investigation of certain
alleged frauds under the preemption laws, and for
other purposes/' approved third March, eighteen
hundred and forty-three, for settlers therein pro-
vided for: And provided further, That the preemp-
tion rights provided for in this act shall attach only
to such land as shall become subject to sale at the
minimum price of one dollar and twenty-five cents
an acre.
Approved, May 27, 1852.
Pudltc, XVII.'—An Act to relinquish to the State of
Ioica the lands reserved for the Salt Springs therein.
Be it enacted hy the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the twelve salt springs, and six
sections of land adjoining or contiguous thereto, !
the use of which was granted to the State oflowa, 1
by the act entitled " An act supplemental to the !
act for the admission of the States of Iowa and
Florida into the Union," approved March third,
eightee i hundred and forty-five, shall be, and the 1
same are hereby, granted in fee-simple to the said '
State of Iowa, to be disposed of, and the proceeds ■
to be applied as the Legislature of that State shall 1
direct: Provided, That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be so construed as to interfere with the
lights of third parties: And provided further, That
if any of the lands which have been selected by
the authorities of the State of Iowa, under the act
aforesaid, shall have been legally claimed by pre-
emption or otherwise, the Slate shall beauthonzed
ro select other lands in lieu thereof.
Approved, ? lav 27, 1852.
Public, XIX.—An Act to provide for the holding of'
the District Court of the District of Columbia, in '
cases of Sickness or other Disability of the District ■
Judge. ■
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-1
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress \
assembled, That, in case of the sickness or other j
disability of the judge of the district court of the J
United States, of the District of Columbia, which 1
shall prevent him from holding any stated or ap- i
pointed term of the district court of his district;
and, upon the fact of such sickness or other dis-'
ability being certified by the clerk of said district i
court to the assistant judges of the circuit court of i
said district, it shall be the duty of the senior,
assistant judge of said court to hold the district'
court aforesaid, and discharge all the judicial duties t
of the district iudge, who shall be sick or other- 1
wise disabled as aforesaid, so lung as such sick-
ness or disability shall continue; and, in case of i
the sickness or other disability of said senior assist-;
ant judge, the same duty shall devolve on the
junior assistant judge of said circuit court; and the
said judges, and each of them, is hereby authorized
to exercise original jurisdiction in admiralty cases j
for the purposes of this act. And all the acts and j
proceedings in said district court, by or before !
either of said assistant judges, so required to hold i
said district court, shall have the same force, effect, i
and validity as if done and transacted by and j
before the district judge of the said district court. 1
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the asso-I
ciate judge holding the district court as aforesaid
shall and is hereby empowered to sit in the said ■
circuit court in any case of appeal or of error from
his own decision in said district court, in the same }
manner as if said district court had not been held
by hnn.
Approved, May 27, 1852.
Public, X.VII1.—An Act to grant lo certain Settlers
on the JWenomonee Purchase, north of Fox River,
in the State rf IVisconsin, the right of Preemp-
tion.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That every person being the head of a
family, widow, or single man overthe age of twen-
ty-one years, who, on the first day of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, shall be an actual settler
and housekeeper, and have made other improve-
ments, on any tract within the body of lands ceded
to the United States bv the treaty of eighteenth
Public , XX.—An Act granting the Right of Way jj
to the State of Missouri and a portion of t'i>- Public '!
Lands to aid in the construction of certain Rail- j
roads in <aid State. 1
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent- \
atives of the United States of Amtiica in Congress j
assembled, That the right of way through the pub- 'j
he lands be, and the same is hereby, granted to the ■ >
State of Missouri for the construction of railroads ,j
from the town of Hannibal to the town of St. |
Joseph, in said State, and from the city of St. |
Louis to such point on the western boundary of j
said State as may be designated by the authority j
of said State, with the right also to take necessary
materials of earth, stone, and timber, for the con-,!
struction thereof, from the public lands of the ![
United States adjacentto said railroads: Provided, :•
That in locating the railroads aforesaid, and as- j
signing the limits to the easement, no more land,!
shall be taken from the United States than is ne- :j
cessary for a convenient construction and use of ]
said roads as public ways for transportation, in-
eluding stations, with the usual buildings of all i
kinds, turnouts, and such other appurtenances as .
are usually enjoyed by railroad companies; and a j
copy of the location of said roads, made under
the direction of the Legislature, shall be forwarded ;
to the proper local land offices respectively, and to •
the General Land Office at "Washington city, with-
in ninety days after the completion of the same,
to be recorded.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That there be
and is hereby granted to the State of Missouri,
for the purpose of aiding in making the railroads
aforesaid, every alternate section of land, desig-
nated by even numbers, for six sections in width
on each side of baid road; but, in case it shall ap-
pear that the United States have, when the line of
route of said roads, or either of them, shall be
definitely fixed by the authority aforesaid, sold
any section, or any part thereof, granted as afore-
said, or that the right of preemption has attached
to the same, then it Khali be lawful for any agent
or agents, to be appointed by the Governor of said
State, to select, subject to the approval of the
Secretary of the Interior, from the lands of the
United States most contiguous to the tier of sec-
tions above specified, so much land in alternate
sections, or parts of sections, as shall be equal to
such lands as the United States have sold, or to
which the light of preemption has attached as
aforesaid; which lands, thus selected in lieu of
those sold, and to which preemption rights have
attached as aforesaid, together with the sections
and parts of sections designated by even numbers
as aforesaid, and appropriated as aforesaid, shall
be held by the State of Missouri for the use and
purpose aforesaid: Provided, That the lands to be
so located shall in no case be further than fifteen
miles from the line of the road in each case: Pro-
vided further, That the lands hereby granted shall
be exclusively applied in the construction of tha<
road for which it was granted and selected, and
shall be disposed of only as the work progresses,
and the same shall be applied to no other purpose
whatsoever: And provided further, That any and
all lands heretofore reserved to the United States,
by any act of Congress, or in any other manner
by competent authority, for the purpose of aiding
in any object of internal improvement, or for any
other purpose whatsoever, he, and the same are
hereby, reserved to the United States from the
operation of this act, except so far as it may he
found necessary to locate the route of the said
railroads through such reserved lands: in which
case the right of way only shall he granted.
Snr. ,7nd he it further enacted, That the sec-
tions and parts of sections of land which by such
grant shall remain to the United States, within six
miles on each side of said roads, shall not be sold
for less than double the minimum price of the
public lands when sold; which lands shall from
time to time be offered at public sale to the highest
bidder, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, and shall not be subject to entry until
they shall have been so offered at public sale.
Sue. 1. And be it further enacted, That the said
lands hereby granted to the said State shall be
subject to the disposal of the Legislature thereof,
for the purposes aforesaid, and no other; and the
said railroads shall be and remain public highways
foi the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charges upon the transporta-
tion of any property or troops of the United
States.
Stc. 5. And be it further enacted, That the lands
hereby granted to said State shall be disposed of
by said State only in manner following, that is to
say: that a quantity of land, not exceeding one
hundred and twenty sections on each road, and
included within a continuous length of twenty
miles of said road, may be sold, and when the
Governor of said State shall certify to the Secre-
tary of the Interior that said twenty miles of said
road is completed, then another like quantity of
hand hereby granted maybe sold; and so from
time to time, until said road is completed, and, if
said road be not completed within ten years, no
further sales shall be made, and the land unsold
shall revert to the United States.
Sec. 6. And he it further enacted, That the Uni-
ted States mail shall at all times be transported on
said railroad, under the direction of the Post Office
Department, at such price as Congress may by
law direct.
Approved, June 10, 1852.
Pubi ie, X XI.—AnActgi in<> the asstnt of Congress
to the State of Missouri to impose a Tax or Taxes
upo«i all fjond", hereof}'? sold by the United, Slates
the,- c lu J vvi . n I ft' r the day of such sale.
Be it enacted hi, the Senate and House of Represent-
