1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
1637
of moral suasion, over the spirit of discord and
sectional animosities!
We this day,Mr. President, commit his mem-
ory to the regard .and affection of his admiring
countrymen. It is a consolation to them and to
us to know that he died in full possession of his
glorious intellect, and, what is better, in the en-
joyment of that " peace which the world can
neither give " nor take away. He sank to rest
as the full-orbed king of day, unshorn of a single
beam, or rather like the planet of morning, his
brightness was but eclipsed by the opening to him
of a more full and perfect day—
" No waning of fire, no paiing of ray,
But rising, still rising, as passing away.
Farewell, gallant eagle, thou'rt burW ill light—
Gofl speed thee to heaven, lost star of our night.'1
The resolutions were unanimously adopted,
and, in pursuance thereof, the President pro term.
made the following appointments:
Committee of Arrangements.
Mr. Hunter, Mr. Cooper,
Mr. Dawson, " " ' '
Mr. Jones, of Iowa,
Pall-Beavers:
Mr. Bright,
Mr. Smith.
Mr. Cass,
Mr. Mangum,
Mr. Dodge, of Wis.,
Mr. Pratt,
Mr. Atchison,
Mr. Bell.
Committee to attend the remains of the deceased:
Mr. Underwood, Mr. Pish,
Mr. Jones, of Tenn., Mr. Houston,
Mr. Cass, Mr. Stockton.
The order of proceeding for the funeral is an
follows:
The Committee of Arrangements, Pall-bearers,
and Mourners will attend at the National Hotel,
the late residence of the deceased, at eleven o'clock,
a. m., on Thursday, July 1, 1852.
At half past ele'ven, the members of the two
Houses of Congress will assemble at the same
place, at which time the corpse will be removed,
m chdige of the Committee of Arrangements, at-
tended by the members and officers of the two
Houses of Congress, to the Senate Chamber,
where divine service will be performed.
At the conclusion of the service, the corpse will
be placed in the Rotunda, where it will remain
until hnlf past three o'clock, when it will be re-
moved, in charge of the Committee of Arrange-
ments and Pall-bearers, to the railroad depot,
where it will be confided to the committee ap-
pointed to accompany it to Kentucky.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, it was
Resolved, That as an additional marli of respect to tlic
memory of the deceased the Senate do now adjourn.
The Senate adjourned accordingly till to-mor-
row at twelve o 'clock.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Wednesday, Jane 30, 1852.
DEATH OP MR. CLAY.
The House met at the usual hour, but was not
called to order till ten minutes past two o'clock,
in consequence of the death of Mr. Clav, the
formal announcement of which was to be received
from the Senate.
The Rev. C. M. Butler then addressed the
Throne of Grace as follows:
Almightv God, our Heavenly Father, we be-
seech thee'to look upon us in love, to forgive us
our sins, and to bestow upon us thy blessing.
Take us as a nation into thy holy keeping. Bless
the President and Congress of these United States,
and all who are in authority, enable them faith-
fully and fraternally to accomplish thy will, that
they may enjoy thy perpetual benediction.
Heavenly'Father, thou hast in thy wise Provi-
dence seen fit to take out of this world the soul of
him at whose departure a nation weeps. We
bow in resignation to thy blessed will, and ac-
knowledge that thou doest all things well. We
thank thee for the signal public services which the
departed statesman, whose death we mourn to-
day, was permitted to render to his country. We i
thank thee for the circumstances of mercy arid
consolation connected with his sickness and his ,
death. We thank thee for the grace that sus-
tained him in submissive patience amidst his
protracted suffering, and for the testimony which ■
i hou didst enable him to give to the power and ;
excellency of thy gospel. We bless thee that we >
are permitted to think of him, whose long suffer-
ing we mourn, as now resting in the peace and
paradise of God.
We commend to thy fatherly care the bereaved
wife, the children and the relatives of the departed.
Remember them, 0 Lord, in mercy. Sanctify
thy fatherly correction to Ihem. Endow their
souls with patience under their affliction, and with
resignation to thy blessed will. Comfort them
with a sense of thv goodness, and enable them to
prepare to follow him who has gone before them
to that better world, where God wipes away all
tears from those whom death has swallowed up in
victory.
We beseech thee to bless this dispensation of
thy Providence to the members of this Congress
here and now assembled, and to all who are en-
gaged in the public service. Teach them that the
glory of man is as the flower of the grass—that
the fashion of this world passeth away. Teach i
them the folly of ambition, the sin of strife, and
the nothingness of renown. Make them so to
lay to heart this lesson of mortality as to live
above the world, to seek thy favor, to study thy
law, and in all their actions to aim at thy glory,
at the good of their own souls, and of the souls of
their feilow-men.
And when we are called to go the way of all the
earth, may we depart in the confidence of a cer- !
tain faith, in the comfort of a reasonable,religious, !
and holy hope, in favor with thee, our God, ami !
perfect charity with the world. All of which we i
ask m the name and for the sake of Jesus Christ, i
our Saviour. Amen. |
The Journal of yesterday having been read,
A message was received from the Senate by the
hands of Asbijhy Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
announcing the death of Henry Cl\y, late Sasa-
tor from Kentucky, and the adoption of the fol- j
lowing proceedings by that body, viz: |
Resolved, That a oommiltee of six be appointed by the j
1'restil jut of the r-cnatelo take order for superintending the ;
funeral oCHenky Clay, late a member of this body, which j
lVlJl lake [>'.!.:>■ lo-monow at twelve o'cloe!,, meodia!), and
that the Senate will attend the .same. 1
Resolved, That the members of the Senate, from a mii-
eere desire'uf showing every inaik of u --pi < t to the mem- ;
oty ot' the deceased, will go into mourning for one month '
bytUf usual mode of wearing crape on the left aim. j
Rc.'jl ved, as a further mark of respect entertained by the
benate for the memory of IIlney C'i.ay and lus long and
distinguished services to his country, Tnat lus remains, m
puisuunce of the known wishes of Ins family, be removed
to the place of sepultuie, selected by himself, af Lexington,
ill Kentucky, m charge of the Seigeant-at-Arms, and at-
tended by a'coiiumttee of six Senatbis, to l)e appointed by
the PreinTent of the Senate, who shall have full power to
cai'lv this resolution into effect.
Resolved, That as an additional mark of respecf fo the
meiuorv of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. Hunter, Sir. Dawson, Mr. Joxks of tovva, -Mr.
Cooi'rn, Mr. IIrI'-.ht. and Mr. Hmttii, appointed the
Committee of Airangenients.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE then rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: I rise to perform the melancholy
duty of announcing to this body the death of
Henry Clay, late a Senator in Congress from the
Commonwealth of Kentucky.
Mr. Cuv expired at his lodgings m this city
yesterday morning at seventeen minutes past
eleven o'clock, in the seventy-sixth year of his
a" p. His noble intellect was unclouded to the
last. After protracted sufferings, he passed away
without pam; and so gently did the spirit leave
his frame, that the moment of departure was not
observed by the friends who watched at his bed-
side. His last hours were cheered by tile pres-
ence of an affectionate son, and he died surrounded
by friends who, during his long illness, had done
all that affection could suggest to soothe his suffer-
ings.
Although this sad event has been expected for
many weeks, the shock it produced, and the innu-
merable tributes of respect to his memory exhib-
ited on every side, and in every form, prove the
depth of the public sorrow and the greatness of
the public loss.
Imperishably associated as his name has been
for fifty years with every great event affecting the ,,
fortunes of our country, it is difficult to^ realize •
that lie is indeed gone forever. It is difficult to
feel that we shall see no more his noble form
within ihese walls—that we shall hear no more
his pairiot tones, now rousing his countrymen to
vindicate their rights againsf" a foreign foe, now
imploring them to preserve concord among them-
selves. We shall see him no more. The mem-
ory and the fruits of his services alone remain to
us. Amidst the general gloom, the Capitol,itself
looks desolate, as if the genius of the place had
departed. Already the intelligence has reached
almost every quarter of the Republic, and a great
people mourn with us, to-day, the death of their
most illustrious citizen. Sympathizing, as we dQ,
deeply, with his family and friends, yet privat®
affliction is absorbed in the general sorrow. Th 
spectacle of a whole community lamenting the loss
of a great man, is far more touching than any
manifestation of private grief. In speaking of a
loss which is national, I will not attempt to de-
scribe the universal burst of grief with which
Kentucky will receive these tidings. The attempt
would be vain to depict the gloom that will cover
her people, when they know that the pillar of
fire is removed, which has guided their footsteps
for the life of a generation.
It is known to the country, that from the mem-
orable session of 1849-"50, Mr. Clay's health
gradually declined. Although several years of his
Senatorial term remained, hedid not propose to con-
tinue in the public service longer than the present
session. He came to Washington chiefly to de-
fend, if it should become necessary, the measures
of adjustment, to the adoption of'which he so
largely contributed; but the condition of Ilia health
did not allow him, at any time, to participate in
the discussions of the Senate. During the winter,
he was confined almost wholly to his room, with
slight changes in his condition, but gradually
losing the remnant of his strength. Through the
long and drearv winter, he conversed much and
cheerfully with liis friends, and expressed a deep
interest in public affairs. Although he did not
expect a restoration to health, he cherished the
hope that the mild season of spring would bring1
to him strength enough to return to Ashland, and
die in the bosom of his family. But alas! spring,
that brings life to all nature, brought no life nor
hope to him. After the month of March, his vital
powers rapidly wasted, and for weeks he lay pa-
tiently awaiting the stroke of death. But the ap-
proach of the destroyer had no terrors for him.
No clouds overhung his future. He met the end
with composure, and his pathway to the grave
was brightened by the immortal hopes which
spring from the Christian faith.
Nor long before his death, having just returned
from Kentucky, I bore to him a token of affection
from Ins excellent \\yfe. Never can I forget his ap-
pearjnee, his manner, orhis words. Afterspeaking
of his family, his friends, and his country, hs
changed the conversation to his own future, and
looking on me with his line eye undimmed, and his
voice full of its original compass and melody, he
said, " I am not afraid to die, sir. I have hope,
faith, and some confidence. I do not thmkany mat!
can be entirely certain in regard to his future state,
but I have an abiding trust in the merits and me-
diation of our Saviour." It will assuage the grief
of his family to know that he looked hopefully
beyond the tomb, and a Christian people will re-
joice to hear that such a man in his last hours,
reposed with simplicity and confidence on the
promises of the Gospel.
It is the custom on occasions like this, to speak
of the parentage and childhood of the deceased,
and to follow him, step by step, through life. I
will not attempt to relate even all the great events
of Mr. Cl vy's life, because they are familiar to the
whole country, and it would be needless to enu-
merate a long list of public services which form a
part of American history.
Beginning life as a friendless boy, with few ad-
vantages save those conferred by nature, while
yet a minor he left Virginia, the State ofhis birth,
anil commenced the practice of law at Lexington,
in Kentucky. At a bar remarkable for its num-
bers and talent, Mr. Clay soon rose to the first
rank. At a very early age he was elected from
the county of Fayette to the General Assembly of
Kentucky, and was the Speaker of that body.
Coming into the Senate of the United States, for
the first time, in 1806, he entered upon a parlia-
mentary career, the most brilliant and successful
in our annals. From that time, he remained ha-
bitually in the public eye. As a Senator, as a
member of this House, mid its Speaker, as a
representative of his country abroad, anu as a
high oiiicer in the Executive department of tha
Government, he was intimately connected for fifty
years with every great measure of American poli-
cy. Of the mere party measures of this period* *
