726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
route, and were accepted. Part of his contract
was that he should carry all the passengers which
came by way of either of the end routes; and from
the number of passengers, and the weight of the
mails, it was sometimes found that he could carry
neither with a two-horse coach. Under these*cir-
cumstances he used four-horse coaches and carried
the mail during the whole length of time. Now,
the others were entitled to and received pay for
the higher grade of service, and he performed the
same service, and ought to be paid at the same
rate.
Mr. BAYARD, I regret to say that T cannot
assent to the passage of this bill. It seems to me
objectionable in principle. The ground on which
I oppose the bill is this: the party contracted with
the Post Office Department, or the managers of the
mail service. After making that contract, and
under the circumstances stated by the Senator from
Texas, he made an application for an alteration of
the contract, which tne Department declined; and
in defiance of that determination on the part of the
Department, he chose to go on and carry passen-
gers just as if he had made his contract for four-
horse coaches. Now, I cannot consent to the prin-
ciple which would thus be established—that where
a contract is made with the Postmaster General,
(who is the proper party to make such contracts,)
and an application is made to change that contract,
which he refuses to do, the party, on the applica-
tion of citizens and others, goes on to perform his
"contract in a manner different from that implied by
its terms. I say that, although such a violation of
contract may in some instances be beneficial to the
citizens of the neighborhood, the contractor, after
theextentof his contract has been fully determined,
should not come in and claim that compensation to
which he would only be entitled if the Postmaster
General had made an alteration. I think the prin-
ciple involved here is an unsound one, and there-
fore I must vote against this bill.
Mr PRATT: We have in this part of the
Chamber the misfortune of not being able to hear
the remarks of the Senator from Delaware, and
very possibly he lias stated objections to the pas-
sage of this bill which have occurred to my mind;
but in consequence of his location, we have not
heard his observations.
As I understand the explanation of my friend
from Texas in reference to this bill, the c*ise is
this: Proposals were issued by the Post Office
Department for carrying the mail on three routes
which were continuous. Different proposals were
made upon the dilferent routes, and the Postmaster
General granted the applications for the two routes
at the termini for carrying the mail in four-horse
post coaches; and each contractor was to carry
all the passengers. A portion between the two
extremes was left to a contractor who contracted
to carry the mail and passengers in two-horse
coaches. The party found it impracticable to
I carry out his contract with two-horse coaches,
™ and was consequently obliged to put upon this
intermediate route four-horse coaches, and the re-
sult is, that he now makes his application outside
of his contract, to be paid fur doing no service
except that which he contracted to do at a stipula-
ted price. If I understand my friend from Texas,
it doe« appear to me that these panics are not en-
titled to the compensation which they ask.
Mr. RUSK. Perhaps it may be as well to read
the report of the committee, since objections have
been made to the passage of the bill. It has al-
ready passed the Senate two or three times, and
been very fully discussed here on one or two
occasions. But I will lead the ieport of the
committee, that the Senate may see what it is:
"The petilionor was a contractor in 1839 lor cariy m« the
mail on route No. 1,932, m Virginia, fioni Komney to Clai ks-
burg, and earned the mail for tour years and a half at a rate
of compensation of j$2,000 per annum, being the price stipu-
lated to be paid for convoying the mail in two horse stages,
two trips a week and back. But he actually earned the
mail in four horse post coaches three trips a week and back,
and in one day ana a half, instead of two and a halt da}-*,
which was the schedule under his contract. For the em-
ployment of four horse coaches, instead of two-horse stages,
and for one additional tup weekly, and the increased speed,
lie claims an additional compensation, which he estimates
at about §8,000 for the whole term of his contract. The
fact-* that the petitioner carried the mail in tour-horse post
coaches and that he made three trip-? a week, and with in-
creased speed, are satisfactory proved. It alfc.o appears
that the additional horses and the additional trip increased
the tolls on the route about fifty percent., being neaiiv £500
per annum.
" This additional service was not expressly authorized
by the Depaitment, but the circumstances which induced
him to perform it are such as he claims authorized a belief
that he should be paid tor it, or afford a reasonable ground
of equity entitling hiui to compensation. These circum-
stances are as follow: At the lettirigs in 1839, the mail
from Winchester to Parkersburg, on the Ohm river, con-
sisting of three route®, was adveitised for bids in two-horse
stages and m tour-horse coaches ; and when the bids were
considered, the Department accepted the proposals for four-
horrfe service on the eastern and western divisions of the
route; but on the middle division, tor which the petitioner
was the bidder, it accepted the proposals for two horse ser-
vice; but at the same time expressly reserved the right to
change it to four-horse service, and represented to the con-
tractor that it would be so changed as soon as the revenues
of the Department would admit of it. It was a part of the
contract that the contractor was to convey with the mail
the passengers who came in the stage conveying the mail,
at the points of connection—that is, Romney and Clarks-
burg. The contract having been accepted for the lower
grade of service in the middle division of the route only,
the petitioner found thatit would be difficult, if not impos-
sible, for him to perfoim the same seivice, both in the con-
veyance of the mail and passengers, with two horses which
the contractors on the east and west ends of the route would
perform wilh four horses. Some of the postmasters and
citizens oil the route, perceiving his difficulty, interested
themselves in the matter, and endeavoied to relieve him
from the embarrassments of his contract. At the request
of the citizens of Marietta, the postmaster of that place
went with the petitioner to Washington to see the Post-
master General oil the subject, before the time for com-
mencing the service, to induce him to order four horse ser-
vice, in confoimity with the other divisions of the route.
The Postmastei General declined then to order the higher
grade of service, but gave encouiagement that it might be
oidered soon.
" Under these circumstances, and with the advice of the
citizens on the route, the petitioner was induced to stock
the route for lour-horse coach service, and to commence
carrying the mail in that way, expecting soon to leceive
authority for this change in his service. He continued to
t anspoit the mail in four-horse coaches, and to makethree
instead of two trips a week during the whole term of his
contract, which was known to the Department; but it did
not order the higher grade ol' service, nor notily the con-
tractor that he must not expect to be paid for the additional
service fie was rendering. Since the expiration of the pe-
titioner's conn act, the whole of this route has been let lor
four-horse coach service, whilst the mails are not increased
beyond what they were during the preceding contiact.
" The question in the case seems to be, whether the cir-
cumstances under winch this additional service was per-
formed vveie such as to afford a reasonable ground of equity
for compensating the petitioner for the same. And the
committee aie ol opinion that they do afford such equitable
ground, and they therefore report a bill for his lelief. But
they do not adopt, as the rate of compensation, the actual
charges claimed by the petitioner, but the difference be-
tween the sum he received and the sum since paid for the
higher grade of service, with an additional trip weekly, on
the same route. This is (fcl,2G7 per annum,making lor the
four years and a halt the sum of ,^5,701 50, which they think
ought to be paid to the petitioner, and they report a bill ac-
coidingly."
Now, sir, if that report does not show a clear
case" ot equity, it is difficult for me to conceive
what would do it. 1 do not design to go into cer-
tain circumstances which are in the testimony with
regard to the management of the mails about the
time this contract Was made. Here is a contract
made on the two ends of the continuous line, for
carrying the same mail and the same passengers;
and the intermediate route was accepted at a lower
grade of service, and the extreme ones at a higher
grade.
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend from Texas
permit me to ask whether this bill was reported
unanimously by the committee?
Mr. RUSK. It was; and it has passed the
Senate two or three times.
Mr. BAYARD. It is said that the Postmaster
General reserved the right to change the contract,
but he did not so change it, representing however
thatit would be so changed. Now, I would ask the
Senator from Texas whether the evidence of that
representation arises from the ex parte affidavit of
the individual who contracted or from any written
acknowledgment of the proper officer of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. RUSK. It came from the gentleman who
comes here laboring under these difficulties. The
other parties at each end of the road had four-
horse coaches, and the Postmaster General told
him that he would so arrange the line that he
should have no more trouble among the pas-
sengers.
Mr. BAYARD. This was at the time the con-
tract was made?
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; afterwards.
Mr. BAYARD. I understood that the statement
was made at the time this contract was made. The
report says:
"At the letting? in 1839, the mail from Winchester to
Paikeisburg, on the Ohio iiver, consisting of three routes,
was advertised for bids in two horse stages and in four-
horse coaches ; and when the bids were considered, the
Department accepted the proposal for four-horse service on
the eastern and western divisions of the route; but en the
middle division, for which the petitioner was the bidder, it
accepted the proposals for two horse service; but at the
same time expressly reserved the right to change it to four-
horse service, and represented to the contractor that it
would be so changed as soon as the revenues of the De-
partment would admit of it. It was a part of the contract
that the contractor was to convey with the mail the passen-
gers who came in the stage conveying the mail, at the
points of connection—that is, Romney and Clarksburg.
The contract having been accepted for the lower grade of
service in the middle division of the route Only, the peti-
tioner found tliatit would be difficult, if not impossible, for
him to perform the same service, both in the conveyance of
the mail and passengers with two horses, which the con-
tractors on the east and west ends of the route would per-
form with fourhorses. Some of the postmasters and citizens
on the route, perceiving his difficulty, interested themselves
in the matter, and endeavoied to relieve hun from the em-
barrassments of his contract. At the request of the citizens
of Marietta, the postmaster of that place went with the
petitioner to Washington to spe the Postmaster General on
the subject, before the time for commencing the service, to
induce hun to order tour horse service, m conformity with
the other divisions of the route. The Postmaster General
declined then to order the higher grade of service, but gave
encouragement that it might be ordeied souu."
Now, I presume that there is no written evi-
dence of any such encouragement held out. X'
would ask if there is any letter from the Depart-
ment giving that encouragement to the petitioner.
If not, I would be unwilling that any verbal dec-
laration being made by a witness should go to
show that the contract should be different. 1 think
the principle is a dangerous one, and I am there-
fore opposed to it.
Nor, sir, can I assent to the doctrines advanced
by the distinguished Senator from North Caroli-
na—that because a bill has been reported by a
committee we should pass it quiescently and with-
out investigation. Wherever I can see a principle
in a bill which is wrong, I shall go into an investi-
gation of the matter, and shall at all times feel it
my duty to oppose such a measure.
Mr. BADGER. I did not intend to lay down
any principle on this subject at all. I merely
meant to state a rule by which I should regulate
my own conduct. Every other gentleman will reg-
ulate himself by his own notions; but when a case
of a private bill comes up which has been reported
unanimously by the committee in favor of grant-
ing relief to the claimant, and particularly when,
in addition to that fact, on two former occasions,
the Senate have passed bills in conformity with
that report, I, for one, will not undertake to enter
into any reinvestigation of the matter.
My friend from Delaware may have (and no
doubt justly) a higher confidence m his capacity
to enter into an examination of the decisions of a
committee or of the Senate than I can have, and
having that confidence, it is all right and proper
that he should investigate the matter; but 1, not
having that confidence that I can better investigate
the subject than the committee or the Senate, and
this being a private claim, I certainly cannot put
my vote against a bill which comes here thus rec-
ommended to me.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator from North Car-
olina is the best judge of his own course of action
regarding matters coming before this body, and I
must be the judge of what is best in my own case.
Mr. BADGER. Certainly. That is right.
Mr. BAYARD. Though he may suppose it i 
somewhat presumptuous in me to question ante-
rior decisions of the Senate, because a bill has
formerly been passed, I must say that, in my
judgment, if the views of the Senator were car-
ried out, the corruptions that would exist in this
Government would be limitless.
Mr. BADGER. Very likely they might. We
have heard a great deal about these corruptions in
past times, but take it altogether, I think things
have gone on pretty well, and these bills have been
comfortably got along with.
Mr. MASON. This is a claim brought by a
man whom I have known for many years, and a
more respectable, worthy, and honest man cannot
be found. He contracted for several years to carry
the mail, and his failure to receive the compensa-
tion due to him for the service has now broken him
down, and he is a bankrupt. I do not me£n to ad-
duce this as adding to the merit of the case, but I do
not doubt the fact will commend itself to the kind-
ly feelings of Senators generally, and especially of
my friend from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard.]
Now, as one of a committee who investigated
this claim some years ago, and because of the per-
sonal interest I took m this gentleman, I examined
the subject with great care, and I am prepared to
say this to the Senate, that this service was un*
