1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
to the thoughtful, hopeful, philanthropic student
of the annais of his race, never was there a con-
vict in which such dangers were threatened, such
hopes imperiled, or the hero of which deserved a
warmer gratitude, ^ nobler triumph, or a prouder
monument.
Sir, from that long, anxious, and exhausting
conflict he never rose again. In that last battle
for his country's honor and his country's safety
he received the mortal wound which'laid him
low; and we now mourn the death of a martyred
patriot.
But never, in all the grand drama which the
story of his life arrays, never has he presented a
subhmet* or a more touching spectacle than in
those last days of his decline and death. Broken
with the storms of State, wounded and scathed in
many a fiery conflict, that aged, worn, and de-
cayed body, in such mournful contrast with the
never-dying strength of his giant spirit, he seemed
a proud and sacred, though a crumbling monu-
ment of pas!; glory. Standing amongst us, like
some ancient colossal ruin amidst the degen-
erate and more diminutive structures of modem
times, its vast proportions magnified by the con-
trast, he reminded us of those days when there
were giants m the land, and we remembered that
even then there was none whose prowess could
withstand his arm. To watch him in that slow de-
cline, yielding with dignity, and as it were inch
by inch to that last enemy, as a hero yields to a
conquering foe, the glorious light of his intellect
J Henry and her Henry Clay. I speak for a peo-
I pie among whom he has always had as earnest
j and devoted friends as were ever the grace and
I glory of a patriot and statesman.
I shall attempt no sketch of his life. That you
have had from other and abler hands than mine.
Till yesterday that life was, of his own free gift,
the property of his country; to-day it belongs to
her history. It is known to all, and will not be
forgotten. Constant, stern opponent of his polit-
ical school as has been my State, I say for her,
that nowhere in this broad land are his great qual-
ities more admired, or his death more mourned,
than in Virginia. Well may this be so; for she
is his mother, and he was her son.
Mr. Speaker, when I remember the party strifes
in which he was so much mingled, and through
which we all more or less have passed, and then
survey this scene, and think how far, as the light-
ning has borne the news that he is gone, half-masted
flags are drooping and church-hells are tolling, and
men are sorrowing—I can bat feel that it is good for
man to die. For when death enters, oh! how the
un kindnesses and jealousies, and rivalries of life do
vanish, and how, like incense from an altar, do
peace and friendship and all the sweet chanties of
our nature rise around the corpse which was once
a man!
And of a truth, Mr. Speaker, never was more
of veritable, noble manhood cased m mortal mould
i than was found in him to whose memory this
| brief and humble but true and heart-felt tribute is
blazing still in all its wonted brilliancy, and setting j; paid. But his eloquent voice is hushed, his high
at defiance the clouds that vainly attempted to ob- ;j heart is stilled. " Like a shock of corn fully ripe, he
scure it, he was more full of interest than in the
day of his glory and his power. There are some
men whose brightest intellectual Emanations rise
so little superior to the instincts of the animal,
that we are led fearfully to doubt that cherished
truth of the soul's immortality, which, even in
despair, men press to their doubting hearts. But
it is in the death of such a man as he, that we are
reassured by the contemplation of a kindred
though superior spirit, of a soul which, immortal,
like his fame, knows no old age, no decay, no
death.
The wondrous light of his unmatched intellect
may have dazzled a world; the eloquence of that
inspired tongue may have enchanted millions, but
there are few who have sounded the depths of that
noble heart. To see him in sickncss and in health,
in joy and in sadness, in the silent watches of the
night and in the busy daytime—this it was to
know and love him. To see the impetuous tor-
vent of that resistless will—the hurricane of those
passions hushed in peace, breathe calm and gently
as a summer zephyr; to feel the gentle pressure of
that hand in the grasp of friendship which in the
rage of fiery conflict would hurl scorn and defiance
at his foe; to see that eagle eye which ofi would
burn with patriotic ardor or flash with the light-
ning of his,ariger, beam with the kindliest expres-
sions of tenderness and affection—then it was,
and then alone, we could learn to know and feel
that that heart was warmed by the same sacred
fire from above which enkindled the light of his
resplendent intellect. In the death of such a man
even patriotism itself might pause, and for a mo-
ment stand aloof while friendship shed a tear of
sorrow upon his bier.
" His life was gentle; and the elements
So mix'd in him, that Nature might stand up
And say to all the world, This was a man."'
has been gathered to his fathers." With more than
three-score years and ten upon him, and honors
clustered thick about him, m the full possession
of unclouded intellect, and all the consolations of
chiistiamty, he has met the fate which is evitable
by none. Lamented by all his countrymen, his
name is bright on Fame's immortal roll. He has
finished his course, and hehashiscrown. What
more fruit can life bear? What can it give that
Henry Clay has not gained
Then, Mr. Speaker, around his; tomb should be
heard not only the dirge that wails his loss, hut
the jubilant anthem which sounds that on the
world's great battle-field another victory has been
won, another incontestable greatness achieved.
Mr. CHANDLER said: Mr. Speaker, it would
seem as if the solemn invocation of the honorable
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. E wing] was receiv-
ing an early answer, and that the heavens are
hung in black, and the wailing elements aic sing-
ing the funeral dirge of Henry Clay. Amid this
elemental gloom and the distress which pervades
the nation at the death of Hf.yry Clay, private
grief should not obtrude itself upon notice, nor
■ personal anguish seek for utterance. Silence is
the best exponent of individual sorrow, and the
j heart that knoweth its own bitterness shrinks from
j an exposition of its affliction.
I Could I have consulted my own feelings on the
! event which occupies the attention of the House
at the present moment, I should even have for-
! borne attendance here, and in the solitude and
j silence of my chamber, have mused upon the ter-
1 rible lesson which has been administered to the
; people and the nation. But i represent a constit-
uency who justly pride themselves upon the un-
| wavering attachment they have ever felt and man-
i lfested to Henry Clay—a constant, pervading,
_ . , . , i , ,1T1 4 ; I hereditary love; the son has taken up the fathei's i
But who can estimate his country s loss? What j; affec,ion/an(i amid all the professions of political !
tongue portray the desolation which m this hour |j at(ac|imentg tQ 0thers, whom the accidents of!
throughout this broad land hangs hke a gloomy j, party haye made prominent, and the success ofi
pall over his grief-stricken countrymen ' How n party has made powerful, trueto his own instincts, !
poorly can words like mine translate tne eloquence j| ^ 'lme lQ (he /ancl]fie(l legacy of his father, he
of a whole people s grief for a patriot s death. i; ^ag pjace(j tjie name of Henry Clay forward <md
For a nation s loss let a nation mourn, rorthatstu- (j aa fi1P pvnnnwit. of what is greatest m
pendous calamity to our country and mankind, be '}
the heavens hung with black; let the wailing ele- jj
ments chant his "dirge, and the universal heart of jj
man throb with one common pang of grief and i|
anguish. j;
i i
Mr. CASKTE said: Mr. Speaker, I must try
to lay a single laurel leaf in that open coffin which
is already garlanded by the eloquent tributes to
the illustrious departed, which have been heard in !,   , , „ , . - TT - - ,
this now solemn Hail,—for I come, sir, from the :j yield to no portion of this great Onion, in their
district of his birth. I represent on this floor that appreciation of the talents, their reverence for the j,
old Hanover so proud of her Henrys—her Patrick h lofty patriotism, their admiration of the states- i-
preeminent as the exponent of what is greatest m
statesmanship, and purest in patriotism. And
even, sir, when party fealty caused other attach-
ments to be avowed for party uses, the preference
was limited to the occupancy of office, and supe-
riority admitted for Clay, in all that is reckoned
above party estimation.
Nor ought I to forbear to oud, that as the senior
member of the delegation which represents my
Commonwealth, 1 am requested to utter the senti-
ments of the people of Pennsylvania at large, who
manship, and hereafter their love of the memory
of Henry Clay.
1 cannot, therefore, be silent on this occasion,
without injustice to the affections of my constitu-
ency, even though I painfully feel how inadequate
to the reverence and love my people have towards
that statesman, must be all that 1 have to utter on
this mournful occasion.
I know not, Mr, Chairman, where now the
nation is to find the men she needs in peril. Either
other calls than those of politics are holding in
abeyance the talents which the nation may need,
or else a generation is to pass undistinguished by
the greatness of our statesmen. Of the-noble
minds that have swayed the Senate, one yet sur-
vives in the maturity of powerful intellect, care-
fully disciplined and nobly exercised. May He
who has thus far blessed our nation, spare to her
and the world, that of which the world must al-
ways envy our country the possession. "But my
business is with the dead.
The biography of Henry Clay, from his child-
hood upward, is too familiar to every American,
for me to trespass on the time of this House, by
a reference directly thereto; and the honorable
gentlemen who have preceded me, have with affec-
tionate hand and appropriate delicacy, swept away
the dust which nearly four score years have scat-
tered over a part of the record, and have made our
pride greater in his life, and our grief more poig-
nant at his death, by showing some of those pas-
sages which attract respect to our republican in-
stitutions, of which Mr. Clay's whole life was the
able support, and most successful illustration.
It would, then, be a work of supererogation for
me to renew that effort, though inquiry into the
life and conduct of Henry Clay would present
new themes for private eulogy; new grounds for
public gratitude.
How rare is it, Mr. Speaker,that thegreat man,
j living, can, with confidence, rely on extensive per-
j sonal friendship, or, dying, think to awaken a
. sentiment of regret beyond that which includes the
i public loss or the disappointment of individual
i hopes. Yet, sir, the message which yesterday
I went forth from this city, that Henry Clay was
\ dead, brought sorrow, personal, private, special
! sorrow to the hearts of thousands. Each of whom
' felt that from his own love for, his long attaoh-
j ment to, his disinierested hopes in, Henry Clay,
■ he had a particular sorrow to cherish and express,
| which weighed upon his heart, separate from the
! sense of national loss,
j No man, Mr. Speaker, in our nation, had the art
I so to identify himself with public measures of the
: mostmomentous character, and to maintain, at the
! sametime,aImostuniversal affection,like that great
statesman. His business, from his boyhood, was
: with national concerns, and he dealt with them as
with familiar things^ And yet his sympathies
! were with individual interests, enterprises, affec-
I tions, joys, and sorrows; and while every patriot
j bowed in humble deference to his lofty attainments
| and heartfelt gratitude for his national services,
j almost every man'in this vast Republic knew that -
I the great statesman was, in feeling and experience,
' identified with his own position. Hence,theuni-
versal love of the people; hence, their enthusiasm
in all times, for his fame. Hence, sir, their pres-
ent grief.
Many other public men of our country have
distinguished themselves, and brought honor to
the nation, by superiority in some peculiar branch
of public service, but it seems to have been the
gift of Mr. Clay to have acquired peculiar emi-
nence in every path of duty he was called to tread.
In the earnestness of debate, which great public
interests and distinguished opposing talents excited
in this House, he had no superior in energy,
force, or effect. Yet as the presiding officer, by
blandness of language, and firmness of purpose,
he soothed and made orderly; and thus, by official
dignity, he commanded the respect which energy
had secured to him on the floor.
Wherever official or social duties demanded an
cxercise of his power, there was a preeminence
which seemed prescriptively his own. In the
lofty debate of the Senate and the stirring ha-
rangues to popular assemblages, he was the orator
of the nation, and of the people; and the sincerity
of purpose, and the unity of design evinced in all
he said or did, fixed in the public mind a confi-
dence strong and expansive as the affections he
had won.
