1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dertaken by Mr. Ktiykendall of carrying-the mail
in four-horse coaches and an increased number of
times per week in lieu of the two-horse coaches in
compliance v.-iih his original contract, on the ex-
pectation, if not a direct promise derived from
the Postmaster General, that when the improved
condition of the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment would admit of it, he would ratify what
he had undertaken to do, and pay him accordingly.
The service was undertaken because the necessi-
ties of that line required it, and because of the just
expectation derived from his intercourse with the
Postmaster General, that when the revenues would
allow it, he would be paid. Here is the letter,
which I think will answer the Senator from Del-
aware. It is from the Postmaster General, and is
addressed to the Hon. George W. Hopkins, then
chairman of the Committee on the PostOfficeand
Post Roads in the House of Representatives. He
says:
"But such was the difference on the route in question,
that the two-hor&e hta^e service was accepted, with a reser-
vation that rho higher service might be ordeiod if the De-
partment should think proper. The expenditures of the
Department were at that tune over its income, and econ-
omy was the sole con^idoiauon which induced the accept-
ance of the stage service, with the intention freely expressed
to Mr. Kuykendall to order the higher service whenever
the nicanx of the Department would authorize it.
"Mr. Kuykendall was then running four-horse coaches,
and it was 110 doubt in anticipation of such an older that
be continued that kind o/ seivice, and ran three times a
week when he was bound to run bur twice.
'•The anticipated improvement in the revenue did not
occur, and the higher service was never ordered; and I
have no doubt that Mr. Kuykendall had a hard ume ot it."
Now, I submit to the Senator who reported this
bill from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, whether this is not a case which ad-
dresses itself to the equity of the National Legisla-
ture. This man has expended his money in
the public service, and with a just expectation
that the service he was performing would be rec-
ognized by the Department for which it was
done, the fact being substantiated by this letter.
And 1 submit, also, in addition to what has been
said with more force by the Senator from North
Carolina, that with respect to this bill, so far as
the facts are concerned, we may safely rely upon
the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. BORLAND. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Mason'] and the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Bad-
ger] with regard* to the confidence that should be
placed in the report of a committee, as to the facts
in the case; and, in general, I have great confidence
in the opinions of a committee. But the question
raised by the honorable Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] did not relate at all to the facts in
the case, or the opinions which may be expressed,
but to the principle upon which the allowance is
proposed to be given. This letter, as 1 under-
stand, was written in 1844, years after the trans-
action to which it relates had taken place, and
when the Postmaster General had gone out of the
Post Office Department. It is, then, the letter of a
private individual in relation to a certain transac-
tion which had occurred long before, and was
obtained with the intention of having it used to
sustain this claim, and is a mere statement of the
transaction as nearly as he could recollect it.
It seems to me, in looking at this matter in res-
pect to Mr. Kuykendall, that it suggests, I will
not say the corruption, but I will say the impro-
priety of the recognition of such a transaction by
Congress. An advertisement is put in the public
newspapers, and individuals are induced to come
forward and take contracts on the lowest terms.
An individual comes forward with others, and
makes a bid much lower than any one can afford
to do the service, and of course he excludes all
competition, and gets the contract. After he has
done it, if we admit the power of the Department
to make htm an extra allowance for extra service,
■we put it in the power of the Department to do as
"was done in years past, when extra allowance was
given to the postmasters throughout the country.
We know what a complaint there was of the cor- i
ruption which crept into the administration of the j
Post Office Department many years since, when I
extra allowances were made to contractors, to
double the amount originally contracted, so that
fortunes were made. Suspicions attached to the
administration of the Post Office Department, and,
consequently, certain officers were obliged to leave
their offices. Whether these suspicions were well
727
founded or not, I will not pretend to say. I men-
tion it, to show that corruptions were supposed to
have crept into that Department. Such was the
general public sentiment at that time, and a con-
trolling one, owing to the discretion exercised by
the Department to change the whole character of a
contract and make an increased allowance.
Although this is not precisely of the same char-
acter, it involves the same principle. It puts up to
the lowest bidder contracts for doing certain pub-
lic service. All competition is excluded, if you
admit that the Postmaster General can have a pri-
vate understanding with any contractor; for he
can change the contract to suit his convenience. I
do not doubt that Mr. Kuykendall is a very cor-
rect sort of a man; but that does not change the
principle in this case at all.
Sir, if this can be allowed, we shall have changes
j in the mail contracts every day of the year. We
! recognize the discretion of the Postmaster Gene-
! ral, and tfie contractors will act upon that, of
j course. If this principle be once recognized in
j these claims for extra allowance, I do not see how
| we are to reject these claims in future cases, which
j may come before us on precisely the same ground,
j Sir, there has scarcely been a month which 1 have
sat here without having had applications from cit-
j izens of my State, asking for an increase in the
j mail service. They set forth that the interests of
| the country require it. And what am 1 told when
| I make this request? I am told that the means of
| the country will not allow it. We are told that
; parties must carry out their contracts; that the
j Department has no discretion, and that the citi-
j zens must submit to the inconvenience. The rule
; of the Department, I think, is a correct one, al-
though 1 know that my constituents have suffered
in consequence. Where increased service is asked
upon any route, the regulation of the Department
is this: that the postmasters at the ends of the
routes are required to weigh the mail matter; and
if it exceeds a certain weight, the weight calcu-
lated upon at the ume the contract was made, then
the increased service is allowed and paid for. I
think that that is a proper regulation; and I pre-
sume it was the regulation at the time that Kuy-
kendall entered into his contract. All other portions
of the country, and all other contractors being re-
quii^d to conform to that regulation,! do not think
it ] ioper to make an exception in this case; be-
cause, if you do, you will have the Senate filled
with applications from all parts of the Uniofi—
many of them equally meritorious with this case,
however meritorious it may be.
Mr. RUSK. I have never known, during my
short term of service here, as well an established
case as this fail to receive the favorable considera-
tion of this Senate—to pay what is justly and equit-
ably due to an individual. I admit that we should
proceed with very great caution in the establishment
of a principle to govern a future Congress, or any-
thing of that sort. But these applications are not
determined by law; because, if a law existed to
determine them, they would not be before us.
They come before us, and are applications to our
discretion and sense of justice in the matter.
Now, sir, the question arises here, will the Uni-
ted States receive service which was necessary to
itself, which was reasonable, and which the Post-
master General himself encouraged to be made,
with the view that we should pay for it, and then
avail itself of a technicality to escape the payment
of it—or will itpay what every man will seeat once
ought to be paid ? What would have been the
consequence, if this individual had not put on the
four-horse coaches, and run his stages three tiroes
a week? Why the mails of the United States
would have been delayed; and every man who
used those mails would have been delayed, and
thrown over in his correspondence. Every pas-
senger going there would have had to do it at an
increased expense, and be detained from his busi-
ness in consequence of this interruption. This
man then, by his increased service has benefited
the Government, and benefited the public. He
was encouraged to perform this service by the
Postmaster General, lie broke himself in doing
so; and he now asks Congress whether they will
pay him, or try to exonerate themselves from the
payment. I hope the bill will be passed.
Mr. BAYARD. I confess I cannot perceive
the equity of this case, according to my ideas of
equity. Grounds of compassion are too loose as
ideas of equity, in my judgment. Acting here as
Representatives, we have no right to disburse the
funds of the nation as if we were dealing with our
own private funds, on motives addressed to our
feelings. We must act upon our judgment m re-
lation to claims against the Government. The
danger which I think grows out of legislation on
cases of this kind, arises out of this: our laws
require that the contracts shall be made in writing
by the Postmaster General, (previous notice hav-
ing been given,) and with the lowest bidder. When
the contract is made, and after the service has been
performed, after a lapse of eleven years, are we to
suffer a party to come forward and, on ex parte
testimony, to interpolate practically into that
contract a private understanding with the Post-
master General, and say that the Government is
bound to pay it* This individual did nothing
more than by the terms of the contract he was
bound to do, as regards the United Slates. The
terms of the contract bound him to carry the mails
of the United States,'and the passengers on the
route, in two-horse post coaches. If he pleased
to extend the power for the performance of the
duty, he had a right to do so; but he was bound
to perform the duty, and he wouldwhave lost his
contract, and been liable to forfeiture for a viola-
tion of it, if he had not gone on and performed the
service. The danger is, that you ask now a vio-
lation of our own law, (and there is no use in the
law if cases of this kind can be brought up, and"
made exceptions to it after this lapse of time,)
which guards against the exercise of discretion on
the part of the Postmaster General, when it is not
evidenced in the written contract of -he party.
You require that the Postmaster General shall give
a contract to the lowest bidder; and you seek now,
in defiance of the contract, to interpolate a private
understanding, or a private expectation held out to
him. 1 consider this is a dangerous principle, and
one that ought not to be tolerated, however hard
it may be on the party. Under the particular cir-
cumstances stated bv the Senator from Virginia,
I cannot recognize the principle of equity of the
case, unless you establish to my satisfaction that
there was a fraudulent collision between some
party and the officer, for the purpose of ruining
this individual or taking advantage of him. No
such intimation is made—no such evidence exists;
and therefore I cannot see any equity in the claim.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
WILLIAM A. CHRISTIAN.
The bill for the relief of William A. Christian
was read a second time, and the Senate proceeded
to consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
directs the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to pay to purser William A. Christian, in the
settlement of his accounts, the sum of $2,643 74,
being the amount disallowed him in a former set-
tlement of his accounts, for payments to warrant
officers of the United States steam-ship Princetonf
Mr. BRODHEAD called for the reading of the
report, and it was read accordingly.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed and read
a third Ume.
G. THOMAS HOWARD.
The bill for the relief of G. Thomas Howard
was read a second time, and the Senate proceeded
to consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
authorizes and directs the proper accounting offi-
ceis of the Treasury to audit and settle the claim
of G. Thomas Howard, for compensation and
traveling expenses as bearer of dispatches from
Texas to Washington city in the year 1845, and
to allow him compensation, at the rate of £6 per
day, for a period not exceeding twenty-five days,
and traveling expenses at the rate of 10 cents per
mile, from Austin, Texas, to Washington city,
computing the distance according to the most usu-
ally tra\eled route.
Mr. BAYARD. Is there any report in the case?
If there is, I should like to hear it re/id.
The PRESIDENT. It was reported by the
Senator fiom New Hampshire, [Mi\ Norris j] but
there is no written report.
Mr. PRATT. As the Senator who reported
the bill is not in his place, I would suggest the pro-
priety of laying K over.
The PRESIDENT. There is a letter from the
Secretary of State on the subject.
Mr. BADGER. I would like to hear it read.
