1640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 80,
Year after year, sir, has Henry Clay^ been j
achieving the work of the mission with which he ,
was intrusted; and it was only when the warmest ;
wishes of his warmest friends were disappointed, !
that he entered on thefruition of a patriot's highest 1
hopes, and stood in the full enjoyment of that ad- :
miration and confidence which nothing but the ;
antagonism of party relations could have divided.
How rich that enjoyment must have been, it is |
only for us to imagine. How eminently deserved ,
it was, we and the world can attest. _ _ 1
The love and the devotions of his political ;
friends were cheering and grateful to his heart, and
were acknowledged in all his life—were recognized j
even to his death.
The contest in the Senate Ch amber or the forum j
was rewarded with success achieved, and the great ;
victor could enjoy the ovation which partial friend- ;
ship or the gratitude of the benefited prepared. ,
But the triumph of his life was no party achieve- 1
ment. It was not in the applause which admiring :
friends and defeated antagonists offered to his .
measureless success, that he found the reward of
his labors and comprehended the extent ot his i
mission. j
. It was only when friends and antagonists |
paused in their contests, appalled at the public |
difficulties and national dangers which had been j
accumulating, unseen andunregarded; it was only j
when the nation itself felt the danger, and ac- j
knowledged the inefficacy of party action as a |
remedy, that Henry Clay calculated the full ex- |
tent of his power, and enjoyed the reward of t'neir j
saving exercise. Then, sir, you saw, and J saw, j
party designations dropped, and party allegiance ,
disavowed, and anxious patriots, of all localities j
and name, turn towards the country's benefactor
as the man for the terrible exigencies of the hour; I
and the sick chamber of Henry Clay became the j
Delphos, whence were given out the oracles that ,
presented the means and the measures of our
Union's safety. There, sir, and not in the high
places of the country, were the labors and sacri-
fices of half a century to be rewarded and closed.
With his right yet in that Senate which he had en-
tered the youngest, and lingered still the eldest,
member, he felt that his work was done, and
the object of his life accomplished. Every cloud
that had dimmed the noonday luster had been dis-
sipated ; and the retiring orb, which sunk from the
sight of the nation in fullness and in beauty, will
yet pour up the horizon a posthumous glory that
shall tell of the splendor and greatness of the
luminary that has passed away.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, al-
though I have been all my life a party opponent
of Mr. Clay, yet from mf boyhood 1 have been
upon terms of personal friendship with him.
More than twenty years ago, I was introduced to
him by my father, who was his personal friend.
From that time to this, there has existed between
us as great personal intimacy as the disparity in our
years, and our political difference would justify.
After [ became a memberof this Hoifse, and upon
his return to the Senate, subsequent, to his resig-
nation in 1842, the warm regard upon his part for
the daughter of a devoted friend of forty years'
standing, made him a constant visitor at my house,
and frequently a guest at my table. These cir-
cumstances make it proper, that upon this occa-
sion, I should pay this last tribute to his memory.
I not only knew him well as a statesman, but 1
knew him better in the most unreserved social in-
tercourse. The most happy circumstance, as 1
esteem it, of my political life has been, that 1 have
thus known each of our great Congressional tri-
umvirate.
1, sir, never knew a man of higher qualities
than Mr. Clay. His very faults originated in
high qualities. With greater self-possession, with
greater self-reliance than any man I ever knew,
he possessed moral and physical courage to as
high a degree as any man who ever lived. Con-
fident in his own judgment, never doubting as to
his own couise, feating no obstacle that might lie
in his way,it was almost impossible that he should
not have been imperious in his character. Never
doubting himself as to what he thought duty and
patriotism required at his hands, it was natural
that he should sometimes have been impatient
with those more doubting and timid than himself.
. His were qualities to have made a great general,
as they were qualities that did make him a great
statesman, and these qualities were so obvious
that during the darkest period of our late war with
Great Britain, Mr. Madison had determined, at
one time, to make him G-eneral-in-Chief of the
American army.
Sir, it is but a short time since the American
Congress- buried the first one that went to the grave
of that great triumvirate. We are now called
upon to bury another. The third, thank God!
still lives, and long may he live to enlighten his
countrymen by his wisdom, and set thern the ex-
ample of exalted patriotism. Sir, in the lives and
characters of these great men, there is much re- , - -
sembling those of the great triumvirate of the , world. He was the cotemporary of a race of
ceases to be remarkable, because illustrated by
such numerous examples—
" But there are deeds which should not pass away,
And names that must not wither."
Of such deeds the life of Henry Clay affords
many and bright examples. His own name, and
those with whom he associated, shall live with a
freshness which time cannot impair, and shine
with a brightness which passing years cannot
dim. His advent into public life was as remark-
able for the circumstances as it was brilliant in its
effect. It was at a time in which genius and
learning, statesmanship and eloquence, made the
American Congress the most august body in the
British Parliament. It differs principally in this:
Burke preceded Fox and Pitt to the tomb. Web-
ster survives Clay and Calhoun. When Fox and
Pitt died, there were no others to fill their place.
Webster still lives, now that Calhoun and Clay
are dead, the unrivaled statesman of his country.
Like Fox and Pitt, Clay and Calhoun lived m
troubled times. Like Fox and Pitt, they were
each of them the leader of rival parties. Like Fox
and Pitt they were idolized by their respective
friends. Like Fox and Pitt, they died about the
same time, and in the public service; and as has
been said of Fox and Pitt, Clay and Calhoun died
with " their harness upon them." Like Fox and
Pitt—
% " With more than mortal powers-endowed.
How high they soared above the crowd ;
Theirs was no common party race,
Jostling by dark intrigue for place—
Like fabled gods their mighty war
ritiook realms ami nations, m its jar.
Beneath each banner, proud to stand,
Looked up tlie noblest of the land.
" Here let their discord with them die.
Speak not tor those a separate doom ;
Whom fate made biothers m the tomb ;
But search the land of living men,
Where wiit thou find their like again r'
Mr. VENABLE said: Mr. Speaker, I trust
that I shall be pardoned for adding a few words
upon this sad occasion. The life of the illustrious
statesman which has just terminated is so inter-
woven with our history, and the lustre of his great
name so profusely shed over its pages, that simple
admiration of his high qualities might well be my
excuse. But it is a sacred privilege to draw near;
to contemplate the end of the gieat and the good.
It is profitable as well as purifying to look upon
and realize the office of death in removing all that
can excite jealousy or produce distrust, and to
gaze upon the virtues which like jewels have sur-
vived his powers of destruction. The light which
radiates from the life of a great and patriotic
statesman is often dimmed by the mists which
party conflicts throw around it. But the blast
which strikes him down purifies the atmosphere I
which surrounded him in life, and it shines forth i
in bright examples and well-earned renown. It 1
is then that we witness the sincere acknowledg- '
ment of gratitude by a people who, having en- !
joyed the benefits arising from the services of an \
eminent statesman, embalm his name in their i
memory and hearts. Weshould cherish such rec- '
ollections as well from patriotism as self-respect. 1
Ours, sir, is now the duty, in tkemidstof sadness,
in this high place, in the face of our Republic, and
before the world, to pay this tribute by acknowl-
edging the merits of our colleague whose name
has ornamented the Journals of Congress for near
half a century. Few, very few, have ever com-
bined the high intellectual powers and distin- j
guished gifts of this illustrious Senator. Cast in i
the finest mould by nature, he more than fulfilled
the anticipations which were indulged by those
who looked to a distinguished career as the certain
result of that zealous pursuit of fame and useful-
ness upon which he entered in early life. Of the i
incidents of that life it is unnecessary for me to ;
speak—they are as familiar as household words, i
and must be equally familiar to those who come
statesmen—some of whom then administering the
Government, and others retiring and retired from
office—presented an array of ability unsurpassed
in our history. The elder Adams, Jefferson,
Madison, Clinton, Gallatin, and Monroe, stood
before the Republic in the maturity of their fame;
whilst Calhoun, John Gluincy Adams, Lowndes,
Crawford, Gaston, Randolph, and Cheves, with
a host of others, rose a bright galaxy upon our
horizon. He who won his spurs in such a field
earned his knighthood. "Distinction amidst such
competition was true renown—■
" The fame which a man wins for himself in best-
That he may call his own."
It was such a fame that he made for himself in
that most eventful era in our history. To me,
sir, the recollections of that day, and the events
which distinguish it, is filled with an overpower-
ing interest. I never can forget my enthusiastic
admiration of the boldness, the eloquence, and the
patriotism of Henry Clay during the war of
1812. In the bright array of talent which adorned
the Congress of the United States; in the conflict
growing out of the political events of that time;
in the struggles of party, and amidst the gloom
! and disasters which depressed the spirits of most
' men, and well-nigh paralyzed the energies of the
J Administration,hischeerfulface,high bearing,rom-
j manding eloquence and iron will, gave strengthand
' consistency to those elements which finally gave not
only success but glorytothecountry. When dark
i clouds hovered over us, and there was little to save
| from despair, the country looked with hope to Clay
i and Calhoun, to Lowndes, and Crawford, and
i Cheves, and looked not in vain. The unbending
will, the unshaken ner\e, and the burning elo-
S quence of Henry Clay did as much to command
confidence and sustain hope as even the news of
our first victory after a succession of defeats.
Those great names are now canonized in history;
he, too, has passed to join them on its pages. As-
sociated in his long political life with the illustri-
ous Calhoun, he survived him but two years.
Many of us heard his eloquent tribute to his
memory in the Senate Chamber on the annuncia-
tion of his death. And we this day unite in a
similar manifestation of reverential regard to him
whose voice shall never more chaun the ear,
whose burning thoughts, borne on that medium,
shall no more move the hearts of listening assem-
blies.
In the midst of the highest specimens of our
race, he was always an equal; he was a man,
amongst men. Bold, skillful, and determined, he
gave character to the party which acknowledged
him as a leader; impressed his opinions upon their
minds, and an attachment to himself upon their
hearts. j\To man, sir, can do this without being
eminently great. Whoever attains this position
must first overcome the aspirations of antagonist
ambition, quiet the clamors uf rivalry, hold in
check the murmurs of jealousy, and overcome the
instincts of vanity and seif-Iove m the masses thus
subdued to his control. But few men ever attain
it. Very rare are the examples of those whose
plastic touch forms the minds and directs the pur-
poses of § great political party. This infallible
indication of superiority belonged to Mr. Clay.
He has exercised that control during a long life;
and now through our broad land the tidings of his
death, borne with electric speed, have opened the
after us. But it is useful to refresh memory by ! fountains of sorrow. Every city, town, village.
and hamlet will be clothed with mourning; along
out extended coast, the commercial and military
marine, with flags drooping nt half-mast, own the
bereavement; State-houses draped in black pro
claim the extinguishment of one of the great lights
of Senates; and minute-guns sound his requiem !
Sir, during the last five years I have r,een the
recurrence to some of the events which marked
his career. We know, sir, that there is much !
that is in common in the histories of distinguished
men. The elements which constitute greatness
are the same in all times; hence those who have
been the admiration of their generations present in
their lives much which, although really greai,
