THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Vll
their publication, four thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For necessary extra clerks during the latter part
of the sessions of the Legislative Assembly, bind-
ing the Revised Statutes, and other necessary in-
cidental expenses, two thousand dollars.
For payment of Messrs, Babcock, Wilkinson,
and Holcombe, for revising the laws, live hundred
dollars each, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, one
hundred and thirty-seven thousand seven hundred
and seventy-five dollars.
To enablethe Secretary of the Senate to pay for
the copies of the repoit of Doctor David Dale
Owen, United States geologist, on the geology of
Iowa and Wisconsin, and Minnesota Territory,
heretofore ordered to be executed for the use of
the Senate, under the special direction of the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, thirty-one
thousand two hundred and eighteen dollars and
seventy-five cents: Provided, That no more than
fifty cents a copy shall be paid for the binding of
the book.
To enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to pay for three thousand five hundred
copies of the report of Doctor David Dale Owen,
on the geology of Iowa and Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota Territory, ordered by a resolution of the
House of Representatives, to be executed under
the special direction of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, sixteen thousand one hun-
dred and eighty-seven dollars and fifty cents: Pro-
vided, That no more than fifty cents a copy shall
be paid for the binding of the book.
For contingent expenses of the Library of Con-
gress, eight hundred dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase one
hundred complete sets of Little & Brown's edi-
tion of the Statutes at Large, from volume one to
volume nine inclusive, for distribution to such
new officers us would have been entitled to receive
them under the act of the eighth of August., eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, and joint resolution of
the eighth of August, eighteen hundred and forty-
eight, three thousand one hundred and fifty dol-
lars .
For payment of the second and third volumes of
the fifth sei ies of the Do- unientary History, under
contract with the Secretary of State, in addition
to the balance of the appropriation of thirty-five
thousand dollars, per act of the thirtieth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty, eleven thou-
sand two hundred and ninety-four dollars.
For the payment of James W. Hale of the city
of New York", m full for discharging the duties of
dispatch agent from September, eighteen hundred
and forty-nine, to June, eighteen hundred and
fifty inclusive, the sum of six hundred dollars.
To cover the balance of compensation due to the
United States geologists for the Lake Superior
region, and for Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota,
and to their respective assistants, including the
cost of superintending the printing of their final
geological reports, five thousand nine hundred and
fifty-two dollars: Provided, That there shall be no
further geological survey by the Government, un-
less hereafter authorized by law.
For compensation of superintendent and four
watchmen Yor that portion of the Patent Office
Building which will be occupied by the Secretary
of the Interior, five hundred and sixty-two dollars
and fifty cents.
For outfits of Charges d'AfFaires to Denmark
and Bolivia, nine thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of State to pay William
E. Anderson for the loss oi time and expense in-
curred in coming from Rio Janeiro to New York,
under the direction of the American Minister at
the Brazilian Court, to testify against certain per-
sons alleged to have been engaged in the slave
trade, two hundred and fifty dollars.
To supply the deficiency in the Appropriation
for the relief of American citizens lately imprisoned
and pardoned by the Queen of Spain, three thou-
sand dollars.
For compiling, printing, and binding the Bien-
nial Register for eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
in addition to the amount appropriated per act of
third of March, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
two thousand two hundred and fifty-three dollars.
For the trial and maintenance of the light at
Waugasham, Michigan, one thousand dollars.
For expenses incurred in bringinggas pipes and
fixtures into and around the northeast Executive
Building, four hundred dollars.
For purchasing, walling, and ditching a piece
of land near the city of Mexico for acemetery or
burial-ground for such of the officers and soldiers
of our army, in our late war with Mexico, as fell
in battle, or died in and around said city, and for
the interment of American citizens who have died
or may die in said city, one thousand four hundred
and eighty dollars and thirty-four cents; and also
a sum not exceeding ten thousand seven hundred
and thirty-four dollars and sixty-five cents is
hereby appropriated to pay Adam Boyd Hamilton,
accoiding to contiact, for punting twenty thou-
sand and binding eighteen thousand six hundred
and ten copies, of three hundred and ninety-six
pages each, of the Register's Report of the Com-
merce and Navigation of the United States, for
eighteen hundred and fifty-one.
For additional compensation for increasing the
transportation of the United Slates mail between
New York and Liverpool, m the Collins line of
steamers, to twenty-six trips per annum, at such
times as shall be directed by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, and in conformity to his last annual report to
Congress, and his letter of the fifteenth of Novem-
ber last to the Secretary of the Navy, commencing
s?ud increased service on the first of January,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, at the rate of
thirty-three thousand dollars per trip, in lieu of the
present allowance, the sum of two hundred and
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars: Provided,
That it shall be m the power of Congress at
i any time after the thirty-first day of December,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, to terminate the
arrangement for the additional allowance herein
piovided for, upon giving six months' notice.
For defraying the expenses of the Supreme, Cir-
cuit, and District Courts of the United States, in-
cluding thi4 District of Columbia; also for jurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds aiising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures ineuired ni the fiscal
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty-two, and previous years, and likewise for de-
fraying tin; expenses of srdts m which the United
States are concerned, and of piooecutions for of-
fenses committed against the United States, and
for the apprehension and s^fe-lceepini; of prisoners,
in addition to former appropriations, ninety thou-
sand dollars: Provided, That, no officer of the Uni-
ted States who is in attendance upon any court of
the United States, m the discharge of the duties of
said office, shall receive any pay or compensation
for his attendance as a Witness on behalf of the
Government at the same time that he receives com-
pensation as such officer.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay to
the clerks employed in the Census Office on extra
duty, at the rate of one hundred dollars for full
service, according to the office roll, the sum often
thousand five hundred dollars.
For determining, running, and marking the
northern boundary of the State of Iowa, on the
parallel of forty-three degrees thirty minutes north
latitude, m addition to the appropriation heretofore
made for the same object, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the reconstruction or repairs of the steamer
Bibb, used in the survey of the Nantucket shoals,
eighteen thousand dollars.
"For establishing a depot of coal for naval pur-
poses at, Key West, m the State of Florida, twenty
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of a site on which to erect a
custom-house in ngor, Maine, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of a s:te on which to erect a
custom-house in Bath, Maine, e'even thousand
dollars.
For the completion of the custom-house at Mo-
bile, Alabama, one hundied thousand dollars: and
for the completion of the custom-house at Louis-
ville, Kentucky, the additional sum of sixteen
thousand dollars.
For the completion of the custom-house at Cin-
cinnati, fifty thousand dollars.
For the completion of the custom-house and
other public offices connected therewith, at Pitts-
burg, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For the completion of the fire-proof building in
the city of St. Louis, Missouri; for a custom-
house and independent treasury building and other
offices of the United States, thirty-seven thousand
dollars
For completing the custom-house at Norfolk,
Virginia, fifty thousand dollars.
For arrears of contingent expenses in the Post
Office Department, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For compensation to temporary clerks em-
ployed conditionally to bring up arrears of busi-
ness in the dead-letter office, one thousand and
two dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For fuel for the General Post Office Building
from the twentieth of February, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, to the end of the season, seven hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
For the payment of the salaries of the special
agents of the Post Office Department to the end of
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two, eleven thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For payment to the following named tribes of
Indians of the undermentioned sums due them,
retained by the late sub-Indian agent, William H.
Bruce, the same to be reimbursed to the United
States when recovered from said sub-agent or his
sureties, viz:
To Menomonecs, nine thousand four hundred
and sixty-six dollars and twenty-seven cents.
To Cnippewas, Menomonees, Winnebogoes,
and New York Indians, five hundred and twenty-
one dollars and fifty-nine cents.
To Six. Nations of New York, (Stockbridge,)
twenty-two dollars and fifty cents.
To Stockbridge, one thousand eight hundred
and six dollars.
For expenses of treaty with the Mississippi and
St. Peter's Sioux for the extinguishment of their
title to lands in Minnesota Territory, being m ad-
dition to the appropriation for the same object
made thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty, four thousand two hundred and seventy-two
dollars and thirty-eight cents.
For expenses of tieating with the Indians and
hulf breeds, for the extinguishment of the title to
their lands on the Red nver of the north, in the
Territory of Minnesota, being in addition to the
appropriation for the same object, made thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty, nine hun-
dred and one dollars and five cents.
For fulfilling treaties with the Winnebagoes,
viz: purchase of tobacco, per second article of
treaty of first August, eighteen hundred and twenty-
nine, and fifth article of treaty of fifteenth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, three
hundred and seventy-five dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with Otto was and Chippe-
was, viz: purchase of tobacco, per fourth article
of treaty of twenty-eighth March, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six, three hundred dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Sacs and Foxes
of the Mississippi, viz: purchase of tobacco, per
fourth article of treaty of the twenty-first Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, two hundred
dollars.
For fulfilling treaties with the Menomonees, viz:
purchase of tobacco, per second article of treaty of
third September, one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-six, one hundred dollass.
For the payment, of annuities (and the trans-
poitation of the same) to certain tribes of Indians
in accord nice with the seventh article of the treaty
made at Fort Laramie, on the seventeenth day of
September, Anno Domini eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, sixty thousand dollars.
And the Secretary of the Interior is hereby
authorized to purchase the provisions, merchan-
dise, domestic animals, and agricultural imple-
ments, to be delivered in payment of the annuity
first payable under the seventh article of said
treaty, without previous advertisement, if such
purchasi-s can be so made on reasonable terms.
Sec. i'2nJ be it further enacted, That there be
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, a sum sufficient to
enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay for
printing four hundred and fifty copies of the esti-
mates of appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year one thousand eight hundred and fifty-three,
at the rate paid by him ror the printing of the
Treasury Department by contract, under the pro-
visions uf the seventeenth section of the set ot the
twenty-sixth August, one thousand eight hundred
and forty-two.
Sec. 3. And be il further enacted, That no part
of the appropriations herein made for the benefit
of any tribe or part of a tribe of Indians, shall be
