1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
729
thomas rhodes,
The bill for the relief of Thomas Rhodes was
read a second time, and consideied as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Thomas
Rhodes the sum of $3,175 11, in full satisfaction
for the expenses incurred by him in opening and
constructing a road from Mobile, in Alabama, to
Pascagoula Bay, for the transportation of the
jnail, in the year 1828, in pursuance of an implied
authority and contract from the Postmaster Gen-
eral-
Mr. RHETT. I should like to hear some ex-
planation of that bill from the Senator who re-
ported it.
Mr. SOULE. This bill has been several times
before the Senate, reported upon favorably, and
acted upon. It comes again before us, on account
of its never having been reached in its order in
the House of Representatives. There have been
several reports in its favor. One of them may be
taken up and read, and it will explain the situa-
tion in which the committee found themselves on
investigating this claim. It is one which pleads
loudly for justice, and requires at our hands that
we should act upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I think this is an ad-
mirable bill, and one which ought to pass. It is
the first affirmation which I ever recollect having
seen here of the doctrine of the right of making
roads to carry the mails. I think it is an admir-
able bill.
The bill was reported without amendment, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
PHILIP MILLER.
The Senate proceeded to consider, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Philip Miller. It
requires the Secretary of the Interior to place the
name of Philip Miller, of Kentucky, on the roll of
invalid pensioners, at the rate of $8 per month
during his natural life—to commence from and
after the 1st of May, 1848.
It was reported without amendment, ordered to
be read a third time, and being read a third time,
was passed.
st. John's church, washington.
The bill for the relief of St. John's Church, in
the city of Washington, which was reported from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, was
read a second time; and the Senate proceeded to
consider it as in Committee of the Whole. It
provides that the lot of ground now used as a
burial ground by said church, occupying square
No. 276, situated near the northern limits of the
city, and which the late President Madison per-
mitted the said church to occupy for said pur-
pose, be'granted in fee-simple to the church, and
that the Commissioner of Public Buildings be
authorized and required to convey said lot to said
church by a proper deed, as evidence of this grant:
and also that the §200 heretofore paid by the
church be repaid to the rector for the use of the
church, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BORLAND. Is there any report in the
case'
The PRESIDENT. There is not. There is
nothing but the petition. The bill was reported
from the Committee for the District of Columbia,
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] not
now in his seat.
Mr. BAYARD. Unless some reasons be given
for making the grant of $200 to the church, I
move to strike out that portion of the bill. But as
the Senator who reported it is not present, 1 move
to postpone its further consideration until next
Friday. '
The motion was agreed to.
JOSEPH H. D. BOWMAR
The bill for the reliefof Joseph H. D. Bowmar,
reported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, was read a second time; and the Senate
proceeded to consider it as m Committee of the
Whole. It provides that a patent shall be granted
to the said Bowmar, of Carroll parish, Louisiana,
for the lot or fractional section No. 27, in town-
ship 19, and range 3 east, in ihe distrijt of lands
north of Red river, subject, to entry and sale at
Washita, in the State of Louisiana, containing
145 13-100 acres, on the final settlement of certi-
ficate No. 9977, issued to said Bowmar May 36,
1849, on the payment of purchase money on said
l/
land; and that so much of section 2, of the act of
March 3, 1849, entitled "An act for the relief of
Thomas J. Carson," as confirms the selection
made by the Secretary of the Treasury of said
lot No. 27, for the use of public schools, be re-
pealed; piovided, that nothing in the present act
shall be so construed as to reduce the quantity of
lands to which said township is entitled by law.
On the request of Mr. ATCIilbON the report
was read; from which it appears that the memori-
alist settled on the lot stated, and became entitled
to a preemption in consequence thereof. That
lot having been improperly selected for school pur-
poses, upon an appeal to the Secretary of the
Treasury, the selection was revoked, and on Jan-
uary 4, 1849, the memorialist was permitted to en-
ter his preemption. Before the entry was actu-
ally made, however, Congress, in ignorance of the
rights of the memorialist, passed an act for the
relief of Thomas J. Carson, by which he, Carson,
was permitted to enter the sixteenth section, and
lot twenty-seven was reserved for school purposes.
The proper officers, in the mean time, before the
act of Congress was known to them, permitted
the memorialist to enter his preemption, and
granted the certificate on May 16, 184U. With
the obstacles arising from the act of Congress for
the benefit of said Carson, a patent is refused to
the memorialist. Under the circumstances of the
case, and with the concurrence of the inhabitants !
of the township, the committee are of the opinion ;
that relief should be granted to the memorialist, 1
and report a bill for that purpose. The proviso is |
added to secure the right ot the township to the j
quantity of land which the law allows it. |
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 do not know whether, j
upon a close examination of the matter, I would
ha\e any objection to this bill or not. But, sir,
it appears to be somewhat complicated, and for
the purpose of having an opportunity to examine
it, 1 propose that it be permitted to he over.
Mr. DOWNS. I can explain it now.
Mr. ATCHISON. But 1 would rather exam-
ine the report. I think we have done enough for
Louisiana to-day, in the way of pie^mption rights.
I doubt whether Congress, having once vested a
right by law in the township, can now, by repeal-
ing that law, divest the township of any right;
aiuUf you do that, and authorize or require the
A^Pmissioner of the General Land Office, or the
]^3ident,to issue a patent to this individual to this
land, whether or not he would not have just claim
against the Government for the value of the land.
I move that the consideration of the bill be post-
poned until next Friday.
Mr. BADGER. I will vote cheerfully for the
postponement, if my friend who makes the motion
will pledge himself that between now and next
Friday he will examine the case. If he will not,
I think it is unfair to move the postponement.
Mr. DOWNS. I hope the postponement will
not take place. This is an exceedingly simple
case. There is a provision of law that a certain
amount of land, in each township, shall be set
apart for public schools. Instructions were issued
to the land officers in Louisiana, many years ago,
to make the selections. It happened that m some
townships more was reserved than was necessary.
The authority has been exercised by the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury, when the matter was under
his control, and by the Secretary of the Interior,
since the organization of that Department, when
this was ascertained to be the case, to relieve the
surplus from reservation, and allow entries to be
made. In a case of this kind, Bowmar made ap-
plication to be allowed to enter this lot, and on a
hearing of the whole case, Mr. Walker decided
that he had a right to do so, because the township
had enough besides. But, m the meantime, Con-
gress, knowing nothing about it, and a claim
pending here for Carson to be allowed to make his
entry on this same lot, they passed a law author-
izing him to make such an entry. If the commit-
tee had known these facts when Carson's case
was before them, they would not have reported in
his favor. It is now clear that the proper title
belongs to Bowmar, and it is necessary to repeal
that portion of the act referred to m the bill. As
to the observation of the Senator from Missouri,
that it is not competent for Congress to take back
any of these school lands, they do it always, with
the consent of the township. It has been the
practice for twenty years. I disapprove of it. I
think it is wrong; but it has been acted on from
time to time, with the consent of the township,
and it is now too late to make that objection. But
it does not arise in this case, because the school
selection had actually been made from this section
by the Secretary of the Treasury; and it is not
now a question between the petitioner and the
, United States, but a question between Carson and
Bowmar.
Mr. PRATT. I regret to interfere in this mat*
> ter; but if I understand the question, there is an
important principle involved in it. The contest
. is not between the township and the individual
grantee, but between two individual grantees—
Carson and Bowmar. Now, the Supreme Court
havedeculed, in a case which I have had occasion
, recently to examine, that wherever a party is en-
titled to a preemption and has made a claim to
make an entry to the land, that inchoate preemp-
tion confers such a right as cannot be interfered
with by any subsequent action of Congress.
  Here, if I understand eoirectly, by one act of Con-
1 gress, the right to enter land was given to a man
by the name of Carson. Another man, by the
name of Bowmar, claims a prior right of preemp-
tion. If he possesses that prior right, under the
decision of the Supreme Court, the judicial tri-
bunals of the country aie open to him. it will be
for those tribunals, and those alone, to decide
between the relative rights of these individuals. I
do not think it is the province of the Senate of
the United States, in any ease, to act judicially.
When there are individual rights legally existing,
when the tribunals of the country are open for
decisions upon these rights, we are not the proper
tribunal to take them m hand; nor do we possess
the constitutional power, in my humble judgment,
to enter upon such a question. The case which
, is now presented is precisely the one which I have
i stated. If I understand it correctly, 1 do not think
the bill ought to peiss. I think the contest between
; these two individuals should be carried on in the
! tribunals of the country, where it could properly
1 be decided as to their rights.
| Mr. DOWNS. There is no doubt that the doc-
| trine of the gentleman is precisely correct. I agree
J with him in every particular, and it is conclusive.
I The position which he takes proves that this bill
' ought to pass, and that it must pass. He says
! that Congress cannot divest these preemption
i rights. That is the position of Mr. Bowmar here.
| He had a preemption right; he was permitted to
! enter it, and got his certificate. Not only had he
' a right, but it was actually vested in him by the
initiatory title of the certificate issued to him.
The Secretary of the Treasury, on a full hearing
of the case, put him in possession of it; but Con-
gress, not knowing anything of this at the time
when Carson presented his application, passed a
law authorizing Carson to enter the land. Jf
| Congress could not divest Bowmar, who not only
: had his title but had made his entry, it is per-
fectly conclusive that this bill ought to pass; not
to divest the title, but to secure to this man a title
i which was vested in him. 1 hope the Senator
I from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] will join me
: m supporting this bill. I hope he is perfectly
j satisfied with it.
! Mr. ATCHISON. I think the Senator from
I Louisiana has shown, conclusively, that this is a
I question between Carson and Bowmar. Well, let
1 the courts decide that question. Let them decide
who has the title of the land. Let them decide
! whether the law of Congress divesting Bowmar,
or attempting to divest him,and to invest Carson,
, should be sustained; or whether the preemption
! law, under which Bowmar chums, should sustain
him. Nov/, this is the question. From the gen-
tleman's own showing, Congress has nothing to
i do with it. But I prefer to have an opportunity
of examining it. I make no pledges about it. I
; will not pledge myself either to read the bill or
! the report. Sometimes I do read the bills, and
! sometimes I read the reports; and I think now I
j will do so in this matter, but I will not pledge my-
1 self. As the Senator from Louisiana has alluded
j to the Senator from Kentucky, I am utterly as-
: tonished that he has not interposed and examined
I this matter. Whv, sir, it may alTect somewhat
II the distributive share of the State of Kentucky,
■ under his proposition to distribute the public do-
!l main. I trust that the vote will betaken on the
: postponement. The Senate is very thin, and I
, dishke to call for the yeas and nays. If I should
it do so, probably a quorum would not answer.
