1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1641
venerable John Q,uincy Adams, John C. Calhoun,
and Hen'ky Clay pass from amongst us, the legis-
lators of our country. The race of giants who
"■were on the earth in those days" is well-nigh
gone. Despite their skill, their genius, their might,
they have sunk under the stroke of time. They
were our admiration and our glory; a few linger
his person—sympathizing deeply with those whose
more intimate personal relations with him have
made them feel most profoundly this general be-
reavement—I desire to say a few words of him,
since he has fallen amongst us, and been taken to
his rest.
After the finished eulogies which have been so
with us, the monuments of former greatness, the eloquently pronounced by the honorable gentle-
beacon-lights of a past age. The death of Henry
Clay cannot fail to suggest melancholy associa-
tions to each member of this House. These walls
have reechoed the silvery tones of his bewitching
voice; listening assemblies have hung upon his
lips. The chair which you fill has been graced
by his presence, whilst his commanding person
and unequaled parliamentary attainments inspired
all with deference and respect. Chosen by accla-
mation because of his high qualifications, he sus-
tained himself before the House and the country.
In his supremacy with his party, and the uninter-
rupted confidence which he enjoyed to the day of
his death, he seems to have almost discredited the
truth of those lines addressed to Ca:sar—
  Non possunt primi esse omnes omm in tempore,
Sunmiuui ad gradutn cum cl.intaiib veneris,
Conststes tfgre, ut citius, quam aseendac, cades. ***
If not at all times first, he stood equal with the
foremost, and a brilliant rapid rise knew no decline
in the confidence of those whose just appreciation
of his merits had confirmed his title to renown.
The citizens of other countries will deplore his
death; the struggling patriots who on our own
continent were cheered by his sympathies, and .
who must have perceived his influence in the recog- :
nitior, of their independence by this Government, ,
have taught their children to venerate his name.
He won the civic crown, and the demonstrations j
of this hour own the worth of civil services. I
It was with great satisfaction that I heard my j
friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridoe,! the
men who have preceded me, I will avoid a course
of remark which might otherwise be deemed a
repetition, and refer to the bearing of some of the
acts of the deceased upon the interests and desti-
nies of my own State. The influence of his pub-
lic life, and of his purely American character, the
benefits of his wise forecast, and the results of his
efforts for wholesome and rational progress, are
nowhere more strongly exhibited than in the State
of New York.
Our appreciation of his anxiety for the general
diffusion of knowledge and education, is mani-
fested in our twelve thousand public librariesour
equal number of common schools, and a large
number of higher institutions of learning—all of
which drew portions of their support from the
share of the proceeds of the public lands,Nvhich
his wise policy gave to our State. Our whole
people are thus constantly reminded of their great j
obligations to the statesman whose death now j
afflicts the nation with sorrow. Our extensive i
public works attest our conviction of the utility :
and importance of the system of internal improve- '
ments he so ably advocated; and their value and
productiveness afford a most striking evidence of
the soundness and wisdom of his policy. Nor
has his influence been less sensibly felt in our
agriculture, commerce, and manufactures. Every
department of human industry acknowledges his
fostering care, and the people of New York are,
in no small measure, indebted to his statesman-
ship for the wealth, comfort, 'contentment, and hap-
immediate representative of Mr. Ci.ay, detail a ;| piness so widely and generally diffused through
conversation which disclosed the feelings of that il out the State.
Well may New York cherish his memory and
acknowledge with gratitude the benefits that his
life has conferred. That memory will be cher-
ished throughout the Republic
eminent man in relation to his Christian hope.
These, Mr. Speaker, are rich memorials, precious
reminiscences. A Christian statesman is the glory
of his age, and his memory will be glorious in
after times: it reflects a light coming from a source    TT ... , r —...   • „
which clouds cannot dim nor shadows obscure. l| threatened the integrity ot the Union, lua just ij jetters but to light up and to kindle upon some Gato
posts of higher nominal distinctions but they are
all eclipsed by the brilliancy of his career as a
Congressman. What of glory he has acquired,
what most endear him to his countrymen, have
been won here, amid these pillars, under these
domes of the Capitol.
Si quteris monumentrnm circumspke.
The mind of Mr. Clay has been the governing
mind of the country, more or less, ever since he
has been on the stage of public action. In a rni-
nority, or a majority—more, perhaps, even iri a
minority than m the majority—he seems to have
had some commission, divine as it were, to per-
suade, to convince, to govern other men. His
patriotism, his foresight, his grand conceptions,
have created measures which the secret fascination
of his manners, in door, or his irresistible elo-
quence without, has enabled him almost always
to frame into laws.
Adverse Administrations have yielded to him,
or been borne down by him, or he has taken them
captive as a leader, and carried the country and
Congress with'him. This power he has wielded
now for nearly half a century, with nothing but
reason and eloquence to back him. And yet, when
he came here, years ago, he came from a then
frontier State of this Union, heralded by i>o loud
trumpet of fame, nay, quite unknown, unfortified
even by any position, social or pecuniary; to quote
his own words, his only (k heritage had been in-
fancy,indigence, and ignorance."
In these days, Mr. Speaker, when mere civil
qualifications for high public place—when long
civil training and practical statesmanship are held
subordinate—a most discouraging prospect would
be before our rising young men, were it not for
some such names as Lowndes, Crawford, Clinton,
Gaston, Calhoun, and Clay, scattered along the
pages of our history, as stars or constellations in
a cloudless sky. They shine forth, and show us
that if the Chief Magistracy cannot be won by
such qualifications, a memory among men can
be—a hold upon posterity, as firm, as lustrous—_
nay, more imperishable. In the Capitolium ot
Rome there are long rows of marble slabs, on
which are recorded the names of the Roman Con-
When internal discord and sectional strife have ij su]g. ijUt the eye wanders over this wilderness of
i .1. .. * - - i - ~± tlw, TTi-\irtv\ lno mol li , i . . i.*_ .1.1 .. _  /v r4*
It was my privilege, also, a short time since, to
converse with this distinguished statesman on the
subject of his hopes in a future state. Peeling a
deep interest, I asked him frankly what were his
hopes in the world to which he was evidently
hastening. "I am pleased," saidhe, "my friend,
that you have introduced the subject. Conscious
that I must die very soon, I love to meditate upon
the most important of all interests. I love to con-
verse and to hear conversations about them. The
vanity of the world and its insufficiency to satisfy
the soul of man has been long a settled conviction
of my mind. Man's inability to secure by his
own merits the approbation of God, I feel to be
true. I trust in the atonement of the Saviour of
men as the ground of my acceptance and my hope
of salvation. My faith is feeble, but I hope m
His mercy and trust in His promises.' losuch
weight of character, his large experience, his
powers of conciliation and acknowledged patriot-
ism, have enabled him to pacify the angry pas-
sions of his countrymen, and to raise the bow of
promise and of hope upon the clouds which have
darkened the political horizon.
He has passed from amongst us, ripe in wis- j
dom and pure in character—fullot years andfull of |
honors. He has breathed his last amidst the bless- i
ings of a united and a grateful nation. ^ j
"] ] p was, in my judgmtnt,particularly fortunate
in the time of las death.
He lived to see his country, guided by his wis-
dom, come once again unhurt out of trying sec-
tional difficulties and domestic strife; and he has
closed his eyes in death upon that country whilst
it is in the enjoyment of profound peace, busy
with industry, and blessed with unequaled pros-
He is gone, sir, professing the humble hope of jj p]e or a more enduring fame.
a Christian. That hope, alone, sir, can sustain
vou or any of us. There is one lonely and;' Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to add my
crushed heart that has bowed before this afflictive ' humbie tribute to the memory of a °'reat and good
event Far away, at Ashland, a widowed wife, ji man now t0 be gathered to his fathers. 1 speak
Dreve'nted bv feeble health from attending his bed- j for,and from a community, in whose hearts is en-
side and soothing his painful hours, she has j gi!rmed the name of him whom we mourn; who,
thought even the electric speed of the intelligence jlowever much Virginia, the land of his oiith, or
dailv transmitted of his condition too slow for her :; Kentucky, the land of his adoption, may love him,
achm0* anxious will find consola- ;c .-..-.oc.JM/i lovprl where I live vet moie. 11
tion in his C hristi
of comfort that such  
ance that nothing was neglected dy the kindness
of friends which couid supply her place. May the
gnaulienship of the widow's God be her protec-
tion, and His consolations her support.
or Cicero. To witi such fame, thus unsullied, as
Mr. Clay has won,is worth any man'sambition.
And how was it won? By courting the shifting
gales of popularity? No, never! By truckling
to the schemes, the arts, and seductions of the
I demagogue? Never, never! His hardest battles
| as a public man—his greatest, most illustrious
i achievements—have been against, at first, an ad-
verse public opinion. To gain an imperishable
! name, he has often braved the perishable popu-
larity of the moment. That sort of courage which,
in a public man, I deem the highest of all courage;
that sort of courage most necessary under our form
of government to guide as well as to save a State,
Mr. Clay was possessed of—more than any
public man I ever knew. Mere physical courage,
valuable, indispensable though it be, we share but
with the brute—but moral courage, to dare to do
right, amid all temptations to do wrong, is, as it
seems to me, the very highest species, the noblest
heroism, under institutions like ours. " I had
rather be right than be President," was Mr. Clay's
sublime reply when pressed to refrain from some
measure that would mar his popularity. These
loftv words were a clue to his whole character—
the secret of his hold upon the heads as well as
hearts of the American people—nay, the key to
his immortality.
Another of the keys, Mr. Speaker, of his uni-
versal reputation, was his intense nationality.
When taunted but recently, almost within our
hearing, as it were, on the floor of the Senate, by
a Southern Senator, as being a Southern man un-
faithful to the South, his indignant but patriotic
exclamation was: " I know no South—no North,
no East, no West." The country, the whole
Mr HAVEN said: Mr. Speaker, representing a
constituency distinguished for the constancy of its
devotion to the political principles ^AY^,ana
for its
would     - - , ■ , . .
quarter of a century now, his bust, his portrait
or some medal, has been one of our household _—. - ,
"•ods. trracing not alone the saloon, and the halls country loved, reverenced, adored such a man.
of wealth, but the humblest room or workshop of . The soil of Virginia may be his birth place: the
almost every mechanic or laborer. Proud monu- sod of Kentucky will cover his grave—
ments of his policy as a statesman,as my colleague
has justly said, are all about us, and we owe to
    • , him, in a good degree, our growth, our greatness,
av trine attachment to his fortunes "and ■ ur prosperity, and happiness as a people.
S     — ; The great field of Henry Clay, Mr. Speaker,
< All cannot be at all times first; 'has been here, on the floor of this House, and in
To reucil the topmost - t< p ot glory, to eland 'h®0,, ^ other wing of the Capitol. He has held other
More haul. Eva s-wifter than we mount we fall. " • « &
what was
mortal they claim—but the spirit, the soul, the
genius of the mighty man, the immortal pert, these
belong to his country and to his God.
Mr. FAULKNER. After the many able and
eloquent addresses to which we have listened this
11 morning, T fear, sir, that it will not he m my
