780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
Mr. DOWNS. The argument of the Senators
from Maryland and Missouri proves that this bill
ought to pass. Congress have already interfered.
As it is, they have given the right to enter to Car-
eon, and he will get the patent unless this bill is
passed, while, according to their doctrine, he is
not entitled to it. I want this act to pass, to give
the other man.a patent. There is a provision in
the bill that these two individuals shall fight out
the contest. The passage of the bill will not in-
terfere with any other person. I hope, if the gen-
tlemen want to see a fair fight, they will vote for
the hill.
Mr. ATCHISON. This man Bowmar claims
under a preemption law, either of 1838 or 1841,
or of a prior year. Carson claims under an act
of Congress, vesting him directly with the title to
this land. The Senator from Louisiana tells me
that Bowmar proved his preemption, deposited his
money, and obtained a certificate—the initiatory
to a title. Then Congress, without knowing any-*
thing about it, upon Carson's petition, passed a
law vesting in him the right to this land. The
Senator says, that unless we interpose by this bill,
Carson will obtain a patent. What advantage
will that patent be in the courts of Louisiana, or
in the courts of any other State of this Union, to
Carson? I presume none. I do not know that
this bill will be of any disadvantage to the United
States; but it may be to Carson. These individ-
uals now stand upon the same platform. Let them
go before the courts of Louisiana, and let their
titles be decided by the courts. I renew the mo-
tion to postpone.
The motion was agreed to.
AMERICAN CEMETERY IN MEXICO.
By unanimous consent, the bill appropriating a
sum of money for the interment of officers and
soldiers, who died in Mexico, in the American
Cemetery, near the city of Mexico, was taken up,
read a third time, and passed.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
By unanimous consent, Mr. Underwood, from
the Committee on Public Lands, reported various
amendments to a bill which had been referred to
that committee, providing for the survey of lands
in California.
The amendments were ordered to be printed,
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned un-
til Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 12, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. L. F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. GOOJDENOW. Mr. Speaker, my name
is not recorded upon the vote laying upon the
table the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] to close debate on the
homestead bill. I voted in the negative upon that
proposition, and ask that the Journal may be so
corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Journal will be correct-
ed, as suggested by the gentleman, unless objected
to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
with the view of taking up the special order—the
bill to authorize the continuance of the work on
the Capitol.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM NEW MEXICO-
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I gave notice yester-
day to the honorable gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] that if he did not bring up the ques-
tion of privilege from New Mexico, in reference
to the contest of my seat, I should do so. I re-
gret extremely he is not in his place. I would
like very much to have him in his place before I
go on. 1 cannot stand here and permit such charges
as have been preferred against the honorable gen- j
tleman who fills the executive chair in New Mex- ■
ico to go uncontradicted any longer. I have given !
the gentleman from Missouri, (who I regret is not j
in Jus seat,) an opportunity to be here. I
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New j
Mexico moves to proceed to the consideration of
the petition presented by the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Piielps,] contesting the seat of the
Delegate from New Mexico.
Mr. OLDS. Was not that petition withdrawn?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not under-
stand that it was withdrawn. The pending ques-
tion was to refer to the Committee of Elections,
and to print.
Mr. HALL. My colleague is not in his place
this morning. I do not know what keeps him
away.
A Membar. Here he is. He has just comein.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from* Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps,] when this petition was in-
troduced by him, was upon the floor proceeding
to submit a few remarks in reference to the ques-
tion involved. Does the gentleman from New
Mexico insist upon occupying the floor upon this
question ?
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I insist that the ques-
tion be taken up. 1 cannot consent that the dis-
tinguished friend of mine shall be subjected to the
odium of such charges any longer. I call upon
the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] to call
up that question.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I insist upon my motion.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the House
to resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—that motion having been
submitted by the gentleman from North Carolina,
[Mr. Clingman.] The question submitted by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Phelps,] it is
true, is a privileged question, but the House may
proceed to other business.
Mr. POLK. Does the gentleman from New
Mexico [Mr. Weightman] desire to make a per-
sonal explanation ? I will consult his wishes upon
that subject, so far as my vote is concerned.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I do not desire to make
any explanation connected with myself personally,
or in regard to the petition which is offered to be
referred to the Committee of Elections. I have
no manner of objection to that; but with it are
connected charges of corruption against the dis-
tinguished gentleman who is now filling the ex-
ecutive chair in New Mexico.
Mr. POLK. I wish to know if it is the desire of
the gentleman to do so now? I would be willing
to assist him in doine: it.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. I desire it now.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Clingj
man's motion; and it was agreed to.
Uling/
■M
THE EXTENSION OF THE CAPITOL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Seymour, of Connecticut, in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN, The first business in order
is the special order, being "Senate joint resolution
No. 2, authorizing the architect of the Capitol to
continue m employment the mechanics, laborers,
and others, employed upon the two wings there-
of. ''
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have been
instructed by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Public Grounds, of which I hare the honor
to be chairman, to report an amendment to the
resolution now pending, by way of substitute, and
insist upon irsadoption.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
That theie be, and hereby is, appropriated out of any
money in ii e Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
period between the pa-sage of thte resolution, and the end
ot the fiscal jear terminating June 30th, 1853, the sum ot
$500,OuO, for the continuation of the woik on the two wings
of the Capitol.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Thenecessity
which gave rise to the original resolution has passed.
It was intended only as a temporary expedient to
prevent a total suspension of the work on the two
wings of the Capitol. The appropriation of the
last Congress for this improvement was only
$100,000, and that was exhausted at the com-
mencement of the present year. Since then the
work has necessarily been suspended, the me-
chanics and laborers discharged,and the important
object to be accomplished by the extension of the
edifice, consequently delayed. I earnestly hoped
that at an earlier period the House would have
taken up the resolution of the Senate, passed it,
and permitted the work to l.e continued. Had
this been done, two months of fine weather would
not have been lost—the work would have been in
a state of progress, and the nation could not have
reproached Us Representatives for refusing to do
for so long a period what need not at any time
have occupied more than five minutes.
The appropriation of $500,000, contemplated by
the amendment I have proposed, is less than was
asked for by the Secretary of the Interior, and
the accomplished architect in charge of the work.
Their estimates were made last fall, and a large
portion of the time in which the money was to
have been expended having elapsed, it is deemed
necessary now to appropriate only this amount,
which will be sufficient for the period between the
passage of the resolution and the end of the fiscal
year, terminating June 30,1853. The Committee
of Ways and Means have not provided in any of
their appropriation bills reported to the House
for the extension of the Capitol. The House very
appropriately referred the subject to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings, and that committee, after
inquiring into the propriety of the appropriation,
and in view of the fact that no regular appropri-
ation bill to which this can be attached, will, in
all probability, be passed before the end of the
session, have directed me to urge it now.
The work has been commenced. I cannot
doubt that it is the intention of Congress to com-
plete it. One hundred thousand dollars have
already been expended, and, I am happy to say,
judiciously expended. This appropriation is
needed, and must be made, and it is wiser to make
it now and permit the work to proceed with a full
complement of hands, than to make a small appro-
priation which may not last until the regular ap-
propriation bills are passed. It will be the best
economy to complete the building as speedily as
it can be done consistently with a proper execu-
tion of the work.
Mr. WOODWARD. If I am in order in ma-
king the inquiry", I should like to know whether it
is likely that the special committee, relative to the
foundation of the wings of the Capitol, will prob-
ably make a report? The question of what is to
be the amount of appropriation may be affected by
the report from that committee. I should like to
inquire, if it be in order, when that committee may
be expected to report, and what is likely to be the
character of the report?
Mr. McNAIR,(chairman ofthecommittee.) We
shall report next week, and we are now almost
ready.
Mr. WOODWARD. I ask pardon of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] for inter-
rupting him.
Mr. STANTON. I have no objection to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] ma-
king his statement.
Mr. McNAIR. The investigation has been go-
ing on regularly, and we are now almost ready to
report. We have found the wall in a dreadful
condition—in a condition that has astonished us
all. When we came to examine it, we found that
wall with shells built up on the outside, and small
stones thrown in on the inside. We have found
it in a very bad condition. There are no stones
running through the wall to bind it. There are no
headers, and there is no bond woik.
Mr. WOODWARD. 1 understand from the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] that he
had not concluded his remarks. I supposed he
had, or I would not have made the inquiry.
Mr. STANTON. If I do not lose my right to
the floor, I have no objection to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] proceeding.
Mr. McNAIR. The mortar that has been put
in there we have found to be entirely insufficient,
as we believe. It has been in there about three
months, and it is not yet set. Men with picks
just dug out the inside, and threw out the stones
with their hands, and threw out the sand or mor-
tar, or whatever you call it, with a shovel. We
have, as one member of the committee expressed
it, realized our very worst anticipations. Wehad
no expectation that this large appropriation would
be stfung upon us at this time, for the architect
himself asked but $350>000 in his report to the
President of the United States. That report I
have in my possession. We believe this thing
ought to be investigated fairly, and that all things
connected with it should be brought before this
House before this appropriation is made. If this
appropriation is once made, we will be powerless
to change it. We will he all fastened, and you
will put uji a buildmg which will cost $5,000,000,
upon an appropriation of $100,000 made by this
House on the 30th day of September, 1850—an
appropriation made in three lines and a half, giving
to the President of the United States $100,000, and
power to appoint an architect—that architect to
