VIII
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
paid to any attorney or agent of such tribe or part
of a tribe; but shall, in every case, be paid directly
60 the Indians themselves, to whom it shall be due,
or to the tribe or part of a tribe, per capita, unless
the imperious interest of the Indians shall require
the payment to be made collectively. Nor shall
the Executive branch of the Government hereafter
recognize any contract between any tribe or part
of a tribe and any attorney or agent, for the pros-
ecution of any claim against the Government under
this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That no esti-
mate orappropriationof money, in any bill making
appropriations, shall authorize the payment of
any increased pay, allowance, or compensation,
in any form whatever beyond the amount pre-
scribed by law, in any case, unless there shall first
be a specific direction for such extra payment,
designating the officers to whom such extra pay-
ment shall be made.
Sec. 5. An d be it farther enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings be, and he is hereby,
authorized to apply any unexpended portion of the
money appropriated by the act of Congress enti-
tled " An act making appropriation to meet the
expenses incurred in consequence of the late fire at
the Capitol," approved January thirteenth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-two, to the payment of ex-
penses necessarily incurred in repairing the damage
lately done by fire in the office of the clerk of the
Supreme Court, and in making other repairs about
the Capitol.
Sec. 6. tAnd be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of theTreasury be,and he is hereby, author-
ized to purchase for the United States a suitable
piece of ground at a central point in the city of
San Francisco, California,as a site for the erection
of the custom-house heretofore authorized to be
built: Provided, That said site or ground may be
obtained with good and sufficient title to the United
States in exchange for such reasonable portion of
the Government reserve in that city as the said
Secretary shall deem just and equitable, or for a
sum in lieu thereof not exceeding forty thousand
dollars; and to enable the Secretary of theTreasury
to carry into efFeet this provision, the sum of forty
thousand dollars is hereby appropriated: Provided,
That if the said Secretary shall fail to obtain such
ground on satisfactory terms, then the said sum,
or such portion thereof as may be necessary, may
be expended in providing the proper foundations
forsaid custom-house on the site heretofore selected
for the purpose.
Approved, July 21, 1852.
Public, XXXIV.—An Act to authorize the Mayor
and Common Council of Chicago, Illinois, to ex-
cavate a portion of the Public Reservation at that \
place, with a view to the improvement of the Navi-
gation of Chicago River.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the corporate authorities of the
city of Chicago, Illinois, be, and they are hereby,
authorized to excavate such portion of the reserva-
tion at Chicago, not exceeding the limits described
in their memorial of January five, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, as may be necessary, accord-
ing to the plan set forth in said memorial, for the
improvement of the navigation of the Chicago
river.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Secre-
tary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to cause
the limits above designated to be marked out, and
to make such disposition of the buildings now
standing within said limits as may be best for the
public interest.
Approved, July 21, 1S52.
Public, XXXV.—An Actio authorize the President
of the United States to designate the places for the
Ports of Entnj and Delivery for the Collection Dis-
tricts of Paget*s Sound and Umpqua, in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, and to fix the Compensation of
the Collector at Astoria, in said Territory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized to designate the
places for the ports of entry for the collection dis-
tricts of Paget's Sound and Umpqua, in theTerri-
tory of Oregon, upon receiving satisfactory inform-
ation as to the best location for said ports, instead
of the places now established by law in said dis-
tricts, respectively.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the an-
nual compensation of the collector at Astoria, in
the collection district of Oregon, in said Territory,
be, and the same is hereby, fixed at the sum of
three thousand dollars, including the fees of his
office, commencing on the first day of July, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and fifty; and in
no event shall he be allowed a greater amount than
said sum of three thousand dollars, so including
the present fees of his office as aforesaid.
Approved, July 21, 1852.
Public, XXXVI.—An Act supplementary to tl An
act providing for the taking of the Seventh and sub-
sequent Censuses of the United States ^ and to fix the
number of the members of the House of Representa-
tives, and provide for their future Apportionment
among the several States," approved twenty-third
May, eighteen hundred and fifty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior pro-
ceed forthwith to apportion two hundred and
thirty-three representatives among the several
States, in accordance with the provisions contained
in the twenty-fifty section of the act of twenty-
third May, eighteen hundred and fifty, and ac-
cording to the returns of population which have
been completed and returned to the Census Office
in the Department of the Interior. And it being
made to appear that the returns of the population
of California are incomplete, it is further enacted
that said State shall retain the number of represent-
atives prescribed by the act of admission thereof
into the Union until a new apportionment, and for
this purpose the whole number of representatives
is hereby increased to two hundred and thirty four
until such apportionment.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That if, at any
future decennial enumeration of the inhabitants of
the United States, the census of any district or
subdivision in the United States shall have been
improperly taken, or if the returns of any district
or subdivision shall be accidently lost or de-
stroyed, the Secretary of the Interior shall have
power to order a new enumeration of such district
or subdivision.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the
twentieth section of the said act he amended by
striking out the words " has been" from the last
line and inserting the words " may necessarily
be" in lieu thereof.
Approved, July 30, 1852.
Public, XXXVII.—An Act to establish additional
Land Districts in the State of Wisconsin.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in. Congress
assembled, That so much of the public lands of
the United States, in the State of Wisconsin, as
lie within the following boundaries, to wit: com-
mencing at the southwest corner of township fif-
teen north, of range two, east of the fourth prin-
cipal meridian, thence running due east to the
southeast corner of township fifteen north, of
range eleven, east of the fourth principal meridian,
thence north along said range line to the north line
of the State of Wisconsin, thence westerly along
said north line to the line between ranges one and
two, east of the fourth principal meridian, thence
south to the place of beginning, shall be formed
into a new land district, to be called the Stevens's
Point Land District, and for the sale of the public
lands within the district hereby constituted, a land
office shall be established at Stevens 'a Point, on the
Wisconsin river, as soon as the public convenience
may require it.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the public lands of the United States, in the
State of Wisconsin, as lie within the following
boundaries, to wit: commencing at a point where
the line between townships ten and eleven north
touches the Mississippi river, thence due east to
the fourth principal meridian, thence north to the
line between townships fourteen and fifteen north,
thence east to the southeast corner of township
fifteen north, of range one, east of the fourth prin-
cipal meridian, thence north on the range line to
the south line of township number thirty-one north,
thence west on the line between townships num-
ber thirty and thirty-one to the Chippewa river,
thence down said river to its junction with the Mis-
sissippi river, thence down the Mississippi river to
the place of beginning, shall be formed intoanew
land district, to be called the La Crosse Land Dis-
trict, and for the sale of the public lands within
the district hereby constituted, a land office shall
be established at La Crosse, on the Mississippi
river, as soon as the public convenience may re-
quire it.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent is hereby authorized to cause the removal of
either of the offices created by this act, to any
other place within said district, whenever, in his
opinion, such removal may be deemed expedient.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and a receiver of public moneys for
each of the said districts, who shall respectively
be required to reside at the site of said office, and
who shall have the same powers, perform the same
duties, and be entitled to the same compensation
as are or may be prescribed by law in relation to
other land officers of the United States. And in
case it shall be found necessary or expedient to
establish said districts, or either of them, during
the recess of Congress, the President shall be, and
he is hereby, authorized to appoint the necessary
officers during such recess, and until the end of the
next session of Congress: Provided, however, That
this act shall not go into effect until at least six
months after its passage.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, shall cause
to be transferred to the land offices hereby created,
all such books, maps, records, field notes, and
plats, or transcripts thereof, relating to the sur-
veys and entries of the public lands in the districts
hereby created, as may be necessary for the sale
of the public lands in compliance with the provis-
ions of this act.
Approved, July 30, 1852.
Public, XXXVIII.—An Act to create three addi-
tional Land Districts in the State of Jmoa.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That all that portion of the public lands
in the State of Iowa, lying west of the range line
dividing ranges seventeen and eighteen, and east
of the range line dividing i*anges thirty-one and
thirty-two, and now included in the district of lands
subject to sale at Fairfield, shall comprise anew
land district, to be called the Chariton District; that
so much of the public lands in said State, now in-
cluded in the Iowa and Dubuque land districts, as
lie between the range- line dividing ranges sixteen
and seventeen, and the range line dividing ranges
thirty-three and thirty-four, shall form a new land
district, to be called the Northern District; that all
that portion of the public lands in said State now
included in the district subject to sale at Fairfield,
and lying west of the range line dividing ranges
thirty-one and thirty-two, and all that portion of
the public lands now included in the districts sub-
ject to sale at Iowa City and Dubuque, and lying
west of the range line dividing ranges thirty-three
and thirty-four, shall form a new land district, to
be called the Missouri River District; and that the
district of lands subject to sale at Dubuque shall
hereafter be bounded on the north by the northern
boundary line of the State of Iowa.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Presi-
dent be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and receiver of the public moneys for
each of the said districts respectively, who shall
each be required to reside at the site of the respect-
ive office to which they may be appointed, and
who shall have the same powers, perform the same
duties, and be entitled to the same compensation
as are or may be prescribed by law in relation to
other land offices of the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent is authorized to cause the public lands in said
districts, respectively, (with the exception of sec-
tions numbered sixteen in each township, reserved
for the use of schools, or such other lands as may
be selected by law m lieu thereof, and of such
other tracts as he may select for military or other
purposes,) to be exposed to sale in the same man-
ner and upon the same terms and conditions as the
other public lands of the United States.
