1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1643
often hung in rapture, I shall stand justified in
saying that a %vail of lamentation will be heard
from her people—her whole .people, reverberating
through her mountains and valleys, as deep, as
genuine, and as sincere as that which I know-
will swell the noble hearts and the heaving bosoms
of the people of his own cherished and beloved
Kentucky.
Sir, as I walked to the Capitol this morning,
every object which attracted my eye admonished
me that a national benefactor had departed from
amongst us. Heisgone! Henry Clay, the idol
of his friends, the ornament of the Senate Cham-
ber, the pride of his country, he whose presence
gathered crowds of his admiring fellow-men
around him,as if he had been one descended from
above, has passed forever from our view.
" Mis soul, enlarged from its vile bonds, lias gone
To that relulgent wotld where it shall swim
111 Ilr, uid and float on spas of hliss."
But the memory of his virtues and of his services
will be gratefully embaln>ed in the hearts of his
countrymen, and generations yet unborn will be
taught to lisp with reverence and enthusiasm the
name of Henry Clay.
Mr. PARKER, of Indiana, said: Mr. Speaker,
this js a solemn—a consecrated hour. And I
would not detain the members of the House from
indulging in the silent eloquence of their own feel-
ings, so grateful to hearts chastened as ours.
Eut I cannot restrain an expression from a
bosom pained with its fullness.
When my young thoughts first took cognizance
of the fact that 1 have a country—ray eye was
attracted by the magnificent proportions of Hesey
Clay.
The idea absorbed me then, that he was, above
ail other men, the embodiment of my country's
genius.
I have watched him; I have studied him; I have
admired him—and, God forgive me! for he was
but a man, " of like passions with us"—I fear I
have idolized him, until this hour.
But he has gone from among men; and it is for
ns now to awake and apply ourselves, with re-
newed fervor and increased fidelity, to the welfare
of the country, he loved so well andserved so
truly and so long—the glorious country yet saved
to us!
Yes, Henry Clay has fallen, at last!—as the
ripe oak falls, i  the stillness of the forest. But
the verdant and gorgeous richness of his glories
will only fade and wither from the earth, when his
country's history shall have been forgotten.
" One generation passeth away and another gen-
eration cometh." Thus it hath been from the be-
ginning; and thus it will be, until time shall be
no longer.
Yesterday morning, at eleven o'clock, the spirit
of Henry Clay—so long the_pride and glory of
his own country, and the admiration of all the
world—was yet with us, though struggling to be
free. Ere " high noon" came, it had passed over
" the dark river,"through the gate, into the celes-
trial citv, inhabited by all the "just men made
perfect."
May not our rapt vision contemplate him there,
this day, in sweet communion with the dear
Could we have held the hand of the " insatiate j
archer," thou hadst not died; but thou wouidst
have tarried with us, in the full grandeur of thy
greatness, until we had no longer need of a country.
But we thank our Heavenly Father that thou |
wast given to us; and that thou didst survive so j
long. |
We would cherish thy memory while we live, j
as our country's jEfftt—than which none is
richer. And we will teach our children the lessons
of matchless patriotism thou hast taught us; with
the fond hope that our Liberty and r Union
may only expire with " the last of earth."
Mr. GENTRY said: Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise to pronounce an eulogy on the life and char-
acter and public services of the illustrious orator j
and statesman whose death this nation deplores.
Suitably to perform that task, a higher eloquence '
than I possess might essay in vain. The gushing
tears of the nation, the deep grief which oppresses
the hearts of more than twenty millions of people,
constitute a more eloquent eulogium upon the life
and character and patriotic services of Henry
Clay, than the power of language can express.
In no part of our country is that character more
admiied, or ihose public services more appreci-
ated, than in the State which I have the honor, in
part, to represent, I claim for the people of that
State a full participation in the general woe which
the sad announcement of to-day will everywhere
i inspire.
Mr. BOWIE. I rise not to utter the measured j
phrases of premeditated woe, but to speak as j
would my constituents speak, if they stood around (
the grave now opened to receive the mortal re- i
mains not of a statesman only but of a beloved j
friend. If there is a State in this Union, other
than Kentucky, which sends up a wail of more i
bitter and sincere sorrow than another, that State ;
is Maryland. In her midst this departed states- ;
man was a frequent and a welcome guest. At ]
many a board, and many a fireside, his noble form i
was the light of the eyes and the idol of the heart. ■
Throughout her borders, in cottage, hamlet, and ;
cities, his name is a household woid, his thoughts j
are familiar sentences. Though not permitted to |
be first at his cradle, Maryland would be last at
his tomb. Through all the phases of political j
fortune—amid all the storms which darkened his I
career, Maryland cherished him m her inmost
heart, as the most gifted, patriotic, and eloquent;
of men; and for him daily, to this hour, prayers j
ascend, night and morning, for his temporal and i
eternal welfare. Maryland would, in the language
of inspiration, exclaim, "This day hath a prince
and ruler fallen in Israel !" Daughters of Amer-
ica weep for him who hath " clothed you in scarlet ,
and fine linen!"
The husbandman at his plough, the artisan at ^
the anvil, the seaman on the mast, will pause and j
drop a tear when he hears that Clay is no more. ;
The advocate for freedom in both hemispheres, ;
he will be lamented alike on the shores of the Hel- !
lespont and the fcanks of the Mississippi and Orin-
oco. The freed men of Liberia, learning and i
practicing the art of self-government, and civilizing
Afiica, have lost a patron and protectoi, a father
una u y,  —    -- ,, and friend. America mourns the departure of a !
friends that have gone before him?—with Mad-I; luminary, which enlightened and illustrated the
ison, and Jefferson, and Washington, and Henry, j' continent; the United States, a counsellor of deep- ;
and Franklin—with the eloquent Tally, with the .! e?t wisdom and purest purpose; mankind, t ie ad- f
"divine Plato," with Aaron, the Levite, who i| vocate of human rights and constitutional liberty,
could « speak well"-wuh all the great and good, I WALSH said: Mr. Speaker, the illustri- i
^H's^rnmefy'tread has'graced these aisles for i| ous man whose death we this day mourn was so !
the magic music of his voice.  ^ J^^Jl go down to thegrave, wHho.it a word ;
Did that tall spirit, in its etherial form, enter
the courts of the upper sanctuary, bearing itself
comparably with the spirits there, as was his
walk among men ?
Did the mellifluous tones of his greeting there
enrapture the hosts of Heaven, comparably with
his strains "to stir men's blood" on earth?
Then, may we not fancy, when it was an-
nounced to the inhabitants ot that bettei countty .
He comes!—He comes!—there was a rustling
of angel-wings—a thrilling joy—up llieie, only to
be witnessed once in an earthly age ?
Adieu !—a last adieu to thee, Henry Clay ,
The hearts of all thv countrymen are melteu,
on this day, because of the thought that thou art
gone.
at least of affectionate remembrance,—without a
tribute to a memory, which will exact tributes as
long as a heart shall be found to beat within the
bosom of civilized man, and human agency shall
be adequate ill any form to give them an expres-
sion; and even, sir, if I had no heart-felt sigh to
pour out here—if I had no tear for that collin s hd,
I should do injustice to those whose representa-
tive in part I am, if I did not ill this presence, and
at this time, raise the voice to swell the accents of
the profoundest public sorrow.
The State of Maryland has always vied with
Kentucky, in love and adoration of his name.
Her people have gathered around him, with all
the fervor of a first affection, and with more than
its duration. Troops <rf friends have ever clus-
tered about his pathway with a personal devotion,
which each faan of them regarded as .the highest
individual honor,—friends, sir, to whose firesides
the tidings of his death will go with all the with-
ering influences which are felt when household
ties are severed.
1 wish, sir, I could offer now a proper memorial
for such a subject, and such an affection. But ass
1 strive to utter it, I feel the disheartening influ-
ence of the well known truth, that in view of death
all minds sink into triteness. It would seem, in-
deed, sir, that the great leveler of our race would
vindicate his title to be so considered, by making
ali men think alike in regard to his visitation-1-
" The thousand thoughts that begin and end in
one,"—the desolation here—the eternal Hope here-
after—are influences felt alike by the lowest intel-
lect and the loftiest genius.
Mr. Chairman, a statesman for more than fifty
years in the councils of his country, whose pecu-
liar charge it was to see that the Republic suffered
no detriment—a patriot for all times, all circum-
stances, and all emergencies, haspassed away from
the trials and triumphs of the world, and gone to his
reward. Sad as are the emotions which such an
event would ordinarily excite, their intensity is
deeply heightened by the matters so fresh within
the memories of us all;
" Oh ! think how to liis latest day,
When Death, just hovering, cldim'd Ills prey,
i Willi Pcthinmis' nnaltei'd mood,
■ Finn at his dangerous po^t he stood,
Each call lot needlul ie*t repe.U'd,
Willi dying hand tin; I udder held ;
Then, while on freedom's thousand plains
One unpolluted church remains,
WIiom; peaceful hells ne'er sunt around
The hloody tocsin V maddening sound;
But still, upon the hallow'd day
Convoke the swains to praise and pray;
While faith and civil peace are dear,
Gieet liis cold inarllie with a tear.
He who preserved them—Clay lies heie."
In a character, Mr. Speaker, so illustrious and
beautiful, it is difficult to select any point for par-
ticular notice from those which go to make up its
noble proportions; but we may now around his
honored grave, call to grateful recollection that in-
vincible spirit which no personal sorrow could
sully, and no disaster could overcome. Be as-
suied, sir, that he has in this regaid left a legacy
to the young men of the Republic almost as sacred
and as dear as that liberty of which his life was a
blessed illustration.
We can all remember, sir, when adverse po-
litical results disheartened his friends, and made
them feel even as men without hope, his own clar-
ion voice was still heard in the purpose and the
pursuit of rights, as bold and as eloquent as when
it first proclaimed the freedom of the seas, and its
talismamc tones struck off the badges of bondage
from the lands of the Incas and the plains of Mar-
athon.
Mr. Speaker, in the exaltation of the states-
j man he did not forget the duties of the man. He
was an affectionate adviser on all points wherein
inexperienced youth might require counsel. He
was a disinterested sympathiser in personal sor-
rows that called for consolation. He was ever up-
right and honorable in all the duties incident to
his relations in life.
To an existence so lovely Heaven in its mercy
granted a fitting and appropriate close. It was
the prayer, Mr. Speaker, of a distinguished cit-
izen who died some years since in the metropolis,
even while his spirit was fluttering for its final
flight, that he might depart gracefully. It may
not be presumptuous to say that what was in that
instance the aspiration of a chivalric gentleman,
was in this the realization of the dying Christian,
in which was blended all that human dignity
could require, with all that Divine Grace had con-
ferred; in which the firmness of the man was only
transcended by the fervor of the penitent.
A short period before iiis death, he remarked to
| one by his bed-side, "That he was fearful he was
;! becoming selfish, as his thoughts were entirely
H withdrawn from the world, and centered upon
■I eternity." This, sir, was but the puiification of
' his noble spirit from all the dross of earth—a
;i happy illustration of what the religious muse has
/ so sweetly sung 
! « No wn to stain—no lure to stay
I The sonl. home shp ppiing*;
■; Tliv sunshine on her joyful way,
U Tijy freedom m her wings. 
