1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
produce a plan, of which he shall approve; an then
the money was to be expended from the com-
mencement of the extension of the Capitol. That
money has been under the control of the architect
himself, who has drawn it out of the Treasury
himself. It has been expended; how, we know
not. I have here a statement of the money drawn
from the Secretary of the Treasury by the archi-
tect himself in sums of §20,000, and expended
or disbursed by him, I know not how. This
matter requires an inquiry, and I want this House
to know and to understand how this business is
progressing, and whether this foundation will be
so frail and so weak that the superstructure raised
upon it will fall down. One of the best architects,
perhaps, in the State of Pennsylvania was here,
who has no interest whatever in this work, and
probably never will have, and he declared to me.
when he looked at that wall and examined the
formation of it, that he would venture his life the
building would fail down if built upon it. Now,
that is the opinion of a respectable architect who
has no interest in this matter, and I therefore want
the House to pause before making this appropria-
tion.
Mr. DUNCAN, (interrupting.) I wish to ask
the gentleman, who that architect from Pennsyl-
vania is ? and whether he has been examined be-
fore the committee?
Mr. McNAIR. No. I did not say that he had
been. The gentleman is a friend of Mr. Dimmick,
and was visiting him; he may give his name if he
chooses.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. DUNCAN. As he is represented as a
person of such high reputation, we want to know
who he is.
[Cries of "Name!" "Name!"]
Many Member*. "No!" "No!"
Mr. McNAIR. He was introduced to me by
Mr. Dimmick.
[Loud cries of " Name !" " Name!" and " Oh
no, go on!"]
[Renewed cries of "Name!" "Name!"]
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh no; the reputation of
Pennsylvania may beat stake.
[Cries of1' Order," and laughter.]
Many Members. "Name!" "Name!"
Mr. McNAIR. Well, his name is Knowles.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DUNCAN. Where is he from ?
Mr McNAIR. I wish gentlemen to know
something about the disbursement of that money,
before they judge whether everything is perfectly
right.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York, (interrupting.)
I wish merely to ask the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, whether he has any knowledge of the mis-
application of these funds, or any suspicion of
their misapplication?
Mr. Mc.NATR. I have a knowledge that the
money has been drawn by the architect. He has
drawn it; and there has been no return made by
him for the disbursement.
Mr. WOODWARD. I simply wish to suggest
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that I did
not expect a debate of this character would spring
up. My inquiry was strictly as to the business
before the committee, and related to the manner
of constructing the wall. I never for a moment
had the least suspicion of a misapplication of the
funds, and I should be very glad if my friend
would restrict himself to the matter of the con-
struction of the wall.
Mr. FLORENCE, (Mr. McNair yielding the
floor.) As the great object to be attained just now
is, to arriVe at a definite conclusion by which this
House can vote to-day upon this bill, may I beg
to ask my colleague from Pennsylvania, whether
there has been a vote in that committee upon the
subject of the wall?—whether there has been any
conclusion arrived at by the committee that may
enable this House to arrive at a conclusion ?—
whether the whole of the committee agree with
the chairman?—and further, whether experienced
gentlemen—persons competent to judge of the
strength of that wall, have not given certificates
that it is adequate for the purposes for which it
was built? Inasmuch as the chairman of the com-
mittee has been asked to give us information,and
as we are nil interested in knowing it, it is perhaps
as well that he should state now whether such
certiftcaies have not been given. My reason for
asking it is, that I have understood from expe-
rienced persons that the wall is quite adequate for
the purposes for which it is designed, notwith-
standing the opinion of the chairman of the com-
mittee, who, perhaps, has no better practical
knowledge on the subject than I have.
Mr. NcNAiR. 1 have told the gentleman,as I
tell him now, that there has been no vote taken in
the committee. I will tell him further, that 1 know
nothing about any such certificates as he speaks of.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 did not mean to say cer-
tificates. 1 meant to ask if there had not been
such testimony before the cotnmittee.
Mr. McNAiR. There has been such testimony,
but there has also been contradictory testimony.
After the testimony was all given, we went out
and examined for ourselves. We formed our own
opinions in regard to it, and have given them in
full in the repoit. For my own part, I must say
that I was very much disappointed, and 1 think
the other members of the committee—if they are
here—will say the same for themselves.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, (resuming.)
Mr. Chairman, I was about to remark, when I
was interrupted, that it had been the misfortune of
all great men who had the genius and resolution
to undertake works of this magnitude, to be ha-
rassed and annoyed by the criticism and censure
of petty minds, who have not the capacity to com-
prehend or the skill to execute a great design. In
this remark I do not allude to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, but I do allude to that description of
meddlers who, from motives of disappointment at
having failed to secure contracts on this work,
come into this Hall to harass the House, and,
1 had almost said, to lead intelligent and honorable
membeis of Congress into dilemmas, of which,
when they learn the whole truth, they will be
ashamed.
Mr. McNAIR. Who are they?
Mr. STANTON. Such men as your particular
friend, Mr. Coltman, who, you said yourself,
had been the instrument in bridging about this
i investigation.
Gentlemen who have read the history of the
construction of that great edifice on the north bank
of the Thames, at Westminster, will recollect that
| Sir Charles Barry, the distinguished architect
I charged with the design and construction of the
J work, was annoyed at every step, from the time
j the first foundation stone was laid to the comple-
| tion of the building, with special committees and
investigations, like those we have authorized here,
but which resulted m nothing but the complete
vindication of the great architect and his noble
structure. Sir, the truth is, m all great under-
takings of this magnitude, success is best accom-
plished by relying upon individual responsibility.
You acted upon that principle when you gave ihe
President power to adopt the plan for the edifice,
without other limit than his own discretion; and
you must, to some extent, act upon the same prin-
ciple in permitting him to complete it. You can
delay, embarrass, and rum the work, by listening
to the idle clamor of the ignorant and the envious;
but such a course will Be more discreditable to
you than to the President, the architect he has
employed, or any one acting under them. The
lamented Taylor would never have conquered at
j Buena Vista, nor Scott have taken the city of Mex-
! ico, if at every emergency these brave generals
j had been restrained and controlled by the unen-
S lightened suggestions of the War Department,
j Nor will your new Capitol ever be creditable to
i the nation, if the wo k and the plans are changed
and modified by the action of special committees,
raised at the instance of every stupid fellow who
imagines that he see* a brick awry, or some small
crevice not perfectly puttied up.
I am rejoiced that this debate has arisen, because
I had some curiosity to hear what the honorable
member from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McNair,] who
; is chairman of the special committee, would have
! to say upon the subject of the foundations; and I
; wished to avail myself of the opportunity of ex-
i pressing my own opinions on the subject freely
i and fearlessly. When I heard there were doubts
! as to the stability and firmness of these founda-
: tions, I confess 1 was amazed, for I could not con-
ceive that any intelligent gentleman, who saw
; them as they presented themselves to the eye of
■ everybody, could have anyotheropinion than that
j1 they were unnecessarily strong. 1 am glad,how-
1 ever, that the committee have made their investi-
1 gation most thorough and complete; no matter
"what may be their conclusions when they take the
sense of the members. They have not only, as
we have been told by the chairman, dug injto the
center of the walls to test the quality of the work,
but, I have been informed, they have employed
an accomplished scientific gentleman, of this city,
(Professor Johnson,) at an expense of some $20
or $25 per day, to make extensive experimental
tests of the solidity and strength of thegneiss rock
of which these foundations are built, as well as of
its capacity to resist the action of the atmosphere.
Now, there is not a laborer engaged on these +
foundations—not even the most ignorant of them—
who does not know that not a square inch of
the surface of those walls will be exposed to the
action of the elements. The outer surface "will be
covered up by the earth, or the terraces which will
surround it, and the inner surface by the arches
or floors above it, so that no part will be exposed.
The chairman of the special committee, [Mr.
McNair,] in advance of the action of the com-
mittee, gives us his judgment as to the character
of these foundations, and pronounces them shame-
fully defective. Now, as to the character of the
material: I happened to have a conversation with /
Professor Johnson as to the result of his experi-
ments, in which he kindly gave me the facts which
will follow.
Mr. McNAIR. Was he upon his oath ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; but I presume his
word upon this subject would be as good as his
oath.
Mr. BEALE. He took six or seven specimens
of stone from different parts of the building, so as
to ascertain the average quality of the stone.
Mr. STANTON. I shall slate it all fairly, as
I have no disposition to do any one injustice.
The weakest ai'd most inferior specimens of the
stone used which could be found, when subjected
to pressure, by accurate machinery for that pur-
pose, bore a crushing weight of o\er 8,000 pounds
to the square inch, or 1,152,000 pounds to the
square foot. Now, the heaviest portion of the ma-
terial of which the walls of the edifice will be built
weighs only 175 pounds to the cubic foot; and as
the building will be about 60 feet high, the weight
which each square foot of foundation must sustain
is only 10,500 pounds, or less than one hundreth
part of what the walls are capable of sustaining,
supposing the whole foundation to be built of the
most inferior material. The best portion of the
stone used bore a pressure of 20,000 pounds and
over, or one and n half times more than the most
inferior. Not one stone in a hundred used in the
foundation, I am authorized to say, was of the
inferior quality of the first specimen to which I
have referred; and taking a medium between the
worst and the best, as the proper average quality
of the stone used,and these foundations, so much
decried, are really capable of bearing, according
to scientific demonstration, 2,450,000 pounds to
the square foot, or two hundred and thirty-three
times more than is actually required.
These are som6 of the results which had been
obtained by the gentleman referred to, at the time
of our conversation. They certainly will be con-
clusive, to all unprejudiced mind's, as to the
strength and durability of the stone.
I have no information as to the result of his ex-
periments to test the capacity of the stone to stand
I atmospheric action. They had not been comple-
ted at the time referred to. But 1 care not what
i may be the result. My own practical experience
I teaches me that the stone is sufficiently strong,
; solid, and durable, for any purpose of the kind. I
! agree with the learned Professor, that these ex-
i periments can be of no practical value, for the
. reasons above stated, and that this part of the in-
; vestigation had as weil been dispensed with. They
: are only a waste of genius and of time.
I But the chairman of the investigating committee
i has told us, with great gravity, thathewent to one
! of these foundation walls, with pickaxe and crow-
i bar in hand, and dug up a port-on of it; that, to
j his great surprise, he found his worst anticipa-
: tions realized. The wall, he alleges, is built of
small stone and bad mortar, and is insufficient to
. sustain the structure to be erected upon it. Now,
let me disclose a secret in regard to this digging
, operation. The honorable chairman satisfied him-
; self by diggimr in a single spot, and that spot
happened, fortunately for the purpose of the
gentleman, to be just where the workmen termi-
nated their labors. Now, it is known to all prac-
