732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
tical men, that in building either brick or stone
walls, there will necessarily be an accumulation of
pieces-of brick or small stone as the work pro-
gresses. These must be worked in, and it is
economy to use them in " filling in," or " level-
ing up." This happened to be the case at the
spot where the honorable gentleman used, so suc-
cessfully, his pickaxe and crowbar. I suppose
some sagacious person, knowing the zeal of the
honorable gentleman,informed him of these facts;
and he availed hims'elf of tho information, i.nd
made his assault upon the stone and mortar ac-
cordingly.
Mr. McNATR. X have received no such infor-
mation. No one ever told me that the small stones
were in that particular place.
Mr. STANTON. Oh, well, I only supposed
it might be so. It happens, however, to be the
fact, that this identical spot was the last part of
the building worked upon, and these small stones
were used up at that place as matter of economy.
But these stones, so torn out of the wall, are not
small stone, and could not from their use impair
the strength of the foundation. They average
from six inches in length to two feet, and I have
seen many a solid and substantial wall built of
stone of no greater size. Many of the best and
oldest buildings in the world rest upon foundations
built of pebbles, broken rock, and small pieces of
stone or brick.
I have taken some extracts from the " Trans-
actions of the British Architects," which will
show the extent to which this mode of building
has been carried in past ages:
" In Gieece, the foundations of all the very earlv fortifi-
cations were lormed of small stones. Some of the wails
of the stronghold at the pass ofThermopyke are constructed
of small stones and mortal. Thucydides, describing the
way in which the walls surrounding the Acropolis had been
restored after the Persian war, about 478 years before
Christ, ?ays the foundations consisted of stones of all
sizes and torms thrown m indiscnminately. These still re-
main, and are so haid as to hp almost impenetiable."
"The Romans conducted their walls of two faces of
masonry filled in with cement, consisting of pounded bricks,
or tiles, rough t-toned or flints, and lune well incorporated.
There are examples- at Medina, where m fact the walls
surrounding the town, erected 370 year? before our era, are
wholly of this description. At Koine, it was everywhere
used; the temple of Augustus, the baths of Agrippa, of
Titus, and of Diocletian, the Colliseum, the Aqueducts, St.
l'eteir-, and many others peiving as instances. The well
known wall of China, built about 205 years befoie Christ,
\va< constructed in a somewhat similar mannei, and not-
withstanding numerous vicissitudes, is still wondrously
strong, discovering no signs of rum."
The Romans brought their arts to England, and
there practiced them.
"The foundations of thfi Roman Station, Aldhorough,
Yorkshire—the upper parts of which are formed of round
pebbles united by a strong cement—and of some portions of
Severn's wall, consists of rough stone and pebbles, com-
pacted in clay; while m seveial instances we find tliey
u-ed perfect concreted nms.o? of gt.ivel, sand, ot pounded
bucks and lime, precisely siunlai to the conciete ol our
day."
"The walls of Aldborough Church, Yorkshue ; the
tower of Eails Uarton Chinch ; that of St. Peter's Church,
at Barton upon number, Lincolnshire, and a building at
Warmford, tfouthampton&hire, all of which, in tfie opinion
of sevetal antsquauop, are composed, f-ome of round pebble
stones united by nioitar, and others of nibble stone and
flints well grouted; they aie still ot amazing solidity, and
appear to deiy time."
Sir Christopher Wren discovered that the found-
ation of St. Paul's Cathedral, upon which had
stood an imposing pile destroyed bv the great fiie,
was composed of a mass of Kentisli rubble stone,
cemented with extremely hard mortar.
"The foundation of thenoith transept of Westminster
Abbey, built in J245, i> composed offiint*, irregular stones,
rubble, and mortar, forming a body aimosi unpenetrable."
ct The foundations ot the public buildings in Westmins-
ter, the law courts, the additional buildings to the House of
Lords, the Libiaiy of the Iiouse of Common-, &c., were
formed ot granite, or other haid stone, bioken in small
pieces, (none exceeding in size an ordinaiy hen 's egg,) and
laid m layers closel> rammed and grouted;every thud la>er
of Dorking lime and shaip nvei sand."
The new Parliament House of Great Britain,
recently built, rests upon foundations ten feet
seven inches in height, composed entirely of con-
crete. On this mass of small stone, broken up for
the purpose and grouted, the walls of that massive
structure are erected; and yetour ears are stunned
with the cry, that the stone in these foundations
are not large enough to give it proper strength.
This fact, in regard to the foundations of the work
at Westmmster, I learn from the reports of the
architect. I happened to mention it a few days
ago in the presence of some of the workmen lately
engaged on the Capitol, when two of them in-
formed me that the report stated the matter cor-
rectly, for they had each worked upon these very
foundations.
The walls laid, and which are the objects of
daily observation by the members of this House,
are subjects of admiration to every scientific and
practical man who has seen them. Such solidity,
such strength, and such admirable skill in their
construction, have never been manifested beforein
any work done in this city, and I doubt whether
better work of the kind can be found in any part
of the Union. Yet tve are told by the honorable
chairman of the special committee that the walls >
are of no value, and should be torn up. I am as-
tonished at the conclusion to which he has arrived.
It makes me blush for the intelligence of my fel-
low-members on this floor upon matters of such a
practical character. When gentlemen see the re- !
port of the special committee, if the evidence j
accompanies it, they will find that some of the
most scientific engineers and architects in the na-
tion—indeed I might say the world—as well as
the most experienced practical men, have testified,
after examining the work, that it is of sufficient
strength and solidity to bear an infinitely greater
weight than can possibly be put upon it.
The mortar of which these walls are built is
said not to be of good quality, because it has not
yet hardened. * The fact that such a complaint is
made, is proof only that there are men intrusted
with the legislation of this country, who are lam-
entably deficient in those practical matters which
are familiar to the commonest of men. Who, in
his sober senses, could imagine that mortar in the
center of a thick wall—seven feet thick—exposed
to the severity of a rigorous winter, and only two
months laid, would be now dry and hardened ?
The very best mortar ever used could not have
hardened in such a situation in so short a time.
Twenty years will not suffice to make it as dry
and solid as it will become; and every practical,
as well as scientific man, knows that it is better it
should be so. Ask the common laborer who has
been accustomed to attend upon masons, and he
will tell you, that the longer the process of evap-
oration continues, the stronger will be the adhe-
sion of the mortar. It is a fact so well demonstra-
ted by the experience of those who are accustomed
to work in mortar, that it needs no scientific ex-
periments to prove it. The fact, then, that in
digging into these foundations the mortar was
found not to be dry and hard, is 110 evidence that
it is of bad quality. On the contrary, I assert,
without fear of contradiction by any man of intel-
ligence on the subject, that the mortar is as good
as could have been made. It is made of good
lime, clean, sharp sand, and mixed in proper pro-
portions. The practical and scientific men who
have examined it, concur with me in opinion, and
ridicule the folly which pronounces it of bad qual-
ity. I hold in my hand some of the mortar, ta-
ken from the very place in which the honorable
gentleman tore up the wall.
Mr. McNAIR. That is not as it was taken
out of the wall.
Mr. STANTON. It was taken from that very
place in the wall, and nothing has been added to
it but water. The action of the atmosphere has
dried it—that is all. It dried because it was thus
exposed. How, in the name of all that is reason-
able, could it be expected to dry in so short a time,
if it had remained in the center of a wall seven
feet thick. Near the earth, too, where there was
more likely to be absorption of moistuie, rather
than evaporation, the probabilities were all against
its drying. Indeed, from my practical knowledge
of mortar, having worked in itfor twelve years, I
should have doubted the quality of this, had it not
been just as it was.
The honorable gentleman says these walls are a
mere shell on the outsides, and filled up with small
stone and bad mortar in the center. I have shown
how they are built; hut even if it were as the gen-
tleman seems to think they are, I cannot see how
they could even then be liable to bulge or press
out. Every one knows that walls are not so
liable to split as to crack cross-wise. They crack
cross-wise because of the inequalities of the foun-
dation. But, these walls will be so sustained on
the oufside hy the earth, and on the inside by the
cross walls and the arches, that it will be impossi-
ble for them to give way by splitting or bulging.
Mr. McNAIR. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. STANTON. With pleasure—as many as
you may choose to ask.
Mr.McNAlR. I desire to ask if a certain very
interesting article, which appealed not long since,
did not supply you with information on this
subject?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know to what arti-
cle the gentleman alludes. The extracts I have
given are obtained from books; the rest I derive
from my own practical experience, which I think
qualifies me to speak of subjects like this with
some knowledge more than the gentleman pos-
sesses, even after the advantage he has had of this
very important investigation.
A Voice. How many applicants for contracts
were there from Pennsylvania?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know how many
from Pennsylvania have applied for contracts; but
this I am informed is true, that disappointed appli-
cants for contracts have been active in stimulating
this investigation. I believe some of them were
before the committee, and I suppose were the per-
sons who attempted to throw doubt upon the sta-
bility of the work.
The gentleman takes exception to the fact that
the architect of the edifice, Mr. Walter, has con-
trol of the funds used. I cannot see that this is
any part of the duty conferred upon the commit-
tee by the House, which clothed them only with
power to inquire into the sufficiency of the founda-
tions. But it is an exception to the law and not
to the President, and ought to have been taken
two years ago. Congress gave the President
power to adopt the plan, and money to carry it
out, with instructions that the money should be
expended under his direction, " by such architect
as he might appoint." Congress now has no
right to complain of the action of the President m
this respect, nor in regard to the adoption of the
plan. If he has transcended what Congress now
supposes to be a reasonable limit, it is the fault of
Congress. It was in our power to have restrained
htm. We mighthave required him to present his
plans and estimates to us for our adoption or re-
jection, but we did not think it proper to do so.
We bade him take the responsibility, and he
obeyed our command. 1 think he has acted wisely
in adopting a plan, which, while it affords room
enough, is not extravagant in cost, and will, in its
architectural design and perfection of arrangement,
reflect credit upon the nation. Our population,
our territory, our resources, have increased with
-unexampled rapidity. Who can calculate their
extent, when another half century shall have
passed? The edifice we are now constructing is
not for ourselves alone, but for posterity; and I
am happy to say that in the after ases of the Re-
public it will most nobly illustrate the genius and
power of the present. It is beautiful in design,
perfect in its proportions and arrangements, and
not too magnificent for the Capitol of thirty-one
American States.
The gentleman, in his zeal to defeat the contin-
uance of the work, thinks proper to assail the
architect in regard to the expenditure of the money,
and charges that he has not accounted for that
placed in his hands. The money is drawn from
the Treasury upon his requisition, according to
law, and not otherwise. Every cent so drawn has
been honestly and faithfully accounted for. If the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] does
not know it, I can tell him that the accounts of the
architect are so kept, that any man can see in a
moment the condition of the whole account, and
learn the disposition of every dollar of the money.
I will say to the honor of Mr. Walter, that if all
other disbursing officers of the Government were
as faithful and accurate in their accounts and dis-
bursements, you would hear of no complaints
about defalcations and corruption. The $100,000
heretofore appropriated have been expended, and
I am gratified to have it in my power to say, judi-
ciously expended. An immense amount of work
has been done for that amount of money. Look
at the immense excavations at each end of the
Capitol—the great number of cubic perches of
stone bought and laid—and other materials acctf -
mulated. And not one cent of this money, says
the honorable gentleman, has been accounted for.
Why, sir, I was about to say that this charge was
so unjust to Mr. Walter, and would be so little
believed by any one who knows him, that it was
scarcely worth denying. But, if he really has
doubts upon the subject, let him go to the Comp-
