1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
733
troller's office of the Treasury, and he will see that
every cent has been faithfully and honestly ac-
counted for.
Every man must he sensible of the great import-
ance of the proposed improvement, and I am only
surprised that the repiesentatives of the nation,
who have yenr after year seen the great incon-
veniences of legislation arising from the miserably
defective construction of this House, did not
sooner direct it to be commenced. 1 need say
nothing of this Hall, the very worst in the world
for purposes of deliberation. Its defects are two
palpable not to be seen and felt by every member.
Large and commodious as the building may seem,
it does not contain more than one half as many
committee rooms as are needed for the use of the
two Houses. In many of them the committees are
doubled, some of the committees have no rooms,
and it frequently occurs that special committees
cannot be accommodated without seriously inter-
fering with the duties of others. And how are
the officers of the House accommodated? They
are crowded into the smallest rooms, and scarcely
more than half the space necessary for the prompt
and proper dispatch of business. The library
room of the House is ill shaped, irregular, and not
much larger, or convenient, than a good-sized rat
hole. The document room is but little better, and
both seem to have been made for any other pur-
pose than that to which they are applied. Neither
the Postmaster nor the Sergeant-at-Arms, has
more room than is usually allotted to the bar-
keeper on a steam-boat. All this is discreditable
to a great nation like ours, and affords abundant
reason for the immediate progiess of an improve-
ment, which will afford greater conveniences for |
the legislative department of the Government. |
1 hope this appropriation will be made. I deem ]
the investigation to be made by this committee j
as of very little importance. Indeed, 1 know no !
practical man—I had almost said, no sensible man I
—will so hazard his reputation as to insist that i
those foundations shall come down. Who has !
complained of them, and of what is the complaint !
made? It arises from the disappointment of men
who sought contracts and did not get them, and
applies to a single spot ten or twelve feet long and
two feet deep in one of the walls upon the south
side of the House. I understand there is no sort
of objection to the foundation upon the other
side of the building—none m the world. If the
gentleman having charge of this matter had taken
the trouble to walk fifty feet further, he would i
have seen a portion of this work unfinished, just [
as it was laid up by the hands of the workmen, I
and instead of coming here and complaining that I
there are no large stones in that foundation, he j
would have told us that he saw them jutting almost !
entirely through the wall. I appeal to the gentle- !
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] to say, if ;
upon that side of the building there are not large i
stones running through the whole wall? I
Mr. McNALR. There are large stones running ,
nearly through the wall; and I believe they were
put up there for the purpose of making a show. |
When we came to dig into the wall, we found no ;
stones running1 through it. }
Mr. STANTON. That shows the state of feel- '
mg under which the chairman of the special com- .
mittee is acting. Why could he not state the
simple fact, without throwing in the remark that .
" they tcere put up for showfor if he had been ,
destitute of all prejudice and feeling, and had not j
the interest of others who have instigated this in-
vestigation, to sustain, as well as his own repu- ;
tation, for having begun it, would not the mere ,
declaration of fact have been sufficient? Now, ,
sir, I say that that wall was laid before the gentle- j
man came to the city of Washington. _ j
Mr. McNAIR. I have no interest in this .
thing.
Mr. STANTON. How in the name of com- i
mon sense could the men when at work upon that j,
part of the wall, have anticipated that the honora- !>
ble gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. McNair,] ;
when he came here, would have been set on to
commence a crusade against the foundations of*:
this building? That work was done long before
the honorable gentleman came here, and it remains
now just in its unfinished condition, and in the i
best condition possible to test the quality of the
work. Now, sir, I venture to assert that he will ,
not say that that wall is not strong enough. j
Mr. McNAIR. I will. That is my opinion. 1
Mr. STANTON. Well, I am very glad to
hear that, for it is in keeping with all the results |
of the judgment you have manifested here to-duy. ;
Now, sir, this part of the wall torn down by the j
committee, was leveled up" as the base for larger [
stone, and 44 leveling" is a technical term with j
masons, simply indicating the bringing of the wall j
to a level surface, m order that you may have a !
bed for larger stone to rest upon, or for other pur- '
poses. In this process of leveling up," small ■
stones are needed and necessarily used, and this '
is known to ail practical men, if not to the chair- 1;
man of the committee, created to pass judgment!
upon the labor of skillful and experienced opera- i
tives, who could have no motive or inteiest to j
make other than a good job. i
I have been instructed to offer this amendment
by the Committee on Public Buildings, who think
that the appropriation should be made and the |
work completed with ail possible speed consistent 1
with its proper execution. The Secretary of the i
Interior, m his letter to the Committee ol Ways '
and Means, and the Architect, in his annual re- i
port, estimated §,350,000 as the sum to be expended ]
during the present fiscal year ending June 30,1852, j
and $65U,0U0 for the subsequent year, ending June j
30, 1853. The appropriation provided for by the j
amendment, extends to June 30, 1853, and is only ;
half the sum asked for by the Secietary and Ar- j
chitect, a large portion of the time having elapsed !
in which the amount of their estimates would have j
been expended. I earnestly hope the House will ;
pass the resolution and permit the work to pro- j
ceed. The appropriation is needed, must be made,
and the sooner the better. In conclusion, I will !
simply say, that no matter what may be the char- J
actor of the report of the special committee, the r
money will be required, and the appropriation j
should be made. !
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi, obtained the j
floor. j
Mr. WALLACE. As I am a member of the j
committee, and as comments have been made by j
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] j
upon their action, 1 appeal to the liberality of the |
gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] to yield
to me for five minutes.
Mr. BRO WN. There is nothing which I would
not do for my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Wallace] except to yield a portion of my hour.
I shall want all of it for my own use, not upon this
question, but upon other questions.
It is not my purpose, Mr. Chairman, to address
the House at all in reference to the bill now before
it. I propose, in the opening of my remarks, to
take a brief retrospect of the rise, progress, and
fall, of the Southern movement. It is very well
known, sir, not only to the members of Congress,
but to the whole country, that the continued action
of the Northern people, and of the Northern States,
upon the subject of the domestic lelations existing
in the South, oetween the master and the slave, had
at one time wrought up the Southern mind to a
very high degree of exasperation. Apprehensions i
were freely expressed, and doubtless generally en- ;
tertained, that some great disaster was likely to :
befall the country, growing out of this excitement.
In this state of public feeling, during the Thirtieth j
Congress, a gentleman, then a Representative from !
one of the districts in the State of New York, [Mr. j
Gott,] introduced a resolution, preceded by what >
the Southern members believed to be a most insult- ;
ing preamble. This preamble, insulting though !
it certainly was, did not propose any legislative ■
action. The resolution, directed a very simple,
but a very important inquiry to be made. It di- i
rected the Committee for the District of Columbia 1
to inquire into the expediency of abolishing the !
slave trade in this Di&tiict. The passage of this
resolution gave olfense to the whole Southern dele-
gation, and they commenced, at once, manifesting i
their hostility to this movement in a manner not to j
be misunderstood. - ;
A distinguished gentleman in the other branch
of the Legislature, from my own State, and now
its Governor, came, as the older members of Con-
gress know very well, into this House and soli- ,
cited members of Congress to sign their names to
a call for a meeting of Southern Senators and
Representatives. In obedience to this call, a inett-
ing assembled m the Senate Chamber, over which 1
a venerable Senator from the State of Kentucky 1
! [Governor Metcalfe] was called to preside. Here,
! sir, I date the rise of the Southern movement, j
From this point it commenced its progress. But
for this movement, I undertake to say, the South-
ern Democracy was not responsible. That meeting
was a joint assemblage of the Southern 'Whigs
and of the Southern Democrats. There were
Whigs who absented themselves; and there were
Democrats who absented themselves; but the
Southern delegation in Congress generally, and
without reference to party, was responsible for the
meeting and for its proceedings. That meeting put
forth an address to the Southern people, written,
as it is said, and I have no doubt correctly, by the
late venerable and distinguished Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun.] It was such a paper as
was intended to produce, as it certainly did pro-
duce^ most profound sensation upon the Southern
mind. Upon my return to Mississippi, I found a
very high degree of excitement—an excitement not
confined to the Democrats, but pervading all parties,
Whigs as weli as Democrats. A proposition had
already been made, and was then being actively
urged, for a convention of our State—a popular
convention—to take into consideration the rela-
tions then subsisting between the North and the , ^
South, growing out of the institution of domestic I&
slavery. A number of gentlemen, of both poht- w
ical parlies, published a call to the people, invit-
ing them to assemble in convention. This call
was the first advance step of the Southern move-
ment, and for it, both YVhigs and Democrats in
my State were alike responsible. In obedience
to it, the people, without reference to party, as-
sembled in primary meetings and appointed dele-
gates to a State Convention, and, in every instance,
the delegates to that convention were appointed of
equal numbers, Whigs and Democrats. The con-
vention assembled in the month of October, 1849.
This, sir, was the second step in the progress
of the Southern movement. Up to this peiiod
neither party could claim the exclusive credit, and
up to this time it was all credit—there was no
debit. That convention put forth another address
to the people of Mississippi; and from that address
I propose just in this connection to read a very
short extract. For this' address, bear you in
mind, both the Whig and the Democratic parties
of Mississippi were responsible, so far as they
could be made responsible by their delegates in
convention. It bore the honored signatures of
leading Democrats and leading Whigs. It was
a document which bore the signature of a very
distinguished member of the UNION party, now
high in the confidence of the Administration, and
its lepresentative as chief consul on the Island of
Cuba—Judge Sharkey. After disclosing to the
people what had been done and what was pro-
posed for the future, Judge, now Consul, Sharkey
and his associates said:
" Besides and beyond a popular convention of the South-
ern Slates with the view and the hope of arresting the
cause of agression, and if not practicable, then to concen-
trate the South in will, understanding, and action, the con-
vention of Mississippi suggested, as the possible ultimate
re-oit, tlie call by the Legislature of the availed States, or
still some mote solemn conventions—such as should be
regulaily elected by tlie people of those States—to deliber-
ate, speak, and act with all the sovereign power of the peo-
ple. Should, in the result, such conventions be called and
meet, they may lead to a like regularly-constituted con-
vention of all tlie assailed Statc->, to proiide in the l<ist re-
sort for their $<*/)«? ate welfai e bv the formation of a com-
pact and an uithn that will afford protection to their liberties
and their lights."
Now, that is the language for which I say all
parties in Mississippi were responsible. It is the
emanation of a convention composed equally of
Whigs and of Democrats, or as they are now
called of State-Rights men and Union men. The
very head and front of the Union party in Missis-
sippi, was the president of the convention, which
put forth that address—the very head and front of
the Union party in Mississippi attached his name
to that sentiment and published it to the people of
Mississippi—<{to provide in the last resort for
their separate welfare." How could this be done
else than by a separation from the Northern States?
How could it be done else than by secession or rev-
olution—by breaking up the Government. True,
it was to be done in the last resort: and pray have
we ever spoken of secession except as the last
resort—the final alternative? But now I find
this language brought into the House of Repre-
sentatives by my honorable colleague, [Mr. Wil-
cox,] and held up here with an attempt to hold
the party to which I belong responsible for it.
History, sir, must be known to him, at least
the history of our own State, and if he has read
