THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xui
line intersects the east bank of the Mississippi
river, be formed into a land district to be called
the Sauk River District, the land office for which
shall be located at such point as the President may-
direct, and shall be removed from time to time to
other points within said district whenever, in his
opinion, it may be expedient.
Sec. 2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the Pres-
ident be, and he is hereby, authorized to appoint,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
a register and receiver for said district, who shall
respectively be required to reside at the site of
said office, and who shall have the same powers,
perform the same duties, and be entitled to the
same compensation as are or may be prescribed
by law in relation to other land offices of the United
States. And in case it shall be found necessary
or expedient to establish said district during the
recess of Congress, the President shall be, and he
is hereby, authorized to appoint the necessary
officers during such recess, and until the end of
the next session of the Senate of the United States.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
Public, LIII.—Jin Jict making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, and jor other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and are
hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the ob-
jects hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, namely,
Legislative.—For compensation and mileage of
Senators, one hundred and ten thousand seven
hundred and seventy-six dollars.
For compensation and mileage of members of
the House of Representatives, and Delegates from
Territories, three hundred and thirty-five thou-
sand three hundred and fifty-two dollars.
For compensation of Senators, Members of the
House of Representatives, and Delegates, fifty
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers and clerks of
both Houses of Congress, forty-two thousand five
hundred and fifty-seven dollars and fifty cents.
For the contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For printing, thirty-five thousand dollars.
For binding, fifteen thousand dollars.
For lithographing, thirteen thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For books, twelve thousand dollars.
For stationery, five thousand dollars.
For newspapers, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For Congressional Globe, six thousand dollars.
For reporting proceedings, &c., twenty-two
thousand dollars.
For messengers, pages, laborers, police, horses,
and carryalls, twenty thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, nineteen thousand dol-
lars.
For the contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives, viz:
For printing and binding, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars: Provided, That on
settling the accounts of Thomas Ritchie, assignee
of William M. Belt, the printer of the Thirty-first
Congress, one half of the prices given by the joint
resolution of eighteen hundred and nineteen be
allowed, not exceeding the amounts that would
be paid under the respective contracts, if settled by
the prices named in the ar.t passed at the present
session in regard to the public printing, estimating
the paper at the actual cost thereof, to be paid out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated: Provided further, That the amount to
be paid for the said printing, over and above the
amounts which would be paid under the terms and
at the rate of the contracts for the same, shall not
exceed fifty thousand dollars; and for printing the
obituary notices of the decease of President Tay-
lor said contractor shall be paid the actual cost,
with a profit of twenty per centum.
For furniture and repairs, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For stationery, eighteen thousand dollars.
For salary of librarian, reading clerk of the
House of Representatives, clerk to the Committee
on Claims, messengers,pages, andlaborers, thirty-
eight thousand dollars.
For horses and mail carriages, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For fuel, oil, and candles, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For newspapers, five thousand dollars.
For engraving and lithographing, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For salary of the Capitol police, three thousand
five hundred and sixty dollars.
For alterations, repairs, and other miscellaneous
items, thirty thousand dollars.
Library of Congress.—For compensation of li-
brarian, two assistant librarians, and messenger,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
To defray freight and other expenses incurred
under the act to regulate the exchange of certain
documents and other publications, approved June
twenty-sixth, eighteen hundred ana forty-eight,
the sum of one thousand dollars, and that the said
aet is hereby repealed.
For purchase of books for said Library and for
contingent expenses thereof, and for purchase of
furniture for the same, seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
For continuing the preparation and publication
of the works of the Exploring Expedition, includ-
ing the expenses of the green-house, and for the
settlement of arrears due on the erection of said
green-house, twenty-five thousand dollars: Pro-
vided, That no part of this appropriation shall be
applied to the enlarging of the present or the erec-
tion of new buildings.
For purchase of law books for said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For the publication of the Jefferson Papers,
under the direction of the Library Committee, m
addition to the balance of an unexpended appro-
priation, three thousand dollars.
Executive.—For compensation of the President
of the United States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Department of State.—For compensation of the
Secretary of State, and the clerks, messenger, and
assistant messenger in his office, thirty-three thou-
sand seven hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses of said
Department:
For publishing the Laws in pamphlet form, and
in the newspapers of the States and Territories,
and in the city of Washington, twenty-two thou-
sand three hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For proof-reading, packing and distributing laws
and documents, including cases, labor, and trans-
portation, ten thousand dollars.
For the purchase of such works as are immedi-
ately required for the library of the Department
of StatS, two thousand dollars.
For remodeling the library of the Department
of State, arranging and classifying the collection,
binding the pamphlets which are contained therein,
and preparing a catalogue of the same, one thou-
sand dollars.
For stationery, blank books, binding, labor, and
attendance, furniture, fixtures, repairs, painting
and glazing, four thousand four hundred dollars.
For printing (letter-press and copper-plate) books
and maps, two thousand dollars.
For newspapers, two hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
Northeast Executive Building.—For compensa-
tion of the superintendent and four watchmen of
the Northeast Executive Building, two thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For fuel, labor, oil, and repairs, three thousand
three hundred dollars.
Treasury Department.—For compensation of the
Secretary of the Treasury and Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, clerks, messenger, and assistant
messenger in his office, thirty-three thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the First Comptroller, and
the clerks and messenger in his office, twenty-two
thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
and the clerks and messenger in his office, twenty-
four thousand six hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, and the
clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in his
office, twenty-three thousand dollars.
For compensation to the Second Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, thirty-four thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, and
the clerks, messengers, and assistant messengers
in his office, fifty-nine thousand one hundred and
fifty dollars. The salary of one of the clerks
created by the act of the twentieth of April,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, and who is now
acting as the assistant chief clerk in said office,
being hereby increased to one thousand six hun-
dred dollars per annum.
For compensation to temporary clerks employed
in the office of the Third Auditor in making out
certificates of service from the muster-rolls of
eigtheen hundred and twelve and the several In-
dian wars, thirty-five thousand dollars: Provided,
That no clerk snail receive more than at the rate
of one thousand dollars per annum under this act,
except one whose salary shall be sixteen hundred
dollars per annum, and four whose compensation
shall be four dollars per day.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, and
the clerks, messenger, and assistant messenger in
his office, twenty thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, fifteen thousand
six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the United
States, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
thirteen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks, messenger, and assistantmes-
senger in his office, thirty thousand eight hundred
dollars. The salary of three of the clerks created
by the act of the twentieth of April, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, being hereby increased to one
thousand dollars per annum.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
thirteen thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, and the clerks and messenger in his office,
sixteen thousand five hundred dollars.
For the temporary employment of additional
clerks in the Auditor's office of the Treasury for
the Post Office Department, to compute postmas-
ters' commissions, rendered necessary by the act
of Congress reducing the rates of postage, two
thousand dollars.
Contingent expenses of the Treasury Department.
In the office of the Secretary of the Treasury:
For labor, blank books, stationery, sealing-
ships' registers, translating foreign languages,
printing, advertising, printing the public accounts,
and extra clerk hire for preparing and collecting
information to be laid before Congress, said clerks
to be employed only during the session of Con 
gress, or when indispensably necessary to enable
the Department to answer some call made by either
House of Congress at one session to be answered
at another—and no such extra clerk shall receive
more than three dollars thirty-three and one third
cents per day for the time actually and necessarily
employed—ten thousand five hundred and fifty
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand eight
hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Comptroller:
For furniture, one hundred dollars.
For blank books, binding, stationery, printing,
and labor, two thousand and thirty-four dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and print-
ing blanks, including pay for the National Intelli-
gencer and Union, to be filed, bound, and pre-
served for the use of the office, seven hundred
dollars.
For labor, office furniture, and miscellaneous
items, eight hundred dollars.
In the office of the First Auditor:
For blank books, binding, stationery, printing
blanks, and labor, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For miscellaneous items, including subscription
for the Union and National Intelligencer, to be
filed for the use of the office, three hundred dol-
lars.
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, labor,
furniture, blanks, newspapers, and miscellaneous
items, one thousand five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Third Auditor:
For blank books, binding, stationery, office fur-
