1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
785
of Mississippi Democracy in J 849—if the indorse-
ment of Governor Foote, and of my colleague also,
may be relied on, I think Quitman can pass mus-
ter. He is sound.
Our nominees were all Democrats. We run
them as Democrats—as State-Rights Democrats—
against the Union ticket, composed of two Whigs
and two Democrats. We were beaten. And what
has happened since the election ? Who is it that
has gone out of the Democratic party ? The Le-
gislature assembled—the new Governor was inau-
gurated. What was almost his first act? It was
to appoint an Adjutant-General. It was an im-
portant appointment—the most important in his
gift. Did he appoint a Union Democrat? No,
not he. Did he appoint a secession Democrat,
as my friend calls them? No, not at all; but he
appointed a Whig. That was his first important
appointment as Governor, and he dismissed a
Democrat to make it. What did his ■' faithful
Union Legislature "do? It did not send him back
to the Senate, that is clear. I will tell you what
it did. There was an old and venerable Democrat
superintending the penitentiary. It was a mere
ministerial office, filled by a man who had confes-
sedly discharged his duties with ability and integ-
rity, and to the entire satisfaction of everybody.
He wag turned out by the Union Legislature, and
a Whig put in his place. A gentleman who
had discharged for a series of yeais the duties of
clerk of the same establishment, with fidelity, and
to the entire satisfaction of every one, was also
dismissed, and a Whig put in his place. A Whig
Sergeant-at-A rms was elected. Places were given
to other Whigs over the heads of Democrats. The
patronage of the State, so far as the Governor and
Legislature could control it, has been given to the
Whigs; and so far as the executive advertising has
been concerned, it has, with scarcely an excep-
tion, been given to the Whig press. I ask if this
looks like Democracy ? Two vacancies existed in
the United States Senate. How were they filled?
With Democrats, did you say—old, long-tried,
and consistent Democrats? Were they sent here
to represent the Union men of Mississippi? No,
sir. One Democrat and one Whig were returned.
If these things show that my colleague, and his
associates in Mississippi, have been faithful to the
Democratic party, why, then, I must confess I
have grown strangely wild m my opinions of po-
litical fidelity. What think our friends from other
States' "Can things like these o'ercome them
like a summer cloud, and not excite their won-
der?" Is it consistent with Democratic usage to
organize under the style of the Union party? Is
it compatible with party fidelity to nominate and
elect bitter enemies of the party? Is it a part of
the tactics of the Democratic party to dismiss
Democrats and put Whigs in their places' Ought
the patronage of a Democratic Government to be
given exclusively to the Whigpress? And, finally,
ought a Democratic Legislature to elect a Whig
United States Senator? These are questions raised
by my friend, and his party. I ask the National
Democracy to answer them.
My colleague calls us constantly, through his
speech, the secessionists and disunionists of Missis
has the right to judge, so far as she herself is con-
cerned, of that infraction, and the mode and meas-
ure of its redress. I desire to ask my colleague if
he does not indorse the Kentucky resolutions, and i
whether the whole Union party of Mississippi ,
does not indorse them? If he will say to us, by j
authority of his party, that they repudiate these j
resolutions, I will guaranty that they sink so low, j
as a political party, that, though you sounded for j
them with a hundred fathom lead line, a voice j
would still come booming up from this mighty j
deep, proclaiming, " no bottom here." j
1 desire to submit this proposition to my col- j
league. He says, that because we assert the right j
of secession, therefore we are secessionists. .Acm |
constat. He asserts the right of revolution. Let 1
me ask my friend, do you consider yourself as a !
revolutionist? If I am to be denounced as a se- j
cessionist because I assert the right to secede, may
I not turn upon my assailant and say to him, You,
are a revolutionist, because you assert the right of
revolution?
But, sir, this new Union organization—this
party which claims first to be the Whig party par
excellence, and then to be the Democratic pai tj
par excellence—to what sort of sentiments does Jt
hold? Ask my friend here, [Mr. Wilcox,] in
the presence of our colleague of the Senate [Mr.
Brooke] who has lately arrived in this city,
" Gentlemen, what are your opinions on the sub-
ject of the currency ?" My friend would doubt-
less say something about hard-money, and gold
and silver; but our colleague in the Senate would
tell us that he believes in paper money, and
banks. Suppose the two gentlemen should be
asked what they thought on the subject of pro-
tection? My friend here would commence lec-
turing you about free-trade; but his colleague in
the Senate would begin to tell us how much pro-
tection we want. And it would be thus in regard
to distribution, internal improvements by the Fed-
eral Government, the Sub-Treasury, and upon all
other party questions. If you ask them what they
are for, they tell you they are for the Union. But
as to what political measures they propose to cany
out, they do not at all agree, even among them-
selves. _ jj
Why, sir, if I may be allowed, in this high jj
council-place, to indulge in an anecdote, 1 think I j]
can tell one illustrative of the position of this jj
Union party, and especially the Union party of j|
my own State. There was an old gentleman who |!
kept what was called the "Union Hotel." A j
travehr rode up and inquired whether he could
have breakfast. The Iandloid said, "What will :
you have ?" " Well," said he, " I'll take broiled
chicken and coffee." "1 don't keep them."
" Let me have beefsteak and boiled eggs, then." i
"I don't keep them." "Well," said the trav-
eler, "never mind; give me something to eat."
" I don't keep anything to eat." "Then," said |
I the traveler, getting a little out of patience, " feed ;
j my horse; give him some oats." " I don't keep
| oats." "Then give him a little hay." "1 don't |
! keep hay." " Well, give him something to eat."
! " t rliin *
I don^t keep anything for horses to eai.
       [Laughter.] "Then what the devil do you!
sippi. 'This is a kind of political slang used in a [; keep?" " 1 keep the Union Hotel." [Renewed!
party canvass with effect, but it is entirely out of laughter.] So with tins Union party. 1 hey are
place here. A member of Congress ought to use I; for the Union,and they are for nothing else. I hey j
terms that anplv w a given state of facts—that have i! are for that to which nobody is opposed. Iliey ;
some relation to justice. Myfriend says what he, jj are constantly trying to save t.ie Union, and are .
n.rham a™l sn often in the heat of the canvass, making a great outcry aDOut it, when, in fact, no- ;
perhaps, said so often in the heat of tne canvass,
that he almost got to think it was true—that we
went into the contest with secession and disunion
inscribed upon our banners. W hy, no such
thing is true. My friend must have seen that in-
scription through a distempered imagination—
through some extraordinary perversion of his
great outcry
body has sought or is seeking to destroy it. They
keep the Union Hotel, but they don't keep any-
thing else.
Now, sir, to come a step further in the progress
,, of Mississippi politics. As soon as the election in
!I our State resulted adversely to my friend* and
exiru.uiuiiui.iy pcivtioiu.. ,, —-   - ,
There was no such inscription on f to myself, we, as a matter of course, abandoned
mental vision.   ■ .
our banner. The Democratic party of Missis-
sippi asserted the abstract right of a State to secede
from this Union. They entertain that opinion now; ij
and at all proper times and upon all proper occa- j
fiions they will maintain it. We believe, in the
language of the Kentucky resolutions, " that where
* there is no common arbiter, each party to a com*
* pact is to judsre of the infractions of the compact,
* and of the mode and measure of redress."
The State, we say, " is to be the judge of in-
fractions of the compact, and of the mode and
measure of redress." If, m the language of the
the issue upon which it had been conducted. We
gave up a contest in which we had been beaten.
But we did not change our opinions as to the
soundness of the principle. It was a contest for
the maintenance of a particular State principle, or
State policy. We wereoverthrown by a majority
of the people of our own State, and consequently
we gave up the issue. Immediately afterwaids, by
the usual authority.and in the usual way, there was
a notice inserted in the leading Democratic papers
of the State, calling upon the Democratic party,
measure oi reuress  ■ ■   -  i< without reference to new State issues, and without
Kentucky resolutions, the State believed that the j; reference to past disputes, to.assemble in'^'i^'itmn
compact has been violated, she, and she alone 11 annomtinff delegates to attend
the Baltimore National Democratic Convention.
This was in November, 1851. Almost immedi-
ately afterwards, the Union party called a Union
,convention, which assembled on the first Monday
in January last. It was represented by about
thirty-six delegates, from twelve or fourteen coun-
ties. On the 8th of the same month, the Demo-
cratic Convention proper, assembled, represented
by some two hundred or more delegates, from fifty-
five counties. Our convention was called as a
Democratic Convention. It assembled as a Demo-
cratic Convention. It deliberated as a Democratic
Convention. It appointed delegates to the Balti-
more Convention as a Democratic Convention. It
appointed Democratic electors. It represented em-
phatically the Democracy of Mississippi. Having*
been beaten on the issues of State policy, I repeat,
we gave them up. We so publicly announced;
and when we met in convention on the 8th of Jan-
uary, it was as Democrats on the old issues.
How was it with the Union Convention? Was
that a Democratic Convention? Was there any
such pretence? No, sir; it assembled as a Union
Convention—a Union meeting to appoint delegates
to attend a Democratic National Convention.
Why, what an idea! What right had such a
meeting to appoint delegates to a Democratic Na-
tional Convention? If the Union party, calling
themselves Democrats, may appoint delegates to
the National Democratic (Convention, why may
not the free Democracy of Ohio, typified in the
person of the gentleman across the way, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] do the same thing? They claim to be
Democrats, and ha\e organized the free Democ-
racy; and why may not they send their repre-
sentation to the Democratic Convention? Sup-
pose the Free-Soil Democrats get up an organiza-
tion, why may not they send delegates too? and
why may not every other faction and, political or-
ganization have its representatives there? No,
sir; if there is to be a Union party, let there be a
Union convention. If certain gentlemen have be-
come so etherealized that the Democratic organi-
zation does not suit them, let them stay out of the
Democratic convention. When they put on the
proper badge—when they take down the Union
flag, and run up the old Democratic banner, 1 am
for hailing them as brothers—for forgetting the
past, and looking only to the future. They need
not sneak back. We will open the door, and let
them in. " To err, is human; to forgive, divine."
Mr. CHASTAIN, (interruptins:.) I wish to ask
the gentleman from Mississippi if the platform of
the Nashville Convention did not repudiate the
idea of having anything to do with eulier of the
national conven tions—the Whig or the Democratic ?
Mr. BROWN. For that comention, the Whig
party and the Democratic party, as I said before,
were alike responsible. The Union party, com-
posed, as it is, of Whigs and Democrats,must take
their part of the responsibility for it. Was not
Judge Sharkey, a Whig and your President's
appointee to Havana, responsible? Was he not
president of the convention, and is he nota Union
leader? Did not Governor Foote have a hand in it?
Did not Mr. Clemens take his share of responsi-
bility? Did not almost all the prominent, leading
Union Democrats of the South have a part in that
convention? I want to know if these srentlemen
may slip out and leave us to hold the sack ? The
State-Rights Democrats of Mississippi, as such,
never indorsed the recommendation to which the
gentleman alludes: and, therefore, we no more than
; others are responsible for it. If theUnion Whigs
! and Union Democrats will stand by the recom-
I mendation, they may fairly expect us to do so
; too; but it is a very pretty business for us to make
: a joint promise, and then allow them to break it,
• and require us to hold on to it. No, sir. " A
! contract broken on one side, is a contract broken
' on all sides."
; Mr. MOORE, of Louisiana, (interrupting.)
| The gentleman from Mississippi mentioned the
State of Louisiana in connection with the Nash-
! ville Convention. I wish merely to state this fact,
- that a law was introduced into the Legislature of
: Louisiana authorizing the people to send delegates
' to that contention, but it failed. I do not believe
a single man went from the State of Louisiana to
that convention who was authorized by the peo-
pie to go there.
;■ Mr. FROWN. I cannot stop for these inter-
ruptions, as I find that my time is fast running
re I CfCiiOC tu past uoovuiuiv , *i-\ ~
for the purpose of appointing delegates to attend ({ out. Now, what did the Democratic party ot
