1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1647
and struck our of the compensation one seventh
portion of it without any authority—the contract
between the Government and the contractor be-
ittiT, that if the Postmaster General should find
the route to he an unproductive one, he should be
at liberty to discontinue it altogether; and that was
the only power reserved to him. He discon-
tinued the running of the mail one day in seven,
and withheld from the contractor one seventh por-
tion of the money to which he was entitled. This
contractot ran the mail during the whole time, as
under his contract he had a ri«*ht to dof as under
his contract he was bound to do, unless he volun-
tarily surrendered the privilege; and, as he might
just as well have done, for he was bound to keep
up ali his stock dming that time, and they might
as well have been running over the road as re-
maining idle in the stables. Such is the case.
My friend from Virginia said, in the first place,
that lie doubted whether this man was entitled to
the principal, and was very certain he was not
entitled to the interest. Why is he not entitled to
interest'1 The withholding of this man's money
from him was nothing better than rapine and plun-
der. It was not a case of debt, or a claim to be
ascertained against the Government. Here was
the money in the hands of the Postmaster General.
It was the contractor's money. It was due to him ;
under the contract. "Without law, without ex- ,
cuse, without apology, the Postmaster General >
refuced to pay it to him. Tie arbitrarily withheld j
it: and because he stood in an official station, he [
was beyond the reach of any process by which !
lie could be compelled to pay. The Government J
therefore have withheld this man's money from ;
that day to this, flis money has been m the !
hands of the Government—money to which he
was just as much entitled as he wa^ to the money \
which he had in his own pocket. Yet we are told .
that it is doubtful whether he is entitled to the :
principal, and very certain that he is not entitled j
to the interest 1 !
I agree, as a general rule, that claimants upon I
the Government ought not to be entitled to inter- ;
est until they have produced and verified their ,
claims, and proved them. But this claim needed ,
no verification. Here was a violent outrage at- j
tempted to be committed by the head of the Post ]
Office Department, in withholding money known j
to he due under the contract. That was the case, j
In using these terms, I do not mean to use them i
in a reproachful sense towards the particular in- j
dividual who committed this act. He might have j
thought that the necessities of the Government j
justified him in doing it. But these are the facts ;
nevertheless; and the character of the transaction ,
cannot be altered. j
Xo\v, sir, as I think the principal was plainly
due: as I think it was an extraordinary case—the >
Go^ernmenthaving this man's money in its hands, |
and by the authority of its officer, without excuse,
justification, or apology, refusing to pay it over
to him—I cannot but believe that it is impossible
" to do justice without paying the party the interest
as well as the principal.
Mr. BAYA.RD. Mr. President, I am sorry to
say that I take a verv different view of this sub- '
ject from the honorable and distinguished Senator j
from North Carolina. I conceive that there was :
no outrage on the part of the Postmaster Gen- j
eral in the exercise of the authority which he did ,
exercise in reference to this contract; and though 1
I am willing to concede that the question is one of 1
doubt, vet it is by no means clear that the author- i
ity of the Postmaster General was not strictly
and regularly exercised according to law, under j
the stipulations of the contract. I will endeavor;
to present the case as briefly as I can, in order to j
show that there was no outrage. I think I shall
succeed at least m showing that if this is a case
for compensation at all. it is questionable; and
that it certainly is not a case for the allowance of
interest.
This claim, in the first instance, came before.
Congress at the second session of the Twenty-
fifth Congress, and then the committee were dis-
charged from its further consideration. At the
third session of the same Congress a bill was le-
ported; but at the first session of the Twenty-
sixth Consness the bill wc laid on the table. At
the fir?t session of the Twenty-eighth Congress
the committee were discharged from the cons,der-
ation. of the subject, and the bill for the relief of
the party was indefinitely postponed. This shows
at least that the opinion of the Senate then was i
adverse to the claim. The present view which i? 1
taken'of the case, in favor of the claim, is founded
on a report by the Committee on the Post Office 1
and Post Roads, made at this session of Congress !
on the same state of facts precisely that existed at |
the first session of the Twenty-eighth Congress, !
and on the same proof precisely, arriving at a dif- j
ferent conclusion as to the legal construction of j
one of the terms of the contract existing between ■
the Postmaster General and the petitioner. !
The case is not now to be passed upon for the j
first time. A petition was presented to Congress 1
based upon a similar clause m a contract—and a '
clause to which 1 will advert—for I have the con- >
tract here—under which the Postmaster Goneial, '
anterior to this time, had universally, without
hesitation, as a customary clause in these con- ■
tracts, exercised the power to curtail under the i
general power to put an end to the contract. That ;
clause was m these words:
" It mutually understood by the contracting parties,
that it the route, or any p,u t of the route i^eieiu mentioned, .
chilli be discontinued by act of Congress; or in the opinion '
oi the Po.-tum-ter Genua! become* u<< b-vc. or it aline of,
sa';e^ot steamboats shall be established on the whole, or
anv prut of it, w.ieie the innii is not >o earned under the ,
co.itkw t; then this- contiaof, oi .-neb pail of it. -dial] coaM->
to_ be binding on the Po«tnia-ter Getiei.V, he giving notice 1
' of «u( !i event, and making allowance ol one month's e.ura ,
; pay."
i There is also another clause of the contract
J which gives a right to alter the route, and theie
; is a clause reserving to the Postmaster General
| the right of annulling the contract in^case the con-
; tractor does not promptly adopt the alteration re-
quired, These are the distinct clauses of thecon-
, tract. These clauses had received a customary
1 construction down to and subsequent to the year
! J839. An application was made to Congress by
a Mr. Caldwell upon a precisely similar clause in
■ his contract, vvheie the Postmaster General ex-
; ercised the authority. Whatever motives may
have influenced the Postma^er General in exer-
cising the authority is not a question winch a fleets
the case It was a powpr entiiely within his
1 own discretion. Nothing appears m the order as
1 to the motives influencing him. The discretion
i confided to the Postmaster General was absolute,
and the order given assigned no reasons for it.
1 The terms of the order were, that the party should
discontinue the contract in a certain mode. Power
to curtail, under the general power to put an end
! to the contract, had been uniformly and constantly
exercised as the* true construction of that clause
; down to and subsequently even to the time when
! this contract was so curtailed. I admit that sub-
sequently to that time doubts having arisen in the
minds of some members of Congress, or of the
■ head of the Post Office Department—the power
havmg been questioned, theie has been, a new
clause inserted into the Post Office contracts,
which gives the express right to curtail. But
anterior to that, the clause to which I have alluded
j was the customary clause in the contracts. It is
certain that under that clause the Postmaster
General had been in the habit, in all cases, with-
out regard to parties, of exercising the right of
curtailment under the general riyht to put an end
to the contract. Upon the petition of Caldwell,
Congress passed a hill for his relief, and made the
measure of that relief to be dependent upon the
legality of the exercise of this power on the part of
the Postmaster General; that is to say, the ques-
tion was to be referred io the Attorney General of
the United States for his decision. It was so re-
ferred, and Mr. Leswre gave his written opinion,
contrary to the opinion entertained by the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina, sustaining the
oower of the Postmaster General under this clause
of the contract. 1 intend to read that opinion to
the Senate, because I think it is entitled to great
weight, and it will at least create a doubt in the
minds of Senators quite sufficient to remove ail
idea of outrage on the part of the Postmaster
General in the curtailment of this contract. It is
to be found m the opinions of the Attorneys
Geneial, page 1j63. It is m these words:
Office or tiif Attotixcy CJrntrw,, ^
Dct'ci.i'-.cr 31. 18S
Sir : In the ca^e of J, F Caldwell. refer'i d to nv\ under
the act of the la-r authouzmg \<~>u >o ;uui>i and
settle ht« account- tor eai ryii!<r certain nietU, a the Attor-
ney General shou'd he or opinion that the Po-am wer Gen-
etai had not the right, undei the contract with Caldwell, to
make the alienation* in the mode of traivpotting ibe math,
which were ordered bv the Department, f have the honor
to inform you that I have carefully considered tho subject,
, and am very clear that the Postmaster General had a rigbt3
t d"r section 10 of the contract, to make the change in
llOil.
' he light reserved to him, as between him and the eon-
- " tor. wa-j to discontinue the route if he deemed u useless.
, .'u|ipo-ve bun to have been guilty of incapacity, or even
' malversation, in discontinuing the route, the head of the
■ Depai fment was responsible only to Congress and the eonn-
| tsy. Ail thai the contractor had a right, in such a ea.*e, to
, demand of him, wa< notice of the event—that is, unques-
tionably—of his having detei mi ned ro discontinue the route,
; and the allowance of one month's extra pay. Any claim
; for damages be\ond that liquidated sum again?-! ihe Gov-
i eminent tor carnages and horses purchased and left on his
hand*, would have been, in cuch a case, cJeaiJy unfounded.
! Like the eieditoi who ha$ relied on a stipulated penalty, he
; get* hj> bond, and no more.
Now, what has the Department done in this1 case, and
b°en in the habit of doing ni nil similar eases? ft ha<? par-
tially discontinued the route; alms discontinued it for a
thud or half of the time, as {he cn*e may be ; and the ques-
tion i<, whcthei authority to do the is not implied m
that to do the gre.itei ? Were it not even in inritum, I
could -t ai cwlv doubt it was ; hut it i^ not ^o. The tuie in-
teifsretrnioij of the eontiaei, and tiie conduct of thy prime*,
is that it gave an option to the contractor, as soon a  he
received his notification that the Pos-tinaster General con-
.■odeied inm<eil no longer hound torenonme itcnlnely
, on ln< part, and leeeive lu> month V pay m advam e Clearly
i he had a right to do so. Ff he pieicn red going on wilh the
-ei wee on the new terms, he ha- nobody to blame bra hirn-
f-olf, it he ho paid only lor The fot vieos lie ha-* aclually ren-
■ dered the Government. Othenvise the case would stand
tlm-i: It the Postmaster General discontinued the route en-
titelv, ami «nve m> employment at all to the labor and cap
it a! p-vpaied lor performing fhr- contract, the chum ml iv«uil<3
be compelled to aequiCMe in tliis decision on receiving a
■ Hwonahie p.iv; fori he coatiactis oxpre^ to thai eli'ect,
and he lia-' nothing to do with the qneMion whether the dis-
cretion of the Postmaster Genetal was proneilv exercised
• or not, ail he might --.iv m such a crv-p would be iharmwsn
,; nhsque injm in. But because a new arr-iiureineiit, iirovuling
■ fot his emploympnf to a very considerable extent, and «o
'! diminishing the Joss or chances of io«s he incurs, was
- j ofl'eied him, he i' entitled to full damages foraN he sufTored
1| bv incomplete performance of the ougnial contract. Surely
1 s this were a solecism in law.
I The coiisfiuction or the contract which I have adopted,
: appuais to me. mdependentof .di |>iacuce oi precedem, the
. "mind .and reas-onable one ; and T regiet that I cannot eon-
cur in tiie view of thi^ subject taken bv the comimitee of
i the Uon-e in 1P38. Rut I have no doubt that the unifotiu
| practice of the Depaitment n u-t be considered a=5 impliedly
■ entering into the contract and making a port of it. (Beers
! i et ni. \<. IlHtzhton. 9 Pet.. 3 J:).) It a universal pnnciple
;1 and elemental y l ule of the law of comtaets that a conn act
i^ understood to contain the customary clause?, although
; j they are not expressed ; in contractions tnnte venitvnt qucs
[ sunt morit et coniuctutlinis.—(Evans's Pothier. 95.)
: | I have the honor to be, sdr, vour obedient servant,
i; H. S. liEOARE.
E. Whitti FSEYj .
■ ' Jiuihtor of the Post Ojice Depmtmcnt,
i Without meaning to go into the question of
I' whether, were this a new question, u would be a
nnittei of doubt; and without ^oing- into the ques-
! tion whether, in sucli a case, I should concur im
■; ttie opinion so ahjy stated by Mr. Le^are, taking
: the fact stated by him, that tins, as n customary
; clause in the contracts, h.">d been invariably so
, acted upon by the Depmtment, I hold its con-
struetion to be settled by that action—that the
power to cnrtml was incftided in the power to
i; abandon at the discretion of the Postmaster Gen-
i, eral. If that he so. the discontinuance can be no
; outrage. It may have been an error, if you will,
■' on the part of the Postmaster General,but surely
1 it cannot have been an outrage.
,! Snbseqoenf to this opinion, Caldwell again ap-
'! plied to Cons^re^K for teiief, and a hill was passed
;j providing for his relief. But it presents this re-
| markable feature, that there was one ad verse report
■'upon the claim, winch does not appear to be in
'j writing:, and then there was a favorable report,
;j also not in writing: so that there is no means of
■ knowing the reasons on which the allowance
!in that case was made, and the hill ultimately
' passed. P ut there is this irreat distinction between
I the case of Caldwell and the one nou before the
■ Senate: Caldwell protected at the time the contract
was curtailed, against the power of the Postmas-
■ tei General to do it. In this case the contractor
" assented to the exercise of the power. He dis-
■ ■ continued the mail for three days, which showed
that he assented; and, subsequent to that,because
I the surrounding inhabitants of the district and
the postmasters there cho-e to ask him to renew
' the transfioitation of the mail on Sundav he did
• so. it must be remembered that the question was
' whether the Sunday mail should be abrogated.
■ The inhabitants of the neighborhood found its
, suspension an inconvenience, and they prevailed
upon the contractor to go on and carry the mail,
. notwithstanding the fact that he had stopped it in
■ obedience to the order, and notwithstanding the
fact th.it the postmaster at Royalton had certified
;; to the Postmaster General, under date of the 3d
