786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12.
Mississippi mean when they assembled in conven-
tion and apnomted delegates to the Baltimore Na-
tional Convention? They meant, sir, to go into
that convention in good faith, and to act in good,
faith. We do not beiieve the Democratic party
is going to come up to oar standard of State-
Rights,°but we know they will come nearer up to it
than the Whig party; and we therefore intend to
go into the Democratic Convention, with an hon-
est purpose to support its nominees. We trust
you to make us fair and just nominations; and if
you do, we intend to support them. If I am asked
who the State-Rights Democrats of Mississippi
would sustain for the Presidency, I will answer,
they will sustain any good, honest, long-tried, and
faithful member of the Democratic party, who has
never practiced a fraud upon them.
I can tell you this, that in going into that con-
vention, the Democracy of Mississippi will not
ask from it an indorsement of their peculiar no-
tions—if, indeed, they be peculiar—on the subject
of State-Pughts.
Mr. CHASTAIN, (interrupting.) Let meask
the gentleman if he would vote for Mr. Cass? '
Mr. BROWN. If I were fo answer that ques- i
don, I might be asked by other gentlemen whether ;
I would vote for this man or that man. I do not [
choose to engage in any controversy about men. |
Sir, 1 was saying that we shall not ask at the :
hands of the Baltimore Convention an indorse-1
ment of our peculiar views on thesubject of State-
Rights—if indeed these views be peculiar. We
shall ask in the name of the State-Rights party no
place upon the national ticket—neither at its head
nor at its tail. And when we have aided you on
to victory, as we expect to do, we shall ask no
part of the spoils, for we are not of the spoil-loving
school.
W hat we ask is this: that when we have planted
a great principle, which we intend to nourish, and,
as far as we have the power, protect, you shall not
put the heel of the national Democracy upon it to
crush it. We ask that you shall not insult us in
your convention, either by offering us as the nomi-
nee a man who has denounced us as traitors to our
country, or by passing any resolutions which shall
thus denounce us in words or by implication.
Leave us free from taunt and insult; give us a fair
Democratic nomination, and we will march up to
it like men, and we will be, where we havealways
been in our Democratic struggles, not in the rear,
but in the advance column. We will bear you on
tovictoiy; and when victory has been achieved,
you may take the spoils and divide them among
yourselves. We want no office. Will the Union
party give this pledge5 Of course they will not, for
they are committed against your nominees in ad-
vance, unless certain demands of theirs shall be
complied with—and among them is the ostracism of
the State-Rights men. They propose to read out
the great body of the Southern Democrats, and
then" I suppose make up the deficiency with
Whigs. When the national Democracy relies on
Whig votes to elect its President, it had better
" hang its harp upon the willow."
The State-Rights Democrats will never be found
sneaking into any party. We ask nothing of our
national brethren. If we support the nominees, as
we expect to do, it will be done, not for pay, but
as a labor of love—love for old party associations;
love of principles, which we hope are not yet quite
extinct, and which, we are slow to believe, will
be extinguished at Baltimore. If we fail to sup-
port the nominees, it will be because they are such
as ought not to have been made.
We make no professions of love for the Union.
Let our acts speak. We have stood by the Con-
stitution and by the rights of the States, as defined
by our fathers. If this be enmity to the Union,
then have we been its enemies. We have not
made constant proclamation of our devotion to the
Union, because we have seen no attempt to destroy
it, and have therefore seen no necessity for defend-
ing it. The danger is not that the States will se-
cede from the Union, but rather that the Union
will absorb the reserved rights of the States, and
consolidate them as one State. Against this dan-
ger we have raised our warning voice. It has not
been heeded; and if disaster befall us from this
quarter, we at least are not to blame.
Laudation of the Union is a cheap commodity.
It is found on the tongue of every demagogue in
the country. I by no means say that all who
laud the Union are demagogues; but I do say that
there is not a demagogue in the Union who does
not laud it. It is the bone and sinew, the soul
and body of all their speeches. With them,
empty shouts for the Union, the glorious Union,
is a passport to favor; and Deyond the point of
carrying a popular election, they have no ideas of
patriotism, and care not a fig for the ultimate tri-
umph of our federative system.
Mr. Chairman, there are many other things to
which I should have been very glad to make allu-
sion, but 1 admonished that my time is so
nearly oat, that I can have no opportunity to take
up another point. I shall be happy, however,
in the few moments that remain of my time to an-
swer any questions that gentlemen may desire to
submit. I supposed, from the disposition mani-
fested by gentlemen a few moments ago to inter-
rogate me, that I should necessarily be compelled
to answer some questions, or seem to shrink from
<he responsibility of doing so. I therefore hurried
on to the conclusion of what I deemed it absolute-
ly necessary to say, for the purpose of answering
those questions. I am now ready.
After a moment's pause, Mr. B. continued: Gen-
tlemen seem not disposed to press their inquiries,
and my time being almost out, I resume my
seat.
Mr. WILCOX next obtained the floor, and said:
Really, sir, when my honorable friend rose toad-
dress the House upon Mississippi politics, I con-
fess the fact that a spirit of trepidation seized me.
I had been informed that I was to be devoured
this morning by my honorable friend—I sayfiiend,
for he is my friend, and as such I regard him.
But really the storm is passed, and here 1 am. His
missiles have been weak, and they have fallen
harmless at my feet.
The honorable gentleman takes the position that
this Disunion or Secession party in Mississippi
exists only as a mere chimera in the brains of cer-
tain men xn that State-—that it is only a chimera,
a mere phantom—that there is no party in favor
of disunion or secession in Mississippi, or in the
United States. I thought that gentleman had too
high a regard for truth to make a declaration so
baseless of truth.
Mr. BROWN. To prevent all misapprehen-
sion, I desire to ask my colleague if he means to
say that I have been guilty of a falsehood? For
that inference might be left upon the minds of
some by his language.
Mr. WILCOX. I have spoken explicitly
enough. My language will bear no misconstruc-
tion. None whatever.
Mr. BROWN. Do you mean to say that what
I have said is false?
Mr, WILCOX. If you say that there was no
party in Mississippi in favor of secession or dis-
union, you say what is false.
Here Mr. Brown, who was standing near Mr.
Wilcox, struck him in the face. The blow was
returned, and a violent personal conflict ensued
between the parties. The committee was in an
instant thrown into the greatest confusion. The
greater portion of the members left their seats and
rushed towards the scene of conflict. Loud and
continued cries for the Sergeant-at-Arms (who
was temporarily absent) to arrest the parties.
The chairman of the committee [Mr. Seymour,
of Connecticut] called to order in vain. In the
midst of the noise and excitement, Mr. Bayly, of
Virginia, moved that the committee rise; which
motion was put and carried. The chairman va-
cated, and the Speaker resumed the chair, and
called to order. The -disorder continuing, Mr.
Bayly, of Vuginia, demanded that the persons
creating the disorder should be arrested.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has sent for the
Sergeant-at-Arms.
[Loud cries of i( Order!" " Order!" and great
confusion.]
Mr. McLANAHAN. Has the chairman of
the committee reported?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear no prop-
osition until order is restored. The Sergeant-at-
Arms, and the officers of the House under him,
will perform their duty by uking into custody
those who are still disposed to be disoiderly.
After some minutes, the members who had re-
paired to the scene of action succceded in separa-
ting the parties in collision, and order was par-
tially restored; and
The chairman of the committee reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under consid-
eration the state of the Union generally, and par-
ticularly joint resolution No. 2, providing for the
continuation of the work on the extension of the
Capitol, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the usual resolu-
tion, that all debate in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the subject last
before it shall cease in half an hour after that com-
mittee shall have resumed its consideration.
[Cries of "No!" " No!"]
Mr. McLANAHAN. Is that motion debat-
able?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. McLANAHAN. Well,I hope the House
will not pass it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker 
[Cries of " Lay it on the table!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not want to lay it on
the table, for I am in favor of the resolution. But
I will suggest to the mover whether, as there was
a member upon the floor when the committee
rose, the House have the right to take from him
his hour. I hope the time will at least be pro-
longed, so as to cover that speech.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have no doubt of the
right of the House to stop debate, for it is usually
done when somebody is entitled to the floor. I
will modify the resolution, to extend the time to
onehour, however, if gentlemen desire it, and upon
that motion I call the previous question.
Mr. FICIiLIN. 1 would suggest to the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] has not been
heard in reply.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. My speech
was in reply to his.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I move that
this House do now adjourn.
The question was put, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLIN. Is it in order to move that
the resolution to close debate do lie upon the
table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. McMULLIN. I submit that motion.
Mr. STANLY. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The resolution was then reported, as follows:
Resolved, Thar all debate in Committee ot the Whole on
the state of the Union upon the resolution oftthe Senate
No. 17. to provide for the construction of the work on the
extension of the Capitol, shall cease in one hour artcr us
consideration isiesumed; and if the committee shall not
come to a conclusion sooner upon the same, it shall then
pioceed to vote upon such amendments as shall be pending
or offered to the same, and shall then repoit it to the House
with such amendments as may have been agreed upon by
the committee*
Mr. FITCH. If the debate be closed by the
resolution, will the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
the chairman of the select committee, [Mr. Mc-
Nair,] be er. titled to an hour under the rule to close
the debate?
The SPEAKER. He will not; but the gentle-
man from Kentucky, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, who
reported the bill, will be entitled to an hour.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and the
question being taken, the result was—yeas 78,
nays 102—as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, John Appleton,
Avfiietr, Beale, Bragg, Breckmnd^e, Buell, E Camngton
Cabell, Joseph fable, Thompson Campbell, Caskie, Chan-
dler, Claik, Cleveland, Couman, Cuius, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Dnnmick, Doty, Dunham, Edsrerton, Ficklin,
Flo}d, Herny M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giddmgs,
Gilniore, Sarhpj-on W. Harris, Ilendnoks, Henn, Hi I Iyer,
Holladay, Thomas Y. How, Ive>, Jenkins, John Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, Geo. W. Jones, J. Glauoy Jon<j«, Preston
King, Kurtz.Landry, Letchei, Lockhart,Mace,McDonald,
MeLanahan, MeMullin, McNan, Meade, Molony, Morri-
son, Murray, Nabors, Orr, Andrew Paiker, Pea^lee, Penn,
Folk, Rantout, Bobbins, Savage, Scurry, Onjren S. S<;y-
Aiour, Skelton, Smart, Abr'm P. Steven?!. Alexander II.
Stephen!?, Thaddeu-* Stevens, Sti.uton, George W. Thomp-
son, Townshend, Wallace, Alexander White, Wildnek,
and Woodward—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton, Ashe,Thoa,
II. Bayly, Barrerc, Bartlett, Bell, Bennett, BHughaus,
Bowne, John II. Boyd, Brenton, Brigg«, Brooks, Alheit
G. Brown, Bui rows, Busby, Lew is D. Campbell, Caitter,
Chapman, Chastain, ChuielnvHI, Clingman, Cobb, Col-
coek, Cullom. Daniel, Doekery, Duncan, Durkee, Eastman,
Edmundson, Evans, Ewmg, Faulkner, Fitch, Floience,
Fowlei, Gaylord, Goodenow, Gieen, Grey, Grow, Hamil-
ton, Haiper, [-ham G. Harris, Haws>, Ha^call, Haven,
Ilebard, Ehbbard, Hereford, Houston, Hovvaid, Thomas
M. Howe, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, James Johnson,
Robert W. Johnson, George G. Kinn, Humphrey Marshall,
, Mason, McCorkle, McQueen, Miller, Heury D. Moore,
