xrv
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
niture, including carpeting, labor, and miscellane-
ous items, two thousand dollars.
For expenses of arranging document rooms and
preserving files of papers, one thousand dollars.
For contingencies incident to the bounty land
service, one thousand four hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fourth Auditor:
For books and binding, six hundred dollars.
For printing, fifty dollars.
For labor, one hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Fifth Auditor:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For labor, one hundred and seventy-five dol-
lars.
For miscellaneous items, three hundred and fifty
dollars.
In the office of the Treasurer:
For blank-books, binding, labor, stationery,
and printing, one thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
In the office of the Register:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, two
thousand five hundred dollars.
For blank certificates of the registers of vessels,
blank enrollments and licenses, five hundred dol-
lars.
For arranging and binding canceled marine
papers returned by the collectors, one thousand
dollars.
For copper-plate printed certificates of registers
of vessels and crew list, four thousand dollars.
For labor and other miscellaneous items, one
thousand dollars.
In the office of the Solicitor:
For blank books, binding, stationery, printing
eirculars and blank forms of reports of district at-
torneys, clerks of courts, and marshals, and for
labor, one thousand and fifty dollars.
For statutes and reports, including those of the
several States, one thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two hundred dollars.
In the office of the Commissioner of Customs:
For blank books, binding, stationery, printing,
and labor, one thousand seven hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, three hundred dollars.
Southeast Executive Building.—For compensation
of the superintendent and eight watchmen of the
Southeast Executive Building, four thousand five
hundred dollars.
For contingent expensesof said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, and lights, fourteen thousand
five hundred dollars.
For rent of additional buildings for the accom-
modation of officers of the Treasury Department,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For fuel, watching, and miscellaneous items for
the same, four thousand dollars.
Department of the Interior.—For compensation
of the Secretary of the Interior, and the clerks,
messengers, and laborers, iti his office, twenty -four
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
Gener.il Land Office, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, and packers in his office,
ninety-eight thousand eight hundred and six dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, and assist-
ant messenger in his office, twenty-six thousand
two hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, and the clerks and messengers in his office,
eighteen thousand eight, hundred dollars.
For compensation to temporary clerks employed
in the office of the Comimssionerof Pensions, one
hundred thousand dollars: Provided, That no clerk
shall receive more than at the rate of three dollars
thirty-three and one third cents per day, except
two whose compensation shall be twelve hundred
dollars per annum: Provided farther. That the said
limitation shall extend to the appropriation for a
like purpose contained in the act to supply defi-
ciencies m the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the thirtieth June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, approved July twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, instead of the
proviso thereto.
Contingent expenses of the Department of the In-
terior—
In the office ®f the Secretary of the Interior:
For stationery, printing, binding, furniture, and
repairs, subscription to newspapers, introducing
gas into the Patent Office, fuel, and other contin-
gencies, seven thousand dollars.
For library books and maps, one thousand
dollars.
In the General Land Office:
For compensation of laborers, two thousand
dollars.
For cash system and military patents under laws
prior to act of twenty-eighth of September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty, patent and other records,
tract books, blank books, and blank forms, for the
district land offices, binding plats, field notes, and
stationery, office furniture, and repairs of the
same, including carpets for rooms and miscellane-
ous items, twenty-three thousand seven hundred
and ten dollars.
To meet further requirements of the act " grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States," approved the twenty-eighth
of September, eighteen hundred and fifty, for pat-
ent and other records, parchment, blank forms of
returns, &c., twenty-eight thousand dollars.
In theoffice of Commissioner of Indian Affairs:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, one
thousand dollars.
For labor, two hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, eight hundred dollars.
In the office of the Commissioner of Pensions:
For stationery, printing blank forms and regu-
lations, furniture, binding books, and miscellane-
ous items, sixteen thousand dollars.
War Department.—For compensation of the Sec-
retary of War, and the clerks, messenger, and
assistant messenger in his office, seventeen thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the clerk and messenger
in the office of the Commanding General, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Adjutant General, ten thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartermaster General, twelve
thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of Clothing and Equipage in Philadel-
phia, four thousand and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Paymaster General, nine thou-
sand nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, six thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of one additional clerk in the'
office of the Commissary General of Subsistence,
one thousand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, five thousand
nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, three thou-
sand six hundred and fifty dollars.
l<\>r compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, eie-lu thou-
sand six hundred and fifty dollais.
For compensation of the cleiks and messenger
in the Bureau of Topographical Engineers, four
thousand nine hundred dollars.
Contingent expenses of the War Department—
In the office of the Secretary of War:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor, and
printing, one thousand four hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For books, maps, and plans, one thousand dol-
lars.
For extra eleilcs, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, five hundred and fifty
dollars.
In the office of the Commanding General:
For miscellaneous items, three hundred dollars.
In the office of the Adjutant General:
For printing Army Register, general orders,
circulars, <&c., seven hundred dollars.
For blank books, binding, and stationery, five
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, including office furni-
ture, three hundred dollars.
In the office of the duartermaster General,
including the office at Philadelphia:
For blank books, binding, and stationery, s'-ven
hundred dollars.
For labor, one hundred and fifty dollars.
For printing, two hundred dollars.
For office rent at Philadelphia, five hundred
dollars.
For miscellaneous items, four hundred dollars.
In the office of the Commissary General of
Subsistence:
For blank books, binding, printing, stationery,
advertising, and labor, three thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
In the office of the Chief Engineer:
For blank boolfs, binding, stationery, and print-
ing, six hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, including subscriptions
to two daily Washington newspapers, four hun-
dred dollars.
In the office of the Surgeon General:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and print-
ing, two hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one hundred and fifty
dollars.
In the Bureau of Topographical Engineers:
For blank books, binding, stationery, and labor,
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Northwest Executive Building.—For compensa-
tion of the superintendent and four watchmen of
the Northwest Executive Building, two thousand
two hundred and fifty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, and light, two thousand four
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one thousand dollars.
Building corner of F and Seventeenth streets.—For
rent of house on northwest corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, and warming all the rooms in it,
twenty-one thousand eight hundred and seventy-
five dollars.
For compensation of superintendent and four
watchmen of the building corner of F and Seven-
teenth streets, two thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, five hundred and forty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, eight hundred and
sixty dollars.
•Miry Department.—For compensation of the
Secretary of the Navy, and the clprks, messenger,
and assistant messenger in his office, twenty-two
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Construction, Equipment, and Repairs, and the
clerks, draughtsman, and messenger in his office,
thirteen thousand six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief naval constructor
and the engineer-in-chief, six thousand dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Ordnance and Hydrography, and the clerks,
draughtsman, and messenger in his office, nine
thousand four hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the B .reau of
Navy-yards and Docks, and of the civil engineer,
draughtsman, clerks, and messenger in his office,
twelve thousand six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
m the Buieau of Provisions and Ciothin"-, seven
thousand three hundred dollars.
^For compensation of the chief of the Bureau of
Medicine and .Surgery, and the assistant to chief,
clerks and messenger in his office, seven thousand
seven hundred dollars.
Contingencies of the .Xlivy Department.
^ For contingencies of the Navy Department, and
all the bureaus connected therewith, viz :
For blank books, binding, stationery, printing,
labor, newspapers, periodicals, and miscellaneous
items, six thousand Time hundred and thirty dol-
lars.
Southwest Excadire Building.—For compensa-
tion of the superintendent and three watchmen of
the Southwest Executive Building, one thousand
seven hundred and fifty dollars.
For an additional watchman of (he Southwest
Executive Building, five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For fuel, three hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For fuel and lights, one thousand three hundred
and fifty dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one thousand one hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
