THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• xv
Post Office Department.—For compensation of
the Postmaster General, three Assistant Postmas-
ters Genera], and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messengers, and watchmen of said Department,
one hundred and one thousand nine hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation of one additional clerk in the
office of the Postmaster General one thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of the superintendent of the
Post Office Building, two hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
Contingent expensesofthe Post Office Department.—
For blank books, binding, stationery, fuel, for
the General Post Office Building, oil, gas, and can-
dles, printing, labor, day watchmen, and for mis-
cellaneous expenses, twelve thousand five hundred
dollars.
For repairs of the General Post Office Building,
for office furniture, glazing, whitewashing, and for
keeping the fire-places and furnaces in order, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Auditor of the Post Office Department.■—'For com-
pensation of the Auditor of the Post Office Depart-
ment, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant
messenger in his office, one hundred and three
thousand two hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said office, viz:
For blank books, binding, stationery, labor,
printing blanks and circulars, nine thousand seven
hundred dollars.
For miscellaneous items, one thousand fivehun-
dred dollars.
Mint of the United States.
At Philadelphia, viz:
For salaries of the director, treasurer, chief
coiner, melter, and refiner, engraver, assayer, as-
sistant assayer, and their clerks, twenty-one thou-
sand dollars.
For wages of workmen, fifty thousand dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing fuel, materials, stationery, water-rent, repairs,
and wastage, in addition to other available funds,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be reserved
at the Mint, three hundred dollars.
At Charlotte, North Carolina:
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen and watchmen, four
thousand one hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses, including wastage of
gold, fuel, materials, stationery, and repairs, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
At Dahlonega, Georgia:
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollais,
For wages of workmen, three thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, one thousand four hundred dollars.
At New Orleans, Louisiana.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, assay-
er, coiner, melter, and refiner, and clerks, seven-
teen thousand three hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, thirty-five thousand
seven hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing fuel, materials, stationery, water-rent, repairs,
and wastage, in addition to other available funds,
forty-five thousand two hundred dollars.
For new machinery, twenty-four thousand dol-
lars.
For the proportion due by said Mint for square
block paving from Esplanade to Barrack streets,
to be paid to Thomas Ilynes, twelve hundred
and sixty-five dollars and forty cents.
Government in the Territories.
Territory of Oregon.—For salaries of governor,
three judges, and secretary, ten thousand five
hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, nineteen'
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
Territory of Minnesota.—For salaries of govern-
or, superintendent of Indian affairs, three judges
and secretary, nine thousand seven hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
158
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of New Mexico.—For salaries of gov-
ernor, superintendent of Indian affairs, threejudges
and secretary, nine thousand seven hundred dol-
lars.
For contingent expenses of Said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
For compensation of the acting secretary of the
Territory of New Mexico, from the fifth of April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, to the twentieth
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, four hun-
dred and twenty-five dollars.
Territory of Utah.—For salaries of governor, su-
perintendent of Indian affairs, three judges and
secretary, nine thousand seven hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Judiciary.—For salaries of the Chief Justice of
the Supreme Court and eighteen associate judges,
forty-one thousand dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, seventy-two
thousand dollars And the district judge of the
northern district of California, until otherwise pro-
vided by law, shall be judge of the southern dis-
trict in that State, with an additional annual com-
pensation of fifteen hundred dollars, so long as he
discharges the duties of both districts. And an
appeal from all final judgmenfs and decrees ren-
dered in any of the district courts in California, in
cases of equity, of admiralty, and maritime juris-
diction, and of prize or no prize, when the matter
in dispute, exclusive of cost, shall exceed the sum
or value of two thousand dollars, shall be allowed
to the Supreme Court of the United States, and
upon such appeal the like proceedings shall be
had as now provided by law on appeals in like
cases from the judgment or decrees of the circuit
courts to the Supreme Court of the United States.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the District
of Columbia, the associate judges, and the judges
of the criminal court and orphans' court, eleven
thousand two hundred dollars.
For salaries of the Attorney General, and the
clerks and messenger in his office, ten thousand
three hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of the office of the
Attorney General, five hundred dollars.
For salary of the Reporter of the Decisions of the
Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred dol-
lars, for each volume published by the direction of
the Supreme Court.
For compensation of the district attorneys, eight
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation of the marshals, seven thou-
sand four hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of (he supreme, cir-
cuit, and district courts of the United States, in-
cluding the District of Columbia, also for jurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
fines, penalties, and forfeitures, incurred in the
fiscal year ending Junethirtieth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, and previous years, and likewise
for defraying the expenses of'suits m which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecutions
for offenses committed against the United States,
and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, six hundred
and thirty thousand dollars.
That the Secretary of the Interior be, and he is
hereby, directed to examine the claim presented by
the county of Des Moines, in the State of Iowa,
for the expenses of the United States district court,
which were paid by said county prior to the first
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
forty-four; and if, upon such examination, he is
satisfied that prior to the first day of January, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-four, the said
county has paid money which, in accordance with
the instructions of the First Comptroller of the
Treasury, dated December nineteenth, one thou-
sand eight hundred and forty-three, should have
been paid by the marshal of the United States for
said Territory, he is directed to audit and allow
the game:'Provided,- That the amount thus allowed
shall not exceed the sum of twelv-e' thousandidol-
lars, which is hereby appropriated for that pur-
pose.
Surveyors General and their clerks.—For compen-
sation of the Surveyor General northwest of th.e
Ohio, and the clerks in his office, eight thousand
three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Surveyor General of
Illinois and Missouri, and the clerks in his office,,
five tiiousand eight hundred arid twenty dollars,
.For compensation of the Surveyor General of
Louisiana, and the clerks in bis office, four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Surveyor General of
Florida, and the clerks in his office, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Surveyor General of
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Surveyor General of
Arkansas, and the clerks m his office, eight thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Surveyor General of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, six thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Surveyor General of
California, and the clerks in his office, eighteen
-thousand five hundred dollars.
For clerks in the offices of the Surveyor Gen-
eral, including the office in Oregon, to be appor-
tioned to them according to the exigencies of the
public service, and to be employed in transcribing
field notes of surveys for the purpose of preserv-
ing them at the seat of government, thirty-three
thousand dollars.
Light-House Establishment.—For supplying light-
houses, containing three thousand two hundred
and seventy-two lamps, with oil, tube-glasses,
wicks, bufiskins, whiting, and cotton cloth, trans-
portation, and other expenses on the same, and
for repairing and keeping in repair the lighting
apparatus, one hundred and eighty-two thousand
three hundred and thirty dollars and seventy-eight
cents.
For repaira and incidental expenses, refitting
and improvements of light-houses and buildings
connected therewith, one hundred and ten thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty-seven dollars.
For salaries of three hundred and twenty-one
light-house keepers and twenty-four assistants,
(twenty-four of them charged with double lights,
and two with triple lights,) and including one
thousand two hundred dollars for salary of an in-
spector of lights on the upper lakes, one hundred
and thirty-six thousand seven hundred and eigh-
teen dollars and thirty-three cents.
For salaries of forty-two keepers of light-boats,
twenty-three thousand dollars.
For seamen's wages, repairs and supplies of
light-boats, one hundred and three thousand six
hundred and sixty-four dollars and fifty-two cents.
For expenses of weighing and mooring, cleans-
ing and repairing, and supplying losses of beacons,
buoys, chains, and anchors, fifty-nine thousand
and fifty-seven dollars and thirty-two cents.
For commissions at two and a half per centum
to such superintendents as are entitled to the same
under the proviso to the act of March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one, entitled" An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of Government for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and for
other purposes," on the amount that may be dis-
bursed by them, eight thousand dollars.
For expenses of superintendents in visiting
light-houses annually, and reporting their condi-
tion, two thousand dollars.
For the erection of a light-house on Seahorse
Key, in Florida, in addition to eight thousand
dollars appropriated by the act of September
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and fifty, four
thousand dollars.
For the completion of the light-house of the
third class at Red Fish Bar, Galveston Bay,
Texas,five thousand dollars.
For rebuilding the light-house at Cape St. Bias,
in Florida, twelve thousand dollars.
For expenses of coloring and numbering all the
buoys, under the act of September twenty-eight,
eighteen hundred and fifty, twelve thousand dol-
lars.
For the additional expense incurred for fog-sig-
aals, authorized by the act of twenty-eighth of
