1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
which the honorable gentleman saw fit to sub-
mit. I simply ask to say to my Democratic
friends to-day, that 1 have always been a Demo-
crat—-that I have never hedged to the right or the
left, but am a Tennessee Democrat. The first les-
sons of Democracy that I ever learned were from
the late lamented James K. Polk of Tennessee,
and the first political speech that I ever delivered
in my life, when a boy, was written by that im-
mortal statesman. I was raised in Tennessee. I
love her statesmen, I love her politics, and I re-
joice to say this morning that I stand with her
upon these questions-—that I stand with the Democ-
racy of Tennessee upon the late compromise
measures passed by the Congress of the United
States. Here, sir, is her platform. I hold it in
my hand. I went to Mississippi to seek out an
honest livelihood; shortly after having been in that
State I took the stump as a speaker of the Demo-
cratic paity, and labored arduously in the cam-
paign of 1844, and afterwards in 1848. I have
ever been a faithful, uncompromising, unjnelding*
Democrat. I was elected secretary of the Senate
of that State, and reelected, as a Democrat. When
our country was involved in war with Mexico, it
was charged upon the Democratic party as being
a Democratic war, and that that immortal states-
man of Tennessee had plunged us into it, not-
withstanding my patriotism was excited, yet lam
free to confess that my partisan predilections
coerced and compelled me to offer my services in
behalf of my country—to fight this country out of
that Democratic war.
The gentleman seems to think that I now
stand outside of the Democratic party. Why,
it is known to everybody that these compromise
measures were Democratic measures, notwith-
standing they received the support and advocacy
of the Whigs; but the majority of members ad-
vocating and voting for these measures were
Democrats. Now, let us see how I stand. I
look north of Mason and Dixon's line, and I see
all the great statesmen of the North, including
Mr. Buchanan, Mr. Seymour, Mr. Clifford, Mr.
Dallas, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Dickinson—ay,
sir, all the great statesmen of the Democratic
party—not only indorsing, but acquiescing in
every feature of that compromise. I look South,
and I find distinguished Southern Democrats sus-
taining and acquiescing in the compromise mea-
sures. Further, I find that every convention of
the Democratic party that has met since the pas-
sage of the compromise have indorsed it. I ac-
quiesce in these compromise measures. My
Democracy prompts me to acquiesce in them
as a final settlement. In doing so, I have not
lost my identity with the great national Demo-
cratic party of the United States. I delivered a
speech a few days ago, in which I endeavored
to be bold and pointed, reviewing Mississippi
politics. I spoke from the record. I spoke
from the message of the Governor, as submitted
to the Legislature of the State. I spoke from the
history of that State, and quoted article upon
article fiom the press of that State, and yet the
honorable gentleman from Mississippi proceeds
to answer my address—contradicting what I have
said. So far as General Quitman is concerned,
he says he had it from the mouth of that gentle-
man that he did r.ot oppose General Jackson.
Now, I want no further difficulty or collision
with that honorable gentleman, but I feel proud
that I have here with me, upon the present occa-
sion, some old documents, and they are danger-
ous things. I feel proud that I can submit to this
House the address of the Democratic party of
Mississippi, put forth to the people of that State,
in which General Quitman is charged with being
a nullifier and a secessionist; the author of the
nullification and secession addresses; the presi-
dent of their meetings; the warm personal and
political friend of Mr. Adams; with supporting
him m 1824 and 1828; and as the bitter and un-
qualified enemy of General Jackson up to 1836.
Here is the address of the Democratic party of
the State of Mississippi. Let the gentleman join
issue with the Democratic party of the State of
Mississippi upon that point. Why did not Gen-
eral Quitman, in those days, when our country
was m peril and danger, deny these things - They
never were denied; and for the fust time have I
ever heard that he was not the supporter of Mr.
Adams.
But the honorable gentleman raises a great hue
and cry about th« mixed ticket of the Union party
in the State of Mississippi, Pie studiously avoids
sayinganylhingabout the mixed ticket of "his own
party-—of State-Rights secession Whigs beingf
nominated for the convention and the Legislatur™
by Democratic State-Rights conventions. He says
nothing about his party abandoning the Demo-
cratic doctrine of free trade—of excluding by legis-
lative enactment all goods manufactured north of
Mason and Dixon's line. He says nothing about
a Democratic State-R ights secession Senate electing
the honorable John J. Guion, an open and avowed
Whig, President of the Senate, on account of his
indorsement of the secession, disunion doctrines of
the State-Rights party—and nothing about having
run him afterwards for Chancellor of the State.
Yes, sir, a secession Senate, contrary to the usages
and customs of the party, elected a Whig Presi-
dent of the Senate, who became Governor of the
State on the resignation of Governor Quitman.
For the first time in nineteen years Mississippi
was placed under the rule of a Whig Governor—
and that, too, by a secession Senate, a majority
of whom were Democrats. May 1 not be per-
mitted to exclaim with the Scotch bard
il 0 wad some power the giftie gie us
To see oursels as ithers "ee u*!
1 Twad frae mony a blunder free us,
An' foolish notion."
Here, sir, was an example set by a Democratic
Senate; which Senate now refuses to go into the
election of a United iStates Senator for the long
term, riding over the constitution and laws of the
State, and standing out in perverse opposition to
the express wishes of the people. If this is De-
mocracy, God save me from such Democracy!
Throughout my whole speech I spoke from the
record. Did I stand with the Democracy of my
State in 1834? What was Democracy then, should
be good Democracy now. In that day and hour,
when our country was imperiled in consequence
of the doctrines of secession and nullification which
were running riot throughout our country, the
Democratic party of the State (and here is the jour-
nal) ofMississippi that metin convention to sustain
General Jackson, denounced the doctrine of nulli-
fication and secession as a heresy unknown to the
Constitution. I plant myself upon those resolu-
tions. Here are the journals also of the Legisla-
ture that assembled—the Democratic Legislature;
it sustained General Jackson, his proclamation
and all. I stand upon those resolutions, and the
Union party of the State of Mississippi stand upon
those resolutions.
But the honorable gentleman says there was no
Disunion party in Mississippi; there was no
party there in favor of secession! Why, I refer you
to my address delivered a few days ago. I now
say that whoever in, this House, or elsewhere,
says that there was no such party in the State of
Mississippi in favor of disunion, misconceives the
history of the country. Upon (his question the
honorable gentleman'and myself differ; his im-
pressions are to the contrary. What are the facts5
There was a large Democratic State-Rights seces-
sion dinner given to General Quitman, at which
there were thousands of persons assembled. At
that meeting a letter was received from Colonel
Pickens, of South Carolina, in which we find the
following:
" Are we to stand by and pee these monstrous outrages
peipetrated. and raise no arm for lesistance ? Is Mississippi
to stand by and s av to South Carolina, Strike, but we can-
not5 Hid she stand back at Buena Vi^ta for any one to
lead? No! She flashed her gleaming saber high over the
penlous ridge of battle, and her waving plume led where ;;
death and danger stood. Jt may become her sacred duty ;
to walk the plank alone; and if so, I trnst&he will walk it hke t
a queen that never quailed before earthly power, although ;
itmd\ lead ovei a gulf of fire and blood. We have but one j
patb to tread—the path of dutv. lead wheie it may. Mis- 1
sis sip pi, with such men as Clunman and Davi* to lead her |
to the brcach, can do anything Phe date to maintain her j
lights. Btave men can cut their way to independence, if j
needs be, with swoid in haivh" i
He concludes with this sentiment: !
f< Mississippi and South Carolina: Mav they at
present entwine for themselves, as .-isters, a en ic wreath as ]
imperishable and as gionous as the bright i«nno of their !
gallant sonw that io<e in splendor from the"plains of Buena j
Vista and Churubusco."'
When this letter was read, it was received with !
shouts of approbation. About the time ot this j
celebrated Quitman festival, a similar one was i
holden in South Carolina. This toast was given:
*' Johv A. qritkan . The first President of the Southern
Republic, m all the illustrious line to follow imn^there
never will be found a clearer head or a braver heart."
Yet the honorable gentleman rises in his place
upon this floor, and says that there was no paity
in Mississippi in favor of secession or disunion.
Again, one of the judges of the high court of
errors and appeals of Mississippi, when address-
ing: aState-Rights convention, was reported.tohave-
said, "that he thanked his God that there was no
such a God in his political pantheon as the Union
God."
Why, the history of the country does not com-
port with the remarks which the gentleman has
made. I care not for the impression which has
been made upon his mind. He may have his im-
pression of the facts, but I recollect the newspa-
pers of the day charged iiim with saying, " I call
God to witness, that I am for resistance;" and he
called upon the people of his district " to trust to
God and keep their powder dry."
During my canvass upon one occasion, while I
was addressing the people, and calling upon them
to submit as good citizens to the laws of their
Government, two hundred men upon horses sur-
rounded the place where I was speaking, with a
banner unfurled to the breeze. Was it the old
star-spangled banner of our country? Oh, no,
not at all. It was a flag with two stripes upon it—
one for Mississippi and one for South Carolina.
And in the midst of my speech three cheers were
given by them for South Carolina and three cheers
for Mississippi. No disunion party in the State
ofMississippi!—no secession party in the State
of Mississippi! I have heard men, in my own
State, of this party, hurl imprecations upon this
Government, sayingitshould he sunk fifty fathoms
in hell. No party in favor of disunion—in favor of
secession '
If I had time, I could read you resolutions from
almost every county m the State, where this par-
ty took the ground, if the North refused to run
the line of 3C° 30' through California, lint they
were in favor of the dissolution of the Union. I
referred you to those resolutions in port the other
day; and yet, with those resolutions, the message
of Governor Quitman, and the proceedings of the
convention of the State ofMississippi, before the
honorable gentleman's eyes, he says there was no
party in the State of Mississippi in favor of se-
cession or disunion. 1 have seen meetings, time
and time again, where they had their transparen-
cies with "Secession and Southern Confederacy
written upon them.
The honorable gentleman asks me some ques-
tions. He asks me if I was ever in favor of the
Virginia and Kentucky resolutions? Did I in-
dorse the Virginia and Kentucky resolutions ? Oh,
yes, with all my heart I have ever indorsed those
resolutions. The gentleman cannot with any pro-
priety refer to those resolutions to sustain his
sinking cause. The doctrine of the peaceable and
constitutional right of a State to secede from the
Union cannot be deduced from them. It would
be a shameful penersion not only of the spirit
but the very letter of those resolutions. The au-
thor of them, in 1833, with all the amplitude of
| his power, and the profundity of his vast concep-
tions, reviewed them, and what was the conclu-
sion to which he came1 He said this constitu-
! tional right was wholly unwarranted, and that
secession was an extra and ultra constitutional
: remedy. These are facts of such public notoriety
that th'ey cannot be gamsayed. It is m the recul-
: lection of the older members of this House, that
these resolutions were adopted in consequence of
' the passage of certain obnoxious acts of Congress.
1 And these resolutions amounted to nothing more
; than a simple protest by the parties aggrieved, so
as to produce a lepeal of those measures or obtain
amendments of the Constitution. Every State in
the Union indorsed and responded to them. I defy
any gentleman to point to a single State which, in
responding to them, "hinted at anything being
contained in them looking, however remotely, to-
wards secession."
Mr. Jefferson agreed with Mr. Madison; and
then* ioim opinion is contained in Mr. Madison s
letter to Mr. Everett, in 1P33. I would refer that
honorable gentleman to this letter, and if he would
read it, it would prrve use'ul to him. But the
honorable gentleman says that he will not ask the
Baltimore Convention to indorse his peculiar view s
of the doctrine of State-Rurhis. Oh no, I do not
think he will. I do not chink that the gentleman
will have the effrontery—1 speak it in no unkind
s6r.Se—-to rise in that body and request the passage
