1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
most intelligent, the most impartial, and the most
reliable that can be obtained—then the foundations
of this extension are amply sufficient to sustain a
greater weight than they will be required te bear—
that they are better foundations than those of any'
public building in this city—better than those of
any public building ever erected in this country;
anci we have such testimony.
But, as I said before, my opinion is not changed
by this tridental excavation into this green wall.
I objected to this mode of examination, because it j
didnotaerord withmy viewsof propriety. I no not I
setup my views as a standard for other gentlfc- |
men. They may be better able to judge of such J
things than I arn. But I will sayt£at the exami- J
nation made by this special committee does not
m the slightest degree shake my confidence in this |
work. ;
Now, as to the quality of the stone of which the  
foundations are composed, we have had it tested j
and the learned professor, who appliedJthe test, ;
says that it is not only capable of sustaining the ;
weight of the superstructure that is to be placed ;
upon it, but that it is capable of sustaining a pres- J
sure one hundred times as great. And all the [
architects who examined the foundations con- '
curred in the opinion that they were capable, at |
least, of sustaining ten times the weight that is ;
proposed to be placed upon them. So much for j
the material. j
jSTow, as to the lime. It was testified that the i
lime used from Seeley's mountain, was the best j
lime in the country, that it is used upon the pub- ;j
h<v works by General Stuart, the Chief Engineer !i
of the United States, in preference to any other. !
But it is not to be expected that this mortar bed- :
ded two feet in the wall, placed there since the i
commencement of this session of Congress, with [i
severe frosts every night, should become dry by I
this time. If it had, it would only have proved, ■
according to the best authorities upon the subject, ;
its inferiority. i,
But let me go further. This work was all done
by the clay. Every man employed on it was em- j
ployed m that manner. Is there any assignable \ '
motive that could have induced these men to have |,
laid up the walls hastily, carelessly, or inade- |j
quately? Again, the principal architect holds the i|
highest rank in his profession. He has probably (j
had a larger experience in the erection of costly j;
edifices t'vn any other man of his age in theUni- 'I
;ed State*. It will satisfy gentlemen in regard to jj
his competency to perform thework assigned him, j;
to be told that the Girard College, in the city of !
Philadelphia—that grand and massive structure— j
was erected under Ins superintendence. And the I
superintendents under him are men of the largest j
experience, fully competent for the discharge of j
their duties, and were constantly present during !
the progress of the work. And gentlemen of this •
c\ty—architects—who testified before the commit- j
tee", stated that they knew many of the masons ;
employed, and that they were good and faithful '
workmen. Now, what conceivable motive could :
these men have had to slight this work ? I should ,
hesitate to set up my opinions in this caseagainst
those of practical and scientific men. And if this
committee, on conferring together, had expressed :j
doubts of the stability of the work, J would have 1!
proposed that they should submit their excavation 1
in the wall to the examination of some of the most ; 1
intrlhgentandpiactical of the gentlemen who were i;
cctlled tn testify? before they ventured, on their j;
own judgment, to report that these walls were in-
sufficient, and in a dreadful condition. And I
greutlv regretted that the chairman of the special
committee saw fit to introduce 0 statement, ap- 51
pareml v designed to awaken the distrust and pre- i
l yd ice the minds of members. "With wh:>t other ;j
slew did he state that the money appropriated was
drawn and disbursed by the architect, and hmo^
he did not kn w; 44 and 'that the matter deserved •
i^quirv?" Sir, if the architect disburses the 1
money, it is because the lawmaker it his duty. ;
The committee did not deem it their duty to in- ,i
vesti"ate how and for what the appropriation had ''
been°disburseih If they had made the inquiry,
they would have found it properly expended and ■,
duly a<<M>unfed lor, evezy cent. j
Mr. .STANTON, of Kentucky. Wilithegen- :
tlfiuan fiuin Massachusetts allow me to interrupt '
hiiti f;,-r a moment1 bold in my nand a letter
C'omotroller of (he Treasury—r. "W hit-
the architect. dated the 10th of lebrii-
ary, in which he says all the'money has been
accounted for. I ask that the letter may be
read. ' ;
The letter was read, as follows: i
Treasury Department, ? |
Comptroller's Otfice, February 10, 1852. ) j
Sir : Your account for the extension of the Capitol from |.
August 2d to the 31st December, 1851, has been adjusted at ji
the'Treasury, and a balance of §3,494 98 found to be due -;
from you to the United States, which agrees with your !•
account. Very respectfully, M
ELISHA WHITTLESEY, Comptroller.
Thomas IT. Walter, E*q., ,,
•Architect for the Extension of the Capitol. '■
Mr. DUNCAN. The architect very freely sub- "
mitted to the committee his books, containing pro- ;
posals and bids, his contracts, and ail the papers |
connected with the work; and would, with equal >
freedom, have submitted a statement of expendi-
ture, if they had requested it. Thai architect was
a stranger to me until the present session; but I do ; j
not hesitate to say that in ability, in fidelity, and I
in integrity-, he is not surpassed by any man in n
the United States. I would as readily place the j|
disbursement of all the money necessary to the;'
completion of this Capitol in his hands, as in the jj
hands of any man or set of men that could be !:
selected to perform that trust. But this is a matter ;i
which depends altogether on the law of Congress, i j
They can place that disbursement where they see !j
fit. ji
Before X sit down, I wish to say a word about ]!
the appropriation proposed by the amendment of ||
the gentleman from Kentucky. During the last ji
Congress, different opinions were entertained in ij
regard to the expediency of making the proposed '
enlargement of the Capitol; but that Congress,!
decided to undertake the work, and voted an ap- j:
propriafion for its commencement. The work has ■,
been begun; a large sum has been expended; and ,
I presume it will go on. I presume no one is pre- 1
pared to say that the design shall now be ahnn-jj
doned. It should, then, be prosecuted with as j!
much expedition as is consistent with economy, i'
Who wishes to see these beautiful grounds incum- J,
bered for years with rubbish? I believe that, in
this case, expedition is economy. Let the work ;
go forward. The season—the most favorable sea- \
son m the year for work—has arrived; and the ;j
House should lose no time in making the requisite jj
appropriation. i]
Mr. WALLACE. Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to ;]
say a few words upon the subject embraced in the |
special order, and in reply to the sppech made ; j
yesterday by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stan-tow] I am a member, sir, of the special '[
committee, which that honorable gentleman has i
honored with his notice,in his own peculiar man- ,|
ner. J was appointed a member of that commit- j1
tee without my knowledge, consent, or procure-'
merit, and contrary to my desire, and 1 ha\e served
upon it with reluctance,"and from a sense of duty c
which I owe to this House as one of its members, i
and from what I conceived to be due to its presid- j
ing officer who placed me upon it. Until the gen-';
tlermm from Kentucky delivered his extraordinary 1
speech on yesterday, T did not fee! myself called ;
upon, at. this stage of the debate, to express any ;
opinion in reference to the sufficiency or iniuiE- f
ci'ency of the work which that committee iias been p
directed to inspect, and to report the facts which '
may be elicited to this House. I had supposed ;
that it would be time enough for me to mr.kt my
opinions known upon that subject when the report
of the committee shall be before this House for ,
its consideration and action. The course pursued \
by the gentleman from Kentucky lias made is ne- 1,
cessary for me to depart, in some degree, from :
thai luie of policy. Tn what 1 have to say, sir, 1
shall not imitate the example of the gentleman
from Kentucky. ! sliali not seek to elic.it the ,
plaudits of any class of persons who may effect a
lodgment in your galleries, for she purpose of in-
fluencing the acts and deliberations of this honors- 1
ble body, nor do I intend to follow the gentleman
from Kentucky through the ma/.es of his learned
dissertation upon the mechanical structure and ,i
perfectionof the Acropolis, the Coliiseum, and 'h0
cats, S'm the purpose of making a display ot :
, Vati , ... _
| my architectural learning as lie has done. That
I honorable gentleman has rny free assent and per-
mission to "go, whenever it may he agreeable to
. iiim do so,'with Volnev and Layi-nl, over the
; ruins of Greece and Rome, Memphis and Canh-
' age, Nineveh and Babylon, and t>> make to res
countrymen such report upon his discoveries as
may be most agreeable to him; and I assure him
that I shall not enter into competition with him
for the honor to be acquired by his antiquarian re-
searches? into the dusty memorials of past ages.
What J have to say relates particularly to the
things of the present age. And, sir, I deny that
that gentleman has the right, under the usages and
sanctions of parliamentary law, to rise in his place
here, and make a speech denunciatory of the opin-
ions of a committee of this House, before such
opinions have been pronounced and made known
by that committee.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me for one moment?
Mr. WALLACE. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has made his speeches here without inter-
ruption from me, and I do not intend to be inter-
rupted by him.
Mr. STANTON. Very well, I only wanted to
state a fact.
Mr. WALLACE. What right has he, sir, to
impute to me, as a member of that committee, a
set of opinions in reference to a matter of public ^
concern, which is in part committed to my charge,
before I have uttered any opinion upon the sub-
ject; and to make this gratuitous assumption the
theme of a popular harrangue upon a supposed
state of facts which may not, and as far as I am
concerned do not exist, that he may thereby win
for himself the approbation and applause of a
particular class of persons who surround this Cap-
itol ' The gentleman from Kentucky aeems to
have assumed the peculiar championship of every
person who has had the good fortune to aid in lay-
ing the foundations of the proposed additions to
the Capitol; and his terrible lance is poised for a
tilt with every ill-fated wight who comes in his
way, whenever a leaf is heard to rustle in the gale.
I shall not call his sympathy in this regard in ques-
tion, or add my sympathies to his; but I say to
him, sir, and to this House, that I shall repel in a
proper mannerany attempt on the part of that gen-
tleman to make any unwarrantable allusion to the
manner in which my duties, as a member of this
body, are discharged. When I shall express an
opinion in regard to the work, which he seems to
regard with such pious care, that opinion will then
be a proper subject for comment, and not before;
and I submit to this House, that the course of ar-
gumentation pursued by the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not sanctioned by parliamentary usage
and parliamentary law, and is disrespectful to the
committee which he has made the subject of his
declamatory assaults, and to this House whose
organ it is; and 1 say to that gentleman that I will
permit no such liberties to be taken with me.
What purpose can he have in view but to pre-
iu.dge the judgment, of that committee before this
House and the country, and to forestall its action,
if that action shall be contrary to the ideas he en-
tertains of his own infallibility? What other end
can he hope to accomplish by the course he has
thought proper to pursue? fs a committee of this
House to be reprobated in advance by that gentle-
man's display of architectural learning in refer-
ence to the cements and conglomerates of Baby-
lon and Nineveh, in order to subdue their minds
to his peculiar way of thinking? Must the com-
mittee be told before hand what, they must do to
escape his ire and propitiate his wroth > Would
lie, sir, give this house to understand that it must
legislate to suit the wants of a class of persons
who congregate around your Capitol? Sir, this
House and the country may well lie surprised at
what has fallen fiom that gentleman since the pres-
ent session began. He has thought proper to urge
this House to vote immediate appropuations of
money, for the chief reason that a class of persons
in this city are out of -employment. Doctrines
like these r.nv well excite alarm m the public
mir.it. Are the doctrines of the French school of
commeiiistti to be gravely urged in this House?
Will this House entertain the proposition that any
class of persons shall come here and demand that
appropriations be made to furnish them with labor
at the public charge? Now, Mr. Chairman, I am
not aware that any member of the select commit-
tee, of v. inch 1 form a part, is opposed to an im-
mediate appropriation <o carry on die woik upon
, the Capitol which h.i"? been begun. The founda-
tions are laid, and I presume no oneabsurdiy sup-
poses the work is be discontinued. So far as f
am concerned, the appropriations may be made to
