742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March IB,
continue the work, no matter what the report of
the special committee may be.
But while I am willing to vote this appropria-
tion, I desire to say that I will vote it that the
work which has been begun may go on, and not
because the class of persons who excite so much
of the sympathy of the gentleman from Kentucky
are out of employment. I do not recognize the
r.i. fet of any class of persons to come here in per-
son, or by their representative, and demand that
appropriations be made to give them employment.
Such ideas, sir, as have been advanced upon this
floor by the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
should, in my judgment, be met by the unquali-
fied reprobation of this House and the country.
These ideas are but the reflex of those of the
French school of communism and the right to
labor,, which erected the barricades in the streets
of Paris in 1848, and from the destructive tenden-
cies of which, Prance has sought present repose
by the restoration of the Empire under the mili-
tary rule of Napoleon 11.
Now, sir, 1 desire to do all I can to relieve the
mind of the honorable gentleman from Kentucky
from his distressing alarms, in reference to the im-
aginary rights ot the persons whom he defends
with such remarkable energy; and 1 assure him,
sir, with the utmost sincerity, that I do not intend
to go in the stilly hour of night, and burglariously
run off with the countless tons of granite and
gneiss, to which his friends have given order and ■
design, for the foundations to the additions to the
Capitol. Nor do 1 suppose that the special com-
mittee have any serious design to perpetrate such
an act of Vandalism; and I assure that gentle-
man that I do not believe, therefore, that it will be
at all incumbent upon him to take his station upon
those walls, and there to keep watch and ward to
guarantee their sanctity, or to expose himself
thereby to the bufferings of the bleak winds until
the melancholy notes of the curfew shall summon
him to his nightly repose. I hope I may contrib-
ute to the gentleman's composure, by saying to
him and to this House, that I shall interpose no
obstacle to the prosecution of this work.
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to say that in reference
to this work, I have no 'feelings of opposition to
indulge. I have not been a constant attendant
upon the deliberations of the committee, but 1 heard
and took notes of the testimony until I was per-
fectly satisfied that thewoik is sufficient for the
purposes for which it is designed, and up to a late
day I was prepared to pronounce that judgment
before this House. When a portion of the wall,
however, was removed by the direction of the
honorable chairman of the committee, a state of
facts was disclosed somewhat conflicting with the
testimony upon which I relied most.
[Here die hammer fell.]
' Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose to
amend the amendment, by adding one dollar to
the sum intended to be appropriated. I do it, not
with a view that the amendment shall be adopted,
nor for the purpose of saying anything in addition
to what I said yesterday in regard tc the materials
of which the foundations are constructed or the
character of the workmanship, but simply to afford
me an opportunity of replying to the excited re-
marks of the honorable gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Wallace,] who, it seems to me,
has worked himself into an unnecessary rage over
what I said. Now, sir, ifthat gentleman will put
himself to the trouble of referring to my speech,
reported m the Globe of tins morning, he will see
that the remarks to which he takes su< h exception
applied only to the chairman of the special com-
mittee, [Mr. McNair,] although from what the
chairman had previously said, 1 might, with much
propriety, have embraced him [Mr. Wallace] in
the same category. When 1 spoke, 1 did not even
know that the gentleman was a member of that
committee; and if f ever did know it, it had been
forgotten. He need not be disturbed with the idea
that any portion of my remarks were intended for
him, for he was furthest from my thoughts. I knew
him to be a gentleman of great intelligence, as he
has shown himself to be of fiery eloquence; and
whether he had practical information or not upon
the subject under discussion, I should have ac-
corded to him too much judgment not to see that
all the clamor which has been raised against this
work, arising from the investigation which has
been instituted, was unjust, as well as silly and
ridiculous.
I made no attack upon the members of the com-
mittee. If the gentleman listened to my speech
he knows I did not. I intended none. I designed
simply, in the remarks which I was about to sub-
mit to the committee, to explain the amendment
which I had offered, and inform the House as to the
necessity of the appropriation asked. If I had not
been interrupted, I should simply have done this
and taken my seat. But one of the gentleman's
colleagues [Mr. Woodward] interrupted me, by
submitting a question to the chairman of the special
committee, [Mr. McNair,] who rose in his place,
made a speech, and led this House to believe that
you, sir, entertained the same absurd opinions in
regard to the foundations that he had expressed.
Mr. WALLACE. Which one of my colleagues
does the gentleman refer to ?
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Woodward.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky yield the floor?
Mr. STANTON. Oh, yes; if he desires it. I
shall be polite to him, and allow him to say what
he wishes, though I could not. Now, sir, your
| chairman, the gentleman from Pennsylvania, was
; the first to allude to the action of the committee,
j He brought the subject up, and you have to thank
I him, not me, for associating you with the absurd
I conclusions to which he had come. What did he
; say when appealed to by the gentleman from South
' Carolina [Mr. Woodward] to know when the
committee would report? I read from the report
of his remarks:
" The investigation has been going on regularly, and WE
aie almost leady to report."
He says "tee," which includes you with the rest
of the committee, if I understand the meaning of
the word. " We have found the walls in a dreadful
condition."
He is misrepresenting you, not me.
ltWe have found the wa'Is in a dreadful condition—in a
condition wbicli has astonished us all."
The word "we" is not broad and comprehensive
enough, in the judgment of the speaker, to em-
brace the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Wallace,] and he uses one of more enlarged
signification, and says " us all."
<c When we came to examine it, ue found that wall with
shells built up on the outside, and small stones thrown in
on the inside."
Here, then, is the first intimation given to the
House, that the committee designed to make any
such foolish report as that language implies. I
did not introduce any allusion to it until this de-
velopment was made by the chairman, and I con-
fined what I had to say to him alone. If he had
not broached the subject, I should not have referred
to it. I could not have thought that his intelligent
colleagues would concur with him in his strange
conclusion as to the instability of the foundations,
and therefore meditated no attack upon the mem-
bers of the committee, as the gentleman seems to
suspect. 1 am happy to find, by the manifestations
of to-day, that all the members do not concur with
the chairman. This is ail, sir, that I deem it ne-
cessary to say in reply to the gentleman from
South Carolina.
Mr CHANDLER. Mr. Chairman, I rise to
oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton.]
Mr. WALLACE. I will esteem it a favor, if
the honoiable gentleman from Pennsylvania will
allow me five minutes to conclude what I have to
say.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am persuaded that I
cannot do half the good that the gentleman from
South Carolina can do, and I therefore yield the
floor to him with great pleasure.
Mr. WALLACE. Mr. Chairman,! am much
indebted to the courtesy of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler.] When, by the
rules of the House, my remarks were suspended,
I was proceeding to say thai the examination
made of an interior portion of the wall disclosed
a state of facts somewhat conflicting with the tes-
timony upon which I placed the most reliance.
It was stated by a witness, who was examined
before the committee, that the wall is solid mason-
ry throughout. The investigation which followed
does not sustain that testimony, if I understand
the true meaning of the witness. It appeared,
upon examination, that a portion of the interior
structure is composed of what is called " rubble,"
and mortar; that is, of small stones thrown in,
without much attention to the order in which th-ey
are placed, and the interstices filled in with mortar
or cement, with the view to form a conglomerate,
I was upon the wall, sir, but a very short time.
The examination was commenced when I was not
present. I attended, with several members of the
committee, at the time referred to, at the special
request of the honorable chairman of the commit-
tee, [Mr. McNair,] and this House has been in-
formed by the gentleman from Kentucky, that he,
too, faithful to his trust, was with the spectators
above, watching intently the progress of the inves-
tigation; and what he saw, doubtless gave point
to the characteristic tirade which he pronounced
here yesterday, and to which the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Beai.e] has just al-
luded. It is very natural that the gentleman from
Kentucky should go where his sympathies and
associations lead him; and while he was surround-
ed, at the time and place referred to, by many of
the persons whom he has so perseveringly Sought
to quarter upon the public Treasury, I can readily
conceive that he was in a position entirely conge-
nial to his taste, and am not surprised that the
speech which followed should be pronounced as
the result of the inspiration drawn from such an
exalted source.
When the examination of the wall was com-
pleted, my first impression led me to conclude that
the work was insecure. In that opinion I was not
confident. My reflections since that time have in-
duced me to yield my doubts to the better judg-
ment and greater-experience of the able architect
who has the work in charge. I have been assured
by that gentleman, in presence of the committee,
that the wall is sufficient to bear five times the
weight of the superstructure that is to be built
upon it. During the few minutes which I spent
in company with that gentleman in the committee
room, I formed a very favorable opinion of his
ability; and I am informed, from the most reliable
sources, that his personal integrity, sound judge
ment, experience, and knowledge of architecture,
are of the most satisfactory character. Nothing
has been elicited by the action of the committee
which, in my judgment, can authorize me to come
before this House and inflict a wound upon his
character and good name, by declaring that he
has, in any wise, been unfaithful to the trust con-
fided to him. I will not trifle with his reputation
by the commission of such an act. So far as I am
made his judge, he shall have justice at my hands.
I am prepared to yield whatever doubts I may
have entertained to the judgment of the architect,
and to say to this House, that I believe the work
s sufficient for the purposes for which it is de-
signed. *
It will appear from what I have said, that I do
! not concur in the opinion expressed yesterday by
I the honorable chairman of the committee, [Mr.
McNair ] But acting upon the view of the mat-
ter which I have expressed, I suggested to the
honorable chairman the propriety of going on to
make his report by detailing the material facts
which are in possession of the committee, and
leaving the subject to the judgment of the House.
I do not suppose that the Congress will act so
absurdly as to commence a work of this kind, ex-
pend a considerable sum upon it, and then discon-
tinue it. I see no reason why the work should
not progress; and I am ready to vote any appro-
priation of money that may be necessary to pros-
ecute it to its termination.
Mr. STANTON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I then offer as an amend-
ment, to add $2 to the sum of $500,000 contained
in the bill. The whole business of regulating the
additions to this Capitol is placed in the hands of
the architect; and the question is not whether the
stones laid there are laid permanently, and accord-
ing to our judgment, and whether the lime that is
used is of the kind that ought to be used, but it is
simply the question, is the person employed there
competent to the work he has undertaken ? Of
that we have two modes of judging; one of the
past, the other of the future. All the antecedents
of that gentleman, sir, are in the affirmative.
Every act of his life goes to prove that he is
competent to the work he has undertaken, not
simply as a finished mechanic and accomplished
architect, but as an honest and conscientious man,
who will not leave a work that he has undertaken
unfinished, and will not declare that as good which
