1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing bills, and the majority of the House are re-
sponsible for the time consumed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands; for when a bill is proposed
to be put upon its passage, anuijorily of the House
have it in their control, and not the Committee on
Public Lands. They could send it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, postpone its consideration,
or lay it upon the table. Is it just, then, to charge
the consumption of time to that committee, num-
bering but nine members? The responsibility is
in the majority, and there let the blame fall if any
blame attaches.
[A message was here received from the Senate,
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its
Secretary, that the Senate had agreed to the
amendment of the House to Senate bill No. 451,
entitled " An act to amend an act entitled 1 An act
to carry into effect the convention between the
United States and the Emperor of Brazil, of the
27th day of January, in the year 1849,' approved
March 2'J, 1850.']
Mr. CARTTER, I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order for the honorable gentleman iron
South Carolina to consume still more of the time
of the House in giving a biography of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from South CaroUna has wandered
sormewhat beyond the boundaries of legitimate
discussion.
Mr. ORR. I propose to apply these remarks
to this bill. I propose to show by them that this
bill should not be rejected by the'House because
heretofore the committee haie proposed to put
other bills upon their passage. That tact alone
should not operate against the passage of this bill.
I had nearly concluded my remarks. When the
Committee on Public Lands was assailed by my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Joves,] and then by
the member from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steievs]
over the way the other day, when it was just as
much out of order to have assailed them, I sup-
posed that I would have been allowed at least the
privilege of making a statement in vindication of
that committee. £ut it is a matter ot very little
consequence, for the committee have a conscience
void of all offense. I propose to put the bill upon
its passage. I shall not demand the previous
question. If any gentleman chooses to refer it to
the Committee of the Whole, he can make that
motion. It is a question of local interest alone,
and the House can pass it about as soon as they
can refer it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] if it is the in-
struction of the Committee on Public Lands to
put the hill upon its passage?
Mr. ORR. It is not. f
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to ask the gentleman !
another question. He says thit it is a local ques- |
tion, and concerns no one else but the Stats of I
Wisconsin. I ask if the bill does not create ad- !
ditional Und offices, and in order to put them in t
operation the appointment of new officers to dis- l
charge the duties of these offices, and will not all 1
this incur additional expense, and if so, how '
much ?
Mr. ORR. I am not prepared to answer the
gentleman as to the exact expense. 1 believe the
salary of the registers is $500 each, and then they
are allowed ceitain perquisites. The salaries in
any event cannot go beyond §3,000. The excess
over 5j.500 is paid by taxes upon tln-'e v, ho enter
lands, and those taxes would go just as weii in the
existing land offices as in the new land offices.
The expense of registers and receivers tor the two
offices would amount to §2,000 cn'y to be p,i\: by
the Goyeimnent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
that I have investigated this subject very thor-
oughly, but in connection with the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr, Eastman! some days ago I
exarmneu a map of the countiy in which it is nro-
posed by this bill to locate these land offices.
1 hat examination satisfied me it would be -■•Hit
to establish these offices. I obtained the informa-
tion irorn wnat the gentleman said—that th re
are persons now in that portion of the t-'vs i
where they prooos- to establish these land offices !
who have to go from two tc three hundred nines' i
perhaps, to land offices for m king entries- and' '
m some instances, he ass.ired me that it would !
cost a man almost, as much to go from the places '
where these offices are proposed to be located to i
the present offices and back, as the land itself
would cost when he should get there. I thought,
under these circumstances, that it would be not
only encouraging, but promoting the entry of pub-
lic lands in that region, and that it would be an
accommodation and convenience to those who
wished to settle the lands there, which they have
a right to ask and demand of the Government.
As to the expense—there will be paid $500 to each
of the two receivers and registers, making $2,000,
out of the Treasury. Whatever commissions
may be paid to them upon the amount received
for lands entered, would have to be paid, if they
should go to any other office and enter the lands
there. So the additional expense, if I am correct,
in establishing these two offices would not exceed
$2,000 per annum. If there is no objection, I call
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and having been engrossed was
read the third time and passed.
Mr, ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
I GRANTS TO INDIANA AND ILLINOIS.
Mr. ORR, from the Committee on Public Lands,
reported back, wnhoutamendment, the bill grant-
ing the right of way and a portion of the public
lands to the States of Indiana and Illinois to aid in
the constiuction of a railroad from Springfield,
Illinois, to Terre Haute, in Indiana.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that that bill
be put upon its passage. I do not desire to dis-
cuss the question at this time. It is a bill upon
which I desire to make a few remarks befoiel
make the motion that I design making. This bill
was introduced by myself at the early part of the
I present session. It was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands five months ago, 1 believe;
and that committee have reported it back, with a
recommendation that it be passed. 1 believe it is
the last bill, or, at all events, the last but one, now
to be reported back from the Committee on Public
Lands. I know, sir, that the House has become
somewhat weary in consequence of the great
length of time consumed by the committee in
making its reports. I do not desire that this bill
should go to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, nor do I desire to take up the
time of the House at present in discussing its
merits; but I think-that when that time arrives I
shall be perfectly able to show, that if there is
merit in a single bill reported to the present
House in regard to the construction of railroads
upon the alternate section principle, there is merit
in this bill. But in order to allow the committee
to go on and finish their reports, so that the House
may take them up, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the consideration of this bill be
postponed for two weeks l'rorn this day.
[Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I object.
The SPEAKER. Thegentl eman from Indiana
has a right to move to postpone the further con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. JENKINS. Is it in order to make a mo-
tion to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It will be so when the gen-
tleman gets the floor for that purpose. The gen-
tleman from Indiana is now upon the floor. The
motion to postpone, however, is not debatable.
.Mr. DAVIS. I do not desire to discuss the
bill at this time. I merely make a motion that the
consideration of this bill be postponed for two
weeks from to-dnv.
Mr. JENKINS. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry as to theeffea of the gentleman's mo-
tion. Supposing; this bill shall be deferred for two i
weeks, and the House shall have passed from the !
Committee on Public Lands, will this come ud !
then in the morning hour? A |
Ti)e SPEAKER". The Chair thinks it would
probably come up as the unfinished business,
during the cell for reports within the morning- hour.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I would inquire if the
moj nirij* hour has expired r
ihe SPEAKER. The morning hour hes not
yet expired.
July 2,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. Upon the mo-
tion to lay the bill on the table 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
_ Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to inquire if the morn-
ing hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not by two minutes
and a half.
The question being then taken upon the motion
^ to lay the bill upon the table, it was decided in the
negative—yeas 71, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles Allen, Alii son, John Appleton,
Aslie, Avcrett. Babcock, David J. Bailey, Thomas H. Bay-
ly. Bennett, Bibighaus, Bocock, J. II. Bovtl, Bragg, Buell,
Purrows, Burt, Caldwell, Chanain, Churchweil, Daniel,
Dawson, Dimmiok, Dockerv, Edmimdson, Faulkner,
Floyd, Fowler, Gamble, Giddmg**. Gilmore, Goodenow,
Grey, Grow, Hamilton, Hebard. Hiltyer, Holladay, Hors-
lord, John W. Howe, Hunter, Jngersoli, Ives. Jenkins,
James Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Pres-
ton King, Kurtz, Mann, Humphrey Marshall. Mason,
McMullin, McQ.ucen, Mcaeham, Meade, Murphy, Murray,
Newton, Outlaw, Perkins, Reed, Robie, Ross, Origen S.
Seymour, Skelton, Smith, Thaddeus Stevens, Sutherland,
Walbridge, Wallace, Washburn, and Welis—7J.
NAYS—Messrs.. Abereionibie. Willis Allen, Bell, Bis-
sell, Brenton, Buggs, Brooks, Albert G. Brown, Busby, J.
Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Cartter,
Chandler, Clark, Clmgman, Cobb, Cottmun, Cullom,
George T. Davis. John G. Davis, Pi-mev, Dockery, Doty,
Dunham, Durkee. Fiteh, Freeman, Hemy M. Fuller, Gay-
lord, Gorman, Jsliam G. Harris, Sampson W. Harris,
Haws, Haven, ffend'ickt, Houston, Thomas M. Howe,
Jackson, John Johnson. Kuhns, Landiv, Lockhait, Mace,
MeCoikle, McNajr, Moiony, John Moore, Morrison, Na-
bei.<. Old*, Orr, Andiew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn,
Penninian, Phelps, Polk, Porrer, Richardson, Riddle, Rob-
inson, Russell, ^ackett, Schoolcraft, Scurry, Stanly, Ben-
jamin Stanton, Frederick P. Stanton, St. Martin, Stratton,
Strother, Stuart, Swoet^cr, Tavlor, Thurston, Toombs,
Townshend, Walsli, Ward, Watkms, Welch, Alexander
White, Wilcox, Williams, and Yates—86.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The question recurred upon the motion to post-
pone the consideration of ihe bill for two weeks.
Mr. DAVIS. I wilhd raw that motion, and
move to recommit the bill to the Committee 011
Public Lands.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I now insist upon the
Pennsylvania contested-election case being taken
up. 1 believe that is the first business in order.
The SPEAKER. That is the first business in
order, the morning hour having expired. The
question is upon the adoption of the resolution
reported by the Committee on Elections.
The previous question was demanded and sec-
onded.
The resolution was read, as follows;
Resolved, That the election at the Danville precinct,
county of Montour, eleventh Congressional distriC, in the
State of Pennsylvania, wa« illegally and irregulaily con-
ducted, and the t--cat of the member from that distiiet is va-
cant; and that Ihe Speaker inform the Governor of That
State of the decision of this House, that a new election
may'be-ordered.
Mr, RICHARDSON. Is it in order to move
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not,
the previous question having been- seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be put.
[ The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
' theie is p. bill reported back from the Senate, hav-
, ins: passed both Houses, in relation to the treaty
j with Brazil. He is also informed that the bill, if
| to be effective at nil. must be acted upon finally
' to-day. He is al^o informed that no one member
j of the Committee on Enrolled Bills is m his seat.
! It will be for the House to determine whether thev
, wiU waive the examination on the part cf that
j committee, and permit the bill to be signed.
' My. HOUSTON. Cannot we appoint two ad-
ditional roemheis on that committee, and let there
examine the bill ?
,, The SPEAKER. If it is the pleasure of the
j1 House, the Chuir will appoint two additional
[t members.
Mr. STUART. It is unnecessary to adopt
: such 0 course. The members of the committee
are only temporarily absent.
! The SPEAKER. If th ere be no objection, the
Speaker will si^n the bill.
j _ ivir, STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the Speaker
1 is satisfied thai the b*ll is right, there can be no oh-
1 jeciioji.
No objection was made.
1 The SPEAKER. The Chair will examine the
, bill before signing it.
