1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
743
he docs not believe is good, although his own hand
has performed it.
In the course of my official relations with the
city which I in part represent, I was called for
many years into close connection with that gen-
tleman, and although it would be impertinent in
me to say tltat I know him to be an accomplished
architect because his judgment and his action are
superior to my judgment or anybody's action, I
can only submit the work of his hands for other
persons to decide upon, rather than my assuiance
or my certificate of his ability. I have watched
his work. I know him as a man, as a citizen, as
an architect, and as a man of business; and in all
of these relations he stands preeminent among
those with whom he is acquainted. It was in the
performance of my official relations with that gen-
tleman, that I looked almost daily upon the founda-
tions of a building quite as heavy in its weight
and in its cost as the wings of your Capitol will
be. .It has rested twenty years upon the founda-
tions which were then laid, and there is not beneath
the Girard College a sign or evidence of the yield-
ing of a single portion of the stone upon which
they rest. These works, I think, are about twice
as thick, twice as strong as the foundations to
which I have alluded. I infer, therefore, they are
capable of sustaining double the weight.
In the remarks which I have to make, and which
I consider as giving an opinion contrary to that of
my colleague, the chairman of the special com-
mittee, [Mr. McNair,] I beg leave to state, my
associations with him leave me not a doubt of the
purity of his intentions and those of the other
gentlemen of the committee; but it is his misfor-
tune to be at the head of a committee upon a sub-
ject with which he is not professionally acquaint-
ed; and it was the misfortune of the committee
to be composed of gentlemen who did not claim a
professional knowledge of the work in which they
were to be engaged. It was of course expected they
would call to their aid men of professional excel-
lence—men competent to judge of the work before
them. I think the testimony which has been ad-
duced, by gentlemen free from all motives of par-
tiality, was such as would satisfy the House of
the competency of the work. I am happy to hear
the remark that fell from the honorable gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Wallace,] that what-
ever may be the fate of a portion of that wall,
which I believe competent, there should be no
hesitancy at all about voting for this appropria-
tion. The work must go on; and the sooner it is
commenced, the sooner, I hope, it will be finished.
I trust, therefore, 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CARTTER. I am opposed to the last
amendmentof $2.
Mr. GENTRY. Oh! let them have it. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. CARTTER. I merely rose to remark, that
it occurred to me all this discussion of the me-
chanical sufficiency or deficiency of this wall was
a departure from the real danger to which the
wall is exposed. It seems to be treated as a ques-
tion of masonry—as a question of mechanics—
and its capacity to sustain the superstructure that
is intended to be erected upon it. Wow, my opin-
ion is, that the wall is sufficient, and will endure .
until it answers all the purposes that it will be re-
quired to answer. The danger is not as to the
weight that it will have to sustain; the danger is not J
to mechanical forces; the danger lies in a far dif-
ferent quarter. It is more a question of locality.
I do not think the wings are in the right place.
[Laughter.] They are too near the eastern skirtof
this empire; and I have no apprehension at all but
that it will rest, mechanically, firmly upon its pres-
ent foundation, and bear upon its surface the edi-
fi.ce you propose to place upon it, until the weight
of empire transfers it to the center of the empiie.
You had better address yourself to that considera-
tion; for the time is soon coming when the diffi-
culty will be not in the weight upon it, but m
keeping the foundation still. The foundations
will partake of the spirit of the Republic, and make
a western trip. I hope it will be
Mr. FLORENCE. May I ask a single ques-
tion, as to whether that is the gentleman's idea of
progress—that we are progressing from a Republic
to ail Empire? [Laughter.]
Mr. CARTTER. I do not think I can make
a "fogy" understand it, [laughter;] but I alluded,
of course, to the empire of territory. Those gen-
tlemen who travel in the " fog" are very diligent
in taking distinctions. [Laughter.] All this in-
quiry about the mechanical structure of that wall
is a work of supererogation. In my opinion, if
the wall was not half as heavy as it is, it would
endure all the weight it will ever have to sustain.
The traveling qualities of those wings of the Capi-
tol will be felt before they fall down. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Chandler to the amendment, and
it was rejected.
Mr. F.LORENCE moved to amend by inserting
" $4" after the words " $500,000."
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 have been very much
gratified this morning at the turn the debate has
taken upon the question before the committee in
relation to this appropriation; but I have been
pained to hear gentlemen reflecting, by remarks that
have been made, upon persons occupying a peculiar
sphere in society. Now, it occurs to my mind,
that nowhere so much as upon the floor of this
families. I say, without asserting a primary duty,
that it presented as strong a case of appeal to the
sympathies and right feelings of this House, as
when you saw from your Capitol windows the
burning edifices of Alexandria. It was a case, as I
stated heretofore, appealing to the sympathies; but
they did not appeal to the sympathies. There was
no pretense of primary duty. These men came
here under a certificate of the architect, stating that
they could be usefully employed by the Govern-
ment. While gratifymg'a reasonable sympathy,
we were not asked to violate any rule in reference
to the contract they were called upon to make.
This House, as I then suggested, should have
. been proud of the privilege of doing so. It has
i been said, by high authority, " that this world is
! a tough wrestler, who has a bear's grip for the
poor;" but it should be the proud privilege of
everyjnan, legislating for the great interests of the
country, to remove the burden which always
bears upon the back of the wayfarer upon this
House do a certain class of'people, as they have | world. * Now, a word or two more. I do not
been termed, require defenders. There is no es- i admit the rebuke set up by the gentleman from
pecial merit attached to the fact that a person is a \ j Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] the other day, and re-
working-man, so called; but it is especially be- ;i iterated by the eloquent gentleman from South
,1.   11 I— — liTa o E A/1  • IS/ ATT I PU 1
coming those living or being in that sphere of life,
that they should defend others in the same sphere
against indiscriminate attacks upon them. I do
not appeal to the galleries; I do not refer to the
fact that we are surrounded by persons urging
Congress to make this appropriation; but I do
say, here, that it becomes our duty, especially at
this time, to make this appropriation, because the !
honor of this Union is involved. I will tell you
that, when the first appropriation was made for
Carolina, [Mr. Wallace.]
I do not know of any drawing-room rule which
is to prevail here and control me under the respon-
sibilities which I owe to my country and constit-
uents. If I see a spectacle of distress in this gal-
lery, which is under my jurisdiction, I shall refer
to it, without consulting those rules of high-life
which seem to be brought in here to direct legisla-
tive power. It is a pressing case—it is a case in
which men, offered employment when their em-
the extension of the Capitol, the peculiar class of j ployment was deemed to be necessary by those
working-men required as operators upon it were
very scarce. It is a trade that requires peculiar
perfection, if I may be permitted to laud that class
of people so much, particularly in a work of this
kind. If I am correctly informed, and I believe
I am, the superintendent of this work procured
from Baltimore, Philadelphia, New York, and
other cities and parts of the Union, excellent work-
men; and they came here upon the assurance of
that gentleman that the work should be continued
to them, and that they should not be permitted to
starve, as they have nearly been doing this most
inclement winter, because Congress refused to
make this appropriation. The distress that existed
among these workmen who were frozen up here,
would make the hair of every member of this
House stand upon end if it were recited.
Mr. HALL. Will you vote them a farm ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I am willing to do it. I
am willing to vote land for the landless, and when
the bill comes before the House, proposed by my
friend from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,] my vote
will be found recorded in its favor. But here are
these workmen waiting, not upon the bounty of
the Government, but asking that the pledges given
them shall be fulfilled—that the assurance made
them when they came here may be redeemed.
And I feel a peculiar pleasure and pride that I am
permitted to rise in my place upon this floor and
say thus much for that most useful class of our
citizens. I do not desiie that they shall have
special legislation, (nor do they ask it,) but I do
desire that they may have extended to them all
the privileges and all the rights others enjoy.
Mr. HENN. Who gave those assurances?
having the control of the execution of this con-
tract—presenting a spectacle of distress, as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
has well said, almost unexampled, even to the
view of men who have been accustomed to see all
the fluctuations of poverty. Many of tliem are
my own townsmen, accustomed to the ordinary
comforts of life, which they procured by the sweat
of their brow. They are now in the midst of
your community, and nnder circumstances of dis-
tress which were drawn upon them in consequence
of their discharge from employment. It is a case
calling for the loudest and strongest sympathy in
every human heart, and the heartiest expression
of that sympathy by every human tongue.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to make a speech.
I wish to give notice now, that when an amend-
ment is moved hereafter I shall insist that the rules
of the House be enforced, requiring that gentle-
man should confine themselves to explanations of
the amendments they offer.
Mr. BRENTON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
And that no contract, made in prosecution of the work
aforesaid, which shall in any way exceed the sum hereby
appropriated, shall be binding upon the Government.
I desire to see such an amendment as that at-
tached to every bill which may be proposed to this
House for appropriating money to public works;
and I would not only desire to see it attached in
form, but I would desire to see it put in practice
from this time forth. We are called upon each
year to pass a deficiency bill for the purpose of
meeting expenditures made in connection with the
public service—expenditures which exceed the
Mr' FLORENCE. I understand, and I stated |t amount, from year to year, that is appropriated
* . v ii .1   l*ir _!• ■. * . irv ~ tUin «-  w yi  v-i ant io cnnnli
it as clearly and distinctly as I could, that they were
made by persons engaged by the Government.
They, as they had a perfect right to, sought to
get the best talent they could in that peculiar line,
and the assurance was given to them of continuous
employment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WALSH. I propose to say just a word
| or two to correct an error which I think has been
repeated this morning, and into which a gentle-
■ man from North Carolina, not now in his seat,
| [Mr. Venule,] fell on a previous day, and that
was, that it had been asserted that it was the pri-
mary duty of this Government to give labor to
■ men who were in want of it. There was no such
demand by the friends of the extension of the
Capitol, on the ground of primary duty. These
men came here in the depth of winter, not know mg
anythin0" of the particular terms of this contract
_ ._   11, n nMntt/in r\T tli«
My object in offering this amendment is simply
to keep every individual, connected with the ex-
;• penditure and disbursement of public money,
!1 within the limits prescribed by law, and to hold
them to strict accountability if they refuse to do
| so. Why is Congress called upon, in connection
| with the public service, to pass deficiency bills?
It is because the expenses and disbursements have
exceeded the amount appropriated. I do not design,
at this time, to discuss this question; but I merely
state that I desire to see this principle incorporated
into every appropriation bill for the consideration
of the House; and in future I desire to see'all the
officers of the Government, especially those having
charge of the public funds, held to the rule most
rigidly. I hope this amendment will be attached
to that appropriation.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I agree with the gentle-
i man, and am m favor of the general principle he
but there is no necessity for mcor-
Ttiey ctune here to engage in the erection of the ;j contends for,  character with
Capitol, and, as the gentleman from Pennsylvania Jj porating any amendment of that charac*er with
i [Mr. Florence] said, were frozen up with their
IHIlclLJ 11^ (111 J ClIllCiIU liivUli - « •
this bill. If there was any probability that this
