THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xxi
paving between ways of dock, paving between
timber-sheds, completing gutters and drains, com-
pleting shed number five, extending gas-pipes,&c.,
extending water-pipes one thousand feet, and re-
pairs of all kinds, twenty-eight thousand five hun-
dred and seventeen dollars and twenty cents.
Washington, District of Columbia.—For complet-
ing ordnance building number eleven, fitting up
timber-dock, completing saw-mill, completing cop-
per rolling-mill, completing railway, completing
side lathes in machine shop, and repairs of all
kinds, one hundred and twenty-three thousand
seven hundred and seventy-eight dollars.
Norfolk, Virginia.—For store house number
fourteen, wharf north side of timber-dock, culvert,
dredging-machine, and repairs of all kinds, eighty
thousand seven hundred and thirty-two dollars
and twenty cents.
Pcnsacola, Florida.—Towards completing per-
manent wharf, to complete guard-house and kitch-
en, to complete yard railway and repair old track,
to complete extension of central wharf, to rebuild
east wall of cistern number twenty-six, for ice-
house, repairs of cisterns number fourteen and
twenty-five, and repairs of all kinds, eighty-eight
thousand and forty-four dollars.
Memphis, Tennessee.—For pavements, drains,
and ditches, cisterns for rope-walk, hemp-house,
store-house, (one wing,) complete, railing for ver-
tical wall, and repairs of all kinds, forty-seven
thousand and forty-three dollars and thirty-four
cents.
Sac/celt's Harbor, New York.—For repairs of all
kinds, five hundred dollars.
For Hospitals, viz:
Jit Boston.—For repairs, five hundred dollars.
At New York.—For fence round garden, repairs
of buildings, painting, whitewashing, clearing up
grounds, &c., at hospital, and for completing fence
and wall around the burial-ground, eight thousand
nine hundred and ninety-three dollars. And to se-
cure some proper place for the burial of seamen
who die in the New York hospital, five thousand
dollars.
At Philadelphia Naval Asylum.—For introducing
gas, painting main building inside, repairing and
painting wall, repairs to roof and dome, cleaning
and whitewashing, cleaning and repairing grates
and ranges, water tax, shade trees, and repairs of
all kinds, five thousand six hundred and sixty-six
dollars.
Jit Washington.—For genernl repairs four hun-
dred dollars.
Jit Norfolk.—For repairs of hospital and depend-
encies, five thousand dollars.
Jit Pensacota.—For draining and filling up ponds,
&c., two thousand dollars.
For Magazines:
At Boston, two hundred dollars.
At New York, one thousand dollars.
At Washington, one hundred and fifty dollars.
Marine Corps.—For pay of officers, non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, privates, and ser-
vants serving on shore, subsistence for officers.,
and pay for undrawn clothing, two hundred and
seventeen thousand nine hundred and eighty-three
dollars and forty-four cents.
For provisions for marines serving on shore,
nineteen thousand nine hundred and eighty-four
dollars and seventy-five cents.
For clothing, forty-nine thousand four hundred
and sixteen dollars.
For fuel, three thousand dollars.
For military stores, repair of arms, pay of ar-
morers, accouterments, ordnance stores, flags,
drums, fifes, and musical instruments, eight thou-
sand dollars.
For transportation of officers and troops, and
expenses of recruiting, nine thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks and rent of temporary
barracks and offices where there are no public
buildings for that purpose, six thousand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: Freight, tonnage, toll,
cartage, wharfage, compensation to judges advo-
cate, per diem for attending courts-martial, courts
of inquiry, and for constant labor, house rent
in lieu of quarters, burial of deceased marines,
printing, stationery, postage, apprehension of de-
serters, oil, candles, forage, straw, furniture, bed
sacks, spades, axes, picks, shovels, carpenters'
tools, keep of a horse for the messenger, pay of
matron, washerwoman,and porter at the hospital
headquarters, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For purchase and freight to San Francisco of
patent black marine paint for painting the interior
of the sections and end floats of the California dry-
dock, fifteen hundred dollars.
For a deficiency in the act making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty.} approved
third March, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, for
paying the unsatisfied demands upon the fund for
continuing the survey of the coast on the Gulf of
Mexico from Appalachicola Bay to the Mississippi,
two thousand one hundred and ten dollars and
sixty-two cents, to be taken out of the balance of
the fund appropriated for that purpose by the act
of third March, eighteen hundred and forty-nine,
and which has beefi carried to the credit of the
surplus fund.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts authorizing the President of the
United States, or the Secretary of the proper De-
partment under his direction, to transfer any por-
tion of the moneys appropriated for a particular
branch of expenditure in that Department, to be
applied to another branch of expenditure in the
same Department, be, and are hereby, so far as
relates to th£ Navy Department, repealed.
For the building or purchase of suitable vessels,
and for prosecuting a survey and reconnoissance
for naval and commercial purposes, of such parts
of Behring's Straits, of the north Pacific ocean and
of the China Seas, as are frequented by American
whale ships and by trading vessels in their routes
between the United States and China, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Navy, the sum
of one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars:
Provided, That the expense of purchasing or build-
ing and of equipping, with the exception of the
armament, and of fitting out these vessels shall not
exceed the sum hereby appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to select a site for a navy yard
and naval depot in the Bay of San Francisco, in
California, or neighboring waters, either by pur-
chase or by reservation of public lands, as tlie-
case may be, and shall cause the same to be sur-
veyed, and a plat thereof to be recorded in proper
form; and when such selection shall have been
made, the said Secretary shall make such arrange-
ments as may be necessary to establish a navy-
yard and naval depot upon the most approved and
economical plan on the sites so obtained, and
cause to be erected a foundery, machine shop,
black-smith shop, boiler shop, engine-house, pat-
tern shop, carpenter shop, and store-house; and
for the purpose of carrying this section into effect,
the sum of one hundred thousand dollars be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropria-
ted.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Navy be, and he hereby is, directed
to appoint some suitable naval officer or engineer
to receive and superintend the construction of the
floating dry-dock in California.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the per-
centage added by law to the pay of the clerks em-
ployed in the executive and legislative depart-
ments of Washington be, and is hereby, allowed
to the clerks employed at the navy-yard and ma-
rine barracks in the city of Washington.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That Robert
Armstrong, the public printer, be, and is hereby,
directed to execute, withoutdelay, the public print-
I ing ordered by either House of Congress since his
election as public printer, and that all paper used
by the public printer for the space of sixty days
from this date shall be furnished by him at cost,
and shall be of the quality and description speci-
fied in the law passed at this session of Congress.
Approved, August 31, 1852.
Pubi.ic, LV.—AnAct making Appropriations for the
sui port of the Army for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and fifty
three.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three:
For pay of the Army, one million three hundred
and fifty-three thousand two hundred and six dol-
lars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, five
hundred and seventy-six thousand nine hundred
and forty-four dollars.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and five thousand five hundred and
four dollars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, thirty-six thousand two hundred dollars.
For expenses of recruiting, thirty-two thousand
eight hundred and forty-eight dollars and thirty-
two cents.
For three months'extra pay for non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates, on reen-
listment, ten thousand dollars.
For subsistence in kind, one million and forty-
seven thousand one hundred and eighty-fivedoilars:
Provided, That the Commissary Department may
use, in advance of the regular appropriation for
the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, one
thousand eight hundred and fifty-four, two hun-
dred and seventy-fivethousand dollars of said sum
for said fiscal year.
For clothing of the Army, camp and garrison
equipage and horse equipments, two hundred and
three thousand one hundred and eighty dollars
and eighty-three cents.
For the regular supplies of the duartermaster's
Department, consisting of fuel, forage in kind for
the horses, mules, and oxen of the duartermas-
ter's Department, at theseveral military posts and
stations, and with the armies in the field; for the
horses of the first and second regiments of dra-
goons, the companies of light artillery, the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, and such companies of
infantry as may be mounted, and also for the au-
thorized number of officers' horses when serving
in the field and at the outposts; of straw for sol-
diers' bedding; and of stationery, including com-
pany and other blank books for the Army, certifi-
cates for discharged soldiers, blank forms for the
Pay and duartermaster's Departments, and for
the printing of division and department orders,
Army regulationand reports, one milliomone hun-
dred and sixty thousand dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the duartermas-
ter's Department, consisting of postage on letters,
and packets received and sent by officers of the
Army cn public service, expenses of courts-mar-
tial, and courts of inquiry, including the additional
compensation to judges advocate, recorders, mem-
bers, and witnesses while on that service, under
the act of March sixteenth, eighteen hundred and
two; extra pay to soldiers employed under the
direction of the duartermaster's Department in
the erection of barracks, quarters, store-houses and
hospitals; the construction of roads and other con-
stant labor for periods of not less than ten days,
under the act of March second, eighteen hundred
and nineteen; expenses of expresses to and from
the frontier posts and armies in the field; of escorts
to paymasters, otlierdisbursingofficers and trains,
when military escorts cannot be furnished; ex-
penses of the interment of non-commissioned offi-
cers and soldiers; authorized office furniture; hire
of laborers in the duartermasters Department, in-
cluding hire of interpreters; spies and guides for
the Army; compensation of clerks to officers of
the duartermaster's Department; compensation
of forage and wagon-masters, authorized by the
act of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight; for
the apprehension of deserters, and the expenses
incident to their pursuit; the various expenditures
required for the first and second regiments of dra-
goons, the companies of light artillery, the regi-
ment of mounted riflemen, and such companies of
infantry as may be mounted, including the pur-
chase of traveling forges, blacksmiths' and shoe-
ing tools, horses and mule shoes, iron, hire of
veterinary surgeons and medicines for horses and
mules, two hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For fuel and quarters for officers of the Army
servingon theCoast Survey, the payment of which
is no longer made by the duartermaster's Depart-
ment, four thousand five hundred dollars.
For constructing, repairing, and enlarging bar-
racks, quarters, hospitals, store-houses, stables,
wharves, and ways, at theseveral posts and army
depots, for temporary cantonments, and the au-
thorized furniture for barrack-rooms of non-com-
missioned officers and soldiers, gun-houses for the
i protection of cannon, including the necessary tools
