744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
appropriation wonld finish the work, why, for
fear they might go beyond that appropriation and
involve us in a larger expenditure, I would vote
for his proposition; but nobody imagines for a
moment that this appropriation will finish the
Capitol. Of course, in contracts that are hereafter
to be made, the rule can be carried out in further-
ance of the gentleman's design. I have stated
this as a reason for voting against the amendment
now, although I approve the general principle, j
But my object in rising was to appeal to the gen- ;
tleman not to press his amendment. There really
seems to be nothing to discuss. Everybody agrees
that this appropriation is necessary.- If the walls
are to be gone on with, as they now stand, the |
appropriation is needed. If they are to be pulled j
down, and stronger ones built, the appropriation !
is equally necessary. Why shall we not agree,
by general consent,' to let this bill pass, and upon
the coming in of the report of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. McNaiu] all these questions
which have been thrown irregularly into this de-
bate will naturally come up. It is Saturday, and
I think it would be right for us to take half a day's
holiday, as much at least as we give to the negroes
down South. I appeal to gentlemen to let this bill
pass, and then by common consent adjourn.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Brest-
ton's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. GOODEN"OW moved that the committee
rise and report the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question is
upontheamendment proposed by the chairman of
the committee, [Mr. Sta;;ton.]
[Cries of ■*Question !" "Question !"J
Mr. MASON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, That the expenso incurred in te-aing the stone
and other material* to be used m the construction of the
work, f-hall be paid out of this appropriation.
The special committee have been testing the
strength of the materials used in the construction
of the foundation; and under the resolution of the
House authorizing the committee to do it, I sup-
pose the authority was involved to incur the neces-
sary expense. It was a matter which was left
wholly to their judgment. They have done so,
and bills will come in. Some object to their being
paid out of the contingent fund, and I offer this
amendment, that these expenses may be paid out
< f the appropriation of ^500,000; and that the
Committee on Accounts may have nothing t<< do
with the matter.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I hope this
will not be done.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to op-
pose that amendment. 1 think the amendment is
quire unnecewfj'ry, find is altogether melevant to
this bill; and 1 make a question, that it is not m
order to pay the expenses of a select* committee,
which has leon appointed by this Houmj for the
purpose« f examining those foundations, out of the
general approprn tion, for the purports of complet-
ing the building. I think the amendment is not
m order. The exnensen for which it provides are
8 part of the contingent expenses of this House,
and ouirht to be paid out of the contingent fund.
And it oiuih: to be so. for the purpose of show-
ing (he Ilot^v what is the expense of making such
examinations, u;>d ot appointing such committees
as have been appointed m this case. 1 mean no
disrespect to the committee whatever; but the ac-
count of the contingent expenses of the House
ought to show the expenses attendant upon its
own action. This expense ought not to bechmged
to the fund for the completion of the Cupuol. Upon
this ground I think that the amendment ought to
be rejected.
The question was then take;., .aid Mr. Masoy's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. FLOYD. I move to increase the expendi-
ture $5. We have, duung the last year, had an
expenditure of $50,000,0(10. We are called upon
now to puss aderi-iency bdi, amounting to sev-
eral millions more. We have an estimate of the
expenditures for the next year amounting to
$4^,000,000.
Mr. OUR. I rise to a question of order. The
rules of the Hou^e require, that when an amend-
ment is ofFei ed, the geniieman proposing to speak
upon that amendment must confine his remarks to
the subject-matter of the amendment. The gen-
tleman is not doing it. I made the announcement
that I should make the question of order, ahd of j!
course I shall carry it out. j|
Mr. FLOYD. I will vary my amendment, so j!
as to strike out-one half the proposed appropria-tj
tion. 1 know of no estimate of expenditure that \\
has come to us from the Departments which may |
be omitted with less injury to the public service, ;;
than the half million of dollars asked for by this
bill. This Hall is not so badly arranged but what ;
you can find an abundance of gentlemen who are ,
willing to occupy it. Nor am F aware of any de- j
partment of the public service that is to suffer by ■
allowing these foundations to remain as theyare :
for one, two, or five years. We have a debt, in a ,
time of profound peace, of some $64,000,000, if I |
mistake not; and so we are going on granting
every expenditure asked by this Administration— j
which certainly does not commend itself to the 1
country by any very strict notions of economy— 1
we are going on to grant every expenditure that j
is asked for, without ever making a beginning at :
reform or economy. It seems to me, we are act- ;
ing in the dark upon this subject. This House !
have appointed a committee to investigate the !
capacity of the foundation, but it has not yet re- )
ported, although we have been told, it may report ]
next week. In the meantime, without the report j
of our select committee, we know not whether j
this foundation is safe or unsafe. We are pro- |
ceeding to grant an appropriation to erect a super- |
structure, and then to inquire whether the founda- j
tion is safe or not. As I have said before, there i
is no department of the public service that would j
suffer by the delay of this appropriation; and if ;
the accounts we have had here of the sufferings of
the workmen be true, certainly they cannot find
worse paymasters than the Government has been
to them.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Floyd.] The subject embraced in
his resolution was freely and ably discussed at the
last Congiess, when they made the appropriation
for the Capitol. I consider it unnecessary to
discuss it at this time, and therefore call for the
question.
The question was then taken upon Air. Floyd's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move to strike out three
fourths of the sum. I desire to say a word or two
in reference to my own particular position. I
voted in the last Congress, if my recollection
serves me correctly, against the appropriation of
j $100,000. I supposed then, that the cost of these
| two wings of the Capitol would amount to some
11 several hundred thousands of dollars. I really did
}l not suppose then that they were to cost some three
!| or four millions of dollars, perhaps five millions,
j I rise now for the purpose of calling the attention
j; of the committee, the House, and country, to the
! important fact, as it presents itself to my mind.
! It is this: We have a report made by a standing
: committee which authoiv/is and advises the House
to pay $*250,000 for the purchase of Winder's
! building, now in tiie ocupancy of the Govern-
ment. I would most respectfully suggest to the
. consideration of the committee, that instead of
completing the wings of the Capitol, they should
; erect proper buildings for the Departments, so as
' to supersede the necessity of paying $.250,000 To
Mr. Winder for his building. This building,
I which has served all the purposes of Congnvs for
| the last thirty-odd years, will serveusa few years
1 longer.
>! I think there is something in <he suggestion ot
■ the sagacious gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cart-
ter,] that we know not how long the Capitol will
remain here. B«it, long or short, f say that, ac-
cording to my conceptions, there is no necessity
1 for expending four or five millions of dollars to
' build the wings of the Capitol.
! Let these gentlemen, from the cities of Philadel-
phia and Baltimore, who desire to quarter their
constituents on the Government, make application
directly, and I am willing, as o:ie member of this
■ House, limited as my means arc, ro assist these
suffering ladies and gentlemen: out i object—1
: protest, in behalf of my constituents, against the ,
i Quartering of any gentleman's constituent* on this :
(joverament.
Mr. MOORE, of Pennsylvania. I had intended ,
to say a word upon this subject; but, at the bo- j
: hcitation of gentlemen around me, I forbear to say
• more than that I am opposed to this amendment. >
The question was then taken on Mr. McMul-
lin's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment pro-
posed by the chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Stanton,] it was put, and that amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. ROBBINS moved that the committee do
now rise and report the bill, as amended, to the
House, with a recommendation that it do pass;
which motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly the joint resolution " to authoiize the con-
tinuance of the work on the two wings of the Cap-
itol," and had directed him to report the same to
the House, with an amendment, with a recom-
mendation that the amendment be concurred in,
and that the joint resolution do pass.
Air. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved the pre-
vious question on the adoption of the amendment.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
Mr. FICKLIN called for the reading of the
amendment, and it was read.
Air. SCURRY demanded the yeas and nays.
Air. FICKLIN asked for tellers on ordering the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. FITCH moved to lay the joint resolution
on the table; and on that motion he demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and theques-
I tion being put, it was decided in the negative—
| yeas 43, nays 124, as follow:
i YJJAS—Mes-rs. Aiken, Willi* Allen, John Appleton,
I Aveiett, Babeoek, lieaie. Brenton, Buell, Joseph Cable,
j Canter, Caskie, Chuichwell, Daniel, John G. Da\j^, Daw-
i sou, Dmimiek, Dunham, Kdgerton, Fickhn, Fitch, Floyd,
' Gamble, Green, Hendricks, Henri. Houston, Howard,
i Thorn a* Y. How, Jackson, Andrew Johnson, John John-
: son, McMullin, MeNnir, McQueen, Morrison, Murray,
j Nahers Oir. Andrew Parker, Scurry, George W. Tliomp-
I son, Townshend, and Wildnck—43.
i NAYS—Messrs. Abererorobie, Allison, William Apj>lc-
I tori, Ashe, Barrerre, Raitlett, Bell, Bennett, Bibighaus,
j Breckinridge, Brigss, Brooks, Albert O. Brown, George H.
! Brown, Burrows, Busby. E. Carnngton Cabell, Lewis I).
i Campbell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman,
Clark, Cleveland, Chngman. Cobb, Coleoek, Cottman,
■ Cullom, Curtis, Doekerv,Doty,Duncan, Durkee.En-.tman,
Evans, Ewiujr, Faulkner, Florence. Fowler, Henry M.
! Fuller, Gaylord, Gentry, Guiding, Goodenow, Gorman,
1 Grey, Grow. Hall, Hamilton, Harper, [sham G. Harris,
1 Sampson W. Harris, Haws, Hascall, Haven, Hebard, Hib
| hard, Ihllyer, HolJauay, Hoi-.ford, Thomas M- No we, tve-.,
i Jenkins, James Johnson, Darnel T Jones, G^t'iiru W,
- Jones, J. Glaney Jones, George G. Kinjr. KiiIiih, Kurtz,
! Letcher, Lockhart, Edward C. Marshall, liUfOplirey Mar
I shall, McCorkle. McDonald,Meade. Miller, Moior.y, Henry
! D. Moore, Morehead, Old", Sarnie.'! VY. l atk**r, Psaslee,
| IVnniman, Perkins Polk, Portei, Puce. Riddle. Robbsns,
' Sackett, Schooloiau, Schoonmaker, David L. Seymour,
Orifren S. .Seymour, Smart, Snntn, Snow, Stanlv, Fredeiiek
i P. Stanton, Richard TI. Stanton. Abraham 1*. Sloven-',
i Thaddcu- Stevens, Stone, Sfrauon, Stunst, Sutherland,
Tajlor, Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Tuck, Wallace,
1 Wal-h, Waid, Washburn. WatkiiM, Welch, WfS!-\ \ddi-
1 son White, Alexander White, Williams, Woodward, and
, Yate^-124.
: So the House refused to lay the joint lesolutiou
upon the table.
! The question recurring on the adoption of the
'i amendment, it was put and the nmend'nciit was
.: agreed to.
The question then was ordering the jo.nt ieso-
■ iuixon to a third reading; and, being put, it was
so ordcre'"'
1 The joint resolution having been read a third
time,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, moved tbe pre-
vious question on its passage.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be now put; and,
beinir put, the joint resolution was ptisseJ.
Mr.STANTON,ofKentucky, moved to reoen-
, sidei the vote by which the joint rei$oluti'>n was
| passed, and to lay the motion to reconsalei upon
■ the table; which latter motion way agreed to.
On motion by Mr. POLK, the House then ad-
; journed till Monday.
' PETITION'S, Stc.
i Tno foilnwuirr pftinonr-, memorials, &C-, we^f p~~.^t'iiieu
under the rule, and referred totls« appropriate ^cnimtiees .
By Mr. IVES: The petition of Smith Partlet and SO
others, for an appropriation for a survey o:' The haibor at
Cape Vincent, New York*
