THE - CONGRESSIONAL" UhOBE.
XX111
of Virginia for like services, as prescribed, by this
act.
Sec. 1G. And be it further enacted, That the ac-
counts of Adjutant General Roger Jones shall be
settled by the accounting officers of the Treasury
according to equity and justi&e, and in such man-
ner as to allow the pay-and emoluments of His
commission of Adjutant General from'the time of
the reduction of the Army, in one thousand eight
hundred and twenty-one, to March seventh, one
thousand eight hundred and twenty-five, when he
was restored to his rank and commission in the
staff of the Army: Provided, That the pay and
emoluments of captain of artillery during the tarae
period be deducted therefrom.
Sec. 17. Andbcit further enacted, That the ac-
counting officers of the United States Treasury are
hereby directed to ascertain the amount justly due
to Henry L. Kennev for subsistence, medicine,
forage, &c., furnished by him to the company of
Texas mounted volunteers, commanded by Cap-
tain CharlesM. Blackwell, from September tenth,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, to December
tenth, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, and pay
him the Rime out of the sum of seventy-two thou-
sand dollars already appropriated for such pur-
pose, by virtue of the second section of an act
entitled "An act making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulation? with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,5'approved
September thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty:
Provided, That the same shall not exceed the sum
of six thousand one hundred and fourteen dollars
and seventy-six cents.
Sec. 18. Arid be- it farther enacted, That the
board of officers designated by the act of the thiid
of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
one, to procure sites for the military asylums, by
and with theapproval of the President of the Uni-
ted States, be, and they or a part of them are
hereby, authorized to examine the Blue Lick
Springs and the land attached thereto, and if the
same be found eligible for the purpose, and can be
secured of the proprietors, or any suitable quan-
tity of the land, including the buildings, at a rea-
sonable price, to purchase the same for the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and locate thereon
the Western Military Asylum.
Approved, August 31, 1859.
Public, LV1.—Jin Act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year aiding the thirtieth of June, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-three, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and IIo,use of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of JImerica in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated for the service of
the Post Office Department, for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-three, out of any moneys in the Treasury
arising from the revenues of the said Department,
in conformity to the act of the secondof July, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and for
other purposes, viz:
For transportation of the mails, four millions
one hundred thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, including the
additional compensation authorized by the sixth
section of the act to reduce and modify the rates
of postage, approved third March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-one, two millions and twen-
ty-two thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, being the dif-
ference between the sum of one million eight hun-
dred and seventy-five thousand dollars, appropri-
ated for the fiscal year ending thirtieth of June,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two, and the
estimated amount of their compensation for the
same vem*, including the additional allowances
authorized by the sixth section of the act of third
of March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-
one, reducing the rates of postage, one hundred
and forty-seven thousand dollars.
For clerks in the offices of postmasters, four
hundred and thirty thousand dollars.
For ship, steamboat, and way-letters, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For wrapping paper, forty thousand dollars.
Foroflice'furniture for the offices of postmasters,
nine thousand dollars.
For advertising, seventy thousand dollars. <-
For mail bags, fifty thousand dollars.
For blanks, forty-five thousand dollars.
For mail locks, keys, and stamps, ten thousand
dollars.-,
For mail-depredations and special agents, forty-
five thousand dollars: Also, twenty-five hundred
dollars, out of which-the Postmaster General is
directed to pay sixteen hundred and sixty-six dol-
lars and sixty-six cents to the late Assistant Post- i
master General, for his services performed by di- i
rection of the Postmaster General subsequent to j
the first of April, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
when his resignation took effect, in the organiza-
tion of the mail service in California, approved by
the joint resolution "to legalize certain contracts
for the transportation of the mails in California
and Oregon," approved January the thirteenth,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and the residue,
or so much therebf as may be necessary, be ap-
plied to settle and pay his expenses.
For miscellaneous items, ninety thousand dol-
lars .
For postage stamps, twenty thousand dollars.
For the publication of twenty-five thousand
copies of the laws and regulations of the Post
Office Department, and for arrears on the table of
post offices, seven thousand dollars.
To enable the Postmaster General to contract
for the transporting the mail by steamboat from
the Lake House to New Iberia, on the route six
thousand one hundred and sixteen, from Donald-
sonville to Washington, in the State of Louisiana,
seven thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized,
whenever he shall deem it discreet, to dispense
with the route agents now sent with the mails
from New York to California, and in lieu thereof
to appoint not more than two resident agents to
take charge of the mail service across the Isthmus
of Panama, and to allow said agents for salary and
personal expenses not exceeding three thousand
dollars per year for each of such agents, which
shall be paid out of the amount annually appro-
priated for the transportation of the mails.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the sala-
ry of the route agents be, and the same is hereby,
increased to one thousand dollars per annum.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That the Post-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized, if
he shall deem it proper to advertise for and estab-
lish service upon the regular mail route between
New Orleans and certain gulf ports of Florida.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General is authorized to contract with the
Ocean Steam Navigation Company for one addi-
tional trip on the flavre line, and one additional
trip on the Bremen line, until the expiiafion of
their existing contract, receiving and delivering
mails at Southampton, Cowes, or Plymouth, as
the Postmaster General may direct, according to
such schedule as sh.ill be prescribed by the Post-
master General, in order thereby to maintain
through such lines, and the Coliins line, a regular
weekly communication by American mail Steam-
ers between the United States and the United King-
dom of Great Britain and Ireland; botthecompen-
sation for such additional trips shall not exceed
the compensation allowed for each trip under the
said existing contract: And provided farther, That
the Postmaster General shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized, in his discretion, to negotiate with the
contractors for changing the terminus of the Havre
line from Havre to Antwerp, in Belgium, and to
make an agreement for such change, if he shall
think proper; but the increased compensation to
be allowed for such change shall be limited to a
pro rata allowance for the increased distance.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted* That the
bridges across the Ohio river at Wheeling, in the
State of Virginia, and at Bridgeport, m the State
of Ohio, abutting on Zane's Island, m said river,
are hereby declared to be lawful structures in
their present position and elevation, and shall be
so held and taken to be, anything in any law or
laws of the United States to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the said
bridges are declared to be and are established post
roads for the passage of the mails of the United
States, and that the Wheeling and Belmont Bridge
Company are authorized to have and maintain
their said bridges at their present site and eleva-
tion;-and the officers and crew of all vessels and
boats navigating said river are required to regulate
the use of their said vessels and boats, and of any
pipes or chimneys belonging thereto, so as not to
interfere with the elevation and construction of
said bridges.
Approved, August 31, 1852.
Public, LVII.—An Act making Appropriation for
the current and contingent expenses (jf the Indian
Department, and for fulfilling Treaty stipulations
with various Indian Tribes, for the year ending
Jane thirtieth, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-three.
Be it enacted b\j the Senate and House qf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Amcrictfin Congress
assembled, That the following sums be. and they
are hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian Department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes:
For the cm-rent and contingent expenses of the Z«-
dian Department, viz: For the pay of Superintend-
ents of Indian Affairs, per acts of fifth of June,
eighteen hundred and fifty, and twenty-seventh
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of the several Indian agents, per
acts of fifth June, eighteen hundred and fifty,
twenty-eighth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty, and twenty-seventh February, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, forty-three thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of thirtieth
June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, and
twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, twenty-eight thousand dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at St.
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at Van
Buren, Arkansas, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-yix, one thousand
dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For repairs of buildings at agencies, two thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies of the Indian Department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
To the Christian Indians.—For permanent an-
nuity, stipulated in the acts ol May twenty-sixth,
eighteen hundred and twenty-four, and May
twentieth, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, four
hundred dollars.
To'the Chippewas of Saginaw.—For permanent
annuity, stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty
of third of August, seventeen huudred and ninety-
five, one thousand dollats.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, eight hundred dol-
lars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fomth
article of the treaty of twenty-foui th of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and nineteen, one thousand
dollars.
F<>r permanent provision for the support of
blacksmiths, and for farming utensils and cattle,
and for the employment of persons to aid them in
aguculture, stipulated in the eighth article of the
treaty of the twenty-fourth of September, eighteen
hundred and nineteen, and the seventh article of
the treaty of fourteenth of January, eighteen bun-
dled and thirty-seven, two thousand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
s'lpulated in the sixth article of the treaty of the
fifth of August, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
one thousand dollais.
Chippeicasyjilenoiiionies, lllnnebagoes, and New
York Indians.—For education during the pleasure
of Congress, stipulated in the fifth article of the
treaty of the eleventh of August, eighteen hundred
and twenty-seven, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
Choctaws.—For permanent annuity, stipulated
in the second article of the treaty of sixteenth of
November, eighteen hundred and five, three thou-
sand dollars.
