1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
civil antecedents upon which the South could
rely; nor was there anything in the circumstances
- which brought about his nomination calculated to
inspire confidence. He had not in his letter of
accSptmce indorsed the compromise. Mr. T. con-
cluded by expressing his determination not to
support him for the Presidency. [See the speech
in the Appendix.]
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE next obtained the
floor, and addressed the committee upon the sub-
ject of the ocean mail steamers, and in opposition
to the payment out of the Federal Treasury of the
moneys of the people to keep up private enter-
prises. [His speech will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
^Mr. HOWARD here obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, who moved that
the committee rise; which motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly Houae bill No.
207, being the deficiency bill, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have a resolution I desire
to offer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have a priv-
ileged question, which 1 wish to bring before the
House. It is late in the session, and we have
spent a great deal of time unnecessarily, yet I
think there is a respect due, through us, "the rep-
resentatives of the people, to our great national
anniversary, and as it comes to-morrow, Sunday,
Monday will be celebrated as that day. 1 there-
fore move that when this House adjourns, it ad-
journ to meet on Tuesday next.
[Cries, " Agreed !" " Agreed! "]
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. The fourth of
July is to-morrow, and it will be passed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think it is evident there is
not a quorum here. I do not want to object to
the gentleman's resolution. I desire my resolu-
tion to be rend, and I should like the House to
agree to it, before it acts upon the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.]
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Joxes, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. The resolution 1 desire to
offer, is to make special orders of the appropria-
tion bills, leaving out the morning hour, and also
Fridays and Saturdays.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. There is no
necessity for such a resolution. The appropria-
tion bills take precedence now, when there are no
special orders.
Mr. HOUSTON. But if they are made the
special order, they will command more partic-
ularly the attention of the House.
Objection was made, and the resolution was not
received.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I wish to offer a reso-
lution which I send to the Clerk's table.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I object to it.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House ad-
journ.
The question was then taken on the motion to
adjourn, and there v/ere, upon a division—ayes 31,
noes Gl.
So the H^use refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. There is no
quorum, and I move the House adjourn.
Mr. NA RERS. J hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion for the purpose of explana-
tion.
Mr. STEPHENS. I withdraw my motion,
T;iE CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. NABERS. I desire to make a remark, to
explain a m:<tion I made this morning. It will be
remembered that I made amotion this morning to
reconsider the vote by which the Pennsylvania
contested-election rase was laid upon the table. I
was imUvedln make that motion out of courtesy
to some aent'emen upon this floor, and not because
I was in favor of it. After fuitiier consultation,
I understand it is desired that the motion should
not be rnnde. 1 therefore will not renew it.
Mr. STEPHENS. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman withdraw his motion for a moment?
Mr. STEPHENS. I will 1
Mr. MARSHALL. There is a bill which has
come from the Senate, and which lies upon the
Speaker's table. It will not take this House any
time to pass it. It is one which I have investi-
gated. It is for the relief of Mr. Benjamin S.
Roberts. The object of the bill is to restore to Mr.
Roberts, and give him the pay which would be
due to him as lieutenant for several years, from
the time he was driven from the Army to the time
when he was restored.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it.
On motion by Mr. STEPHENS,
The House then adjourned till Tuesday next.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following pehtions, memorials, &c , were presented
under the mle, and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. PORTER: The petition of Henry D. Evans and
other«, for a post route from Port William, ni Fianklin
county, to Hichwood^, in Wa<ihin£ton coimrv, Missouri.
By Mr. W1LLTAMS: The petition of Robert Brown
and 169 others, citizens of Madison courty, Tennessee, op-
posing the renewal of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. WASHBURN: The remmistiance of Elbiidge
Dole and others. cituen* of Penoh-cot county, Maine,
against the rencvvai of the Woodworth patent.
Bv Mr. C'OTTM\N : The petition of Jacob H. Sturgi.*,
G. W. P. Smith, Edward D. Martin, Dennard Williams*,
and 111 others, cifzens of the United States, remonstrating
against the removal of the port of entry, from Snow Hill to
New Town, ni Worcester county, Maryland.
Also, the resolutions ni' the Legislature of the State of
Maryland, praying Congre-& to pa->3 an act to remunerate
the heirs of the" Baron De Ka!b, foi the sorvicis of the said
Baron, who Jo?t his life at the battle of Camden, on the 16ih
of August, 1780.
Also, the petition of Charles Piiker, E. K. Wilson, John
Baywaid, Edward J. Wnimvnght, and 40 others, citizens
of tiie United Statf<3. in relation to the removal of the port
of entry from Snow Jlill to New Town, m Worcester coun-
ty, Marvland.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Jti/y 6, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate, accom- j,
;! ponied by statements of the amount paid by that j
i' Department and its several bureaus for printing, j,
!: binding, and stationery, from April 1, 1849, to jj
jj March 31, 1<~52; which was ordered to be laid on !
'j the table and printed.
ji Also, a repoit of the Secretary of Siate, made jl
ij in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in jj
i! relation to .the examination, promotion, classifica- j|
tion, and compensation, of the clerks in that De- I1
partment, in which the Secretary states that he is j
not able to ajree with the other heads of Depart- ,j
merits in the report which they have made to the j
Senate, a'nd that, in his opinion, it is not expedient [
to establish any board for the examination of can- .
didates, either for original appointment or for pro- ij
motion. The report was referred to the Commit- l|
tee oil Finance, and ordered to be printed,
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate resolutions of a public meeting, convened
at Parkville, Platte county, Missouri, pi aviog the
enactment of a law bv Congress providing for the
organization of the Terrnoiy of Nebraska, and
for the immediate settlement of the lands therein
from which the Indian title has been extinguished;
which were referred to the Committee on the Ter-
ritories.
Mr. WADE presented resolutions of the Mayor
and Council of Sandusky City, Ohio, in relation
to the construction of a canal around the Falls of
the Ohio river, on the north or Indiana side, and
praying an appropriation for that purpose; which
were referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
na's.
Also, two petitions of citizens of the_Weet, :
praying Congress to grant an appiopriation for j
the construction of a canal around the Fatls of the |
Ohio; which were referred to the Committee on j
Roads and Canals. , 1
Mr. WALKER, presented a. petition of the j
Working Man's League,of Mihvaukie, Wiscon- j
sin; and a petition of citizens of Pope county, II- j
'inois, praying that the bill now pending before I
Congress, common'v known as the " homestead j
bill," may become a'law; which were referred to '
the Committee on public Lands.
Also, an extract from the proceedings of the
Board of Health of Washington Citv, D. C., in
relation to the alanth.us or "tree ot Heaven,"
condemning it as a nuisance on account of its of-
| fensive odor when in flower, and declaring that
j the proposition before Congress to have it removed
from ths public grounds is regarded with great
favor by this Board; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of
George H. Derby, a second lieutenant of the
Corps of Topographical Engineers, praying that
a sum of money belonging to the United States,
stolen from him while in the dischargeof his duty,
may be allowed in the settlement of his accounts;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
j tion of citizens of Rock county, Wisconsin, pray-
i ing a grant of land to every citizen who is tne
j head of a family and not the owner of real prop-
| erty; which was referred to the Committee on
i Public Lands.
I Mr. HAMLIN presented a memorial, very nu-
I merously signed by citizens of North Newburg,
: Maine, in favor of the passage of the bill now
| before Congress commonly known as the " home-
; stead bill;" which was referred to the Committee
I on Public Lands.
i Mr. HAMLIN desired to say that he pursued
■ the same course with regard to this petition that
| he did to all others. He did not desire to be con-
i sidered as favorable to the object of a petition by
t presenting it.
! Mi. PRATT presented a resolution of the Le-
, gislature of Maryland, m favor of the enactment
i of a law granting compensation to the heirs of
I Baron De Kalb, for his services during the revo-
j iutionary war; which was referred to the Commit-
; tee on Revolutionary Claims.
| Mr. GWIN presented the petition of Jean De-
I plaigne, a French subject resident in Mexico, pray-
i ing indemnity for the loss of certain property
; seized by the naval force of the United States
i after the surrender of Fronterade Tabasco; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
, tions.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a petition of
: Peter McNortey and others, praying that the bill
now pending before Congress, commonly known
; as the "homestead bill," may become a law; which
may t
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PETITION WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Abner Hancock
files of tiie
sions.
on the
iennte, bo referred lo the Committee on Pen
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
: ftfr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred ths
petition of William Moss and Matthew Moss,
; praying to be allowed a higher grade ofcompen-
! sation for services rendered in the Post Office
I Department, submitted a report, accompanied by
i a bill for their relief; which was read and passed
j to the second reading. The report was ordered
' to be printed.
| Mr. FELCH, from the Committee on Public
1 Lands, to which v/ere referred sundry petitions
| from the Legislature and citizens of Florida; also
i a memorial from the Legislature of Alabama, in
I relation to school roads, reported a bill allowing
1 exchanges of school lands, and authorising selec-
tions for deficiencies in certain cases; which was
| read and passed to the second reading.
; He also, from the same committee, to which was
I referred the bill to authorize the school author-
i ities in the State of Florida to make certain selec-
I tions for school purposes, reported it back with-
I out amendment; which, on motion by Mr. Felch,
I was ordered tjj be laid on the table, as this biP
j merely related to a special purpose, while the one
j abc-e reported was general in its character.
[ He also, from the same committee, towhich
[ were refeired sundry memorials of citizens of
j Missouri, praying the establishment ofa land office
i at Salem, in that State, reported a hill to create
j; an additional land district in the State <JT Mis-
jj souri; which was read and passed to the second
h reeding.
[! He also, from the same committee, to which
h was referred the bill from the House ol Repre-
; sentatives to enable the Legislature of the Sia*e of
I, Indiana to dispose of the unsold saline lands m
i' said State, reported back the same without
i amendment; and said that as this bill merely
i removed the present restriction, putting the State
