THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XXV
January, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, two
thousand three hundred and four dollars.
Florida Indians or Scminoles.—For thirtieth of
thirty installments for blacksmiths'establishments,
stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty of the
eighteenth of September, eighteen hundred and
twenty-three, and the fourth article of the treaty of
the ninth of May, eighteen hundred and thirty-
two, one thousand dollars.
Por ninth of fifteen installments in goods, stipu-
lated in the sixth article of the treaty of the fourth
of January, eighteen hundred and forty-five, two
thousand dollars.
Por ninth of fifteen installments in money, stipu-
lated in the fourth article of the treaty of the fourth
of January, eighteen hundred and forty-five, thrte
thousand dollars.
lowas.—For interest on one hundred and fifty-
seven thousand five hundred dollars at five per
centum, stipulated in the second article of the treaty
of the nineteenth of October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight, seven thousand eight hundred and
seventy-five dollars.
Kickapoos.—Por nineteenth of nineteen install-
ments as an annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-fourth of Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five thousand
dollars.
Kansas.—For interest on two hundred thousand
dollars at five per centum, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the fourteenth of January,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, ten thousand dol-
lars.
Miamies.—Por permanent annuity, stipulated^!)
the fourth article of the treaty of the twenty-third
of October, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Por permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the fifth article of the treaty
of the sixth of October, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, seven hundred and twenty dollars.
Por iron, steel, &c., stipulated in the fifth arti-
cle of the treaty of the sixth of October, eighleen
hundred and eighteen, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
Por permanent provision for the purchase of
one thousand pounds of tobacco, two thousand
pounds of iron, and one thousand pounds of steel,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
twenty-third of October, eighteen hundred and
twenty-six, seven hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for pay of miller, in
lieu of gunsmith, stipulated in the fifth article of
the treaty of the sixth of October, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, and the fifth article of the treaty
of the twenty-fourth of October, eighteen hundred
and thirty-four, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for the purchase of one
hundred and sixty bushels of salt, stipulated in
the fifth article of the treaty of the sixth of Octo-
1 ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, three hundred
and twenty dollars.
For education and support of poor during the
pleasure of Congress, stipulated in the sixth article
of the treaty of the twenty-third of October, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-six, two thousand dol-
lars.
For twelfth of twenty installments m money,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
twenty-eighth of November, eighteen hundred and
forty, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for payment in lieu of
laborers, stipulated in the sixth article of the treaty
of the twenty-eighth of November, eighteen hun-
dred and forty, two hundred and fifty dollars.
For permanent provision for agricultural assist-
ance, stipulated in the fiith article of the treaty of
the sixth of October, eighteen hundred and eigh-
teen, two hundred dollars.
Eel Rivers, {Miamies).—For permanent annuity,
stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty of the
third of August, seventeen hundred and mnety-
iive, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the twenty-first of August,
eighteen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty
dollars. ,
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the thirtieth of Septembei,
eighteen hundred and nine, three hundred and
fifty dollars: Provided, That the money appropri-
ated by the three preceding clauses, together with
the similar appropriations in eighteen hundred and
fifty anfl eighteen hundred and fifty-one, for the
Eel Rivers, (Miamies,) heretofore withheld from
payment, shall be paid to said Eel Rivers (Mia-
mies) only, and to no other band, or nation, or
individuals; and that all the annuities heretofore
due and appropriated to the Eel Rivers (Miamies)
and erroneously or otherwise paid to the Miami
nation shall be repaid to the Eel Rivers (Miamies)
out of the money appropriated in eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-one, and eighleen hundred and fifty-
two, for payment of annuities to said Miami na-
tion; or if the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
deem it more expedient and just to the Indians,
shall be paid, and is hereby appropriated, out of the
Treasury of the United States, to be repaid to the
United States by being withheld from the Miami
annuities, in such installments as the Commissioner
may deem expedient.
Menomonus.—For seventeenth of twenty install-
ments as annuity, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the third of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six, twenty thousand dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments for two
blacksmiths and assistants, stipulated in the sec-
ond article of the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, one thousand
four hundred and forty dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments for iron,
steel, &c.,for shops,stipulated in the second arti-
cle of the treaty of the third of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-six, four hundred and
foriy dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of provisions, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, three thousand
dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of two thousand pounds of tobacco,
stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
third of September, eighteen hundred and thirty-
six, four hundied dollars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments for farm-
ing utensils and cattle, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the third of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, five hundred dol-
lars.
For seventeenth of twenty installments for thirty
barrels of salt, stipulated in the second article of
the treaty of the third of September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-six, one hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of their temporary removal and
provisions, from their present location to the dis-
trict of country on the Wolf and Oconto rivers,
designated in the report of Superintendent Murray
to the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, dated Sep-
tember thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
Omahas —For blacksmith and assistant during
the pleasure of the President, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of the fifteenth of July,
eighteen hundred and thirty, seven hundred and
twenty dollais.
Por iron, steel, &c., for shops, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth ar-
ticle of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty, two hundred and twenty dol-
lars.
For agricultural implements during the pleasure
of the President, stipulated ill the fourth article of
the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen hundred
and thirty, five hundred dollars.
To defray the expenses of a certain party of
Omaha Indians who visited the city of Washing-
ton during the month of February and March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, the same or so
much thereof as may be necessary, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the Interior,
three thousand dollars.
For the Omaha Indians, twenty-five thousand
dollars; five thousand thereof to be expended an-
nually, under the direction of the President, for
the relief and improvements of said Indians.
Oltoes and Missourias.—For education during
the pleasure of the President, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of the twenty-first of
September, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, five
hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer during the pleasure of the
President," stipulated in the fifth article of the
treaty of the twenty-first of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-three, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty, seven hundred and twenty
dollars.
For iron, steel, &c., during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the fifteenth of July, eighteen hundred
and thirty, two hundred and twenty dollars.
Oltowas.—For permanent annuity, stipulated in
the fourth arlicle of the treaty of the third of Au-
gust, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, one thou-
sand dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and seven, eight hundred
dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the seventeenth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one thousand
live hundred dollars.
Por permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of August,
eighteen hundred and twenty-one, one thousand
dollars.
Ottowasand Cliippewxs.—For eighteenth of twen-
ty installments, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the twenty-eighth day of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, thirty thousand
dollars.
For interest to be paid as annuity on two hun-
dred thousand dollars, at six per cent, per annum,
stipulated in the resolution of the Senate of the
twenty-seventh of May, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, twelve thousand dollars.
Por education for twenty years, and during the
pleasure of Congress, stipulated in the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, five thousand
dollars.
For missions for twenty years, and during the
pleasure of Congress, stipulated in the fourth ar-
ticle of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, three thousand
dollars.
Por vaccine matter, medicines, and pay of phy-
sicians, so long as the Indians remain on their res-
ervations, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the twenty-eighth of March, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six, three hundred dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of provisions, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of March,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, two thousand
dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of six thousand five hundred pounds of
tobacco, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the twenty-eighth of March, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six, eight hundred dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase of one hundred barrels of salt,stipulated
in the fourth article of the treaty of the twenty-
eighth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
two hundred dollars.
For eighteenth of twenty installments for the
purchase ol five hundred fish barrels, stipulated in
the fourth article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth
of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six, four
hundred dollars.
For three blacksmiths and assistants for twenty
years, and during the pleasure of Congress, stip-
ulated in the seventh article of the treaty of the
twenty-eighth of March, eighteen hundred and
thirty-six, two thousand one hundred and sixty
dollars.
For iron, steel, &c.,for shops, for twenty years,
and during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated in
the seventh article of the treaty of the twenty-
eighth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
six hundred and sixty dollars.
For gunsmith at Mackinac for twenty years,
and during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated in
the seventh article of the treaty of the twenty-
eighth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
six hundred dollars.
For iron, sleel,&c., for shop, for twenty years,
and during the pleasure of Congress, stipulated in
the seventh article of the treaty of the twenty-
eighth of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-six,
two hundred and twenty dollars.
For two farmers and ass'stant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the seventh
article of the treaty of the twenty-eighth ofMarch,
eighteen hundred and thirty-six, one thousand six
hundred dollars.
For two mechanics, during the pleasure of the
