1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
747
And, sir, if I were to consult my feelings and
my comfort-r— *
A Senator. And the galleries.
Mr. BORLAND. Yes, sir, and the galleries, I
would now be silent.
Sir, for two weeks past I have been beset daily
on ray way to and from the Capitol, not by per-
sons advocating the great interests of the coun-
try, or the passage of this bill on account of any
great public necessity, but by those who—from
considerations of personal interest, and in whose
feelings and wants I most deeply sympathize—
urge its passage as furnishing them employment.
That is, in effect, calling upon Congress to convert
this Government, in the administration of thepub-
iic funds, into a great national almshouse, and by
direct appropriations from the Treasury, to take
care of the poor—to feed the hungry, to clothe the
naked. Now, Mr. President, on the score of chari-
ty—while I have no professions to make—it is due
to myself, on tins occasion, to say that I believe
my heart is as warm, and my sympathies as deep
and as strong for the poor and the suffering, as
those of any advocateof this bill; and I trust i&m
prepared to go as far as any other man, in extending
all the aid in my power to those who need assist-
ance. Even, sir, in my legislative capacity, I think
I have manifested a disposition, upon this floor, to
go as far as the most liberal sense of public duty
'will permit for all objects of real merit. Sir, as
you know, I have been charged here with a lib-
erality amounting to extravagance.
It has been said, that the course I have advo-
cated iu regard to certain measures would bank-
rupt the Government, if carried out. Sir, what
were those measures to which I refer, and which
it was said, if carried out, would bankrupt the
Government? They were bills for the relief of
the widows and orphans of the gallant men who
have fallen in fighting the battles of our coun-
try; bills to give them the poor pittance of some
eight dollars a month, to supply to them some
pretence—and a mere pretence it was—as a sub-
stitute for those means of living which the service
of the country had taken from them, in taking
away, to return no more, their husbands and their
fathers. For advocating such measures as these
I have been charged with extravagance, with ad-
vocating a policy which would bankrupt the Gov-
ernment. Sir, to the extent to which I have gone
before in support of measures such as these I will
go again, and even further, if necessary; because
in them, and the whole length their policy would
carry us, 1 see no sound principle violated and no
cause to fear injury to any legitimate interest.
The i.dea of Government bankrupt from such a
policy is, in my opinion, preposterous. It is not
m giving to these widows and orphans the paltry
sums of eight dollars a month that we will do this
mischief. It is not by means like these, small in
their actual amount and limited by the class to
which they belong, that we are to bring about the
evils of heavy taxation and extravagant appropri-
ations of the public money. Sir, 1 think the Con-
stitution and our duty, as men and as legislators,
upon considerations of sound policy, not only per-
mit but require us to make such appropriations as
I have mentioned, and to make them liberally. I
will not go into the reasons now which lead me to
that conclusion.
But. Mr. President, I come now to ask, what
consideration of public policy, what important or
pressing public interest, what public necessity re-
quires this appropriation of half a million of dol-
lars? And especially do I desire to understand
the reasons which induce its advocates to ask its
passage upon such short notice; to press it upon us
in such hot haste; to seek to avoid even the usual,
the i egular, and, in my opinion, the very necessary
*tfid proper reference of it to the appropriate com-
mittee? Sir, the consideration of this subject is
sprung upon us this morning unexpectedly, and, as
I think, in a most extraordinary manner. For my-
self, although I have been thinking of it sinre I
heard of its passage in the House on Saturday
last, it has been only in a general way, and I am
not prepared, on the spur of the moment, with the
facts which belong to and the considerations which
grow out of it, in a way to do justice to the sub-
ject or my own views. But compelled, as I am,
to speak—if I speak at all, with my thoughts thus
crude and unarranged, I shall still speak plainly
"what I do think, and as briefly as I can.
Mr. President, I will not now go into the ques-
tion as to whether this extension of the public
buildings be necessary and proper or not. But I
think it could be clearly shown by any one who
would take the trouble to investigate it, that it is
neither proper nor necessary. It has been said, I
know, that the Chambers of the two Houses of
Congress are not large enough. Now, 1 appeal to
every one who hears me if there is any foundation,
in fact, for such a position ? Whoever will look
around him will find, I think, the Chamber is not
only large enough now, but likely to be so for
years to come. And even if they are not, or shall
not be, there is room enough within the outside
walls of this Capitol which, with a comparatively
small appropriation of money, could be so dis-
posed of as to enlarge the rooms and improve
their construction to an extent which would be
ample, commodious, and comfortable for both
Houses, with all their increase and all our officers,
for the next fifty years. That this is so, and sus-
ceptible of demonstration, I cannot question, un-
less I reject the evidence of my senses.
But, sir, suppose, for the argument, that this
extension of the Capitol is now required, how is it
to be done; how has it been done; how has the
plan adopted been so far executed; how has the
money heretofore appropriated been used? I do
not undertake to say that this money has been
improperly expended But can any one upon this
floor tell me how it has been used ? Do we know
that it has been faithfully, properly, and econom-
ically exrended for the purpose to which it was
appropriated? Sir, I am not an architect; ] am not
a stone-mason, nor a builder; but I think I have
seen enough of the manner in which building is
usually carried on to authorize me in saying, from
what I have also seen of this, that no private man
in this country, not a member of this body, who,
with the means of building for himself, would ever
permit work to be done for him, and at his cost,
as this has been done. X say not this now of the
quality of the work, but of the mode in which it
has been done. J have, in passing through the
grounds, sir, been unable to avoid seeins: the man-
ner in which this work has been carried on; and
I do not hesitate to express the opinion that it
must have been at an expense from five to ten
times as great as any prudent private individual
would have incurred in the same quantity and
kind of work'on his own account.
And now, a word as to the quality of the work.
As I said, I am not an architect, nor a stone ma-
son, and, therefore, have not made a thorough
examination of this point; so T do not undertake
to say positively that this work has not been done
faithfully, and in a workmanlike manner. But
there is some reason for believing that it has not
been. This we do know—a committee of the
House of Representatives has been appointed to
examine and report whether it be so or not. I
have been told, on several occasions, that that
committee was satisfied that the work was well
done; had ceased their examinations, and aban-
doned their opposition to the progress of the
work. I am authorized to say that this is not the
case. It so happens that I am on terms of person-
al intimacy with the chairman of that committee,
and 1 learn from him that so far from being satis-
fied with the work, the very reverse is true; and he
is convinced that the apprehensions which led to
the investigation are founded in fact; that from i
actual examination he does not hesitate to pro- ;
i nounce the work unfaithfully and badly done;
that the foundations are not built of materials, or i
put together in such manner as to be safe and !
secure for the edifice to be raised upon them.
Mr. MA.NGUM. Who is the chairman of
that committee ?
Mr. BORLAND. Mr. Mc.Nair, of Pennsyl-
vania. In the candor and fairness of that gentle-
man I have entire confidence; and for his judg-
ment I have great respect. He may be wrong;
but I understand that a majority of the commit-
, tee agree with him fully. I learn from him that
j they "were utterly amazed when they came to ex-
i amine the work, and found of what miserable
| stuff it consisted. And permit me to say that I
i have some knowledge upon this point from my
I own personal observation. When my attention
' was called to it, as I was passing a portion of the
' wall, I, with the toeof my boot, pushed out from
| between the stones portions of the mortar, after
j the work had been standing for months. I con-
■i fess that this astonished me. But, sir, the next
I morning I saw what was not less significant. I
found some of the workmen, trowel in hand,
j scraping out that portion of the mortar I had tested
, with my boot toe, and replacing it with new mortar.
! How it may be in the interior of the wall I do not
pretend to know. That is what I found on the sur-
face. But Uearn from thecommitteeihatthevfound
! several portions,of the wail filled in with loose
i sand, and mortar with little or no tenacity; and
that there are no girders or binders as they are
called; so that the work, thus imperfectly done,
is liable to be crushed down by the immense
1 weight which, if it progresses, must be placed
! upon it. Now these are statements of gentlemen
i in whose integrity I have perfect confidence, and
I for whose judgment I have very great respect.
Again, sir, I have learned that the stone of
! which these foundations have been built, has not
; been subjected to that preparatory test which is
customary among builders to determine its capa-
bility to sustain the almost countless tons of weight
to be piled upon it. And I have never heard the
statement contradicted, although it has been made
long ago. Moreover, it is also sc id that this stone
has been procured from a condemned and ) ejected
quarry—that its use was undertaken for the
foundation of the Washington Monument, but
being found not to stand the testof strength, it was
rejected. These are important points. I may be
misinformed upon them. If so, I desire correct
information, and will be obliged to any gentleman
who will give it to me.
Such, then, I am left to believe, is the result
now before us; sucn the material, and such the
manner in which it has been woiked up into
what is called the foundations of the exten-
sion of the Capitol, for which we have already
paid $100,00(1. Is the work worth the money ' I
do not think it is. From the best information I
have been able to obtain, and to which I have
alluded, it is not only not worth what we have
already paid for it, but, if received and adopted as*#
the foundation upon which the superstructure is to
be raised, it will be a dead loss in itself, and will
occasion the loss of the millions besides which we
shall be called upon to expend in raising that super-
structure; for, by the time, or before, the topmost
stone shall have been set in its place, the whole
structure, unsubstantial and insecure m its founda-
tions—a house built upon the sand, crushed down
with its own weight, like those frail edifices built
for speculation in some of the northern towns, of
which we frequently read accounts—will tumble to
the ground, forming at once a monument of ruins
to the genius of corruption, and a mausoleum to
its dupes.
Sir, will or can any one tell me of the manner
in which the $100,000 we have heretofore appro-
priated has been dispensed by and to its recipients ?
1 have been told—-if incorrectly, I hope some one
will set me right—that the whole of this amount
has been paid out of the Treasury, in sums vary-
ing from $5,000 to $20,000, upon the simple order,
without the usual vouchers, of the architect—a new
officer of our Government, not known, that I am
aware, to the Constitution or the laws—a sort of
presidential creation—and sustaining to Congress
no relations of personal or official lesponsibility
whatever. And these sums—embracing, in the
aggregate, the whole amount of the appropriation,
drawn upon this simple order of the architect,
without vouchers, except such as he may choose
to furnish after the expenditure—aie dispensed at
his will and discretion I
And now, sir, it is proposed by this resolution,
hastily, withoutnotice, withontinvestigation, with-
■ out even permitting a committee to examine it, to
■ put five times much as at first—half a million of
\ dollars—in the same hands, for a similar purpose;
indeed, a continuation of the very same work, and
! to be dispensed in the very same way.
I Mr. BADGER. Will my friend from Arkan-
1 sas allow me ?
| Mr. BORLAND. Certainly.
Mr. BADGER. My friend from Arkansas is,
' no doubt, correct in saying that the money is
: called for upon the draft or order of the architect,
1 and the reason is, that the act of Congress directed
the money to be employed in erecting these wings
to be disbursed by the superintendent of the work.
' The money is drawn out of the Treasury in the
: same way that all other money is drawn out, and
I is accounted foi in precisely the same way.
i! Mr. BORLAND. Well, sir, I am very glad to
