THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XXVII
sum of sixty-nine thousand dollars, (to be added
to the trust fund provided forin the fourth article,)
being the amount allowed in lieu of the reservation
of lands set apart by the third article, containing
six hundred and ninety thousand acres, at ten
cents per acre, per Senate's amendment to the
aforesaid treaty,-three thousand four hundred and
fifty dollars: Provided, That no portion of the
money appropriated for thepurpose aforesaid shall
be applied until said Indiansshall express their ab-
sent to the treaty as amended by the Senate. 1
Sacs and Mixes of Missouri.—For interest'on one
hundred arid "fifty-seven thousand four hundred
dollars, at five per centum, stipulated in the second
article of the treaty of the twenty-first of October,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, seven thousand
eight hundred and seventy dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.—For permanent
annuity, stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of the third of November, eighteen hundred and
four, one thousand dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments, as annu-
ity, stipulated in the third article of the treaty of
the twenty-first of September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments for gun-
smith, stipulated in the fourth article of the treaty
of the twenty-first of September, eighteen hundred
and thirty-two, six hundred-dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments for iron,
steel, &c., for shop, stipulated in the'fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments for black-
smith and assistant, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred
and forty dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments for iron,
steel, &c., for shop, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-t-ivo, two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments for forty
barrels of salt, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the twenty-first of September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, two hundred dollars.
For twenty-first of thirty installments for fflrty
kegs of tobacco, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred
dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the twenty-first of October, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-seven, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum, stipulated in the second article
of the treaty of the eleventh of October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, forty thousand dollars.
Shawnees.—For permanent annuity, stipulated
in the fourth article of the treaty of the third of
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, one
thousand dollars.
For permanent, annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth of Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen, two thou-
sand dollars.
For permanent provision for the purchase of
salt, stipulated in the third article of the treaty of
the seventh of June, eighteen hundred and three,
sixty dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the eighth of August, eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, eight hundred and forty
dollars.
For iron, steel, &c., during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the eighth of August, eighteen hundred
and thirty-one, two hundred and twenty dollars.
Seneca's and Shavmees.—For permanent annuity,
stipulated in the fouith article of the treaty of the
seventeenth of September, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, one thousand dollars.
tor blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twentieth of July, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-one, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars. , .
For iron, steel, &c., for shops, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twentieth of July, eighteen
-hundred and thirty-one, two hundred and twenty
dollars.
Sen-ecas.—For permanent annuity, stipulated in
the fourth article of the treaty of the twenty-ninth
of September, eighteen hundred and seventeen,
five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity, stipulated in the fourth
article-of the treaty of the seventeenth of Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and eighteen, five hundred
dollars.
'For blacksmith and assistant, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in thefourth article
of the treaty of" the twehty-eighth of February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, eight hundred
and forty dollars.
For iron, steel, &c., for shop, during the pleas-
ure of the President, stipulated in the fourth article
of the treaty of the twenty-eighth of February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, two hundred and
twenty dollars.
For p.ay of miller, during the pleasure of the
President, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the twenty-eighth of February eighteen
hundred and thirty-one, six hundred dollars.
Wyandots.—For permanent annuity, stipulated
in the third article of the treaty of the seventeenth
of March, eighteen hundred and forty-two, seven-
teen thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent provision, for blacksmith and
assistant, stipulated in the eighth article of the
treaty of the seventeenth of March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, eight hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For permanent provision for iron, steel, &c.,
for shop, stipulated in the eighth article of the
treaty of the seventeenth of March, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, three hundfed and seventy
dollars.
For permanent provision for education, stipu-
lated in the fourth article of the treaty of the seven-
teenth of March, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
five hundred dollars.
jycas,—For permanent annuity, stipulated in the
fifth article of the treaty of the second of October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, three thousand
dollars.
Winnebagoes.-—For twenty-fourth of thirty in-
stallments as annuity, stipulated in the second ar-
ticle of the treaty of the first of August, eighteen |
hundred and twenty-nine, eighteen thousand dol- 1
lars.
For twenty-first of twenty-seven installments as
annuity, stipulated in the third article of the treaty
of the fifteenth of September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, ten thousand dollars.
For twenty-fourth of thirty installments, for the
purchase of fifty barrels of salt, stipulated in the
second article of the treaty of the first of August,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
i and fifty dollars.
| X?or twenty-fourth of thirty installments for the
| purchase of three thousand pounds of tobacco,
i stipulated in the second article of the treaty of the
! first of August, eighteen hundred and twenty-nine,
I six hundred dollars.
i For twenty-firstoftwenty-seveninstallments, for
; the purchase of one thousand five hundred pounds
j of tobacco, stipulated in the fifth article of the i
treaty of the fifteenth of September, eighteen hun-
! died and thirty-two, three hundred dollars.
i For twenty-fourth of thirty installments for three ,
l blacksmiths and assistants, stipulated in the third
article of the treaty of the first of August, eighteen i
i hundred and twenty-nine, two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars.
For payment of reasonable compensation, trav-
eling, transportation, and subsistence of A. M.
Mitchell and aposse of citizens of Minnesota Ter-
ritory, summoned by him white marshal of said i Indians, in
i Territory, and engaged in the suppiession of In- j and forty-n:
dian disturbances in said 'lerritory, about the j nection line
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty, their
accounts to be settled, and payment made under ;
■ the order and direction of the Secretary of the j
' Treasury, one thousand six hundred dollars. i
For twenty-fourth of thirty installments for iron, ,
steel, &c., for shop, stipulated in the third article ;
of the treaty of the first of August, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-nine, six hundred and sixty dol- |
: lars. !
| For twenty-fourth of thirty installments for |
laborers and oxen, stipulated in the third article of
and twenty-ftine, three hundred -and sixty-five
dollars.
For twenty-first of twenty-seven installments for
education, stipulated in the fourth article of the
treaty of the fifteenth of September, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, three thousand dollars.
For twenty-first of twenty-seven installments for
six agriculturists, purchase of oxen, plows, and
other implements, stipulated in the fifth article of
the treaty of the^ fifteenth of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars. ' " 1 • "•
For twenty-first oftwenty-seven installments for
pay of two physicians, stipulated in the fifth article
of the treaty of the fifteenth of September, eighteen
hundred and thirty-two, four hundred dollars.
For interest on one million one hundred thou-
sand dollars, at five per centum, stipulated in the
fourth article of the treaty of the first of Novem-
ber, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifty-fixe
thousand dollars.
For interest on eighty-five thousand dollars", at
five per centum, stipulated in the fourth article of
the treaty of the thirteenth of Octoher, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, four thousand two hundrfd
and fifty dollars.
For payment to the heirs of Cyrus Choice, the
balance due for services rendered by him as acting
Indian agent in New Mexico, from- the ninth- of
December, eighteen hundred and forty-nine, to
the fourteenth of September, eighteen hundred and
fifty, at the rate of fifteen hundred and fifty dol-
lars per annum, after deducting the sum of fifty
dollars heretofore paid to Cyrus Choice, one thou-
sand one hundred and thirty-seven dollars and
seventy-six cents.
For* payment to Presha Bedwell, (formerly
Preslia Foreman,) being the amount of an award
by the Cherokee commissioners in her favor,
which was erroneously paid by a former Chero-
kee agent to some one who personated the proper
claimant, the sum of four hundred and sixty-four
dollars.
For payment to Horsefly, being the amount of
an award by the first board of Cherokee commis-
sioners, less the amount of six dollars, allowed as
fee to the attorney, for an impiovement belonging
to Tiany, (the deceased wife of Horsefly,) im-
properly valued and paid for to Tawney, of the
same town in the country east, the sum of fifty-
four dollars.
For payment to Se-ka-wee, a Cherokee, only
heir of Woo-tee-ti-eh, deceased, for an improve-
ment in Turkeytown valley, Alabama, which wes
improperly valued and paid for to Rachael Bright,
a white woman, the said Woo-tee-ti-eh, deceased,
being the rightful owner, the sum of one hundred
and "sixty-six dollars and fifty cents.
For compensation to three special agents atid
four interpreters for the Indian tribes of Texas,
and for the purchase of presents, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For presents to the Camanches, Kiaways, and
other Indians on the Arkansas river, and to ena-
blethe President to treat with said Indians, twenty
thousand dollars.
For defraying expenses incident to the visit of
the Pueblo Indians, and their attendants, from
New Mexico to Washington, and to defray their
expenses to their homes, the sum of seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For general objects incident to Indian service in
New Mexico, twenty thousand dollars.
For expenses of running and marking the east-
ern boundary line of the Creek country west of
Arkansas, seven thousand nine hundred and ninety
dollars.
For payment to James M. Marsh, to cover the
1 loss of his property destroyed by a band nfoi'.-nx
Indians, in the month of July, eighteen hundred
me, while extending " the second con-
of the public surveys in the State of
Iowa to the Missouri river, under contract with
C. H. Booth, Surveyor General of the United
States, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For expenses of the California snperintendency,
] to wit: salary of Superintendent, four thousand
i dollars; salary of clerk to Superintendent, two
! thousand five'hundred dollars; office rent, station-
! ery, fuel and lights, and postage on official letters,
; three thousand five hundred; interpreters, three
j thousand dollars.
For the preservation of peace with those Indians
the treaty of the first of August, eighteen hundred j| who have been dispossessed of their lands in Cali-
