XXV111
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
forma, until permanent arrangements be made for
their future settlement, the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars; Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall be so construed as to imply an ob-
ligation on the part of the United States to feed and
suppprt'the Indians who have been dispossessed
of their land in California.
Furniture for Superintendent's office, five hun-
dred dollars.
Flags for distribution among the tribes, five
hundred dollars.
Sec. 2 And be it further enacted, That for ex-
penses of compiling maps, under the supervision
of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, for the use
of the committees of the Senate, and House of Rep-
resentatives, and Indian Bureau, showing the pres-
ent boundaries of the Indian territory, and the
location of the various Indian tribes within the
United States, five hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no part
of the appropriations herein made, or that may
hereafter be made, for the benefit of any Indian,
or tribe, or part of a tribe of Indians, shall be paid
to any attorney or agent of such Indian, or tribe,
or part of a tribe; but shall in every case be paid
directly to the Indian or Indians themselves to
whom it shall be due, or to the tribe or part of a
tribe per capita, unless the imperious interests of
the Indian or Indians, or some treaty stipulation,
shall require the payment to be made otherwise,
under the direction of the President. Nor shall
the lixecutive branch of the Government, now or
hereafter, recognize any contract between any In-
dian, or tribe, or part of a tribe, and any attorney
or agent for the prosecution of any claim against
the Government under this act.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
Public, LVIII.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Improvement of certain Harbors and Rivers.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,, That the following sums of money be,
and the same are hereby, appropriated, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated,and to be expended under thesuper-
intetidence of the Secretary of War, for the follow-
ing purposes, to wit:
For the continuation of the Delaware break-
water, thirty thousand dollars.
For the construction of a harbor on the east side
of Reedy Island, Port Penn, Delaware, fifty-one
thousand and ninety dollars.
For the repairs of the works at the harbor of
Chester, on the Delaware river, five thousand dol-
lars.
For the removal of obstructions in the Savannah
river, at a place called the Wrecks, and the im-
provement of the navigation of said river, forty
thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the naviga-
tion of the'Hudson river, above and below Albany,
and not above Troy, fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the navigation of the
Mississippi river, below the rapids, ninety thou-
sand dollars; the Ohio, including the repairs of the
dam at Cumberland Island, ninety thousand dol-
lars; the Missouri and the Arkansas rivers, each
forty thousand dollars; and for the construction
and repairof snag-boats, dredge-boats, discharging
scows, and machinery to be used on the Missis-
sippi, Ohio, Missouri, Arkansas, and other west-
ern rivers, one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the James and Appo-
mattox rivers, below the cities of Richmond and
Petersburg, forty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Rock River Rapids,
and the Des Moines Rapids in the Mississippi
river, at the lower chain and the English chain,
one hundred thousand dollars.
For opening a ship channel of sufficient ca-
pacity to accommodate the wants of commerce
through the most convenient pass leading from the
Mississippi river into the Gulf of Mexico, seventy-
five thousand dollars. And it shall be the duty of
the Secretary of War to apply said moneys to the
opening of said ship channel by contract, and at
An early day in the next session of Congress to
report the progress of the work, the amount ne-
cessary to complete it, and an estimate of the an-
nual cost of keeping said channel open; and any
contract made shall be limited to the amount hereby
appropriated.
For removing the raft of Red river, one hundred
! thousand dollars, and that the Secretary of War
] be authorized to contract with the lowest respon-
j sible bidder, within this appropriation, for the re-
moval of said raft after reasonable public notice.
For the improvement of the navigation of the
Colorado river, Texas, twenty thousand dollars.
For the,survey of the Trinity river, Texas, in-
cluding the bar at the mouth, three thousand dol-
lars.
For a breakwater at Richmond Island harbor,
and repairing the breakwater in Portland harbor,
Maine, ten thousand dollars.
For removing the rocks obstructing the naviga-
tion near Falls island, Cobscook Bay, Maine, five
thousand dollars.
For a survey in reference to the construction of
a breakwater on the eastern side of the Island of
Matinicus, Maine, one thousand dollars.
For the protection of Great Brewster Island, in
the harbor of Boston, thirty thousand dollars.
For the preservation of Cape Cod harbor, at
and near Provincetown, Massachusetts, five thou-
sand dollars.
For repairing the breakwater at Hyannis har-
bor, Massachusetts, five thousand dollars.
For the preservation of Great Woods Hole har-
bor, two,thousand five hundred dollars.
For a survey in reference to the construction of
a breakwater at East Dennis, Barnstable Bay,
Massachusetts, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For repairing the injuries done to the Govern-
ment works on Plymouth beach, in the great storm
of eighteen hundred and fifty-one, five thousand
dollars.
For a survey in reference to the improvement
of the haibor of Scituate, in connection with the
North river, Massachusetts, one thousand dollars.
For the removal of Middle Rock, designated on
the chart as Rocky buoy, in the harbor of New
Haven, Connecticut, six thousand dollars.
For removing a rock near the mouth of the Se-
konk river, harbor of Providence, Rhode Island,
five thousand dollars.
For the further improvement of the harbor of
New York, by removing the rocks at Hell Gate
and Diamond reef, in the East river, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For a survey of the harbor of Port Jefferson,
New York, with reference to the improvement
thereof, twelve hundred dollars.
For the removal of the bar at the junction of the
Passaic and Hackensack rivers, in Newark Bay,
New Jersey, ten thousand dollars.
For the survey of Cranbury Inlet, Barnegat
Bay, New Jersey, in reference to its improvement,
one thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the Patapsco river, from
Fort McHenry to the mouth of said river, twenty
thousand dollars.
For the construction of a steam-dredge, equip-
ment and discharging-scows, for the waters of the
Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic coast, twenty
thousand dollars.
For removing obstructions at the mouth of the
Susquehanna river, near Havre-de-Grace, Mary-
land, ten thousand dollars.
For reopening a communication between Albe-
marle Sound, North Carolina, and the Atlantic
ocean, by the construction of a breakwater across
Croatan Sound, fifty thousand dollars.
For completing the improvement of the harbor
of Washington, North Carolina, five thousand
dollars.
For the improvement of the harbor of Charles-
ton, South Carohiia, fifty thousand dollars.
For the irnprovement of the harbor of Mobile,
Alabama, at Dog River Bar and the Choctaw Pass,
fifty thousand dollars.
For a survey in reference to the removal of ob- !
structions to the navigation of Bayou La Fourche, !
Louisiana, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the construction of a harbor on Lake Pon-
chartrain, near the city of New Orleans, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
For continuing the surveys of the northern and
northwestern lakes, including Lake Superior,
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the harbor of Manitou-
woc, Wisconsin, eight thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the harbor of Sheboy-
gan, Wisconsin, ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Racine, Wisconsin, ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Wilwaukie, Wisconsin,fifteen thousand dollars,
to be expended at the pointon the Milwaukie river
known as the "North Cut," surveyed by Lieu-
tenant Centre.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Kenosha, (formerly South Port,) Wisconsin,
ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Chicago, Illinois, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Michigan City, Indiana, or the laying down of
a floating breakwater and safety anchorage, as the
Secretary of War may determine, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For the improvement of the harborof New Buf-
falo, Michigan, eight thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of St. Joseph, Michigan, ten thousand dollars.
For the improvement of Black Lake harbor,
Michigan, eight thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the harborat the mouth
of Grand river, Michigan, two thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the harborat the mouth
of Clinton river, Michigan, five thousand dollars.
For the improvement of the navigation of the
Saint Clair flats, connecting the upper and lower
lakes, twenty thousand dollars.
For completing the improvement of the River
Raisin harbor, Michigan, fourteen thousand dol-
lars.
For constructing a steam-dredge, equipment
and discharging-scows for Lake Michigan, twenty
thousand dollars.
For preserving the harbor of Sandusky City, and
improving the same, fifteen thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
at the mouth of Black river, on Lake Erie, Ohio,
five thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Cleveland, Ohio, thirty thousand dollars.
For the further improvement of the harbor of
Fairport, at the mouth of Grand river, Ohio, ten
thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Ashtabula, Ohio, ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Erie, Pennsylvania, thirty thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Dunkirk, New York, thirty thousand dollars.
For repairing the sea-wall at the harbor of Buf-
falo, New York, fourteen thousand dollars.
For constructing a steam-dredge, equipment and
discharging-scows for Lake Erie, twenty thousand
dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Oak Orchard creek, Lake Ontario, New York,
ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For continuing the removal of obstructions in
the harbor at the mouth of the Genesee river,
Lake Ontario, New York, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For the improvement of the harbor of Sodus
Bay, Lake Ontario, Cayuga county, New York,
ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the harbor
of Oswego, Lake Ontario, New York, forty thou-
sand dollars.
For constructing a steam-dredge, equipment and
discharging-scows for Lake Ontario, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
For a survey of the Rappahannock river, Vir-
ginia, three thousand dollars.
Fora survey of Taunton river and New Bedford
harbor, Massachusetts, three thousand dollars.
For improving the Kennebeck river from the
United States Arsenal wharf, in Augusta, Maine,
to Lovejoy's Narrows, six thousand dollars.
Fora survey of San Antonio river, Texas, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For surveys of the harbors at Sabine, Galves-
ton, Paso Cavallo, Velasco, Brazos deSantiago, and
Corpus Christi, and the rivers Sabine, Brazos, and
Trinity, Texas, five thousand dollars.
For repairing the public works at Little Egg
harbor, New Jersey, eight thousand five hundred
dollars.
For a survey of East Pascagoula river, Missis-
sippi, five thousand dollars.
For a survey of Providence harbor, Rhode
Island, fifteen hundred dollars.
Forasurvey and examination of theFallsof the
Ohio river, by a board of topographical and civil
engineers to be appointed by the Secretary of
