1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
751
The SPEAKER. With unanimous consent
another count may be had.
There was no objection, and the tellers again
resumed their places.
The question was again taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 106, noes 25.
So the previous question received a second; and
the main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. - I now move to
lay the resolution on the table, and upon that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I beg* to ask
the gentleman from Tennessee whether there is
any difference between voting against the passage
of the resolution, and voting to lay it upon the
table ? Let him call the yeas and nays upon the
passage of the resolution, if he desires them.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that. If
the gentleman desires it, I will withdraw the mo-
tion to lay upon the table, and call for the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-^
tion being taken, the result was—yeas 75, nay^f
91—as follows:
YEAS- Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, William Apple-
ton, Aslu', Bartlett, Bennett, Eibichaus, John II. Boyd,
Bragg, Bioekmndgc, Brenton, Bnggs, Brooks, Albert G.
Brown, George H. Brown, Burrows, Busbj', E. Carnngton
Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Ootl-
man, Cullotn, Dawson, Doty, Duncan, Edmundson, Henry
M. Fuller, Gamble, Gentry, Gorman, Haws, Henn, Holla-
day, Thomas M. Howe, James Johnson, George G. King,
Martin, McCorkle, McDonald. Moi rison, Nabers, Newton,
Orr, Andrew Tarker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Penniinan,
Porter, Pricp, Savage, Scliprmerliorn, Schoolcraft, Send-
dor, Scuriy, David L. Seymour, Onsen S. Seymour, Smart,
Stanly, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, St.
Martin, Stuait, Sutherland, Taylor, Benjamin Thompson,
Thurston, Wallace, Wal>h, Ward, Washburn, Welch, Al-
exander White, Wilcox, and Williams—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Willis. Allen, Allison, Avrrett, Bab-
cock, Thomas H Bayly, Barrere, Beale, Bocock, Joseph
Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Ca>kie, Churchvvell, Clark,
Cleveland, Clmgtnan, Cobb, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dim-
nnck, Dockery, Dunham,Durkec,Edgcrton, Fickhn, Fitcb,
Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gavlord. Guiding,
Goodenow, Grow, Hall, Hamilton, Harper, [%ham G. Har-
ris, Sampson W. Hairis, Ha&call, Haven, Hendricks, Hib-
bard, Hillyer, Horsford, Houston, Howard, Thomas Y.
How. Ives, Jackson, Jenkin<, John Johnson, Robejt W.
Johnson, Daniel T. Jone-, George W. Jon^s, J. Glancy
Jones, Preston King, Kuhns, Kurtz, Landry, Letcher,
Lockhart, Mason, McLanahan, McMullen, MoNair,
Meacham, Meade, Miller, Millson, Molony, John Moore,
Murray, Olds, Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps, Polk, lliddle,
Robbins, Ross, Smith, Snow, Benjamin Stanton, Abr'm P.
Stpvcns, Stratton, George W. Thompson, Townshend,
Tuck, Watkms, Wells, Wildnck, and Woodward—91.
So the resolution was rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to reconsider the vote
just taken, by which the House rejected that res-
olution.
I make that motion for the purpose of statins;
to the House a few facts in relation to this matter.
I do not believe the House fully understand that
resolution, or they would not refuse to pass it. I
will prelude that statement, however, by saying,
that during my connection with this or any pre-
ceding Congress, I have never refused, by my
votes^totake my share of the responsibility in
giving to this House, and to its business, every
facility that could possibly be required. 1 do not
fear, m going before my constituents, being at-
tacked upon the subject of mileage, or the passage
of any pitiful object of expenditure like the pres-
ent, for the convenience of the members of the
Hou&e, for which some gentlemen seem so fearful
to vote.
Now, under the present law of the House, as
I remarked on introducing this resolution, we have
twelve pages, while we have two hundred and
thirty-seven gentlemen to be waited on. Boys have
been recalled from the folding-room attached to
this House, where they ought to be attending to
their appropriate duties, to perform the duties le-
gitimately belonging to the pages of the House.
But ill addition to this, it often happens—as every
gentleman here has seen, or, at least, I have the
testimony of those who have seen—that there are
times, for a quarter of an hour, when you cannot
find a single, solitary page upon this floor.
Now, if gentlemen will not vote this addition
of three to the number of pages, increasing the
whole number from twelve to fifteen, it must be
from some mistaken idea in regard to the economy
of the measure. Some gentlemen decline to vote
for this resolution for that reason, and yet I will
venture to say, these same gentlemen will send off
the pages from the House to various parts of the
city to attend to tlieii own private business, and
then say we have enough. We have not enough,
sir. , I do not object to their sending them upon
their own private business; for they are here for
that purpose, in order that the gentlemen them-
selves may retain their seats in the Hall and
attend to the public business. But twelve of these
men have only to send each a page to attend to
his own business, and there is not one left upon
the floor.
There is another inconvenience connected with
the subject.' It is this: Members who are here
must be served. And when they cannot find a
page, a doorkeeper is the next best man, and the
very officer who is placed here for the maintenance
of order in this Hall, is sent away from his posi-
tion to do the business of a single member.
Under these circumstances, an increase of force
is asked, and of how many? Why, of three. I
have mentioned in regard to the Senate. I know
thatall kinds of reproaches have been dealtagainst
the Senate on account of extravagance, but it is
impossible that they should be so utterly unrea-
sonable in this matter. But if you will go into
that Hall, you will find that with sixty-two mem-
bers only, they have eleven pages to serve them.
Then come into this Hall, and you find that with
two hundred and thirty-seven members and dele-
gates, and with a much greater area to travel over,
we have but twelve pages. Now, work it out by
the rule of three, if you please, and you will find
that upon the senatorial basis of eleven pages to
sixty-two, it would give us, for the two hundred
and "thirty-seven members, forty-two pages. Why,
sir, there were formerly but eight pages allowed to
this House. Mr. John duincy Adams, during
his last term in this House, I think, introduced a
resolution, which was passed, to increase the num-
ber four, that is,"from eight to twelve. This was
rendered necessary by the increase of members,
and business.
As 1 remarked in the outset, I have made this
motion to reconsider for the purpose of setting
these facts before the House, and for the purpose
of showing that it is reasonable that these addi-
tional pages"should be appointed. Now, I hope
gentlemen will give every vote that is necessary to
facilitate them in their business, and to extend that
convenience to the members which the circum-
stances of the case render necessary, and that it
will not again be rejected from any pitiful notion
of economy.
Mr. BROWN, of Mississippi. For the infor-
mation of the members of the House, I will state
j that two of the boys acting upon this floor as
pages,are not pages in point of fact. They stay
I here by the mere permission of the doorkeeper.
' They are connected with the folding-room, hut
i they were needed here, and they were brought
here accordingly. They are not authorized to be
here by any existing resolution of the House, and
are therefore not entitled to compensation. They
may be sent away, or withdrawn, at any moment
they think proper. If gentlemen suppose that
there are more boys than ought to be here, then
they need not pass this resolution. But if these
boys stay here, and are necessary for the con-
venience of the members, then let them Ijg covered I
by this resolution. If they are not proper boys, I
why, as a matter of course, the Doorkeeper and I
Speaker will dismiss them, and put others in their ,
places. I wish it to be understood that if the j
resolution is voted down, you subject yourselves
to the inconvenience of having two of the boys !
now here withdrawn. I
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I have not, sir, ;
obtained the floor because I feel that any of the
remarks of the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johnson] apply l<> nie.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will say to the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] that I did not design j
to apply any portion of my remarks to him. If j
he has understood it so, he is mistaken. ;
i Mr. JONES. I knew the gentleman could not j
| so intend. He has been here a sufficient length of ,
j time to know, at least, that I am not in the cate-
' gory of those who dodge responsibility—of those
, who vote against a measure because a clamor may
; be raised in their district for voting for a measure
! to which the constituency may be opposed. Sir,
• perhaps not one in a hundred of my constituents
. know how many pages there are upon this
! floor. I do not know that there is even that
j number of them who know that we have pages.
: [Laughter.] I am certain I have never heard the
■ subject mentioned by any candidate in my dis-
trict, or any of that class of subjects. Certainly I
have never alluded to them,.and perhaps I have as
little to fear or to anticipate as any one else, from
his constituents upon this subject. I have the
proud consolation to know, whether deservedly or
not, that 1 have, for the period of nearly twenty
years, enjoyed the confidence of my constituents.
My course here is dictated, I feel confident in
saying, by what I believe to be right, regardless
of consequences.
Now, sir, I voted against the resolution which
has been rejected. And why did 1 so vote? Be-
cause I believe, from my experience upon this
floor, that an increase of the number of pages is
uncalled for by the public service. If I am correct
in my information, there are now twelve pages
ujbon this floor, authorized by the resolution of the
House, and appointed by the Doorkeeper. What
are the legitimate and appropriate duties of these
boys? To run on errands and messages through
the city? No, sir. Their legitimate duty is to be
here upon this floor, and to carry papers from the
members to the Clerk's table, and m going.back
and forward through the House and *to the post
office on members'business, and in folding their
papers when they desire, and in doing anything
here which members may think proper.
Now, sir, I have perhaps as little use for the
services of pages as any other individual upon
this floor. I call upon them as seldom, perhaps,
as any member upon this floor, and I do say, that
so far as my observation goes, that the twelve pages
are a sufficient number to do all the legitimate du-
ties required of them. Suppose that occasionally,
once in a week or once in a month, the boys may
all be employed, and each member who may want
the services of a page cannot for the moment
command them, would it not be better to subject
ourselves to that slight inconvenience, rather than
have a superabundance of them upon the floor,
and nearly all the time m the way? Now, we
have been informed by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] that there are two boys here
who are not appointed under the resolution of the
House. There are twelve pages who are ap-
pointed, and perhaps if we shall pass this resolu-
tion to appoint the three additional ones, the Door-
-keeper, having some favorites to bring in, may
turn out some of the boys who have been here
associated with the members, and who will, when
they learn that they are to be turned out, excite
the sympathies of the members, and then applica-
tion will be made to increase the number, in order
that the Doorkeeper may retain their services.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If there isany
such case as that, I have never heard of it; and I
do not believe there is such a case, and I never
will believe it until the gentleman shall state that
there is such a case.
Mr. JONES. I do not know of such a case;
but it is said that there are two boys who have
been here all the session without pay, and were
| here during the last Congress, and are to be turned
out now unless there can be an increase of the
number.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will state to the gen-
| tleman in regard to his statement about the Door-
i keeper turning out some and putting in others, that
! it has nothing at all to do with this resolution; and
1 I will ask the gentleman to say what it has to do
I with the resolution, because the Doorkeeper can,
in any event, retain or turn them out at his pleas-
\ ure. I am authorized to contradict any impression
that may exist even from inference, and to say
that there is no such case, for the Doorkeeper does
1 not threaten to turn out a single one of them.
;! Mr. JONES. I know of two pages in the last
i Congress, who, having been superseded by the
j: present Doorkeeper, have been on the floor during
!! the present session.
I' Mr. JOHNSON. I think it is probable that
! i there are a dozen who have been superseded. I do
not know but that the whole of the present mim-
ber are new pages. There is but one, if any,
'■i waiting for reappointment under the resolution.
j1 Mr. MASON. There have been applications
!: made to me by two boys who were here during
! the last Congress, and have been here this month
for pay. They were superseded, I understand,
but remained here, and offer to serve the House,
if they can be permitted to stay, for $25 a month
i instead of 4,60, which is the usual compensation
! of pages. You can procure five hundred boys m
! j town to serve for $25 a month.
