1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
The SPEAKER. The previous question has i
l>een demanded. j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, If the motion ,
to recommit be not withdrawn, and the call for j
the previous question be seconded, will not the
vote then be upon the recommittal? and if that be
voted down, will not the question recur upon the t
passage or the engrossment of the bill ? I
The SPEA.KEEI. Such will be the case. 1
The call for the previous question was then sec-
onded, and the main question was ordered to be
put. The question then recurred upon the motion
to recommit.
Mr.STEPHENS. I will make one further in-
quiry cf the Chair. If the motion to recommit be
voted down, will not the question then recur on
the engrossment of the bill?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have got to a
good point, when we should put the bill upon the
table, and I make that motion. [Laughter.]
Mr. ALLISON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then put on the motion to lay
on the table, and it was agreed to—yeas 80, nays
57; as follows:
YEAS—>Ie?srs. Allison, John Appleton, Averett, David
J. Bailey, Bell, Bibighaus, Breckinridge, Buel, Burrows,
Burt, Busby, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Cartter,
Chastain, Ctfurehwell, Culloin, Curlis, Daniel, Dean, Dim-
mick, Disney, Dunham, Evans, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J.
D. Fuller, Gaylord, Giddmgs, Gilmore, Goodenow, Green,
Grow, Hamilton, isham G. Harris, Hart, Hlbbard, Holla-
day, Horslord, John W. Howe, Thomas 1VT. Howe, Hunter,
Ives, George \Y. Jones, Preston King, Kurtz^, Mann, Ma-
son, McCorkle, McNair, Me&ueen, Millson, Miner, More-
head, Murphy, Murray. Newton, Olds, Andrew Parker, S.
W-Parker,Peat-lee, Perkins,Powell,Reed, Riddle, Robbing
Robie, Schoonrnaker, Scudder, Oiigen S. Seymour, Skel-
ton, Benjamin Stanton, Richard H. Stanton. Abraham P.
Stephens, Stratlon, Sweeuer, Townshend, Wallacc, and
Washburn—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Aberciombie. W. Allen, Bissell, Bowie,
Bragg, Brerifon, Brooks, Albert'G. Brown, Caldwell, T. ,
Campbell, Clark, Olingman, Cobb, John G. Davis, Doty, '
Freeman, Henry M. Fuller, Grey, Harpei, Sampson W. !
Harris, Haven, Hendiicks, Henn, Houston,Howard, Jack-
son, Andrew Johnson. James Johnson, Knhns, Mace, Hum- j
phrey Marshall. Molony. John Moore. Nabers. Orr, Penm- '
man, Phelps, Polk. Richardson, Russell, Sackett, School- .
eraft, Scurry, Smith, Frederick P. Stanton, Alexander H. ,
Stephens, St. Martin, Stuart, Taj lor,Thurston, Walbridge, j
Ward, Watkms. Welch, Alexauder White, Wilcox, and ,
Williams—57. ' :
So the bill was ordered to be laid on the table. (
Mr. ALLISON. I move to reconsider the j
vote by which the bill was ordered to he on the
table, and to lay the motion to reconsider upon ;
the table. . \
The question was put on the latter motion, and ■
it was agreed to.
MODIFICATIONS OF THE POSTAGE LAW. 1
Mr. OLDS. I am instructed by the Commit- !
tee on the Post Office arid Post Roads to report
back House bill No. 144, entitled "A bill to
amend the act entitled 4 An act to reduce and
modify the rates of*postage in the United States,
and for other purposes,' passed March 3d, 1851," ;
with sundry amendments. I desire, before these '
amendments are read, to express the hone that j
the House will pay attention to them, as I intend |;
this morning to move to put the bill on its pas- ;
sage. It is very important that it should pass i
as soon as possible. I asked, some time since, j
the unanimous consent of the House to move the :
printing of the amendments, so that members
might have them before them, but the gentleman '
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] thought it would ;
interfere with the rights of the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, and raised objection to my motion. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think it would •
be decidedly better if the chairman of the Com- ,
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads would ;
have this bill referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and printed. We
all know that the present postage law was passed
through the last Congress as a substitute by way
of amendment to a bill passed by this House, and j
that it never was read when it became the law of
the land. There are a whole string of amend-
ments, and it is impossible for them all to be un-
derstood on their mere reading.
Mr. OLDS. 1 wish to say, with regard to that
suggestion of the gentleman, this: If the bill goes
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, I am satisfied it will not again be reached
this gession. Letters are being received by mem-
bers of Congress every day from every portion of
the Union demanding that some change should be
made in the law with regard to newspaper postage.
This bill contemplates but little beyond thesimpli*
fication of postage on newspapers. These amend-
ments have been agreed upon in a joint meeting
of the Committees on the Post Ofhce and Post
Roads of the Senate and House. We have the
assurance, when adopted here, the bill will speedily
become a Jaw.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Let us postpone the con-
sideration of the bill to a day certain, to have it
printed. We will then all be aware on what we
are voting.
Mr. FOWLER. With the permission of the
gentleman from Ohio, I would like to have the
bill read. I am sure when it is read the simpli-
city of the amendments will be so evident that
gentlemen will be willing to proceed to act upon it
at once.
Mr. OLPS. Let the bill be read, then.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
A BILL to amend the act entitled " An act to reduce and
modify the rates of postage in the United States, and lor
other puiposes," parsed March 3d, 1851.
Be it enactcd hy tke Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That from and after the 3Jth day of June, ihe postage
upon all printed matter passing through the mail ot the
United States, instead of the rates now charged, shall be as
toliow<, to wu: Each newspaper, pamphlet, peuodical,
magazine, book bound or unbound, circular, catalogue,
and every other description ot printed matter unconnected
with any manuscript or writing, and of no greater weight
than two and a halt ounces, shall be charged with one cent
postage, and one cent lor each additional ounce or fraction
of an ounce, for any distance under two thousand miles;
and tor any distance over two thousand miles, double those
rates. All newspapers published regularly and sent fiom
the office of publication to actual subscubers, not weigh-
ing over one ounce, shall be chargeable with one half the
toiegoing rates. The postage upon all printed mailable
! matter shall be prepaid either at the office where it is mailed
j or at the ofhce of delivery, otherwise double the loregomg
| rates shall be charged thereon; all transient printed matter
I shalijbe deemed unpaid, unless paid at the office where it is
mailed.
| Sec. 2. J-2nd be it further enacted. That books, bound or
j unbound, not weighing over four pounds, shall be deemed
: mailable matter, and all printed matter chargeable by weight
> shall be weighed when dry. The publishers of newspapers
I and periodicals may send to each other trom their respect-
| lve offices of publication, tree of postage, one copy of each
, publication, and may ateo send to eacii actual subscriber,
] inclosed m their publications, bills and receipts for the
• same, free of postage. The publishers of weekly news-
papers may send to each actual subscriber within the
county where their papers are printed and published, one
copy thereof free of postage.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That alllawsor parts
of laws incompatible with the piovisiorts ot this act are
hereby repealed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not feel de-
sirous of acting on that bill till it is printed, and
therefore move that it be postponed and ordered
to be printpd.
Mr. OLDS. 'I would like to make an inquiry.
If the amendments be printed to-morrow morning
in the Globe, I should have no objection to the
postponement of the bill till Thursday. There
can be no excuse, to postpone for the printing of
the bill, because it has been printed for many
months. I do not know whether" or not these
amendments will be printed m the Globe, if they
are not read at the Cleik's desk, if they go into
the Globe, as I have already stated, I am willing
the further consideration of the bill should be post-
poned until to-morrow or Thursday.
The SPEAKER. It is according to the prac-
tice of that paper that the proposed amendments
will go into the Globe. The House cannot make
any order of that kind to the paper.
Mr. OLDS. I am aware of that. I merely
made the inquiry whether or no they would ap-
pear there.
The SPEAKER. The Reporter states they
will appear in the Globe.
• Mr. OLDS. I then have no objection to the
postponement, till to-morrow or Thursday, ot its
further consideration.
1st amendment: Section 1. Eleventh line, stake out the
words " and a half.''
•3d amendment: Same section. Thirteenth and four-
teenth line^, strike out " two " and insertthree-1' m each
line.
3d amendment: Same section. Fifteenth une,strike out
the words " published regulaily," and insert trie words
,k and periodicals, not weighing over one ounce, pubhsned
regularly as often*as once in three months/'
4th amendment: Same section. Sixteenth and seven-
teenth lines, strike out the woids u and not weighing over
one ounce.''
5th amendment: Same section. Seventeenth lme alter
the word '• with,'' insert the word " only."
6th amendment: Same section. Nineteenth line, strike
out the word a either.''
7th amendment: Same section. Twentieth line, after
word " or," insert the words " paid quarterly in advance."
8th amendment: Same section. Twenty-firn iine, after
the word " thereon," strike outthe remainder of said sec-
tion.
9th amendment: Strifce out the third section.
10th amendment: Add the following additional sec-
tions :
Sec. 3. Jiml be it further enacted, That rro newspaper,
periodical, magazine, or other printed paper, or matter,
shall be eutitled to be sent at the rates of postage in this ac's
specified, unless the following conditions be observed:
First, It shall be sent without any cover or wrapper, or
m a cover or wrapper open at the ends or sides, so that the
character of the matter contained therein may be determined
without removing such wrapper.
Second, There shall be no word or communication print-
ed on the same after its publication, or upon the cover or
wrappei thereof, nor any writing or marks upon it, nor upon
the cover or wrapper thereof, except the name and address
of the person to whorfi it is to be sent.
Third, There shall be no paper or other thing inclosed in
or with <5ueh printed paper; and if these conditions are not
complied with, such printed matter shall lie subject io letter
postage; and all matter sent by mail from one pait of the
United States to another, the postage of which is net fixed
by the provisions of this act, shall, unless the same be en-
titled to be sent free of postage, be charged with letter post-
age.
Sec. 4. Jlnd he it further enacted., That if the pub-
lisher of any periodical, after being three months previously
notified that his publication is not taken out of the office to
which it is sent tor delivery, continue to torward such pub-
lication in the mail, the postmaster to whose office such
publication is sent may dispose of the same for the postage,
unless the publisher shall pay it; and whenever any print-
ed matter of any description, leceived during one quarter
of the fiscal year, shall have lemawed in the office without
being called for during the whole of any succeeding quar-
ter, the postmaster at such office shall sell ihe same and
credit the proceeds of such sale in his quarterly accounts,
under such regulations and after such notice as the Post
Office Department shall prescribe.
Bsc'5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That s > muchoftlie
second section of the act entitled " An act to modify and re-
duce the ratesof po-tage in the United Stat** and for other
purposes," approved March 3d, 18ol, as relates, to the post-
age or free circulation or transmission of newspapers, pe-
riodical1!, and other printed matter, and all other provisions
of law inconsistent with the provisions of this act, are
hereby repealed.
Mr. BROOKS. I ask the attention for a mo-
ment, of the ear of the chairman of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. I was about
suggesting, when this bill came up for considera-
tion, that he would state to the House the pro-
posed change in newspaper postage, so that the
information should go out to the country. It is
important the proposed changes should be under-
stood. There is a reduction of postage in some
quarters, it is well enough to understand,'with a
great increase in other quarters of the country.
What that increase is upon small newspapers for
short distances, and what that decrease is upon
great distances it is useful to the unders'anding of
the House to have laid befoie it m &ome brief form,
by report or otherwise.
The SPEAKER. The motion to postpone ifl
not debatable.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish also to state that I would
be happy to have the statement now, and to see
it in the Globe in the morning.
Mr. OLDS. I will say to the gentleman that
the report accompanying this bill states precisely
the information hedesires.
Mr. BROOKS, fs it a printed report?
Mr. OLDS. It is in the document room.
Mr. BROOKS. I hope the Reporters of ths
Globe will embody it in form unincumbered with
the amendments, so that we can see it there, as it
is proposed to pass it.
The report of the committee alluded to is as fol-
lows:
" From the recommendation of the Postmaster General;
from the numerous petitions before voui committee} and
from the dissatisfaction generally manifested er u«e coun-
try, towards the provisions ofthe act of the 3d Maxell enti-
tled An act to reduce and mortify the rates of postage in
the United States, and for other put posesin relation to
much of said act as imposes the pie^ent rate-: of no,-tag©
upon newspapers, periodicals and other printed matter;
your committee have been induced to inquire mo the prac-
tical operation of the law, and the causes of coruplaiut
against u
''The committee find, First, that Hit present rates of
postage upon newspapers, periodical* and other printed
matter, are <so numerous and complicated, that it is almost
impossible to determine what rate should becbarged, with-
out constant reference to the table of rates. Second, that
the postage on newspapers, periodicals and other printed
matter for long distances, h high as to materially limit
their circulation. Third, that the enormous rate of post-
age charged upon transient newspapers and other printed
matter, amounts nearly to a prohibition of their transmis-
sion through the mails ofthe United States.
u In relation to the numerous ?nd complicated rates of
postage upon newspapers, your committee find that tbo
postage on newspapers ci to actual and bono fde subscri-
bers,is regulated by weight, by the number of times is-
