752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&.
March 15.
Mr. JOHNSON. In regard to that one, (point-
ing at a page In front of the Clerk's desk,) 1 will
state that he never was in here until this- session.
So my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] is
mistaken in that case.
Mr. MASON. We told them we had no au-
thority to pay them, and that the House had the
control of the whole thing. I happen to be upon
the Committee of Accounts, where 1 find out-that
there are a number of persons who have a number
of boys, more than - they have any employment
for, and. they are at me daily and hourly to get
them employment; and because*! am chairman of
the Committee of Accounts, they seem to suppose
that I have particular influence with the officers of
the House. They are smart, intelligent, clever,
active boys, who would-like to get §60 a month,
and $200 or $250 at the end of the session.
So far as thpse boys are needed by the House
for the public service, I go, as the gentleman from
Tennessee does, [Mr. Jones] for their appoint-
ment. Those who are employed now are good,
patient, active, and intelligent boys, and will be,
when they get experienced, fully able to perform
all the duties required by the House. Most of
the old ones were turned out; but these are im-
proving every day, and doubtless will render,
after a little more experience, all the service that
the gentleman from Arkansas desires of them; and
I suppose that we need no -nioie. That is my
judgment of the matter. There are hundreds and
thousands seeking employment, and I wish every-
body had $25 or $50 a month, [laughter;] but I
do not think we ought to put every one upon the
contingent fund of this House. The number is
already enormous. We have forty different clerks
in this House who are paid out of it already.
Mr. JONES. I concur with the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Mason,] and would rejoice
if all these boys could be employed. We have
them here, and they are an active, sprightly, and
as accommodating as any I have ever seen in the
House; but f must act upon my judgment and
conviction, that twelve is a sufficient number for
the business of this House, and I cannot consent
to vote for this resolution.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I suppose, Mr.
Speaker, that the minds of members are made up
upon the "resolution, and wanting to proceed to
some business, which I can only do to-day, I call
for the previous question.
The call for the previous question was sustained,
and the main question ordered.
Mr. FOWLER moved to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the table.
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then put, and it was decided
m the negative—yeas 79, nays 88; as follow:
YKAH—Mosrfis. Willi.® Alh'n, Allison. Avcreu, Babeoek,
Barrerc, Bonle. Buell, Joseph Cubic, Lewis I). C'ampbeM,
Caskie, dark, Cle\eland, ('lint'iimn, Cobb, Dnniol. John
G. Davis, Dimrmck, Dockeiv, Dunham, Edireiion, Ewin--,
Faulkner, tVkhn, Floyd, Fowler, Gavlord, GondPitow ,
Gorman, Grow. Hail, Hamilton, Tlaiper, Nbam G. Harris,
Ha^call, Haven, Hondnek-*, Iiibbard, llillyer, Ilorsloid,
Howard,Thorns Y. Tfow, Ives, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew
Johnson, John Joluwm, Geo«-;>e XV. Jones, Predion King,
Kuhn.-?, KurK Letcher, Mace, Humphrey Marshall, Martin.
>Ia>on, McLanahan, MoMuIlm, Meade, Miller, Mill-son,
Moorehcnd. Murray, Olds, Pea^lco, Peikins, Phelps, Riddle,
Robbing Rop*. Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Stratton, George
W- Thompson, Townsltend, Tuck, YVatkims, Wells, Ad-
dison White, and Wildrick—79.
KAYS—Mew>-. Abeiciombie, Aiken, Andiew*, John
Appleton, William Appleton. Ashe, Thonia* H. Rayly,
Baitl-'U, Bennett, BibiLdmus, Boeo<*k, John H. Boyd, Breck-
inridge, Bientou, Bns^s, Brooks. AlbeitG. Biown,George
H. Brown, Bnrrowi, Bu^by, Thompson Campbr 11, Chand
ler, Chapman, Chutchwell. Coleock, Cottman, Culiom,
Curtis, Dawson, Doty, Duncan, Edmumhon, Gentry, Gui-
ding?, Gilmore, Sampson W. Harris Haws, Hebard, flenn,
HolJadav, Houston, Thomas M Howe, Jame«
Robert W. Johnson, J. Giaucv Jones, Landiy, McDonald,
McQueen, Moacham, Molonv. John Moore, Morn^on,
Nabrtrs, Newton, Orr, And'ew Parker, Samuel XV. Paikei,
Venn, Penniman, Price, Hichardson, Sackett, Schctwiei-
horn, Sclioolcratt, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Scurry, David
L. Seymour, Crimen 3. Seymour, Smart, Snow," Stanly,
Frederick P. Stanton, Abr'in P. Steven*, Martin, Stuart,
Sutherland, Taylor, Thur.-to.i, Wallace, Wals.li, Waid,
Washburn, Welch, Alexander White, W ilcox, Williams
arid Woodward—88.
[A message was here received from the Senate
at the hands of Asbury Dickens, Esq., their
Secretary, informing the Kc.use of the passage,
by that body, of certain bills ]
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
'm>. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded the
previous question, which received a second; and
i the main question, being the motion to reconsider,
I was ordered to be now put.
j Mr. JONES demanded the "yeas and nays;
j which were ordered.
i The question was then taken upon the motion
j to reconsider, and it was decided in the afflrma-
i tive—yeas 94, nays 81; as follow
| YEAS—Messrs, Abererombie, Aiken, Andrews, John Ap-
i pleton, William Appleton, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly,Bart-
i lett, Bell, Bennett, Bibigba«s,-John H. Boyd, Bragg, Breck-
i inridge, Brenton, Briggs, Brooks, AlbertG. Brown, George
' H. Brown, Burrows, Bushy, E. Carrington Cabell, Thomp •
son Campbell, Chandler, Chapman, Conger, Cottman, Cul-
lom, Curtis, Dawson, Doty, Duncan, Dunham, Edmundson,
Gamble, Gentry, Giddings, Gilmore, Go/man, Sampson W.
Harris, Haws/Hebard, Henn, Holladay, Houston, Thomas
M. Howe, James Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, J. Giancy
Jones, Landry, McCorkle, McDonald, McQueen, Meaeli-
am, Molony, John Moore, Morrison, Murray, Nabeis,
Newton, Orr, Andrew Parker, Samuel W. i'aiker, Penn,
Penmman, Porter, Price, Sackett, Savage, Sehermerliorn,
Schoolciar't, Schoonmaker, Scudder, Scurry, David L.
Seymour, Ongen S. Seymour, Smart, Snow, Stanly; Fred-
erick Pi* Stanton, St. Martin, Stuart, Sutherland, Taylor,
i Thurston, Wallace. Walsh, Ward, Washburn, Welch,
j Alexander White, Wilhamr, and Woodward—1)4.
j NAY^—Messrs. Willis Allen, Alison, Averett, Babcock,
; Banere, Beale, Bocock, Buell, Joseph Cable, Lewis D.
i Campbell, Caitter, Caakie, Chuichwell, Clark, Cleveland,
j Clnigman, Cobb, Coleock, Daniel, John G. Davis, Dim-
j mick, Dockery, Durkee, Eastman, Evans, Faulkner. Fiek-
: lin, Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J.D. Fuller. Gaylord, Good-
| enow, Grow, Hamilton, Harper, Isham G.Harris, Ha^call.
I Haven, Hendricks, Ihbbard, Hillyer, Horsford,Thomas Y.
i How, fve«, Jackson, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson, John John-
j #on, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Preston King,
1 Kurtz, Letcher, Maee, Humphrey Marshall, Martin, Ma-
i son, McLanahan, McMulhn, Meade, Miller, Mtilson,
I Morehead, Olds, Peaslee, Perkins, Phelps, Richaidson,
; Riddle, Ross, Smith, Benjamin Stanton, Abtaham P.
, Stevens, Stratton. George W. Thompson, Townshend,
[ Tuck, Watkms, Wells, Addison White, and Wildrick—81.
So the vote was reconsidered.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolution,
Mr. EiCKLIN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. McM'ULLlN. I understood from some
gentleman-that if the motion was reconsidered,
that the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Joh-yson]
would modify his resolution somewhat. This I
understood, not from the gentleman himself, but
from another member. Was there such an un-
derstanding '
Mr. JOHNSON. With the unanimous con-
sent of the House, I will modify the resolution so
that, instead of there being auded three to the
number of pages, provided for by the resolution,
there shall he exactly the number we have now
upon the floor. If 1 have unanimous consent, I
will make that modification, and not otherwise.
There was no objection to the modification.
The yeas and nays were not ordered; upon a
division there being—ayes 24, noes 114.
Mr. MeMULLIN demanded tellers; which
were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a
privileged question. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. KING, of New York. It has been recon-
sidered o#ce.
The SPEAKER. It having been reconsidered
once, it is not competent to reconsider it a second
time.
Mr. PHELPS rose to a privileged question.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous consent
of the House, to offer some resolutions of the
Legislature of Pennsylvania.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was going to make an ap-
peal to the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Phelps,] to let me have the floor to make a mo-
tion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole upon the state of the Union. If the gen-
tleman from Missouri shall call up the contested
eh'cnou case, as a privileged question, it will con-
sume the whole of the time accorded by the House
to the consideration of the deficiency bill, to which
I directed attention a few days since.
Air. PHELPS. In reply to the suggestion of
my fiiend from Alabama, I have to say that it is
rijrht this question should be disposed of soon.
It is liable to be cailod up at anytime, and it may
be in my absence.
CLAIMS OF MILITARY OFFICERS.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I appeal to the House for its
unanimous consent to take up, from the Speaker's
table, Senate bill No. 44, and refer it to the Mili-
tary Committee. It is a bill providing for the set-
tlement of claims of officers, who received money
during the Mexican war. One distinguished offi-
cer (General Riley) has been here at a high per-
sonal expense, for two or three months. It is a
matter of importance to him, that this bill should
be acted upon. There can be no objection to its
being taken up and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
There was no objection.
The bill, being an act in addition to, and amend-
atory of, an act entitled " An act to provide for
the settlement of accounts of public officers and
others, who may have received moneys arising
from military contributions or otherwise in Mexi-
co, " approved the 3d of March, 1849, was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STANTON. I have in my hands memo*
Pand petitions, which I desire to submit and
i referred to a committee.
CONTESTED ELECTION FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. PHELPS. I cannot yield further, I must
insist upon going on with my privileged question.
On the other day I presented to the House the
memorial of A. W. Reynolds, contesting the right
of the present Delegate from New Mexico [Mr.
Weightman] to a seat upon this floor. At that
time, I did not propose to enter into a discussion
of the merits of the question; nor do I at this mo-
ment, for I will do nothing 
' Mr. HOUSTON.„ With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I will interrupt him.
I was not here when the gentleman submitted his
remarks a few days ago, upon the introduction of
the memorial relative to the right of the present
Delegate from New Mexico to his seat; and if the
whole merits of the proposition ?hall be gone into
upon the introduction of the memorial and upon
its reference to a committee for the purpose of in-
quiring inio the matter, it seems to me that the
whole time of the ensuing week will be consumed.
If the debate has not proceeded so far as that the
gentleman will be compelled to pursue it further,
1 would be glad, if it would comport with his
notions as well as those of the Delegate, to let the
reference be made without delay. Then, upon the
report of that committee, the whole merits of the
question can be discussed.
Mr. PHELPS. I will give a word of explana-
tion to my friend from Alabama, and it is this:
when I presented the memorial, I confined myself
briefly to the allegations contained in it. I sub-
mitted it under the rule which requires a member,
presenting a petition, to succinctly state its points.
After having done that, I moved that the memorial
be referred to the Committee of Elections and be
printed; and upon that I remarked, as charges had
been made against Governor Calhoun of corrupt
interference in the elections in New Mexico, that
I proposed to submit a few words in relation to
that matter. That is the condition of the ease. 1
had not previous to that time intended to have
said anything in relation to the right of the gentle-
man from New Mexico to a seat upon this floor.
I did not desire to do anything which might pre-
judice his interests. At a subsequenttime, not be-
ing present, the gentleman from New Mexico de-
sired to debate this matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. T understand, then, that my
friend from Missouri has not gone into the dis-
cussion that will necessanly grow up connected
! with the right of the Delegate to occupy a seat
upon this floor. And his proposition now, if 1
understand it correctly, is, that he will go into a
discussion of the charges which have been made
against the Governor of that Territory with refer-
ence to corrrupt interferences by him in the elec-
tions of New Mexico. If the gentleman from
Missouri persists in that course of argument, I
desire to submit to the Chair this point of order—
whether in the House, in reference to memorials
contesting the right of the Delegate from New
: Mexico to his seat, it is in order to discuss the
'■ corruptions charged against the Governor of that
' | Territory r My object in doing so is to save time,
,J which I desire to be appropriated to other busi-
]j ness. I make that point of order.
'! The SPEAKER] In reply to the gentleman
! from Alabama, the Chair would remark that a
| motion is made to commit and to print, which, in
|| the opinion of the Chair, must open up whatever
