1664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6.
sued, by the distance conveyed, and by their size not ex-
ceeding three hundred square inches. On a newspaper not
exceeding three ounces m weight, according to the distance
conveyed ; there are six rates on a daily—six on a tu-
Weekly- six on a* semi-weekly—si\" on a weekly—six on a
semi-monthly, and six on a monthly; maki ng thirty-six dif-
ferent rates on anewspapernot weighing over three ounces.
Bui if any one of the above issues shall not cxceed three
hundred square inches by measurement, only one-fourth of
the above rates are to be charged; making again six more
rates upon a daily—six upon a tri-weekly—six upoa a semi-
weekly—six upon a weekly—six upon a semi-monthly, and
six upon a monthly ; thus making in all se.venty-two dif-
ferent rates of postage upon newspapers sent to actual and
bona subscribers,not taking into the account the different
rates charged upon transient newspapers, which still fur-
ther greatly coirrplieate and increase the number of rates.
" it will be easily perceived that these complicated rates
render it extremely difficult to determine what postage
should be charged upon a newspaper. The postmaster, in
determining this question, inv^t ascertain the weight of the
paper, the distance it is conveyed, how often it is issued,
and its actual measurement, that it may not exceed three
hundred square iyehes.
"That the present rates of postage on newspapers and
other printed matter, when conveyed long distances, are so
onerous as mateiially to limit their circulation, is also easily
susceptible of elucidation. By the act of the 3d Maich,
1851, a daily newspaper not exceeding three ounces m
weight, conveyed over two thousand miles, pays five dol-
lars per annum postage; if the distance conveyed is over
four thousand nules, the postage is six dollars per annum.
In uioSt cases, this exceeds the publisher's puce of the pa-
per; and butvery few peisoris will be lound willing toinetir
this enormous tax. This exorbitant rate of postage on this
class of newspapers, has operated greatly to dimmish their
transmission thiough the maiU.
" By the act of the 3d March, 1851, a transient newspa-
per, not exceeding one ounce in weight, if conveyed over
five hundred miles, is charged one cent postage; if over
five hundred and not exceeding fifteen hundred miles, it is
charged two cents; if over fifteen hundred and not exceed-
ing twenty-five hundred miles, the postage is three cents;
if over twenty-five liundicd and not exceeding thirty-five
hundied miles, the charge i« lour cents; and if over thirty-
five hundred miles the postage is five cents; and for every
additional ounce in weight, oi fractional part of an ounce,
an additional late of postage is charged; and then in addi-
tion to all these rates, unless the postage is paid m advance,
double the above rates are to be charged. Most of the daily
papeis of this city, a^ well as the dailies of the other prin-
cipal cities of the United States, exceed one ounce m
weight. Papers published at the capital of the nation, con-
taining the proceedings oi Congress and the action of the
Government, those published in your large commeicial
cities, containing commercial news and the condition of the
markets, have heretofore been the mediums through which
individuals have communicated much valuable inhumation
to their distant fnends. But an examination of tin1 rates
of postage charged, under the provisions ot the present law,
will satisfy every one that in future ail such information
must be communicated through other channels, as the act
of the 3d March, 1851, most etlectually excludes it fioni the
mail.
•4 For example, a tiausieut paper from this city, conveyed
over fifteen hundred imle , would be charged six cents post-
agc, if paid in advance ; but if not paid in advance, the
pohtage would be twelve cents; if sent to California or
Oregon, the postage would be ten cent*- prepaid, or twenty
cents not prepaid. Many of the newspapers published in
the United States, such as the New York Journal of Com-
merce, and the New York Courier and Enquire!, weigh
over two ounces; a transient newspaper ot this clas^, sent
to California or Oregon, would be charged fifteen cents
postage, piep.nd, oi Unity cents, not prepaid.
" On periodical-, ami othci printed matter, this law oper-
ates equally onerous. Take, foi example, iiarpeis' and tiie
International Magazines; these peuodieals weigh eiyht
ounces each ; consequently «.sjn lcnuini>ci sent to Cahfur-
maorOrogon would be cliaiged fcity cents postage ptepaul,
or eighty cents not prepaid Almost all the valuable penorli-
eals of "the count) y are atfected in the same way, making
the cost of tum->iui£'<]ou by mail, on long distances, moie
than equal to the actual co-^tof publication. In consequence,
then, of the operation of the act of the 3d March, neatly all
the periodicals of the country aie excluded trorn the maiW,
and tiie publisher compelled to resort to expresses, and
private conveyances to send out their periodicals, gieatly
to the detriment of the icvenujh of the Post Office Depart-
ment, all ot which, to a \er> gieat extent, in the opinion of
youi committee, might be remedied by modification of the
present rates of postage.
" There aie many othei matters of grievance complained
of, under the act of the 3d March, 1851, lelative to its
operation upon newspapers, periodicals, and other printed
matter; but your committee think that enough has been
said to convince eveiy candid mind that the rates of post-
age of newspapers, periodicals, arid other punted matter,
are both complicated and burdensome, and aii'oid just
grounds of complaint; to remedy which, >our committee
have prepared a bill winch Mmplnies the rales of postage,
rendering them unifoim and cheap, having, at the name
lime, a proper regaid to the revenues ot the Post Olhce
Department."
The bill as it will read, if it be amended as pro-
posed by the committee:
Be it enacted, That from and after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, the postage upon
all printed mutter passing through the mail of the Crated
State*, instead of the rates now charged, shall be a-> follows,
to wit: Each newspaper, pamphlet, periodical, magazine,
book, bound or unbound, cneular, catalogue, and every
other description of printed mattei unconnected with any
manusCiipt or writing, and ot no greater weight than two
ounces, shall be ehaiged with one cent postage, and one
cent for each additional ounce, or fraction of an ounce, for
any dutaaee under three thousand miles; and for any dis-
tance over three thousand miles, double those rates. All
newspapers and peuodieals not weighing over one ounce,
published regularly as often as once m three months, and
sent from the office of publication to actual subsciibers,
shall be chargeable with only one half the foregoing rates.
The postage upon all printed mailable matter shall be pie-
paid at the office where it is mailed, or paidquarteilyin ad-
vance at the office of delivery ; otherwise double the fore-
going rates shall be charged thereon.
Sec 2. And be it farther enacted, That books, bound or
unbound, not weighing over fuurpounds, shall be deemed
mailable matter, and all printed matter chargeable by weight
shall be weighed when dry. The publishers of newspapers
and periodicals may send to each other, trom their respect-
ive offices of publication, free of postage, one copy of each
publication; and may also send to each actual subscriber,
enclosed in their publications, bills and receipts tor the
same, free of postage. The publishers of weekly newspa-
pers may send to each actual subscriber within the county
where their papers are printed and published, one copy
| theieof free of postage.
[The sections 3,4, and 5, proposed by the com-
mittee as an addition, will be found published
| above.]
The question was then taken upon Mr. Olds's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the resolution was postponed.
JOHN T. SULLIVAN.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred Sen-
ate bill No. 130, entitled "An act for the relief of
John T. Sullivan," reported the same without
amendment. m
Ordered, That the said bill be committed to a Committee
of the Whole House, and made the order of the day for to-
REVENUES OF POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. OLDS, from the same committee, reported
a bill, No. 294, for the better protection of the
revenues of the Post Office Department, and for
j other purposes; which was read a first and second
i time by its title, committed to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
MAIL ROUTES.
Mr. OLDS. I am instructed by the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, to report back
joint resolution No. 9, establishing certain mail
routes, which I will ask may be read and put upon
its passage.
The bill was read through.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, to allow me to introduce the following
amendment. 1 ask that it may be read.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
And that the load from Valloma Spring*, in Broome
county, New York, by the way of Nineveh and Coventry,
to Opioid, be, and the same is hereby, declaied a post road-
And the Postmaster Gencial is authorized to pay a reason-
able compensation for cairymg the mail on said route, by
direction of the Department, previous to this time.
And that the road from Oxford, aforesaid, by the way
of Coventiyville, to South Cambridge, be, and the same is
heieby, declared a post road.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to make a statement
to the House in regard to tins road. Afterthe New
York and Erie railroad was built, a plank road
was commenced, and is in part completed, from it,
by the way of Vallonia Springs, Nineveh, and
Coventry, to Oxford, in my district. It shortened
the mail route about forty miles to New York.
The mail was formerly carried to Binghampton,
and then up the Chenango Valley, and back across
to the valley of the Unadilla river. The people
at several offices got their mail and papers upon
the same day they are printed and mailed in the
city of New York, by this route. .By the other
route they did not get them until the day after-
waids. The Postmaster Geneial was so well
satisfied with this improvement that, although it
was not a post route, and not completed entirely,
he directed the mail to be carried over that route,
instead of being carried over the old circuitous
route by Binghampton. The change was made
with his consent. It accommodates several post
offices in my district. It is a great improvement
and convenience, and the expense of carrying the
mail on the new route is less than it would be on
the old route. I hope there will be no objection
made to the change. It was done by the direction
of the Department, and the object of this amend-
ment is simply to allow the Department to pay so
much for carrying the mail up to this time, as the
Postmaster General himself shall think proper.
They could not change the route in any other
way. Until a law is passed establishing this as a
post route, he had no legal right to pay for carry-
ing the mail upon it.
Mr. OLDS. I will say with regard to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Bennett,] that I have no doubt the
facts are as stated by him, and that an amend-
ment in this or some other bill should obtain favor
with the Ho.use. It strikes me, however, that it
would be more proper in the general post route
bill which will be reported in a few days, than
upon this resolution, which is simply a resolution
declaring all plank roads mail routes. I leave the
matter entirely with the House.
Mr. BENNETT. Let me say a word about
that. This resolution was introduced throughmy
application in the Senate. It was supposed that
it would be sufficient, if applied to all plank roads,
and that it would reach my case. But this is not
a plank road all the way, and the resolution will
not, therefore, reach the case I have presented. And
it does not give any authority to make payment
for carrying the maii heretofore—for both of which
reasons this amendment is necessary. And this
is the very place for fixing this matter, in this
joint resolution, and not in the general act creating
post roads.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Ben-
nett's amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that bill, to include all public highways.
I have been at a loss to discover why Congress
should spend month after month m every year to
get up a lengthy bill and pass it, covering any mail
route which anybody may ask for. I see no ob-
jection why every public highway in the United
States should not be declared a mail route, reserv-
ing to the Postmaster General the right to put on
the mail whenever he pleases, and not until he
Mr. SACKETT. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ? I state this objection to it,
that if public highways were declared mail routes,
private carriers for sending mails or letters between
individuals upon all public highways, would be
cut off, and subject to the penalties of the Post
Office law.
Mr. STUART. That is a very great mistake,
I think. There would be no such difficulty at all,
until the Department put the mail on the route.
There is no reason in the world, that I have been
able to discover, why every road now built, or
hereafter to be built in the United States, should
not be declared a mail route, reserving, as I said
before, to the Postmaster General the discretion to
say when he would put the mail service upon it.
We spend thousands of dollars every single year
heie in enacting laws establishing mail routes, and
I venture to say, that in the history of twenty-five
years, there has never been an application denied.
In that duty, the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads have been so crowded by business of
this sort, that they needed a clerk to do what, by
this bill, can be done in two hours. Just insert
after "plank roads" the words "public high-
ways,*' and that thing is done, and forever.
Mr. MOXiEHEAD. I do not know that I un-
derstand this thing as the gentleman does. I ask
him whether he intends to confer upon the Post-
master General the responsibility of saying that
there shall be post roads where all the public high-
ways are made ? It seems to me that it lies with
him now to say where the post routes shall be,
without reference at all to members of Congress.
Mr. STUART. The gentleman does not un-
derstand me. It is to declare every public high-
way a post route and post road, making it a gen-
eral provision. The law would remain as it is
now, so far as the discretion of the Postmaster
General is concerned. After Congress goes on
here, and passes a long bill establishing post roads,
the Postmaster General exercises his discretion in
putting mail service upon such roads, and the
kind of service. The only difference between the
former method and the plan I propose is, that
whenever it was necessary to put mail service
upon a route, you would only have to apply to
the Postmaster General, and satisfy him that the
wants of the community required it, and that the
revenues of the Department would permit it, and
he would do it. Congress would not be troubled
again. It would save a vast deal of special legis-
lation.
Mr. MOREHEAD. The law, as it now ex-
ists, designates the termini of mail routes. When
