THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
FUBLiS HED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. R i V ES.—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
3"2d Cojjgr^ss, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JULY 8, 1852.
New Series....No. 105,
it is to be earned into execution the Postmaster
General is to say. If I understand the gentleman
correctiy, ail public highways, by his proposi-
tion, are made post routes at the discretion of the
Postmaster General.
Mr. S TUART. They are made post roads ab-
solutely.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Made so absolutely! I
There may be half a. dozen roads leading to the 1
same points. 1 wish to understand from The gen- j
ilenian whether the idea is this: that it shall belong |
to the Postmaster General to say which one of '
these hallf dozen roads shall be adopted as the i
post route? * j
Mr. STUART. Which one; any, or all of
them. The difficulty atany rate, which now exists,
would be obviated. If a gentleman goes to the
Postmaster General now, and asks to have a route
changed, and the mail transferred from one road
to another, because it would save ten miles and
reach a given point more directly, what is the an-
swer? Why, that it cannot be done, because the
one to which it is proposed to be changed, is not a
post road. Although the community wish it, and
the Postmaster General is abundantly willing to
do it, and the revenues of the Department would
be benefited by it, yet it cannot be done because
it is not a post road. I can see no evil, I re-
peat, in making every road in the United States,
now laid out or hereafter to be laid out, a post
road. No further legislation upon the subject than
that would be required. The other provisions of
the law which controls the discretion of the Post-
master General would apply to all others, and it
would save an immense amount of labor to the
committee and Congress, and a vast expense to
the countt y.
Mr. MARSHALL,of Kentucky. The prop-
osition of the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] is an extremely convenient one, but it
occurs to my mind that it is rather wholesale in
its character. By a single effort the responsibility
which devolves upon Congress by the Constitu- 1
tion, or rather in a single etfort, without any dis- !
cretion, it exhausts at once the whole power eon- I
ferred upon Congress by the Constitution; and it i
is done under the pretense of convenience. It is I
a transference at once to the Executive Depart- >
mentofthe legislative discretion which is vested |
by the Constitution in the Representatives of the j
people.
I ant not, for one, willing, whatever trouble and
inconvenience the Post Office service may suffer,
to lay down a precedent by which the Represent-
atives of the people shall transfer their constitu-
tional duties, substantially,to the head of an Ex-
ecutive Department. We have now declared by
law, I believe, that all navigable waters of the
United States are mail routes. Now, the propo-
sition comes that we shall declare all the highways
of the United States mail roads, and that it shall
hereafter be the prerogative of the head of the
Post Office Department to choose which of these
he will establish as a mail route, and when he
shall put service upon them. In other words, they
propose that we shall exhaust the whole power
vested in the Representatives of the people by the
Constitution, and that the administration of the
Constitution shall henceforth be trusted to the
head of the Post Office Department, to be exer-
cised how, and when, and where he chooses.
Now, sir, this may be very convenient; but it
seems to me that it is taking steps towards the
transference of the legitimate power of this Cham-
ber to the Post OfBce Department at rather too
rapid a rate. 4
Mr. GREY. I do not see that thpre can be any
good and well-founded objection urged to the
amendment proposed bv the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stuart.] Now, every year a long bill
is reported establishing mail rou'es, and often the
same roads are declared several times, in several
different bills, to be mail routes. No proposition
to the committee to establish a mail route is ever
denied. Every proposition made is granted, and
put in the general bill. It does not at all compel
the Postmaster General to put mail service upon
105
the road because it is declaied a post route. It '
leaves it to Ins discretion, and the Postmaster ;
General has stated, that it is impossible for nim to j
tell, without more labor than he had cletks in the [
office, to inform lis, what loads were mail routts,
and what not. What mail routes have been estab- :
hshed by previous Congresses, for years past, j
it is impossible to tell. Now, sn, it requiresgr^it
labor and a great expenditure of time, at every
session, to prepare and pass this general bill, and i
I can see na objection to the disposing of all this '
labor, by adopting the amendment of the gentle-
man from Michigan, declaring every road in the
United States a post route, and I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
i\lr. MOREHEAD. I have only one additional
observation to add to what fell from thegemleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. iVIarsiiali..] If theamend-
ment is adopied, I understand then that every
public road in the United States is a post office
route—a post road. That would be the effect of
the amendment. It then (hi ovvs the whole estab-
lishment of post offices and post routes, and the
number of them, upon the discretion of the Post-
master General. IVow, I do not understand how
Congress could ever make any calculation to meet
by us appropriation that branch of public expendi-
ture. One Postmaster General might adopt every
road that had been laid out by the Legislature of !
every State. Another might act with greater dis-
cretion and not adopt half as many. It seems to
me that the whole subject would'be involved in
great difficulty, and that Congress would know
nothing about the extent of expenditure which
might be incurred in that branch of the public ser-
vice. Taking this view of it, in addition to that
taken by the gentleman from Kentucky, it seems
to me that a more uncertain policy could not be
adopted by a legislative body.
Mr. FOVVLGR. Ill reply to the gentleman
who has just spoken, it is sufficient to observe that
a very large number of public roads or highways
are already mail routes that are not occupied "as
such—perhaps three fourths of the roads of the
country have already been recognized byCongress,
but the Postmaster General does not put mails
upon them. He never will do it until there is an
appropriation for it. And if all the roads in the
country, all the public highways, are made mail
routes by this amendment, lie will still go on just
as he has done, exercising his discietion, and never
adopting a route until the public service calls foi
it. I think, sir, the objection is wholly without
foundation, when viewed as if should be, in con-
nection with the fact that mail routes established
by Congress do not, of course, require the Post-
master General to put a mail upon them.
Mr. EVANS. Three or four years ago I in-
troduced the very amendment which is now intro-
duced by the gentleman from Michigan. The
tiouse debated it, and decided in favor of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky against my amendment.
I never myself could see any reason why we
should not at once make all the public highways,
mail routes. !
[Here a message was received from the Presi-
dent, of the United States, by the hands of Millard j
P. Fillmore, his private Secretary, informing the !
House that the President had approved the fol- 1
lowing bills: i
An act to amend an act entitled " An act for the
punishmentofcrimes in the DisirictofCokunbia;"
An act for the relief of John Jackson; and i
A joint resolution accepting from Giuseppe i
Fazigni a portrait of Henry Clay, and ordering |
it to be placed in the Library of Congress.] i
Mr..EVANS, (resuming.) I say, sir, that
there is no good objection against making every
road in the United States a mail route. Seeing no
such difficulty, I introduced an amendment; the
House discussed it, and voted it down, and I
never ventured upon it since. But there is one
little difficulty which the gentleman will have to
guard against in offering his amendment, and it
is this: The law requires post offices generally to
advertise every mail route, and miles? some pro-
vision is made in the gentleman's amendment, it !
will lead to rather an extensive system of adver-
tising. So long as you declare mail routes, the
Postmaster General advertises them. The law-
requires him to do so. Now, I think the amend-
ment very proper, and I will vote for it, if the
gentleman will put at the end some provision that
the Postmaster General shall not advertise any
routes but those he thinks the public service re-
quire to be advertised. With that limitation we
must certainly suppose that the Postmaster Gen-
eral will not be goihy of any gross abuse of
power, and we shall get rid of a great deal of
trouble and difficulty, and save much time in the
House, if we find that the power was abused,
nothing in the world would be easier than to le-
peal this provision which is sought to be carried
out by the amendment of the" gentleman from
Michigan.
Mr. S rtJART. I was aware, sir, of the law
which the gentleman from Maryland 1ms alluded
to, and an additional amendment to this bill, or an
amendment to the general bill, which is to be  e-
ported, will be necessary in order to ob\iate that
difficulty. But there is no difficulty in adopting
an amend rent, which will meet the objection sug-
gested by the gentleman from Maryland. As the
law stands now, sir, there is a \ast deal of unne-
cessary expense every year "in advertising mail
routes*, on which no service fs put, and the diffi-
culty referred toby the gentleman Hum Kentucky
[Mr. Grey] exists at the same time. An entire
mail route, or more frequently parcels of a partic-
ular mail route are in one, two, three, or four, or
more bills, and it is advertised over and over
again.
Bids are sent in to the Departments here produ-
cing perfect confusion, and I have spent three
mouths of tliis present session m getting strtyght-
ened out a provision of that sort in reference to
one of the loads in my district, before I could get
a mail established. Now, let this amendment be
adopted, and then,if the House pleases, in this
very bill, give to the Postmaster discretion as to
what routes he will advertise for service. But it
will be found, by an examination of the legislation
upon this subject, that very great injustice is done
every year to the public, and that a vast amount
of expense is incurred every year in adopting
routes that are of no sort of importance: for, when
petitions are sent here to a member, he refers them
to the committee, and every petition referred is re-
ported upon favorably. The whole thing can be
done better, more economically to the Department,
and better subserve the interests of the public, by
adopting this amendment, and then, either in this
bill, or in some other, restricting the law in regard
to the advertisements of the mail service.
Mr. B1S3ELL. The morning hour having ex-
pired, 1 move that the House proceed to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. OLDS. I«move to recommit that bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BlrfSELL. I will yield the floor for that
purpose, although I have made the motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion will be entered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mi .S tuart in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated as the first business
in order before the committee, the consideration of
House bill No. 237, to supply deficiencies in ap-
propriations for the year ending 30th .Tune, 3852,
unon which the gentleman from Texas [Mr.
Howard] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOWARD addressed the committee in
favor of the amendment of the Senate adding the
following proviso to the item of the bill appropri-
ating $8U,OO0 for running and marking the bound-
ary line between the United Suites and Mexico,
according to the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo:
"Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be so con-
strued as to sanction a departure from the point on Uie Bio
