1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
Giande north of the town called Paso, designated in the
said treaty."
He also advocated the amendment of the Senate
giving an increased compensation to the Collins
fine of steamers. [His speech is published in the
Appendix.]
,Mr. CHANDLER occupied the floor an hour
in favorof the amendment of the Senate increasing
the appropriation to the Collins line of steamers.
He defended the appropriation on high national
grounds. [Mr. C's speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, obtained the floor,
but yielded to
Mr. VENABLE. As the debate is to close
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, and as 1 desire to say
something upon the subject of the Collins line of
steamers before it is closed, I hope the committee
will take a recess and have an afternoon session.
[Cries " Agreed !" "Agreed!"]
Mr. STANTON. I cannot yield for that mo-
tion. We will not meet here this evening; that is
all about that.
Mr. VENABLE. All I ask is, that when the
gentleman shall have concluded his speech, the
committee will take a recess until five o'clock this
evening. Let us take our dinnerand then return.
The'CHAIRMAN. The Chair will ask the
committee to indulge him in a single word. He
will be glad to come back here at such hour as
would suit the committee to hear gentlemen who
desire to speak on this question. The Chair is
advised there ore several who desire to make
speeches on the subject immediately under con-
sideration.
Mr, BRECKINRIDGE. If it be in Order I
move that when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] yields the floor, the committee take a
recess until live o'clock this afternoon. I wish to
put my proposition distinctly before the commit-
tee. 1 understand from pailiamentanans that it
is in order.
Mr. STANTON. I will agree to that.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 insist upon
the question of order, that the committee have not
the power.
Mr. GiDDINGS. I must be? leave to say one
word. This has been the universal practice of
the House. The committee have full powers to
take a recess, if they please, before they rise.
There is no doubt about that.
The question was then put on the proposition
to take a recess till e o'clock in the evening, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio, then resumed the
floor, and addressed the committee an hour. After
alluding to politics, and expressing the belief that
the speech of Mr. Toombs would be the means of
gaining; several thousand votes for General Scott
in Ohio, proceeded to oppose the Senate amend-
ment proposing an mcie.ise of compensation to
the Collins line of steamers. [Mr. >J\s speech is
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. VENABLE then obtained the iluor, when
The committee took a recess until five o'clock.
RVrA'lKC; KHHSION.
The committee reassembled at five o'clock,
about thirty members being in attendance.
Mr. VENABLE opposed the amendment of
the Senate, proposing increased compensation to
the Collins line of steamers, and argued to prove
that they were unfit for war purposes. [For
speech see Appendix.]
Mr. CARTTEit addressed the committee in
favor of the amendment, and ga\e the reasons
which induced him to part company with gentle-
men with whom he had been in the habit of act-
ing upon similar questions, and for whom he en-
tertained the highest and most sincere respect.
He proceeded to show that the Collins line could
not survive competition with the Canard line
without the aid of Government, and contended
that the amendment was constitutional. He de-
nied that to pass the amendment would be to cre-
ate and maintain a monopoly, and declined that,
as far as the Government had aided this line, it
had been directly to destroy monopoly. He should
feel his notion degraded from the discharge of a
high duty if it shouM snO^r this line to retire from
the contest under the eatiant triumphs they had
achieved in this race of competition. They should
not do it if his vote could prevent it. [For speech :
see Appendix.
Mr. EVANS occupied the floor an hour, main-
taining that the appropriation to the Collins line
was a national question—one that appealed to his
heart as an American—and he would give the
amendment a cordial support. He did this without
having been appealed to from any quarter, and he
understood there were agents upon both sides—
that there were agents seeking to obtain this appro-
priation, and some underhand British agents,
with large sums of money, attempting to operate
upon the American Congress against American
interests. He held thathewas free to choose one
or the other, and he did choose to take his posi-
tion for American interests. He argued strongly
ih favor of the amendment. [For speech see Ap-
pendix.]
The committee then rose,
And the House, at eight o'clock, adjourned j
until to-morrow at eleven o'clock.
j PETITIONS, &c.
' The following petitions, memorials, &e., were presented
! undei the rale, and referred to the appropriate committee.4!:
I By Mr. AVI2UETT: The petition of James Rangeley, of
• Henry comity, Vngmia, praying indemnity lor French
| bp'tilaiiun pnoi to 18UU.
| By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of Joseph
1 Yount, G. II. BalingaJl, and 7*2 otheis, ciuzens of the State
| of Indiana, praying for a grant of lands to construct a eon-
j tinuouh and direct line ol railrodd thiough from Cincinnati,
' Ohio, to Chicago, Illinois, via New CaStle and Logans-
! poit.
j Uy Mr, BRAGG: The petition of Augustus B. Ward and
i Julien Chevaliez, praying for a law authonzuig thorn to
! pei feet their title to a pieec oi land m the distnctof St. Ste-
1 piienr-, Alabama.
! By Mr. BRENTOX : The petition of Samuel Kinney and
! 110 other-, inking loi a mail route from Columbia, Whitley
! county, rut Thorn eieekto Albion, Noble county, Indiana.
J By Mr. HKIYlV : The petition ot K. W. Steele and 75
j other-, a-kiiig 101 the establishment of a land office at In-
! dianol.i, Wairen county, lo'va.
! By Mi ^MAltT: Tno petition of Mary Chapman,fc of
St<'ris>, M^uie, toi ichef.
i By Mi MfMULLIN : The petition of F. Broket, asfift-
| ant marshal, praying additional compensation lor taking the
! census
] IN SENATE. "
J Wednesday, July 7, 185:2.
ij Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
I Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I desire to present
;| the petition of Washington Moorehead, of Zanes-
!| vilie, Ohio, who represents that Passed Midship-
i; man Joseph Moorehead, on the Brazilian station,
;i was found guilty by a court-martial of scandalous
conduct, and that it has been subsequently ascer-
tained that he was in point of fact insane. The
■I petitioner prays that Congress will take this case
1 into consideration, and pass such a law as may be
'! necessary to remedy the grievance of which com-
!| plaint is mode. I believe the case to be a meritori-
ous one, and desire that the petition may be re-
:j ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I
j | hope that the committee will take it into careful
consideration.
!i It was so referred.
Also, a petition of merchants of Cincinnati,
!| praying for the fiee navigation of, and the con-
; struction of an additional canal around the Falls of
j! the Ohio; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
1 \ Also, a petition of citizens of Belmont county,
j Ohio, piaymg that the bridges of the Wheeling
1 and Belmont Bridge Company, may be established
\ as n'kul routes; which was referred to the Com-
nnttee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
^ Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Gotlieb
'j A. Ivriezer, late a marine on board the United
,, Stales ship !< Marion," praying to be allowed the
i! difference between the pay of a maiine and that
!: of surgeon's steward during the time he acted in
ij the hitter capacity; which was referred to the
■; Committee on Naval Affairs.
■' Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of John Jan-
;j vrin,and others, citizens of Newburyport, Massa.
, chusetts, in reference to the right construction of
| the provisions of the convention between ti>e Uni- :
{ ted States and Great Britain, of JS]H, upon the j
sul>jen of the fisheries. The petitioners repre* I
| sent that an interpretation has been given by some
, of the authorities of Great Britain "to that treaty ;
; which they believe to be eironeous, and that they |
t have been informed that measures have been taken !
; by the British Government which, if carried out, I
will almost wholly deprive the citizens of this I
; country of the right to carry on the fisheries as !
; intended to be secured by said convention. The 1
petition was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Air. BORLAND presented the petition of Anna ^
Murphy, widow of Bartholomew Murphy, a rev- •;
olutionary soldier, praying to be allowed a pen- . >
sionfor-the services of her late husband during
the revolutionary war; which was referred to the -
Committee on Pensions. *
Mr. ATCHISON presented the proceedings of ■"
a meeting of citizens and inhabitants of Parkville,
Missouri, in favor of the organization of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska; which were referred to the I
Committee on the Territories.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition ofThosr.
S. J. Johnson, praying payment for wagons taken
for the use of the United States Army in New
Mexico; which, with the accompanying papers*
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred the bill from the
House of Representatives to provide for the pro-
tection of the Territories of New Mexico and
Oregon, and the States of Texas and California,
reported it back with an amendment.
He also submitted a report on the subject,
which was ordered to be printed. •
Mr. GEYER, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives for the relief of Thomas P. Dud-
ley, reported it back without amendment.
Jrie also, from the same committee, to.which
was referred the bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of B. B. Bennett, submitted
an adverse report thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Mary W. Thomp-
son, m behalf of widows of officers of the Army,
reported a bill to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans; which was read, and passed
to the second reading.
Mr. BRADBURY. Mr. President, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to which was referred a
resolution of the State of California, asking for a
change in the day on which the electors of that
State shall give m their votes for President and
Vice President of the United States, have instructed
me to make an adverse report. Perhaps it may be
convenient for me to state that the Constitution of
the United States provides that the day on which"
the electors shall give in their votes shall be the
same throughout the United States. Any change
must therefore be general. Regarding the incon-
venience now experienced in the State of Califor-
nia to be less than that which would result from
a general change, the committee have instructed
me to report against the desired alteration. I
move that the report be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
, was referred the petition of Chandler C. Yonge,
praying additional compensation, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
and that the petitioner have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers; which was agreed to.
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. CLEMENS , agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint res-
olution in relation to the public printing; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The resolution proposes to provide, that during
the present session, and of each succeeding Con-
gress, the Senate and House of Representatives
shall proceed to the election of a public printer
for each House respectively; the election in all
cases to be viva voce upon a call of the yeas and
nays. The public printers elected are to give
bonds, with approved securities, for the faithful
performance of the work. The Joint Committee
on Printing are to be judges of any violations of
said contracts, either in style or manner, and in
case of any violations of the same, the printing
may be ordered, by the joint committee, to be ex-
ecuted by another printer, and the public printers
charged with the expense caused by such viola-
tions. It also provides that, for all work of a
special character ordered by either House, not
properly embraced in the contracts, the public
printers are to be entitled to a preference over
other bidders, provided their rates for the same
