754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
second vacancy, and was declared elected, permitted to take
bis seat, and served during the session—was, m eflect, cre-
-vtei a member of the Legislature by appointment ot the
Governor."
The law requires—and I have a copy of the
election law of that Territory—that a proclama-
tion shall be issued by the Governor, ordering the
Probate Judge of the county where the vacancy
occurs to issue his writ of election. The Probate
Judge is required to give ten days' notice of the
election, by public proclamation and by handbills,
to be posted up at the most public places in each
precinct, announcing the object of the election, offi-
cers to be voted for, and the place where said elec-
tion is to be held. No complaint is made of that
election as far as filling the vacancy which first
occurred. But a second vacancy in the Territo-
rial Legislature occurred. The Governor ia re-
quired to see that the laws of that Territory are
faithfully executed. Disregarding the law, the
substance of which applicable to this case I have
stated, the Governor sends a letter to the Probate
Judge of the county of Rio Arriba, (so say these
gentlemen, and I have no doubt of the fact,) in-
forming him that a second vacancy has occurred
in the representation from that count)', and re-
questing him to have the second vacancy filled at
the special election then about to take place. He
does not give the Probate Judge time to comply
with the election law. The legal notice cannot be
given; the people of the county cannot be apprised
of the fact that an election for the second vacancy
will take place. The independent candidate is
elected by a majority of more than one hundred,
and the candidate of the Governor's party—the
defeated party—is, by some legerdemain, trans-
ferred to the Legislature to fill the second vacancy.
Well may these gentlemen say the Governor cre-
ated a member of the Legislature. This whole
proceeding was irregular and illegal, from its in-
ception to its conclusion. It was a wanton disre-
gard and flagrant violation of law. It of itself
establishes the charge of a corrupt interference in
the elections.
I propose to read another extract from this let-
ter. These gentlemen remark:
Ci In Summing up the above, we charge the Governor with
using the hurh and responsible position lie occupies m tor-
menting disorder among the mixed poition of the inhabit-
ants of our Territory, and pandering to the pa.-hions and
prejudices ot a people (already excited to feolinss ot* deadly
hatred by the aggressions oJ the war) again-t the American-
born citizen^, residents among them, thereby jeoparding
life and propeitv, destroying the bu>t intere.-t* of the Teni-
tory, and retarding the development ot it* resource*?. A
war of the ruca>—in other vvoids, a sanguinary eivii con-
flict—vnll, we fear, be ttie bitter flints ot his wanton, reck-
less, and selti;-h policy, if longer permitted to pursue it.
" Instead of making himselt the Governor of the Terri-
tory, he has set himself up as the head of a party, known
and rccognized by himself and lriond> .*** the Governor's
patty; rallying around him a coimpt Catholic fniesthood,
and a few wealthy Mexican- in the Territoiy. With
these instalments, he has obtained a Legislature sub-ei vi-
ent to his purpose--, and has filled all the -nboidmate officer
of the Territoiy with creatine who acknowhdge no law
hut his nil!; thus rendering the electii e franchise of no
avail, and dc-ti(iyni  the hopes entertained by the Inends
of liberal institutions, ot'elevating a people to tlx-rank a>id
pnvilege- of American citizens who, lor two centuries, bad
been suffering trom the effects ot an arbitiaiv and despotic
jule. instead of giving them examples of political piopn-
ety, and teaching them the value ot political mtejntv, he
has eiicouiaged them 111 the practice of all that is mean in
political chicanery, and protected them in the peipetration
of pprjmi/ and murder.
" In bringing about this deplorable condition of affairs for
the purpose o! making the government of the remote Ter-
ritoiy of New Mexico a unity and that unit himself, he has
cut him-elt ofi'fioni nearly the entire portion ot the Wme-1-
can population, and now stand- at the mercy of those whom
he has gathered around him; depriving hun elt of all power
to do good, should he repent bnte-elt of his eelfi-h nuns, and
be dispo'-ed to reform the people whom he has made more
corrupt and insubordinate than he found them. Thus all
is confusion and rum. We have no quiet, no i-aletv, no
security. W e have huv, but it cannot he on forced Tho-e
ot las party may commit any eiimc their interest* 01 their
passions dictate. He  i«/st (protect them, or fall. Thecon-
sequence of his miserable and mistaken poiuy has been,
Kt* outra"es mo>t execrable and crime-, the mo-! hor-
rible have, in many instances, been resolved into political
attairs, and dealt with or not dealt u ith. accoidinir to paiti
san considerations. Ho long as the Geneial Government
send us such officers, who work for the building up of a
pa*/!Lrr a *nimcu!ar interest, rather than attend to the mtei-
fn iLfr. ° Ur peoPle> vve bhail have but little cause of grati-
tude tor her maternal care."
I have now produced that kind of evidence upon
which these charges have been based. 1 know
nothing in relation to these transactions, of my
own personal knowledge. I have never been in
the Territory. But I speak from information ob-
tained from gentlemen of respectability. They
have been willing to place their charges in a tan-
gible and unmistakable form, and they not only
chaige on the Governor of that Territory, corrupt
interference in the elections and internal affairs of
the Tenitory, but they also charge him wuh com-
bining with the Mexicans for the purpose of pros-
trating the American-born citizens who are there.
I trust that, as 1 have referred to this letter, giving
the names subscribed to it, and which is a copy of
one which has been submitted to the President of
the United States for his consideration, I have
presented evidence sufficient to justify me in every-
thing 1 have said in relation to the conduct of the
Governor of New Mexico.
As I remarked theotherday, so far as concerns
the right of the gentleman from New Mexico to
a seat upon this floor, 1 had no desire, nor have I
now, to say anything. The Governor of that
Territory may have been guilty of all which has
been charged upon him, and which I have brought
evidence here to day for the purpose of substan-
tiating; and stiil the right of the gentleman from
New Mexico to a seat on this floor may not be
affected by it. It was only in consequence of a
desire, on the part of the gentleman from New
Mexico, to have an opportunity of defending the
Governor of the Territory which he represents,
that I felt disposed to present these charges to the
House, believing, at the same time, that, in so
doing, 1 was doing my duty as a legisiatoi; and that
this House, looking to the good of the whole
country, and particularly of the people of New
Mexico, might he able to judge whether Governor
Calhoun can promote the interests of this Govern-
ment by remaining any longer at the head of the
executive department of that Territory. For, sir,
it must be recollected that this Governor of the
Territoiy, also tills another very important office;
he is ex officio Superintendent of Indian Affairs for
that Territoiy, and is authorized by the Govern-
ment of the United States to negotiate ti euties—if it
is necessary that treaties shall be negotiated—with
the Indian tribes in that Territory. If, then, he
has nnpioperly dischaiged the duties of his ofRce
as Governor, are we not warranted in the suppo-
tion that, on coming to examine into the'Indian
affairs of the Territory, we may find that he has
been guilty of improper conduct in the perform-
ance of those duties also ?
I have thus briefly referred to the matters which
I intended to present to the House. I would, the
other day, very cheeifuliy have answered the
inquiry propounded to me by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Johnson,] but I thought that in the
absence of the gentleman from New Mexico—and
I did not know he was not present when I rose to
address the House—it was right to postpone this
matter, relating to the affairs of New Mexico and
its Governor, until he should be present to hear
what I might have to say upon the subject.
One word more upon a matter to which I in-
tended to advert. Captain Reynolds, the gentle-
man who is contesting the right of the Delegate
from New Mexico to his seat upon this floor, has
not presented evidence to substantiate the charges
which he here makes, because he lias received in-
formation from New Mexico that it has been im-
possible for the attorneys employed to take testi-
mony in his behalf, m consequence of executive
influence, to call together two alcaldes, or justices
of the peace, for the purpose of taking the evi-
dence at the times and places appointed. I will
read a brief extract from a letter upon the subject,
addressed to Judge Houghton by Mr. Pillans, a
lawyer of that Territory:
" It is impos&ible to obtain the testimony for Reynolds.
The Ex. " [Executive] " puts every obstacle in the wav,
and it is absolutely impossible to get two ulcnldes together
at the tenn that notice is given, and it taken illegally. W.
'* [ Weiehtman] " u ould object 1 have striven hard to effect
it, and have done nothing at la-t."
Tins is the reason why the testimony does not
accompany the memorial. Captain Reynolds was
obliged to repaii to this city, but he left the matter
in the hands of two attorneys, whom he employed
to attend to the taking of evidence fortius contest.
The presentation of the memoiial has been de-
layed, in the expectation that the testimony would
arrive in time to be presented to the House with
the memorial.
Mr. WEIGHTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was
anxious, the other day, that this question of privi-
lege m regard to the seat of the Delegate from
New Mexico should come up, not for the pur-
pose, as 1 then slated, of making any objection
to the printing of that memorial and the accom-
panying papers, or to their reference to the Com-
mittee of Elections, but for the purpose of con-
tradicting, promptly and at once, the gross charges
which have been made against the honorable
gentleman who is now Governor of New Mexico,
I regret that he has not a better advocate than
myself on this occasion. I regret that he has no
forceful Breckinridge or brilliant Marshall to
stand up here in his defense. But such as I am,
i bring to this question the highest regard for that
honorable gentleman, and admiration of htscourse
in New Mexico. In my belief, the honorable
Governor of New Mexico has pursued a course
calculated to make the Mexicans—who havebeen
separated from their Go\ernment by no act of
theirs, and who now owe allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States—feel that they are at
least a part of this Government; that they have
rights here that ought to beprotected; and that the
Government to which they belong was created by
the people, and ought to be administered for their
benefit. The elevation of policy and motives
which distinguish the Governor of New Mexico,
I believe is not appreciated, and cannot be appre-
ciated by some of those who would injure and belie
him. Against the Governor of New Mexico there
have been arrayed diveis and powerful influences,
I think 1 arn well enoughaccjuamted with myconn-
trymen to know, that when they understand that
powerful influences are brought to bear against
any individual, and that there is an attempt to
crush a man who is in the discharge of high and
honorable duties, the mere knowledge of that fact
will make those influences powerless.
I shall allude, now, to one of those influences. I
am about to read from a newspaper which, I under-
stand, has the largest circulation of perhaps any
paper in the Union; I mean the National Era. It
is the number of Febiuary 2Gth, and the article is
headed:
a suohndrclism in our territories—klpxapping
under a Governor's i.icfwsf —Wo publish on our fourth
pace an editorial from the Deseret News, disclosing a state
of things in our Teiritories which demands the immediate
attention of the Chief Executive. According to the -state-
ment, Governor Calhoun of New Mexico is no better than
an infamous kidnapper. Gangs of traders, with licenses
bearing his name, authorizing them to puichase Indian
children, as slaves, for the benefit of pt-r-ons in New Mexico,
have latelv been driven out of the Territory of Utah. Bad
as theMoImon& aie lepi^sented to be, they are riot so devil-
ish a- to connive at this new tiade in human blood, which
a United States officer, appointed by Mr. Fillmore, seems
ambitious to establish."
"The apprehension evidently prevails that proper atten-
tion to tcmtorial grievances may lead to discussion on
questions-connected with slavery;and that any enlightened
attempt to ledrcss them, may involve, unavoidably, the ex-
ercise of a powei over the Teiritories, winch the compro-
mise virtual!} abandoned.
" O, how this infernal Element of evil—the slave power,
obstructs all useful and beneficent legislation !"
Now, I wish to refer to the article from the
Deseret News, to see how much authority the
editor of the Era had for that statement:
" Slav*. Tr \ders in New Mexico and Utah ltceased
by Govkrvor Calhoun.—We find the following in the
New York Herald :
'''I'hc United State? officer* who returned from Utah,
have stated that pei-om were expelled Irom the Territory
if they became obnoxious to the censure of the M-oj mon
authonties. The following is> <i copy of an editorial article
in the News, m relation to a regularly licensed trader, who
it seems was not well regarded by the saints :
" ' A copy ot a license given to Pedro Leon to trade with
e the Utah Indians, Mgned by James S. Calhoun, Superin-
tendent of Indian Affairs, dated Santa Fe, August 14,
' 1^51, attested by D. V. Whiting, has fallen under our ob-
'seivation; and we understand the said Pedro Leon was
i at Manti, in the county of San Pete, on or about the 3d
1 mutant, accompanied by about twenty Spanish Mexicans,
1 trading and denning to trade horses, for Indian clnldren,fire-
' ami-, &c ; and we are aNo infoitned that there are two
1 other companion, of about the «ame size, and from the same
{ source, one of whom hoid> a blank licence, dated < Evecu-
' tive Department, Santa Fe, New Mexico, July 30, 1851,*
'signed b\ 'J. H. Calhoun, Superintendent of Indian At-
4 fair-,1 aurhonzimr said blank holder to pioceed to the Salt
' Lake county, in the Territory of Utah, for the purpose of
4 tiading with the Utah Indians in said region.'"
And that is all. He does not say for the pur-
pose of trading for Indian children, as slaves.
There are other parts of this article which it is
not necessary for me to read. But the Deseret
News, the quoted authority of the Era, does not
confirm the statement, that by the licenseof Gov-
ernor Calhoun there has been authorized: trade in
children of any kind, notwithstanding the reckless
and unscrupulous statement of the National Era.
This is one of the influences to which I alluded.
This influence, brought to bear against Governor
Calhoun, may be traced ia $ landred pape? in
