1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
155
Santa Fe, edited hy a gentleman who is an agent
of the American and Foieign Anti-Slavery Society,
who does little else than malign the Government,
the gallant Sumner, commanding; the troops in
3N"ew Mexico, and the humble individual who now
addresses you. This society is a powerful one;
and it is one of the chief influences which has
been brought to bear against the Governor of that
Territory.
To show the design of the National Era, in its
reckless and unscrupulous statements in reference
to Governor Calhoun, I wish to read a letter which
1 wrote at the request of General Foote. I wrote
it early in the present session of Congress. I de-
sire to read it in connection with the comments of
the National Era, in which the editor makes the
threat that I shall be made to feel for my contu-
macy, if I continue the course which I have thought
proper to pursue. Here is the letter:
Washington, December IQtk, 1851. i
IVfv dp*b Sir: Tn compliance with your request, 1 give
youjny views as to the popular feeling concerning slavery
in New Mexico.
The popular feeling; in New Mexico is, I believe, fixedly
set against that counhy benis made llie ai^na in which to
decide political question* m which the people have no prac-
tical inunest, and all attempts winch have heretofore been
made, or which heieafter may be made, to induce the peo-
ple of that country to take sides on a question in which they
are not at all interes-ted. have been, and will, I tru«t, torever
be  utteily aboi tive.
There aie in New Mexico a few negroes, in all, as shown
by the census, seventeen; and of this number their1 may be
a« many as five or ax slaves—house-servants of officers of
the Army and otiier^.
Theie ha-, up to this time, before the judicial tribunals,
been no caso of a negio held to slaveiy -uing for his free-
dom. When such a case shall oecui, it will, in m> opin-
ion, be adjudicated without popular excitement of any kind,
though the people are, I believe, opposed Co the intioduc-
tion ot slave labor amongst the,melees; and when the tunc
shall come when the\ shall think proper to seek admission !
as a State ot the Union, tney will, I am inclined to think, j
should there be tn th.-ir opinion danger of the introduction ;
of stare labor there, prohibit it. But as there is at this tune ]
no Mich danger, there i  no excitement on the subject; and |
as I j-ee in me future no likelihood ot the introduction of ;
slave labor there, I app.ehend that the popular mind will, a?
now, lemain calm on ibis point, and the question of pro-
hibiting. admitting, or lemaming silent, concerningslaveiy,
will be tieated simply as a mattei of policy in reference to
being admitted into the Union.
To show the trccdom from excitement of the people on
this que.stion. I refer you to the fact, that m the State con-
stitution of New Mevieo, ol List year, though slaveiy was
prohibited, the under.sianed, though falsely denounced in
the only new-paper in Xevv Mexico as a slavery propagan-
dist, was elected to the Senate by an ovoi whelming \ote ;
and this., too, despite tin? general knowledge among the
member* ol the Legislature that he was in favor of i-o ar
landing the slavery clause as to effect our admission into
the Union, and without repaid to any oilier circum-tance
whatsoever J was confident that unconstitutional p:o\i-
ion could bring about the mtioduction ot slave Iaboi theie ;
and, being satisfied with the substance, did not trouble my-
self about a prolnbitionof whatcoukl neverafFectu*-. And
thN. ] believe, is the populai feeling in New Mexico.
We m New Mexico have suffered too much already, by
having our <soil made use of by- others as a political battle-
field over which to settle the slavery question, to again per-
mit ]t to be so u>ed if <ic \.an avAd it. ft is, 1 believe, the
fixed determination of the people to take no sides on this
question winch m no way practically concerns them. When
the question comes up, we v ill tre.it it sunpJy as a mattei of
policv, by winch to facilitate our admission into the Union.
Once admitted, we can do as we choose. We de>ue the
friend-hip of all; entangling alliances with none.
A vieoious effort was tin* year made to intelc*t the peo-
ple in tin-. vexed question, but all in vain. A document
entitled ''Address to the Inhabitants ot New Mexico and
California, on the omission by Congress to piovide them
with Terntuii.il Governments, and on the social and politi-
cal evils of vlaverv,*' was mdustilousiy enculated in Xew
Mexico, in the Spanish laneuaje, bv an agent of the Amer-
ican and Foreign Aim Slavery Society, who is at tin* time
tne editor of the Santa Fe Gazettem the columns of
which paper he is republishing occasional chapters of this
document. Jn this is drawn a companion, more highly
wrought than true, between the North and Soutli in refer-
ence to state of education, state of morals, state of reli-
gion. disregard of human life. di iegard of constitutional
obligations, population, military weakness, &c. In the
conclusion, the people aie urged to set up an independent
government, u unless exempted from the cur e ot slaveiv. '
and are promised, in that case, the assistance of the whole
North.'' 1 send you ail English and a Spanish copy.
You will peiceive that the unscrupulous pcisons who
are ingm" the law-abiding New Mexicans to the commis-
sion ot" treason, and promising assistance the) have no right
to ptomise, have signed their names to the document.
This attempt to diaw the simple, pastoral, and unatmed
people of New Mexico into an act ot treasonable resistance
to the poweiful Government to which they owe and ju-ld
allegiance. Will meet with the ptoiound indignation it de-
serves fiom all parts of the United States, but not more pro-
tound than the contempt it met with in New Mexico.
Tbou.rii supported bv tlieo ty new.spapei in New Mexico,
whose fdiSoi I-, .I, I haw -tated, an agent of fhe Amenean
and Foreign Anti-Slaverv Society, no excitement took place
in New Mexico, outside of the immediate taimh of the edi-
toi, clothed though he w,i« in the gail) of a misMonaiy—a
niimstei of the Got-pel—a minister ot peace.
Jt theie aie any persons m the United States who desire !
to colonize slaves m our Territory, I apprehend theie would
be no objection on the part ot the people of New Mexico,
let the decision of the courts be what it may Pet haps me
attempt would be beneficial; it would at all events settle
the question, ami effectually thwart any further attempt to
make New Mexico the scape-goat to bear the burden of a
question which concerns her not. We object to being made
the scape-goat, and would preler not being made use of even
as an illustration.
Should the courts in New Mexico decide that slaves may
legally be held, then I am sure that no popular excitement
would tollow; and I am equally sure that those who embark
in the eolomzmg expeiiment will speedilvsend or sell their
slaves out of the Territory. SUice labor will not pay in
New Mexico, and in that is comprised the whole ques-
tion.
We desire to be in a position m which Congress, unem-
bairassed by the slavery question as regards us, may direct
its attention to legislating so as to promote the interest of
that ncglected and sympathy-deserving section.
This letter I place at your disposition, to be used as you
may think pioper, though not wutten with that carefulness
as legards periods or with the compactness I would desne.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
II H, W13IGHTMA3V.
Hon. II. S. Foote, U. S. Senute.
I give this letter for the purpose of showing
what are the sentiments, or the absence of senti-
ment, that the National Era takes ground against,
and the reason for its hostility against me. On
this letter the Era comments as follows, in its
paper of January 1, 1852:
"Sir, Weightmas a.u \"i w Mi:\k o.—Mr, Smith,
fonner Delegate fiom New Mexico, wis rejected by the
Senate as nominee for the Secretaryship of the Territory,
because he had once written an address to the people theie,
advising them to exclude slavery on economical grounds]
He wa< a Kentuckian, the son ot a slaveholder, and not
an abolitionist. Hut he had oftended agam.-st the majesty
ol slaveiy—and that was a deadly sin.
" Ills successor, It. H Weightman, has taken warning,
and bends the knee in time to the ruling pow. r. In a letter
from him, dated Decembei 21 t, lo.il, to Mi. Foote, and
read a few da\ ? <i^o in the Senate, he undeit.\k«'.> to vouch
for the utter ln'htiVi ence of the New Mexicans, on the ques-
tion of slaveiy. lie say& they cannot be persuaded to take
sides, and that all the arts of deigning people to excite
them against -laveiy have failed.
"•To show,'he says, 'the heedom from excitement of
' the people on the question, F refer you to the fact that 111
'the State constitution of New Mexico, of last yeat, though j
•'slaveiy was piobibited. the undeisigned, though falsely '
'denounced m the only newspaper in New Mexico as a i
'slavery propagandist, was elected to the Senate by an •
' ovei whelming vote; and tin*, too, despite th" general
1 knowledge among the memheis of the Les>i?.latuie that he |
' was in favot of 5o arranging the slaveiv clause as to efieet I
'out admission into the Union, and without legaid to any ;
' other circumstance whatsoevei '
" lie sa>s that when the question shall come up, •' we |
' will tieatit simply as a matter ol policy by winch to tacil- |
'ltateoui admi-shiou into the Union. Onc<  admitted, we [
'can do as we cnoose. We desire the friendship of all; 1
{ entangling alliances with none.' 1
fie is exceeding!} anxious to nnpiess upon the slave-
holders, that the people of New Mevieo have not the «-li!*ht- j
est objection, lti principle. 01 on the giound of a moral j
sentiment, to slaveiy, that could it live there, it would en- 1
counter no ho.-lile feeling. In a woid, he &cos nothing at all
objectionable in a system which biutahzes the colored mail. ;
and d,Jgiades tiie pooi white man. i
u : J f there are any persons m the United States v\ ho de- :
£ siie to eolomKe slaves in our Teiutoiy, i appiehend theie ■
' would be no objection on the pait of the people of New |
' Mexico, let the decision of the courts be whatit may. I'er-
' haps the attempt would l e beneficial; it would at all events
'settle the question, and offeetually thwart any Uuther at- j
' tempt to make New Mexico the scape-goat to bear the bur- j
'den of a question which concerns her not. We object to i
1 being made the scape-goat, and would prefer not being [
'made use of even as an illustration.5 !
'■'Should the courts in New Mexico decide that slaves |
'may legally be held, then I am suie that no popular ex- 1
' citemcnt would follow ; and I am equally suie that those I
' wiio embark in the colonizing expeiiment will speedily
' send or sell their slaves out of the Terntory. Shn-e hzbor
* u ill not pay in Neic Mexico, and in that is comprised the
; whole question '
" What can be expected of a Territory, the first act of
whose first Delegate is one of abject submission to the slave
powei ?
" We trust Mr. Weightman may livelong enough to learn
that servility to a sectional mteiest • does not pay.'
It may be that the National Kra and those
whom it represents may make me "/jef," because
of the views 1 conscientiously entertain; and if, in
its endeavors so to make me "feel," it is as unscru-
pulous in its attacks on me as it has been on Gov-
ernor Calhoun, I doubt not I will be shown up in
a way to induce the subscribers of that paper to
believe me a monster of iniquity.
There is another newspaper in the United States
that has thought proper to take up the cudaels
against Governor Calhoun. It is the '*St. Louis
Republican." This paper has the largest circula-
tion of any paper west of the Alleghany mountains
—at least lam inclined to think so—and was built
up by the eneigy and enterprise ofthe editor, who
is the proprietor also. As the circulation ot this
paper increased, so did the views of its editor en-
large, until he has at this time, I believe, taken
under his sole control the whole State of Missouri,
not only as regards its general policy, but he can
tell you who is the best man, of all the men in the
country, to be brought out as constable for any
parish in the State. He has extended himself also
to the State of Illinois, lp the same way, and will
be able to give the members from Missouri or Il-
linois excellent advice as to the way in which they
are to conduct themselves in Congress.
He has also attended, generally and largely, to
the Indian policy of the (Jovernment, and knows
more now about the Indians lying between Beh-
rmg's^Straits and the southeast corner of Texas,
than Fitzpatrick or any of those old mountaineers,
intelligent and educated men who have spent forty
years among the mountains; and if the Govern-
ment could only be persuaded to turn over to the
editor of that paper the charge of the Indian af-
fairs, they would be placed upon a bottom as broad
and substantial as the editor's, and all that old
! "fogyism" about Indian policy, begun by John
C. Calhoun and continued by his successors, in
the War and Interior Departments, would be se-
curely shelved forever.
He is also able to give excellent advice in re-
g<ud to the contiguous potato patches of New
Mexico, Utah, Oiegon, and California, and should
the circulation of his paper be still further extend-
ed, will be found quite competent to regulate the
affairs of the universe. This paper, for some rea-
son which I will not undertake to determine, pub-
lished, with apparent pleasure, anonymous arti-
cles winch were abusive of the Governor of New
Mexico: and while he did this, it was with a great
deal of difficulty thai the insertion of any publi-
cation, in the natuieof a defense of that gentle-
man, could be obtained, although the communi-
cation might not be anonymous. 1 lefer to a
communication of my own which appeared in the
paper, after a considerable contest with the editor,
and which was over my own signature, and which
I will read in the course of my remarks. Wheth-
er the general disposition of this editor to pub-
lish assaults on, and indisposition to publish de-
fenses of, Governor Calhoun, is attributable to his
desire to arrange the world's aflairs generally, to
the fact that his nether integuments too tightly fit
him, or to the fact of his residence in a mercantile
community, and that the merchants of New Mex-
ico have been pleased to combine themselvesagainst
Governor Calhoun, or whether it is atti ibutable to
the myriads of " toddies" that he has drank with
certain merchants, with whom he has affilia-
tions, in New Mexico, I will not undertake to de-
termine. But that he is prone to attack, and indis-
posed to defend, is the fact. I suppose that he is
the representative of the mercantile interests m New
Mexico. That is one of the influences which is
brought to bear against Governor Calhoun. This
influence is more extended and ramified than
misjlit be supposed. The Santa Fe merchants owe
fne, or twenty, or fifty thousand dollars to St.
Louis merchants, to Boston, New York, or Phil-
adelphia merchants, and all of them are interested
in being paid their money, and to that extent are
interested m carrying out the views of the Santa
Fe merchants.
There is another, a military influence in New
Mcxico, which has been brought to bear against
this worthy Governor, of which f shall presently
speak. The petition of my honorable contestant
contains in itself matters and averments altogether
sufficient for a defense against all the charges con-
tained m the memorial, and, indeed, I may say
against all the charges, bearing diiectly or indi-
rectly on the election, that have been put before
this House by the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Phelps.] This memorial sets forth
that a notice of his intention to contest my elec-
tion was served upon me in New Mexico, and
that that notice of contest contained this charge of im-
proper and illegal, interference on the part of the Gov-
ernor of .Xew MexicOiand of his corrupt influence in
the election. It acknowledges, also, the receipt of
my answer, which denies that interference and
corruption. Here, then, is the i^ue made up; and
according to the law of the United States, passed
by the Congress of the United States, regulating
the mode of taking testimony in oases of contested
elections, theie was a fixed mode in which to take
testimony. Now, the quesfion is, why was not
that testimony taken ? Here is the reason, as set
forth in the memorial:
'•The fohowmg n an extract from a letter directed to
