THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XXXXll
From Ruckmanville, Highland county, via
Wade's Store, to Hunterville.
From Pickaway Plains, Monroe county, via
Rocky Point, Wolf Creek, and Snopesville, to
Cedar Grove, on the Red and Blue Sulphur turn-
pike.
From Fairfax Court-House, via Falls Church,
Bailey's Cross Roads and Brixton, to Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
From Leesburg to Point of Rocks, Maryland.
From Hopkin's Store to Salt Sulphur Springs,
in Monroe county.
From Charleston to Rabbletown, in Jefferson
county.
From Milford via Port Royal and Port Conway
to King George Court-House.
From New Market via Brocksgap, Dovesviile,
Brake's Run, and Eyman's Run, to Luney's
Creek, in Hardy county.
From Zackville via Elizabeth, Forks of Ready
Creek, and M. D. W. Boggs's, to Tanner's Cross
Roads, in Jackson county.
From New Castle to Salem in Roanoke.
From Salem via Cave Spring to Jacksonville,
Floyd county.
From West Warren to Cotton's Store, in Wet-
Kel county.
From Cotton's Store, via Knob Fork, Willow,
and Randolph, to Martinsville, ill Wetzel county.
From the Forks of Fish Creek to Woodlands.
From Russell Mills via Sylvan Mills, to St.
Mary's, Pleasants county.
From Mattoax Depot via Elk Hill, Lodore,
Painesville, and Rodophil, to Deatonsville, Ame-
lia county.
From Glenville viaTownsend Mills, to Stout's
Mills, in Giimore county.
From Beatty's Mills, down the South Fork of
Fishing Creek, and down Indian Creek to Rip-
ley's, in county of Tyler.
From New Martinsville via Fan Light, Pack-
saddle, Carney's, Gorby's Mills, and forks of
Fish River to Fish Creek post office, in Marshall
county.
From Jacksonville via Buffalo Mountain, to in-
tersect theTaneygap road from Hillsville to Moun-
tain Eddy.
From Petersto wn via Gap Mill to Sweet Springs.
From West Columbia via Cedar Flats, Upper
Flats, and Lelast Falls to Jackson Court-House.
From Mowfield via Howard's Lick, John Ma-
thias, and Orkney Springs to Mount Jackson, in
Shenandoah county.
From New Canton via Virginia Mills, Diana
Mills, and Glenmore to Mount View, in Bucking-
ham county.
From Farmville via Curdsville to Buckingham
Court-House.
From Mount Vinco viaGIenmoie to Warren,
in Albemarle county.
From Washington via Piscataway, Deantown,
and Bryantown to Leonardtown, Maryland.
From Rose's Mills to Temperance, m Amherst
county.
From Howardsville via turnpike road to Mid-
dlebrook, Augusta county.
From Howardsville via Goodwin's Church, and
Mount Vinco to Buckingham Court-House.
From Buckingham Court-House via Mount
Vinco, Glenmore, Diana Mills, and Virginia
Mills to Canton, in Buckingham county.
From the Louisa Fork of Sandy via Grapevine,
John's Creek, up Big Creek and Tug and the
Forks of Sandy to Warfield, in Lawrence county,
Kentucky- . i
From Wirt Court-House via Lee's Mills, Reedy i
Ripple, and Three Forks of Reedy to Reedsville. j
From Lexington via Colhertown to Buchanan,
in Botetourt county. _ j
From Williamsport, in Wood county, to inter-
sect the Parkersburg and Baltimore mail route at
the junction of the Williamsport and Northwest- |
ern turnpike, sixteen miles east of Parkersburg.
From Davis's Mills via Fancy Grove and Al- i
exander Leftwick's, in Bedford county, to Ber-
ber's Store, in Pittsylvania county.
From Davis's Store to Berger's Store, Pittsyl-
vania county.
From Swynsard's to Waddell's Store, in Charles
City county.
From Dragon Ordinary via Scuflletown and G.
W. Simond's Store, to Mathews Court-House.
From Millford in Caroline county to Port Royal,
in the same county.
IN NORTH CAROLINA. \
From Middletown to Cape Hatteras. j
From Greenville via Ward's Store, to Harail-
ton, in Martin county.
From Salem via Germantown, Walnut Cove,
Madison, and Leaksville to Danville, in Pittsyl-
vania county, Virginia.
From Franklin toChilhowee,'in Blountcounty,
Tennessee.
From Burnsville via Jack's Creek, Coxe's
Creek, and Bamsaytown to Longmire, Washing-
ton county, Tennessee.
From Cypress Grove post office, on the Wil-
mington and Raleigh raihoad, via Long Creek,
Beatty's Bridge, and Black River Chapel, toHar-
ret's Store, in New Hanover county.
From Columbia to Fort Landing, in Tyrrel
county.
From Columbia to Gum Neck, in Tyrrel
county.
From Hookertown via Johnson's Mills and
Coxville to Greenville.
From Wilson to Greenville.
From Graves to Leaksville, in Rockingham
county.
From Brinkleyville to Areola, in Warren coun-
ty-
From Allemance post office via Summer's Mill
to Monticello, Guilford county.
From Fayetteville, on east side of Cape Fear
river, via Blockus to Elizabethtown, Bladen coun-
ty.
From West Brooks, Bladen county, to Cain-
tuck, m New Hanover county.
From Beaufort to Jarrott's Bay, in Carteret
county.
IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
From Grahamville to Blufton.
From Robertsville to Guyton central railroad,
Georgia.
From Gillisonville via A. M. Ruth's and B. L.
Willingham's to Beech Branch.
From West Union to Pendleton, in the district
of Anderson.
From Graham's Cross Roads to Indiantown,
Williamsburg district.
From Camden via James Hailes, Clayborn's
Store, Tryon and Blackmail's Store, Blackmail's
Gold Mine, and Wolf Pond to Monroe, in Union
county, North Carolina.
FromNewbtrg Court-House via Saluda, Mount
Willing, Oakland, and Perry's Cross Roads to
Lotts, in Edgefield district.
From Indiantown via John Singletary's to Gra-
ham's Cross Roads, in Williamsburg district.
From Orangeburg Court-House to Vance's
Ferry, in Orangeburg district.
From Spartanburg Court-House via Boiling
Spring, White's Store, Fingersville Cross Roads
at John Wilkins, and Poorsfoid, on Broad river,
to Rutherford, North Carolina.
From Unionville via Bradley's Old Place, John
McKissick's Skull Shoal, Gowdeysville, and Oak
Grove to Wilkinsville.
From Pmkneyville to Gowdeysville.
From Anderson via Townville and Bachelor's
Retreat to Clarkesville, Georgia.
From Anderson via Clayton and Rabun's Gap,
to Chattenooga.
From Pendleton to Clayton, Georgia.^
From Anderson via Rabun's Gap to Knoxville,
Tennessee.
From the head of the Greenville and Columbia
railroad to Greenville.
From Newburg Court-House via J. A. Bul-
ware's, Bankwright's Ferry, on Saluda river,
Perry's Cross Roads, Oakland, Mount Willing,
Smith to Lotts, Edgefield district.
IN GEORGIA.
From Clayton to Whetstone, in the district of
Pickens, South Carolina.
From Swayne's Store to Waresboro', in the
county of Ware.
From Spartato Tennille, in Washington county.
From Edonton via James Denmaik's, William
D'Loach's, and Benjamin Brewton's toReidsville,
in the county of Tatnall.
From Tennille, on the Central railroad, via
Rick's Mills, m Kmanuel county.
From Okapileo via Smckur's Mills to Piscola,
in Lowndes county. . .
From Waresboro' to Jacksonville, in Telfair
county.
From Edonton via James Shuman's to Edward's
Bridge, in the county of Bryan.
From Cedar To wn, I3auiding county, to Pump-
kin Pile, in said county, being- an extension of
route number three thousand three hundred and
seventy-six, now in operation.
From Pendaroi's Store, in Wayne county, via
Linders Bluff, Ruddishville, and Esonville to
Honesville, in Appling county.
From Mount Vernon to Sugar Creek, in Telfair
county.
From Swainsboro* to Reidsville, in Tatnali
county.
From Blairsville to ClarkviUe, in Habersham
county.
From Cambelltown to Fairburn, in Fayette
county.
From Gainesville, Hall county, to Carnesville,
in Franklin county.
From Gum Swamp, Pulaski county, to Irwin-
ville, Irwin county.
From Center Village, Camden county, via
Trader's Hill and Raulersou's Ferry, to Surwame
Shoals, Florida.
IN ALABAMA.
From West Point via Fredonia, Milltown, and
Goldville to Talladega, in Talladega county.
From Jacksonville via New Bethel, Ben. H
Pace's, A. H. Colvin's, Samuel B. Hodge's, and
Turkeytown to Peter Wagnon's.
From Port Gibson, along the south bank of the
Tennessee river, to Chattanooga, State of Ten-
nessee.
From Weedowee via Lamar, Eastville, Laurel
Hill, and Lodi, in the county of Coweta, Georgia,
and Rutherford, Georgia, to Newman, Georgia.
From Oakfusky via Powder Mills, Flat Rook,
and Mad Indian to Lower Fish Head, in Talla-
dega county.
From Oxford via Corngrove, Arbacooehee, East-
ville, and Laurel Hill to Newman, Georgia.
From Tuscumbia via Frankfort, Blue Lick,
Cherubusco, Burleson, Chastine's Store, and
Cross Roads to Smithville, Monroe county, Mis-
sissippi.
From Houston, in Hancock county, to MouL-
ton, m Lawrence county.
From Talladega via Goldville, Dadeville, and
Rome to Loachapocha depot, on the West Point
railroad, Macon county.
From Jonesboro'via Cam's Store and Luth's
Store to York, Walker county.
From Abbeville via Round Hill and Skippers-
ville to Barnes's Cross Roads, Dale county.
From Fayette Court-House via Newtonville and
Ilacleman's Cross Roads to Reform, in Pickens
county. ... „
From Tuscaloosa via William Blockus, on Bear
Creek road, to Centerville. in Bibb county.
From Fayette Court-House via Dublin and
Holley Grove to .Tapar, Walker county.
From Fayette Court House via Big Pond, Mud
Creek, and Olmda, in Fayette county, to Colum-
bus, Mississippi.
From Tuscaloosa via North Point and John
McConnel's, on Moore's Ridge Road, to Newton-
ville, Fayette county.
From Centreville to Carrolton, in Tishemmgo
county, Mississippi.
From Rogersvilie, in Lauderdale county, to
Gilbertsboro', in Limestone county.
From Bolivar via Valley Head to Alpine,
Georgia.
From Long Island to Chattanooga, Tennessee.
From Somerville, Alabama, via Gandy Cove,
Wolf Creek, Stout's, and Warner river, to Ely-
ton.
IN MISSISSIPPI.
From Jackson to Pascagoula, in Jackson county.
From Monticello via Benjamin Buster's and
G. H. Sasser's to Smithdale,'m Amite county.
From Westville to Monticello, in Lawrence
county.
From Gallatin via White Oak, Utica, andliall s
Ferry to Warrenton, in Warren county.
From Vicksburg via Hodgson's, Rolling Fork,
Colonel Vick's, H. R. West's, McNutt's, Pax-
ton's, and Verger's to Greenville, in Washington
county. , .
From Canton via Carthage and Philadelphia to
DeKalb, in Kemper county. _
From New Albany via Poplar Springs to Har-
risburg, Pontotoc county.
