XXXIV
From Spring Hill via Salem, Swan's Mills and
Harrison's to Hickory Flat, in the county of
From Salem via Spring Hill, to Berlin in the
State of Tennessee.
From Ripley via Carter s Mills, Dry Run, and
Black Land to Rienzi,in the county of Tishe-
nnngo. m „ 1 •
From I-Iillsboro' via Decatur, Tallapatchie,
Sookalina, Marion, Allamutcha, Gaston, Black
Bluff ferry and Jefferson, to Linden, Marengo
county, Alabama.
From Louisville via Hayne's Mills, to Dariey s
Cross Roads, Lowndes county.
From EastportviaTelegraphic route to Waynes-
boro', Wayne county, Tennessee.
From Canton via Carthage, Edingburg, Jacinto,
Philadelphia, Summerville, and Brooklyn to
Gainsville. . .
From Gainesville to New Orleans, Louisiana.
From Monticello to Westviile.
From Augusta to Enon High School.
From Holmesville via Fordsville to Mobile.
From Carolonton to Aberdeen.
From Kosciusko via Houston to Pontotoc.
IN LOUISIANA.
From Columbia via Salmagundi, Ion and Jones's
ferry to Point Jefferson, in Morehouse parish.
From Greenwood via Cooke's Store, Mooring's
ferry, and Monterey to Boston, in the State of
Texas.
From mouth of Rej3 river via Lewisport, Che-
neyville, Alexandria, Natchitoches, and Mansfield
to Greenwood, in Caddo parish.
From Shreveport to Washington,in Arkansas.
From Cheneyville via Hineston and Anococo
prairie to Burr's ferry, in the parish of Sabine.
From Manny via Pendleton to Milan, in Sabine
county, Texas.
From Pecan Point via Monticello and Point Jef-
ferson to Monroe, in Ouachita parish.
From Charenton to Bayon Chine.
From Grand Coteau via Arnanville to Breaux
bridge, in the parish of St. Martin.
From the mouth of Red river via Burr's ferry
to Huntsville, in Texas.
From Sparta via Salt Springs, Iverson, and
Compte to Grand Ecore.
From Washington, in St. Landry parish, via
Carneston and Isle's and Cole's Settlement, in Cal-
casieu parish, to Iluddleston, in the parish of
Rapides.
From Thibodeau to Lockport.
From mouth of Rod river to Burr's ferry, on
Sabine river.
From Harrisonburg to Natchitoches.
From Harrisonburg to Winnsburg.
From Donalsonville toOpelousas.
From Alexandria to Sabine town, Texas.
IN KENTUCKY.
From Glasgow to Columbia via Sampson Jones's
South Fork of Little Barren river.
From Eminence to Drennon's lake via New
Castle.
Fiom Hazel Green via Swiftsville and Fstell's
steam furnace to Irvine, in Fstell county.
From Boonville via Uock Spring, Grey ITawk,
and Pond creek to London, in the county of Lau-
rel.
From Ilopkinsville via Trenton to Springfield,
Robertson county, Tennessee.
From Madisonville via Daniel Sisk and Day's
store to Princeton.
From Hazel Green via Swiftsville to Proctor,
in Owsley county.
From Elizabcthtown to Samuel Willyard's, in
Hardin county.
From Ehzabethtown to Buena Vista, in Hardin
county, on the Rolling: Fork.
From Warsaw via Sparta to New Liberty, in
Owen county.
From Owenton via Stamperstov/n, Bassett's
Store, Lee's Mills, Beatty's Mills, nnd Griffey's
Office, to Georgetown, in Scott county.
From Versailles to Clifton, on the Kentucky
river.
From Somerset via George W. Stone's, Braw-
neraml Kelley's Store, and Joseph Dibberl's Store
to Williamsburg, in Whitley county.
From Mount Welcome post office via Flat Lick,
&c., to Boston, in Whitley county.
From Boonville to Hazel Green, in Morgan
county.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
From Louisville via Jeffersontown, Fishersville, i
Reed's Store, and Bloomfield, to Chapline,iu Nei- !
son county.
From Somerset to Crab Orchard.
From Maysville to Spnngdale, at the mouth of
Cabin Creek.
From Elizabethtown via Big Spring to Hardms-
burg, Breckenridge county. #
From Brandenburg via Constan tme, Flint island,
Cedar Grove, Union Star, and Stevensport, to
Cloversport, Breckenridge county.
From Owenton via Me.Cormick's Store, Liver-
more and Worthington and South Carrollton to
Greenville, Muhlenburg county.
From Hawkesville via Lewisport to Yeliviue,
Daviess county. .
From Garrettsville via Meadville to Big Spring.
From Bradenburg via Meadville and Hutson-
ville to Litchfield.
From Somerset via Smith's ferry, on the Cum-
berland liver, by the new cut wagon road to
Craig's ferry, thence to Rockhold's, in Whitley
county.
IN TENNESSEE.
From Newport, via George McNabb's, up Cor-
ley's creek to Shoults and Jones's cove to Sevier-
ville, in Sevier county.
From Taylorsville via Laurel Fork of the Hol-
ston and Sharp's Cross Roads to Abingdon, Vir-
ginia.
From Marshall's ferry on the Holston to Hay s
ferry on the French road.
From Sycamore via Elisha Clark's and Brew-
er's to Sneedville, in Hancock county.
From Woodboume via Academia to Strawberry
Plains, Jefferson county.
From Ormes's Store to Washington, in the
county of Rhea.
From Baker's Gap to Dug-ger's ferry, in Carter
county.
From Cleveland via Cohuttah Springs to Eli-
jah, State of Georgia.
From Sylco to Fancy Hill, Murray county,
Georgia.
From Double Springs via Equality, Netherland,
and Mount Granger to Crossvijle, in the county
of Bledsoe.
From Smithville, crossing Mountain creek, to
McMinnville, in the county of Warren.
From Gallatin via Lebanon to Murfreesborough,
in Rutherford county.
From Fayetteville to Tullahoma, in the county
of Coffee.
From Shelbyvilie via Pulaski and Lawrence-
burg to Waynesburg, in the county of Wayne.
From Wood's via Brodie's ferry, Palo Alto,
and Pleasant Exchange to Red Mound.
Fiom Morristown to Dandridge, in the county
of Jefferson.
From Tobacco Port, via Hope and Spottswood
Wilkinson's, to Pine Bluff, in Calloway county,
Kentucky.
From Waverly to Linden, in Perry county.
From Snarta, via Zachariah Anderson's, John
Blearsdale^s, Nine Mde post office, intersecting
the route from Pikeville to Crossville.
From Sparta via Spencer to Chattanooga.
From Chailotteville via Billsburg, Reyan's
Store, Teser's Cross Roads, to Springfield, in Rob-
ertson county.
From Pulaski via Fayetteville and Tullahoma
to McM'r.nville, in Warren county.
From Hermitage via Swallow Bluff, on the Ten-
nessee river, to Savannah, in Hardin county.
From Cheapvalley, m Henry county, via New
London, to Conyersville, m said county.
From Marshall's Ferry to Hay's Ferry.
From Decaturville via Hermitage and Swallow
Bluff to Savannah, in Hardin county.
IN OHIO.
From Kalida via New Bavaria,Napoleon, West
Barre, (or Taft's corner,) Essex, Ohio, Etna,
Lyons, and Baker's Corners to Adrian, Miehi-
gan.
From Lima to St. Johns, in Auglaize county.
From Furdlay via Benton, Webster, Pendleton,
Pleasant, Vaughnville, Gomar, Delphos, and Van-
wert Court-House to Fort Wayne, Indiana.
From Clinton township, Fulton county, to Bry-
an, Williams county.
From Toledo via Bryan and Hecksville, to Fort
Wayne, Indiana.
From Bryan via Amasa Shaffer's, West Buffa-
to, John Luke's, and Spring Lake to Nettle Lake
post office.
From Powhattan via Armstrong's Mills, Bealls-
ville, Cciptma, Pilcher, Jerusalem, to Malaga.
From Bryton to Wadsworth, in Medina county.
Fxoiri PuinesviUe via Bloomfield to West Green-
ville, in Pennsylvania, on the plank road.
From Somerset to Jackson, in the county of
Licking.
From Eaton via Sugar Valley, to West Flor-
ence, in Preble county.
From Xenia via New Jasper, Jamestown, Jef-
fersonville, to Washington, m Fayette county.
From Dayton via Bellbrooke to Spring Valley 7
in Green county.
From Carroiton, via Kossuth, Morges, Mag-
nolia, to Zoar, In Tuscarawas county, and return
viaSummerman's, Scott's Mills, Kossuth, to Car-
roiton.
From Bucyrus via Osceola, Upper Sandusky7
Whartenshurg, to Wiliiamstown.
From Stoner post office via Risdon, Brown's
Comers, via townships of Perry, Bloom, and
Henry, to Woodbury post office, in Wood coun-
ty.
From Mount Gilead via Smith's Mills and
Whetstone to Corsica, in Morrow county.
From Galhon via Corsica, McEwen's Cross
Roads, to Lexington, Richland county.
From Harrisonville to Stephen Aiken's in Vin-
ton county, via Jeremiah Carpenter's, and Wil-
liam Townsend's.
From Canton via North Industry, Sparta, San-
dyville, Zoar, and Canal Dover to New Philadel-
phia, in Tuscarawas county.
From Coolviile via Lottridge, Hull's, Garden
Shade, and Pleasant, to Hibbardsville.
From Coshocton via Simon's Run, Mohawk
Valley, to New Castle, in Coshocton county.
From Canton vm Richville, Navarre, Fcase's
Store post office, Winesburg, and Berlin, to Mil-
lersburg, in Holmes county.
From Port Clinton to Ottawa City, in Ottawa
county.
From Gallipolis via Wilksville and McKinster^s
to Lee, in Athens county.
From Grierville via Dallis and Saint Henry to
Celina, Mercy county.
From Jacksonville via Greenwood post office to
Lomarus post office, Shelby county.
From Gettysburg via Webster to Jacksonville,
Darke county.
From Greenville via Abbottsville,-'Pittsburg, in
Darke county, New Lebanon, to Union, in Mont-
gomery county.
From Elyria via La Porte, Ransonville, Grafton 5
Litchfield, "Chatham, Lodi, Burbank to Wooster?
in Wayne count);'.
From Williamsburg via Sardinia, Fincastle to
Scott post office, Adams county.
From Ripley via R.usselville, Ashridare, Fin-
castle, New Market to Hillsborough, Highland
county.
From Williamsburgvia Mount Horeb, Branons,
Sardinia, and Fincastle to Winchester, in Adams
county.
From Cleveland via Royrdton, Hinckley, Gran-
ger, and Sharon to Wadsworth, in Medinacounty.
From Charilton via South Kirtland post office,
Pleasant Valley, to Euclid in the county of Cuy-
ahoga.
From Ashland via Hayesville, Mahican and
McKay to Londonville, in Ashland county.
From Newton's Falls to Milton, in Mahoning
county, at Price's Mills.
From Warren via Lordstown, North Jackson5
and Ellsworth, to Salem, in Columbiana county.
From Troy via the Turnpike Road to Spring-
field, in Clarke county.
From Poland via East Lewistown to Colum-
biana.
From Greenville via Abbottsville, Arcanum
Pittsburg, New Lebanon, Center, and Clayton, to
Dayton.
From Columbus via Harrisburg, Palestine,
Mount Sterling, Bloomingburg, to Washington
Court-House, Fayette county.
From Austin via Good Hope to Washington
Court-House, in Fayette county.
From Carrollton to Bayard, in Columbiana
county.
From Salinesville via Mechanicsville, Scrogs-
ville, Harlaem, Kilgore, Germano, Hopedale, to
Cadiz, in Plamilton county.
