1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
whole number lost during the year was 318, in ;;
308 vessels under sails; In addition to this, 20
3teamers oy the coast give a loss of 29 persons, j
From these data it appears that nearly 700 out of ;
1,000 persons who have perished in the whole j'
mercantile .marine during the year in question, I!
last theirlives on board steamers—making some
nine or ten to every steamer which was lost, jj
while the whole loss on the coast averaged about !!
one to a vessel. If the proportion of loss upon
the coast had been as great as that upon the inte- ji
nor waters, the amount would have been swelled ;
up to 3,424. '
I state these facts to show the Senate the actual
condition of things. And I ought to add here, that >,
it is stated upon the authority of those who gath- j,
ered these statistics, and, I have no doubt, is very !
well founded, that the year in question does not
come up to the average of years; that it was more '
favorable than the average of years as legards the j;
loss of life. They mention, to illustrate this, the i.
following cases as happening just previous to the ;j
commencement of the year selected, namely: the
steamer Troy, of Buffalo, exploded her boilers, i;
killing 9 persons; the Gr. P. Griffith was burned, ;t
destroying 250 persons; the Anthony Wayne was j;
burned, destroying 65persons;—making :j24 lives
lost within a very short period antecedent to the Ij
commencement of the same year. The estimate '
of the property which I have already stated, bears j
out the hypothesis that this falls below the aver- |
age of years. j
In 1849 the loss upon the western rivers only, ;
is stated at §1,585,400, while the loss upon all the i
western rivers in the year ending .Tune 30, 1851, j
is being less, although we know there ;
was a large aggregate increase in the number of j
steamers and'the value of property of that descrip- i
tion. Favorable as this year is, if it were as- j
sumed as an average of the destruction of life and
property, and applied to the past, it would pre-
sent us with an appalling picture of the calamities
incident to steameis. j
I may add here, for the information of the I
Senate, that I have obtained from time to time, j
through means of information open to all gentle- !
men during the current year, tiie losses which i
have happened, which must, as all know, come !
mamly through the newspaper press; and I have !
the minutes of a series of disasters here which I j
shall not stop to read to the Senate, showing a I
loss since the first of January last by explosions >
of reamers, and the deduction of steamers by j
fire, of 31B persons—to which you may add the ■
number recently destroyed at New Orleans, the
information of which reached us this morning. A
large number, some 50, were destroyed there, and
among them a gentleman of great worth, for whom
I have the very highest respect—a judge of the
courts of Louisiana.
Without dwelling upon these tarry, winch speak
a language too intelligible to be misundeistood,
it is manifestly our dufy to interp.oxe and prevent
this reckless, unnecessary sacrifice of human
beings—I will say nothing of the terrible waste
of property, for that is not a disaster without
remedy—but if remedied, it seems to me Congress
ought to interfere and check, if not. able entirely
to suppress, the inhumanity which prevails.
I wish now to ask the attention of the Senate
for ;a few moments to the causes of disaster. The
first cruise of which I shall speak is lire.
Fires often occur, and have in many instances
been fatal almost beyond example. I will cite two
or three instances to illustiate the necessity of
greater precaution against uch disasteis. In 1K51,
the Gr. P. Griffith took fire when within a short
distance of the shore of Lake Erie, and two-hun-
dred and fifty persons perished. Some year or
two previous, a steamer took fire in sight of the
shore of Lake Michigan, when nearly as many
lives were sacrificed for the want of means to be
carried to the shore. At an earlier day, the Lex-
ington took fire while near the shore of Long
Island, and nearly all the passengers and crew
perished. Of seven hundred and thirty-six ves-
sels destroyed on the western rivers, previous to
1849, one hundred and four were burnt, and during
that year no less than forty-six were burnt. It
would seem from these facts, that fire has proved
itself one of the most fatal enemies ofsteamers. It
is manifest that the exposure to destruction from
this cause is great, especially in vessels "propelled
by high-pressure engines. The occurrence of fire
is much less frequent in low-pressure boats, but!' Third. Negligence or unskillfulness in the use
they are by no means exempt from such a catas- j; of the boilers.
trophe. The new ocean steamer Amazon, one
of "the English West India line, and a vessel of
the first class, costing about half a million of dol- :
iars, recently fell a sacrifice to fire when a Jew
hours out ot port on her first voyage, and a large
number of persons perished.
Believing that tiie state of tilings which exists
demands coirection, the committee have directed
their attention to the subject with a view,.first, to
present the occurrence of fires through careless-
ness or negligence in adopting suitable measures
of pre Si enti'on. Tiie inspectors are required  osat-
Ar'y themselves, that effectual protection is given
to wood and other comoustiDle matters, when ex-
posed to ignition by heat from any cause. The
owners ot vessels carrying passengers are torbid-
den to suspend cotton curtains or curtains alike
combustible, to carry as freight gunpowder, spirits
of turpentine, or any substance winch ignites by
friction; and in case any such article is earned as
stores, it must be contained in a metallic vessel or
vessels—and no certificate is to be granted to a
vessel which does not comply with these provis-
ions. There have been some suggestions of
amendment on this head, and those amendments
may be deemed necessary by the Senate, but I
' ! I ... . ! ^ 1 . A - ..   AM * L ^ rP ll
Under the first of these heads marry proofs have
been furnished of iron wrought into boilers wholly
unstated for'suclf purposes, and not only liable to
give way, but almost certain to do so. Bad mate-
rial is often used in the manufacture, and the iron
fails trom that cause. The material is also imper-
fectly worked, and being heated with mineial in-
stead of charcoal, is not much superior to cast iron j
indeed, cast iron has often been used for boiler
heads. Again; the plates aie rolled too thin for
the size of the boilers, or if packed, are not thor-
oughly united b}' welding.
As a remedy for such of these imperfections as
arise from bad material and the imperfect manu-
facture of iron, the bill provides for the inspection
of all boiler iron, and forbids the working into
boilers any not inspected. The inspectors must
satisfy themselves that the plates which they ap-
prove, are equal in quality to the best kind of iron
made with charcoal, and is at least-one fourth of
an inch thick, for a standard boiler. Our model
boiler is one of forty-two inches diameter, made
of plates one fourth of an inch thick—made of the
best iron.
When the boiler is made and ready for use, an-
other inspection takes place, and the inspector must
snail not stop to comment upon them. The ;! satisfy himself that it is constructed of such ma-
provisions are made as matter of prevention— ' ' ■' 1 " r~" A
to prevent fires arising from careless and negli-
gent conduct on the part of those who manage
vessels.
But fires, neverthtless, whatever the precaution
may be, wili arise—they will happen, and then the
next step is, if they do occur, to provide suitable
teriais as the act requires, and that the'form and
workmanship are satisfactory. This will meet
and obviate the difficulties suggested under the
second head, so far as new boilers are concerned,
when taken in connection with the other provis-
ions in regard to boilers.
But being aware that defects of materials and of
means for then* extinguishment, in <ase fire does jj workmanship may escape the observation of an
; occur, notwithstanding these precautions, the bill I intelligent observer, we have provided for testing
' then provides to require suitable means loi its ex- !' the strength of every boiler, by hydrostatic pres-
! tinguishment—all vessels carrying moie than fifty jj sure, under the regulations contained in the act,
i passengers are to be supplied with three forcing and have, after such trial and examination, author-
; [jumps of six inch caliber, one at least to be pre- (j ized the inspector to rate the highest working
! t,-aied 10 work by steam power, and each to be i| power of the boiler, by the pressure upon the
supplied with a hose, always ready for use. Each ij square inch, in conformity with which they are to
; vessel is also to have ci certain number of fire jj fix the load of each safety-valve, and it is made
[ buckets and axes, in pioportion to its tonnage. j1 penal to increase that pressure under any circuro-
I But we suppose that cases will happen in which '! stances.
the extinguishment of fire will be unsuccessful, or I Under the third head of negligence and unskill-
may be impossible. It then becomes necessary j
to go a step further, and provide for the escape of j
those on board of vessels thus on fire. Our atten- j
tion was drawn to that point, and we have pro- ;
vided m the bill for the escape of the passengers j
and crew, by requiring a certain number of life- ;
boats and life-preservers, to prevent, if possible, j
the recurrence of such frightful disasters every- ,
where, and especially within a few hundred yards
of tiie shore. The inspectors are required to.visit j
vessels arriving and departing, and to see that this ,
part of the act is complied with. If this be done, j
the committee feel great confidence m auspicious !
results. ;
The next matter which came under considera-
tion, was the explosion of boilers, the collapsing ;
of Hues, the buistmgof pipes, &c. This has i
been a prolific theme of speculation among the i
learned and the unlearned, the practical and the j
theoretical. Neveitheless, it lias not been deemed j
expedient to enter into any of the controversies ;
which do or have existed, or to adopt any particu-
!l L-ir theory of the causes of explosion or collapse. j
j' The explosions generally occur in high-pressure [
i' boilers, and the experience and obsenation of!
il navigatois and engineers, as well as the experi- I
;! meuts of the learned, all concur m pointing to cer-
|! tain unmistakable evidence which precedes such j
I1 disasters; and if these proofs of danger are season- ;
j ably noticed, and the progress towards a fatal J
| catastrophe averted, as it may be, it will greatly j
i' diminish, if not put an end to such occurrences. j
jj Most explosions are accompanied bv evidence m- |
j, dicatingan unmistakable cause at work to pro- -
;i duce them; but some causes escape the-closest [
;j observation. These causes may be classed as I
follows: ;
First. The use of unsuitable material for ihe
construction of boilers. The broken fragments of
iron frequently disclose this fact.
fulness in the management of boilers, we have
proofs from all quarters, of negligent, unskillful,
and rash management often producing the saddest
calamities. I will give some examples which show
what is meant by the use of these terms.
If the water in the boiler is permitted to be so
lowered that the metal uncovered about the flue
or other parts of the boiler becomes highly heated,
and while thus weakened by heat receives water
suddenly injected, or thrown upon it by any other
cause, an explosion or collapse is likely to follow,
from the sudden conversion of water into steam.
Many persons of great experience contend that
much the larger portion of explosions and col-
lapses happen from neglect to keep up the water
to a proper and safe height in the boiler. The bill
corrects this negligence, by providing for a con-
stant, certain, and sufficient supply of water at all
times, whether the vessel is in motion or at rest.
It provides that, ordinarily, the water shall be
kept at least four inches above the top of the
flue.
Unskillfulness or imprudence is said to occur in
overloading the safety valves, and thus, by undue
and unsafe pressure, exposing the boilers to ex-
plosion. This occurs whenever there is an attempt
to press a boiler beyond its capacity to sustain
elastic steam. There is reason to believe that per-
sons are employed as engineers who have not the
knowledge and experience which are indispens-
able to the safe management of an engine. Neg-
lect of duty, unskillfulness, and mismanagement
are caused"by the employment of unsuitable per-
sons, and can only be remedied by displacing such
and securing the services of persons who have
^higher and better qualities. The same rule also
:[ applies to pilots, as vessels fire lost through the
!j negligence or incompetence of pilots.
i! The bill provides "for the appointment of all en-
gineers for one year, upon careful and thorough
Second. Thy form of the boiler may be unsuit- ij examination of their characters and qualifications
I able, or the woikmanship unfaithful." The form
; should be such as to secure the greatest strength, '
! sustained by "the best workmanship, and when !
. eitiier or both are faulty, tiie boilers will probably !
j fail |
and none other are to beallowed to serve on ho^rd
steamers. A similar course is to be pursued in
the appointment of pilots upon rivers. Any per-
son desiring to be an engineer or pilot may offer
himself, and raay andergo an examination, and if
