1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
his character and quahficati'onsauthorize it he will
be appointed.
To carry out this system, and to secure the .
selection of competent and f<uthful engineers and i
pilots, two inspectors for each of the collection :
districts named in the act are to he appointed, one '
of whom, to be called the inspector of hulls, is to ■
possess such a practical knowledge as to enable !
turn to judge of the seaworthiness, and is also to >
be acquainted with the uses of steam as a power *
in navigation, so as to be able to perform the du- .
ties assigned to him. The other, to be called the in- \
spector of boilers, is to possess a practical knowl- ;
edge of the manufacture of boilers and the uses
of the machinery employed in steaming, so as to '
be able to jud^e correctly of the character of both. ;
These two are to be associated in their labors of \
inspection, and in the appointment of engineers \
and pilots for the district to which they belong, '
and for any district for which no inspector is ap- i
pointed. The inspectorof boilers is also to be the |
inspector of boiler iron within his district and in j
any district which has no such inspector. j
Inspectors such as the act requires cannot be |
placed in every collection district without a very
great expense, nor are such services required in
the larger portion of the districts. We have en-
deavored so to place the inspectors that steamers
fur the most part, at one or the other end of the
trip, will find a board to perform the service of
inspection, but to meet and provide for exceptions
to this rule the boards, as has been suggested, are
empowered to grant certificates in any district
destitute of inspectors. - In addition to this, we
have provdied for nine supervising inspectors,
who are to itinerate and, among other things, to
visit destitute districts, both for the inspection of
steamers and of boiler iron. These officers are
designed to be persons of higlv practical qualifica-
tions, holding a general supervising power over*
the local boards, and securing not only a faithful,
but a uniform execution of the law.
The inspectors, both general and local, are re-
quired to examine all the machinery and equip-
ments of steamers, and to interpose and cause to
be remedied whatever is imperfect or dangerous in
its character.
If boilers are unfit for use, by reason of pre-
vious wear, or bad material, or bad workmanship,
it is the duty of the inspector to know it and con-
demn such faults.
If the supply of water is inconstant or uncer-
tain, it is his business to correct that dangerous
defect. If he finds the valves have been loaded
beyond the limit assigned, or in any way tan^ered
with, it is his duty to prevent the repetition of such
a violation of law and duty. In shoit, the vigi-
lance of a faithful officer will never sleep, but he
will visit vessels arriving and departing, and com-
pel all concerned to obey the laws made for the
protection of life and property, or to abide the
penalties of disobedience.
Such are the principal provisions in regard to
explosions, collapses, and the bursting of pipes.
Our object is, first, to improve the strength of
boilers hereafter made, by the use of better mate-
rial, better proportions, and more thorough work-
manship. Second, to prevent abuses in the use of
them, arising from rashness, want of skill, negli-
gence, or other causes.
The committee next considered the disasters
arising from collisions, snagging, and sinking.
The disasters from these causes are of very great
misrnitnde, and we have felt it to be our duty to
seek for some plan of mitigation. These catas-
troohes often come from two causes:
1. Unnecessary collisions, by which vessels are
seriously injured or sunk. These happen through
negligence,"carelessness, willful intention, and un-
skillfulness.
If a collision occurs through neglect, want of
skill, or intention, it in the fault of the pilot, and
must b&.covrected by the employment of a person
of higher and better qualities, one who will ob-
serve^and adhere to his duty, and not come in
conflict if it can be avoided.
If a vessel is snagged or sunk from other causes,
the disaster may occur without fault from any
quarter, or it may happen through negk'ct, inat-
tention, or rashness. The number of vessels lust
in this manner is very great, and while many ore
destroyed by inevitable accident, others owe their
fate to incompetent or negligent navigators.
We have applied two remedies for such disas-
ters. First: we have established safe rules for :j
meeting and passing in narrow and unsafe chan- i|
nels, which, if observed, will prevent collisions. <
This ptovision embodies the usages of navigators ,i
on rivers. Second: we have provided for the ex- |
amination and appointment of all pilots upon the !
rivers and lakes, and none are to serve without a ;j
permit. This arrangement carries to that region
what has always been deemed necessary dn the 1
coast, p oof both o! competent skill and good 'i
character. The lives of the traveling public should 'j
be committed to none but steady, sober men, ca- (j
pable and trustworthy. The object of the act is d
to secure the services of such and none others. ,1
Theie is great skill in detecting the proofs that j|
danger is concealed beneath the surface of the |
water. It requiresa quick, experienced, untiring i
eye, that sees every ripple and understands its jl
character. We deem this an essential portion of jl
the system of reform, and alike important to life 'i
and the preservation of property.
I have now done with the statistics which I pro-
posed to l.iy before the Senate, and an account of
the general provisions of the bill. I have a word
or two more, however, to say to the Senate in re-
gard to this subject, and then I shall leave the bill
with them.
This bill has been long under the consideration
of the Committee on Commeice. I have occasion
personally to know that a very extensive corre-
spondence has been carried on with all parts of
the country interested in steam navigation, and
there have been laid before the committee a great
multitude of memorials, doings of chambers of
commerce, of boards of trade, of conventions, of
bodies of engineers; and, to a considerable ex-
tent, of all persons interested, in one form or an-
other, in steamers. They ail come to Congress
to complain of the existing state of things. And
in one thing, 1 believe, they are all, from high to
low, from little to grea?, agreed—that is, that the
present system is erroneous, and needs correction
—that there is a habit, especially upon the west-
ern waters, of carrying steam to a dangerous
height, which ought to be corrected. Among all
the papers which have come to my knowledge,
and among all the persons with whom 1 havecon-
ferred, I believe there is no exception' to this state-
ment. They, one and all, think it expedient that
Congress should take the subject up, and should
reduce the pressure allowed on steamers employed
in that region of country.
You are aware, sir, that a bill was reported at
the last session of Congress containing many of
the provisions which aie contained in this bill. It
was taken up, but was not finally acted upon.
The subject was taken up at an early day in this
session, and the committee eaily ifeported tins bill.
The Senate ordered some five or six hundred ex-
tra copies of the bill to be printed for distribution,
that the country might be informed of its charac-
ter and its contents. I took what pains was in
my power to circulate it, to make it known every-
where, but more especially to make it known in
the regions most interested in it. And if gentle-
men there did not receive copies of the bill, and
were not made acquainted with its contents, I have
only to regret that my efforts failed to bring it to
their notice. But it'has been brought to public ;|
attention there. It has received great attention in j(
that portion of the country. It has been every- '|
where more or less discussed in the press. It has !;
been examined with careful criticism by many
individuals. There has been in this city during jj
the whole winter a number of experienced engi- \
neers looking after the interests of that portion of\\
the country. There are standing behind me now jj
several of those gentlemen of \eiy groat expe-
rience, who have been long engaged in steam navi- j
gation in some capacity or other—some of whom ;•
have grown grey in that service, who are gentle- '.\
men of great intelligence. They come heie, as j
representatives of a large convention, to make ,|
known their wants and their wishes upon this ;
topic. We have sat down around the table; we ;i
have discussed this subject: we have examined it j
day after day; and I am able (which is to me a ^
very great degree of satisfaction) and authoiized to j
announce to the Senate, thai all the gentlemen \vho ^
have come here to look after these^inteiests are (
satisfied with the bill, or will be satisfiedI with it i
when it receives the amendments which I intend "i
to propose before I sit down. It is this chiefiv \\
that I wished to communicate to the Senate. It w
Senators are satisfied that the bill has undergone
this careful criticism by men of veiy laige expe^
rience, by men deeply interested in its provisions,
who say—after examining it in convention, after
examining it in their chambers, after looking it
over and scanning and weighing an 3 considering
all its provisions—that they are -satisfied with it,
it seems to me that they must admit that it is sel-
dom in the power of nny gentleman to produce
before the Senate any more satisfactory evidence
of the character of a bill.
1 did not expect, when the bill was ordered to
bepublished, thatit was perfect. I know enough of
this subject to know that it was a very complicated
one; that it was full of embarrassments. I did
not suppose at that time that the work was com-
plete. I therefore continued, as I received com-
munications from time to time from one source
and another source, sometimes by letters, some-
times by newspapers, sometimes by conference
with individuals, to correct one imperfection after"
another as I went on. After I shall propose the
large number of amendments which I intend to
offer, the fundamental principles of the bill will
remain substantially as they are. I do not say
that some of these amendments, which are made
necessary by facts, the existence of which were
unknown to me at the time of drawing up the bill,
ate very material; but at the same time I con-
sider them indispensable.
With these remarks I will proceed to offer those
: amendments to the bill which have struck my oton
i mind as important, and the most of which, or
many of them, at least, are such as have s;rown
out of the conferences to which I have referred.
There are many that are merely formal which are
designed to carry out more accurately the pro-
visions designed to be put in force. The first
amendment which I propose to offer is to insert
in the second section, after the word " engines,"
the words " appointed under the provisions of this
act," so as to read " that it shall be the duty of
the inspectors of the hulls of steamers and the in-
spectors of boilers and engines, appointed under
the provisions of this act," &c.
This and numerous other amendments were
submitted and adopted to carry out the views and
objects to which the honorable Senator referred
in his speech. Having perfected the bill as far as
he deemed it desirable, amendments were offered
by Mr. Bradbury and other Senators, which will
be embodied in the bill, which is ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GEYER.. I had prepared a number of
amendments which I intended to offer to the bill.
Most of them, however, have been superseded by
those offered by the Senator from Massachusetts,
and agreed to by the Senate. But there are some
which* are still necessary to give the hill effect in
the western waters, which I will submit. The
fiist is to add the following proviso to the fifth
section:
Provided, however, That the inspectors maycranf to any
steamer encased only ni the navigation of livers, a dispen-
sation fmm" the obligation to carry s.ueh life pre-erve «in
ca-^s where the inspector? shall be satisfied that euch
steamers are p:ovided with pub-ntutes theretor sufficientm
number arid projieilv distributed, tor the purpose of saving
life in ca*e of accident. *
Mr. DAVIS. That object is already covered
by one of the amendments which the Senate have
just agreed to.
Mi\ GEYER. I will then withdraw it until
the bill is printed, when I can ascertain that fact.
I offer the following, to come in as an additional
section after section fifth:
JJhA be it further cnacted, That every such vessel car-
rying risers on the niain or lower deck, shall be pro-
vided with sufficient moans convenient to such passengers
for their escape to the upper deck in case of fire or oilier
accident endangering hfe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER. The next amendment which I
propose is to the sixth section of the bill. That
section reads as follows:
"That no curtains made of cotton, or of any material
alike combustible, shall be Mi^pe.ided oi used in any such
vessel cair\ me paWeiiiieif, nor shall powder, oil of turpen-
tine or matenal* \trhi ch ignite by fncuont he carried by any
such vessels as freight, and when kept on board as stores,
tiiey must be placed m metallic vessels."
1 propose to strike out all after the word " pas-
sengers," mid insert—
Except in "tate moras or apartments where no fire or
bnmmir li-litw allowed to tip iw'd ; no loose hemp shall be
catiicl"o,rhoard any such vessel; nor shall baled hemp be
canted on the d>-.ck or guards thereof, unless the bales axe
