THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
XXXV
Prom Carrolkon via Algonquin, Palermo, New
Hagersiown, Franklin, Brownsville, West Ches-
ter, Milnei'sviile, and New Salem, to Cambridge.
From McConnelsville via Hook's Salt Works,
and N. Coburn'sto Frisley's ferry, on the Musk-
ingum.
From New Market via Jackson, Thornvilie,
and Somerset to New Lexington, in Perry county.
From Lucasville via D. W. McJenkins's, James
Scott's, and Galena, <3bc., to Locust Grove, 111
Adams county.
From Bainbridge via Mount Latham to Waver-
ley, Pike county.
From Chillieothe via Yellow Bird, Clarksburg,
to New Holland, in Pickaway county.
From Tupper's Plains via Long Bottom to
Chester, Meigs county.
From Newton's Falls to Milton, in Mahoning
county, at Price's Mills.
From Warren via Lordstown, North Jackson,
and Ellsworth, to Salem, in Columbiana county.
From Troy via the Turnpike Road to Spring-
field, 111 Clark county.
From Poland via East Lewistown to Colum-
biana.
From Marysville via the free turnpike to Rich-
mond, in Union county.
From Marysville via the free turnpike to Dub-
lin, in Franklin county.
From Marysville via the free turnpike to Ken-
ton, in Hardin county.
From Seiclevslle, in Picaway county, to Seists-
ville and Talton, in said county, to Adelphi, 111
R.oss county.
From Lancaster, in Fairfield county, through
Carrol Canal, Winchester, and Grovesport, to
Columbus, in Franklin county.
IN INDIANA.
From Lafayette via Rensselaer and Morocco to
Momence, Illinois.
From Logansport via " the proposed new office"
to Camden, Carroll county.
From Crawfordsville via Independence and Pine
Village to Oxford, Benton county.
From Lafayette via Dayton, Winship's Mills,
Jefferson, and Frankfort, to Miclugantown, m
Clinton county.
From Frankfort via Reese's Mills, Lebanon,
and Jamestown, to Danville, Hendricks county.
From Columbus via Jonesville to Rockford, in
Jackson county.
From M uncieto wn via Jay's Court-H ouse, New
Corydon, to Wilshire, in Van Wert county.
From Albion via Luke N. Clemens's to Swan
post office, in Noble county.
From Monticello to Oxford, in Benton county.
From New Castle via Cadiz, Mechanicsburg,
Hunterville, and New Columbus, to Pendleton, in
Madison county.
From Liberty via Clifton post office, Abingdon,
Centerville, Williamsburg, and Bloomingport, to
Winchester, in Randolph county, by the turnpike.
From Portland Mills, via Parkerville, Bruin's
Cross Roads, to Annapolis, Parke county.
From Greencastle via Grubb's Mills to Portland
Mills.
From Brownstown via Houston to Blooming-
ton, •
• county.
From Hagerstown, Wayne county, viaUnions-
port, to Macksville, Randolph county.
From Winnimac, in Pulaski county, via Meda-
ryviile, to Saltiilo, m Jasper county.
From New Harmony to Maysville, Illinois.
From Kvansville to Bowlin Green, Kentucky,
by the Ohio, Green, and Barren rivers.
IN MISSOURI.
From Hartford to Milan, in Sullivan county.
From Milan via Lewis's Mills and Judge John-
son's Store, to Princeton, in Mercer county.
From Tenton via Edenburg to Gallatin, in Da-
vies 's county.
From Shelbyville to Kirksville, in Adair coun-
ty.
From Lagrange to Monticello, in Lewis county.
From Tally to Monticcllo, in Lewis county.
From Georgetown to Spring1 Garden post of-
fice, in Pettis county.
From St. Joseph via Rochester and Gentryville
to Athens, Gentry county.
From Keytesville to Bee Branch Settlement.
From Jefferson City to Little Rich woods.
From Kansas via Parkville to Platte City, Mon-
roe county.
From Jasper via Alfordville to Mount Pleasant,
in Martin county.
From Bloomfield via Linton to Carlisle, in Sul-
livan county.
From Owensville to Mount Carmel, in Illinois.
From Boonvilie via Crowville and Taylorsville
to Huntingburg, Dubois county.
From Troy to Worth, in Dubois county.
From Gentryville to Ferdinand in Dubois
county.
Prom Laurel via Orange, Steel's groves, Fal-
mouth, and Louisville, to New Castle, in Henry
county.
From New Castle, via Dan Webster, Ashland,
Rogersville, and Luray to Muncietown, Henry
county.
From Indianapolis via Noblesville,Tipton, and
Kokomo to Peru,
From Whitley Court-House via Thorn Creek
to Albian, in Noble county.
From Mornstown via Manilla and Cynthiana
to Middletown, in Shelby county.
From Marion via San Jacinto to Vernon.
From Brownstowie to Rockford, in Jackson
county, on the east side of Driftwood fork of
White river.
From Bedford via Pemhook to Browstown, in
Brown county.
From Crawfordsville, Montgomery county, to
Green Castle ua Lodogo, Carpentersville, and
Bainbridge, in Putnam county.
From Peru, in Miami county, via Santa Fe, to
Bexar, on the Slate Road from Peru to Alexan-
der, in Madison.
From Forsyth, via Big Beaver Creek, to IXarts-
vilie, Wright county.
From Mount Vernon via Dunkle's Store, Ash-
grove to Orleans, in Polk county.
From Fairview to High Point, Johnson coun-
ty.
From Hermitage via Buffalo to Hartsville,
Wright county.
From Little Prairie post office to Crane Creek
post office, in Barry county.
From Troy via Carson King's, Bush Creek Set-
tlement, and Middletown to Mexico, in Udrian
county.
From Warrenton to Middletown, in Montgom-
ery county.
From Hannibal via Shelbyville to Bloomington,
Macon county.
Fiom West Point to Westport, in Jackson
county.
From Port Willinm post office via S. W. Evans's j
Store, Grubbville, Rucker's Prairie to Richmond, j
in Washington county. j
From Houston via Philadelphia to Shelbyville, ;
in Shelby county, being an extension of the route .
from Lagrange to Houston. :
From Shelbyville to Paris, in Monroe county. [
From Brunswick to Bloomington, m Macon i
county.
Fiom Memphis, Scotland county, via Dr. P.
T. Huff's to Bioomfield, Iowa.
From Morristowu to Dandndge, in Jefferson
county. [
From Paris via Shelbyville to Newark, in Knox
county. # _ j
From Bloomington via Vienna to Edina, in J
Knox county. j
From Bethany to Decatur, in Decatur county, |
Iowa. i
From Linneus to Trenton, in Grundy county, j
IN ILLINOIS.
From Bloomington via Westwood, Eureka, and
Metamora to Spring Bay, in the county of Wood-
ford.
From. Jersey ville via Jersey Landing Portage,
Des Sioux to St. Charles, Missouri.
From McLanesboro' to Equality, in Gallatin
county.
From Albion via New Massilon and Enterprise
to Salem, Marion county.
From McLanesboro' to Marion, in the county
of Williamson.
From Benton via McLanesboro', Carmi, Phil-
lipstown to Harmony, Indiana.
" From Metropolis City via Brooklyn to Paducah,
Kentucky.
From Raleigh via H. Garner's, W.N.Michell's,
and Thomas Saunders to Marion in Williamson
county.
From Raleigh to Elizabethtown, in Harden
county, via Bankston, Independence, and Som-
erset.
From Channahan via Kawkakee, Wilmington,
Rockville, and Bournbonaise to Momence, in the
county of Will.
From Chiney's Grove via North Fork post office
to Lafayette, Indiana.
From Riley post office, McHenry county, to
intersect the mail from Belvidere to Genoa, near
the residence of Charles B. Lord.
From Sycamore via Squire Cable's, Coral,
Union, and Belden to Woodstock, in McHenry
county.
From Charleston via Long point to Tentopolis,
in Effingham county.
From Springfield via Shelbyville, Ewington,
Stringtown, Newton, St. Marie, and Lawrence-
ville to Vmcennes, Indiana.
Prom Warsaw to Augusta.
From Chili viaNorthfield and Kossuth to War-
saw.
From Charleston via Gruoll's, Lake Fork, Mon-
ticello, and Mount Pleasant to Bloomington, in
McLean county.
From Jacksonville via Indian Creek, Crows
Point, Rushaway, Petersburg, and Athens toMid-
dleton, in Logan county.
Fiom Peona via Rome, Chillieothe, Henry,
Lone Tree, Arisha, Indiantown, and Princeton to
Peru.
From Carlinsville viaEd\vardsvilie,Collinsville,
and Belleville to St. Louis.
From Springfield via Lick Creek, Waverly, Lo-
cust Spring, Cummmgton, Chesterfield, Brighton,
and Monticello to Alton.
Fiom Jacksonville via Arcadia to Beardstown.
From Golconda via J. R. Potts's to Brooklyn, in
Mflssac county.
From McLanesboro', in Hamilton county, to
Liberty, in White county.
From Keithsluira:, in Mercer county, via Pope
Creek, twenty miles east via Hendersonville to
Knoxville, in Knox county, to inteisect the Peo-
ria and Burlington daily mail line.
From Marshall hy Castlefm to Grandview.
From Shawneetown along the middle road,
known as the Cypress road, to David Keasler's,
in Gallatin county.
From Jersey ville via Jersey Landing and Port-
age Des Sioux to St. Charles, Missouri.
From Hicks's Mills post office, Franklin, De
Kaib county, to Cherry Valley, Winnebago
county.
IN ARKANSAS.
From Washington via Clarksville, Mount Pleas-
ant, Gilmer, Henderson, and Rush to Galveston,
Texas.
From Locust Grove to Lebanon, in Searcy
county.
From Lisbon via Beechland and Calhoun to
Lewisville, Fayette county.
From Wilmington via Hdlsboro', Spearsulle,
and Scottsville tu Homer, Louisiana.
Fiom Fayettevillevia Boon's Grove to Carroll-
ton, in Carroll county.
From Eldorado via Lisbon, Mount Holly,
Beechland post office, Roland Smith's Settlement
to Lewisville, Fayette county.
From Darysaw's, in Jefferson count}', via
White Oak and Powell's Mills to Elba, in Brad-
ley countv.
From Oakland Gro \'e via Brownsville to Desare,
in Piahie county.
From Pine Bluffs via White Oak Bluff to Prince-
ton, m Dallas county.
Fiom Little Rock via the old military road and
Bayou Meter Settlement and Samuel Walker's old
stand to Searcy, in White county.
From Fort Gibson, Cherokee Nation, via Creek
Agency, North Fork, Perryville, and Fort Washi-
ta, to Fort Arbuckle, Western Territory.
From Fort Smith via Choctaw Agency, Perry-
ville, Boggy Depot, and Fort Washita to Preston,
in Texas. .
From Arkadelphia to Hot Springs, in Hot
Springs county.
From Grand ylaize to Searcy.
From Desare to Searcy.
From Fort Smith to Waldron.
From Boonvilie to Fort Smith.
From Fort Smith to Donna Anna, on the Rio
Grande, in connection with the line of military
posts.
