758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
notice certain infringements on the right of that Church
freely to exercise its religion.
I am authored in «aj-i g, that the Vicano perfectly un-
derstands his responsibility to the Government under which
he live* • he knows that he is amenable to the law?, as a
citizen'or indent, in the same manner as any other citi-
zens or resident*. The Vicano, however, should be able
to enjoy the right to exercise the Junctions which the Church
to which he has attached himself lias confbinul upon him,
otherwise that Church is deprived of « the right freely to
exercise its lelision," which right is guarantied by the
Constitution of the United States.
In speaking of the Church, I wish to be understood to
mean those persons, who, entertaining similar religious
sentiments, voluntarily conform themselves to a ceitam
set of opinions, and conform themselves to certain rules.
With that understanding, then, tiie Catholic Chinch in
New Mexico comprehend those persons who conform them-
selves to the worship, and discipline, and government of
that Chinch as it obtains, hcie. Jt is th% piactice of ail the
churches to adopt rule- 01 laws for their own government,
and this necessary practice is not restrained by law. As
an instance, the Episcopal Church confides the caie and
contiol of the church property to the vestries o< the differ-
ent congregations, and there it i<, under the protection ot
the law, not because of any mumeinal law, but because it
if, the law of the Church. In ihc Catholic Church ht ie,a*
well as irv other parts of the United States, the property of
the Church is confided to the care and contiol of the Bi-liop
of the Diocese, as i1- also the discipline, woiship, and gov-
ernment thereof, and by him id subdivided as maybe nc-
cessaiy 03 convenient. This state o{ things prevailsin New
Mexico; the Bishop of Durango, to whose diocese New
Mexico has until recently belonged, confided the paitieuhir
eoutrol here to the Vicario, whom he holds responsible
that that control is judiciously exercised; and the Vicano,
in his turn, has subdivided it among the cuiates of the dif-
ferent parishes, whom he holds icsponsible.
This law, custom, or usage, be the same general or spe-
cial, has been adopted by the Catholic Chmch, and is not
forbidden by law. When u is forlidden, then will the ii«ht
of that Church freely to exercise its ichgion have been in-
fringed. So familiai is the fact to all in the United States,
that no civil authority has a right to interfere in matters of
church discipline ni government, that the assertion of it
must pass for a trite truism. Notwithstanding this, the
following outrages have been perpetrated here in New
Mexico:
The limits of parishes, as they have been arranged under
the authority of the Church, have been altered by civil otn-
cers to suit their ideas of propriety or convenience. Tins
has been done m reference to the parities of tiocouo, Al-
buquerque, Belem, Tonic, ;md peihnps other-*; and if is
believed by the authority oi connivance of Judge Antonio
Jose Oteio.
Since the arnval of the American tioops in this count!y,
a Secretaiy of Territory and acting Governoi ha* sus-
pended, or attempted to suspend, Mi. Juan Felipe Ortiz
from ins ecclesiastic functions a* Vicario ; threatened to
bamsh a priest, who suggested a doubt as to his power to
do so; and finally ordeied that priest to take advantage of
the first opportunity to leave the countiy. This was done
by Mr. Donisiano Vigil.
An alcalde, in the absence of the parish priest, has de-
manded the key  of the church of Tome fiom the Sacris-
tan , opened the church ; taken from it the sacred vest-
ments and consecrated va&cs,and d' hvered them lo Nicholas
Valencia, a non-confoimist and suspended pnest, to cele-
biatea nianiage and mass. This was done by an alcalde
ot Valencia county.
An alcalde has directed Friar Reiugno Cardenas, a non-
eonfoi mist, suspended piie?t, and refugee from justice, to
go to the parish of Tome, and receive, without excuse or
protect from Jo.- c de Jtmjs Haca, the regularly appointed
paiish pnest, the delivery of the chinch ptoperfv, taking an
inventory ot it. This was done by Alcaide Vicente Ami|0,
of Valencia county, and Fnar lienigiio Caidcnas is now
exeicisins hiN foihidden functions in the paush of'Tonio,
from which Padre Haca is excluded.
Two suspended priests are at this moment exercising
ecclesiastical functions in the county of Valencia ; to this
there is no objection. When any members of a church,
lay or ecclesiastical, desire to apostatize, they have the
right to do so, and, if they please, to be the founders of an-
other cieed- In doing this, however, they have no right to
seize upon or oceupv the temples of the cliuich from which
they apostatize. J l'they aie ambitious to be reformers,
they mu-n do as the Protectants did of y oie—duuv o/T from
the Catholics; build temples of then own, and leave the
propeity of that Church wheie they tound it, m tile hands
of the owners, the Catholic Church.
The suspended priests alluded to, Friar Renigno Carde-
nas and Pnest Nicholas Valencia, are now occupying
paushes or temples, from which the civil authority', without
judicial deei-ion, have ouMcd their predecessors. This
matter stands on vciy simple groii.-id I'ndie Otero, at a
certain date, was in posses-ion of the tewiple at lielein.
Padre Baea, at a certain date, was m posses-ion of tiie
parish of Tome, with its dependencies, and without judicial
decisiou on either the light of propeity, oi possession, were
ousted by the civil authonty, and then places filled by non-
conformists, or, which is the same thing, by apostates.
Now. whether the possession of Padres jiaca and Otero
was founded on right or not, nothing can be clearer than
that they should have been permitted to letain that right
until deprived of it by due course o! law .
The ousting of Padres Baea and Oteio, if done under
coloi of law or authority, not having oceri effected by judi-
cial decision, or legislative enactment, must have been
done by executive act--. Of the executive here, you are
the undoubted head; and I therefore request, as an act ot
justice at y our hands, that the Catholic Church be lestored
to the poc«,es-.ion<.>t the property of which she has, without
Jaw, been deprived by executive aets. And inasmuch as
a change ofgovouiment will soon be had here, and because
of the ignorance of the present judiciary, (not one of the
judges having been bred to the law,) to prevent future diffi-
culties, I suggest that the courts be restrained from taking
cognizance of cases involving property of the Church unti*
a new government is legally in operation, or until the
bench of New Mexico is occupied by less ignorant persons.
Should you, sir, deem it proper to make investigations
concerning these matters, I caution you against the Secre-
taiy ot Territory, Mr. Donisiano Vigil.
It is within my knowledge that when Colonel Washington,
desiious of giving relief in one of the cases above cited, offi-
cially diieeted Mr. Vigil to write to Prefccto M anuel Otero to
annul the order of Alcalde Vicente Armijo, and restore Padre
Baca to his original position, that Mi. Vigil did dispatch
such an order; and also3 and u'Uhout authority of Colonel
Washington, an old order of his; which old order, as will
be peiceived by the second note of Prefecto Otero, dated
Octobei 21 j is made the basis of special pleading, which
ha  resulted in Padie Baca's being still excluded, though
the. express object of Colonel Washington was to reinstate
him. J have also to say, that the identical reasoning con-
tained in the second note of Prefecto Otero was used m
conversation with me by Mr. Vigil.
Among the document which J lay before you, I had in-
tended to include the decree of December 24th ot last year,
referied to in one of the papers I lay before you ; but have
not been able to obtain from Mr. Vigil a copy, though I
have made as many as four or five personal applications
for it.
In conclusion I have to say, that all the material facts m
the aoove can be substantiated by affidavits or documents.
Very lespectfully,
K. H. WEIGHTMAN, Attorney.
To Brevet Colonel John Munroe,
Civil and MilitaryGoiernor of New Mexico.
On this complaint, Colonel Munroe took no ac-
tion.
Here are two letters of my own bringing to the
notice of Colonel Muaroe further outrages, togeth-
er with a respectful memorial signed by one hund-
red owneis of a church, declaring that they had
been disturbed in the enjoyment thereof, and hum-
bly requesting that he would examine into the
conduct ot' their oppressor and remove him from
office.
Sabinal, June 18, 1850.
Sir: At the request of the people of this vicinity, I
have drawn up in Spanish a memorial directed to you. Of
this meinoual 1 semi a «.opy iu English.
I was sent for by expiess to Aibuqneique by Don Jo e
Chavis, informing me that he would like me to repan to
i this place with all dispatch, as he feared, unless tiie people
■ w ei« pacified, % lolence might be committed, as the author-
ities were attempting to (oice upon the people, against their
will, Padie Catuenas.
l'adre Caidcnas is the same person who was attempted
; to be t'oiced on the people of Tom*3, winch outrage Colonel
Washington counteinianded, as you will perceive by the
papeis 1 had the honor to lay befoie you. Upon my arn-
i val in Los Lunas, 1 met por.-ons who informed me that
! Judges Houghton and Otero had arrived in that place, and
| that ior the present all was quiet. I remained m Los Lu-
nas, and in the morning discovered thatthe judges, together
with thy piefecto, bad set out on the evening betore for Sabi-
nal, a second time, t therefore hastened on. On my arri-
j val m Helen, I was informed that the people (of Sabinal)
i wuc in a state ot revolution, and that Colonel May wnh
i his company was there, &c. From Belen f galloped to
' tins piaee, but founu the people working in their fields, and
! that Colonel May had neither arnved nor been heaidfrom.
\ The judges had also passed below, ihough the Prefecto
j was still there, justifying the conduct of the alcalde,^and
i thieatening the people with the consequences of their m-
1 suboidinaUon. Colonel May has sincc been heaidfrom,
i and declines mterlemig.
; Since heating from Colonel May, the alcalde has cited,
; thiough the constable, aimed men to be present, to assist
, him in enforcingoidoi, lor which theieis no cause, as ordei
■ prevails, and will pievail, unless he disturbs it. The armed
m<*n have not jet made their appealance, and I presume
1 will not.
J Of one thing I can assnie you—that though determined
i toiesistthe enhance of Padie Cardenas into their church,
! no people who aie so anxious can be more peaceable. J
' agiee with tne people entirely thatthe whole is an elcc-
j noneeimg tuck, to intimidate the people into voting for the
! existing authonties.
i The people heie arc anxious for you yourself to examine
j n,to this matter, and not to delegate the examination to
! either oi the judges, or the prefecto, as they believe that
I the whole originated with them.
| Houghton, who hail been at Otero's- house, and Otero
! arrived, though not in company, on the same day, and Car-
i denas on the day befoie. Oil the arrival of the judges
. operations commenced, and rumors of assassination and
i revolution, in the midst of which I am living, enjoying the
' good things of this life with much relish, and with an abid-
1 mg confidence in the virtue of the people, and none what-
ever in the judges and pretectos.
The Mexicans are h anting rapidly their rights, and in a
few more elections cannot be imposed upon by any pie
tended authonty. Six months ago two judges, a prefecto
and alcalde could have done what they pleased out of
1 Santa IV or Taos ; but Democratic doctrines are very pro-
gicvsive, and much liked by every people who have had an
oppoirunity ot witnessing their opeiation. J have every
j confidence in tiie vntue of the people. The only thing of
which I have any teai is the wholesale frauds, which
[ expeiience has taught me to expect.
j lie so good as. to prc-crve tins letter, aj> I desire to make
1 a copv. Very respectfully > ours,
It. II. WEIGHTMAN.
Colonel John Munroe.
Military and Ciul Governor of New Mexico.
[Tianslation.j
Sabinal, June 18, 1830.
Sir: With much rcspect we desne to represent to your |j
worship that for a long time past we have suffered many
injunes at the hands of the alcalde, Jesus Silva, and that
in the last few days, to wit, on Sunday last the 16th of this
month, he, the alcalde, attempted to force on the people,
against the will of a great majority of the owners ot the
church, the friar Cardenas, that he might perform a mass
in the church.
The pretext of the alcalde for this act is. that the Cnra
Otero, onrregulai cnra, has not performed mass for some
time. The reason why the Cuia Otero has not performed
mass is that this same alcalde, some time since, put him in
the public jail, and for this reason the cura feaistohve
here until this alcalde may be removed from office, or he
can have confidence that his lights will be respected.
The owners of the chuich m all are one hundred and
nineteen. We send a list of' more than one hundred.
We desire to say, that it is our desire to obey the laws, and
deport oui selves as good citizens; hut it is not possible to
subinitourselves with patience to the tyrannical and illegal
conduct of Alcalde Jesus Silva. We desire your worship
to examine yourself into the conduct ot the alcalde.
It is neeessaiy for ui to sav, that tiie alcalde, before his
act of Sunday last, was in company on that same day with
the circuit Judges, Houghton and Otero, and tbatoft.-i wards
thepieiecto arrived here, and has condemned the people
and approved the alcalde.
We desire to say very iespectfully, that it will not bejust
for yotu worship to order either oi the Judges, Houghton or
Otero, or the prefecto to decide upon the conduct of the
alcalde; for we think them equally interested with him ;
and we say toyoui worship, with all respect, that the act
of Sunday last was nothing more than a project to intimi-
date the people, and to obtain votes in the election soon to
take place.
In tine, wp desire to conduct ourselves as good citizens }
but vre do not c ire to be subjected to this alcalde; and for
this reason vre send you this letter, to say that we have
fear of his bad acts, and to petition youi worship to suspend
him until yon can examine into his conduct-
With much respect, &c.
Signed by one hundred of the citizens of Sabinal, owners
of the church.
To the Governor John Munroe.
Sabinal, June 19, 1850.
Sir: Last night I dispatched a cornier fro in this place,
with a petition, signed by more than one hundied persons,
mroimingyou oi the arbitiarv conduct of Jesus Silva, and
praying that he might be suspended from his functions until
you could examine into hi.? conduct, and requesting that
ucithei Judge Houghton nor Judge Otero, or Prefecto llamon
Luna, might be detailed to make the examination as they
were believed to be equally culpable with the alcalde.
I have now to report to you other outrages attempted to
be commuted. This evening, while in company with Pedro
Tones, Jos^ Armijo, and another, before the house of the
fiist, there arnved the constable of Belen, with two other
persons, with a document, (of which 1 send you an exact
copy.) directing said constabic to go to the house of Jos£
Armijo, and seek of lnm a list of persons who, in company
with him, had embarrassed the arvangeiaents or disposition-
al the alcalde. It is stated in this document that this list
was understood by report, to be in possession of said Ar-
mijo. This is supposed to be the same list which was last
night forwaided to you The eon-tahle was further directed
to°take the bodies of Jose Armijo and oi all the persons
mentioned in the list, and hung them before the honorable
Prciecto llamon Luna, to-mouow at sumiso, there to have
their offense examined into. To-morrow, I beg you to
notice, is the day of the election, and the persons whose
names are signed to the list, all to a man art; opjiosed to the
e.xi-ting civil authorities. The capture of so many people
it was doubtless supposed would have the effect of intimi-
dating the people, between this point and Los Lanao, besides
having the effect of dcpiiving the captuted of tne light of
voting.
This citation being illegal from beginning to end, I advised
Don Jo^e Armijo, not to notice it. The people here are
much frightened, and have offered to pay me to stay and
defend them. Still these are the people who at e represented
as being in a state of revolution. They expect, and wnh
good cause, to be harassed with fines and impiisonmcnt
by the authonties.
The people up to this time, have not committed a single
illegal act; but if they are harassed still further, it is possi-
ble that thrwu-xh ignoianee they may err. It is because of
tins feai thaf they desire me to remain with and advise
them. They desire to maintain their rights, butnot to break
the law . If a wrong has been committed, then is the whole
population, with not more than fifteen exceptions, implica-
ted. A simple remedy for the existing evils, I take the
liberty of suggesting; it is this: lor you to dnectthe author-
ities here to indict, before the grand juiy, all the culpable ;
and, in the interim, not to trouble them more concerning
tins matter. The investigation will then be conducted by
the pjoseeutor of the Temtory, and then if the people have
odunded, they will then be punished and not annoyed by-
petty' molestations. I have to say, moreover, that it is of
the "utmost impoitance, to examine into the conduct of the
alcaide. I have further to say, what I have before laid be-
tore you, that very few of the civil authorities are capable
or desiious, of examining dispassionately into the conduct
of others of their numbei; as they are, as 1 have had the
honor of stating to you, banded together for mutual protec-
tion in their iniquities. The prefecto of the county of
Hernallilio is particulaily objectionable; indeed, I know of
but one prefecto, whose character I am acquainted with,
whom I consider competent to the task, and he is the pie-
feeto of San Miguel, Mr. Grolmari—with this gentleman I
have no personal acquaintance, and his political views are
opposed to mine, but he has the chaiacter of an upright,
honorable, and sensible man.
As I mentioned in my communication of last night, that
the cause ot the difficulty here is, that the alcalde attempted
to open the church that Friar Cardenas, a suspended priest,
might perfoim therein a mass. To this step of the alcalde
more than one hundred, of the hundred and twenty owners
ol the church, objected, signing a paper to this effect: " We
