1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1671
aJarra occasioned by the'presence of gunpowder
which causes a great deal of the loss of life.
It is said that inconvenience would result to the
merchants from requiring that boats carrying these
dangerous articles should carry no passengers,but
that inconvenience is nothing in proportion to the
enormous risk incuned in putting gunpowder and
such articles on board every passenger boat.
Mr. WELLER.. There has not been on the
Western waters that distinction drawn between
passenger boats and freight boats that is drawn
at the East. All of the steam vessels which are
engaged on those waters in the transportation of
passengers, likewise carry freight. For myself, I
cannot see, as the Senator from Texas has said,
the necessity of these amendments, with regard to
the carriage of gunpowder. I do not now recol-
lect a single instance where a boat has been de-
stroyed upon the Western waters by carrying gun-
powder. All of those melancholy accidents which
have occurred upon the Western waters,—and
they are far too numerous,—have not resulted from
the transportation of gunpowder. As the Senator
from Texas has well remarked, more lives have
been lost by the terror that is produced by the
alarm that there is gunpowder on board the ves-
sel, than by gunpowder itself. The Senator from
Missouri, perhaps, can tell me some instances, if
any have occurred upon the Western waters,
where lives have been lost in consequence of there
being gunpowder on board the vessel—I mean
directly.
Mr. GEYER. I do not know of any.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know of any.
Mr. RUSK. I would mention the case of the
Lioness.
Mr. WELLER. There may have been instan-
ces of this sort; but, in my judgment, the evil has
not existed to such an extent as to authorize the
numerous amendments which the Senator from
Missouri has proposed to this bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] has suggested, and broughtto my rec-
ollectiifh, one example of the destruction of life
by the explosion of gunpowder on board a boat.
He states that the Hon. Mr. Johnson, of Louisi-
ana, formerly a member of this bodyy was killed
by an explosion in that way, on Red river.
Mr. RUSK. The steamboat Lioness was blown
up on Red river, in consequence of having gun-
powder on board.
Mr. GEYER. I apprehend that the honorable
Senator from California is mistaken in regard to
the object of the amendments which 1 have had the
honor to submit. The bill, as it originally stood,
prohibited, under heavy penalties, any gunpowder
from being carried. The amendments I have sub-
mitted are designed to permit its carriage on cer-
tain conditions: that is, where the boats are pro-
vided with metallic safes, in which it may be
stored.
In reply to the Senator from California, I may
be permitted to remark, that these amendments
were laid upon the table, perhaps some four or six
weeks ago. Some were submitted before that time
by me. Most of those which I then informally
submitted have been incorporated into the amend-
ments made on the motion of the honorable Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. I will state the design
of the amendment which is now pending. The
twenty-sixth section of the bill directs that the in-
spector's certificate be placed in some conspicuous
place in the vessel. This proposition is to amend
that section, by providing that the license for car-
rying these combustible materials shall also be
placed and kept in a conspicuous place in the ves-
sel, so that every person who goes on board a ves-
sel will know that there must be exposed the cer-
tificate under which she is authorized to navigate
at all; and that, if she is authorized to carry gun-
powder, that license must also be there. As it is
designed to be kept there, a penalty is fixed for
not keeping it there at all times when the vessehs
receiving passengers, and they are on board. The
object of this is to prevent parties from evading
the law, by putting up the certificate, and then
taking it down, and thus concealing it from the
passengers.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER I offer the following, to come
in as additional sections after the 26th section:
Sec. — Jind be U further enacted, That every inspector
who nhill certify falsely touching any such vessel propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and carrying passengers, her
hull, accommodations, boilers, engines, machinery, or their
appurtenances, or any of her equipments, or any matter
or thing contained in any certificate signed and sworq to
by him, shall, on conviction thereof, be punished by a line
not exceeding dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding
 , or both.
Sec.'—. -And. be it further enacted, That if any such
vessel carrying passengers shall be navigated without a
certificate, a  required by this act for that purpose, or
having such certificate, shall not at all tinier duun& the con-
tinuance thereof have her hull, accommodations, boilers,
engines, machmeiy, and their appurtenances, and all
equipments, in all things conformable to audi certificate,
the master or commander by whom bhe shall be so navi-
gated, shall be punished by fine not exceeding dol-
;s lars, or iinpi imminent not exceeding , or both : Pro-
I tided, That such master 01 commander s hall not be liable
!; for loss or deficiency occasioned by the dangers of naviga- !
!| tion, it such loss or deficiency shall be supplied as soon as I
11 practicable. \
I The amendment was agreed to.
!' Mr. GEYER. I propose the following, to come
j' in at the end of the bill:
II Sec. —. Jind, be it further enacted, That the district in-
j! spectors appointed under the provisions ol this act, shall,
j; within their respective districts, under the direction of the
h Secretary of the Treasury, take the examination, or receive
j: the statements in wilting, o i persons ot practical knowledge
'J and experience in the navigation of •>tCiim-veaiels,the con-
s' struct ion and u<e of boilers, engine*-, machinery, and equip-
ment?, touching the form, material, and construction of en-
gine-* and their appurtenances; the causes of the explOMOii
of boilers, and collapse of flues, and the mean* of pieven-
tion ; the kind and description *f satety-valves, vvat«>r and
steam-gauges or indicators; equipment-* tor the extinguish-
ment of fires, and for the preseivauon of life in cd^e of ac-
cident, on boaid of such vessels, and all other means m use
or pioper to be adopted, lor the better security of the lives
of persons on board vessels propelled m whole or m pait by
s-teani; the advantages and disadvantage-* of the different
de^ciiptions of boilers, engines and their appurtenances,
safety-valves, water and steam gauges orindicators, equip-
ments for the prevention or extinguishment of liies, and the
prcsei vatiou o{ life in case of accident, muse cm hoaid such
vessels; whether anv, and what further legislation is neces-
sary oi proper tor the better security ot the lives of persons
on boaid such steam-ve sels; which examination and state-
ments so taken and received, shall be transmitted to the
Secretary of the Tieasuiy, at such time as he shall pie-
I \ scube.
;] Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That it shall be the
I j duty of the Secretaiy of the Tieasury to cau->e such intet-
jj rogatories to be prepared and published, as in his opinion
may be proper to elicit the information contemplated by ihc
! i preceding section, and upon the receipt of the examination
l! and statements taken by the inspectors, shall report the
|! same to Congress, together witn the recommendation of
j: such further provisions as he may deem proper to be made
■ j for the better secunty of the lives of persons or. board steaiu-
ij vessels.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to amend the ninth
section of the bill, by inserting after the words
" forfeit," the words "amount of the passage
money and." As the bill now stands, it provides a
! forfeiture of ten dollars for each passenger taken
' on board steamers beyond the number authorized
■ by the certificate. This will not be, I think, an ad-
; equate penalty to prevent the abuse 011 long voy-
ages, and it therefore becomes essential in the case
| where there has been the greatest abuse, the carry-
j ing of passengers to California, that a further pen-
; alty* should be provided; and by inserting the
i words which I propose as an amendment, the
remedy would be made more perfect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
! and the question was stated to he, "Will the Senate
concur in the amendments made in Committee of
I the Whole?
Mr. CHASE. I hope that the amendments will
I be printed, and that the bill will be postponed
1 until to-morrow. I make that motion.
I Mr. DAVIS. I wish to say that I shall accede
* to that motion. 'There have been so many amend-
! ments made, that if gentlemen desire to have them
printed,! have no objection provided we can get
it done. But I am somewhat afraid that we can-
i not have them printed by to-morrow morning.
' Let us, however, make an effort to get them ready;
( and if they are ready, I hope we shall then take
1 up the bill and dispose of it. I do not want it to
; be hanging here for any length of time, hence I
shall be veiy glad to have that course taken, I
■ would like to have it understood that the bill is to
i be the order of the day for to-morrow as the un-
, finished business.
Mr. BRIGHT. I believe that the motion is,
that the bill as amended shall be printed. X hat is
. what I desire. I desire to have the bill biought
I to us just as it will read with the ^amendments
iJ which have been adopted to-day. We can then
! i take it up to-morrow, section by section, for the
purpose of making any changes that may be neces-
sary. I think it very probable that the amend-
ments which have been made to-day are valuable.
I have no doubt of it, as the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts has given the subject a great
deal of attention. But I have no doubt that he
will find much of the bill, as it is, that ought to be
stricken out. Perhaps there may be further
amendments to be added; but if the bill is to be
brought to us printed as amended, we can take it
up to-morrow and dispose of it without much de-
bate.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no idea of doing it in any
other way, except reprinting the bill with the
amendments inserted.
Mr. CHASE. That is my motion.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, f beg leave to call the
attention of the Senator from Massachusetts to
one poition of the bill. I find that the fourth sec-
! tion of the bill, as printed, provides that there
j shall be a metallic, life-boat for each vessel, t( ca-
j 'pable of sustaining, inside and outside, fifty per-
I ' sons, and having a canvas fender around the
! {gunwale, filled with cork, of not less than six
' inches in diameter." I wish to call the attention
; of the Senator from Massachusetts to this fact: An
' amendment was suggested, I think by Mr. Henn,
; of the House of Representatives, to the Senator, in
the room of the Committee on Commerce, when
! myself and my colleague were present. He sug-
j gested the use of the words, " vulcanized India
rubber float," so that it would read, "capable of
sustaining, inside and outside, fifty persons, and
I having a vulcanized India rubber float around the
| gunwale;" and instead of "filled with cork," the
words "inflated with air." My purpose is not
to offer an amendment, but to call the attention of
the Senator from Massachusetts' to the subject.
He is my mentor in this matter, and I take this
occasion to return, as a Western man and a rep-
j reseritative from that section of country, my thanks
' to him for the labor and attention which he has
bestowed on this subject. He has taken a very
; deep interest in it. It is one worthy of his indus-
; try. I think the country owes him very much for
, the attention and care which he has bestowed upon
: the subject.
i Mr. DA YIS. The Senator from Iowa has very
! properly called my attention to that point; but if
; he had attended the progress of the amendments,
! as they were made, lie would have seen that all
that portion of the clause which he has read,
> which requires a cork fender, has been stricken
: out of the bill. £\or do I propose to put in what
he suggests. My reason, in the first place, for
striking out the piovision for a cork fender was,
that it might compel us to take a patented float, to
the expense of which I do not wish to subject the
owners of steamboats. My objection to inserting
the provision for a vulcanized India rubber fender
!; of which he speaks, is precisely the same. That
! is a patented article. 1 therefore leave the ques-
tion open to the inspectors, simply requiring a
| metallic life-boat, leaving them to decide whether
I there are proper floats upon it, or whether any
floats are necessary.
I would here remark that I have most convin-
: cing proof in my possession that the metallic life-
| boat is, of all boats, the best boat that ever was
put afloat. I have ceitificates from the command-
ers of the Collins line, the commanders of the
, steamers between New York and Charleston, and
from a great, many sources to that effect. When
I bring to the knowledge of the Senate one single
1 fact in reaard to these boats, testified to by the
commander of the steamer Northerner, I think it
will be seen how important they are. He states,
m his communication to me, that when that steam-
er was put into the business, she had some three
j or four wooden boats, together with one metallic
( life-boat. His statement is, that the wooden boats
have long since disappeared, and that the metallic
i boat has been in constant use, answering all ex-
' pectation, and, as far as he can see, is as good at
this day as when she was put into the water. If
i exposed to the sun she will not leak. Now, I
t never yet saw a wooden boat that would not leak
, if her bottom was exposed to the sun. The ad-
' vantages, in my opinion, are such, that the mo-
! ment "the public become acquainted with the me-
; tallic boat they will take it, out of cconomy and
j from choice. But I do not wish to force them to
■ take a patented article. I therefore leave them to
1 take the cork float, the vulcanized float, or any
