XXXV111
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the Post Office Department of the Province,
State, or country whose privilege is to be thereby
annulled.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That every
mail, of any Province, State, or country having
the privilege authorized to be granted in and by
the next preceding section, shall, while in the ter-
ritories of the United States, be deemed and taken
to be a mail of the United States, so far as to make
any violation therefor, any depredation thereon,
or any act or offense in respect thereto, or any
part thereof, which would be punishable under the
existing laws of the United States, in case the same
had been a mail or part of a mail of the United
States, an offense of the same grade, and punish-
able in the same manner, and to the same extent,
as though the said mails were those of the United
States; and in any indictment for such act or of-
fense, the said mails or any part thereof may be
alleged to be, and on the trial of any such indict-
ment they shall be, deemed and held to be mails
or parts of mails of the United States.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Post-
master General shall be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to provide and furnish to all postmasters and
other persons applying and paying therefor suit-
able letter envelopes, with such water marks or
other guards against counterfeits as he may deem
expedient, and with one or more suitable postage
stamps, with such device and of such denomina-
tion and value as he may direct, printed or im-
pressed thereon, which envelopes shall be sold at
the cost of procuring and furnishing the same, as
near as may be, with the addition of the value or
denomination of the postage stamps so printed or
impressed thereon or attached thereto as aforesaid;
and letters, when inclosed in such envelope, with
postage stamps printed or impressed thereon, (the
postage stamp or stamps in every such case being
of the value, denomination,oramount required to
prepay the postage which would be chargeable on
such letters and envelopes if sent by mail to the
place of their destination under the provisions of
the laws then in force, and such stamps and en-
velopes not having been before used,) shall pass
in the mails as prepaid letters; and all letters in- .
closed in such envelopes as shall be provided and
furnished by the Postmaster General, as first in
this section prescribed, and with postage stamps
thereon as aforesaid, (and such postage stamps
on such envelopes being equal in value and amount
to the rates of postage to which such letters would
be liable if sent by mail; and such postage stamps
and envelopes not having been before used,) may
be sent, conveyed, and delivered otherwise than
by post or mail, notwithstanding any prohibition
thereof under any existing law; Provided, That
the said envelope shall be duly sealed, or other-
wise firmly and securely closed, so that such letter
cannot be taken therefrom without teaiing or de-
stroying such envelope; and the same duly diiect-
ed and addressed, and the date of such letter, or
the receipt or transmission thereof, to be written
or stamped or otherwise appear on such envelope.
Sue. 9. And be it further enacted. That the Audit-
or ot the i'reasury for the Post Office Department,
may, under such regulations and restrictions as
the Postmaster General shall prescribe, allow to
every postmaster, whose office was not established
until after the first day of July, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty, or whose commissions, in con-
sequence of the increase of labor and business at
his office, shall have equaled or exceeded the com-
missions allowed at such office for the year ending
on the thirtieth day of June, one thousand eight
hundred and fifty-one, such compensation, in ad-
dition to his legal commissions, as will, in the
judgment of such Auditor, make the compensation
of such postmaster equal, as near as may be, to
the compensation of other postmasters in the same
section of the country whose labors are the same
as his, and who are entitled to an additional allow-
ance under the sixth section of the act entitled
"An act to reduce and modify the rates of postage
in the United States, and for other purposes,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, and under orders of the Postmaster General,
made m pursuance of the provisions of said sixth
section of the act aforesaid.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all fines
and penalties imposed for any violation of any
law relating to the Post Office Department shall",
when collected or recovered, be paid into the
Treasury to the credit of the United States for the
use of the Post Office Department, excepting,
however, such part thereof as may by law belong
to the party informing or prosecuting for the
same.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Postmaster General to issue
proposals and contract for the transportation of a
daily mail between Louisville and Cairo, St. Louis
and Cairo, Cairo and Memphis, and Memphis
and New Orleans, and to supply such intermediate
points as he may order from time to time on suit-
able and safe steamboats.
Ai-proved, August 31, 1852.
Public, LXII.—An Act to amend an act entitled
"An Act to provide for the Better Security cf the
Lives of Passengers on board of Vessels propelled in
whole or in part by Steam, and for other purposes."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That no license, register, or enrollment,
under the provisions of this or the act to which
this is an amendment shall be granted, or other
papers issued, by any collector to any vessel pro- j
pelied in whole or in part by steam, and carrying
passengers, until he shall have satisfactoiy evi-
dence that all the provisions of this act have been
fully complied with; and if any such vessel shall
be navigated, with passengers on board, without
complying with the terms of this act, the owners
thereof and the vessel itself shall be subject to the
penalties contained in the second section of the act
to which this is an amendment.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be
the duty of the inspectors of the hulls of steamers,
and the inspectors of boilers and engines, appoint-
ed under the provisions of this act, to examine and
see that suitable and safe provisions are made
throughout such vessels to guard against loss or
dangerfrom fire; and no license or other papers on
any application shall be granted if the provisions
of this act for preventing fires are not complied
with, or if any combustible material liable to take
fire from heated iron, or any other heat generated
on board of such vessels in and about the boilers,
pipes, or machinery, shall be placed at less than
eighteen inches distant from such heated metal
or other substance likely to cause ignition, unless
a column of air or water intervenes between such
heated surfaceand any wood or other combustible
material so exposed, sufficient at all times and
under all circumstances to prevent ignition; and
further, when wood is so exposed to ignition, as an
additional preventive, it shall be shielded by some
incombustible material in such manner as to leave
the air to circulate freely between such material
and the wood; Provided, however, That when the
structure of such steamers is such, or the arrange-
ment of the boilers or machinery is such that the
requirements aforesaid cannot without serious in-
convenience 01- sacrifice be complied with, inspect-
ors may vary therefrom if, in their judgment, it
can be done with safety.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That every
vessel so propelled by steam, and carrying passen-
gers, shall have not less than three double-acting
forcing pumps, with chamber at least four inches
in diameter, two to be worked by hand and one
by steam, if steam can be employed, otherwise by
hand; one whereof shall be placed near the stern 
one near the stem and one amidship; each having
a suitable well-fitted hose, of at least two thirds
the length of the vessel, kept at all times in perfect
order, and ready for immediate use; each of which
pumps shall also be supplied with water by a pipe
connected therewith, and passing through the side
of the vessel so low as to be at all times in the
water when she is afloat: Provided, That in steam-
ers not exceeding two hundred tons measurement,
two of said pumps may be dispensed with, and
in steamers of over two hundred tons, and not
exceeding five hundred tons measurement, one of
said pumps may be dispensed with.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every
such vessel carrying passengers shall have at least
two good and suitable boats supplied with oars,
in good condition at all times for service, one of
which boats shall be a life-boat made of metal,
fire-proof, and in all respects a good, substantial,
safe sea-boat, capable of sustaining, inside and
outside, fifty persons, with life-lines attached to
the gunwale, at suitable distances. And every
such vessel of more than five hundred tons, and
not exceeding eight hundred tons measurement,
shall have three life-boats; and every such vessel
of more than eight hundred tons and not exceeding
fifteen hundred tons measurement, shall have four
life-boats; and every such vessel of more than fif-
teen hundred tons measurement, shall have six
life-boats; all of which life-boats shall be well fur-
nished with oars and other necessary apparatus:
Provided, however, The inspectors are hereby au-
thorized to exempt steamers navigating rivers only
from the obligation to carry the life-boat herein
provided for, more than one, the same being of
suitable dimensions, made of metal, and furnished
with all necessary apparatus for use and safety;
such steamers having other suitable provisions for
the preservation of life m case of tire or other
disaster.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That every
such vessel carrying passengers shall also be pro-
vided with a good life-preserver made of suitable
material, and float well adapted to the purpose, for
each and every passenger, which life-preservers
and floats shall always be Icept in convenient and
accessible places in such vessel and in readiness
for the use of the passengers; and every such ves-
sel shall also keep twenty-five buckets and fife
axes; and there shall be kept on board every such
vessel exceeding five hundred tons measurement,
Duckets and axes after the rate of their tonnage,
as follows: On every vessel of six hundred tons
measurement, five backets and one ax; for each
one hundred tons measurement, decreasing this
proportion as the tonnage of the vessel increases,
so that any such vessel of thirty-five hundred tons,
and all such vessels exceeding the same, shall not
be required to keep but three buckets for each one
hundred tons of measurement, and but one ax for
every five buckets.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That every
such vessel carrying passengers on the main or
lower deck shall be provided with sufficient means
convenient to such passengers for their escape to
the upper deck in case of fire or other accident en-
dangering life.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That no loose
hemp shall be carried on board any such vessel;
nor shall baled hemp be carried on the deck or
guards thereof, unless the bales are compactly
pressed and well covered with bagging or a sim-
ilar fabric; nor shall gunpowder, oilof turpentine,
oil of vitriol, camphene, or other explosive burning
fluids or materials which ignite by friction, be
carried on boai d any such vessel as freight, except
in cases of special license for that purpose, as here-
inafter provided; and all such articles kept on
board as stores shall be secured in metallic ves-
sels. And every person who shall knowingly
violate any of the provisions of this section shall
pay a penalty of one hundred dollars for each of-
fense, to be recovered by action of debt in any
court of competent jurisdiction.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That hereafter
alt gunpowder, oil of turpentine, oil of vitriol,
camphene, or other explosive burning fluids, and
materials which ignite by friction, when packed
or put up for shipment on board of any such ves-
sel, shall be securely packed or put up separately
from each other and from all other articles; and
the package, box, cask, or vessel containing the
same, shall be distinctly marked on the outside
with the name or description of the articles con-
tained therein. And every person who shall pack
or put up, or cause to be packed or put up for
shipment on board of any such vessel, any gun-
powder, oil of turpentine, oil of vitriol, camphene,
or other explosive burning fluids, or materials
which ignite by friction, otherwise than as afore-
said, or shall ship the same, unless packed and
marked as aforesaid, on board of any steam-vessel
carrying passengers, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and punished by a fine not exceed-
ing one thousand dollars, or imprisonment not
exceeding eighteen months, or both.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That instead
of the existing provisions of law for the inspection
of steamers and their equipment, and instead of
the present system of pilotage of such vessels, and
the present mode of employing engineers on board
the same, the following regulations shall be ob-
served, to wit: The collector or other chief officer
of the customs, together with the supervising in
spector for the district, and the judge of the district
court of the United States for the district in each
of the following collection districts, namely, New
