M>72
THE CONGRESSIONAL libOBE.
July 7,
other float they see fit, the inspectors having ample
power over the subject.
The motion of A^fr. Chase was agreed to.
And then, on motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 7, 1852.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
By the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MAIL ROUTES.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of joint resolution No. 9, es-
tablishing certain mail routes. The pending ques-
tion is a motion to recommit the resolution.
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted to withdraw from the;
files of the House the petition and papers of Ann
Marie Baldwin.
Mr. OLDS. I withdraw the motion submitted
by me yesterday to recommit joint resolution
Nri. 9.
The SPEAKER. The question then recurs
upon me amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] to insert after the
word " roads," m the fourth line, the words, " or
public highways."
Mr. STUART. Yesterday it was stated it
would be necessary to add another amendment to
this resolution, in order to obviate the necessity
for advertising, which now exists under the law;
otherwise it might, perhaps wmld, be necessary
for the Postmaster General to advertise for mad
serviceon every public highway within the United
States. I have drawn up an amendment, which 1
propose to offer at the proper time. It provides
that, "hereafter the Postmaster General shall not
* advertise for mail service on any new post road,
4 unless in his opinion the service shall be neces-
4 sary and proper."
I think, with the amendments I have now pro-
posed , and the one I intend to submit, every feas-
ible objection to the proposition u ill be answered.
Mr. SWART. I hope, Mr. Speaker, this
amendment will not be adopted. I view the pro-
posed change as a very grave matter; and 1 trust
the House;on the spur of the moment, will not
concur in it. I understand the proposed amend-
ment to give the power to the Postmaster General
to establish mail routes and to contract for mail
service on all the highways within the United
States. Now, I ask gentlemen to look at the
present power of the Postmaster General. He
has now the power to establish offices everywhere,
great and small. He has also the power to put
service on roads everywhere where the law has
declared them to be mail routes. Wei!, that
power is now enormous. It is greater than that
in the possession of the head of any other Depart-
ment. The Postmaster General has the power to
appoint twenty thousand postmasters, and to or-
der service on all the routes now declared routes
by law: and that power, I think, is sufficient for
the head of any one of the Departments under the
Government.
A Voice. He has also the power to establish
post offices.
Mr. SMART. And also, as I have already re-
marked, he has the power of establishing post
offices. Why, sir, I hear theargument advanced
in support of the amendment, that it will be con-
venient—that it is inconvenient for Congress to
legislate on this subject.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to ask
the gentleman the question, by way of informa-
tion, whether the law, as it now stands, does not
authorize the Postmaster General.to establish new
routes where the old ones would not defray ex-
penses?
Mr. SMART. I understand what are called
special routes maybe established by the Post-
master General. But, as I was  ning on to say,
this argument that it is inoouvenient'to legislate,
may apply to the head of every other Department.
Why, the gentleman might as we'd propose to in-
vest the Secretary of the Treasury with the power
to lay taxes to relieve this body of the onerous
labor of enacting a tariff. He might as well pro-
pose to invest the Secretary ot War with the
power to declare war. He might as well propose
to invest the Secretary of the Navy with the pow-
er to provide for the Navy. That would be very
! convenient, but not very salutary to the country.
| 1 say, then, this is a grave and important ques-
( tion—the sunendenng of the \eiy last vestige of
| power which Congress has over this matter of
i post offices and post roads. The Constitution of
| the United States has conferred the power on Con-
1 giess to establish mail routes; and 1 insist we
! snouid not delegate it to a single rran. The Ex-
j ecutive power of this Government is already enor-
j mous; and, for one, I intend, while I have the
| honor of a seat upon tl)is floor, always to raise my
j voice against throwing any more power from the
I Legislatives the ExecutiveDepartmentoftheGov-
1 ernnient. I repeat, this is a grave matter; and I
trust this Congiess will not surrender thelast hold
it has on the control of this tremendous branch of
the Government. ,
Mr. STUART. I confess myself, sir, not a
little surprised at the alarm which has taken bold
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Smart,] and
I am as much surprised at the position he takes
. as at the entire want of his facts to sustain it.
; Congiess, under the Constitution, has the power
| to establish post offices and post roads. That is
; all. Now, can any gentleman raise in this House
I a proposition to take" back the power which Con-
| gress has concerted upon the Postmaster General
to establish post offices? Would we think it a
conservative measure to withdraw that power
now, to exercise it by Congress to legislate to
establish every post office in the United State*?
And yet, sir, here is the provision—"to establish
post oftii es and post roads." Has this authority,
since it iias been delegated to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, been abused to any great extent? Is there
"any gentleman here that can point out the in-
stances m which this power has been abused ? or
has itopenfted with entire convenience and most
1 properly ? 1 ask gentlemen to say which in their ;
opinion would bethe best depository of this power
for the public interests, to have our post offices ,
established in the United States by Congress, or >
to have them established by the Postmaster Gen- 1
eral? How would the power be best exercised?;
I apprehend there can be but one response to the j
inqu.ry. I wish to state the amendment I have j
proposed for adoption, because there seems to be i
a studious effort on the part of the opponents of j
the amendment to pervert its language, and then '
to argue upon that perversion. They say it con- |
j fers upon the Postmaster General the entire au- ;
thority to establish post offices and post roads, j
Not at all. The amendment itself establishes
post roads on every public highway within the i
United States. It leaves no discretion in the •
Postmaster General whatever; but it simply de- [
clares every public highway in the United States !
to be a post road. What then, sir? Why, the '
present law requires that the Postmaster General 1
shall advertise for service on every post road j
;■ established by Congress. j
Then 1 propose an additional amendment, de- '
; daring that he shall not ndvei use for mail sei vice
, upon any new post road unless, in his opinion, it
1 is necessary and proper. Now, I ask again, Mr.
Speaker, and call the attention of gentlemen of
this House to the question, Which "is the safest :
, depository of this discretion, the Congress of the :
United States to say where mail services shall be i
' placed, or the Postmaster General? If Congress !
( is applied to, the application is made about thus:'
I How does the Committee on the Post Office and
| Post Roads operate? Why they employ a clerk,
: and they direct him to di aft into a bill e\ery single '
! application made, without exception. Can they .
do ir any better ? Can they exercise that discre-
tion any safer? Certainly not, sir! Suppose the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
should undertake to determine the necessity of es- '
tablisiiing a new post road, what evidence will ■
they have before them ? Nothing but the petition, j
What evidence can they get before them ? ■!
Mr. FOWLER. Witii the gentleman's per- j
mission I will make a remark. The gentleman is j
not entiiely coirect in stating the course of pro- i1
recdiru: with this business in the Committee on the !
Post Office and Post Roads. Every one of these i
petitions are distributed among the members of ii
the committee first. It is the duty of the member lj
having one to consider it, and to make inquiries 1
of the member representing the country through h
which the road is proposed to pass, and others ■
as the case may be, before he reports to the whole 'i
committee in favor, or otherwise, of the road pro- il
posed. It is not in the hands of the clerk, but in
the hands of some one member of the committee,
who reports thereupon to the whole committee,
and they concur or nonconcur in the report.
Mr. STUART. 1 know what the gentle-man
from Massachusetts has just stated to be true; but
I submit, Mr. Speaker, to thatgentleman whether
or not what 1 said was not substantially correct?
A member of Congress receives a petition for a new
post road. He refers it to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Ronds. Jt is there referred
to a sub-committee consisting of one of its mem-
bers. That member inquires—wheie? Why,he
inquires of the very member that introduced the
petition, and that is the best information he can
get. That member says it is necessary to estab-
lish the route, and it is done. And as I said on
yesterday, I now venture to repeat, that in the last
quarter of a century, there has not been an appli-
cation denied—not one. If there were to be an
essential change there might he some ground for
argument such as the gentleman from Maine
[Mr.'Smart] adduces here; but is not the put-
ting of service on the mail routes now given
to the Postmaster General? Congress estab-
lishes the routes; but when the routes are es-
tablished , he exercises his discretion whether he
will put on the service or not. lfthe bid is not
such as to fall within the probable receipts from
the post offices, or pretty near it, he will not es-
tablish service of any grade. If a two-horse coach
service be asked foi ,and the receipts will not prob-
ably sustain more than a horseback mail route,
he will put on the horseback mail route. The
whole thing is within his discretion and under his
judgment, and this does not propose to change it
one particle. It does not take from the House
one single power they now possess, to transfer it
to the Postmaster General It simply does this?
It stops the necessity of future legislation to de-
termine what shall be post roads, and nothing else.
Now, I submit when these applications are
never denied; when they are never the subject of
inquiry here; when the whole post route bill, of
whatever dimension in length the committee may
find it necessary to make it, is passed through
this House without division every session; when
nobody will look into it except to see whether his
road is in; when no one contests the routes—
whether this enormous labor shall, year after year,
be repeated for fear that the Postmaster General
will put the service on a route somewhere where
that service ought not to be. Now, has it ever
been done? Can a gentleman rise in this House
and say mail service is enormously and improp-
ly put upon a mail rouH^ Has any gentleman's
experience ever ascertained any occasion of this
sort? I confess, Mr. Speaker, 1 have never heaid
of it. I conceive this alarm in regard to the en-
croachments of the power of the Executive offi-
cers on the duties of Congress is an alarm which
seems to me without the slightest foundation. If
1 oeheved any such consequences as those indi-
cated by the gentleman fiom Kentucky [Mr Mar-
shall] on yesteiday, and the gentleman fiom
Maine [Mr. Smart] to-day, were to follow the
placing of these two orthiee roads in this bill, I
would be among the first to oppose it.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, notifying the House of the passage by that
body of certain bills, and requesting their concur-
rence therein.)
Mr. STUART resumed. I said, if I supposed
any such consequences were to follow from this
amendment as indicated by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] and the gentleman
fromMdine, [Mr. Smart,] I would he among the
first to oppose it. I would be as tenacious as any
other gentleman in clothing Executive officers
with discretionary power. But from the best ex-
amination which I have heen enabled to give this
subject, I can see no evil growing out of it. We
have seen none of it yet. This discretion has
been held for years—I know not how long; but
it has ever been properly exercised. There can
be no instance indicated where the power has
been impropeily exercised; and if it has not been,
it is the best evidence in the world that it never
will be. I would much rather trust the discre-
tionofany Postmaster General for putting mail
service upon a route, with the present imperative
law upon him to advertise every one of them,
than to trust to the mode in which Congress
