762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
jeetionable as a graft upon a single bill. The
Senator who introduced it doubtless assumed that
other bills, already introduced, would pass; but,
if his amendment be founded on this assumption,
it should await the action of Congress on ail these
bills.
3. If adopted, the amendment would endanger,
if it did not occasion the defeat of, the Iowa land
bill. This seems certain. Having this measure
at heart, believing it founded in essential justice,
I am unwilling to place it in this jeopardy.
4. It prepares the way for States of this Union
to become landholders in other States, subject of
course to the legislation of those States—an expe-
dient which, though not strictly objectionable on
grounds of law, or under the Constitution, is not
agreeable to our national policy. It should not
be promoted without strong and special reasons
therefor. In the bill introduced by the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] bestowing lands for
the benefit of the insane in different States, this
objection has been partially obviated, by providing
that the States in which there were no public
lands should select their portion in the Territories
of the United States, and not in other States. But,
since in a short time these very Territories may
become States, this objection is rather adjourned
than entirely removed.
5. But the lands held under this amendment,
though in the hands of States, will be liable to tax-
ation, as the lands of other non-resident proprie-
tors, and on this account will be comparatively
valueless. For this reason I said that the amend-
ment held out the attraction of seeming, though
unsubstantial, self-interest. That the lands will
be liable to taxation cannot be doubted. The
amendment does not propose in any way to relieve
them from this burden; nor am I aware that they
can be relieved from it. The existing immunity is
only so long as they belong to the United States.
Now, there is reason to believe that, from lack of
agencies and other means familiar to the United
States, the lands distributed by this amendment
would not find as prompt a market as those still
in the hands of the Great Landholder. But how-
soever this may be, it is entirely clear, from the
recorded experience of the national domain, that
these lands, if sold at the minimum price of the
public lands, and only as rapidly as those of the
United States, and if meanwhile they are subject
to the same burdens as the lands of other non-resi-
dents, will, before the sales are closed, be eaten up
by the taxes. The taxes will amount to more
than the entire receipts from the sales of the lands;
and thus the errant, while unjust to the land States
will be worthless to the old States, the pretended
beneficiaries. In the Roman law an insolvent in-
heritance was known by an expressive phrase as
damnosa kereditas. A grant under this amend-
ment would he damnosa donatio.
For these good and sufficient reasons, I am op-
posed to this amendment.
Mr. BELL. To test the sense of the Senate on
a question suggested by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts, I offer an amendment to the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky, to come in as a
proviso at the end of the first section of it, as fol-
lows:
Providedy That the lands to be selected for the States
und'-r the provisions of this section, «ha)l not be located
within the lumtf of any State, hut slmll be selected within
the tomtom*:- organized, or to be hereaftei oigamzed, east
of the Rocky Mountains.
I do not mean to occupy the attention of the
Senate on this subject. 1 have listened to the ar-
guments of honorable Senators who have opposed
this amendment of the Senator from Kentucky,
with great attention; and it seems to me that there
was more plausibility in the objection urged by
the Senator from Massachusetts, (and which is
obviated by this amendment of mme,) than in any
of the objections which have been made. I say
that it is only a plausible objection; for really,
when you come to look at the subject in a legal
and constitutional point of \iew, there can be very
little difference whether States or individuals are
the proprietors of lands within the States—con-
sidering that our States are not foreign to each
other: for, although this is not a consolidated
government, yet, in many respects, they are the
same great Shite. The privileges of a citizen of
one State are equally privileges" of citizens of all
the other States. There is no prohibition of free
intercourse of trade or holding property between
any of the States. Nevertheless, it is an objec-
tion which can be perverted, because it will tend ,
to make the subject more understood, and will |
create a greater amount of prejudice against such i
a proposition, than any other objection which ;
could be urged. It can raise the old cry of foreign j
sovereignties—States becoming proprietors, land- j
holders, within the sovereign jurisdiction of other j
States. Without saying anything more, I ask j
that the question be taken on this amendment to j
the amendment, in order that these selections may i
be confined—if theamendment of the Senator from j
Kentucky should be adopted—to lands within the j
territories, and not within the limits of any organ- j
ized State of the Union.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed j
to. !
The question recurred on the amendment as j
amended.
Mr. RHETT. I am not going to debate this i
question; but, as I am the only Senator present j
from the State I represent, I propose to state, in a j
very few words, why I cannot support either the j
amendment or the bill. I cannot support the '
amendment, hecause it is a clear and distinct as- j
sertion of the right of the Government to aid in
enabling States to carry on internal improvements. !
It is an appropriation, therefore, of lands, and, !
consequently of money, to carry on works of in- >
ternal improvement. This power is not granted !
by the Constitution to Congress, either in the ap- |
propriation of money or lands. It is contrary to i
the whole course I have pursued since I have been
a public man.
The same objection, it appears tome, applies
also to the bill itself. It is very true that in the
operation of the bill it would appear that the
remark of my friend from Iowa [Mr. Dodge]
was correct. It does speak of alternate sections
for six miles on each side of the road. That
being the case, according to his argument, and ;
according to the argument of Mr. Calhoun, it i
would be no loss to the Government, inasmuch as
every other alternate section is appreciated and j
doubled in price to the Government by the bill. ;
If this appreciation of alternate sections takes i
place, I admit that the principle stated by Mr. j
Calhoun covers the bill. But this bill does not !
stop there; and I think the real practical part of ,
the bill does not begin there. The real operation
of the bill is in the ulterior part, providing that j
beyond the six miles lands may be located for fif- |
teen miles further; and within these fifteen miles, j
they are not to take lands by alternate sections,
and there is to be no appreciation of sections, but
they may take them in one body aggregately.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. They are to take lands
fifteen miles in all, and not fifteen miles beyond
j the six miles.
I Mr. RHETT. Well, then, nine miles beyond
i the six miles they are to take lands, and they are
| not then to take them alternately, but may take
i them aggregately. Undoubtedly they will select
all the best portions of the lands in aggregate
I masses. Pursuing their own interests, they would
I be acting foolishly if they did not do so. What,
, then, becomes of the alternate-section principle,
j by which the improvement of a part is made to
j inure to the benefit of the whole ? They will take
; the better portions, and leave the refuse lands, that
| we have no right to suppose will realize any ad-
I vantage to the Government. This portion of the
| bill seems to me to go entirely beyond the original
| bills passed by the Senate formerly, when Mr.
Calhoun was a member of this body. Then, the
lands that were granted were entirely waste and
wild lands. But these railroads, I undeistand,
will go through lands in the West, where there
1 are not any alternate sections which are not taken,
but where the greater portion of the land on ea^h
side of the road has been taken. This very pro-
vision, allowing the land to be taken in large
masses beyond the six miles, places it pretty much
on the same footing with the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky. Therefore the objection
that applies to the amendment, applies also, m
my judgment, to the original bill. They are both
of them in this form, as I have said, bills appro-
priating lands as a substitute for money by this
Government for internal improvements m the
States. I have been, and I believe ever will be,
unalterably opposed to an appropriation for in-
ternal improvements in the States, either of money
from the public Treasury, or of lands from the
public domain.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I think the
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Rhett] is in
error as to the construction of this bill. 1 under-
stand this to have been, in the respect to which he
refers, a copy of the bill which passed at the last
Congress for the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
and Illinois. The construction which has been
given to that bill, not only by its friends upon this
floor and in the other House of Congress, but by
the Departments in its execution, has been that the
lands, not only within the six miles, but also out-
side of the six miles, and within the fifteen miles,
were to be selected in alternate sections. That
question has been before the Departments, under
that law, within the last fesv weeks, and was so
decided with reference to the selection of lands by
the three States to which 1 have referred.
Mr. WALKER. That is the fair construction.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It having therefore received
that construction, which is in my opinion the correct
construction according to the intent and meaning
of the friends of the measure here and in the other
House at the time it passed, of couisethis bill will
receive the same construction when it shall become
the law of the land and the Departments shall be
called upon to execute it. And receiving that con-
struction, these lands will be selected in alternate
sections to the extent that they go on each side of
the road, even up to the limit of fifteen miles.
That I apprehend obviates the objection which
has been urged by the Senator from South Caro-
lina. In regard to his remark with reference to the
policy of Mr. Calhoun, I can only say that the
speech of that distinguished Senator from South
Carolina, now no more, was made in support of
the Illinois bill, of which this is a copy. There-
fore, I regard the speech of Mr. Calhoun as hav-
ing indorsed not only the principles but the details
of the bill now pending before the Senate. I re-
member well the language of the distinguished
Senator from South Carolinaat that time. When
it was urged that the Illinois grant was too much,
that the road was too long, that it required too
large a quantity of land, his reply was, that the
principle being right, the policy being correct, the
longer the road the greater would be the advantage
which would result to the United States from it.
It was with reference to this policy that that speech
was made. Of course it is fresh in my mind, be-
cause being here at the time and feeling an interest
in the bill on which he was speaking, it nude a
deep and abiding impression on me. 1 thought
that he was correct then; and if correct then, I
think the policy is right now when applied to a dif-
ferent road from that on which he spoke, the prin-
ciples and the details of the bill being the same, so
far as they occur to me at this time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I do not recollect that,
in the former discussions on this subject, theatten-
tion of the Senate was ever brought minutely to
the selection of the lands beyond the six miles
provided for in these several bills. I do not rec-
ollect that the attention of the Senate has ever
been, until this session, brought to the considera-
tion of the selection of the lands on the outside of
the six miles in reference to the price. That is
what I want to have understood. I do not intend
now to discuss anything, for I am as much tired
of the subject as any gentleman can be, and I am
tired even of hearing myself talk. I have talked
enough on the subject; but I want to make my
statement, and then, after making a motion, I will
take my seat.
1 wish to state that I do not recollect that Mr.
Calhoun, or any other Senator, in discussions
which have taken place in former Congresses upon
this subject, ever called the attention of the body
to the question of the increased price outside of the
six miles next the line of the road. Sir, it is a
fact that there is no increase provided for by these
bills upon any land beyond the six miles. The
increase of price is limited to the lands within the
six miles; and if there be no land within that dis-
tance from which to make the selection, the effect
of the.bills is a donation, a complete donation, of
so muchjpad outside of the six miles, which the
States gerwithout any equivalent at all. I have
voted for these bills heretofore upon the principle
of internal improvements, for all that—knowing
it, feeling it, and willing to go it. But I want
things understood. I want the Senate and the
country to know, when we vote for these bills,
that that is the effect of them—that the lands on
the outside of the six miles are given as so much
