THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xli
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That in order
to carry this act fully into execution, the President
of the United States shall, with the advice of the
Senate, appoint nine supervising inspectors, who
shall be selected for their knowledge, skill, and ex-
perience in the uses of steam for navigation, and
who are competent judges not only of the charac-
ter of vessels, but of all parts of the machinery
employed in steaming, who shall assemble together
at such places as they may agree upon once in
each year at least, for joint consultation and the
establishment of rules and regulations for their
own conduct and that of the several boards of in-
spectors within the districts, and also to assign to
each of the said nine inspectors the limits of terri-
tory within which he shall perform his duties.
And the said supervising inspectors shall each be
paid for his services after the rate of fifteen hun-
dred dollars a year, and in addition thereto his
actual reasonable traveling expenses incurred in
the necessary performance of his duty when away
from the principal poit m his district, and certified
and sworn to by him under such instructions as
shall be given by the Secretary of the Treasury,
who is hereby authorized to pay such salaries,
and also such traveling expenses, and the actual
reasonable expenses (both to them and other in-
spectors) of transporting from place to place the
instruments used in inspections, which expenses
shall be proved to his satisfaction.
Sf.c. 19. Jhid be it further enacted, That the su-
pervising inspectors shall watch over all parts of
the territory assigned them, shall visit, confer with,
and examine into the doings of the several boards
of inspectors, and shall, whenever they think it
expedient, visit such vessels licensed, and examine
into theircondifion, for the purpose of ascertaining
whether the provisions of this act have been ob-
served and complied with, both by the board of
inspectors and the master and owners; and it shall
be the duty of all masters, engineers, and pilots
of such vessels, to answer all reasonable inquiries
and to give all the information in their power in
regard to any such vessel so visited, and her ma-
chinery for steaming, and the manner of managing
both.
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a supervising inspector ascertains to his satis-
faction that the master, engineer, pilot, or owners
of any such vessel fail to perform the duties ac-
cording to the provisions of this act, he shall re-
port the facts in writing to the board in the district
where the vessel belongs, and, if need be, cause
the negligent or offending parties to be prosecuted;
and if he has g-ood reason to believe there has been,
through negligence, or from any other cause, a
failure of the board who inspected the vessel to do
its duty, he shall report the facts in writing to the
Secretary of the Treasury, who shall cause imme-
diate investigation into the truth of the complaint,
and if he deems the cause sufficient shall remove
the delinquent.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of such supervising inspectors to see
that the said several boards within their respective
collection districts execute their duties faithfully,
promptly, and, as far as possible, uniformly, in
all places, by following out the provisions of this
act, according to the true intent and meaning there-
of; and they shall, as far as practicable by their
established rules, harmonize differences of opinion
when they exist in different boards.
Sec. 22. And be it further enacted, That the said
supervising inspectors shall also visit collection
districts in which there are no boards of inspect-
ors, if there be any, where steamers are owned
or employed, and each one shall have full power
to inspect any such steamer or boilers of each
steamer in any such district, or in any other dis-
trict where, from distance or other cause, it is in-
convenient to resort to the local board, and to
grant certificates of approval according to the pro-
visions of this act, and to do and perform in such
districts all the duties imposed upon boards in the
districts where they exist: Provided, That no su-
pervising or other inspector shall be deemed com-
petent to inspect in any case where he is directly
or indirectly personally interested, or is associated
in business with any person who is so interested,
but in all such cases the duty shall be performed
by disinterested inspectors, and inspection made
in violation of this rule shall be void and of no
effect.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of each of the collectors, or other
chief officer of the customs for the districts afore-
said, except San Francisco, to make known with-
out delay to the collectors of all the said districts,
except San Francisco, the names of all persons
licensed as engineers or pilots for such vessels,
and the names of all persons from whom upon
application licenses have been withheld, and the
names of all whose licenses have been revoked or
suspended, and also the names of all such vessels
which neglect or refuse to make such repairs as
may be ordered under the provisions of this act,
and the names of all for which hoense has been
on application refused.
Sec 24. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the collectors, or other chief officers
of the customs, and of the inspectors aforesaid,
within the said several districts, to enforce the pro-
visions of law against all such steamers arriving
and departing;; and upon proof that any collector
or other chief officer of the customs, or inspector,
has negligently oi intentionally omitted his duty
in this particular, such delinquent shull be removed
from office, and shall also be subject to a penalty
of one hundred dollars for each offense, to besued
for in an action of debt before any court of com-
petent jurisdiction.
Sec. 25. And be it fulther enacted, That the col-
lector or other chief officer of the customs shall re-
tain on file all original certificates of the inspectors
required by this act to be delivered to him, and
shall give to the master or owner of the vessel
therein named two certified copies theieof—one of
which shall be placed by such master or owner in
some conspicuous place in the vessel, where it will
be most likely to be observed by passengers and
others, and there kept at all times; the other shall
be retained by such master or owner as evidence of
the authority thereby confeired; and if any person
shall receive or carry any passenger on board any
such steamer not having a certified copy of the
certificate of approval as required by this act,
placed and kept as aforesaid, or who shall receive
or cairy any gunpowder, oil of turpentine, oil of
vitriol, camphene, or other explosive burning
fluids, or materials which ignite by friction, as
freight on board any steamer carrying passengers,
not having a certificate authorizing the same, and
a certified copy thereof placed and kept as afore-
said, or who shallstow or carry any of said articles
at a place or in a manner not authorized by such
certificate, shall forfeit and pay for each offense,
one hundred dollars, to be recovered by action of
debt in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Sr.c. 26. And be it further cnackd, That every
inspector who shall willfully certify falsely touch-
ing any such vessel propelled in whole or m part
by steam, and carrying passengers, her hull, ac-
commodations, boilers, engines, machinery, or
their appurtenances, or any of her equipments, or
any matter or thing contained in any certificate
signed or sworn to by him, shall, on conviction
thereof, be punished by fine not exceeding five
hundred dollars, or imprisonment not exceeding
six months, or both.
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That if any
such vessel carrying passengeis, having a license
and certificate as required by this act, shall bp navi-
gated without having her hull, accommodations,
boilers, engines, machinery, and their appurtenan-
ces, and all equipments in all things confoimable
to such certificate, the master or commander by
whom she shall be so navigated, having knowledge
of such defect, shall be punished by fine not ex-
ceeding one hundred dollars, or imprisonment not
exceeding two months, or both: Provided, That
such master or commander shall not be liable for
loss or deficiency occasioned by the dangers of
navigation, if such loss or deficiency shall be sup-
plied as soon as practicable.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That on any
such steamers navigating livers only, when from
darkness, fog, or other cause the pilot on watch
shall be of opinion that the navigation is unsafe,
or from accident to or derangement of the machin-
ery of the boat, the engineer on watch shall be of
the opinion that the further navigation of the ves-
sel is unsafe, the vessel shall be brought to anchor
or moored as soon as it prudently can be done:
Provided, That if the person in command shall,
after being so admonished by either of such offi-
cers, elect to pursue such voyage, he shall do
the same; but in such case both heand the owners
of such steamer shall be answerable for all dam-
ages which shall arise to the peison of any pas-
senger and his baggage from said causes in so
pursuing the voyage, and no degree of care or
diligence shall in such case be held to justify or
excuse the person in command or said owners.
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the supervising inspectois to estab-
lish such rules and regulations to be observed by
all such vessels in passing each other as they shall
from time to time deem necessary for safety, two
primed copies of which rules and regulations,
signed by said inspectors, shall be furnished to
each of such vessels, and shall at all times be kept
up in conspicuous places on such vessels, which
rules shall be observed both night and day. Should
any pilot, engineer, or master of any such vessel,
neglect or willfully refuse to observe the fore-
going regulations, any delinquent so neglecting or
refusing shall he liable to a penalty of thirty dol-
lars, and to all damage done to any passenger in
his person or baggage by such neglect or refusal;
and no such vessel shall he justified in coming into
collision with another if it can be avoided.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any damage is sustained by arty passenger or
his baggage, from explosion, fire,collision, or other
cause, the master and the owner of such vessel or
either of them, and the vessel, shall be liable to each
and every person so injured, to the full amount of
damage, if it happens through any neglect to com-
ply with the provisions of law herein pi escribed,
oi tlnough known defects or imperfections of the
steaming apparatus, or of the hull; and any person
sustaining loss or injury through the carelessness,
negligence, or willful misconduct of an engineer
or pilot, or their neglect or refusal to obey the pro-
visions of law herein presciibed as to navigating
such steamers, may sue such engineer or pilot,
and recover damages for any such injury caused
as aforesaid by any such engineer or pilot.
Sec. 31 And be it further enacted, That before
issuing the annual license to any such steamer, (he
collector or other chief officer of the customs for
the port or district shall demand and receive from
the owner or owners of the steamer, as a compen-
sation for the inspections and examinations made
for the year, the following sums, in addition to the
fees for issuing enrollment and licenses, now al-
lowed by law, according to the tonnage of the ves-
sel, to wit: for each vessel of a thousand tons and
over, thirty-five dollars; for each of five hundred
tons and over, but less than one thousand tons,
thirty dollars; and for each under five hundred tons
and over one hundred and twenty-five tons, twen-
ty-five dollars; and for each under one hundred
and twenty-five Ions, twenty dollars, at the time
of obtaining registry, and once in each year there-
after, pay, accoiding to the rate of tonnage before
mentioned, the sum of money herein fixed. And
each engineer and pilot licensed as herein pro\ided
shall | ay lor the first certificate granted by any
inspector or inspectors the sum of five dollars, and
for each subsequent ceitificate one dollar, to such
inspector or inspectois, to be accounted for and
paid over to the collector or other chief officer of
the customs, and the sums derived from all the
sources above specified shall be quarterly accounted
for and paid over to the United States in the same
manner as other revenue.
Sec. 32. And be it further enacted, That each
inspector shall keep an accurate account of every
such steamer boarded byhim during theyear, and
of all hisofficial acts and doings, which in the form
of a report he shall communicate to the collector,
or other chief officer of the customs, on the first
davs of May and November, in each year.
Sf.c. 33. And be U further enacted, That the in-
spectors in the following districts shall each be
allowed annually the following compensation, to
be paid under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, in the manner officers of the revenue are
paid, to wit:
For the district of Portland, in Maine, three
hundred dollars.
For the district of Boston and Charlestown, in
Massachusetts, eight hundred dollars.
For the district of New London, in Connecticut,
three hundred dollars.
For the district of New York, two thousand dol-
lars.
For the district of Philadelphia, m Pennsylvania,
one thousand dollars.
For the district of Baltimore, in Maryland, one
thousand dollars.
