1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
ought more properly to go to the Committee on
Military Affairs, as the matters contained in it
are connected with the military service of the coun-
try, and are more properly under the jurisdiction
of that committee. I hope my colleague will not
object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion.
It was so ordered.
VI. A communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting copies of letters respecting
a claim for repaying a portion of the streets around
the Mint at New Orleans.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, re-
ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. ' '
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers; which were '
ordered, and Messrs. Hart and Chandler were j
appointed; and the question being put, the tellers
reported—ayes 82, noes not counted. ;
So the rules were suspended,and the House re- •
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on 1
the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart in the chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL. j
The CHAIRMAN. The business before the |
committee is the consideration of the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 207, " to Supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1852."
The hour having arrived for closing the general
debate, according to the rule, the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] chairman of the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I regret that
1 am under the necessity—or that I feel myself
so—of occupying any portion of the time of this
committee to the delay, even for an hour, of the
action of the House upon the amendments now
before us, which it is of the utmost importance
should be acted upon without delay——
Mr. SACKETT. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is, that the gentleman from Al-
abama, the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means, occupied the hour to which he was
entitled, under the rule, upon this bill when it was
in the House before, and that, under the rules, he
has no right to another hour upon the amend-
ments.  
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that .
the Senate having attached to this bill certain ■
amendments, which have been considered by the
Committee on Ways and Means, and reported
back through their chairman, the chairman is en-
titled to an hour, under the rules, upon those j
amendments. j
Mr. SACKETT. Under the advice of those .
who are more experienced than myself upon this j
subject, I am induced to take an appeal from that ;
decision. It is a question of some consequence [
whether, every time a bill  i
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to debate i
the appeal. , ;
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for tellers on the
appeal. I think it is very clear that no one has j
any right to speak for more than five minutes. j
Mr. BURT. I believe, and I desire to know
from the Chair if I am correct, that the only mat-
ters before the committee now are the amendments
of the Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. That is so.
Mr. BURT. Then those are the only matters
which can be discussed?
The CHAIRMAN. Those are the only ques-
tions pending.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from IN ew
York [Mr. Sackett] raisesaquestion oforder,that
the o-entleman from Alabama, the chairman of the
Committee on ^VVays and Means, is not entitled
to an hour to speak under the rule. The Chair
overrules the point of order. From that decision
the gentleman from New York takes an appeal;
and on the appeal tellers are demanded.
Tellers were then ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether, since this bill was last before the
House, it has been committed to the Committee
on Ways and Means, and a new report upon it
has been made by that committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands that
the amendments attached to the bill by the Senate
were referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, who have reported them back, with a re-
port in favor of some of them, and against others.
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I ask for the lead-
ing of the rule in reference to this subject.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
" 134. No member shall occupy more than one hour m
debate on any question in the House, or in committee; but
a member reporting the measure under consideration from
a committee may open and clos>c the debate."
Messrs. Fowler and Dean were appointed
tellers.
And the question being put, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the !
committee?" it was decided in the affirmative— ;
ayes 89, noes not counted. ;
So the decision of the Chair was sustained. !
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 regret this interruption, 1
because I regret that there is a disposition on the
part of any of my fellow-members not to hear any
suggestions that i might be disposed to make in
connection with the very interesting and very lm- :
portant subject that is before us for legislation.
Mr. MOREHEAD. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say, that those of us who voted in favor
of the appeal aid it with no feeling of discourtesy
or unkindness towards him, or because of any
indisposition to hear him speak, but we did it
upon a construction of the rules of order.
Mr. HOUSTON then addressed the committee
an hour in opposition to the appropriation for the
Collins line of steamers. [His remarks will be
found in the Appendix.]
The Clerk then reported the first amendment
proposed by the Senate, as follows:
{k Section 3, page 2: After line21 insert—For completing
the floating dry-dock at San Fianeisco, California, author-
ized by act ot 3dMaieh, 1851, $360,000; and said dock may
be used for the purpose of repairing merchant ships, when
not in use by the Government, in such manner, tor such
compensation, and upon bueh teifir- and conditions as shall
be pr^senbed by the Secretary ol the Navy."
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I have been
instructed by the Committee on Naval Affairs to
offer the following amendment, to come in at the
end of the Senate amendment:
■" In conformity with the provisions of the act of Septem-
ber, 1850, in relation to the dock, basin, and railway.55
It will be remembered, that by the act of 1850,
it was provided that a dock, basin, and railway
should be established in California. By an amend-
ment to an appropriation bill since that time, the
basin and railway were cut off, and prohibited by
the decision of Congress. In this state of things
the Secretary of the Navy, after the passage of
this amendment by the Senate, wrote to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs of the House a letter,
| which I handed to the chairman of the Committee
I on Ways and Means, requesting them to report i
i this amendment when they made their report upon |
! the amendments of the Senate. 1 have endeavored ,
; to get that letter from the chairman of the Com- f
rmtteeon Ways and Mears,m order to show the ;
views of the Secretary of the Navy, but the chair- (
man of that committee has mislaid the letter, so j
that I have been unable to get it. It is not, there- •
fore, my fault that the views of the Secretary of ,
the Navy are not before the House at this time. ,
But I will say that this amendment is in accord- j
ance with the views of the Secretary of the Navy 1
as communicated in that letter. He doubted
whether the act of the last session of Congress,
> modifying that of 1850, left to him power to make
a contract by which this dock might be leased to -
I the contractors on such teims and conditions as he .
,! might think proper. The Secretary of the Navy ■
'! distinctly stated in that letter, that he believed it .
ij would be to the advantage of the Government to |
make such a contract upon the terms proposed by
t the act of 1850, and in accordance with hisiecom- ^
i mendation,this amendment was directed to be re- ;
ported by a unanimous vote ol the Committee on ;
Naval Affairs. i
By the amendment of the Senate, as it now
stands, it is possible that it might be construed to
require the Secretary of the Navy to keep this
dock in operation by the agents of the Govern-
ment, and to employ it under those circumstances
in repairing private vessels. The Secretary, in his
letter, distinctly stated he conceived that to be an
unwise mode of accomplishing this object. That
is all the explanation 1 deem necessary. #
That amendment, which I have offered, is m
exact conformity, as I understand it, and as the
Committee on Naval Affairs understood it, with
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy
in his letter. As it gives him full discretion to do
as he thinks just and proper, it seems to me there
can be no objection to it. >
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to know
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton,]
if it is the object of his amendment to allow thgap
contractors who built this dock for the Govern-
ment, to lease it out for their own advantage, to
private individuals, and to reap the benefit of such
Mr. STANTON. It is not the object of the
amendment to give the contractors any power at
all, but to give the Secretary of the Navy the power
to contract with them, for keeping the dock in re-
pair for docking the Government Vessels at all
times, giving them the precedence, and giving them
the privilege of using it for the repair of merchant
vessels, upon such terms and conditions as the
Secretary of the Navy shall prescribe.
Mr. STEPHENS. I understand that the object
is to give the Secretary of the Navy power to make
a contract with these individuals, by which they
may pocketall the rent; that is the whole sum and
substance of the matter. I am against it, out and
out; and I trust that this House will voteitdown,
Mr. STANTON. I have only to say, that
what I have intimated is the view of the Secretary
of the Navy, as indicated in his communication
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and I have no
doubt it is the best possible mode of disposing of
the subject.
The amendment was then read, as follows:
Add after the word " Wavy," in the eighth line, the words
" in conformity with the provisions of the act ©f September
20th, 1850, in relation to docks, basins and railways, in
California.
Mr. STEPHENS. It may not be known to
the members of the House, that in 1850 there was
a contract provided by law to be entered into with
the contractors fortius naval dock. In the appro-
priation bill of the last session of that Congress
it was repudiated by this House, by a large ma-
jority, after discussion, and now it comes in in
another little amendment, slipped in here at the
tail of an amendment of the Senate, by which all
that contract is to be enforced again.
Mr. STANTON. That is not the object of the
amendment. The gentleman is entirely mistaken.
Mr. STEPHENS. If it is to revive a law, the
gentleman should have the law here, to show ua
what it is that he proposes to revive.
Mr. STANTON. It is not reviving any Jaw.
I believe the law is still in force. The Secretary,
in his letter, states that he believes the law to be
in force: but he desired an expression of the opin-
ion of Congress, as he believed it was advan-
tageous for the Government to adopt the provisions
of that bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stanton] allow
me to ask him whether this is not the very matter
which was in controversy in the last Congress,
when that Congress overruled the opinion of the
Secretary of the Navy, and declared that that con-
tract was not binding at all ?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; this matter has
nothing in the world to do with that. This amend-
ment does not revive that partof the law repealed
by the action of the last session of Congress.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. It revives that
part of the law which enables these contractors,
as I stated before, to pocket all the rent of this
Government dock. That is the part which it re-
vives, and thatis the part which I trust this House
will never revive.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the law
! which the gentleman wishes to revive may beread.
The law was then read, as follows:
"For commencing the construction of a floating dry-dock
on the coast of California, one hundred thousand dollars ;
and the Secretary of the Navy is authorized to enter into
i acontractforthecon"tniehon,with ail ieasonab!edispatch, 
' of a sectional, or balance floating dry-dock, basin, and lail-
! way, at snoh harbor on the coast of the Pacific Ocean as
i he nmv select, of a capacity and dimensions in no if^pert
1 infrnor to those of the drv-dock in progress of constmction
at Pensacola : Provided, That by granting said conti actors
nemnsMon if required to prepare the materials chiefly at
tome harbor on the Atlantic seaboard, and advancing
moneys thereon, as the works progress, the said works can
be completed at'a sum not exceeding, by mote than twelve
ner cent., tlie total amount contracted to be paid for tne
floating dock, basin, and lailway at the Pensacola navy-
vard with the addition thereto of what would be the cos:
of transportation to said coast of the said materials thus
