764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
allow me, I will state that the amendment pro-
poses to leave the mam or central road as it is—
that is, from Davenport to Council Bluffs, and to
strike out the road from Dubuque to Keokuck, and
to make branches from Fort Des Moines to Bur-
lington and Dubuque.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I think 1 can explain in one
instant the change which this proposed amend-
ment makes, so that Senators will understand it.
The amendment of the Senator from New York,
as I understood from him a moment since, leaves
the main road as it is proposed m the bill—that js,
the road from Davenport to Council Bluffs, by the
way of the Raccoon river, and in lieu of the road
from Dubuque to Keokuck, it pi ovules for two
branches, which two branches shall constitute the
other road, with this change only: It makes the
two branches constitute one road from Dubuque
via Fort Des Moines to Burlington, instead of
Keokuck. It will be as the other bill was, with
the exception tnat it makes Fort Des Moines a point
in the road between Dubuque and the lower ex-
tremity of the road, and then changes the terminus
from Keokuck to Burlington. Otherwise the bill
will be as it was.
Mr. ATCHISON. That is a very material
alteration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It is so; and it is a change
which I think should not be adopted. That mat-
ter should be left to the people of the State of
Iowa to settle for themselves.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. In answer to -m inquiry
made on my right as to the situation of Buiimg-
ton, I will state that it is about forty miles north
of Keokuck, and between those two points inter-
vene the Rapids of the Des Moines river. One
gieatobje't of the railroad is to get below the Des
Moines river rapids, which are a great obstruction
to the navigation of the Mississippi river. Fort
Des Moines is not named in the bill, and I hope
it will hot be named. 1 trust Iowa will be allowed
to designate the towns and routes for itself. I was
going* to rem.nk that jf the bill weie left as it now
stands, with an additional provision for a grant of
land for a road from Fort Des Moines to Burling-
ton, I certainly should not object to it. I would
most willingly consent to a proposition of that
sort, and the moie so, because our Legislature, at
its last session—though we were not advised of
the fact till long after this bill was reported—mem-
orialized Congress for a grant of land to aid in the
construction of a road from Burlington to Fort Des
Moines. I have a calculation of the quantity of
land which would be granted, if this amendment
were adopted, and 1 find it would only amount
to an additional appropriation of some 200,000
acres.
Mr. HALE. Oh! is that all ?
Mr. DODGE. If the bill were allowed to stand,
and the branch from Fort. Des Moines to Burling-
ton were to be created, the bill would even then
appropriate less than it was supposed to grant
when it was first reported. We then believed
that, under its provisions, there would be granted
to our State some 1,800,000 acres. But we find,
by calculation, that it does not now appropriate
quite 1,500,000 acres. If the Senator from New
York will shape his amendment so as to give us a
branch road from Bmlington to FoitDes Moines,
leaving the rest of the bill as it now stands, I shall
not object, because we propose to get an appro-
priation lor that road, if it is not passed now.
The design of our Legislature was to get roads
running from east to west, and from north to
south through our State. Objections may be made
to the courses and particular termini of these roans.
But our State is a Union State; we wish it to be
fastened with bands of iron, both to the free States
on the east, and to the slave States on the South;
and we like one as well as we like the other. We
wish to have our roads made as the Legisla-
ture and the people of our State have proposed to
have them. But if there is any desire on the part
of the Senate to give us more than is embraced in
the bili, we are not too modest, at least I am not,
to accept it most thankfully.
Mr. CASS. 1 merely wish to remark that all
these propositions have been before the Committee
on Public Lands. That is the tribunal which, in
the first instance, examines them; and they exam-
ine them more thoroughly than any Senator can
do in his individual capacity. This bill has been
examined by that committee, and, indeed, report-
ed by them; and it is safest, in my opinion, to
take it as it is. If there is any other proposi-
tion differing fiom this, that proposition ought, in
mv opinion, to go before the Committee on Public j
Lands, and be reported upon by them. We want
to know the facts; and the committee investigate
the facts, and report accordingly. If there is to
be another proposition, let it be a separate one,
and let it be sent to the committee, that they may
examine it, and report upon it.
Mr. SEWARD. I ought to say that this
amendment is offered in no spirit of opposition to
the bill. I shall vote for the bill, whatever dispo-
sition the Senate may make of the amendment I
have proposed. I am not going to insist, either,
that the Committee on Public Lands have not ex-
ercised a sound discretion on this subject. 1 bare-
ly say this: that there is a right remaining to every
member of the Senate to pass his opinion on the
judgment of every committee of the Senate; and
that, looking at the map, with such information
as I have in regard to the State of Iowa, it seems to
me that the public interestgenerally, as well as the
interest of the State itself, would be more promoted
by such a plan as that which I have proposed than
by the other. With regard to the Union, sir, I
think the argument is decidedly in favor of my
proposition, because it connects a larger portion
of the States, East and West, and North and
South. One of these branch railroads connects
with the East, and the other with the South; while
the two branches connect the whole State with the
South, and they start from the center ot the State.
Mr. HALE. 1 think, Mr. President,that the
honorable Senator from Iowa, [Mi" Dodge] sug-
gested that if some modification of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from New York could
be made by which the State of Iowa would con-
sent to receive three hundred thousand acres, more
than is proposed to be given by this bill, he would
be in favor of it. [Laughter.] If it could be done,
sir, I should be m favor of it too, because we
would thus get rid of three hundred thousand more
acres of the public land by such an amendment,
and would thereby effect a great saving m the
time of Congress.
As to the suggestionof the Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Cass,] that this proposition ought to
go to the Committee on Public Lands, it seems to
me that we have got beyond that stage ofthe busi-
ness. We know well enough what that com-
mittee will do. They will give just as much as is
asked for; and I for one feel under deep obligation
to the Senator from Iowa for so modestly consent-
ing to take three hundred thousand acres over and
above the fifteen hundred thousand proposed to be
given by this bill, without rendering it necessary
to go through the formality of applying to a com-
mittee. [Laughter.]
With respect to the remarks made by that Sen-
ator, m regard to the stability of the Union, I had
thought from the speech of the honorable Senator
from Atkansas, [Mr. Borland,] delivered here
yesterday, that all agitation in regard to the dura-
bility of the Union was to be henceforth concen-
trated in the question of the durability of the foun-
dations of the Capitol.
Thete legitimate issues, which have been before
the country so long, are, it seems, according to
the Senator from Aikansas, now disposed of; and
henceforth the policy of the country iw to be deci-
ded and discussed on the question ofthe foundation
ofthe Capitol, i make this suggestion because I
think that if this amendment is now modified in
the way proposed by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Dodge]—some gentleman may think I am joking:,
but I teil them I never was more sober in my life
—I should be glad, as a matter of economy ofthe
public time—not of the public lands, sir, for we
have got beyond that—1 say 1 should be glad if
this amendment could be modified in the manner
suggested by the Senator from Iowa, in such a
way that they would take three hundred thousand
more acres without troubling the Senate and occu-
pying its attention some eight or ten weeks with
another bill. And, sir, if this bill could belaid
aside for five minutes, to put it into that shape, 1
would certainly vote for it.
Now, sir, I want to say one word in explana-
tion of my not voting for the bill when it was
called up. I was not in my seat when the ques-
tion was taken on calling it up. I was in the gal-
lery, and I observed that seveial gentlemen ex-
plained that they had paired off with Senators. I
was applied to l>y a Senator, not now present, to
know whether I would pair off with him. I refer
to the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Bright,] who
is absent, and who is friendly to the bill, he sup-
posing that 1 was opposed to it. When he made
this application, I told him that I was not sure
that 1 was in that category; that I did not know
how I should vote. And 1 have been in a some-
what doubtful state. I have not been here to be
enlightened by the speeches which have been made;
and, therefore, it is not to be wondered at if I en-
tertain some doubts. But, sir, as it happened that
the Senator from Indiana was kind enough to pair
off with me on a question on which I did feel some
interest, and as he and his colleague are both ab-
sent, I thought it would be quite fair, considering
the doubtful state of my mind, to pair off with
both of the Senators from Indiana. [Laughter.]
That is the reason why I did not vote for calling
up the bill. I have no opposition to it, but I hope
the amendment will be carried.
Mr. BORLAND. A single word in reply to
the Senator from New Hampshire, as to his allu-
sion to the wings of the Capitol. I think Ins mind
may be quieted now, and that the Senate and the
country may be to some extent quieted, when I
inform him that I disposed of the " free-soil" in
that wall the other day by removing it with the
toe of my boot; and we learn upon pretty good
authority that the people of New Hampshire are
I about to dispose of their Free-Soil representative
1 here in a way almost as summary.
But I rise, as a member of the Committee on
Public Lands, to say, such an amendment as that
I proposed by the Senator from New York, if re-
!| ferred to the committee, could not be reported upon
1 favorably for this very reason: When this Iowa
| bill, and the others like it, were before the corn-
! mittee, the first question we considered was, wheth-
! er the principle they involved was a sound one;
, and then, whether it was good policy to act upon
1 it. Having decided this in the affirmative, we
next determined the number of roads each State
should have. And this settled, we,for reasons of
;i obvious propriety,and without hesitation, left the
j| routes of the road and the selection of their ter-
|j mini to the Senators from the States respectively.
!l That seemed to me at the time to be a proper
course on the part of the committee. And I find
;l no reason to think otherwise now. No Senator
I: living at a distance from the roads, as the Senator
i! from New York does from those in Iowa, can pos-
;j sibly determine this matter so well or so properly
I as the Senators. This is a grant to the State of
II Iowa for public works within her own borders.
It is for her to determine where and how she will
dispose of it. Her decision, as the one most en-
lightened and mostjiehable, necessarily must be
conclusive with us. So, also, we know and hear
her here only through her own and most compe-
'! tent and faithful Senators. To us, their voice,
their decision, their judgment, is hers. In my
|| opinion, therefore, every consideration of propri-
;j ety requires the rejection of the amendment pro-
|! po^ed by the Senator from New York, [Mr.
j! Seward.]
11 Mr. HALE. I have not a word to say about
|! the taste of the Senator from Arkansas in his per-
j sonal allusion to the Senator from New Hamp-
. shire; but I would remark that it has been the
misfortune of myself, and of those with whom I
have acted, that when those who would assail us
' failpd in argument and intellect, they have used
their boots, and when they succeed their success
" may be because they have more boots than argu-
ments. With regard to the fact stated by the
Senator from Arkansas, that when he had kicked
- out the mortar from the wall the pointers went
right to work and replaced the mortar and re-
i' paired the wall, 1 will tell him that is the way
we do. When an assault is made upon us,
we put the pointers to work immediately; and I
! think the Senator will find before long that those
j who have been met with such arguments as he
|i has suggested, are increasing very fast. I know
11 that there are more boots on the side of those that
N kick at free-soil than thereon the other side. I
|i yield that point, sir; but when you go up from
!i boots to head I think we have a pretty fairchance,
'I but the boots we give up entirely. [Laughter.]
| Now, in regard to the allusion to the victory
<i that has been achieved, I am perfectly willing that
;! the victors should crow and enjoy the spoils of
jl the conquest; but I can tell the Senator, from ex-
II perienee, that he will find it will be better to take
