1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
Tne question then recurring on the adoption of
the Senate's amendment, it was agreed to.
The second amendment of the Senate was read,
as foiiuws:
'• 2, line 23, after the word { dollars,' in the clause ]
provulmy tor the tempo; ;uy c!t:rkv-> in the office at the Third [
Auditor, strike out thu word:?: ' !
'• Prjvide<i, Tii.it no clerk shall receive more than at the •
rate of'.$l3UJO per annum under this act*'— j
And insert the following m lieu ihereof: J
" Which sum ?h.ill !>e distributed amoris the clcrks ac-
cording to the di>cietion et the Secretary of the Ttea>ury :
Pncidc.ti, That no sat.iry tVom tins tUiid shall exceed ^i,2i)0 j
pei annum." i
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend \
that amendment by inserting after the word kl ex- j
ceed" the words " $1,01)0 per annum, except two,
who shall receive—" It will be seen by reference
to the clause as it was sent to'the Senate from the ,
House, that the salaries of the extra clerks herein j
provided for were limited to $1,000 per annum. |
The Department asked thy.t they might have per- |
mission to employ not exceeding two of them at |
§1,200 per year. I had a conversation with the j
chairman of the Committee on Finance of the
Senate, and he said the object of this amendment !
was, that the Secretary might have the discre- ,
tionary power to employ two of those clerks at '
$1,200, and the others were to be employed at ,
§1,000 per annum. As the amendment comes to
us from the Senate, they will construe it that each ;
and every one of them is to receive j?l,2J0 per ;
annum. Another construction that will b^gpven
to it will be to claim for those who were employed
under a former law as temporary clerks in this |
Department during the last year $1,230 per an-1
num. This amendment I propose is in accord-
ance with the original object of this amendment as !
adopted in the Senate, as I have been assured by .
the chairman of the Finance Committee of that <
body. j
The question was then taken, and the amend- :
ment to the amendment was adopted. j
The question then recurred on the adoption of 1
the amendment of the Senate as amended, and it ;
was agreed to. •
The third amendment of the Senate, proposing ;
to insert the word 44 temporarily" after the word j
** employed," m the clause appropriating $4,000 |
for extra clerks in the office of the Auditor of the j
Post Office Department, was agreed to. ;
The fourth amendmentof the Senate was agreed j
to, viz: |
" Page 2, after line 3 >, insert:
te For pfetingui books prepared for the purpose, canceled
certificates of the registry and enrollments of vessels re-
turned by the several collectors of the customs, $300."
The committee next proceeded to the considera-
tion of the fifth amendment, which reads as fol-
lows:
Pa«*e f>, line 93, after the clause appropriating $30,000
for rutminu and mirkmg the lioniidatv line between the
United Struesand Mexico, accouhii',' to the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, insert Ui«J following :
" Provide.!, That uothinz herein contained sliall bo so
construed as to sanction a departure from the point on the
Rio Grande, north of the town calted Paso, designated nt
the &aid treaty."
Mr. BROOKS. I want to propound to the
gentleman from Texas [Mr. Howard] a question,
and that I may do so in order, I move to amend
that amendment, by inserting after it the words:
The southern and western limits of New Mexico as
laid (town in Dtsturnell's imip, published m New Yoik ui
1847, of wludi Iii.ip a copy is added to tue treaty.
I suppose that the House listened to the re-
marks of the gentleman from Texas on yesteiday,
and therefore it is not necessary for me to restate
the points he made. X must confess I have not
had time to examine and see how accurate they
were. The amendment as printed in tile bill be-
fore us, seems to provide for ail alteration of the
treaty of Gu ulalupe Hidalgo. It provides " that
1 nothing herein contained shall he so conbtiued as
* to sanction a departure from the point on the
< Rio Grande, north of the town called Paso, desig-
* netted in the said treaty." That is one^iteni in
the treaty. I propose to add die other item, and
that is in the words of the amendment submitted;
' so^ that the two parts of the treaty, that which
stimulates El Paso, and that which stipulates that
Duturneli's mnp shall be the line, shall appear.
By this amendment we shall be committed to the
whole, and not to a part of the treaty, as the
Senate'^ amendment seems to propose. I am
wilhncp to stand by the treaty cis it is, whatevei it
may be; but i am unwilling to designate a parus-
ular part of the treaty, and so to insinuate we will
not stand by the"&hole. In my amendment 1 have
quoted briefly the words of the tieaty which 1
propose to append to tiie Senate's amendment.
There is said to he in dispute 9,0U0 square
miles of territory. Now as this is a subject which
the House have not had time to investigate, that
is a good reason why we should uot,in an appro-
priation bill, commit ourselves to ail alteration of
a treaty, for this commitment herealier may be
used to repudiate, repeal, or change that treaty,
or it may be used as a call upon the House tor
some appropriation for the loss of temtory. Be-
sides, ttie treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo stipulates
that the two Governments shall ea.li appoint a
commissioner and surveyor, and the line agreed
upon by them is to be deemed a part of this
treaty. If it be necessary to stipulate one proviso
quoting one part of the treaty, 1 propose to stipu-
late another proviso quoting the whole part of the
fit'sh section of the tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
That confirms the treaty and leaves New Mexico
whatever benefit there may be in this disputed
boundary line—leaves it to be a question of law—
or a question of negotiation between us and Mex-
ico heieafter. liut this proviso, as it stands, com- j
mils us to something, tlie purport of which I do ,
not exactly comprehend. The safest way, there- 1
fore, if we must do something, is to recite in sub-
stance the whole boundary pait of the treaty, and \
to demand the true execution of that as a wnole. ",
Mr. PHELPS. In submitting any remarks at ,
this nine, by the rules of the House I must oppose
the amendment. I do this in order briefly to ex-
i press my opinion of the true boundary between
' this country arid Mexico. We are all aware the
commissioners appointed by both Governments
are now engaged in running this line. It is also
known there has been a dispute between the com- j
missioner on the part of this Government, Mr.
Barilett, and the surveyor attached to our com- :
mission, about the southern boundary line of New •
Mexico. Tins commissioner is a mere Executive
officer. He is no plenipotentiary authorized to
negotiate a boundary tor us. He is only author-
ized to mark out and define with the commissioner •
on the part of Mexico, the boundary according to
the terms of the treaty which the gentleman from ;
New York [Mr. Brooks] has correctly quoted.
Yesterday I was desirous to obtain the floor to ]
express my opinions on this question, but was \
unable to do so. The gentleman from Texas [Mr. ■
Howard] condemned the action of our commis-
sioner lit fixing the initial point on the Rio Grande
at the parallel of latitude of 32^ 22'. In this
much I concur with him, but do not concur with
! 'him in the point he has designated as the true ini-
; tial point. It may be said there are three points
I named as the initial point of the southern bound-
i ary of New Mexico. The first, the line as run
by Mr. Bartlett, commencing on the right bank of
the Rio Grande, in latitude north 320 22', and
42.85 miles north of the town of El Paso. The
second, the line mentioned by the gentleman from
Texas, [Mr. Howard,] north of El Paso about
eight miles. The third is the line for which I con-
tend, which commences at the town of El Paso,
leaving that town within the State of Chihuahua.
The latitude of El Paso is stated by our commis-
sioner to be 31° 45'. This, I presume, is the lati-
tude of the pLza, and not the latitude of the north-
ern confines of the town. The difference in
latitude between the line as run by the commis-
sioner, with the sanction, as I am mfoimed.of this
Administration, and the last-mentioned line, is
37'. Assuming three degrees of longitude, which I
am informed is the length of the southern bound-
ary line of New Mexico, west of tliePuo Grande,
as claimed by our commissioner, we lose by run-
ning the line as decided by the commissioner
more than seven thousand square miles of terri-
tory—an area greater in extent than the area of
the States of Connecticut and Rhode Island eom-
bmed. > .
The treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo defines the
line between this country and Mexico to be the
Rio Grande, "following the deepest channel,
' where it has more than one, to the point where
' it strikes the southern boundary of «Vii  Mexico;
' thence westwardly along the whole southern
' boundary of New Mexico, (which runs north of
' the town called Paso,) to Us western termination;
' thence northward, along the western line of New
' Mexico, until it intersects the first branch of the
'river Gila, (or if it should not intersect any
' branch of that river, then to the point on the
'said line nearest to such branch, and thence in a
'direct line to ttie same:) thence from the middle
' of the said branch, and of the said river," &c.
The same article from which the foregoing is
quoted also declares, " the southern and western
'limits of New Mexico, mentioned in this article,
' are those laid down in the map entitled 'Map of
1 the 'United Mexican States, as organized and defined
' b]j vuri'j /cs acts of the Congress of said Repvbtic, a;id
I ' constructed according to the be*,t authorities, lie-
! ' vised edition; published at *Yeic York in 1847, by
j ' X DisturneltOf' which map a copy is added to
' ' this treaty," &c., &c.
j The southern boundary of New Mexico is, by
! this treaty, made a part of the boundary between
i the two nations. Not the southern boundary of
: New Mexico resting on tradition, but the bound-
j ary as delined by the Government of Mexico it-
| self. The southern boundary of New Mexico is
| laid down by geographers as the parallel of lati-
i tudeol 31°. Humboldt—and 1 know of no better
| writer on the civil and political divisions of New
| Mexico at the time he wrote—gives the 31stdegree
i of latitudeas the southern boundary of New Mex-
I leo. But I do not rely on this author to eslablisli
' my point. My inquiry is, where is the southern
: boundary of New Mexico ? "VVhere was it at the
! time the treaty was ratified? Tell me not the
! commissioners were to be governed by latitude
,j and longitude, as laid down upon the map. Tell
1 me not Che commissioners were to disregard natu-
i ral and fixed objects mentioned in the treaty, and
j the decrees of the Mexican Government, made
long prior to, and in force at the date of the treaty,
and let all these yield to latitude and longitude laid
down upon this map. Such posiiions are absurd
■ and violate plain and indisputable principles of
i law. The longitude of the Rio Grande, at the
i initial point of the line run by the commissioners,
! is about three degrees west of the position given
1 it on the map; in other words, on this map, the
j Rio Grande, at this point, has a position about
I three degrees east of its true position. And who
j would be so reckless of his own reputation as to
j contend that the line between us and Mexico shall
| bein that longitude, which the map accompanying
i the treaty assigns as the longitude of the Rio
j Grande? All agree the Rio Grande, from its
j mouth to the point where it strikes the southern
1 boundary of New Mexico, is the true boundary,
| called for in the treaty. It is a known, a fixed
; object, and one called for in .the treaty. So with
h the southern boundary of New Mexico; it is a
|| known, a fixed object—a call mentioned in the9
'! treaty. Every argument which can be urged to
:! sustain the position that the Rio Grande is the
ij true boundary between us and Mexico, notwith-
1 standing its real position is about three degrees of
longitude, or about one hundred and seventy-six
!| miles west of its position on Disturnell's map,
!i apply with equal force to the position, that the
■! true southern boundary of New Mexico, notwith-
ii standing the position assigned it on the map, is
the real and true boundary between us and Mex-
i; ico. If you disiegard longitude when it conflicts
!l with a natural object, so must you disregard lati-
|j tude when it conflicts with a known and fixed ob-
: ject. Known and fixed objects control courses
! and distances as much as do natural and fixed ob-
] • .
] lects.
!' There is no difficulty in the cpiestion when we
'j apply—when we test it by those principles which
1 every jurist recognizes. I have said the southern
; boundary of New Mexico is known and fixed—
' was known and fixed long prior to the dale of the
: treaty—was defined not by the Spanish Govern-
ment, but by the Mcxican Government—was de-
fined by a decree of the Mexican Congress, to be
found on their statute-hook. This line was an
important political line. Important in their polit-
; ieai organization, because it defined the limits of
" a Territory still more important; because that line
| was made, and is now, the boundary of one of
! the States of that Confederacy. And has ihis act
" of the Mexican Congress escaped the notice and
: attention of the Administration' Has the eom-
! missioner on the part of thts Government
■ playing the part of a diplomat without being fm'y
■ I advised by his Government of all the authorities
. beat in" on this question? Has hebeen sent there
" to run^and mark the boundary line between the
United States and Mexico, and not furnished
