1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
765
defeat in homeopaihic doses. It may come by
and by too thick and too overpowering for those |!
who have been accustomed to meet argument with j
boots. And, besides, they may receive it with a •
better ^race if they have been disciplined in the !
school in which they take it in homeopathic doses, jl
Sir, 1 am accustomed to defeat. I was defeated l
in the House of Representatives some few years j
ago, and it was a sort of boot game then; but I
yielded with such grace as I could, and abided my j
time. I expected to he defeated again; I expected f
that the Senate would be deprived of my services, !'
as it has been of the services of the Senator from ;
Mississippi also, [Mr. Foote.] When that Sena- i
tor way here he did intimate—though I have no j
doubt it was in an unguarded moment, and con-
trary to his usual kindness of heart—that if I ii
should be found in the State of Mississippi, it j
might become necessary for him to administer a ;
severe infliction upon me. He is now m the State |
of Mississippi as its Executive head, and though ;
he has not been the death of me in Mississippi, he
lias in New Hampshire, because as he happened
to be out of the Senate, the people there thought ■
theie wys no need of my services here any further. ,
[Laughter.")
Mr. BORLAND. I am sorry that the Senator i
from New Hampshire should have taken anything 1
I said as either serious or unkind. I assure him j!
that what I said was intended for pleasantry—said
in plciyfu! reply to the hit he made at me about the !!
winsrs of the Capitol, &c. I could not mean any i!
unkindncss in my remark or allusions: for, as he !
welt knows, that however much I may differ with i
him in Ins political views—however much I may i
object to his public course, I entertain for him, |
personally, the kindest feelings. He now alludes !
to what 1 said about the mortar in the walls of the i,
Capuol yesterday. In the same spirit of kind-
ness, 1 will tell him that I apprehend there is, in- '
deed, some resemblance between the process allu- i!
ded to and the procceedmgs of the Free-Soilers li
whom he represents. The mortar was shown to !'
be unsound. What did the architcct do ? Hedid
not rid the bosom of the work of " that perilous j
stuff;" but proceeded to cover it up—to hide from
public view—to plaster it over by applying alittle i1
sound mortar to the surface. And so, sir, I think !
it not unlikely that, when Free-Soilers find them- !,
selves defeated—the people having weighed them
and found them wanting—will change their colors
for the time, and seek to regain their position with
a new face, made up of a little of this new mortar !'
on the surface.
The PRESIDENT. This discussion isentiiely .
out of Older. _ j
Mr. BORLAND. I have no more to say, sir. 1
The question was then taken on the amendment 1
offered by Mr. Seward; and it was rejected. 1
Mr. DAVIS. I stated some time ago, that I j
thought the first section of the hill could be !
amended in a manner to improve the character of j
the bill verv much. I allude to an amendment that \
1 intend to propose, beginning in the eleventh line !
at the word " provided," and striking outall down ]
to the word " surveyed," in the_thirteenth line, j
and insert what i send to the Chair. i
The amendment proposed to strike out the foi- ,
lowing woids: " Provided, That the right of way
' shall not exceed one hundred feet on each Pioe i
' nf the Hue of said roads, and a copy of the sur- ^
* vey," and to insert the words: I
Provided, Tliat m locating tlie lailro.nls aforesaid, and
ftPM>"nni" the limits to the ea^ment, no more land Miall be j
taken from tlie Cmted States than h nece^an fm aeouve- ;
menl cons-ti notion and u.-e of said roads oi public ways toi ■
iraH^pOi l.ninii, including station*, with the umi.i1 builmim-'
of all tinn mite and Mich other nppuitcnances as.
an- ii-uialiv enjoyed by tailroad companies, and a cop) of I
the location. |
So that the proviso, thus amended, will read as ;
follows: i
Pmr,That 111 locating the railroads aforesaid, and
a-«i'"iiii" the limit.-, to tin: ea-enient, 110 more land shall lie
taken lio'n the l.'nUed Hl.it.-- than is neceor.u> tor a eon-
vciiicnt ror-p action and me ot said road* or public s
rot translocation, inehtduu; stations, with the uMial buiid-
ft all kind*, tuin-out-. and such othei appurtenance.-
as'.uc u-iialU onjojod b\ mihoad companies and a cop\
of thp lo.-.ition of said road-, made under the du^etnni
of tlie iJp<fiviatnr(>, f-hall b? Auw.uded to the piopei local
land ntfiei^ ie-peetivelv, and to the General Land Oihce at
Ot), w ithin ninety days aitei the completion
of tlie s-ame.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I hope that_ tfie amend-
ment will be adopted. It is a practical amend-
ment arid embraces a matter which we overlooked
in the details. 1 trust it will be adopted.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. In order to carry out the pur-
pose of that proviso, another amendment in the
seventeenth line is necessary. It provides that a
copy of the survey of said roads, made under the
direction of the Legislature, shall be forwarded to
the proper local land offices respectively, and to
the General Land Office at Washington city,
written ninety days after the completion of the
same. The amendment which I propose is to add
the words "to be recorded" to the end of the
section.
The PRESIDENT. The clause of the proviso
thus proposed to be amended will then read: j
" Arid a copy of tlie survey of said roads, made under the
direction of the Legislatuie, j-hall be lorwarded to the proper
local land othces respectively and to the Geneial Land Ot-
fice at Washington city, within ninety dajs alter tlie com- j
pletion of the same, and to be recorded." i
Mr. DAVIS. I should like the proviso still j
better—but gentlemen can do as they please about I
it—if the location were recorded in the register of i
the counties where the land lies. It would be a ;
great convenience to the public if this were so. I
JBut I do not propose to amend in that way, and |
I simply propose that their returns to the land office |
shall be recorded. i
The question being taken, the amendment was
agreed to. |
Mr. GEYER. I have an amendment which I j
propose to offer, to come in ctt the end of the third j
section of the amendment reported by the commit- •<
tee. It is to add the following: I
Which land* <-hall, from tunc to time, be offered at I
public bale to the lushest bidder, under the direction of the
Secretaiy ot tlie Interior, and -ball not be subject to entiy
until they shall have been ho oifcrod at public bale. :
So that the section will reau— ;
" That the sections and paits of sections of land which,
by such grant, shall remain to the United States within six
miles on each side of each of said loads shall not be sold i
tor less than double the minimum pnee of the public lands i
when sold, winch lands shall, from time to nine, be offered i
at public tale to the highest bidder, under the duectton of j
the Secretary of the interior, and fball not be subject to en- 1
try until rhey shall have been &o offcied at public sale.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. That appears to be a
very important amendment. I hope we shall
have the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. There are several gen-
tlemen here who say they do not understand that
amendment. I want to know if I understand it.
If I do understand it, it is to the effect that the j
lands surveyed at the price of $2 50 per acre fur i
the Government, are required to be advertised
and sold at action. Is that the purpose of the
amendment? \
Mr. GEYER. It is, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Then I hope it will be
adopted, and let everybody have a fair chance,
when these lands come into market.
Mr. GEYER. The object is not to change the
minimum price, but to prevent the absorption of
these linds by entry, and to give to the United
States the advance, if any, in price of the lands,
when they shall be sold.
| The question was then taken, by the yeas and
nnys, on the adoption of the amendment, and re-
sulted—yeas 34, nays 6; as follows:
, VEAS Me&sis Atchi-on, Dadijei, Ba\ard, Bell, Bor-
land, Hiadlnnv. Hiodhead. Brooke, Cass Claiko, Clemens,
Cooper, Davit, Fish, i:'oof, Ue>er, iiamiin, James*, Jones
of Iowa, Jono oi Tcnne^t-cc, Knur, Mangum, ..Ia^on,
Moit'in, Pratt. Rusk, Seward, {Smith, Smile, Stockton,
Underwood. Upham, Wade, and Walker—'.i\
\ 7VAYS Me-ti*. Chase, Dod^i" ot \\ neonsin. Dodge of
Iowa, Doughv, Gwiti. and M< Rae—G.
So the amendment was agreed to.
1 Mr. BRODHEAD. I seated yesterday, some-
what m detail, the reasons why I could not vote
for these railroad bills, and why I preferred the
policy of graduating the price at wnich the pub-
lic lands should be'sold. 1 think these railroad
bills, relating to intern il improvements in the
! States, are local and partial in theircluuacter; and
that Congress cannot properly deride whether a
: railroad should run east or west, or north or south.
It is said that the object of these railroads is to
■ increase the ^a'e and settlement ol these lands,
and that is the proper policy for the country to
pursue. 1 think that a ^raduatinir policy is better,
and therefnie I propose a substitute, if it be 111
■ order, and if it will not embarrass the Senate in
i their votes, for the present bill, in order to provide
1 for the graduation of the price of the public lands,
The proposed substitute was read, as follows.'
That from and after the first day of January next, all the
public lands of the United States, then subject to private
entry, shall be airanged into fix classes, in the manner fol-
lowing, namely: Lands which have been m market, sub-
ject to private entrj', ten yeais or ies^, shall constitute the
fir>t class; those which have been in market, subject as
aforesaid, more than ten years and not exceeding fifteen
years, shall constitute the second class ; those which have
been iri market, subject as aforesaid, more than fifteen
years, and not exceeding twenty years, shall constitute the
third class; those which have "been m market, subject as
aforesaid, more than twenty vears, and not exceeding twen-*-
ty-five years, shall constitute the fourth class; those which
have been in market more than twenty-five years, and not
exceeding thnty years, shall constitute the filth class ; and
those which have been in market more than thirty years,
shall constitute the sixth clas*; the classification to be made
under the direction ot the Secretary of the Treasury : Pro-
lided, That in fixing tho^o ela^-os, the fiaetion of the year
between the date of oftenng and the commencement of the
. next calendar >ear there.Uter, shall not be computed : And
' j/Tuviiled jinthc , That whenever lands, subject to entry at
: private saie aie \s ithdrawn from tnaiket foi any cause,-the
time they may be thus kept out of market, if it exceed one
calendar year, shall be excluded hum computation m fixing
the several da^PCsj.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the minimum
puce of the lands, in the first class, s-hall be one dollar and
twenty-five cent-« per acie; of tho- e of the second class,
one dollai pei aeie ; nf those in the third class, eighty cents
per acie; of those in the fourth class, sixty cents per acre;
ot those in the filth das*., torty cents pur acre; oi tho&e in
the e>ixth clas-s, twenty ccnfs pci acre.
Sac. '3. And be it'further enacted. That all the public
lands ol the United States, which now are, or may hereafter
be, brought into market, and become ■subject to private en-
tiy, shall be subject, as the puuod< indicated by this act
shall arrive, to the scale ot giaduation herein provided, un-
dei the dncction of the Secietary of the Trea>my, and be
open to entry and putcha-e agreeably thereto.
Sec. 4. A nd be it farther enacted, That upon every reduc-
tion in the prices ot '-aid lands which shall take place by the
graduating proce« ot rln-« act, the occupants or settleis upon
any ot the ^aid land-: shall have the right of pie;nnption at
such giadimtcd or reduced piices, which right •shall extend
to a penod ot six months from and alter the date* at which
the r< ppective giAdu.vtuun s<hall take place; and any land
not ent-red bv the respective occupants or settlers within
that period, shall be liable to be entered or putchased by
any other person until ihe next giaduation or reduction in
| puce shall take place, when it shall, if not previously pm-
chased, be again subject to the ughtof preemption foi six
months and so on from time to time as said reduction shall
take place: Provided, That nothing in tins act contained
shall be constiued to interfere with any right which has
accrued, or may accrue, by virtue of any act granting pre-
emptions to actual settlers on the public lands.
The PRESIDENT. It is now proposed to
strikeout all that has been adopted, and insert
what has just been read.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to suggest a single
verbal amendment to that amendment, if it meets
the approbation of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. I observe in one place that the expression,
"more than one calendar year," occurs. We
have, l believe, but one kind of year now, that
which has three hundred and sixty-five days. I
therefore suggest that the woid "calendar" be
stricken out.
Mr. BRODHEAD. X accept the modification.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will again state
the question, in order that Senators may under-
stand it. This bill was originally referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and was reported
back by that committee to the Senate with an
amendment, which is to strikeout the ouginal and
insert what is printed m italics. That amendment
has been agreed to by the Senate as in Committee
of the W hole, and the bill has been reported to the
Senate and undeigone several amendments. The
proposition now is to strike out all that amend-
ment as amended, and niseit what has been pro-
posed by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. GW IN. 1 am in favor of this graduation,
and 1 will go even further than that. I am in
favor of giving donations to actual settlers, but I
am not in favor of incorporating that bill in this
one. I will vote for the bill before the Senate as
it is, and hereafter for the other one, if it should
come up. I will vote for both of them.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I offer this as a substitute
for the bill befoie us. We must adopt one meas-
sure or the other. We must either take this rail-
road policy, by which the public lands are to be
absorbed, or we must affree to a graduation and
reduction of prices of the public lands. 1 prefer
! the graduation policy for the reasons which I stated
I yesterday. I believe it more equitable and more
just and general m its operation, and more easily
understood. It prevents monopolies bv ft tendency
to centralization .and I tiiei etore think it altooethei
preferable. I offer it, not to be incorporated jn the
II bill, but as a substitute for it.
[I The PRESIDENT, The Chair has so stated,
