1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
merit, which has been much less than liis, I am
afraid the people will have no security whatever,
and can get none, against the action of Congress,
in this very instance, what do we see? Why, in
1847, a law was passed to borrow money. We
were then engaged in a war with Mexico. And
to establish, or rather to improve the credit of the
country, the proceeds of the sales of the public
lauds were pledged to the payment of that debt.
Here is a bill brought in to give them away, at
the rate of some 3,800 acres per*mile. There is no
restraint, then, by the legislation of the country,
to the extent that the public faith may be involved
by the hypothecation of the proceeds of the public
lands.
But I will go further than that. I have seen an
instance, in rny judgment, and in the judgment of
the section of the Union from which I come, in
which the action of Congress has not been re-
strained by constitutional bounds. I am afraid,
therefore, when the Senator asks what security
we can offer, that we can offer none.
i\jr. A.TCHISON. I do not propose to offer
any security, nor do I suppose that a solitary
Senator from one of the land States on this floor
proposes to offer any secuiity. ISfot one.
It has been said time and again, by all the Sen-
ators opposed to this bill, or opposed to anythin.
for the various railroad bills granting some ten, or
fifteen, or twenty millions of acres a year, and
then go for a graduation policy also. I offer a
compromise here. I offer the same measure to
the gentlemen from the new States which they
have been urging upon Congress for years past,
and I ask them now to adopt it in lieu of these
various railroad projects.
Mr. RUSK. I would inquire what is the ques-
tion before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT. The proposition is to give
permission to the Senator from Pennsylvania to
withdraw his amendment.
Mr.. RUSK. I hope gentlemen will confine
themselves to that point.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to make a remark
or two, m reply to my friend from Missouri. I
think it lamentable that, after months of discus-
sion, we cannot agree upon the facts, but are dia-
metrically opposed as to the facts which exist in
the case, and cannot understand them alike. My
friend from Missouri says, that if it can be shown
that any lands are given away, he will go against
the whole system. 1 have, over and over again,
stated that lands are given away by this system.
He denied it positively. The question between
us is, which of us understands the bill correctly?
Now let me slate the case in such a clear light that
like justice, in any form of a bill which may be ; nobody can controvert it. This bill says that the
presented, to the new States, that they are giving
away lands. Now, there is not one of these bills
upon the table of any Senator, presented at this or
at any former session, that has for its object the
giving oway of the public lands, for the purpose .
of making railroads or other improvements. Let
the Senator from Virginia propose to strike out
that clause of this bill which doubles the price of
the public lands upon the alternate sections re-
served; and if that is done, then the remainder
will Lea donation. But until that is done there
is no donation. Besides this, there is a clause m
the bill providing for the transportation of the
troops of the United States, and of the mails of
the United States. That, I suppose, may be con-
sideied as an equivalent for the right of way
through the public lands. If the Senator from
Virginia, or any gentleman, can show that this
bill, or any other land bill now before the Senate,
gives directly or indirectly one cent.—one acre of
land, or the fraction of an acre of land, to the new
States, then I am ready to abandon the whole sys-
tem.
I do not say that the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia offers this amendment as an expedient to de-
feat this bill; but it will operate as an expedient
to defeat this and all the other land bills. I tell
that Senator—and I believe e\ery gentleman rep-
resenting one of the new States on this floor will
tell him the same thing—that we will vote for that
bill separately, I prefer that bill; I prefer a grad-
uation bill, upon almost any principle, to this or
any other land bill. When this bill was first
taken up for discussion, I avowed, and I avow
now, that you are giving nothing to the new States.
You are conferring no direct favor on the State of
Missouri or the State of Iowa by these grants.
They have amoral influence, and a moral influence
alone, on our own people, inducing them to step
forward and advance their money for the construc-
tion of these roads. This is all the influence, all
the effect they have. We do not draw upon the
Treasury of the United States for one cent, or for
State of Iowa shall receive every alternate section
for six miles on each side of the line of the road.
The grant, then, is equal to six sections on one
side; for, if they get alternate sections for six miles
on both sides, it is equal to six miles on one side.
That is clear. Nobody can deny that. Now,
suppose that by the piivate entries which have
been made, there is left only four sections out of
which the selections can be made, what is the con-
sequence of that state of things? Instead of having
your whole twelve sections on both sides, out of
which to select six, you have only four sections;
from which, of course, only two can be selected.
Then the bill says the State may make up that
deficiency more than six miles from the line of the
road. You can only get the half of four, or two
sections, within six miles. Then the other four
sections to which you are entitled, you get at a
distance greater than six miles from the line of the
road. Can the gentlemanfiom Missouri deny that
those four sections, which you take from more
than six miles from the road, are a pure donation
to the State without a cent's equivalent in return ?
Why, it is capable of mathematical demonstration,
that the four sections selected more than six miles
from the lineof the road are given away absolutely
and the United Slates does not receive a cent from
them. There is no doubling of the price foi those
four sections at all; you only double the price
upon the half of the four sections which are within
the six miles. That is, you double the price upon
the two sections selected witlnn the six miles of the
road, and do not double the price of the other four
sections, selected at a distance of more than six
miles from the road.
Mr. DOWNS. Suppose you sold two sections,
instead of one before, would not that be doubling?
A Senator. It is dinner-time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Some gentlemen say
they want their dinners; and I dislike, just upon
the eve of the vote, to detain them. 1 am sorry
that we do not agree as to the farts of the bill.
When there are only four sections within six miles
one acre of lain!, for which we fio not pay an I; of each side of the road, the Government is en-
equivalent. I trust that gentlemen will change titled to one half, and the State to he other ha.f.
their phraseology somewhat when they speak of !i The Government reserves two sections, and the
granting lands "or of donating lands to the new |j State two sections, within six miles; and then, in
States." I trust that my friend from Virginia par j|
ticularly will change his phraseology, or demon- ,!
strate that it is a gift.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Tenues- ■
see asked me, what security we have that Con- i
giess will not contrive to donate and giveaway I;
these lands after we shall adopt a graduating po -
iiberal (Mlto) and enlarged idea of duty, mr
advocates of this and the other land bills of the " •>" nt ,1,„ count,-v. has carnet
the case supposed, if the State makes up the defi-
ciency of four sections, from lands lying more than
six miles from the road, beyond the extent of the
two sections taken within six miles of the road, it (
is a perfect and pure donation.
Now a word or two to my constituents, and then
I shall have done with this subject forever, 1 th>nk. ■
I want to say to them, through the Senate, that my !
principal argument they advance in favor of them. >
They sav they desire to induce the sale and settle- '
merit of "the public lands We adopt the policy;
and if, to carry it out, we adopt a graduation sys- ,
teni it will be a substitute for what they propose. :
You cannot ha\e both. As a representative of
one of the old States, 1 beg leave to say that L ^
cannot go for both these measures I cannot go i
der the Constitution of the country, has carried
me for internal improvements upon great national
principles. I think we have the whole control of
this subject. Although I am not_ sure but the
vote, which I shall give in favor of this bill, will
subject me to a very severe responsibility at home,
I shill not shrink from it, for I have been accus-
tomed to meet responsibility. All its terrors have
no dread for me. I may sav with my friend from
New Hampshire, that I have no political hopes or
aspirations. I retire to private life; but I intend
to carry with me the approbation of my con-
science, and the conviction that I have done what
I believed to be right. I have heretofore voted for
all these bills, upon those high principles which I
have advocated before this Senate. Seeing no
chance to get that justice which I believe we ought
to have, and would have had, under the provisions
of the amendment which I had the honor of offer-
ing—seeing 110 prospect, under the present state
of things, of having the land fund inure as a com-
mon benefit to all the States, I will not act the part
of the dog in the manger, I will not refuse to do
good for evil. I will act upon the principle, that
the day is coming when justice will animate the
hearts of the American people. I act ttpon the
principle, that truth is omnipotent, and will ulti-
mately prevail. 1 believe that, if the people of
the United States will take this great subject into
consideration, they will see that the old States are
entitled to some participation in this great fund;
that the new States are not entitled to ail its bene-
fits. Although I think I have been pretty harshly
treated in the course of this discussion, in some
respects, yet 1 cheerfully give them wlmt I think
they are entitled to, in these bills: hoping, that
when thatpuhlicreconsideralion takesplace, which
I hope may take place, not only the old States,
but the new States, will see the propriety of acting
upon the principle that I have advocated here, and
upon which I intend to stand. With these views,
I am ready to yote,
The motion to grant leave to withdraw the
amendment of Mr. Brodiiead was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is, on
the amendment that has been made in Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not propose to detain
the Senate, but 1 happened accidentally to be out
when the vote was taken on the amendment of-
fered by the Senator from Kentucky, and when
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] made some
explanations with regard to the bill. I wish to
know whether heunderstands thebill as restraining
the Slate of Iowa from taking alternate sections,
that were reserved by the Government when the
grant was made fortheimprovement of Des Moines
river.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I so understand it.
Mr. BRADBURY. I do not see any such re-
servation in thebill; but 1 wish to make a single
remark in reply to the Senator from Missouri.
He pledged himself that he would abandon the
bill, if it could be shown that one acre of the pub-
lic lands granted for these purposes was a gift.
He further remarked that if we reduced the price
of alternate sections, it would be a gift; but that
inasmuch as the price of the alternate sections re-
! served was increased or doubled, that prevented
I the grant from being a donation; and he proceeded
'• to remark that lie was ready to vote for the grad-
| uation bill presented by the honorable Senator
\ from Pennsylvania, ifit'were brought forward as
1 a separate proposition. That graduation bill, re-
duces the price of the alternate sections not only
! to the amount which they now are, but to a much
! less amount than that now asked for them. The
i declaration of the Senator was, that such a reduc-
tion would constitute this grant a gift: and mthat
event, he said he would go against the bill. Be-
lieving that he will vote, as he"pledged the Senator
i from Pennsylvania that he would, for a bill for
the reduction of the price of the public lands, we
1 have a right to claim that he will vote against this
bill. I think he stands so pledged.
I The amendment made in Committee of the
Whole was agreed to by the Senate.
Mr. BELL. Some of my friends have said
that I would he acting somewhat inconsistently if
I voted for this bill, "i do not propose now to go
mto an explanation of the grants. Perhaps some
other occasion will arise when I can do so. I
said in my remarks on this subject, that whatever
mi"lit be the fate of theamendment, I would give
my vote for thebill. I think I can reconcile it
with the vote 1 have given for similar bills hereto-
fore: but if the Senate will allow me to ask the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas) one question
before they vote, I shall be veiy much obliged ta
them. It is an explanation with regard to the
vole upon a bill for an appropriation to Alabama
■ and Mississippi of public lands connected with
' the Illinois railroad; and this 1 connect (to show
