THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
xlvii
senlatives of the United, Slates of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
arid he hereby is authorized and directed to pay
to John A. McGraw, of the city of New York, the
sum of one thousand four hundred dollars, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated; the same being due the said McGraw,
for demurrage of the ship Charlotte, at VeraCruz,
Mexico, while in the service of the United States.
Approved, August 25, 1852.
[No. 48.]—An Act granting a Pension to John he
Soy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there be allowed and paid to John
Le Roy, who was an express rider in the late war
with Mexico, a pension of twenty dollars per
month, to commence on the twenty-second day of
February, eighteen hundred and forty-seven, and
to continue during life; and that the said pension
be paid as all other invalid pensions are paid, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro
priated.
Approved, August 25., 1852.
[No. 49.]—An Act for the Relief of Joseph Morton
Plummer and Mary Reynolds Plummer.
Be it exacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
required to place the names of Joseph Morton
Plummer and Mary Reynolds Plummer, minor
children of the late Captain Samuel M. Plummer,
of the United States Army, upon the pension roll,
and pay to them a pension amounting to half the
pay per month to which their father was entitled
at the time of his death, for the period of five years;
said pension to commence on the ninth day of
March, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two.
Approved, August 26, 1852.
[No. 50.]—An Act for the Relief of John Moore
White.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and is hereby authorized and directed to pay, out
of any money in theTreasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to John Moore White, son and sole heir
of Major John White, a major in the Army of the
Revolution, and slain at the battle of Germantown,
or his heirs, the seven years' half-pay to which
Major White would have been entitled, had he
not died before a resolve of Congress passed the
twenty-fourth of August, one thousand seven hun-
dred and eighty.
Approved, August 26, 1852.
[No. 51.]—An Act for the Relief of Mrs. Margaret
Hetzel, Widow and Administratrix of A. R. Hetzel,
late Assistant Quartermaster in the Army of the
United States.
Be it enacted, by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby authorized to allow and pay
to Mrs. Margaret Hetzel, administratrix on the
estate of the late A. R. Hetzel, late Assistant Quar-
termaster in the Army of the United States, the
sum of twelve thousand nine hundred and eighty-
eight dollars and seventy-four cents, being the
amount claimed by him, m the account rendered
by him, for a part of the third quarter of the year
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and whifJi was
disallowed at the Treasury, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
[No. 52.]—An Act for the Relief of Mrs. Mary A.
Davis, Widow of Daniel W. Davis.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to Mrs. Mary A. Davis, widow of the late
Daniel W. Davis, the sum of two hundred and
fifty-four dollars, being the amount paid by her
to employ a substitute for her late husband during
his illness, and while he was a clerk in the Pay-
master's Department.
Approved, August 30, 1852.
[No. 53.]—An Act for the Relief of Z. F. Johnson.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby directed to
audit the accounts of Commander Z. P. Johnson,
of the United States Navy, for the necessary and
proper personal expenses incurred by him at San
Francisco, California, while awaiting duty, under
orders, and compelled to live on shore, between
the twentieth day of November, eighteen hundred
and forty-eight, and the twenty-first day of April,
eighteen hundred and forty-nine, and pay the same
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Approved, August 31, 1852.
RESOLUTIONS.
[No. 1.]—A Rcsohdioil for the of Elizabeth
Prewitt, Widow -wtift Executrix of Robert C. Prew-
ill, deceased.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby authorized and directed, out of the
funds arising from post offices, to pay to Elizabeth
Prewitt, widow of Robert C. Prewitt, deceased,
late of Missouri, one hundred and twenty-four
dollars, in fuil discharge and payment for services
rendered in transporting the mail on route No.
four thousand seven hundred and twenty-one,
(4721,) from Auburn to Ashley, in Missouri,
from the first of July, one thousand eight hundred
and forty-six, to the first of July, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty.
Approved, March 19, 1852.
[No. 2.]—A Resolution granting the Right of Way to
the Fayelteville and Central Plank-road.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the right of way, not exceeding
forty feet in width, through the public land of the
United States, at Fayetteville, North Carolina,
(which is at present not improved,) be, and the
same is hereby granted to the Fayetteville and
Central Plank-road: Provided, That in the opinion
of the President of the United States, said grant
be not injurious to the public interests: And pro-
vided further, That if the said road be not com-
pleted in two years, or if at any time after its
completion the said road be discontinued or
abandoned, the grant hereby made shall cease and
determine.
Approved, May 13, 1852.
[No. 3.]—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secretary
of the Treasury to ratify and confirm an Exchange
of Lands between the United States and Charles
Reynolds, of the City of Natchez, and Stale of Mis-
sissippi.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby authorized and empowered t®
ratify and confirm the exchange of lands made for
the erection of a marine hospital, in the city of
Natchez and State of Mississippi, on the eighth
day of February, Anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty, between Lieutenant Colonel S. H. Long,
on behalf of the United States, and Charles Rey-
nolds, of the city of Natchez and State aforesaid,
and to give and receive deeds to and from the said
Charles Reynolds for the lands so given and re-
ceived in exchange.
Approved, June 10, 1852.
[No. 4.]—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Elizabeth.
P. Thurston, of the Territory of Oregon.
Whereas, Samuel R.Thurston, now deceased,
late a Delegate in Congress from the Territory of
Oregon, did, during the period of his official term
as such Delegate, frank to Linn City, in said
Territory, to the address of himself and wife
sundry books and documents; and whereas the
acting Deputy Postmaster'at Eftnr City "aforesaid,
has refused to deliver up to Elizabeth F., widow
of said Samuel R. Thurston, deceased, the said
books and documents, under the allegation that the
same were improperly franked, and demanding the
payment of postage thereon as a condition prece-
dent to their delivery; therefore be it
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and he
is hereby directed to cause the Acting Deputy-
Postmaster at Linn City, in the Territory of
Oregon, to deliver up to Elizabeth F. Thurston,
widow of said Samuel F. Thurston, deceased, all
such books and documents so withheld as afore-
said, franked by, and belonging to the said Sam-
uel R. Thurston without post office or other
charges thereon.
Approved, July 17, 1852.
160
