770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
to transact the public business, the House did con-
fine itself literally to the rule, because it found it
utterly impossible to debate the real qupstion under
consideration if it did not so confine itself. It will
be impossible hereafter to debate any matter of
public business whatsoever, unless upon some bill
like this the House will confine itself within its
rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This question is
not debatable.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable; but if the gentleman from New York
wishes to get the sense of the committee, he can
take an appeal from the decision ol the Chan*.
Mr. BROOKS. I feel it my duty, from the
j imperious necessity of transacting the public busi-
i ness, to take an appeal.
i Mr. EVANS. 1 am perfectly aware that the
J Chair has decided in conformity with what lias
i latterly been the practice of the House.
1 Mr. JONES. It is not in order to debate the j|
! appeal. I,
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mary- I'
The
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Meade in the chair.)
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
from Pennsylvania, that I have had at least a
dozen applications from gentlemen having similar
requests to prefer to the House. The gentleman
knows the very great difficulty I have had m ar-
rivino- at the point which I have now reached, and
I hope, therefore, he will withdraw his request,
and let us go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and take up the deficiency
blMr. ALLISON. Very well, sir. I will not
press my request.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a similar request
to make; but, under the circumstances, I will with-
hold it.
Mr. ORR. I was desirous of making a report
or two from the Committee on Public Lands, but
I have no objection to withhold them. j
Mr. COBB. I have no objection to the mo- j
tion of my colleague, if it is understood that, as a i
matter of course, the deficiency bill will come up ^
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the j
Union. i
Mr HOUSTON. It is by universal consent ■
agreed, I believe, that the deficiency bill should be ji land is out of order m debating tins question
i Win " I; Chair will state the question. The gentleman from I
aMr COBB Very well, sir. Then I have no i! New York [Mr. Brooks] raises the point of order
objection to my colleague's motion. I, that the gentlemen from Georgia and Virginia are
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's j out of order in debating any other proposition than
* ' • 1 ''the deficiency bill, now before tne committee.
I The Chair has decided the gentlemen from Geor-
' gia and Virginia to be in order, m conformity with
1 the practice heretofore observed by the committee.
! From that decision the gentleman from New York
rt appeals, and the question now is, "Shall the de-
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the committee j< cision Qf the Chair stand as the judgment of the
proceeded to consider House bill No. 207, " to jj committer?"
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for the
service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1852."
Mr. HILLYER obtained the floor and said:
Mr. Chairman, 1 desire to call the attention of the
committee to a remark made by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. McMullin,] some weoksa£0,m re-
ply to the gentleman from i^Joritiii, [Mr. Cabcll,]
in which the honorable gentleman from Virginia
took occasion to say of the Union party of Geor-
gia, that it was composed of factions of all parties,
and he s<nv proper to apply to that honorable and
patriotic association, the term '• piebald.5'
Mr. McMULLIN, (interrupting.) I did use
the word attributed to me by the honorable gentle-
man, but I used it under the excitement of the mo-
ment. I intended nothing disrespectful to that
party; for the gentleman is, perhaps, not aware
that I acted ana cooperated with it during the last
Congress.
But, sir, with the permission of the gentleman
from Georgia, I will make one further remark, for
I do not expect to trespass upon the House again.
I did feel somewhat sensitive upon the subject of
the Union party 
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a point of order. If
the House chooses to permit this latitude of debate
to the delay of the public business, so be it; but I
feel it my duty to make the point of order. I ask
for the readme: of the 31st rule.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would inquire of the
gentleman from New York, whether he makes his
point of order on the gentleman from Georgia or
on myself?
Mr. BROOKS. On both of you.
The Clerk then read the 31st rule, as follows:
" Wnen any member is about to sppak in debate, or de-
liver any matter to the Hou^c. he shall use from his seat,
jmrt le-pectt'iilly addict himself to < Mi. Speaker;' and shall
confine himself to the question under debate, and avoid
perpoaalit)."
Mr. BROOKS. Now, with the greatest respect
for both of the gentlemen opposite, but from the
impeuous necessity of transacting the public busi-
ness,! make this point of order, that in a debate
on the deficiency bill, it is not in order to discuss
matters relative to party.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that the
rule, construed literally, would preclude the re-
marks of the gentlemen from Georgia and Vir-
ginia; but under the uniform practice of the House,
the Chair cannot now undertake to rule them out
! Mr. EVANS. I respectfully call the attention
j of the Chair to the note to the second rule, and
also to the 35th rule. I think if the Chair con-
! suits those rules, he will not decide me to be out of
i order in debating this appeal.
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is out of
I order, in the opinion of the Chair. He can take
i an appeal from that decision, if he desiies it.
: Mr. EVANS., I cannot take an appeal, for
i there is one already pending.
! Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from New
i York has taken an appeal from the decision of the
Chair; does the Chair decide that that appeal is
not debatable? It seems to me that if there are
any cases in which appeals are debatable, this is
clearly one of them.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the appeal is not debatable. Is an appeal taken
from that decision?
Mr. HOUSTON. You cannot pile appeal on
appeal.
Mr. BROOKS. I must ask for tellers on my
appeal.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Chandler
and Beale appointed.
The question was then taken, " Shall the deci-
sion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee?" and it was decided "in the affirmative—
ayes 79, noes 42.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained, and
the remarks of the gentlemen from Georgia and
Virginia were ruled to be in order.
Mr. HILLYERresumed his remarks. He had
no objection to excuse the gentleman from Vir-
ginia; but the same principles and opinions had
been avowed by others with reference to the Union
party of Georgia. He was proud to say this day,
on this floor,"that, instead of being composed of
factions of all parties, from the mountains to the
seaboard, and all along the line, there is not in it
one Abolitionist, not one Free-soiler, not one man
for a tariff for protection, and, so far as he knew
and believed, there was not one bank man, not
one internal improvement man; but all within that
mighty host are for a strict construction of the
Constitution, and for the sovereign rights of the
States.
He then vindicated the Union party of Georgia,
showing the causes which led to its formation,
which was from necessity, founded m patriotism,
and under circumstances beyond their control; and
of order; and therefore rules the gentleman to be !' towards the conclusion of his remarks, he favored
in order. ^ | sending of delegates to the Baltimore Conven-
Mr. BROOKS. With the permission of the tion, conceiving that the principles of the Demo-
Chair, I will remark that I am well aware the Chair j cratic party are cojvil with those on which our
has decided according to the practice of the House j, Government is established.
this session; but during the last Congress, in three *i Mr. GIDDINGS next addressed the committee
pr four cases, when it was imperiously necessary s against the fugitive alave law, slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbiaand the Territories, and the coast-
wise slave trade. Thosecwho sustain the compro-
mise, he maintained, vote to continue the slave
trade; and as to a fugitive slave, the people in the
States are no more bound to seize and deliver him
to the person claiming to be his owner, than they
are to deliver up a runaway horse in the streets.
He denied the constitutional right to the Federal
Government to legislate for the maintenance of
slavery. The curses, and blessings if there be
any, of it, belong to the Southland with which
the North wish to have nothing to do, and should
not be required to sustain the burdens in connec-
tion with it.
Mr. JACKSON next obtained the floor. He
defended his own course and the State-Rights party
of the State of Georgia, one of whose representa-
tives, he said, he had the honor to be. If thepeo-
ple who sent him to Congress are disunionists, the
inference is that he had forgotton his duty to his
country, and is a disunionist; but in his political
course of twenty years he had never felt the first
desire to see the Union of his country dissolved.
Although a Union man, according to a strict con-
struction of the Constitution, he had always been
a Democrat; and he would permitno constitutional
Union man, or Southern man to cut him ofFfrom
his connection with the Democratic party.
[These speeches will be found,in the Appendix.}
Mr. APPLETON, of Maine, here obtained the
floor, but yielded to
Mr. ORR, who moved that the committee rise;
which motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, the chairman of the
committee reported that the Committee of the
"Whole on the state of the Union had had the
Union generally under consideration, and particu-
larly House bill No. 207, and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
PROPOSITION TO CLOSE DEBATE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to offer to the House
a resolution to terminate debate upon the bill which
has been under discussion to-day. It must be evi-
dent to the House that all of the debate which is
pertinent to the propositions contained in this hill
must be had under thefive-minutesrule, or else we
must change the mode of speaking. Not a word,
not an allusion has been made to-day to the bill
under consideration. I propose, therefore, a reso-
lution terminating debate on it to-morrow at four
i o'clock; and on Thursday we can carry on the
j five minutes debate, and finish up the speaking.
! Mr. EVANS. I do not intend to object to this
resolution, but I do trust that upon a bill of such
importance gentlemen of the House will see the
necessity of its being debated.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen must be aware
that this is not a debatable question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to suggest to my
friend from Maryland [Mr. Evans] the fact that
we shall have no debate upon the merits of the
bill, in all probability, until we have the. five-min-
utes rule, and I want to get to the debate upon it
in that way. These speeches have no relation to
the bill whatever, or to its provisions.
Mr. EVANS. It is true, as the gentleman
states, that the debate here has been upon every-
thing inappropriate to the subject under considera-
tion, and I think that it is a warning to the House
to enforce its rules.
Mr. HOUSTON. We have tried that.
Mr. EVANS. I do not wish to speak against,
the wishes of the House, and if it is the sense of
the House that I shall not say anything I will sit
down.
Mr. ORR. I wish to make a modification of
the resolution.
Mr. EVANS. I will give you an opportu-
nity.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. EVANS. I am proceeding by unanimous
consent, if not I will take my seat.
Mr, KING, of New York. If the gentleman
is asking that the rules be enforced, I hope he will
observe them himself. I object to the discussion.
Mr. POLK. Is it proper to ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means a question ?
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. POLK. T merely wish to ask him the
amount of the deficiency which this bill proposes
to appropriate.
