1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
Mr. HOUSTON. It is about $3,000,000.
Mr. POLK. Then I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, if he desires this
House to consider, under the five-minutes rule, a
proposition appropriating" $3,GOO,000?
Mr. HOUSTON. I will reply to the gentle-^
man from Tennessee. I suppose the House will
allow me to do so. If any legitimate debate had
been proposed upon this bill, I should not have
asked u termination of it. As long-as gentlemen
should legitimately debate the provisions of the
bill, I would not propose to stop it. The gentle-
man talks of five minutes. That is the only legit-
imate debate that I expect to have, and I want as
much time to appropriate to five minutes debate as
possible.
Mr. POLK. I hope that the House will indulge
me a moment.
Mr. STUART. I cannot, and I object.
The SPEAKER. Debate cannot be had, ex-
cept by unanimous consent.
Mr. POLK. I wish to ask another question.
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend, by striking out-
"four o'clock," and insert " Saturday, at three
o'clock."
Mr. EVANS. I move to amend the amend-
ment, so as to provide that all debate not upon the
merits of the question, after to-morrow at two
o'clock, shall be out of order. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLEVELAND. I move the House ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
"So the House adjourned until to-morrow at
fcwehe o'clock.
Indiana, praying extra compensation for taking the Sevejith
Census.
By Mr. TUCK: Tile memorial of Ichahod Goodwin,
James IV. Tarlton, and others, of Portsmouth, New Hamp-
shire, in favor of granting aid to the Coilins's line of steam-
ships.
By Mr. JONES, of New York: The memorial of 107
citizens of Onondaga and State of New York, ujidnibt the
extension of the Woodworth patent for planing hoards. See
By Mr. GOODENOW: The petition of Samuel Odiorne
and others, inhabitants of Kittery, Yoik county, Maine, and
residents on an inland in Fis-eataqxm liver, pra> ing for leave
to connect a bridge from their inland with Navy-yard Island,
and tor a ught of way across Nflvy-yard Island.
Also, the" petition of Murk Dennett and 92 others, in aid
of the <amp.
By Mr. McNAfR: Eleven petitions of the Democratic
citizens of Montgomery county, in the State of Pennsyl-
vania, praying a modification of the tariffon iron.
Also, the petition of Isaac Lane and 50 others, citizens
of Delaware county, in the State of Pennsylvania, pra\ ing
the extension of the Woodworth patent for planing boards,
See.
By Mr. BABCOCK : The petition of 204 citizens of Os-
wego, New York, for a marine hospital at the port of
Oswego.
NOTICE OF A DILL.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to bring i n a
bill granting to the State ot Pennsylvania 1,000,000 acres of
the public lands to aid in the construction of the Pittsburg,
Kmanning, and Warien railroad.
PETITIONS, &r.
The following petitions, memorials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees :
By Mr. CURTIS: The petition of Benjamin Betford, an
assistant marshal in Erie county, Pennsylvania, praying
for extra compensation in taking the ceii&ns.
A.l*o, a petition of like import of Wm. Campbell, assist-
ant marshal of Jefferson county, Pennsylvania.
By Mr. AVERETT: The petition of citizens o( Ilenry
county. Virginia, aaainst the extension of the Woodworth
patent for planing boards, &c.
Bv Mr. ASHE : Papers in relation to the claim of Lieu-
tenant Edward Cantwell, for property lost dining the war
with Mexico.
Bv Mi. GORMAN : The memorial of assistant marshals
of Morgan county, in the State of Indiana, praying addi-
tional compensation for taking the census.
Also, the petition of inhabitants of the town of Lawrence-
burg, in the State of Tndiana, praying the enactment of a
iaw= for the oigamzation ot companies of military colonists,
to be settled in the western territories for the protection of ;
the inhabitants against Indian agressions. j
Also, additional papers in relation to the claim of James j
\V. Carter against the Po-l Office Department.
By Mr JENKINS: The petition of the inhabitants of j
the citv of Utica, New York, for the speedy passage of a j
law to protect American inventors. '
By Mr. SCCIOONMAKER : The petition and aecompa- ,
nymo- papers of the heirn ot Captain Frederick Schoon- i
maker, of New York, for the payment of their claim as ,
such lieir-5 against the Ignited States for moneys paid and j
services rendeied m the war of the Revolution
By Mr. LANDRY : The memorial of the New Oilcans
Seamen's Home Association.
Aho, the petition uf citizens of New Oileans, creditors of
the late Republic of Texas.
t Also, the memorial of Augustus S. Phelps, of Louisiana,
administrator of the estate of Albert G. Phelps, praying
Consul for relief.
By Mr. DOTY : The memorial of the Legislature of v\ is-
consin in favor of a mail route from W aukesha to f ond du
Lac. , , ...
By Mr. ROWNE: The petition of Frederick Moms,
Wm. M. Muehmore, and Francis B. Spmola, a committee
on the part of the Common Council of Brooklyn, New i ork,
praying the l.'lease of Smith O'Brien and his companions
in exile. . , . T
By Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania: Resolutions of the Le-
gislatme of Pennsylvania m relation to the release of ©until
O'Brien and hij-as-oojates.
Also, i evolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylvania rec-
ommending a navv-vard, depot, and dry dock on tae lakes.
By Mr McMCLLIN: The meinoual of John J. IA inn,
assistant mar-hal of Albonmle county, 111 the State of \ ir-
gnna, praving additional compensation for taking the cen-
sus.
By Mi. CHUItCIIWELL : The petition of P. M. Pryoi,
assistant marshal lor Franklin county. Tennessee, piaying
extra roinpi'ii^ntion for taking the Seventh rensus.
By Mr, iiliOWX. ot Mississippi: Tlie petition of Mo-
netted Cinu, of Ml-.i —ipui. pnivtrni compensation tor
surviving (lone by tlieni for the United States 111 tlie year
1841. jo
Bv Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. The petition of J.ued L.
Josceljn, United Stains asentant roar.hal for Floyd oounty,
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 17, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
new senators.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President, I have been re-
quested to present the credentials of the lion, i
John B. Welldr, elected a Senator of the United j
States from the State of California.
The credentials were rend. j
] Mr. McRAE. 1 ask leave to present to the j
i Senate the credentials of the honorable Stephen |
i Adams, recently elected by the Legislature of the !
State of Mississippi to fill the vacancy occasioned ;
bytheresignationofthehonoiableJefierson Davis, I
I which has been for a short time humbly filled by j
i myself. I presenting these credentials, I take my
! leave of you, Mr. President, and of the Senate, i
! with the most cordial good feeling towards all the i
Senators, for the uniform courtesy and kindness j
they have shown to me, from the time I took my j
seat here until the present moment. !
The credentials were read, and the honorable!
j Messrs. Wf.ller and Adams came forward; and |
| the oath prescribed by law having been adminis- j
I tered to them, they took their seats. j
! legislation of oregon.
! The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
j ate copies of the Journal and acts of the Legislative
Assembly of Oregon, of the second session thereof,
begun and held at Oregon City, December 2,1850, |
transmitted to him by the Secretary of that Terri-
! tory, in obedience to law; which were ordered to i
: be referred to the Committee on Territories. i
j relief op americans abroad. j
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has received a !
i memorial from Mr. John Randolph Clay, our ;
II Charge d'JIfflitres at Lima, setting forth that there ;
' are numerous American citizens thrown upon the j
: shores of that country in very destitute ciicum- ;
' stances. He states that the Consul of the United
| States there and himself have exhausted all their
I means in endeavoring to relieve these unfortunate
i men. There is no provision of Congress for it.
'■ The only act of Congress on the subject relates to
ii seamen, and provides that when they shall be in
j destitute circumstances abroad, they shall be re-
>1 lieved and sent home by the consuls of the United
I States. The memorialist asks that some provis-
i! ion may be made by which these destitute men
! may be furnished with bread, which they are un-
| able to obtain in a foreign land. j
j Mr. HAMLIN. This memorial, it seems to :
jj me, involves a question somewhat of a commer-
j{ cial character. It also has some connection with ,
!I our consular system. It might, perhaps, appro- >
I) priately be referred to the Committee on Com-
jl merce; but I am inclined to think it has a more !
j! intimate connection with our foreign relations,
II and therefore move that it be referred to the Com-
ir mitte on Foreign Relations. I
I i The motion was agreed to. |
'! petitions, etc.
: Mr. BADGER presented the memorial of Rhoda
i, McRac, praying the appointment of a tribunal to
' review the decisions of the late Board of Commis-
'i sioners for the settlement of claims of American
citizens against Mexico; which was referred to
|! the select committee appointed on that subject. 1
II Mr. SOULE. I am requested to present to ;
the Senate the petition of A. Boyd, praying the
reimbursement of certain expenses incurred by
him in taking the census in the parish of Iberville,
Louisiana. In presenting this petition, I wish to
say, that this individual performed the duty of
taking the census under the most trying circum-
stances. The parish in which he had to exercise
his jurisdiction was overflowed by the Mississip-
pi, and, in consequence of that, he had to incur
expenses which were not contemplated when he
was appointed. He now applies to Congress in
order to be compensated for those expenses. I
recommend the petition to the serious attention of
J the Committee of Claims, to which 1 move that it
be referred.
( It was so referred
\ Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition of mer-
chants and other citizens of Savannah, Georgia,
praving that further aid may be extended to Coi-
lins's line of steam-ships; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the petition of Edward Milton, late a ser-
geant in the Army, praying an increase of pension,
which was refeired to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, a memorial ofofficers ofthearmy stationed
at Fort Monroe, Virginia, praying that the quar-
ters of officers at the permanent military posts may
be furnished; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of the widow of John Bal-
ster, who was killed at Charleston arsenal while
in the discharge of his duty; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. NORRIS presented a petition of citizens of
Hinsdale, New Hampshire, remonstrating against
the further extension of Woodworth's patent for
a planing machine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Emily H. I'lummer, widow of Samuel M. Plum-
mer, late an officer in the Army, praying a pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Also, ten petitions of citizens of Montgomery
county, Pennsylvania, praying a modification of
the tariff; and a petition of iron workers of Nor-
ristown, Pennsylvania, praying an increase of the
duties on iron; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Also, a petition of citizens of Middletown, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against the further exten-
sion of Woodworth's patent for a planing machine;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. BORLAND. I present the memorial of
Lieutenant Raphael Semrnes, of the Navy, pray-
ing an extra allowance, at the rate of ^700 a year,
for services in the Coast Survey. In presenting
it, I think it proper to state what is the ground of
the application. A survey of the coast between
Appalachicola Bay and the Mississippi river was
ordered a few years ago, and Lieutenant Powell,
of the Navy, was directed to make it. Before
Lieutenant Powell had completed the survey, he
was superseded by Lieutenant Semmes, who com-
pleted it. Lieutenant Powell applied to the De-
partment for the usual extra allowance as com-
mander of the expedition. The Department being
unable to pay it, for want of authority, applica-
tion was made to Congress, and an appropriation
of money ($10,000) was voted to pay all those
extra and incidental expenses. The appropriation
was in part expended in the payment of Lieuten-
ant Powell and the men under his command.
After Lieutenant Semmes had completed the sur-
vey, he also made application upon the ground
upon which his predecessor had been paid. He was
informed that the appropriation which was made
exceeded the amount which Lieutenant Powell and
those associated with him had claimed, but that
| the surplus had been transferred to another fund,
called, I believe, the surplus fund; and hence he
! could not be paid, as a specific appropriation for
1 that purpose was not then at the disposal of the
i Government. But the Fourth Auditor, who exam-
1 ined the claim of Lieutenant Semmes, states to
i him, in a letter, which I present along with the
i memorial, that the claim stands on precisely the
! same principles as that of Lieutenant Powell,
■ which has already been paid; anil that Lieutenant
Semmes would have been paid but for the transfer
! being made prior to the application. He comes
i forward now and asks Congress to make him an
i appropriation to cover his claim, which rests on
