1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1683
*xrided, That the State of Virginia shall, by a
4 proper act of the Legislature thereof, relinquish
'all claim to the lands of the Virginia military
4 land district in the State of Ohio," reserving the
question of the cession to the State of Ohio, i will
agree to it. I am afraid that his amendment, as
it now stapds, will endanger the bill in the House
of Representatives, and I am sure he does not de-
sire that.
Mr. CHASE. Certainly not.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope he will modify his
amendment by striking out all that occurs after
what 1 have read, which will provide for the re-
linquishment by the State of Virginia of her right
and title to those lands.
Mr. CHASE. 1 would very much desire to
accommodate the Senator, but there is no earthly
reason that I can see, why there should be any
objection to the cession to the State of Ohio. If
my proposing it would endanger the bill of the
Senator here or elsewhere, I should be very un-
willing to ingraft it upon it; but the utmost effect
would be, that, if the House were not prepared to
agree .to the amendment, they would strike it out.
I prefer to take a vote upon my amendment as it
stands.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio, by striking out
all after the word " Ohio/5 where it first occurs.
The PRESt DING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion, that the motion is not in order. The
amendment proposed by the Senator from Ohio,
is an amendment to an amendment, and therefore,
in the opinion of the Chair, it cannot, at this stage
of the bill, be amended; so that the question will
be upon the amendment as proposed by the Sena-
tor from Ohio.
Mr. FELCH. I hope the Senator will consent
to withdraw his amendment. I will state another
reason, in addition to what I have already stated.
There is probably no portion ofihe country where
the land titles acquired by these bounties are so
complicated, and give rise to so many difficult
questions, as in this same tract of country reserved
for the purpose of these bounty land warrants.
The passage of the other act to which I have
alluded, refers directly to the litigation which has
grown up in regard to these. The whole tract of
land was set aside to satisfy the warrants; and
every man located as he pleased, gave such shap.e
to his premises as he pleased, and made his own
surveys and lines. The consequence is, that the
shapes are very irregular; and frequently conflict-
ing claims overlap each other, and sometimes do
not meet at all, so as to leavegom* between them.
Mr. CHASE. If the Senator will allow me to
interrupt him—I am exceedingly averse to delay-
ing the action of the Senate on the bill, and I will
therefore modify my amendment in conformity
with the suggestion of the Senator from Virginia,
to strike out all after the word " Ohio," where it
first occurs.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment as modified, and it was agreed to;
and the amendment of the committee as amended
was agreed to. The bill was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended; the amendment was concurred
in; and the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
THIRD READING OF A BILL.
The engrossed bill to establish the subdivision- jj
al lines and corners of certain fractional sections ji
in the southern surveying district of Alabama was d
read a third time and passed. |j
POST ROUTES. \'<
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The House of ji
Representatives has returned, with an amendment, |
the joint resolution of the Senate to establish cer- tj
tain post routes. !;
Mr. RUSK. This is not the general post route j;
bill. It is simply djoint resolution, providing that ,j
pUnk roads shall be post roads. The amendment |j
of the House is simply to make a particular plank j'
road, which was not named in the resolution ori- ,,
ginally, a post road. I move that the Senate con- j
cur in the amendment of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. BORLAND. I ask the favor of the Sen-
ate, as the time for taking up the bill which is the
order of the day has not quite arrived, to take up j
the bill granting to the State of Aikansas the right!
of way and a portion of the public lands, to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Gaines's
Landing to Fulton, in said State. It is a bill
which will not give rise to anv discussion, as it is
precisely like similar bills which have heretofore
passed the Senate.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. A verbal amendment having been made,
it was reported to the Senate, and ordeied to be
engrossed for a third reading.
FRANCIS TRIBOU.
On the motion of Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill of the House entitled "An act
for the relief of Francis Tribou." It provides
for placing the name of Francis Tribou, of Mon-
roe, in the county of Waldo, in the State of Maine,
on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of
four dollars per month—the pension to commence
on January 1st, 1848, and to continue during his
natural life.
Mr. HAMLIN. This bill has passed the
House of Representatives. It has received the
sanction of the Committee on Pensions in this
body. I apprehend there will he no objection to
it; but I will not occupy the time of the Senate by
discussing it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
JOHN DUFF.
On the motion of Mr. BRODHEAD, the Sen-
ate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill for the lehef of John Duff. It
proposes to direct the Secretary of the Navy to
cause to be discontinued the suit brought against
John Gonder, Jr., and John Duff, in the district
court of the United States for the eastern district
of Pennsylvania, for an alleged violation of the
contract made by him on the 20th of June, 3846,
to furnish stone for the dry-dock at the Brooklyn
navy-yard.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN XOWA.
On the motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the
Senate proceeded to consider, as in Committee of
the Whole, the bill to regulate the terms of the
district court of the United States for the district
of Iowa. It provides that, instead of three terms
annually of the district court of the United States
for the districtof Iowa, as now prescribed by law,
there shall hereafter be held annually six terms of
s.iid court, as follows: At Dubuque, on the first ;
Mondays of January and July; at Iowa City, on 1
the first Mondays of May and October; and at
Burlington on the third Mondays in May and Oc- I
tober. It proceeds to make other provisions, ren- ,
dered necessary by these changes in the terms of ;
the court. |
The bill was reported to the Senate without [
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a ,
third reading. j
HEIRS OF ROBERT SEWALL. j
On the motion of Mr. PRATT, the Senate pro- j
ceeded to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, :
the bill for the relief of the heirs and representa- j
tives of the late Robert Sewall. \
It proposes to direct the Third Auditor of the j
Treasuiy to audit the claim of the heirs and rep- 1
resentatives of the late Robert Sewall, and deter- !
mine the amount that may be due to them; that he ,
report the said amount to the Secretary of the j
Treasury, who is requued to cause the same to oe j
paid. . '
Mr. PRATT. I move to amend the bill by m- ;
selling after the words " Robert Sewall," the !
words "for a house, destroyed in 1814 by the |
enemy." , ;
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re- ,
ported to the Senate as amended; the amendment !
was concurred in, and the bill was ordered to be ,
engrossed for a third reading.
ICHABOD WEYMOUTH. j
On the motion of Mr. HAMLTN, the Senate ;
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con- [
sider the House bill entitled " An act for the relief |
of Ichabod Weymouth." 1
It provides that the Secretary of the Interior
place the name of Ichabod Weymouth upon the
roll of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month—to commence January i, 1850,
and to continue during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
PROTECTION OF EMIGRANTS TO OREGON
AND CALIFORNIA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the bill reported
from the Committee on the Territories, "for the
' protection of the emigrant route, and a telegraphic
' line, and for an overland mail between the Mis-
' soun river and the settlements in California and
( Oiegon." This bill was reported from the Com-
mittee otf the Territories some time.since, and it is
veiy necessary that the protection should be fur-
nished. I hope the Senate will proceed to the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. RUSK. This is a most important bill. It
should involve a great deal of consideration and
reflection, and will consume more time than we
can^)ssibly be able to give to it to-day. There
is a bill in relation to the protection of life in
steamboats, which was nearly completed yester-
day, which was ordered to be printed asamended.
The printing has not yet been quite done, but I
understand that the bill will be here m a few min-
utes. Theiefore I think it will be impossible for
us to make much progress to day wnh the bill
mentioned by th£ Senator from Illinois. It is a
bill of very great importance, and one which will
evidently lequire a good deal of time, and which
will, perhaps, draw out a great deal of discus-
sion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If the Senate will fix a spe-
cific time—say Tuesday next—for the consider-
ation of the bill, with the understanding that we
shall then lake it upand go on with it, 1 shall have
no objection to waiving it now. This, it is true,
is a \ery important bill, but it is"very important
that it should be acted on. The business of the
Territories has been giving way to every other
description of business, until it is thrown into .this
late part of the session. If it is the desire of the
Senate to postpone the bill till Tuesday morning
at one o'clock, and make it the special order for
that time, T will yield.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senator will not press
anything that will come in the way of the bill
which is the unfinished business of yesterday,
providing for the better security of the lives of
passengers on board steamers. I expect the
printed bill every moment to be laid on the tables
of Senatois, and I wish to proceed with it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I move that the bill I
have indicated be made thespecial order for Tues-
day next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
not yet ^een taken up.
Mr. RUSK. 1 am afraid that if we make this
bill a spccial order, it will draw out a great deal
of discussion. There are a great many bills which
Senators are anxious to get up. 1 have no objec-
tion to taking up this bill as soon as we can; but
I would not have it made a special order. I know
there are other very important bills which ought
to be acted on; but if we make this bill a special
oider, it will stand in the way of other bills, and
will have to be postponed before other bills can be
taken up. It is too late in the session, in my
opinion, to make the bill a special order; and I
apprehend the Senator from Illinois will progress
more rapidly if he shall not press such a proposi-
tion, for I think there is a general disposition to
take up the bill and give it a fair discussion. It is
connected with one or two other bills which have
been presented, involving the same subject. So
far as I am concerned, i shall be willing to take it
up and discuss it as soon as possible; but I should
regret very much to see it or any other bill made
thespecial order, to exclude, in all probability,
the consideration of some other important bills.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It cannot exclude them un-
less thus bill is to be resisted, and leads to discus-
sion; and, if so, we ought to have a hearing on it.
I have been beseeching the Senate for more than
four months to take up a few territorial bills. I
first made the attempt before the territorial day in
the House elapsed, in April; but I could not get
a hearing on any of these bills. Every other de-
