1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
scription of bill could be taken up; but I could not
get the Senate to tolerate the idea of considering a
territorial bill. I have now pending ten or fifteen
territoriahbills which ought to he disposed of. All
other descriptions of bills—private bills and public
bills-^hdve been taken up, by unanimous consent
and by courtesy; but the moment a territorial bill
isJndicated, objection is made, not only to consid-
ering it on that day, but on any future day. It
seems as if there was a design, that this bill should
never be considered—should never be entercained.
If the Senate will indicate any time more agree-
able to them than that which 1 have named, I will
conform to their wish. But really, crowding it to
the last days of the session, and then objecting
to its consideration because it is too late, is not
the kind of treatment which I think this bill is en-
titled to receive. I hope the Senate will allow the
bill which I have named to be made the special
order for Tuesday next.
Mr. RUSK. I dislike to oppose the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Illinois; but I see that 11
will involve the consumption of a great deal of
time. This is an important bill in various respects.
It proposes a great alteration in regard to our mil-
itary affairs; it involves a large expendiflfe of
money; it is a proposition entirely new in its
character, and involves some very important ques-
tions; and it will necessarily connect itself with
another question—the construction of a load to
the Pacific ocean. If we make it the special or-
der of the day for a particular day, my own im-
pression is, that we shall get into a discussion
which will be interminable. I think the better
plan will be to take it up at some time, and then
dispose of it as soon as we can. I am very will-
ing to vote to take it up at any time when the Sen-
ate is in a condition to act upon it. I would be
willing to take it up to-day, and consume this dav
in its investigation, did T not feel so much anxiety
in relation to the bill which was under considera-
tion yesterday, and which was then partly com-
pleted.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not yet understand the
objection of the Senator from Texas. If the bill
is made the special order for Tuesday, it will take
up4io more time on that day than if it were not
made the special order.
Mr. RUSK. But if it should not be acted upon
on Tuesday it would come up a^am on Wednes-
day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. True; but if it should com e
up without being made the special order, it might
run through day after day, if gentlemen should
choose to oppose it. The tendency of the argu-
ment of the Senator from Texas is, that the bill
should never be considered by the Senate, because
it will occupy some time. Every bill which is
considered occupies some lime: arid it is not to be
supposed that tlus will be an exception to the gen-
eral rule. All I desire is, that the bill shall have a
fair hearing
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
would remind the Senator from Illinois, that the
question is on proceeding to the consideration of
trie bill, and not as to any particular disposition
of it. '
Mr. DOUGLAS. I was only replying to the
suggestions of the Senator from Texas, v.-ho gave
reasons why it should not be taken tro °
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from lllinoi <, to
postpone the previous orders and proceed to the
consideration of the bill named by him.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the Senator from
Illinois to say that he simply wished to assign a
future day for its consideration.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Tuesday next
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill must
up before "'al motion can be put.
The question being taken upon the motion to
take up the bill, it was agieed to.
Mr. DOUGLAS, i now move to postpnnet'ne
further consideration of thebilluntilTuesday next
and make it the special order for that dav.
Mr.RUblv. If we make it the special order for
Tuesday, I think I can see that it will involve«!> 
consumption of a great deal of time. This is a
bill which involves important princioles It has
not been investigated by ihe -Senate'. It will re-
quire a great deal of time to see the different bear-
ings of the bill. It is one which will involve a
very large expenditure of public money. All
these things will have to be considered by the Sen-
ale. If the bill is made the special order of the
i day for Tuesday next, it will then come up at one
o'clock, and will be discussed during the whole of
.that day; for I am i ery certain we shall not be
! able to got through with it then. As soon as one
■ o'clock arrives on Wednesday no other bill on
the Calendar can be taken up without a motion
! to postpone the special order, which will give rise
' to discussion. The result will be, in my opinion,
not to advance the bill an inch, but to give it a
preference which will bring about debate, and con-
I sume the time of the Senate at this last stage of
' the session. I hope, therefore, the Senate will
not agree to the proposition to make the bill a
; special order. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been read a first time, and has been ordered to a
second reading; and the Chair would suggest that
it would be better to read it a second time before
postponing it.
The bill was read a second time and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
, authorize the President of the United States to
raise, organize, and equip three regiments of vol-
; unteers, of ten companies to each regiment, and
one hundred men to each company, to serve for a
I period of three years, in guarding and protecting
the emigrant routes and telegraphic lmes, and of
conveying the mails between the Missouri river
< and the settlements in California and Oregon. It
| provides for the establishment, of a line of military
posts, ten in number, at convenient and suitable
] points on the route, garrisoned by a force of one -
hundred men at each; and that there shall be, in
addition to the military posts, station-houses at
i suitable places and distances, not exceeding twenty
miles apart, throughout the entire length of the
route, to be guarded and protected by at least
twenty men on a station. The posts and station-
houses are to be of a cheap and tempoiary chai-
acler, and yet strong enough for purposes of de-
i fense,and ofafTbrdmgthepiotection contemplated;
and they are to be erected by the volunteers, of
' materials to be obtained in the vicinity of the
route. It further proposes to make it the duty of
the volunteeis, under the direction of the President,
to keep the loads on the route in good traveling
condition, with sufficient bridges and femes across
the streams to carry the mails, and protect all
telegraphic lines, and persons employed in estab-
lishing- and erectingthem, and all emigrants, trav-
elers, settlers, and traders along the fine, and its
vicinity, from hostilities and depredations by the
Indians. The volunteers are to be required to
raise, gather, and preserve all the piovisions,
bread-stuffs, forage,and supplies of whatever kind,
which shall be necessary to sustain themselves and
their animals, without cost to the Government. I
: A further provision is made, that the colonels of',
the regiments shall be appointed by the President, •
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, 1
I' and that ail other officers of the lugiment, commis-
sioned and non-commissioned, shall be elected by
, the volunteers; that the volunteers shall beemolled
for three years; that the officers and men compos-
ing the regiments shall be entitled to tlie same pay
and emoluments as were allowed to the regiment
of mounted riflemen raised in 1846, for the protec- '
tion of the people of Oregon; and, in addition
thereto, shall be entitled, so soon as the military
posts and stations are established, to select, each
for himself, six hundred and forty acres of land
along the route, but not to include tracts upon
which the posts and stations shall be located, which
are reserved for public uses. It also pioooses to
grant to Henry O'Reilly the privilege of erectui"
telegraphic posts through the public domain, from
the Western frontier to California and Oieton.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, f have only
a word to say in reply to the suggestions of the
Senator from Texas. Every objection that he
makes to the consideration of this bill at the spe-
cific time proposed would apply to any other time.
Hence, it is an argument "against its ever beiii"
considered, instead of an argument against its
' being considered at the patticular time proposed'.
It isan important bill,! admit; but is important only
fortius reason: that we have 110 protection provided
for_ the emigrants, travelers, and traders, and the
mail-carriers between the western settlements and
the Pacific ocean; and murders, robberies, and all !'
sorts of aggressions are committed bythe Indians
upon our people, while they are passin°- through
! the Indian territory. Some protection is due, and
is necessary to those people. In 1846; Congress
! passed a law authorizing military posts to be es-
tablished, and a regiment to be raised, for the
11 purpose. The creation of that regiment was au-
l| thorized in general terms, and hence it has been
11 employed in other services, and these posts have
not been established.
| The only new principle introduced into this bill
!< is, that under it, volunteers are to be raised to go
|! and build these posts of the materials along the
1 line, and are to receive pay as soldiers while en-
gaged in it; but, at the same time, are to be re-
quired to raise their own provisions, both for
themselves and for their animals—to supply their
.! own animals and their own clothing—thus sus-
I; taining themselves; and at the end of three years'
1 service they are to receive six hundred and forty
acres of land along the line of the route, so as to
| form a military colony. Instead of involving a
large expenditure, it will reduce your expenses
I millions of dollars, provided you are going to fur-
q nish the protection due to those who may be com-
; pelled, in the course of business, to travel over
,| that line.
j The question is, Are you going to furnish any
!; protection? If you are, there are but two modes
!] of doing it—one by this military occupation re-
I quiiing the soldiers to supply themselves; and the
other by increasing the force of the regular Army.
1 I undertake to say that, in comparison with the
latter plan, the one proposed in this bill will di-
' mmish the expenses by millions of dollars yearly.
This, therefore, is a plan to reduce and diminish
1 the expenditures of the Government, instead of
; increasing them. But I do not desire to go into a
; discussion of the merits of the bill, and I will not
, do so. 1 only ask that it be considered.
I presented memorials upon this subject early
i in the sesssion. The bill was reported several
months ago. 1 have striven, over and over again,
l to get these territorial bills taken up, but I have
i been unable to get a hearing upon them; and now
it is objected to them that they are going to take
| too much time. The objection is made particu-
larly with regard to this bill. That objection will
increase with the lapse of each day of the session.
I wish to know whether the Senate intend to fur-
; nish any protection at all to settlers on the frontier,
1 and to emigrants going across the continent. If
they do intend to do so, the sooner we act the
better. This interferes with no other bill, and I
think it will not give rise to much discussion. I
have 110 speech to make upon it. I simply desire,
: when it shall come up, to explain any provision
which any Senator may desire to have explained.
, I do not believe it will take any considerable time
; to pass the bill.
i Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I do not mean to
enter into a discussion of the merits of the bill, but 1
think we ought to reflect a great deal before we
turn Congress into a sort of commander-in-chief
of the Army. There is m this bill a provision,
which will certainly give rise to a lengthy discus-
sion, granting special privileges to a particular in-
dividual for constructing a telegraphic line to the
Pacific ocean.
The difficulty I suggest is this: I see nothing in
this bill to give it a preference over all other bills
which are before the Senate, and the result of
making it the special order for Tuesday next, at
this late date day of the session, will be to give it
a preference over all other bills.
The honorable Senator says that the emigrants
on the route to California and Oregon are unpro-
tected. Sir, a large number of my constituents
are unprotected. The treaty between the.United
States and Mexico is violated every day by In-
dian depredations, and my people are unprotected.
A U these questions will come tip. And, sir, shall
we take up this bill proposing a new experiment—
one that has not entered into the policy of the
Government heretofore—and discuss it to the ex-
clusion of all other matters' When the bill comes
up 1 shall have much to say in regard to it. I
have seen soldiers, and I know something of their
character. When you turn them into farmers and
task them, and make them work, you will have
commenced a new kind of exercise in the Army; a
new sort of discipline. It will be an entire change
of the whole military system of the country.
To imagine that a bill of this description will
not draw out discussion, is, I think, presuming
a great deal. It involves a total change of our
whole military system. I am willing to protect
