1
INDEX TO THE LAWS.
Capitol—
an act makingappropriation to meetthe expenses
incurred in consequence of the fire at the... 1
joint resolution authorizing the continuance of
the work upon the two wings of the 43 ;
appropriation for the annual repair of the.. ,17 I
appropriation for the Capitol Grounds, and for |
police, laborers, &c 17 |
Caroline, of Barnstable, an act to authorize the
issuing of a register to the schooner..... .45
Carr, Dabney S., appropriation for certain diplo-
matic expenses of    .16
Cemetery near the city of Mexico, appropriation
for..   7, 18
Central Railroad. (See Settlers.)
Census Office. (See Clerks.)
Census. (See .Apportionment of Representatives.)
Charge d'affaires, to Denmark and Bolivia, outfits
for   7
to various countries 16
Charts, the wind and current,appropriation for.20
Chicago, Illinois, act authorizing the Mayor and
Common Council of, to excavate a portion of
the public reservation at that place, with the
view to the improvement of the navigation of
the Chicago river  .8
Chickasaw fund, an appropriation to make the,
good • 18
Chickasaw Indians, the defalcation of Captain R.
D. C. Collins made good to the 24
Choice, Cyrus, appropriation to pay 27
Choctaw claimants, appropriation for interest on
amounts awarded under the 14th article of
the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek... .6, 24
Cincinnati, appropriation for a custom-house at..7
Civil and diplomatic appropriation law 13
the third section of the, of 1847, revived 19
Claims, Indian, appropriations to pay certain..23,
24
Claims. (See Creek Indians.)
Claims, miscellaneous, appropriations to dis-
charge.  1,8
Claims of the seveial Stales for advances for the
services of their troops, &c 22
(See ./Veto Hampshire—Massachusetts—North Car-
olina—Michigan—Maine— Virginia—South Car-
olina— Georgia and Florida.)
Clay, Henry. (See Portrait.)
Clerks, temporary, in Third Auditor's office, ap-
propriation for compensation to, &c 5
extra, in the office of Auditor to Post Office
Department, appropriation for 5
in the office of the Surveyor General in Arkan-
sas, appropriation for G
extra, m the office of Commissioner of Pensions,
appropriation for   6
on extra duty in theCensusOffice,appropriation
to pay 7
temporary, in the Dead Letter Office, appropria-
tion for 7
both Houses of Congress, appropriation for. 13
in the Suite Department 13
in the Treasury Department   13
in the office of the Auditor of the Post Office
Department..  13
m the Department of the Inteiior, appropriations
foiv 14
in the War Depart mentand Us several bureaus,
appronnat ion for 14
in the Navy Department and its several bu-
reaus 14
in the Post Office Department, appropriations
for 15, 23
in the Mint of the United States, and branches,
appropriations for.   15
in the offices of the Surveyors General, appro-
priations foi 15
in the office of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings 17
appropriation for pay of the clerk to the Ser-
^erinf-nt-Arms 19
in the Pfife.it Office, increased pay to, and ap-
propriation for additional 19
increased pay to all the, in the Executive and
Legislative branches of the Government... 19
additions!, for the Post Office Department.. .19
employed in the Navy Yard amf Marine Bar-
racks at Washington to receive the extra
mmpensntion 21
in Indian Department, npproprimmn for 23
Clerks, Paymaster'?, thp ration of   22
Clerk, Chief, in th* office of the Assistant Treas-
ure! s of the United States, the compensation
of 20
Coal. (See Depot.)
Coast Survey, appropriations to continue the, &c.,
Cobb, Isaac, an act for the relief of .46
Collector at New Orleans authorized to appoint
additional gaugers, &c 19
Collector at Astoria, appropriation to pay the.. .8
Collection district, an act authorizing the Presi-
dent to designate the places for the ports of
entry and delivery for the collection districts
of Puget's Sound and Umpqua, in Oregon. .8
Collins line, additional appropriation to the 7
Commission for settling land claims in, appropri-
ation for the 18
Commission under the convention with Brazil,
resolution extending the time of the 43
Commissioner of Customs, appropriations for
office of   13
Commissioner of the General Land Office, appro-
priation for 14
duties of, defined under the laws creating new
land districts, &c., in Iowa and Wisconsin .8
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, appropriations
for   14
Commissioner of Pensions, appropriation for ex-
tra clerks in the office of. 6
appropriations for office of..      14
Commissioner of Public Buildings, to apply the
balance of unexpended appropriation to re-
pair of the Library to repair the room of the
clerk of the Supreme Court 8
appropriations for the office of 17
Commissions, postmasters', provisions in regard
to   .38
Compensation, no officer of the Government of a
certain salary to receive pay for holding two
offices   20
additional, allowed to clerks in all departments
in Washington. (See Clerks.)
extra, continued to the officers in California. .22
to postmasters 38
(See Registers and Receivers—Clerks—Collectors.)
Comptrollers, First and Second, appropriations
for the offices of. 13
Conant, Artemas, an act for the payment of arrears
of Pension to the guardian of 45
Congressional Globe and Appendix, appropria-
tion for 13, 18
joint resolution providing for the distribution of
the, free of postage   .44
Congressional Library. (See Library.)
Connecticut, appropriation for light-houses in. .30
Consul. (See Spanish.)
Consuls, American, appropriations to sustain
the.    .16
Contingent expenses, appropriations for—
the Third Auditor's office 5
the Indian Department 6
of the Library of Congress.  7
the Post Office Department 7, 23
the Senate 13
the House of Representatives   .13
the State Department 13
the Northeast Executive building 13
the Treasury Department   13
the Department of the Interior 14
the War Department and its several bureaus.] 4
the Nothwest Executive building 14
the building corner of P and 17th streets 14
the Navy Department, and several bureaus. .14
the Post, Office Department 15
the Independent Treasury   36
all banches of the naval service 20
all branches of the Army 21
i the fndinn Deportment 23
' Comracts forthe transportation of the mail in Cali-
! forninand Oregon, joint resolution to authorize
the Postmaster General to legalize certain. .43
; (See Treaties.)
' Convention between United States and Brazil, act
| amendatory of the act to carry into effect the .4
j resolution extending the time of the commission
1 under the 43
1 Coui ts of the United States, district, an act amend-
atory of the act to provide for holding of the,
1 in case of the sickness or other disability of
! the judges of the 2
| act to change the time for holding the, in Ala-
bama, &c.       4
act concerning the sessions of the, in the district
of Delaware   2
Supreme, circuit, and district, appropriation for
the expenses of. 7
(See Des Muines County, Iowa.)
Creek Indians, appropriations to pay certain claims
of ....  6, 24
Crimes in the District of Columbia, act amenda-
tory of the act for the punishment of 4
Cuban prisoners, an act for the relief of American
citizens lately imprisoned and pardoned by the
Queen of Spain 1
additional appropriation for 7
D.
Davis, Mrs. Mary A., the widow of Daniel W.
Davis, an act for the relief of  .47
Dead Letter Office, appropriation for clerks in.. .7
Deaf and Dumb. (See Kentucky Jlsylwn.)
Deficiencies in appropriations for the year ending
30th June, 1852   §
Deficiency law of 1852, fourth section repealed.. 19
Delaware. (See Courts.)
appropriations for light-houses in 30
Denmark. (See Charge)
Depot for coal at Key West, appropriation for a.7
Depredations upon "the mails, provisions for the
punishment of 37
De Russy, Gustavus A., late an acting purser in
the Navy, an act for the relief of 46
Des Moines county, Iowa, Secretary of the Inte-
rior to alio w to, certain judicial expenses.. 15
District of Columbia. (See Courts.)
act amendatory of the act for the punishment of
crimes in the -^4
Documentary History, appropriation for the third
volume of the fifth series of the 7
Documents, public. (See Binding )
Drawback. (See Duties on Imported Merchandise.)
Dry-Dock, at Brooklyn, appropriation for 5
at California, appropriation for and on account
of, and authority to use, for the repair of
merchant vessels .5, 21
suitable naval officer or engineer to superintend
the construction of the floating, in Califor-
nia    21
floating, at Philadelphia, appropriation to... .5
Duties, on imported merchandise, &c., not to be
paid on goods bonded for warehousing when
withdrawn for reexportation, on certainlroutes,
to Mexico     .11
on railroad iron, time extended to the Wilming-
ton and Manchester Railroad Company for
the payment of. 12
Dwinel, Rufus, an act for the relief of. 44
E.
Elliott, Jonathan, appropriation to indemnify..18
Entries of public land in Florida, act to legalize. .3
Envelopes, letter, Postmaster General to provide,
&c   33
Espy, Professor James P., salary of 20
Estimates of appropriation, appropriation for the
printing of the .7
Etiwan, an act to admit a vessel called the, to
registry 44
Everett, Edward, an act for the relief of 44
Excavation of a public reservation. (See Chicago-)
Executive Building, the Northeast, appropriation
for gas-pipes and fixtures around the 7
the Northeast, appropriations for the   .33
the Southeast, appropriations for the 13
the Northwest, appropriations for the 14
Winder's Building, appropriations for 14
Expenditures beyond actual estimate and appro-
priation prohibited 8
Exploring Expedition, appropriation for the con-
tinuation of the works of the 13
Exportation to Mexico of bonded goods, draw-
back on 11
Extra pay. (See Pay.)
F.
Fagnani, Guiseppe. (See Portrait of Henry Clay.)
Falls of St. Marv. (See Ship Canal.)
Fayet'eville and Central Plank Road, joint resolu-
tions granting the right of way to the. .43, 47
Ferguson, James, surviving partner of the firm of
Ferguson & Milhardo, an act for the relief
of 44
Fines and penalties for a violation of the Post
Office laws 38
Fire at the Capitol, expenses of. (See Capitol.)
Fletcher, Thomas, deceased, an act for the relief
of the executors and heirs of 46
Florida, an act to legalize entries of public lands
in   3
provision for the adjustment of the claims of,
for the service of her troops 22
appropriations for lislit-houses in 30
establishment of certain post routes in 36
