772
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
the same foundation with the claim of Lieutenant
Powell, which has already been paid. I ask that
the memorial and the letter of the Fourth Anditor
accompanying it, tje referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
They were so referred.
reports from standing committees.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to which was referred the petition of Fran-
cis B. Stockton, praying the return of a certain
sum paid byhim,submittedareport, accompanied
by a bill, for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. (IPHAM, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to which was referred the
petition of H. N. Denison, praying payment for
a draft, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. FELCIi, from the Committee on Public   _
Lands, to which was referred a memorial of the ji The bill, as proposed to be left by the committee
it were located by the original holder, the amount
was to be paid by the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will ask leave
to interrupt the honorable Senator. The Chair
finds, on inquiry, that the bill is in the possession
of the House of Representatives. The House
must, therefore, first act upon the report of the
committee of conference; and, until the bill is re-
turned from the House, there can be no action of
the Senate in regard to it.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the vote cannot be taken
at this time on the report, I suppose it will hardly
be necessary to explain the amendment. I move
that the report be printed, and that will, perhaps,
save me the necessity of making any explanation
of the matter when it comes up again.
Mr. BADGER. I trust that the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois will now give an explanation of
! the amendments.
Mr. SHIELDS. As it may save trouble on
' another occasion, I will state the purport now
Legislature of Alabama, in relation to extendin<
the time for selecting school lands, reported a bill
to extend the provisions of an act, approved Feb-
ruary 26, 1845, entitled " An act to amend an act
to carry into effect, in the States of Alabama and
Mississippi, the existing compacts with these
States, with regard to the five per cent, fund and
the school reservations; which was read and passed
to the second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to which
were referred documents relating to the claim of
John Newton,submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of citizens of Guthrie
county, Iowa, praying for a donation of land for
a county seat, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BPiADBURY, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which were referred the papers in
the case of Walter Colton, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Walter Colton; which was read
and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
assignability or land warrants.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the managers on the
part of the Senate, on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill, entitled '* An act to make
land warrants assignable,and for other purposes,"
reported that they have met the managers 011 the
part of the House, and after full and free confer-
ence, have agreed to recommend to their respective
Houses, to strike out the word " act," where it
first occurs in the third line of the first proviso
proposed to the first section of the bill by the
House, and insert, in lieu thereof the word laws.
Insert after the word '• located," in the said third
line of said first proviso, the woids. accarp'ing to
the legal subdivisions of the publ'c lands, and in one
body. And with these amendments, they recom-
mend that the Senate recede from their disagree-
ment to the amendments of the House to thi: fir t
section of the bill.
Strike out all after the word invrrants, in the
twelfth line of the second section, to the end of the
section. And with this amendment, they recom-
mend that the House recede from its amendment,
striking out all of said bill after the first section.
James Shields,
Alpiiecs Felch,
Truman Smith,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
George W. Jones,'
George Rriggs,
Graham N. Fitch,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. S. I will state, for the information of the
Senate, that the only change that has be^n made
in the Senate bill is in regard to one principle.
The report of the Committee of Conference leaves
the bill precisely as it was when it left this body,
including a provision for the compensation of
registers and receivers—giving them the ordinary
compensation for their services, only requiring
that the holder of the warrant, whether he is the
assignee or the original holder, shall pay the offi-
cer himself. This bill makes the warrants very
valuable; and hence we have made this change.
As the Senate bill originally stood, the assignee
, of conference, gives compensation to the registers
| and receivers, makes bounty land warrants as-
l sign able m all cases, and enables either theorigi-
i nal holder orthe assignee to locate them upon any
1 land subject to private entry at the time of the lo-
j cation, and they themselves pay the expenses. If
I the warrants are to be located on lands where the
minimum price is more than $1 25, as for instance,
on the reserved land in Illinois and other States,
where the price is $2 50, the person who holds the
warrant can make the location by paying the resi-
due in cash. With this exception, the bill is the
same as it passed the Senate.
The report was ordered to be printed.
STEAM FERRY-BOATS.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following resolu-
tion: which was agreed to:
' .Resotred, Tliattlie Committee on Commerce be requested
to inqulie into the expediency of so amending an act enti-
tled An act for tin1 better security of the lives of passen-
gers on hoard ve^pN propelled in whole or m part by |
.-team," as to exclude steam ferry-boats from the operation !
thereof, so as to obviate ttie injury and detriment that have j
been occasioned to the owners of sueh boats, by including j
them within the regulations and requirements of such law. !
Also, to provide tor the release of such ferry-boats as may i
have been seized under the provisions of such law, and j
dismiss all legal pioceedings instituted against them,' and )
repay all fines and penalties that may have been assessed or j
decreed against Ihe owners of such "boats lot the violation j
of the ptovisioiin of said act; and to provide that the law
shall hereafter be construed, as originally intended, not to
j appl> to steam ferry-boats.
| iowa land bill.
I The engrossed bill granting the right of way
j and making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
! in aid of the construction of certain railroads in
! said State, was read a third time. On the question
| " Shall the bill pass?" the yeas and nays were
[ demanded by Mr. Buodhe \d, and resulted as fol-
i lows:
YEAS--Messrs. Atehi'-on. Adam=. Hadger, Bell. Ilnr-
I land, iliooke, Cass, Clemens, [)oil e of Wisconsin, Dodge
of Iowa, Douglas, Doivns, Felcli, Fish, Foo!, Geyer, fiwm,
I j araes, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, King, Mangmn,
\ Morton, Rusk, Seward, Shield--, Hnnth, Soulc, Underwood,
| Walker, and Weller—30.
! NAYS—Messrs. Badgei, Bayard, Bradbury, firodhead,
Chase, Hamlin, Mason, Noiiis, Tratt, and Wade—-10.
william speiden.
Mr. BADGER. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to ask the Senate to take up
this morning, and dispose of, the hill on the pri-
vate Calendar, for the relief of purser William
Speiden. The reason for asking it is this: in the
belief of the committee, this is a very plain case,
in which the relief desired should be extended to
the party. He has been ordered to sea, and ex-
pects soon to leave the United States, to be absent
perhaps several years; and if the relief is to be
extended to him at all, it ought to be before he
goes away. I move to take up that bill; but if
any unexpected difficulty should arise, of course
it can be laid aside.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly read asecond time, and
was considered by the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the accounting officers of
the Treasury to allow to William Speiden two
and a half per cent, upon the amount of military
contributions received by him, while acting as
purser to the United States frigate Congress, and
as paymaster and commissary to the land forces
paid the officers for locating the warrants; but if .! on the roast of the Pacific, during the Mexican
war—to be in full compensation for all extra ser-
vices, expenses, and losses sustained by him du-
ring that period, according to the spirit of the act
of March 3, 1849, to provide for the settlement of
accounts of public officers and others, who may
have received moneys arising from military con-
tributions or otherwise in Mexico.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and was subsequently read a third time
and passed.
statutes at LARGE.
Mr. BRADBURY. I move to take up the joint
resolution authorizing the purchase of the ninth
volume of the Laws of the United States. I stated
yesterday the reasons which required the early
passage of this resolution; but I am desired by a
Senator who was not here yesterday to recapitu-
late the reasons why action on this resolution is
necessary. It provides for the purchase of the
ninth volume of the Laws of the United States for
distribution, in accordance with the provisions of
the act of August 8, 184fi. The destruction of
the Library by fire deprived the members of the
House of Representatives of the use of the vol-
umes of the laws which were there. There is
need of this volume now, for the accommodation
of the committees of the House; and this volume is
also needed for distribution, under the provisions
of that act, to the heads of departments, and foreign
Governments. I hope there will be no objection to
taking up the resolution.
The motion was agreed to, and the joint resolu-
tion was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of State, in compli-
ance with his request made to the Committee on
the Judiciary, to purchase of the publishers of the
Statutes of the United States one thousand copies
of the ninth volume of the Statutes at Large now
I published, and to cause them to be distiibuted as
i the first and eighth volumes were distributed by
I the act of August 8, 1846.
I Mr. BRADBURY. I beg leave to read a com-
S munication addressed by the Secretary of State to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee:
Department of State, )
washington, January 15,1852. >
Sir: i beg leave, through you, lespectfully to call the at-
tention of the Committee on the Judiciary to the piopriety
nf authorizing this Department to purchase one thousand
copies of the ninth volume United Statutes at .Larye—Lit-
tle & Brown's edition—for distribution in the bamc manner
as were the one thousand copies of the first eight volumes,
i under the act of August 8,1840.
There appears to be a necessity for thia purchase, from
the fact that the index to the Statutes at Large, just pub-
lished, and intrusted by the Senate to this Depaitment for
distribution, embiaces the contents of the ninth volume,
not m its serial or pamphlet foun, but as a complete and dis-
tinct volume, corresponding with thoae previously published
, by authority of Conges*.
; ' I have the honor to be, sii, very respectfully, your obedi-
i! ent seivaiu, D.VNIBL V/EBSTEK.
'! To Hon. A- P Butler,
! i Chairman ot the Committee on the Judiciary,
' United States Senate.
'i The nrice which is fixed by the publishers of
II this volume is regarded as a very reasonable one,
!' considering the maimer in which it is got up and
j! its size. 1 hope there will be no objection to the
, passage of the resolution.
I] The resolution was reported to theSenate with-
j; out amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
I1 third reading.
french spoliations non-ijvterven-
;! TION.
■' Mr. BRADBURY. Before proceeding to the
' consideration of the special order of the day, I
,, desire to call the attention of the Senate a^ain to
: the bill providing indemnity to sufferers by French
: spoliations. I do not propose to take it up to-day,
i but I desire that some day may he designated
j' when it may come up. It was made the special
order for a" day, more than a month ago. The
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Ff.i.ch,1 1 under-
stand, desires to address the Senate on the subject.
' I hope we may fix on some day this week for its
consideration; and I hope we will name the day
now, in order that it may be understood when tne
! bill is to come up. I hope it will not be post-
i poned beyond this week, or at furthest not beyond
Monday next.
" Mr. 'CLARKE. I would beg leave to ask
:: whether the honorable Senator from Michigan will
i' be ready to-morrow to submit his remarks to the
