1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
773
Senate ? There is nothing very special after the ! i
consideration of these non-intervention resolutions ji
to-day. Will the Senator be ready to speak, if !j
this bill Khali be taken up to-morrow? j
Mr. FELCH. I was a member of the special ;
committee to which this matter was referred, and ji
being so unfortunate as to be in the minority of j|
the committee in my views 011 it, I proposed to :i
give the matter a full investigation, and to present ;
some views to the Senate, when the question shall i |
come up l'or consideration. I had commenced an ij
examination of that kind. The papers and docu- :j
meiits referred to in the case are very voluminous,
and it is a labor of weeks to go through them. I ;[
have not been able as yet to pursue that examina- j'
tion on account of iliness during the last two
weeks. 1 shall now, perhaps, be ready to pursue !
it, and to consent to the matter coming up in a j;
very short time, if the Senator will permit the ,,
matter to lie over, say for a week, it will accom- ::
modate me better than a shorter time. If, how-j
ever, I should be able to conclude my investiga- |j
uon sooner, I would consent to its being taken up jj
at an earlier day. !
Mr. CLARKE. I move, then, that the Senate j
proceed to the consideration of the special order j
of the day.
Mr. MANGXJM. The honorable Senator from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has the floor upon the
special order, but the condition of the Senate
Chamber is such that it is impossible that he can
speak to-day; and I think it is due to him, as he
i=> now, for the first time, about to address the ;
hen ate at length, that the Senate should give him j
a fairer opportunity of being heard. With that ;
view, I move that the Senate do now adjourn. j
Mr. BRADBURY asked for the yeas and nays 1
on the motion. 1
Mr. CASS. I would suggest to the honorable ,
Senator from North Carolina that there can be 110 ji
sort of objection to allowing this matter to lie over, I j
to accommodate the honorable Senator from Ten- \
-nessee; but there is no reason why we should ad- :
journ. |l
Mr. MASGUM. I withdraw the motion to Jj
adjourn, and move that the special order be post- ji
. poned until to-morrow at one o'clock. !;
The PRESIDENT. The Senator,probably, is jj
not aware of the order in which the special orders j;
come up. The Chair will call them over, so that ||
the Senator may see. The first is a bill to improve j I
the navigation of the Upper Mississippi. |j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 am much obliged [|
10 the honorable Senator from North Carolina for tj
the suggestion which he has made on my behalf, u
It must"be obvious to every Senator here that the I;
room is uncomfortable. But, so far as I am con- j
eerned, if it is the pleasure of the Senate, I am j
willing to go on to-day. I feel that the Chamber ;;
is uncomfortable; yet if Senators prefer that the i
debate should go on now, 1 am ready, and I submit 1:
the question to the Senate. It is a matter of very |j
great i.idiflerence to me. If the Senate wish me
10 proceed now, I fan probably say what I have Ji
to sav, as well to-day as at any other time. j.
Mr. ATCIIISON. Although the Senator from li
Tennessee expresses entire indifference as to j|
whether he shall go on now or not, I presume that ; 1
the honorable Senator from North Carolina had ;
some authority tor saying that the Senator from j
Tennessee would prefer to go on to-morrow. j
Mr. MANGUM. I do not suppose that any ,,
gentleman would like to speak at length to-day. ;
Mr. ATCHISON. Certainly; and I am ready, ^
as 1 nresume every Senator is ready, to accord
this indulgence to the Senator from Tennessee.
I therefore" move to postpone all the special and ^
general or tiers pnor to the bill granting the right, ;;
of way to the State of Missouri, and a portion ,
of the public lands, to aid in the construction of a j
railroad from Hannibal to St. Joseph, m said (!
amendments were made in the substitute; also, i!
amendments to make it conform to the Iowa land 1
bill, which this morning was read athird time and
passed. An amendment was also made, on his [j
motion, by which two several bills were incorpo- h
rated into one, so that this bill not only makes .!
provision for a railroad from Hannibal to St. Jo-
seph, but also for a railroad from St. Louis to the ij
western boundary of the State of Missouri.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Sena--!
tor from Missouri, that in the proviso of thecom-
mittee's amendment, the same amendment should :
be inserted which was made to the Iowa bill yes- ,
terday; and I therefore make the motion to strike ;
out the words "provided that the right of way 1
shall not exceed one hundred feet on each side of :
the line of said roads, and a copy of the survey,"
and insert the following:
" Provided, That in locaunsr tiie railroads aforesaid, and ,
assigning the limits to the easement, no more lands shall be .:
taken from the United State* than is nece.-'jsaiy for a conve- ,!
nient construction and use of said roads or public ways, for :
transportation, including stations, with the usual building
of all kind.*, turn-outs, and such otherappurtenances as arc '
usually enjoyed by railroad companies', and a copy of the I'
location." i!
The afnendment to the amendment was agreed j,
to.
v
5>Utte.
The motion was agreed to.
KATLROADS IN MISSOURI
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to the consideration of the bill granting ;
the ri°*ht of way to the State of Missouri, and a
portion of the public lands, to aid in the construe-
■ion of a railroad from Hannibal to St. Joseph, in ,
said St.uc, which was reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, with an amendment in the
shape of a substitute, which the committee has
adoptnl as a uniform bill for all wucn puiposes.
o'„ Ihe motion of Mr. GEYER, several verbal '
The PRESIDENT.
that an amendment to the Iowa bill was made to
insert the words " to be recorded," at the end
of that proviso, so as to make it read, that
" A copy of tile survey of saul road, under the direction
of said State, shall be forwarded to the proper local land
officers respectively, and to the General Land Office, at ||
Washington city, within ninety days after the completion I;
of the same, lo be recorded."
It would be proper to make that amendment to i
this bill. j
The suggestion was adopted, and the amend- i!
meut as amended was agreed to. j
Mr. BRADBURY. Before the bill is leported ;j
to the Senate, I would like to inquire of the 1
ator from Missouri what number of acres oflaWT;
is appropriated by this bill, and what portion of J1
the land will be found to be alternate sections on i,
each side of the road 5
Mr. ATCHISON. The Senator from Maine
makes an inquiry. He wants to know the quan- ji
tity of land which is to be appropriated by this |l
bill for these railroads. I am told that upon the ,
Northern Railroad—from Hannibal to St. Jo-,;
seph—there cannot' be obtained, within the fifteen jl
miles of that read, exceeding one half million i
of acres, and refuse land at that. The road is to ,j
be two hundred miles in length—or one hundred ;
and eighty upon a direct line, though it is sup- ;
posed that with the necessary curves it will be i,
about two hundred miles. As to the road 0:1 the j,
south side of the river, my colleague can, perhaps, j
give more information than I can; but I am told >1
That it will not exceed two hundred and twenty- :i
five miles, with alternate sections on each side.
The Senator can make the estimate himself. 1
have not made a calculation of the exact number |
of acres. '■
Mr. BRADBURY. I would inquire further, ,,
whether any arrangements have been made by the \ \
State, by which this land is immediately to pass [j
into the hands of railroad companies or soecu- t
lators? „ , „ , 1
Mr. ATCHISON. No, sir. Each of inese ,
roads has a charter from the State of Missouri.
That State has appropriated §3,000,000 to assist :
in the construction of the roads. Private stock
upon one of them, I am told, has been taken to the
amount of $1,200,000, and upon the other, from >
$800,000 to $1,000,000. The State of Missouri, ,
I believe, has made 110 disposition of the lands, for ,,
we have always considered it a doubtful matter, j1
whether the Government of the Umled States
would grant anything, even the right of way. She ;
has made 110 disposition of lands to be granted, as
far as my knowledge extends, to railroad compa- I
nies, or'otherwise, for the construction of these ■
roads. 1
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended , 1
the amendments were concurred in, and the bill 1
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading. ,,
CUMBERLAND DAM. i
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to ask the Senate .
to take up and act upon a bill, which I propose
they shall decide without any argument on my ;
part. It is a bill for the improvement ot the Cum-
berland dam in the Ohio river. It was laid upon
the table at a very early period of the session; and
I would just remark, that if Congress or the Sen-
ate intend to appropriate any money for that ob-
ject, it is high time that it should be done, so that
the Executive may be making arrangements to
have the work go on before the warm season com-
mences. It is a measure which has been discussed
time and again in this body, and I do not propose
now to resume the discussion upon it. I hope
the Senate will take it up, and give a silent vote,
one way or the other, without any discussion, un-
less some gentleman is anxious to be heard upon
it.
Mr. CHASE. I wish to inquire of the honor-
able Senate* from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,]
whether this bill relates to an improvement in the
Ohio river, with respect to which there has been
very serious disagreement among those who navi-
gate that river, as to the propriety of the improve-
ment, and what the location is?
Mr. UNDERWOOD. It is a dam which was
put in the Ohio river by the action of this Gov-
ernment, just above Cumberland Island, so as to
throw the water into a chute next to Smithville.
It is now 111 such a situation that it must be either
removed or repaired.
Ml'. CHASE. There is a very great diversity
of opinion with regard to the propriety of that re-
pair, as I know very well from conversation with
persons engaged in navigation upon that river.
The PRESIDENT. The question is on taking
up the bill.
Mr. CHASE. I hope it will not be taken up
at the present time.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Why not take it up,
ar.d let the gentleman assign his reasons for op-
posing the bill now? We can as well appropriate
this afternoon to that object, as any other. This
is n matter of pressing importance if anything is
to be done at all. If we do anything, now is the
time to do it, because the season is coming on
when everything should be ready for the work.
If you postpone the matter till June or July, the
best part of the season will have passed away be-
fore anything can be done. It is a matter of some
urgency that we should act upon it now.
Mr. CHASE. I should have no objection to
taking up the billhiow. but that we all came here
tliis morning expecting that a different subject
would be taken up, and supposing the visual time
of the Senate would be occupied by another ques-
tion. I wish f r a little time to look at the reports
that have been made concerning this subject. I
am not certain that I shall oppose the passage of
the bill, but I wish for an opportunity of informing
myself more fully with regard to it. /
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Very well, then, let it S
pass. 1 withdraw my motion. Q/r
RAILROADS IIV ARKANSAS.
Jv'Ir. BORLAND. As I do not think there is
any other business pressing upon the attention of
the Senate, I will ask that we take up the bill
granting lands to the State of Arkansas for the
same purpose as those granted in the hill which -
passed for the State of Missouri to-day, and that
which passed for the State of Iowa yesterday It
is a bill of precisely the same character, resting on
precisely the same principles, and I think it might.
be acted upon to-day as well as at any other time.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the bill granting
to the Stale of Arkansas the right of way and a
portion of the public lands, to aid in the construc-
tion of the Arkansas Central Railroad, from a
point on the western bank of the Mississippi river,
opposite the town of Memphis, Tennessee, by the
way of Little Rock, to a point on Red river, on
the border of Texas.
The Committee 011 Public Lands had reported
the original bill, with the model substitute, as 111
other similar cases.
On the motion of Mr. Borlan-d, the bill weti
amended to make it conform to the bills as amended
granting land for like purposes to the States of
Iowa and Missouri.
Mr. BRADBURY. I desire to ask the Senator
from Arkansas the same question, in relation to
! this bill, which I asked in relation to the Missouri
bill; namely, what number of acres of land this
: bill proposes to appropriate1 And, in the same
' connection. I would like to have ttie Senator inform
the Senate, how many millions of acres of land were
- "ranted to the State of Arkansas last sessioni
