1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
these emigrants—I am willing to extend the same
protection to one place as to another, but at the
same time I wish to see justice done to all.
The honorable Senator does not answer my ob-
jection. He says that my objection would apply
against taking up this bill on any day. No, sir;
not at all. If it is made the special order, it takes :
itself up every day when one o'clock arrives, i
What is the result of that ? If 1 have a bill, or if I;
any other Senator has a bill which it is desirable
to take up, it requires a motion to postpone the ;
special order, and thereupon a discussion ensues, ;
and the time of the Senate is consumed. I appie- '
ciate the motive of the honorable Senator. I con-
cur in the object which he has of protecting the
travelers and emigrants. I desire to do it, but I
cannot vote for this bill in its present shape. I do ,,
not mean, however, to discuss its provisions now.
I am willing to vote for anything within the com-
pass of our power which will, in my opinion, ac-
complish the object in view; but I do not want to
give this bill a preference over all the other busi-
nes of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. As the Senator resists the
fixing of any time for action on this bill, and as
he is not ready to take up any bill of his own, I
will withdraw the motion to postpone, and submit
now a few remarks upon the bill itself. The Sen- ,
ator says he has bills of his own in regard to the
protection of Texas, which he desires to have ■
taken up.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir; the Senator is mistaken.
Mr. DOUGLAS. At any rate, the Senator
said his own people were unprotected. If they are
unprotected, why not bring forward a bill to pro-
tect them, instead ofurgingthat as a reason against
the protection of other people who are unprotected,
and for whose protection bills have been brought ,
forward? Because his own people are not pro-
tected against these aggressions, is that any reason
to be urged why other people should not be pro-
tected ? If he does not bring forward bills to pro- ;
tect his own people, is that any reason why the
Senator should assail me for performing my duty
to my section of country ? I have never interfered
to prevent him from taking up any bill for the \
protection of his own State, whenever he desired j
to do so. If he wishes to give the people of Texas r
on that frontier, protection by law, or to provide
means iur that purpose,he will not find me resist- ■,
ing the consideration of any such proposition. I
am prepared to help him, to aid him in all the
necessary legislation.
But the gentleman from Texas assails the terms
of the bill. He says he shall want some change,
so far as it specifies one man who may make a
telegraphic line across the continent. The prop-
osition is, that Henry O'Reilly, at his own ex-
pense, may make a telegraphic line over the pub-
lic lands. I will agree to modify that proposition,
so as to say that Henry O'Reilly, or any other
living man, or all men, may make telegiaphic 1
lines at their own expense, across the public do- 1
main. That will be broad enough, I apprehend,
to obviate his objection as to monopoly.
Again, the Senator says he doe£ not object
to the object of the hill. He says he appre-
ciates my motive and my desire to protect these
people. Then. sir, if we concur in the object, and
only differ as to the means, let us take up the bill
and consider it; and, if my propositions are not
right, let him offer his amendments. When-
ever he offers an amendment that commends itself
to my judgment, I will at once freely accede to
it. 1 do not pretend that the bill is perfect. I
have given it a good deal of reflection. I nave
made it as perfect, as 1 knew how; but yet it is
probable that the gentleman's superior experience
in frontier life may enable him to suggest amend-
ments that will improve it. Let him offer them.
1 shall be ready to receive them in a fair spirit,
and agree to them whenever lean. I have no
doubt that many Senators can improve the terms
of this bill in many respects. That is just what I
desire. 1 wish to have the benefit of their advice,
of their suggestions, and their amendments. I
care not whether you retain one word,or section,
of this bill, provided, when you strike out these
provisions, you insert others that will be ns ef-
fectual for the purpose in view. I do not insist
upon the adoption of the bill as it is. All I ask is,
that you will afford the requisite_ and adequate
protection to the people on that line, and let us
have a fair hearing on this bill for that purpose.
I hope we may proceed to consider the bill now.
I think that if we do so, we shall get through with
it, perhaps in less time than by discussing it in
this irregular way.
Mr. CHASE. This bill contemplates an ob-
ject of very great importance—a telegraph from
Independence, Missouri, I suppose, to San Fran-
cisco. The details of the bill will, of course, de-
mand the very careful attention of the Senate. I
concur cordially with what has fallen from the
Senator from Illinois, with regard to the import-
ance of this work. It is a matter to which I have
given some attention, but 1 think it will be better
to postpone the consideration of the bill until a
future day when the Senate will be more full, and
when Senators, having had their attention called
to it, will have an opportunity of looking into the
memorial, and the report which has been made.
With the concurrence of the Senator from Illinois,
therefore, I move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the bill until Tuesday next, and make
it the special order for that time; for it is really a
matter of very great importance.
Mr. RUSK. I shall ask the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. BRADBURY. 1 would suggest that it is
well known to the Senate, that several members
are necessarily absent in the discharge of a duty
assigned to thern by this body. 1 would ask
whether it be desirable to take up a bill of so much
importance during the absence of those who are
necessarily away m the discharge of a duty which
has been imposed upon them by the Senate ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will only remark, in reply,
that when the gentleman from Maine asked us to
consider a bill for the relief and protection of one
man, a few moments ago, I did not object to it.
This is just such a bill, with one exception. This
provides for the protection of millions and that for
one man.
Mr BRADBURY. What man >
Mr. DOUGLAS. I allude to the private bill
taken up to-day, on the motion of the honorable
Senator.
Mr. BRADBURY. I made no motion to-day
to take up a private bill, but my colleague did
make such a motion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I was laboring under
a mistake. I have yielded for several private bills,
all involving matters of legitimate legislation for
the protection of the rights of persons. This bill
provides for the protection of the rights of a large
number of persons. There is nothing m the bill
which any man cannot easily understand on five
minutes'examination. I am willing to consider
the bill now, or to postpone it to any given day.
if we can have the assurance that it shall have a
fair hearing. I shall propose so to amend the bill
as to lecve in it no exclusive privilege to any per-
son. If theie is on objectionable feature m it let
it be pointed out, and I will consent to strike it
out. if there is an omission, let any gentleman
suggest it, and I will vote to put it in. I only ask
the consideration of the bill. It is necessary.
Justice requires it. The lives of our own citizens
require that we should pass it; and I ask that there
may be action upon it.
Mr. BRADBURY. The remarks of the Sen-
ator from Illinois seem to call for some leply from
me. If he had attended to my remarks, he would
have nerceived that my objection was not to the
consideration of the bill, but only to its consider-
ation at the particular time named, when certain
distinguished members of the Senate are necessa-
rily absent.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is very true; but there
will always be some members absent, and I ap-
prehend that the friends of this bill have more to
lose than to gain bv the absence of the members
alluded to. Several of them I know to be waun
advocates of the bill.
Two members absent on the committee to
which allusion is made, helped to report this bill
from the Committee on the Territories. ^ Another
of those gentlemen takes a deep interest in the bill.
I do not know that the other half of the committee
alluded to are onposed to it at all. Again; they
mav be back by that time; but. 1 am willing to
run the risk of a vote in their absence, because
of the manifest justice of the proposition. It is
true that if I thought there would be a close vote,
I would wish to have them back before the vote
was taken. I only desire some time to be fixed
for the consideration of the bill I care not what.
particular day, so that it is some reasonable time.
If the Senate do that I shall be content.
Mr. BORLAND. 1 hope the proposition to fix
an early day for the consideration of this bill will
be agreed to. I consider it a bill of more general
importance to the Western States than any bill
that has been before the Senate this session. To
those States especially which lie west of the Mis-
sissippi river, or along its course on either side,
it is of the very first importance. They are fron-
tier States, and have an unsettled country all west
of them; or, if settled at all, it is by Indian sav-
ages. Now, the citizens of these States can have
no profitable communication with the country
west of them; they can have no commerce with
it, for the want of a population to settle and im-
| prove it, and produce those articles of commerce
i which are needed for exchanges. We have, now,
| an outlet for our trade and travel only on one
! side; and so long as we remain in that condition,
I we will be unable to develop even the half—per-
j haps not a tithe—of our resources. We want a
; market on both sides; we desire to see settlements
I made west as well as east of us; and it strikes me
j that is a consideration which should weigh pow-
j erfuliy with the honorable Senator from Texas,
!l [Mr. Rusk,] for his State is similarly situated
j with mine m this respect.
! Mr. RUSK. In what way is it of so much im-
lj portance?
Mr. BORLAND. It is of importance in this:
it will open up the whole country west of us for
settlement, trade, and intercommunication. Is not
this important and desirable? To me it seems to
be not only an important, but the first and indis-
pensable step towards the settlement of the coun-
try between our States and California, Oregon, &c.
Indeed, the only practicable means by which we
can ever establish a line of useful intercommuni-
cation between ourselves and our possessions on
the Pacific. We have been talking for years about
making a railroad across the country, from the
Mississippi river to the Pacific ocean. We have
had that proposition before us time and again. It
is before us now. There is an immense tract of
wild country between these points,extending some
twelve or fifteen hundred miles, unsettled, or, if
settled at all, settled only by savages, amongst
whom a railroad would not stand safely at any
one point for a week. Without some such plan
as this, I know of no mode of building or protect-
ing such a road, except at a cost which all there-
sources of this Union could not pay.
I beg leave to call the attention of the honorable
Senator from Texas to a case in the older States,
which, I think, will exemplify the view which I
entertain of the advantages, comparative and ac-
tual, of an outlet on both sides of a State. I refer
to the States of Kentucky and Ohio. Kentucky
was settled long- before Ohio, with a people equally-
intelligent and enterprising, and possessing a soil
equally fertile, and a climate equally genial and
salubrious. Yet, what is the relative condition of
these two States ? *
Ohio became settled, peopled, and improved
with more than fourfold rapidity. Why ? Ohio
has an outlet on both sides, while Kentucky has
an outlet on but one. Ohio not only has an out-
let and a market on each side, to induce settlement
and cultivation throughout her whole territory,
but she becomes thereby a thoroughfare between
North and South, and all her lines of communica-
tion and intercourse are thronged with travelers,
and covered with agricultural productions, and the
fabrics of exchange, seeking an outlet and a mar-
ket on both sides, and m opposite directions.
Ohio has a great lake on the one side, and a great
river oil the other. Kentucky has the Ohio river
on the one side, and on the other forests and
mountains almost impassable, and comparatively
impracticable for trade. She has, indeed, an out-
let and a market on one side only. The compar-
ative condition of these two States, in the particu-
lars I have mentioned, exemplify; the importance
and value of the condition of things I desire for
my State, and others situated like her, and which
I think this proposition of the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Dodglas] is so well calculated
—indeed, is indispensable—to attain. We now
have no outlet, except upon the Mississippi river.
The whole country west of us is comparatively a
wilderness. You make us grants of land for rail-
roads; but if you do not allow us facilities forset-
t'ip" the country west, I ask what will these rail-
