1688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8,
WHEELING BRIDGE CASE.
Mr. OLDS. The Coramitteeonthe Post Office
and Post Roads, to which was referred the memo-
rial of the Belmont and Wheeling Bridge Com-
pany, have directed me to make a report upon ,
that subject, accompanied by a bill. '
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. Will the chair- i
man of the committee allow me to ask him whether |
the bill which he proposes to report contains any j
provision for regulating the height of chimneys of j
steamboats? If so, I wish to raise a question of
order.
Mr. OLDS. Let the bill be read first. \
The bill having been read a first time by its title,
was read through for information, as follows, viz : ,
A Bill declaring the Wheeling Unices Uv.-iul structures,
and for other puipo-ses.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States in Congress assembled, That
the bridges across the Ohio river <it Wheeling, in the ?*tate .
of Virginia, and at Bridgeport, in the State of Ohio, abut- .
ting on Zane-s Island, in said river, are heieby declared to
he lawful structures m their present position and elevation, :
and shall be so held and taken to he, anything in any law
or Jaws of the United States to the contiary notwithstand-
ing*
•fl/irf be it further enacted, That the >aid bridges arc de-
clared to be, and are established po^nomH, for thr
of the mails of the United States, and that the "Wheeling
and Belmont Bridge Company aie authorized to have and
maintain tlteir said biid;^ at their present site and eleva-
tion, and the officers and crew of all vessels and boafh nav-
igating said nver are required to regulate the u^e of their
said vessels and boats, and ol any pipes or chimneys be-
longing thereto, so as not to interfere with the ele\ ation and
construction of said bridges.
Mr. THOMAS M. HOWE. The point ofordei
which 1 proposed making is ibis* The Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads being: authorized
by (he 85th rule of the House to take into consid-
eration only such petitions atd matters or things
touching the Post Office and Post Roads as fchd.Il be
presented or may come in question and be referred
to them by the House, it is not competent for
said committee to leport a bill, or section of a bill,
regulating the structure of vessels and boats navi-
gating a river, or in any way to prest rihe hmi*a- '
tions to the height and use of the pipes and chim-
neys of such boats, inasmuch as such proposed 1
action would be a regulation of commerce, and
therefore foreign to the duties of the Committee on !
the Post Office and Post Roads. "
With the indulgence of the Chair, I beg leave
to refer to a precedent. Some six or eight weeks
ago, when it was proposed by the Committee on
Public Lands to report a bill authorizing a railroad
to import iron free of duty, a point of order was
raised by the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means that the committee had traveled out
of the line of its duties. It appears to me that
analogy will hold good in this case, and therefore
I respectfully submit, for I he consideration of the
Speaker, the point of order that I ha\e raised
Mr. OLDS. With the permission of ihc Ohair,
I desire to reply for a single moment to the objec-
tion which lias been raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will be pleased
to hear the gentleman.
Mr. OLDS. It is true, air, that the House in
that case decided that the Committee on Public
Lands had no right to report upon the fubject of
limiting the duty upon railroad iron, and for what
reason? Why, for the express reason that
the matter had not been referred to them by (he
House, and that that committee had no ri-rht to :
take into consideration the duty upon railroad
iron, unless the House directed them to do so.
But the analogy does not hold good in tins case,
for the subject-matter of this nil! was leiXT'-rd (o
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads 1
by the House, and weare&ctmgundertheauthor- !
ity of the House when we make this report.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsy Ivania, 1 should
like to hear the petition or resolution read under
which the committee acted. ;
Mr. OLDS. If the gentleman wishes to have
the petitions read, I will send to the committee '
room for them, but it will take at least three days :
to read them all. I
Mr. STEVENS. The reading of one petition :
will be sufficient, and I should like to hear it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects very
well that various petitions upon the subject of the !
Wheeling bridge were referred to the Committee ■
on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mr. STEVENS. I want the gentleman to show '
' me any petitions which ask the committee to reg-
I ulate the height of chimneys, or the structure of
i steamboats. 1 suppose the gentleman has them.
1 I hope we shall not proceed further with this
' matter until the gentleman can produce them,
j Mr. OLDS. I will say, on my responsibility
| as a member, that is one of the very things tipon
i which the Bridge Company have memorialized
I Congress, and their memorial was referred to us.
j The SPEAKER. That being the state of the
j case, the Chair must overrule the objection raised
: by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
: \ ens ,] and decide that this bill is in order; the
' House having referred that particular subject to
! that particular committee.
i Mr. CARTTER. I would like to see the peti-
'' tions.
Mr. FOWLER. As a member of the commit-
| tee who reported this bill, I feel myself constrained,
, as have two other members of the committee, to
present a minority report, which I wish to take
■ the same course as the majority report.
■, The bill was then read asecond time by its title.
I The SPEAKER. What disposition does the
!' gentleman propose to make of the bill:
'> Mr. OLDS. I propose, inasmuch as it is im-
l| portant that action should be had upon this matter
,! by Congress soon, if at all, to put th^ bill upon its
!! passage. I do not desire, however, to move the
!| previous question, because I am willing it should
:i receive such discussion as the House can give to
II the subject during the morning hour. But 1 desire
; that the bill may not be referred to the Committee
> of the Whole on the state of the Union, be-
1 cause the order of the court is, that this bridge
i must be removed by the first of February next.
J If the matter is passed by at this session of Con-
i gress, there will not be time for the company to act.
| Mr. McLANAHAN. If it bem order/I move
now to refer this bill to the Committee of the
!' Whole on the state of the Union, and that it be
1 printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion is in order.
Mr. OLDS. It is printed.
Mr. McLANAHAN. I will take this occa-
sion to remark to the House, that at an early period
in the piesent session, resolutions passed by the
; Legislature of Pennsylvania, and appioved by
■ the Governor of that State, were referred to
,! the Committee on the Judiciary, and about the
same time, sundry memorials purporting to be
. from citizens of the State of Pennsylvania, were
also referred to the same committee; that enm-
■ mittee have had this subject under consideration,
I and it^ must be evident to the House, that the
j questions embraced in the case are eminently of a
; judicial character.,
ij It is now some three or four months since the
!' Committee on the Judiciary have been called upon
for reports. They are prepared to report upon
/his subject. It is one of wide and grave import-
ance, and the object I have m view in making the
■ motion that I have just submitted, to refer this bill
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, is to enable the Committee on the Judi-
[ ciary to make their report and to have it printed,
land laid upon the desks of the members of the
■ | House.
'Ihe chairman of the Committee on the Post
j Office and Post Roads has already indicated the
■ I character of the questions that are involved. They
! are questions of vast magnitude—questions that
command, and should receive from tins House its
, most serious consideration.
, Having stated that this question has been be-
: fore the Committee on the Judiciary, and that it
1 properly, and eminently a question for their
1 consideration, and as the period has not yet arrived
for them to lay their views upon the subject before
j the 1 louse, I trust that the motion which 1 have
: just made will be adopted by the House, and that
■ tins bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and printed.
i Mr. FOWLER. I stated just now, that two
■ of my colleagues, with myself, have prepared and
, wish to present a minoiity report. If the bill and
: the report of the majority are to be printed, we
ask that the minority report may take the same
j course and be printed with them.
: Mr. OLDS. I suppose that it is in order to
1 receive the minority report in connection with the
i majority report?
: _ Mr. CARTTER. I wish ro inquire if themorn-
| ing hour has expired 5
The SPEAKER. It has not. The gentleman
from Massachusetts proposes to make a minority
report from the committeee, and asks that it be
laid upon the table and be printed.
Mr. OLDS. I have a word to say in regard to
the printing. Inasmuch as the committee designed
asking the House to put the bill upon its passage,
they had the report printed; it has been circulated
and laid upon the desks of members; the minority
of the committee have done the same thing with
their report. The two reports have been printed,
and are now before the House, and there is there-
fore no necessity for printing them again.
Mr. FOWLER. I desire that the minority re-
port, with the majority report, may appear on the
files, and 1 hope', therefore, that we shall order
them to be printed. I hope that they will be
printed as a part of the documentary evidence in
this case.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope that
both the reports maybe printed, that it will ap-
pear that they were ordered to be printed, and that
they may go among the printed document. I do
not understand this mode of printing beforehand
by order of the committee.
Mr. OLDS. 1 have no objection to the print-
ing if it does not delay the action of the House
upon the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, we shall have time
enough to act upon it.
Mr. FOWLER. i. wish to state that the re-
ports have not been printed by order of the com-
mittee. Not at all.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, 1 want them printed
now by order of the House.
Mr. FOWLER. They were printed for the
sake of convenience.
Mr. OLDS, is the motion to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union debatable?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to lay there-
port upon the table, and print it.
Mr. OLDS. The minority report ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
to he the motion made by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr Fowler.]
Mr. FOWLER.. I wish the minority leport to
take the same course as the majority report.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that my col-
league [Mr. McLaxaiian] moved that the bill and
the report be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and be printed.
The SPEAKER. That is the pending motion,
but it relates to the bill and the majority report.
Mr. OLDS. Is the motion divisible, so as to
rake a separate vote on the printing and on the
reference ?
The SPEAKER, ft is.
Mr. OLDS. Then I call for a division of "the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Massachusetts proposes that.
■! the minority report shall take the same direction
as the m.ijoiity report. The pending motion,
i therefore, is, thai the bill and the repotts be re-
1 ferred to the'Committee of the Whole on the state
! of the Union, and be printed.
j Mr. WALSH. I want to say but a few words
I to the TTou^e. I hope the motion of the genlle-
! man from Pennsylvania [Mr. McLaxahix] will
: not prevail, because the effect of it must be to ren-
: der the proposed legislation of no vnJue. As was
I stated by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,,]
I in February next, under the decision of theSu-
'! preme Court of the United States, this bridge is
| to be removed. The object m defeating this bill—
and I mean no offence to anybody—is not to sus-
taui a few steamboats that have been prevented
1 from going under this bridge, but 1 believe the
; ultimate object is to prevent the bridge being used
: on a line of railroad. But no matter what may
be the object of the motion, it can lead to but one
■; result, and that is, to defeat this bill. Now, the
House has all the facts of the case in these two
| reports from the committee. If you \\ ant to com-
I pel those gentlemen, who have built this bridge
! without any complaint against it until it was fin-
i nished, to take it down, why say so at once.
1 Mr. FOWLER. The gentleman is slightly in
j error in regard to one point. The suit which has
! issued in the Supreme Court was commenced some
I time before the bridge Wu.s completed.
I . Mr. WALSH. That may be. That is not
I ihe statement, however, on which f rely. I un-
