776
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
J
when reports from committees are called for. The
recollection of the Chair is, that the practice of
the House will show that reports of committees
of conferences have never been objected to, but
have been made at any time during the sittings.
Mr. JONES. As there seems to be no settled
practice, and no time specified, when a committee
of conference can report, I will, for the purpose of
determining the question one way or the other,
take an appeal to the decision of the Chair.- The
House can thus decide whether it is in order for
them to report whenever they are ready, or not.
Mr. STUART. I do not understand the Chair
as deciding that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does decide, being
called upon to do so, that the business first in order,
is the motion made by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, to close the debate upon the deficiency bill.
That is the opinion of the Chair. From this de-
cision an appeal is taken.
Mr. HOUSTON. I trust that the gentleman
who objected to the acceptance of the report of
the committee of conference, will let it be disposed
of this morning, in the way suggested, to save
time; and that bills, which have been a long time
before the House, may be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the House that, but for the pendency of the ques-
tion submitted by the gentleman from Alabama,
the Chair would be strongly inclined to decide, (as
the practice,-in the opinion of the Chair, ha* been
that way,) that it would be in order for a com-
mittee of conference to report at any time. The
Chair, however, is free to confess that he knows
of no rule that would guide him in this matter;
nor has he recollection of a case, during his ser-
vices here, where objection was made to the report
of a committee of conference.
Mr. PHELPS. I will suggest to the gentleman
from Alabama that he withdraw his resolution for
the closing of debate upon the deficiency bill, and
let us dispose of this report. He can move his
resolution again at any time.
Mr. HOUSTON, I dislike to do that, but with
the hope that I will be able to get the floor again
to move it, I will withdraw my resolution and al-
low the course suggested to be pursued.
THE REPORT OF THE CONFEREES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Under the decis-
ion of the Chair I then submit the following re-
port from the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses with regard to
the land warrant assignment bill:
The managers on the part of the House on the disagree-
ing votes between the two Hous.es on Senate bill No. 146,
entitled " An act to make land warrants assignable and for
other purposes," have met the managers on the part of the
Senate, and, after full and free conference, have agreed to
recommend to their respective Houses to strike out the word
i( net*' wheic it first occurs* in the third hue of the first pro-
viso proposed to the fir<-t section of the bill by the House,
and insert in lieu thereof the word "lawsinsert after th#
word " orated" in the said third line of said first proviso the
wemte u'according to the legal subdivision of the public
lands and in one body and with these amendments they
recommend that the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the first section of the
bill.
Strike out all after the word " warrants," m the twelfth
hne o! the second section, to the end of the section ; and,
with this amendment, they recommend that the House re-
cede from its amendment striking out all of said bill atter
the first section.
JAMES SHIELDS,
ALPHEUS FELCH,
TRUMAN SMITH,
Managers on the part of the Senate,
G. W. JONES,
GEORGE TUtlGGS,
GRAHAM N. FITCH,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. JONES. I ask now that the Clerk rend
the first proviso as proposed to be amended.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Proiided, That the warrants which have been, or may
hereafter be issued m pursuance of said la u or of this act,
may be located according to the le%al subdivisions of the
public lamb m one body, upon any lands in the Tnited
States subject to private entry at the time of such location
at the minimum price.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. The first amend-
ment yroposed by the committee is to strike out
the woru "act," in the third line of the first pro-
viso of the House, and to insert the word " law"
in its stead That is done for the purpose of
making the proviso conform to the first section of
the net. The first section of the act provides that
land warrants given under the laws of the United
States, shall be assignable. That is the only ef-
fect of that amenement.
The second amendment to be inserted after the
word " located," in the third line of the same pro-
viso, is that the warrant shall be located in one
body, and according to the legal subdivision of the
United States. This, sir, was thought necessary
by most of the committee, if not all, in order to
prevent a person holding a one hundred and sixty
acre warrant from locating it upon forty acre tracts
in four different sections, or one holding an eighty
acre warrant from locating it upon two forty acre
tracts in different half sections. This is done in
order to require the holder of a warrant to locate
his one hundred and sixty acre warrant upon one
section, and the holder of an eighty acre warrant
upon a half section lying in one body. For in-
stance: it is to prevent the locating of an eighty-
acre warrant upon the northeast quarter and south-
east quarter of the same section, or forty in one
section and forty in another. That is the only
effect of that; and these amendments met with the
unanimous approbation of the conferees on the
part of both Houses.
Then we recommend this amendment, that the
Senate shall recede from the disagreement to these
two provisoes proposed by the House to the first
amendment of the bill. The only other amend-
ment we propose, is to strike out of the second
section of the bill, after the word " warrants," the
following:
" Wheie they have been transferred under the provis-
ions of any act of Congress, and the regulations of the
General Land Office; and to be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States upon the adjustment of the accounts of
such officers, where it will be shown to the satisfaction of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office that the war-
rant was located by the soldier or warrantee, or his next of
kin, as provided for by law.3'
Mr. MEADE. I should like a further expla-
nation about locating the warrants according to
legal subdivision. Suppose the warrant is an
eighty-acre warrant, I would ask my friend from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] could that eighty-acre
warrant be laid upon the south half of a quarter
section, or on the east or west half of the same
section ?
Mr. JONES. My impression is, and I think
this is t)ie universal understanding of the amend-
ment, as proposed by the committee of confer-
ence, that you can lay it on the north half, the
south half, the east half, or the west half of the
section; but that you must take one of the halves
laying broadside to each other; that is, that you
shall not take one quarter from a corner in the
southwest or the other in the southeast, so as to
connect them by corners. You may, by legal
subdivisions, select either the north, the south,
the east, or the west half of a quarter section under
an eighty-acre warrant. 1 do not know that I
understand all the regulations about the Land
Office, but it is very clear and distinct that the land
must be located in one body, and according to the
legal subdivisions of the public lands of the United
States, subject to private entry. I understand
from some of the gentlemen around me from the
new States, that, according: to legal subdivisions,
they cannot take the north half or the south half
of a quarter section with an eighty-acre tract, but
that it must be either the east half or the west half
under the decisions and regulations of the Depart-
ment. However that may be, it is according to
the legal subdivisions of the public lands in one
body; and I think that will be found to be correct.
As to the other amendment, the House will recol-
lect, that by the second section of the Senate bill,
they proposed to pay to the registers and receiv-
ers the same fees for locating all military bounty
land warrants of every description that they would
be entitled to if the same tract of land were entered
and the money paid for it, estimating the warrant
at ยง1 25 per acre; that is, one per cent, upon the
amount to each of these officers.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to interrupt him for a moment ?
I find it impossible to keep up with the gentle-
man 's explanations, and understand them from the
method which he pursues now. I would suggest
to him, that he will permit the several section's to
be read as he comments upon them. It is important
to us all that we should understand what he means;
but we cannot follow him in this way.
Mr. JOKES. It is only one amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not understand what
this amendment is.
Mr. JONES. The Clerk will read the second
section of the bill.
The second was then read, as below. The part
I in italics is proposed by the conference committee
i to be stricken out:
Sec.2. Jlndbeit further enacted, That the registers and
receivers of the land offices, shall hereafter he severally
authorized to charge and receive for their services in loca-
ting all military bounty land warrants, issued since the
eleventh day of Fcbruary? eighteen hundred and forty-
seven, the same compensation or percentage to which they
are entitled by law for sales of the public lands for cash, at
the rate of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre ; the
said compensation to be hereafter paid by the assignees or
holders of such warrants, whet e they have been transferred
under the provisions of an act of Congress, and the regula-
tions of the General Land Office ; and to be paid out of the
Treasury of the United Slates upon the adjustment of the
accounts of said officers, where it shall be shown, to the sat-
isfaction of the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
that the warrant was located by the soldier or wari antee, or
his next of kin, as provided for by law,
Mr. JONES. That is the only amendment
which the committee of conference propose to
make to that portion of the Senate bill which was
stricken out by the House. The second section of
the Senate bill, as it came here, proposed to give to
the registers and receivers, each, the same fees that
they were entitled to if the land should be entered
and paid for with money. The latter branch of it
proposes that when the warrant shall be located
by the original warrantee, the soldier or his legal
representatives, then it shall be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States. This amendment
proposes to strike out that part which requires
that the fees after locating to be paid out of the
Treasury, and requires the locator, whether the
original holder or the assignee of the warrant, in
all cases hereafter to pay the fees himself. I con-
curred with the committee of conference in striking
out this part, and requiring the locators to pay the
fees themselves; but I did not concur in that part
of the amendment fixing the fees, because I think
the fees are too large. They will be fifty cents to
each officer, or, rather, one dollar for the location of
a forty acre warrant, and two dollars for the loca-
tion of an eighty acre warrant, and four dollars for
the location of a one hundred and sixty acre war-
rant, or two dollars to each of the officers; when
the labor for the forty acre warrant is exactly the
same as that for the one hundred and sixty'acre
warrant. Then I concur in striking out that part
which made the fees a tax upon the Treasury, and
would have concurred in the balance of it, if the
fees had not been as large as they are.
By the third section of the Senate bill, it is pro-
posed to pay to the registers and receivers who
have gone out of office, as well as those who are
now in office, the same fees for the location of war-
rants heretofore located, as they would have been
entitled to if the land had been entered, and the
money paid for it. I was opposed to this section.
We cannot tell exactly what will be the cost upon
the Treasury. But there have been seventy-five
thousand one hundred and sixty acre warrants is-
sued under the act of February, 1847, and upwards
of six thousand forty acre warrants, making the
aggregate amount of lands under that law some-
thing over 12,000,000 acres. There will also be
be some five or ten thousand warrants more issued
under that law. What proportion of these war-
rants have been located,it is impossible for any of
us to tell at this time. But suppose that the whole
of them have been located, then the fees or com-
missions upon them, according to this law, would
be $302,304; one fourth upon the one hundred and
sixty acre warrants, and one half upon the forty
acre warrants having been paid by the locators of
the warrant, except where the original warrantee
located himself. None of those fees have been
paid, and they are all to be paid out of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. DUNHAM. I will state that out of the
whole number of warrants issued under the Mex-
ican bounty land law, something like seventy-five
thousand, there have been located only six thou-
sand by assignees.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does the gen-
tleman pretend to say that seventy-five thousand
are all that have been issued r
Mr. DUNHAM. I say about that number has
been located under the Mexican bounty land law.
Sixty-six thousand of these land warrants were
located by the original grantees of the warrants,
and upon that number you have not to pay the full
value, as provided for by this law. I have docu-
ments to show it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I should like
to see the documents.
