liv
INDEX TO THE LAWS.
Virginia, appropriation to pay to, the advances
made to equip troops, &c 22
appropriations for light-houses in 30
establishment of certain post roads in 32
Virginia Woolen Company, an act for the relief
of the 44
Virginia military land warrants, act making fur-
ther provision for the satisfaction of. 42
Volunteers, Texas mounted, appropriation for the
pay of   6
W.
War Department, appropriations for the, and its
several bureaus 14
Washington,appropriation to Franklin Square..6
appropriation to Lafayette Square 6, 18
appropriation to the square south of the Presi-
dent's Mansion 6
Washington, appropriations to Capitol. 1,6,17,43
appropriation to New Jersey avenue . .6
appropriation to the public Mall surrounding
Smithsonian Institution    6
appropriation for the public buildings and
grounds in   17
appropriation to complete and revise the grades
in 17
appropriation for a survey preparatory to the
introduction of water into  17
appropriation for an insane asylum in 17
appropriations for the President's House and
Grounds 6, 17
Washington Gaslight Company, acts amendatory
of the act to incorporate the 9, 46
Water. (See Washington City.)
Watson, James C., of Georgia, an act for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of 46
Weymouth, Ichabod, an act for the relief of.. .46 }
Wheeling Bridges declared post roads 23 j
White, John Moore, an act for the relief of.. .47 ?-
Williams, Staples & Williams, act for the relief ,
of 44 ;
Wilmington and Manchester Railroad Company, "
an act for the relief of the 13 '
Wisconsin, an act to extend the time for selecting
the lands granted to, for saline purposes. .. .2
act granting the right of preemption to certain
settlers on the Menominee Purchase in... .3
act establishing additional land districts in... .8
appropriations for light-houses in 30
the establishment of certain post routes in.. .36
Woolen Company. (See Virginia Woolen Com-
pany.')
Wyandotte lands, act amendatory of the act pro-
viding for the sale of 5
END OP VOLUME XXIV.
