1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1680
derstand that is the statement upon your side of !1
the question; but these gentlemen of the company-
say they never heard a word of complaint until
the bridge was finished, or, at least, until they had
spent the greatest portion of the money on it.
Mr. GROW. It was in evidence in the Su- i'
preme Court, that this injunction was served on ,
them before they put the cables acioss the river. ■
Mr. WALSH. Weil, sir, however that may
be, let us take the vote upon it without sending it
to the committee. That is all I want. Let us ,
see whether this bridge is a nuisance, under the j
decision of the Supreme Court, because a few '
steamboats are prevented by it from going up the 1
river to Pittsburg. If it is a nuisance, why then
do not pass this bill. But do not put it off to a
period when we know it cannot be reached, and
when the company will be reached by the process
of the Supreme Court. I hope a vote will be taken
on the bill in the House.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think j
this subject is of sufficient importance to be deliber- ■
ately considered. The gentleman from Maryland
jumps at conclusions, and is possessed of facts
which I do not know to exist, and which I am
inclined to think do not exist.
Sir, the gentleman speaks of this as if it were a
trivial matter. Does he remember that the com-
merce of that vast river is equal to all that of the
port of Baltimore' And is this House to rejudge
the judgment of the Supreme Court of the United
States per urn-, and without a deliberate examin-
ation of this question and ample argument? Sir, 1
this matter has been for two years under examin-
ation—Chancellor Walworth, perhaps the ablest
man in the State of New York, has examined it
carefully, upon the spot: engineers have been em-
ployed at vast expense, to examine it, and all this
js to be swept away with a flourish of rhetoric.
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) I did not say
the matter was not to be discussed in the House.
I only want to defeat the motion of the gentle- ,
man's colleague, [Mr. McLaxahax,] because if
this bill £oes to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it will never be reached.
Mr. STEVENS. It is worth sending where \
all such questions go, and where it can be delib-
erately examined. Why, this is a summary way
of overthrowing the Adjudication of the Supreme
Court!
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman allow me to :
ask him one question ?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly I will.
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman thinks that be-
cause this is an important matter, it ought to be
icferied to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. I should like to know if the
£entlem:m did not vote to giveaway sixty mil-,
lions of acres of the public hinds, without any ref-
erence of that bill to the Committee of the Whole
on tiie siaie of the Union r
Mr. STEVENS. That is a kind of argument ■
which I ha\e known some gentlemen use when 1
they knew no other argument. Now, I did not
vote for arty such thing, and if I had, that is but
a shallow kind of question to put when we are
arguing a matter of tins kind. Was it ever moved
to send that bill to the Committee ot the "Whole
on the state of the Union' Did I ever vote against
it ? or did any other gentleman do it: J3ut that is
nsode—a very small episode. I say that
here is :\ question which the Supreme Court of
the United States have been engaged in examining i
for years, thev have appointed examiners of the
highest character and of the greatest skill; they
have taken volumes of testimony, which, if this
House mean-to act intelligently,it must examine;
ilif-y have adjudicated 
Mi. COBB, (interrupting.) The morning hour
has expired; and I therefore move to proceed to
the business on the Speaker's table, with a view
that we may refer the bills which are upon it to
the respective committees.
Mr. ROBBINS. Is it in order now to move
that the rules be suspended, and that the Houvse
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. ROBB1NS. Then I make that motion.
The SPRY7CER. The Chair is of opinion that |
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
could not ha/e tak*n the floor from his colleague,
[Mr. Stk\e>;s,] while the motion made by the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb] could have
done it, and therefore that the question must first ;
be put upon the motion of the gentleman from i
Alabama. 1
Mr. HUNTER. 1 wish to inquire of the Chair, '
if the bill in relation to the Wheeling bridge case j
will come up the first thing to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER. It will be the first business |
in order during the morning hour. |
Mr. HOUSTON. T wish to make a suggestion j
to the House, which, I think, will meet with gen- '
eral concurrence. By going into committee this j
morning, the presumption is, that we can get ,
through with the deficiency bill to-day, which is
greatly to be desired. If we appropriate an hour
or two to the business on the Speaker's table, we
shall not be able to finish the deficiency bill to-
day, and it will probably consume the whole of
to-morrow. |
Mr. COBB. I can obviate that difficulty by ;
withdrawing my motion, if the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevlvs] will yield the floor
for a motion to go into committee.
^ Mr. STEVENS. Certainly; I yield the floor j
for that purpose.
Mr. COBB. I now move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, (Mr. Stuart m the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated, as the business be-
fore the committee, the consideration of the Sen-
ate amendments to House bill No. 207, " to supply
deficiencies m the appiopri.itions for the service of
the fiscal your ending June 30th, 1852." The
pending amendment of the Senate, proposed to
the clause of the original bill, which provides for
the payment of interest on the amount awarded
to the Choctaw claimants, under the fourteenth
article of the treaty of Dancing Rabbit Creek, in
1S30, was then read, as follows:
"Provided^ That aftei the 30th da\ of June, 185*2, ail
payments oi interest oil s-aul a waul? t=haH cimm;, and that
the Secretary of the Inteuoi bo, and he i-s hereby dneored
to pay said'claimants- the amount of principal awaided m
eaeit ea^e letpectuely. and that the amount necessary lor
tins purpose be, and the t-amo is hcieby appiopmtcd:
Provided further, That the final paununt and "-atMaction
ot said awards f-hnll be fint ratified and approved as a final
release ot all claims of Mich paitie>, imdci the fourteenth
mode of •-aid treaty. b\ the proper national authority of the
Choctaw s, in Mich form <t^ r-hall be piemen bed by the Sec-
retary ot ihe interior.-'1
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways 1
and Means propose to amend that amendment of
the Senate by inserting, on page twenty of the
punted bill, hne seventh of the amendment, after
the word " appropriated," the wouls "not ex-
ceeding >872,000.'"
The amendment is intended, as will be seen at
once by every member of the committee, to make
the item proposed fo be appropriated specific of
itself. I did not repaid the amendment proposed
by the committee as important, but the committee
did. It certainly does not do any harm. The
$372,000 is the exact amount that is due under the ,
treaty referred to. 1
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committee on Ways and Means a question
in relation to llih-. amendment. I see that m this
bill a provision is made for the payment oi the
interest of the lost fiscal year, and this other pro-
vision that thepiincipai shall be nn\vpaid. Again,
I find in the Indian appropriation bill ail appropri-
ation made for paying the interest for the present
fiscal year. I wish to know why that provision
was put u: the Indian Appropriation bill for paying
the inteieet on a principal, which piincipal. by the
provision of this* bill, is to be paid now '
Mr. HOUSTON. The reason why ihe Com-
mittee on Ways and Means inserted m the regular
Indian approruiaiion bill a provision lor paying
the interest fur the fiscal year ending June 30, 18.53,
upon the amounts awarded to the Choctaw In-
dians, was, that there was no proposition before
the comrmt?ee, when they reported the Indian
bill, for the payment of the principal. That bill
was reported to the House early hi January, I
think, very long before the bill now under consid-
eration was reported. This amendment, pro-
posing to pay up the principal and stop the inter-
est, now comes from the Senate. If v^e agree to
and pass this amendment, why. as a matter of
course, when we come to the Indian bill, the ap-
propriation therein, which has been referred to
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Hunter] must
be striken out. I do not see the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Williams,] who told me yester-
day that he had an amendment which he desired
to propose to this amendment of the Senate. X
will ask a vote upon the amendment proposed by.
the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out from the amendment offered by the committee,
the sum of $872,000, andT do it for the purpose
of stating one.or two reasons why I shall support
the amendment. T-Sy our treaty with the Choctaw
Indians, we owe them $872,000. Upon that
amount we are, and have been, paying interest at
the rate of five per cent, from the time the stock
became due, to them, under the treaty, down to
the present time; and we must continue to pay
that interest until this amount of principal is paid,
which of course will at some time have to be paid.
My rule is, that it is always best, in public as well
as in private affairs, to pay our debts when we
have the money, and thus stop the interest. As
we must at some time pay this debt, and as we
have as much money in the Treasury now as we
probably will have at any future time, and this
being one of the debts which we have a right to
pay without paying premium upon it, I think it
is a sound pahcy to make this appropriation, and
thereby liquidate the debt, and stop the interest.
I withdraw my amendment,
i Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. Allow me to say to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Williams,] that I
only ask now that the amendment proposed by the
committee shall be voted upon, and then the
amendment will be open to amendment.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw my motion to amend.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know wli^t the
amendment of the committee is. I want to make
a statement in regard to this matter. Perhaps I
do not understand it, but 1 think I do. This pro-
vision, Mr. Chairman, passed by theSenate, pro-
vides for the payment of §872,000, under the four-
teenth aiticle of the treaty of 1832, with the Choc-
taw Indians. That treaty provides that the first
payment of ^872,000 was fo be paid previous to
the removal of the Indians west of the Mississippi
river. The last §872,000 was not to be paid until
after they should haveemigrated west of that river.
According to the report of the Commissioner
of Indiau A/Fairs, there are some eleven hundred
Choctaw Indians not yet removed west. If this
amendment should pass, and this money be appro-
priated, it would be a \irtual violation of the treaty,
cind it does not accomplish the object that was de-
signed in appropriatmgthe £872,000, for theeleven
hundred.Indians remain unremoved to the west of
the Mississippi,
In addition to that, this money is not asked for
by the Choctaw nation: and I desire to offer an
amendment, which I will nowhave read, and which
will explain very fully my object. I desire the
Clerk to read the amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to have a vote
taken upon the amendment, and then let my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Williams] offer his amend-
ment. Let the vote be taken, so that we may be
able to make progress in this matter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I wish to have the amend-
ment read.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman can have his
amendment read for information, during the five
minutes to which he is entitled.
Mr. HOUSTON. Thegentleman has no ground
for mak!n<r a five minutes speech. I do not want
to be captious; but, on the contrary, want to hear
him; but let us proceed in order.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I withdrawmy amendment
for the ps esent.
The question was then taken on the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Ways and Means;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I offer, as an amendment
to the amendment as it now stands, what I send
to the Clerk's table.
The proposed amendment was read, as follows:
PijndcJ further, That said amount of fcc72,000 shall
nol tic p.ud nuul after the entire removal of ih<# Indians
\ve*tof the Mississippi, and then to such only as signify
then dcMri'. through the Choctaw agent, to have the, «ame
paid, and that the amount due to oiphans shall not be paid
until tlicv arrive at the age of twenty-one year*.
