1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
779
to order. I understand, that according to our
rules of order, the gentleman cannot debate the
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can only
proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir, I was remarking
that the estimates for the Indian Department have
not been under consideration in committee. A
large number of them have been rejected by the
Committee of Ways and Means, and that without
sufficient reason, as some of us believe. Now,
I say the House ought to give us time to investi-
gate the matter thoroughly.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must call the gentleman
to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Arkan-
sas can proceed only by unanimous consent.
Mr. PULLER. I object to this debate.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman cannot
proceed.
Mr. STUART. I desire to ask if it is in order
to move to amend the resolution, so as to close the
debate to-morrow at four o'clock?
Mr. JOHNSON. I moved to amend the reso-
lution by inserting the day after to-morrow.
Mr. KING. 1 understand the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Houston] is willing that the ques-
tion shall be taken upon the three propositions—
to-day, to-morrow, and the day after.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to understand the
proposition. The Chair called me to order when
he had no right to do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair begs leave to say |
to the gentleman from Arkansas, that it is by the
courtesy of the Chair and the House that he was
allowed to say one word upon the subject at all,
for it is not a debatable question.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is not a motion to close de-
bate a debatable question ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, and the Chair ha 6
so announced half a dozen times.
The question was being taken on the amend-
ment to the amendment under a division when—
Mr. FULLER, of Maine, inquired upon which
day the amendment to the amendment proposed
to close debate.
The SPEAKER. It proposes to close debate
to-morrow, at four o'clock.
Mr. STUART called for tellers, which were or-
ordered; and Messrs. Ewing and Stuart ap-
pointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 45.
So the amendment to the amendment was adopt-
ed.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the adoption of the resolution as amended, the
effect of which will be to close debate to-morrow,
at four o'clock.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table; ;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the unanimous consent of ■
the House to introduce an unobjectionable resolu-
tion, which will not occupy any time. _ ;
The resolution was then read for information,
as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures, now
havui" undei consideration the claims of the American
exhibitor* at tile World's Fair, be instructed to take into
consideration tlic brilliant victory won by the \ aciit Amer-
ica, and recommend such action as they may deem proper
for Oongre.-s to take on the subject.
Mi. PHELPS objected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into (he Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
THE DEFICIENCY BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committtee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Meabf. in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, it had under consideration House bill xNo.
207,'making appropriation to supply deficiencies.
The question being upon the adoption of the first
clause thereof, and upon that question the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Appleion] has the floor.
Mr. APPLETON addressed the House during
| an hour, upon the condition and principles of the
Democratic party; and expressed his belief that
that party would be harmonious after the presi-
dential nomination, and would succeed in the ap-
proaching election.
Mr. TOWNSHEND spoke an hour, and de-
fined the position of the Democratic party of Ohio,
as he understood it, in regard to the compromise
measures. He expressed his belief that that par-
ty would not sustain those measures as a totality
and finality, if insisted on by the Baltimore Con-
vention. Messrs. Olds and Edgerton dissented
from his views.
[These speeches will be found in the Appen-
dix.]
Mr. CHANDLER obtained the floor.
Mr. NABERS. Mr. Chairman, have I the
floor ?
Mr. CHANDLER. If the gentleman from
Mississippi has any more family troubles to bring
up, I will cheerfully resign the floor to him.y
[Laughter.]
Mr. lYAtSERS. I do not claim the floor,
Mr. CHANDLER. I rose to make a few re-
marks, but I understand the honorable gentleman
on the other side of the House [Mr. Nabers] has i
it in contemplation to address the committee on a j
subject which will be more germane to what has j
been said than any thing I shall be likely to say,
[laughter.] 1 will, however, if he will allow me,
make a very few reniaiks, and then take my seat.
Mr. NABERS. 1 hope the gentleman will go
on and make his speech. I do not claim the floor.
However, I am much obliged to the gentleman for
his courtesy.
Mr. CHANDLER. We have now before us
a bill, reported to this House on the 20th of Feb-
ruary. It has been discussed for several days in
this committee, or at least it ought to have been;
but I presume not one word of this bill has ever
been read in this committee by the Clerk.
Mr. Chairman, I rise to make a speech, not
upon any troubles existing in the Democratic or
the Whig party in the State of Pennsylvania. They
have a common field where they settle their trou-
bles, and to which they resort whenever they find
it necessary for either branch to break a lance with
the other. They never would appear upon the
floor with a complaint of the wrong doings of this
or that branch of the party. They would never
come here to laud the Democracy or the Whiggery
of that State. They know, and they try to show,
that they were sent here for other purposes.
Mr. Chairman, a great mistake has been com-
mitted by the representatives of the people on this
llooi. One of the first things that a man owes to
himself is self-respect. And one of the first things
a legislative body owes to itself is the exhibition
of that self-respect. I will not say it has not been
exhibited here; but there is going abroad a report
of the proceedings of this body upon this very ;
bill, which is bringing upon this House that con- |
tempt of the people, which, in time, if fostered by }
a continuance of the cause, will do more to endan- j
ger the republican institutions of the country, and 1
centralize power, than ah the efforts of a corrupt i
Executive could ever produce.
Never, sir, in a country like this, can the legisla- .
tive branch of the Government lose its power, its
due weight, until, by neglecting the legitimate ob-
ject of its creation, it proceeds to snatch from the
people their reserved privileges, or gives itself up
to the dictation of an ambitious executive. Sir, >
legislative power ne\er recedes from the legisla- ■
ture, until its legislators themselves concede, by
their conduct, that they are unfit to exercise it. j
To make the laws is our business; to make rulers ;
and law-makers is the business of the people.
But, sir, it will be better for the House to earn the ,
anger of the people,than to acquire their contempt.
The former may vent itself in displacing the indi-
viduals that compose this body; the Tatter will
result in inquiries into the tt.se of this body._
But, Mr. Chairman, I hear much talking of
dangers to the institutions of the country, and the
dangers, too, that are springing from some of our '
party organizations. But there are dangers ap-
parently unnoticed by this House—dangers which,
though not springing from our own institutions,
are nevertheless around and near us; danger stalk-
ing abroad in this country ! to which the President
0^the United States has alluded in his annual
message—dangers, sir, greater than can spring up
from our own people and our own institutions, :
which are being ingrafted with these evil heresies
brought from abroad, and presented with a view of
being made a part of our own institutions. And
yet, sir, that message has never been referred to
the appropriate committees. The Committee on
Foreign Relations has never been dir&tted, by this
House, to consider that portion of the message
which would lead to a consideration of our policy
of non-interference with- the institutions of other
countries, and of the propriety of considering how
far people from other countries may, by interfer-
ence with our institutions, disturb the political
peace of this nation by inappropriate associations,
or the destruction of social quiet and individual
morals by the promulgation of sentiments which,
if allowed to operate, would work out the destruc-
tion of a republican form of government, which
can only exist with the predominance of virtue.
Yet, sir, instead of moving to the detection and
/the correction of such evils, we are sitting here "in
cold debate" upon the character and quality of the
old rotten boards of the Baltimore platform. Sir,
the constant recurrence of speakers to "a platform "
to be erected is most grating to my ears.
There is danger, imminent danger, in these plat-
forms. They are set up, sir, to attract the eye,
and insure the reverence and consent of those who
are of party discipline; but, sir, they are no more
the images of constitutional requirements or privi-
leges than was the image which Nebuchadnezzar
set up in the province of Babylon, a likeness of
the true God, though all must fall down and do
worship.
That last, however, Mr. Chairman, may be re-
gaided as a party evil, of which, if the Democrats
do not complain, I do not know that I need trouble
myself; and even though they did, it would, per-
haps, be enough for me to oiler the complainants
an asylum in the Whig ranks without attempting
any interference in their behalf.
But the evil is of national extent, and is work-
ing in* the general mind, an indifference to the pure
teachings of the Constitution, that will finally
allow that glorious instrument to sink into obliv-
ion, and party platforms suggested by party wants,
local conveniences, and temporary expediences,
will usurp, in the affections and regard of the peo-
ple, that reverence and that obedience which are
alone the right of the Constitution. Mr. Chair-
man, I tremble for the country, when, on this
floor, I hear party men avowing themselves men's
men instead of the nation's men, and see them
seizing on some rotten plank of a decayed, or some
green and sappy contribution to a rising, platform,
and trusting to that more than to the Constitution
of the country. On various sides of me, but as
yet always from the Democratic party, I hear the
confession: " I am of Paul, I am of Apollos, and I
of Cephas." Sir, give me the man as a candidate
or a voter, who lays his hand on the organic law
of the nation and says, I am for the Constitution, I
of Washington.
Mr. Chairman, day by day have we listened to
these speeches; and what is the cause of it ? Why,
not long since,the^e was aproposition introduced
into this House, by which the printing of a cer-
tain document—which should be very costly—
should be given to a certain establishment in this
city—'' the Organ," it is said, " of the Democratic
i party." Of that organ, I have nothing to say. I
j know nothing bad of it beyond its party affinities.
' Its tones are discordant to my political ear. But
| we have heard, at different times, its groans and
i wailmgs, through its friends, for want of the usual
j pabulum. That pabulum was notgiven to it; and
' what has been the re&ult here upon the floor of this
: House ? Why, every day we see men resorting
! to means to carry out a party measure, and keep
; up party discipline, at the expense of the national
, Treasury.
: Mr. Chairman, I am not so ignorant of the
1 ways and means of parties, as not to know that the
! patronage of the Government is likely to flow into
; the channel which will most promote the views of
the majority. I do not complain of the effort to
sustain a party paper: but I do complain, and I
have aright to complain, that the party having
! failed in its attempt to procurc liberal patronage for
' their paper, so that it might act upon the question
| of the Baltimore Convention, should seize upon
I the timeofthis House, and transform our Chamber
, into a party caucus, to influence the election ot
|l delegates, or the opinions and votes of delegates,
| to the Baltimore Convention.
