1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfi.
181
Mr. STANTON, of Ohio. I have risen a dozen
times,and have not got the privilege. I object.
Mr. BARRER.E, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported the following bills as correctly
enrolled, viz:
An act for the relief of James Furguson, sur-
viving partner of the firm of Furguson &Milhado;
an act for the relief of "Williams, Staples, & Wil-
liams; an act for the relief of Philip Miller; and
the joint resolution for the relief of Elizabeth
Prewitt, widow and executrix of Robert C. Prew-
itt, deceased; which, severally, were signed by the
Speaker.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want just to say to the
House, that it is proper that we should clear the
Speaker's table of the communications and bills
that are there. I therefore ask the House to pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table. It
will not take more than half an hour.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish to be permitted to
state that I have looked over the bills upon the
Speaker's table. They are few in number, and I
know cannot occasion debate. I hope unanimous
ronsent will be erven to clear the Speaker's table.
Mr. SMART. I object.
On motion by Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky,
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, &e.
The following petitions, inemoiials, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees •
By Mr. PEA3LEE: The petition of Jacob A. Chesley
and others, citizens of New Hampshire, against the exten-
sion of the WoodwoitH patent.
By Mr. GORMAIV : Joint resolutions of the Legislature
ol the State of Indiana, proyingan appropriation foracaiul i
around the rapids of St. Mary's river. ;
Also, the joint resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana,
foi an Agueultural Bureau.
Also, the joint resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana,
asking an appropriation to elect public buildings at Indian- :
Lndiana ]
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois: The memorial ofsun- i
dry citizens of Galena, Illinois, piaving the grant of one !
Jiundiod and sixty acre* of land to each member of the
•* Western Farm and Village Association." !
Al o. th<j petition of A. C. Hardin? and 108 others, cm- '
zens ot the county of Wanen. m the'State of Illinois, piay-
itiii for a grant ofland to aid mtiie constiuehon of a railroad
from Burlington, in Jowa, through Peoria, in Illinois to j
Lafayette, in Indiana. ;
Also, the remonstrance ofLemuel Andrews and 200 other :
citizens of the county of Rock Island, in the State of Illi-
nois, against the Woodworth patent. j
By Mr. WELCH : The petition of citizens of Ponieroy, j
Ohio, tor a canal aiound the falls of the Ohio river. 1
By Mr. BURROWS: The memorial of the executive
board of the New York State A^ricultuial Society, a5kmg
I'or the establishmpnt of an Agricultural Bureau.
By Mr JOHNSON, of Ohio : The memorial of James
McMatii and 4*2 other citizens ofTuscaiawascouncv, m re-
lation to the Wheeling budge.
AlbO, the remonstrance of John Patton and 58 other citi-
zen* of Tnscaravvas county, against the renewal of tne
Woodworth patentJ
By Mr. WATKINS: The petition of 110 citizens of Ten-
nes-Le. for a post route from Marshall^ Ferry to Ilav's
Feriy. Tennessee.
Al.-o. tlv petition of 150 citizen5? of Tennessee, for a post
route fiom Svcamore to Sneedville, Tennessee.
By Mr BELL: The petition of citizen^ of Darke coun-
ty, Ohio, piajnig for amailroutefmm Gteenville, in Darke
count}, via Dallas to Cdina. in Mercer comity.
By Sir. OOODEN'OW . The memorial of sundry citir.cns
nftbe pent-! of G.vdsner and PifMon, in the district of Bath,
Maine, ngam.st the repeal of aa act passed March 3,1847,
relating to p'oce^d'ns^ m admiralty, Szc.
By Mr. sSCHERMERIIORN ■ A memorial of the city of
Roche, ter, \ew York, pia\mg that tlir terms of lite Cir-
cuit Court of the United States foi the Northern District of
New York, may be appointed b) law, to be held m the city
o: Rochester, and offering the use of a eouit-room and a
law hbrarv fice ofanychaige.
By Mr. \VASHBfJRN : A remonstrance of Thomas Mc-
■Danie! anil 1G others, of Penobscot county, Maine, against
the renewal of the patent of Austin &. Zehnlon Parker.
Also, the lemonstranceof M. Buck and 51 others, of said
county, again-t the same.
By Mr. SIBLEY: The memorial of 676 citizens of the
United States residing in New York city, praving the errant
of 160 acres of laud to each member of the " We&temFaim
and Village Association/' sitid grants to be selected fiom
any part of the public domain between Lake Michigan and
the" Koekv Mountains, upon condition that improvement
and s-ejilement be made thereon before the 15tii ot July,
1 B.V2.
By Mr BEVNETT : A petition of 112 citizens of P. am-
bridge, Cncnango,county, New York, in behalf of the
"Western Kartn and Village Association ,?m New Yoik.
By Mr. CHANDLER. Three icmonstrances of numer-
ous eiuzcns of Philadelphia, agamstaienewalof the patent
tor Wood woith's planing machine.
Also, a-*!<«'d and obtained peimission to w ithdraw the pa-
pers of Alice Dowhn. to be referred to the Committer on
invalid f\-n>ions.
Bv Mi. rVErf : A memorial ot 73 citizens of the county
of Jeiler^on, New Yoik, on behall of the a Western Farm
and Village A^oi'ianon " of the city nf New Yoik.
By Mi. DOTY: The petition of Charles Combs, Edgar
M. Peddoek and other citizens of Ripon, m Wisconsin,
asking for n grant of H'1 acrea of land to the members
of the Western Farm and Village Association, anywhere
between Lake Michigan and the Rocky Mountains.
By Mr. THOMPSON, of Massachusetts: The memorial
of Alonzo Stewart and others, m behalf of the " Western
Farm and Village Associatien" of the city of New York.
By Mr. ASHE: The petition of Duncan MeBride and
others, against the extension of the Parker patent.
By Mr. BRIGGS : A memorial from officers of banks in
the city of New York, asking Congress to abolish the spirit
ration m the Navy.
Also, a memorial from insurance companies in the city of
New York, asking Congress to abolish the spirit ration in
the Navy.
Also, a memorial from the merchants m the city of New
York, asking Congress to abolish the spirit ration in the
Navy.
Also, a memorial of sundry citizens of New York, ask-
ing Congress to abolish the spirit ration in the Navy.
By Mr. ALLEN, of Illinois: The petition ofL. W. Wil-
lis and others, citizens ot Massac county, Illinois, asking
that a mail route may be established from Metropolis city,
m the State of Illinois, via Brooklyn, to Paducah, in the
State of Kentucky.
By Mr. MACE : The memorial of Jerome B. Odell and
Tehumacus Odell, assistant marshals of Tippecanoe coun-
ty, Indiana, asking additional pay for taking the census.
By Mr. GROW: The petition of citizens of Susque-
hanna county, Pennsylvania,for a mail route from DuntfSjT,
in said county, to Lanesboro, on the New York and Erie
Railroad, msaid county.
Also, the petition of "citizens of Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, toi a mail route from West Franklin post office,
in said count)*, to Alba post office, in said county.
Also, the petition of citizens of Sinquehannah and Tioga
county, Pennsylvania, in favor of intervention.
Also, a remonstrance of 162 citizens of Susquehannah
county, against the renewal of the Woodworth patent.
By Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana: The memorials of Thomas
C. W. Sale, J. B. Hays, and Jarid C. Jocelyn, of Indiana,
praying additional compensation for their services in taking
the Seven til Census.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 18, 1852.
Prayer by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The PRESIDENT protein, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication frojn the Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the 15th
instant, transmitting a map of the Territory of New
Mexico, compiled by Brevet Second Lieutenant
John G. Parker; which was read.
On motion by Mr. CHASE, it was
Ordered, That thp leportbe printPd, and that the map be
engraved under the direction of the Topographical Bureau. N
A motion by Mr. CHASE, to print two thou-
sand additional copies of the report and accom- li
panying map, was referred to the Committee on '
Printing.
The PRESIDENT protein, laid before the Sen- 1
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi- ,
eating, m compliance with a resolution of the Sen- i
ate, the amount that has been paid to officers of ■ j
the Army during the year ending July 1, 1851, on
account of double rations: which was read and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs. |
ThePRESiDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen- '
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communica- 1
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, j
the amount paid to officers holding brevet cpm- ;
missions above the amount of their pay in the line '!
during the year ending July 1, 1851; which was
read and referred to the Committee on Military ;
Affairs. !
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial of the |
Legislature of Wisconsin relative to the jurisdic- -
tion of the United States district court for that :
State; which was referred to the Committee on,
the Judiciary.
Also, three petitions of inhabitants of Wiscon- .
sin, praying* an extension of the time for which :
preemptions to the public lands are granted;
which were referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. WELLER presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California relative to the civil fund
of that State; which was referred to the Committee 1
on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Califor- !
ma in favor of increasing thesalariesof the United ;
States district judges in that State; which was re- 1
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ADAMS presented a memorial of the Le-
gislature of Mississippi, praying a reduction of
the price of the public lands m the Augusta and
Washington land districts; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to
he printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a peti-
tion of residents of the town of Stockbridge, Wis-
consin, graying the appointment of a commissioner
to examine ana settle all questions of controversy-
relating to lands in the Stockbridge reservation;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs,
Mr. DOUGrLAS presented the petition of A.
W. Denham, praying an extra compensation for
services as superintendent of laborers during the
erection of the General Post Office building; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the Legislature of Ten-
nessee, on the filed oftbe Senate, relating to the establish-
ment of a marine hospital at Memphis, be referred to the
Committee on Commerce,
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That W. W. Chapman have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
_ Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to which was referred the memo-
rial of the heirs of Colonel William Grayson, of
the revolutionary army, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for their relief; which was
read and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. WALKER gave notice of his intention to
ask leaveto introduce the following bills:
A bill to grant the right of way and make a
donation of public land to the State of Wisconsin,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Man-
itoowoc to the Mississippi river, in that State.
A bill to restrict and limit the jurisdiction of the
district court of the United States for the district
of Wisconsin.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the payment to the State of Missouri two
per centum of the net proceeds of the sales of public
lands therein, heretofore reserved iinder a compact
with said State; which was rend a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CREDIT TO RAILROAD COMPANIES.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance he instructed
to inquire into the expediency of giving to railroad compa
mes twelve months' tune m which to pay the duty on rail-
road iron.
BATTLE OF CERRO GORDO.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish to the Senate a copy of the supplemental leport of
the battle of Cerro Goido, made by General G. J. Pillow
to General \V. Scott, recently filed in theWai Department
by General Scott, and winch has never been published.
POSTAL STATISTICS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lutions for consideration:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
report to the Senate the whole number of letters which
passed through the post offices of tne United States during
the fiscal year ended June 3D, 1851, distinguishing the paid
from the unpaid, those paid by stamps from those paid by
cash, also the number of free letters.
Also, the aggregate number of drop letters during the same
period.
Also, the amount of printed matter, number of newspa-
pers and periodicals sent through the post offices* dining the
same period, distinguishing the paid from the free ; and if
thisi be not practicable, then to furnish an estimate thereof.
Also, the number of dead letters returned to the Geneiai
Po«t Office durine the same period, and the amount of post-
age due thereon ; the amount of pi operty found m the same ;
the amount restored to owneis, and the amount for which
no owners have been found, and the d^posiuor. made of the
balance on hand.
Also, the cost of the transportation of the mails and the
postage collected in each of the sevetal States during the
same period.
Also, the number of letters conveyed dining the same
period by the Cunard, Collins. Bremen, and Havie lines of
steamers respectively, distinguishing the paid ft om the un-
paid ; also the number of newspapers conve\ed by the
same lines respectively, and the amount of postage collected
on the same.
Also, to report the amount of postage collected by each of
■ the said lines, m the United States and Great Britain, le-
i spectively; and the amount of commisoions paid to our
: postmaster"? on the balance due and paid to the Bntish Gov-
! ernment on account of postage.
Also, the number of dead letters returned to the United
I States and Great Britain respectively, under the po«tai
i treafy, and the amount of pontage due thereon.
