1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1693
mileage, which this committee understand as well
as I do. ' If all the Senators should charge con-
structive mileage and per diem, it would amount to
$52,066 80. Some of the Senators, however, did
riot claim constructive mileage, and of the appro-
priation which was made at the last Congress for
the per diem and mileage of Senators for this ses-
sion, the Secretary of the Senate has paid out for
the constructive mileage and pay during the spe-
cial session, $45,216 80. The claim of Senators
for constructive mileage, creates adeficiency in the
amount of money appropriated at the last session
of Congress for the payment of their per diem and
mileage at this session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is one of the
amendments for which I cannot vote. At the last
session of Congress, in making an appropriation
for the services of the fiscal year ending the 30th
day of June, 1852, there was appropriated in the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, §835,000
for the per diem and mileage of Senators, Repre-
sentatives, and Delegates, during that year, and
extending up to some time in August. Of that
$835,000, the Speaker of this House has drawn
$645,000. The Secretary of the Senate has drawn
$190,040. The Secretary of the Senate had in his
possession twelve thousand and some odd dollars
of the unexpended balance of the appropriation of
the former year, making $202,000, round num-
bers, in his hands.
That amount, sir, would have been more than
sufficient to have paid them up to this time, had
not the mileage been estimated, and paid for the
extra session commencing on the 4th of March,
1851. As will be seen, the Senate adjourned at
twelve o'clock m. on the 4tli of March, 1851, as
those who were here well recollect; and immediate-
ly, I presume, without going out of the Senate
Chamber, reassembled, under a summons of the
President of the United States, to transact Execu-
tive business. They were in session ten days, and
it will be seen from the estimates of the Secretary
of the Senate, that the constructive mileage of that
session, was $48,044 80. They now ask for
$44,000 as a deficiency up to the 11th, I believe,
of August. If the constructive mileage had not
been taken, they would have still had a surplus of
$4,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me correct the gentle-
man's facts. Some of the Senators were entitled to
mileage.
Mr. JONES. 1 beg the gentleman's pardon.
No new Senators came in.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken.
Some new Senators did coine it.
Mi. JONES. After tfie fact, that on the 3d of
March, 1851, Congress passed, and the President
approved, an act which expressly prohibits the Sen-
ators froip taking mileage at the Executive session,
which shall be called on the 4th of March, 1853,
and at each succeeding period of four years there-
after, to pass upon the appointments of the new
President, then coming into office; it does seem
to me that such action on the part of the Senators,
in taking constructive mileage, was wrong, and
therefore I cannot vote for the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
adopting the amendment proposed by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr. Houston.]
Mr. ROBBINS. Let the amendment be read.
The amendment was accordingly read, as above
inserted.
Mr. SWEETSER. Is it in order to offer an
amendment to that amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the amendment to the amendment, and it was
rejected.
The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
to.
The amendment next in order (the twentieth)
was read by the Cleric, an follows:
" For the payment of Jamo-i \V. Hale, of the city of New
Yoik, m lull, toi discharging the duties of dispatch agent,
from September, 1849, to June, JB.'jO, inclusive, the <sum oi
$600."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe, Mr.
Chairman, the next amendment in order is the one
on page 21, " To enable the Secretary of the Sen-
ate to pay for the copies of the report of Doctor
David Dale Owen, United States Geologist," &c.
The CHAIRMAN. That is a part of the
amendment, which has just been adopted.
Mr. JONES. We did not pass upon it. We
merely passed upon that part of the amendment
relating to the contingent expenses of the Senate.
When that was read through, the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] the chairman of the
committee, proposed his amendment. It is true
that it is put down as one amendment, but we take
it up by clauses.
The CHAIRMAN. A vote on part of an
amendment could not be taken.
Mr. JONES. But the Chair will not certainly
decide that an amendment would be passed with-
out reading it, and without a vote upon it ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment may be
read again, though the vote must be taken upon
an amendment as a whole.
Mr. JONES. Cannot we call for a division of
an amendment? By turning to the rules you will
see that we have a right to. I call for a division
of the amendment.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. The first
part of the amendment was read; and by general
consent we can take up the amendment by a divis-
ion of it.
Mr. JONES. Then I move to strike out that
part of the Senate amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman should
have done that before the vote was taken.
Mr. JONES. The vote has not been taken,
because the amendment has not been read to the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
the amendment may be now read as a whole; and
if the House has "labored unde/an error, the amend-
ment can be reconsidered.
Mr. JONES. I ask the Chair to refer to the
rule concerning a division of a question.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut. I take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, that this
amendment cannot be divided.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest,
that the question upon which the gentleman from
Connecticut would take an appeal is not, at this
time, before the committee. The Clerk informs
the Chair that, through inadvertence, the whole
amendment was not read. The remainder of it
will now be read.
Mr. JONES. I ask the Chair, if he has any
doubts about the propriety of dividing the amend-
ment, to refer to the rule.
The Clerk then read the remainder of the amend-
I ment above referred to, as follows:
" To enable the Secretary of the Senate to pay for the
copies ofthe report of Dr. David Dale Owen, United States
Geologist, on the geology of Iowa and Wisconsin, and
Minnesota Temtory, heretofore ordered to be executed for
the use of the Senate, under the special direction of the
Commissioner of the General (.and Office, $31,218 75:
Provided, That no more than fifty cents a copy shall be paid
foi the binding of the book.
" To enable the Clerk ofthe House of Representatives to
pay for tlnee thousand five hundred copies of the report of
Dr. David Dole Ovvi-n, on the geology of Iowa, and Wis-
consin, and Minnesota Territory, ordered by aresolution of
the House ot Representatives, to be executed undei the
special direction of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, $16,187 50: Provided, That no more than fifty cents
a copy shall be paid for the binding of the book.
"For contingent expenses of the Library of Congress,
$800. • 
Mr. JONES. I ask for a separate vote upon
the last part ofthe amendment, the one which has
just been read.
The CHAIRM AN. What rule did the gentle-
man refer to ?
Mr. STANTON, of Tenneesee. I suggest to
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jokes,] that
it is in his power to move to strike out any part
ofthe amendment which he wishes to vote upon.
Mr. JONES. The rule I referred to is the 53d.
It is as follows:
" Any nienibei may call for a division of a question,
which shall he diwdeii, if it comprehends piopositions m
substance so distinct that, one being taken away, a sub-
stantive pioposition I-Iiall remain for the deei.-mn ot tile
House."
I think this is a case clearly within the rule.
The propositions are separate and distinct, and
have no connection with each other whatever.
The first branch of the amendment has been voted
upon, and concurred in, and the other branches
must be considered.
The second branch of the amendment is for
printing and binding the geological reports of Da-
vid Dale Owen, ordered under a resolution of the
Senate.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to amend it ?
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; I propose to strike it
out altogether. It was ordered that this docu-
ment should be printed, under the supervision of
the General Land Office. That was construed by
the Commissioner, and perhaps by the Secretary
of the Senate—but I do not know how that is—
that it authorized him to go and make a separate
contract for the printing of this document, when,
sir, the law provided that the printer to Congress
should do this work. There was no authority in
the resolution, ordering it to be printed under the
supervision of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, that he should have power to make
a separate contract. The only object, I conceive,
that was intended by directing it to be printed un-
der the superintendence of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, was that he might have
the correction of the proof slieets, and see that it
was properly and correctly printed.
The Committee on Ways and Means think it
should be paid for, as other printing of Congress
is, out of the contingent fund of the two Houses.
The first item is to pay for the printing and
binding the Senate part of the document, and the
second for printing and binding the House part.
Mr. LOCKHART. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment now proposed to be stricken out of the bill
under consideration is the appropriation necessary
to pay the expenses of publishing the report of
Dr. David Dale Owen on the geology of Iowa,
Wisconsin, and Minnesota. As a geologist Dr.
Owen has but few equals—probably no superior
in this or any other country. The work, sir, is
one of very great merit. As a literary production
it will take a very high rank; as a scientific work
it will have no superior in that branch of science.
To the artisan and others who may hereafter wish
to settle upon the great coal-fields or mineral lands
of the Mississippi valley, this report will be of
incalculable value. If I understand correctly the
objections which the honorable gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Jones] urges against this appro-
priation, they are—first, that the Commissioner
of the General Land Office has exceeded his au-
thority in procuring the work to be done by any
other than the public printer and binder; and sec-
ondly, that if he had this authority, the publica-
tion ought to be paid out of the contingent fund
of each House. In answer to the first objection,
it will only be necessary to read the resolution of
the Senate and House, to show that the Commis-
sioner had ample and complete authority to do
precisely as he has done. The Clerk will please
read the resolution of the Senate and then the res-
olution of the House.
They were read as follows:
" In Sfnate of the United States, J
(< March 13,1851. \
Resolved, That the forthcoming repoit of Dr. David Dale
Owen, United States Geologist, on the geology of Iowa and
Wi.-consin, and also the forthcoming repoit of Messrs. Fos-
ter and Whitney, United States Geologists,"in relation to
the iron region of Lake Superior, in Michigan, i>e ordeicd
to he printed, together with the maps, diagrams, sketches
of scenery, and illustrations which will accompany the
same respectively, and that the work be executed during
the recess of Congress, under the special dnectipn of the
Commissioner ofthe General Land Office, in time to he
pi evented to Congress at an early day of the next session,"
"House of Representatives, \
February 11, 1850. )
"Resolved, That there be printed forthe'useof this House
three thousand five hundred copies of the final report of
Doctor D. D. Owen, on the geology of Wisconsin, Iowa,
and Minnesota, and that such be executed m the sam«j
form and mie, and undei the same special contract which
ha> been authonzed by the Senate, to be entered into by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,-and that five
hundred copies he set apart for the disposal of said office "
These resolutions show in the most clear and
unequivocal manner that the Commissioner has
not exceeded his authority. The Senate resolu-
tion, it will be observed, required the Commis-
sioner to have the work executed in time to be
presented to Congress at an early day of the ses-
sion of the present Congress. Tt was well kngjvn
to Congress, and to the Commissioner, that the
public printer could not do this work if he would,
sb it is idle to say that the public printer should
have been employed.
As to the second objection, I have only to say,
that the publication has been under the personal
supervision and inspection of Doctor Owen, who
has done all m his power to have the work done
as cheaply as it could have been done in the
United States. I have a specimen before me,
which I ask members to examine. It will be one
of the best, neatest, and cheapest publications
