782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 18,
Also, the same with regard to dead letters returned to the
UnitedJHates and Bremen respectively.
Also*the amount required from and paid to thft British
' Government on account of closed mails, and the rates per
ounce of such conveyance.
Also, the amount paid for the transmission of letters to
the Continent of Europe, and to China by the Oriental line
of steamers; also tiie number of letters sent to China, via
Marseilles.
Also, the number of letters conveved between New York
and California, and also between New York and Oregon,
via Chagres and Panama, and the amount of postage col-
lected thereon, distinguishing the paid from the unpaid, and
the number of free letters, and the number of newspapers,
and the postage thereon.
Also, the number of letters and newspapers conveyed by
the Charleston and Havana stealner, and the amount of
postage collected thereon. ,
Aho, the number of ship letters received during the same
period in the offices of the United States, and the amount
paid for the same.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested, in
his next annual report for the fiscal year ending 30th June,
1852, to imbody answers for that period to the inquiries in
the preceding resolution.
BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills were severally read
a third time, and passed:
A bill granting the right of way to the State of
Missouri, and a portion of the puhlic lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Hannibal to
Saint Joseph, in said State.
The title of the above bill was amended by strik-
ing out all after the words "construction of," and
inserting "certain railroads in that State."
A bill granting to the State of Arkansas the right
of way and a portion of the public lands, to aid in
the construction of the Arkansas Central railroad
from a point on the western bank of the Mississippi
river, opposite the town of Memphis, Tennessee,
by way of Little Rock, to a point on Red river,
on the border of Texas.
The bill having first been amended on the mo-
tion of Mr. Borlvnd, by inserting at the end of
the third section the following words:
" Which land shall, from time to time, be offered af pub-
lic sale to the highest bidder, under the dnection of the
Seeretaiy of the Interior, and '•hall not be subject to entry
until Ihey shall have been so offered at public sale.*'
The title of the above bill was amended by
striking out all after the words "construction of,"
and inserting "certain railroads m that State."
A bill granting to the State of Alabama the right
of way and a donation of public land, for making
a railroad from Selma to the Tennessee river.
A joint resolution to provide for straightening
the eastern boundary line of the naval hospital
lands at New York.
A bill to authorize the State of Wisconsin to
select the residue of the lands to which that State
is entitled, under the act of the 8th of August,
1846, to aid in the improvement of the Fox and
"Wisconsin rivers.
A bill making an appropriation for the erection
of a marine hospital at Portland, Maine.
ASSIGNABILITY OF LAND WARRANTS.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that the House had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagreeing J
votes of the two Houses, on the bill to make land i
Warrants assignable, and for o'her purposes. i
The Senate proceeded to consider the report of j
the committee of conference on the disagreeing I
votes of the two Houses on the above bill, and it j
was amended accordingly. j
NON-INTERVENTION. j
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of j
the joint resolution affirming the doctrine of non- j
intervention; when j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, rose and addressed ;
the Senate at length in favor of the resolution. j
Mr. CASS replied, and Mr. JONES, rejoined. !|
[For the speech of Mr. Jones, and reply of Mr. \\
Cass, see Appendix.] j|
Mr. SOULE. I wish to say something on this j
question, and 1 wish to deiiver my views as early
as may be convenient to the Senate. I would not J
undertake now to address the Senate, as it is !i
rather late; but with the leave of the Senate I will i|
take possession of the floor, and move that the J
further consideration of the subject be postponed j
until Monday.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I want simply to :
call the attention of the honorable Senator from :!
Michigan to one fact, m which I think he is mis- 'I
taken in regard to the history of the resolution to i|
which he has referred. When hespoke of having ']
introduced the resolution which was voted down,
I supposed that he referred to the resolution which
he introduced in relation to suspending diplomatic
relations with Austria.
Mr. CASS. I did.
Mr. HALE. Well, I have some recollection
of that resolution. 1 felt some interest in it at the
time, and I think if the honorable Senator will
examine the matter, he will find that he is mista-
ken. On the 15th of December, 1849, at the com-
mencement of that session, the honorable Senator
introduced his resolution in relation to suspending
diplomatic relations with Austria. I proposed an
amendment to it. It was called up several times,
and several gentlemen addressed the Senate upon
it until the 5th of February, 1850, and then Mr.
Foote, at that time a member of the Senate from
Mississippi, stated that he held in his hand certain
resolutions which he proposed to offer, and that
one was to be proposed by his friend from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Soui.e.] and that the honorable Senator
frgm Michigan had consented to receive those
three resolutions as a substitute for his original
one. I withdrew my amendment then, and upon
the motion of Mr. Foote those resolutions were
assigned and made the special order for a future
day. They were never called up afterwards, and
there was never any vote taken upon them ac-
cording to my recollection, as the Journals of the
Senate will show. That is the statement which I
desired to make.
Mr. CASS. I was under the impression that
a vote had been taken.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; there was no vote taken.
Mr. CASS. If there was not a vote taken, it
was because it was evident that a majority of the
Senate were not in favor of the resolution.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
On motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 18,1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. 1IIBBARD. I wish to ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to move that the
House proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table, so far as to fake up and refer certain Execu-
tive communications and certain bills from the
Senate. If the House will permit me to say, I
have looked over the bills from the Senate. They
are few in number, and I am confident the question
of their reference can occasion no debate. It is
understood I wish for leave to proceed so far as to
take up these two classes of cases: reports from
Executive Departments and bills from the Senate.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the consideration of the report of the committee
of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] in view of the con-
dition of debate upon the deficiency bill, will not
press that now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no control
over that question at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the House to pass that
over for to-day, as debate upon the deficiency bill
is limited to four o'clock to-day. 1 have therefore
submitted the motion to go into committee.
Mr. JONES. It will take up but little time.
The call for the previous question has been sec-
onded.
The SPEAKER. That is the regular business |
in order, but the Chair thinks it competent for the !
gentleman from Alabama to make his motion.
Mr. JONES. I hope the House w;ll not go
into committee, as this is a very important ques-
tion—as much so as the deficiency bill—and
should be disposed of immediately.
The question being on the motion of Mr. Hous-
ton—
Mr. HART called for tellers, which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Fuller, of Maine, and Ha-
ven were appointed.
Mr. COBB. If we take up for consideration
the report of the committee of conference on the
bill for the assignability of land warrants, I would
inquire whether it would take up more than thirty
or forty minutes ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is unable to reply
to the gentleman. He cannot determine how
long it will take.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—the tellers having reported—ayes 55,
noes 68.
So the House refused to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
ASSIGNABILITY OF BOUNTY LAND WAR-
RANTS REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE OF
CONFERENCE.
Mr. JONES called up for consideration the re-
port of the committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. Upon the question of the
adoption of the report of the committee of con-
ference, the call for the previous question was sec-
onded. The question now is, shall the mam ques-
tion be now put? It was so ordered.
The question now being on concurring in the
report of the committee of conference,
Mr. JONES demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. COBB. I ask for the reading of the bill aa
proposed to be amended.
Mr.HOUSTON, Iobject. Iwanttogetthrough
with this business.
Mr. COBB. -I rise to a question of order. If a
request is made for the reading of the bill, which
is objected to, should not the question be put to the
House? I am opposed to this one man power.
The SPEAKER. If the gentlemen will listen
to the facts, the Chair will state that the report of
the committee of conference, and the bill as pro-
posed to be amended, was read on yesterday.
The Chair overrules the point of order
Mr. HOUSTON. My colleague will find it in
: the Globe, where he can read it, and understand
it much better than if it were read from the desk.
Mr. BOCOCK. Is-the vote about to be taken
on agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
ference?
The SPEAKER. The question now being put
is upon agreeing to the amendments proposed by
the committee of conference to the bill making
land warrants assignable. It is upon the adoption
of the report of the committee as a whole.
The question was then taken, and the report of
the committee was adopted—yeas 92, nays 69; as
follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Wilis Allen, Allison, William
Appleton, Ashe, Barren"1, Bartlett, Bell, Bibighans, Bovvne,
Bragg, Breckinridge, Albert G. Brown, Busby, E Cai ring-
ton Cabell, Thompson Campbell, Church well, Claik,
Cleveland, Chngman, Cobb, Conger, Cullom, John G. Da-
vis, Doty, Duncan, Eastman, Edgerton, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Fickhn, Fitch, Henr} M. Fullei, Gamble, Gav-
Jord, .Gentiy, Giddings, Goodenow, Gotman, Haiper, S.
W IlaitK, Hart, Ilendiick*. Thomas M. Howe, Andrew
Johnson, John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, Geoige G. King, Kutm<, Kurtz, Landry, Loekhait,
Mnce, Edwaid C. Marshall, Ilumpluey Mnr>hall, McNaii,
Miller, Molony, John Moore. Morrison, Nahers, Newton,
Andrew Parker, Samuel W. Parker, Penn, Penniman,
Polk, Piice, Richaidson, Robinson, Sackett, Sketton,
Smart, Fredonck P.Stanton, lliohatd PI. Stanton, Abra-
ham P. Stevens, Stone, Stratum, Strother. Stuart, Ta\Ior,
Benjamin Thompson, Thurston, Walsh, Ward, Washburn,
Watkins, Welch, Addison Whif, Wilcox, and Yates;—9*2.
NAYS—Messrs. Averett, Boeoek, P.rooks, Buell, Bur-
rows, Joseph Cable, Lewis D. Campbell, Chapman, Cuiti.*,
Daniel, Dawson, Dimmick, Dunham, Durkeo, Evans,
Floyd, Fowler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gilmore, Hamilton,
I sham G. Harris. Haws, Hascall, Ilaven, Hibbard, Ifors-
ford, Houston, Howard, Thomas V. IIow, Ives, Jackson,
Jenkins, James Johnson, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jnne>, Prc-ton King, Letchfi, Mai tin, Mason, McDonald,
McLanahan, McMulhn, McQueen, Millson, II. D.Moore,
Morehead, Murray, Old4:, Oir, Peaslee, Perkins, Scher-
mcrhorn, Schoolciaft, Schoonmaker, Scuriv, David L.
Sevmour, Onsen S. Seymour, Smith, Benjamin Stanton,
Sutherland, George W. Thompson, Tuck, Venahle, Wal-
lace, Wells, Alexander White, Wildnck, Williams, and
Woodwatd—69.
So the report of the committee was adopted, and
the bill in the form published in the pioceedmgs of
yesterday, has passed.
Mr. BEALE, during the pendency of the vote,
asked to be excused from voting, on the ground
that he did not know the character of the report
upon which he was called to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
the proposition of the gentleman from "Virginia
should have been made under the rule, befoie the
call of the roll was commenced. There can be no
vote upon a proposition to excuse during the call-
ing of the roil.
