1696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8.
that was intended for those Territories has been
expended in Oregon.
Mr. SIBLEY. With- the permission of the
gentleman from Alabama 1 will say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that those surveys have all
been completed.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the sur-
veys have all been completed, and that there was
B balance left. That balance has been taken with-
out the authority "of law,and expended in Oregon.
Thequestion was then taken upon Mr. Meade's
amendment to the amendment, and it was agreed
to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the amend-
ment of the Senate as amended, and, being put,
the amendment as amended was agreed to.
The twenty-second amendment, to come in on
page 14, after line 317, coming up next in order,
was considered and agreed to, as follows:
"To enable the Secretary of State to pay to William E. An-
derson, for the loss of time and expense incurred in coming
from Rio Janerio to New York, under the direction of the
American Minister at the Brazilian Court, to testify against
r certain persons alleged to have been engaged in the slave
trade, §250."
The twenty-third amendment was then consid-
ered and agreed to, as follows:
' " Pa«e 14, lines 324 and 325 : After the word ' fifty-one'
strike out < $1,800,' and insert' $2,253so as to make the
clause read as follows:
" For compiling, printing, and binding the Biennial Re-
gister for 1851, in, addition to the amount appropriated per
- act of March, 1851,,$2,253."
The Clerk then read the twenty-fourth amend-
ment, to come in on page 15, at the' end of line
337, as follows:
" And also a sum not exceeding $10,734 65, is hereby ap-
propnaied to pay Adam Boyd Hamilton, accoidnigto con-
tract, for printing 20,000, and binding 1,810 copies, of 396
pages each, of the Register's Report of the Commerce and
Navigation oftiie United States lor 1851."
Mr. HOUSTON. The Committee on Ways
and Means rer-"- ,°nd a non-concurrence in that
amendment, ' !i state the reason why.
Th 'CHA 1. The Chair will state that
it is-not in discuss the amendment, unless
the gentler roposes an amendment to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, l move to strike
out the amendment, or tonon-concur in it. At the
first session of the Thirty-first Congress, a law
was passed which provided that the commerce and
navigation document should be, thereafter, printed
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. After that time, the Secretary of the Treas-
ury made a contract with Gideon &• Co. for the
printing of the document, but when the day of
payment came, they found that Congress had
made no appropriation for it. At the second ses-
. sion of the Thirty-first Congress, Congress made
an appropriation to pay Gideon & Co. for print-
ing the commerce and navigation document, but
at the bottom of that appropriation they inserted
' the following proviso:
" Provided, That hereafter said reports be printed by the
public printer as other documents."
The Committee' ^n. Ways and Means believe
that the public printer was bound under the law
•which I have just read, to piint this document un-
der his contract with Congress, butby this amend-
ment of the Senate, it is intended to pay him the
game rate of compensation that was paid under the
Contract of Gideon & Co. with the Secretary of
the Treasury, for the session before last. The
committee, therefore, recommend that this appro-
priation be stricken out or disagreed to. They
believe that Congress, m saying that thereafter
said report be printed by the public printer as
other documents, intended to say that it should be
a part of the printing which the public printer of
Congress should do under his contract. After that
law was enacted, this contract was made with
Hamilton.
Mr. MEA.DE. I am opposed to the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama. The gentleman
may be right in his interpretation of that law, but
1 doubt very much whether, when this contract
was made by Hamilton, he contemplated that it
would include printing of this description. If gen-
tlemen will look to the contract that was entered
into with Boyd Hamilton, they will see that only
such printing as might be ordered by Congress
was contemplated in that contract. Weil, now,
sir, we know very well that Congress is in the
habit of ordering printing by simple resolution or
motion; it is not done under an express provision
of law; and I think it is very likely that when the
contract was entered into with this gentleman, he
did not contemplate that it was to embrace print-
ing which might be directed to be done by the
Secretary of the Treasury. At any rate, as it is
a matter of doubtful construction, and as the con-
tract which we have made with this contractor is
complained of by him as bein£ a very hard one,
1 think it becomes us, under the circumstances,
not to be too rigid in the construction of that con-
tract, and wherever there is an opportunity of
allowing him to make something more than the
strued it, and taken from him the printing which
he was entitled to under the contract; and now,
when we have the opportunity of doing him some-
thing like justice, we are to construe the law
against him, and take away from him that which
we are willing to give to other printers.
1 was glad to hear the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Meade] say a word in favor of this man,
who has been so hardly dealt with, as ! conceive,
by this House. I think, sir, when we look at the
i whole ground, when we look at the manner in
contract calls for, unless it is clearly in violation J; which this public printer has been treated by us,
of that contract, I am for extending to him that j when we consider that we have taken from him a
indulgence. I hope it will be the pleasure of the
committee to do it in this case. "When we advert
to the terms of the contract, and look at the dif-
ferent periods of time when this contract was
made, and when the law was passed in relation to
the manner in which this printing should be done,
it is calculated to create a belief in the minds of all
who are disposed to do ample justice, that this
class of punting was not contemplated by the con-
tractor. I therefore trust, that in view of the con-
siderations which I have thrown out, it will be
the pleasure of the committee to allow him the
difference between this appropriation, and what
he would have received under nis contract; to let
him have the few additional hundred dollars which
he would get under this provision.
Mr. HOUSTON. With the permission of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Meade,] I wish to
say that the date of the contract, and the date of
the bond can make no difference, though I think
it is as I have stated. As Congress has the right
to declare what shall be the printing of Congress,
it has the right to increase the printing. It has
the right to add documents if if, choose to the
documents heretofore printed as Congress print-
ing; and the public printer, though his contract
might then be m operation, could not object to it.
But such I understand not to have been the case
here. Now, if the gentleman bases himself upon
the ground of a gratuity, then I have no more to
say. If the House chooses to put this upon the
ground of a gratuity to a gentleman who has a
hard contract, I have no more to say, but the
House should b„e aware, at least, of one fact 
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. What is the
difference?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the difference;
and it was not for the purpose of saving the differ-
ence alone in this particular case, that the com-
mittee recommended a non-concurrence in the
amendment, but that we might give proper con-
struction to a law passed by Congress, to present
to the House our precise construction of a law of
the last Congress. Now, it is for the committee
to do as it thinks proper.
Mr. MEADE. I would call the attention of
the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston] to
the words contained in the amendment, " to pay
to Adam Boyd Hamilton, according to contract, for
printing twenty thousand." Now, this contract
was certainly entered into by Hamilton with the
Secretary of the Treasury; and what do those
words mean?
Mr. HOUSTON. There was no evidence be-
fore the Committee on Ways and Means at all,
that there was any contract. On the contrary,
we were furnished with a copy of the prices which
were paid under the contract between Gideon &
Co. and the Secretary of the Treasury. I have
these papers now.
Mr. MEADE. Then the chairman of the
Committee on Ways and Means cannot tell us
i large amount of printing and placed it in the hands
I of other printers, it is a case which appeals to
| every member of this body, that we should not
deal harshly with him, and that we ought, with-
out hesitation, to give him the same amount given
to other persons.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Senate sent us all the
papers they had before them. Here is all the ev-
idence, ana there is no evidence of a contract at
i all. On the contrary, I understand from agentle-
i man who is a member of the Committee on Pcrb-
! lie Printing, in the Senate, that there was no con-
j tract with Hamilton upon thatsubject. Therefore
] upon that authority I say—and it is good author-
ity—that there was no special contract between the
Secretary of the Treasury and this^printer, at all.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky." If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will say that I understand
the Secretary of the Treasury ordered this print-
ing to be done by this gentleman, because he could
do it more conveniently than it could be done by
i any other person at the time. He merely con-
i tracted that he was to be paid what was reason-
: able. It is not stated to be any portion of the
j regular printing of Congress, but it is a special
; job, contracted to be done, by the Secretary of
! the Treasury.
| Mr. HOUSTON. Then I would like to know,
if that is the gentleman's construction, whether
he, has ever read the law of the last session of
; Congress? That Jaw says that that very report
: shall be printed by the public printer. The Sec-
■ retary did not make the contract with him upon
the ground mat it was more convenient, but be-
' cause it was to be printed by the public printer
: like other documents.
; I am perfectly willing, if gentlemen desire to
I put this upon the ground of charity-, but-I assure
: you that if you give the construction proposed to
: the law providing for this particular printing, you
; will have to pass another.
| Mr. MEADE. What is the motion ?
j The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
l adoption of the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Allison',] to strike
; out <( sixty-five cents."
] Mr. ALLISON. 1 withdraw it.
j Mr. MEADE. I propose to add one dollar to
I the appropriation. The House will bear in mind
j that they have to determine this question, as be-
j tween the Committee on Ways and Means and
; the whole Senate of the United States. The Sen-
| ate sanctioned the report of their committee who
; reported this amendment. Of course they knew
| what they were about. Now, the chairman of the
; Committee on Ways and Means comes up here,
| and moves to reject the Senate amendment, and
j calls upon the House to listen to his testimony,
I and to disregard that of the sixty members of the
; other House. I say now, Mr. Chairman, that
;; inasmuch as the weight of testimony seems to be
on the side of the appropriation, we who act some-
why these words were used by the Senate m their what in the dark will lean to that weight of test!
i amendment. And in the absence of any knowl- !' mony, especially as in doing so, we will hereliev-
| edge upon his part in relation to the reason of j ing a man whose onerous contract we all know,
| their being there, I must presume the Senate had |j and will give him a very small mite in addition to
! some cause for inserting them. Therefore there j; that which he is receiving; and 1 hope the House,
must have been a contract with the Secretary of !J in this state of things, will exercise its judgmentin
the Treasury.
; Mr. ALLISON. Is it in order to offer an
!j amendment at this time?
ji The CHAIRMAN. It is.
!| Mr. ALLISON. I then move to strike out
ji " sixty-five cents." I make that motion for the
■ purpose of saying a few words in relation to the
'j public printer.
11 It strikes me, sir, that the public printer is likely
i; to suffer from the construction put upon the law
j' that governs the contract.
■j Now, sir, when it can be made to operate
ii against the public printer, this House has so con-
favor of this man, and against the committee.
1 Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to make a statement
which it would have been well for the gentleman
to have known before he made his speech. It is
' this. In conversation with the chairman of the
; Committee on Finance, in the Senate, on yester-
I day morning, I called his attention to (his very
! provision of the law, and he told me that that pro-
; vision of the law had entirely escaped him.
: The question was then taken on the amendment
| offered by Mr. Meade, and it was not agreed to.
| The amendment of the Senate was then agreed
i to.
