THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES—TERMS $3 FOR THIS SESSION.
32d Oungrkss, 1st Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 22, 1852.
NEW Spinas.... NO. 50.
was made of the question which was under con-
sideration yesterday, and has been made the spe-
cial order for Monday next. I wish to bring to
the notice of the Senate that it was understood that j;
another measure, which indeed has not been made j
a spccial order, becouse it stands at the head of j|
the Calendar, was by general consent to be taken
up on Monday next. I refer to the bill to estab- ;
Sish a y-yard at San Francisco. The Senator '■
from Louisiana [Mr. Soule] is entitled to the floor j!
on Monday on the subject of non-intervention. !i
He is not here now, but if he were, I know that :
he would waive his right to the floor as a matter |i
of courtesy, because 1 am compelled to leave the j:
city on Tuesday or Wednesday next, and I should
like to have this bill taken up and disposed of be- ;
fore that time. 1 have made all my arrangements,
under the impression that this bill would come up :
on Monday, and it will put me to considerable
inconvenience if 1 am detained beyond that time.
I therefore give notice that I shall call up that bill, r
the first on the Calendar, on Monday next, and I
feel .perfectly sure that the Senator from Loui-
siana will not object to it.
G. THOMAS HOWARD.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill for the relief of G. Thomas Howard, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill provides that the proper accounting !
officers of the Treasury shall audit and settle the
claim of G. Thomas Howard, for compensation ,
as bearer of despatches from Texas to Washing- j
Ton, m 184,5, alio wins: him a compensation at the |
rate of SO per day, *or a not exceeding j
twenty-live days, and traveling expenses at the |j
rate of ten cents per mile, from Austin, in Texas, |i
to Washington City, computing the distance ac- ,
cording to the most usual traveling route.
Mr. ATCHISOjN". I would like to hear the re- -
port of the committee read.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair is informed ;
that there was no report made by the committee, j
Mr. NORRIS. i reported that bill from the :
Committee on Foreign Relations. There is no j
report accompanying the bill. The facts are stated
in a letter from the late Secretary of the Treasury, ,
Mr. Walker, which will explain the whole mat-
ter.
The letter was read, as follows:
" Washington, February 1800.
-• Dear Sir : I recollect vorv well the eat=e iii winch jou
were beaier of dispatches from Texas to Washington, and
jour claim foi compensation, during Mr. Poik'<* Adminis- ,
tration. Your lisilu to compensation was invariably con-
ccdcd: but vott wow not paid, owing to a difference of opin-
ion as to the fund out of wluclithepawncnt should be made.
It \va« supposed b\ *ome, that the payment should he made
bv the Secrei.m of Treasury d.rectly; and by others, by the ,
Secretary ot Stan1; and Mom that difference of opinion, 1
"rowinsj'out of the peeuhat condition of facts, you were
not paid. Your claim was undoubtedly just. Your dis-
patches contained the announcement of the communica-
tion of the jinne.vation of Texas, and the delivery ot the
public pmperty aceoidingly.''
The bill was reported to the Senate without
■Amendment, and ordered 10 be engrosse
third reading.
JOSEPH H. D. BOWMAR.
The Senate resumed, as in Committee of the
Whole, the consideration of a bill for the relief of
Josenli IT. D. Bowmar.
Mr. FELCH. It seems to me there is a radi-
cal difficulty 111 this bill, and one which I do not
see how we can surmount. The title to the land
referred to by the bill, is e\ider,tly disposed o. oy
the United States under the act referred to m the
bill—an act m favor of a man by the liame of
Cars in. Carson had settled upon the sixteenth
section, as will be j-een by a reference to the pa-
pers presented in th'S ease, and by a provision 01
an art of Confess, to which reference is made, he
was enmkd to, or permuted lo obtain a title, to the
sixteenth section; but a provision was made at
tiie same time, that the township or State should
be entitled to locate another section instead of mat
thus disposed of. This twenty-seventh lot, being
a fractional section, was dispused of and aban-
doned. It was selected m heu of the school land,
and that selection was approved by the Secretary
50
vi.hout
] io?A
V
of the Treasury; and, subsequently, in passing the
act of March .'id, 1849, in favor of Carson, an ex-
press provision was made in that act, by which
the selection was to be confirmed to the State au-
thorities for school land.
Now, if I understand this subject, and the legis-
lation in regard to it, this property did, by the act
of March 3d, 1849, become absolutely the prop-
erty of the State or township, according to their
regulations in relation to school lands; and the
title became vested in the State 01 township.
Now, can the United States, by an act of Con-
gress or otherwise, divest that title to the land? I
cannot see how it can be done. It is not only
vested in the State authorities by the ordinary op-
eration of the law, and by a selection and con-
firmation, but by a special act of Congress. I
think we cannot, by any act of Congress, divest
that- title, and give it to the individual who makes
this application. It is true that the papers in
this case show that the applicant did claim the
right of preemption, and that lhat claim was re-
cognized by the Department at one time. But all
this, it appears, was subsequent to the passage of
the act of 1840, and that the Department acted
under a misapprehension of the existence of that
law. At all events, they had not the power to
grant a duplicate, or give a patent, or do anything
by which they could dispose of this land for any
purpose but school purposes, it having then be-
come the property of the State. Having ascer-
tained that this was the true state of the case,
they recalled the authority which they had given
the party to claim his preemption right, putting
the matter precisely where the law had put it.
Mr. DOWNS. The difficulty does not exist,
because the circumstances are not precisely as the
Senator from Michigan states them. This was
not, in fact, a school lot of land at the time the
bill was passed ill favor of Carson, although Con-
gress thought it was; and it was not for this rea- ;
son: Before that act was passed—and not after, ■
as has been stated—but of which Congress knew i
nothing, Bowmar, in attempting to perfect his en- .
try, finding difficulties because this was a school |
section, applied to the Secretary of the Treasury j
to have this lot released, on the ground that, by ;
mistake, more land had been reserved for that
township than it was entitled to; and on the hear-
ing of the case, Mr. "Walker, who lnxd tiien charge
of that department, now known as the Department
of the Interior, so decided; and he released this lot /
from the school location, so that it became public
land, and he permitted him to proceed with his j
, entry. After that time, a law was passed for the j
I benefit of Carson, without Congress knowing^any- ;
j thing of the matter, authorizing him to sell this !
section after obtaining the consent of the people
of the town. It seems to me. therefore, that the ;
objection of the Senator from Michigan does not !
apply. The right was not vested in this man; j
and Congress, in passing the act in favor of Car-
son, was under a mistake as to the facts. ^ This
bill does not propose to deprive the township of ^
its land; but even if it were so. unless I am mis- '
taken, there is a provision in the bill to the effect
that this acc shall be consummated only with the
1 consent of the proper authority of the township
or State, as the case mav be. I should like the
Secretary to read that part of the bill v.-hich has
, that clause in it.
The Secretary read the clause, as follows-
:■ r>, oi.idc>l, That notlnn* in ttm- a-H i-'e '  construed
as to reduce the quantit} of iai'i to v. Inch -aid tow.i-.hii> is
entitled bylaw."
Mr. DOWJNS. It is cleai that this does not
apply'to any rights vesting m the township what-
ever! The objection of the "Senator trom Michi-
gan is, that this act deprives the people ofthe town-
ship of a grant of land. How can that be, when
the bill expressly says that it shall deprive them
of nothing I should like to know how that can
be. The principal argument of the gentleman is,
that you cannot do this, because it divests the
township. The bill says that it does no such thing;
it expressly disclaims it. The caseis cieai. i do
not wish to go into the argument again; but I thmxt:
it is clearly competent for Congress to correct an
error of fact, on which they acted in passing the
hill for Carson. Carson may have his rights. No-
body disputes that. If they are interfered with,
they may be recovered in the courts; but as the
matter now stands, this act places the parties upon
an equal footing, and their respective rights must
necessarily be determined by "the local courts of
justice.
Mr. FELCH. It seems to me that that pro-
vision does ntn have the'eiTect which the Senator
seems to suppose. What is the proviso? The
bill proposes to take away the land, divesting the
title to that to which I think the title is as clear and
perfect as any act of legislation can make it. It
proposes to take away land. The Senator says it
takes away no land; or, ill other words, that it per-
mits them to hold their own land, and perhaps the
idea may be, that they may have the opportunity
of locating a similar quantity elsewhere. But that is
not detinue. It is manifest that if anything is ef-
fected by this bill, it is to give the lands of Carson
to the State. If the title to the land is in the State
or township, then it is perfectly manifest that that
is a thing which we have not the power to do. If
the Senator will look into the papers, he will find,
I think, that he has mistaken the facts in the case.
The claim was not presented by Bowmar anterior
to the time when the title was vested in the State
authority for school land, but subsequent to it.
The Carson act has this proviso:
Jlnd be it further enacted. That the selection hrreto-
foie made under the dire* tion and approval of the Secre-
taiy ol the Treasury, of lots nmnbeied twenty-five, twenty-
six and twenty-seven, in said townships, nineteen for the
use of schools, in lieu of lor sixteen, be, and the same is
hereby confirmed ''
The Senator seems to suppose that Bowmar
had acquired rights anterior to that time. Here
are the dates: On the 3d of March, 1849, this act
was passed, which establishes the title of the State
01- township absolutely. Now, the party makes
application for the rigiitof preemption to the land,
at the local land office, and he is refused. He
then makes his application to the Secretary of the
Treasury. The Secretary of the Treasury admits
the propriety of the claim, and instructs them to
permit him to make the entry. He was evidently
ignorant of this act. This order was made on the
4th of July, 1849, after the act which confirmed
the title to it as school land, and ail these provis-
ions were subsequent to that act. The attention
of the Secretary of the Treasury was then called
1 to this act, by which this land was disposed of,
showing that he had not the power to dispose of
it annul, or grant a preemption right. On ascer-
tainin"- this fact, the whole matter was referred
back to the land office in the district where the
land lay, with instructions not to perniitthe loca-
tion to be made, inasmuch as the land had been
already disposed of, and it was not in the power  ■
of Congress or any department to divest the title
or give the land to'this man or any other.
\ Mr. ATCHISON. I move that this bill be in-
definitely postponed.
Mr. DOWNS. 1 hope the gentleman will not,
persist in that motion. There is a fact in the case
which I find is somewhat different from what I
supposed it to be as to date, I certainly under-
stood the matter to be as I have stated it.
Mr. ATCHISON. Well, if it wiii suit theSen-
' ator from Louisiana better, I \\ ill ma\ e to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. DOWNS. I will agree to that. The mo-
lion was a.'/'irdingly decided in the affirmative.
W. C. E ASTON.
The Senate next proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, io the consideration of a bill for the
relief of AV. C. Easton. The bill provides for
the payment to the claimant of a sum due for ser-
vices as clerk in the oiri-.e of the Commissary
General of Subsistence, from .Tune 1st, 1823, to
March 2d, 1827, when such services were neces-
sary to the business of that office, but for which
provision had not been made by law.
Mr. ATCHISON. I would like to hear the
ti report read.
