786
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
The report was read accordingly, from which it
appeared that the case had been before Congress
for many years at different times; that as far back
as December 30th, 1834, a favorable report upon
it was made to the Senate from the Committee of
Ciaims; and subsequently, January 2d, 1845, a
bill for the relief of the petitioner was reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs; that dur-
ing the time from June 1st, 1823, to March 2d,
1827, he was paid out of the contingent fund of
the office at the rate of $420 per annum, the low-
est salary of clerks in the Executive offices being
at that time J800-
The facts in detail,of which the foregoing state-
ment is a summary, are set forth in the petition
and confirmed by two letters of General Gibson,
of December 19, 1834, 'and January 13, 1835.
These letters are appended to and make a part of
the report, and the committee state that from a
careful examination of the case they are of opin-
ion that the claim of the petitioner is an equi-
table one, and that he is clearly and fully entitled
to the compensation he has so long asked at the
hands of Congress.
The bill was then reported to the Senate with-
out amendment; and the question being on order-
ing it to be engrossed for a third reading, the noes
appeared to prevail.
Mr. BORLAND. I think that the facts set
forth in that report, if Senators had listened care-
fully to it, are sufficient to satisfy every mind of
the merits of the bill. The case is one which the ■
committee considered so plain and clear that they
did not hesitate. It has been reported favorably 1
upon three or four times, and I never heard any
opposition to it. It is a bill to allow a clerk in the
commissary general's department an increase of
salary, which the department were not enabled at
the time the service was rendered to make. The
commissary general, in his letters, state the rea-
sons why this person is entitled to it. He was
an extrn clerk at a time when the public business
required his services, and when there was not
money enough in the control of the department
to give him a compensation upon which he could
live. His services were indispensable, and the
commissary general employed him with the un-
derstanding on his part that he should wait for his
compensation until by some legislative act a pro-
vision was made to pay him. If Senators have
not looked into the matter, I would ask for the
reading of General Gibson's letters.
Mr. ATCHISON. Perhaps there may be some
equity in this claim, and I withdraw my objec-
tions to the passage of the bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
st. john's church.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider a bill for the relief of St.
John's Church, in the city of Washington."
This was a bill reported by the Committee for
the District of Columbia, providing that the lot of
ground now used as a burial ground for St. John's
Church, in the city of Washington, occupying
the sole square (No. 276) situated near the north-
ern limits of the city, and which the late President
Monroe permitted to be used by the said church
as a place of sepulture for their dead, should be
conveyed by the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to the trustees of the church aforesaid, and !
that the sum of $200 be paid to the rector of said |
church out of any money in the Treasury not j
otherwise appropriated. :
Mr. BAYARD. When that bill was called up ;
last Friday, being reported by the Senator from :
Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] it was postponed until ;
to-day. There is no report m the case, as 1 believe, j
and it was postponed in consequence of the ab- 1
sence of that Senator. I made a motion to strike '
out the appropriation of $200, and I shall persist
in that motion unless some satisfactory explana- !
tion shall be given why the sum should be appro- !
priated. Unless I can have that explanation, I
shall move the postponement of the further con-
sideration of the bill until Friday next. ! I
Mr. SHIELDS. [ will ask for the readin0- of !
the memorial m this case. 1 think that is the best
explanation that can be given.
The memorial was accordingly read. It set!
forth tnat the Jot of ground now used as a place of
sepulture by the congregation of St. John's!
Church, occupying the square mentioned above, !
was allowed by the late President Monroe, by
request of the late rector of the church, the Rev.
Mr. Hawley, with the understanding, that while
it might be occupied for this purpose, it should
be occupied free of all cost; that it had been so
used for a period of thirty years, and that the re-
mains of many persons had been interred in it;
that it had not been used as a source of revenue
to the church, but on the contrary, that it had
been a source of expense; that in 1849, the late
Commissioner of Public Buildings, [Mr. Mudd,}
on finding the square so occupied, and believing
it to be ins duty to make some movement to ob-
tain its value, the land not having been paid for,
demanded the sum of $200, intimating that if that
sum was not paid, he would feel himself compelled
to dispose of ihe square at puBlic auction; that
under these circumstances, as the memorialists had
no evidence of the permission so to occupy this
land the amount of $200 was paid in 1840, although
they believed that their quiet and undisturbed pos-
session for the last thirty years would have given
them a title if any limitation run against the Gov-
ernment. They therefore prayed that the pom-
missioner of Public Buildings should be authorized
and directed to make a deed of conveyance of said
land, and to refund the sum of $200, paid in 1849.
Air. SHIELDS. 1 perceive that there is a little
mistake in the bill. It is represented that this land
was given by President Madison. The grant was
made by President Monroe, and I therefore move
to amend the bill by striking out the word " Mad-
ison," and inserting the word " Monroe."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I move to strike out the ap-
propriation of $200. I cannot see the basis on
which the grant is to be made. If the parties ac-
quired any title to the land they do not show it.
1 am not aware that even the sanction of the Pres-
ident of the United States is good enough to confer
a title. It seems that in after years, an officer of
the Government, whose duty it was to attend to
it, claimed and received §200. They do not ask
the repayment of the money. I have no objection
to making a grant of the land. I would not dis-
turb the remains of their dead, or take away the
possession of a burying-ground which they have
occupied for so long a time; but I do object to the
repayment of the $200.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator is mistaken.
They do ask for the repayment of the money.
Mr. BAYARD. I think not.
Mr. SHIELDS. The bill provides for the re-
funding of the sum of $200 which they paid.
Mr. BAYARD. Whether they ask for it or
not, I am unable to see the principle on which we
should grant it; and I move to strike it out. I
would be unwilling to disturb the possession of the
ground which they have so long occifpied and ap-
propriated for the buiiai of their dead; but in Che
whole statement I do not see any legitimate evi-
dence to show that the parties took the property
on a grant from the United States; and il you
make grants of this sort to one religious society,
you may make them to others, and that to a very
different extent. I cannot see any principle on
which this money should be lefunded, and there-
fore I have moved to stuke out the appropriation,
Mr. SHIELDS. 1 will just state, as it was
stated to me, that tins lot having been given for a
cemetery to this church, by President Monroe,
they never expected to be called on to pay for it.
At the time it was given, there was no legislation
to confirm the grant. Recently the Commissioner 1
of Public Buildings determined to sell this lot
among others; and, therefore, to save it, under the ;
pressure of this necessity, they paid jj200. 1 think
that, as the land was given m this way, the Pres- |
idem having' done it so long ago, and since they
never expected to be called on to pay it, they
should have this sum refunded. It is a very small '
amount which they ask to have reimbursed; but if
the Senate think it should not be paid, I must let
it go.
Mr. HALE. Let them have it. Let them
have it.
Mr. BAYARD. Although the sum is small,
the principle involved is one of great importance.
I would not vote to sanction the appropriation of 1
any public property, by any President of the 1
United States, except, as in this case, where the
occupation of the land has been for a purpose with ;
which the natural feelings of man would make '
them indisposed to interfere. But, as regards the 1
returning of this sum of money, that principle does
not apply. It seems to me, that by your vote to
refund this money, you are sanctioning the prin-
ciple that the President of the United States may,
ot his own volition, without the sanction of Con-
gress,appropriate thepubhc property of the nation.
I cannot sanction any such principle as that, except -
m very extraordmaiy circumstances indeed.
Mr. HALE. If I understand this question, it
is this: Certain persons, at a penod about thirty
years ago, had permission to occupy a certain
| piece of land for a burying-place, and having used
, it for thirty years, the Commissioner of Public
| Buildings calied upon them to pay for the land,
! and, under a threat that the place where their dead'
j reposed would be sold, they paid $200 to him.
, The object of this bill is to confirm the title of the
i lands, and to give back the sum of money which
1 they paid under the circumstances which I have
J stated. Task, if there is any Senator here who
wants to speculate upon the feelings of those whose
friends are reposing in this place of burial? Would
we not rather confirm the grant to them, that they
may continue to occupy this piece^of land, given
to them thirty years ago, than to have the Com-
missioner put an auctioneer into that burial-place,
to sell it to the highest bidder. These persons
have paid $200, and the question is, will we refund
the money, or will we keep in our hands this price
which they paid for a place of repose for their
dead? It seems to me, to all practical purposes,
it was given them for a burial-place, more than
thirty years ago; and they, having thus occupied
it for that length of time, the Commissioner come©
without any authority, except the general author-
ity of law, and threatens todispossess them. They,
under that threat, paid the sum of $200. This
being the state of the case, as I suppose, I cannot
have any hesitancy, and I do not believe the Senate1
will, in voting to pass this bill.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is materially the state1
of the case, but I will state that the Commissioner
of Public Buildings only acted under the general
law. I do not tlunk that he did this by way of
threat. He felt it his duty to sell this land by the
same regulations by which he was required to sell
lands generally. It will be seen from the accom-
panying papers that this is s small, insignificant
lot, that it is away from the city, and worth very
little. The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] has stated materially the facts of the case.
There was no attempt, sir, I believe, on the parfe
of President Monroe to exercise any undue power.
He only gave permission to those people—he hav-
ing charge of the property—to use it in that way,
which it was quite competent for him to do under
the laws as they then existed. But he could give
no title, and the law which was passed afterwards
in relation to the sale of the lands for the benefit
of the city, included this lot with the others.
The land was afterwards sold to them, as it ap-
pears, by the Commissioner of Public Buildings;
and the only question is, whether you will give,
them the money back or not.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot understand how the
Senator from Illinois can reconcile the proposition
that this was not an improper exercise of power
| on the part of the President of the United States.
J I concede that he has charge of the lands for tem-
porary purposes; but this occupation was a per-
manent occupation intended to be in the nature of
a graft. By what authority does the President
of the United States grant the public lands to any
one? If he may do it for one purpose, he may
do it for another. I admit that what was said by
the Senator from New Hampshire will apply to
that portion of the bill which relates to the title to-
the land, so that they may not be hereafter dis-
turbed; but it does not apply to the repayment of
this money which was paid to the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, who was acting under a gen-
eral direction to sell the land if the parties did
not pay for it. On that ground I am not dis-
posed to vote for the bill without the amendment
I have proposed; and unless that amendment is
adopted I shall vote against it, as I cannot sanc-
tion the principle that the President of the United
States may so dispose of the public property; and
it will not do to say that he gave permission to
occupy the land, coveiing under that permission
the title to the land. The amount may be a small
one, but the principle involved is important, and
the precedent one which may he abused; and for
that reason I am not willing to sanction it.
