788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
shows the propriety, the necessity, indeed, of
having a Board of Accounts, or some sort ot'tri-
bunal separate from Congress, to adjudicate private
claims, if v/e would, at the same time, do justice
to individuals and protect the Treasury. All
claims come before us, and are necessarily passed
upon by our committees upon ex parte testimony.
We get, we can only get, one side of thequestion.
The claimant comes forward, as Mr. Callaghan in
this case, with all that can be said or shown in
support of his claim. He, nf course, says noth-
ing, shows nothing,on the other side which could
by possibility militate against his claim. Every-
thing but what is favorable to him is, of course,
carefully excluded. No one is here or before the
committees to suggest objections, to find out testi-
mony, or to cross-examine witnesses, in favor of
the Government. Indeed, there are no witnesses
to be cross-examined; ex parte affidavits, depi,sitic,:ip
urUltmti notice, as it were, being the only witnesses
before us; and there they stand, fixed, dogged,
and impracticable. Suppose, sir, proceedings in
the courts of the country, involving r.ghts and
interests, as between citizens, were conducted in a
similar manner, where one side only of a case was
heard, what chance of justice would there be?
One more word about that order for the destruc-
tion of the goods. I again ask, where is it r Sir,
this inquiry is more significant now than former-
ly, for the reason, that in the discussion of this
very point, at a former session, the same inquiry
was made. It was not answered then; and, al-
though a sufficient time to produce it has elapsed,
if it was in existence, it is not here yet. 1 do not
think it ever will be produced, for 1 do not think
it exists, or ever did exist, in such a form as would
sustain this claim.
Such, Mr. President, are the grounds of my
opposition to thepassage of this bill. Upon them,
I shall vote against it.
Mr. PRATT. The proposition of the Senator
from Arkansas, if ri^ht, should of ronise juevent
the passage of the bill winch is before the Senate.
He assumes that we are tu look behind tiie order
of the officer in command of the foicas; and rliat
we are to ascertain whethei that ofiicer was au-
thorized to give the command; and ihnt :f he was
not authorized the Government is not hound by
the orders of that officer. Nov.-. Colonel ITamey
was in command of the forces at.San Antonio, lie
undertook to march to the Rio Grande. He had
not sufficient provisions to carry the army under
his command to that point. He took the j>oods of
this merchant, placed them m charge of one of (he
United States Commissioners, cariied them with
his army to the Uio Grande, and used them fur
the support of the army whilst it was «oi>i<.r I here,
and whilst it was there. These (acts are conceded
by the Senator fiom A t kans.t- ; ;nu i:<-says fhat
inasmuch as Colonel 1 larney was iinanthonj.ed by
General Taylor to n.r.ke tin'; mi.ieh—dial ..-use
he Imd 110 such authority, the indmuiud en./en,
whose goods were sr. taken for the use of die
army under the command of Colonel tlar-'cy,
ought not to bo paid. 1 linn],- the Senate jip not '
prepared to support that proposition.
The Senator is mistaken in regard to oneot'ihe '
facts upon which his argument ;iredictited. 11
asks why this merchant remr.nK'd at the liio ,
Grande with his goods : Why did he .lot bring I
them away ' Why he stayed there after Colonel ;
Harney s retreat' He did return with Colonel '
Harney, and his goods were lies'roved prior to lhe ;
army, under the command of Co'ione! Harney,
leaVIno- the llio Grande. Th<--\ werr destroyed !j
because the American army at that point was not il
in sufficient force to re-'ist tli- fn"'iiv, and ;o pre- :!
vent the goods falling into their hind 3. The way-
ons whichcarried them there being v-anted io carry ■1
the materials of war back again, thev wereunaVe
to carry the goods, and the goods were destroyed.
My friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk! will rend,"if it ,!
is desired, the certificates of the officers, statins 1
the facts that are set forth in the reoort en' the
oommittee. These facts, I understand, are con- i;
ceded to be correct by theSenaloi fioniArk,int<ns. ,i
They are, m the first place, that the American ;j
forces were under the command of Colonel Hor- "
ney; in the next place, that the goods of this man I'
were taken possession of by order of Colonel Har-
ney, and placed in the possession of one of the i
United States commissioners; that they were, taken '.
to the Rio Grande—part of them was used by the -
soldiers of the United States, and the other part d
was destroyed by order of the commanding officer
to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy.
The only point upon which the claim is resisted
is, that Colonel Harney was unauthorized to
•make this march by General Taylor, who was
in command uf that division of the army, and
who was some two hundred miles from him. I
cannot concede, nor do I believe that the Senate
will support the proposition, that where an officer
of the United States Government, in the separate
command of the United States forces, takes pos-
session of individual property for the support of
the forces under his command, uses a part of it,
and burns the rest to prevent it getting into the
hands of the enemy—that the individual from
whom they were taken is not to be compensated
because the ofiicer has transcended the authority
that is given him. I think, therefore, that the bill
ought to pass. X am unable to continue the de-
bate, owing to a cold which I have, and to give
the facts and arguments as 1 otherwise would
have done.
Mr. BAYARD. I will ask the Senator from
Maryland a question. I understand him to say
that the goods were not destroyed until after Colo-
nel Harney and the regular forces had left the Rio
Grande. There is a question of fact. The report,
I suppose, states that it was done by order of the
ofiicer in command. Was it, then, an ofiicer of
theUmted States Army who was left in command,
or was it not* The Senator from Arkansas says
that it was au officer in the Texas volunteers, and
that they were destroyed after the troops of the
United States left. If the goods were destroyed
after the troops left, I do not see why compensa-
tion should be made; but if on the contrary they
were destroyed at the time of withdrawing the
troops of the United States, or before they were
withdrawn, I think the compensation ought to be
made.
Mr. PRATT. They were destroyed by order
of an officer of the United States Government.
They were placed  n possession of Lieutenant J
Rogers, who was acting commissary of the com- ;
niand under Colonel Harney. i
Air. SHIELDS. Perhaps I may relieve the gen-1
tleman by staling what I learned in regard to this !
matter. I am well acquainted with the claimant.
1 saw him at the place where his goods were de- '
stroyed. I did not see the destruction, of course. !
That preceded my arrival there, i joined General !
Wool at that place. This expedition had preceded '
General Wool 5s expedition ;and what I learned from j
Colonel Harney and this gentleman himself (we '
occupied the same house at the same time) was j
this, that Col. Haniey did take possession of the 1
fljoods,und took this mannlong with him; but when 1
lie was compelled to fall back, he left the goods in 1
the custody of one of his officers, with instructions i
that if the Mexicans .should press upon him: if he!
compelled to obandon his position too sud- 1
uenly, he should destroy the goods rather than let '
them fall liitn the hands of the enemy. The ofH- I
; roc, in pursuance of that order, burned the goods 1
-—I suv/ the pi.ice where they were burned—.so 1
f!i.it che piRn himself, of course, had no option
about jr. If the goods had not been destroyed
they would have fallen into the hands of the Mex- •
i'uvis. I did not hear the argument of the Senator ,
from Arknnsis, but 1 heheve his objection to this
bill is, that Colonel Harney's expedition was not
authorized.
30RLAND. That was one ground of oh-
Mr.
iociion.
Mr. SHIELDS,
without authority.
That is true. He went there
i happened to be at Monte-
rey at the time, and heard General Taylor soy
som" hard things about if. Cn' if it had been
successful—f-iid,
? r--<
indeed,
.is in trie first in-
nee, the Mexicans beiiiq- dm en away—Col-
onel IlariK-v would have received a gre? t deal
of credit. Rut that has nothing to do wiih this
nicui, as I understand. Colonel Harney was in
rhe United States service; he acted on 'his own
risk m that immer: and although he did n< r go in
accordance with ordeis, so far us I understand it,
he had not disobeyed nny orders. But Colonel
Harney took the goods from Callaghon,and kept
them with him. I know Colonel Harney, and
probably others here do. He was one of those
men who- would not ^ive Callaghan time to raise,
nny question about lus conduct. He seized these
goods and kept them there. They were destroyed
by his orders. Under these circumstances, I will ,
ask any honorable Senator whether thur. man is
not entitled to compensation ? At the time, if
Colonel Harney had had the power he would
have paid him instantly, and so would any of us.
But he had no authority to do so. Thi< man's
goods were destroyed by the order of an officer of
the United States. The only question is, will the
United States indemnify him for the loss of them ?
Mr. BORLAND. There seems to be a differ-
ence of opinion here as to a fa:t, about which
there can be no doubt, I apprehend, when I call
attention to it. I understand the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Pratt] to say that these goods
were destroyed by order of Colonel Harney, be-
fore he left the Rio Grande.
Mr. PRATT. Oh, no; by an ofacei of the
Government, not by Colonel Harney.
Mr. BORLAND. Then 1 misunderstood the
Senator. The fact is, the goods were not des-
troyed until some time after Colonel Harney had
returned to San Antonio. Now, sir, as the Sena-
tor from Illinois [Mr. Shields] has stated some
circumstances of ids personal knowledge, it may
not be improper for me to state some from my
own, as it so happened that 1 was at San Antonio
aboirt^te time of these occurrences, and before
Mr. CaBghan's goods were destroyed at the Rio
Grande. I think it is a fact of my personal
knowledge, that Mr. Callaghan did not return
from the Rio Grande until some time after Colonel
Harney's return, and until after the goods had
been destroyed. I well remember it was said m
San Antonio at the time, that Mr. Callaghan had
aided in setting fire to the goods. I mention this
as a fact—not to censure him; for if it was right
to destroy the goods at all, it was not, wrong in
lum to aid in their destruction. Again, I think it
is a fact of my own knowledge, that no officer of
the regular Army remained at the Rto Grande
with the Texan volunteers, after Colonel Harney
and the regular troops returned. The goods be-
ing left behind, and Mr. Callaghan with them, the
presumption is, as I doubt not the fict was, that
they were in his charge and possession—that is,
he remained there voluntarily wiih them, for pur-
poses of his own, (surely he was subserving no
public interest,) and consequently on his own re-
sponsibility, and at his own risk. It js said that
Captain Cady, the senior captain of the Texan
volunteers that remained at the Rio Grande, who
commanded after Coloney Harney returned,gave
the order to burn the goods. I do not question
this. But I do deny the rightfulness of that or-
der, as [ deny the rightfulness of Captain Cady,
Mr. Callaghan, or a single man of the expedition
(even if they went there rightfully at first) re-
maining an hour after the order had been given to
them to return.
Then, as to the vwint of transportation. T can-
not understand how that want carneabout. When
the expedition went out they had sufficient irans-
'| poxt.ition, foi they carried, besides all other neces-
! saries, Air. Calla^han's y25,000 worth of goods,
! Now, were not the means of transporting this
: amount from San Antonio to the Rio Grande, suf-
| fieient to carry back again the reduced amount of
, §10,000 ? My opinion is, that there was not, and
: could not have been, any want of transportation.
I Indeed, I well remember it was said at the time
! that t/'ogons were burnt, together with the eoods;
] and I had supposed that their estimated value made
a part of the <$16,000 now claimed for loss. I may
i be mistaken in this, though such is my .impression.
: I agree with the Senator from Illinois, that Coionel
! Harneywasm the habit, not only of saving orders
: with decision, but of having them obeyed also.
But that Mr. Callaghan was corned alone, nolens
, vulens, bv force, and under ihe stringent operation
, of a military order, and that he did not wish to go,
i or was afraid to go, is not sustained by the cir-
' cumstonces of this ca&e. He was an old'trader m
the Mexican country, across the Rio Grande, and
m the constant habit of traveling backwards and
forwards from San Antonio. He was interested
in working one of the Mexican silver mines, per-
haps that of Santa Rosa. He was in the constant
habit of trading backwards and forwards; and he
kept a stock of goods suited to that business.
One reason, perhaps the controlling one, why Col-
onel Harney ma.de arrangements with hun to ^o
with the expedition, was the fact thrt he could
carry goods which were suited to the Mexicans;
and understanding their language, being familiar
with their character and habits, and experienced
