1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
in trading with them, he would be able to render ;
essential service to the expedition in procuring ;
supplier while he was, at the same time, serving :
himself !>y exchanging his goods for Mexican for- i
age and provisions, which he was selling to the ,
troops, .-nd, upon the operation, realizing a hand- '
some profit.
.Mr." SHIELDS. As far as t understand the '
Senator, his objection turns on the fact whether '
Colonel Harney authorized the destruction of the !
goods. .
Mr. J50R.LAND. If the Senator had been m ]
the Chamber when I made my first remarks, he
would have heard the three grounds of my objec-
tion. The first is, that the expedition was an un-
authorized one. The next is, that Mr. Callaghan ;
ou^'ht >. it to have remained upon the banks of
.'ie Rio Grande after the expedition had been or-
dered back, and after the main body of the troops
had returned to San Antonio. He ought not to
have remained there beyond their protection, when
he had the opportunity and means of getting back
to San Antonio in .good time. If the circumstan- j
ces were such as to require the expedition to fall ;
back, he should have returned. My third ground 1
of objection the want of what I regard, and
what I understand the Senate has heretofore re- ,
garderl, as competent proof of the order, try proper !
authority, to destroy the goods; or of the necessity j
of that order, supposing it to have been given. I
Mr. SHIELDS. I have already stated what I <
heard those gentlemen say. I hope the gentleman ;
does no', pretend to say that i stated that in cor- i
lectiy. They told me-—I am not responsible for J
what they said, they may have told me false-
hoods—that Colonel Harney hod gone there, had j
pressed the goods, had taken possession of them;
end when he left that place, had taken the wag- !
onp, carried off the residue, and left these goods, [
with instructions that if the Mexicans came and ;
forced them to abandon their position, the man
whom '-e left there in charge of the goods-—not
Cailagh-ui—should destroy them. I do not sup-
nose the gentleman pretends to say that 1 did not
hear these statements.
Mr. BORLAND. I have said nothing at all j
about the Senator's statements. It seems to me !
he has introduced that unnecessarily. I am not
questioning his statements upon any point;but I am
suiting the circumstances which satisfy my mind
that the t"ood.s were not destroyed under the cir- j
cuinstan- alL-ied in the memorial, in such a way, (
and by such autnoritv as would entitle the petitioner :
to relief. I make no question of the Senator's 1 j
srdt'-'men:s. nor those of any other Senator upon i
the floor, or elsewhere; hut "I do question the va- ;
liditv of this claim most emphatically; and have'I j
presented the facts and considerations which, in I
■riv opinion, do utierly destroy the only founda- ;
lions upon which it can pretend to rest.
[ may be wrong in the positions I have taken. If
so, then tlieclaim should beahowed. If tne Sen-
ate shad be satisfied, first, that the expedition was
an authorized one, that Colonel Harney had a
ri^h: to mike it, and to incur all the expenses and
.vm'o.is,hihcies which it involved, and_that those ,
responsibilities justly fall now upon this Govern-
rne<v. then that ground of my objection is—to your
mind, not mine—removed. Next, if you shall be
satisfied tha: Mr. Callahan rightfully remained
upon the banks of the Rio Grande after the order,
from unquestionable authority, had been given for
the whole expedition to return to San Antonio,
and after tiie gretttei part had so returned, and Col-
onel Harney with it, then the second ground of my
objection is—to vour mind, not mine—removed,
ind third, if it is satisfactorily praved to theSen-
. te that the desti uction of these goods was neces-
ssrv to 'he publicservtce.and that the order under
which thev were destroyed was from a lawful
-or.-ce. at:d leally given,then that objection is—to
vour mind. not mine—removed.
" Joa-, sir, how far does this responsibility of the
<i-i'oment extend, in the opinion of Senators.'
luck which Mr. Callaghan expenenced m
such as was afforded him by his little escort of j!
Mexican servants whom he had to cissist him, r
with a cargo of silver which he had obtained in '
the mines about Santa Rosa, in exchange for goods |,
he had carried there, and in collection of debts. |f
How many of these expeditions he made, I do not J,
know ; but I do know that the newspapers stated
that in returning from one of them, he was fallen
upon either by Mexicans or Indians, or some
others, robbed of his goods, and nearly lost his
life. Do Senators think he can claim payment
for his losses on that occasion? i think he could,
with as much lawful ri^ht as he does now for those
sustained at the Rio Grande. Why not?
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, I dislike to trou-
ble the Senate, for I know ihat very frequently
lengthened speaking on these small bills, instead
of benefiting them, does them a positive injury.
But there is some conflict here in regard to the
testimony. The Semiiorfrom Arkansas says that
this ciaim has been before the Senate for a long-
time. That is very true; but it has been up for
action only twice. It was before the Senate sev-
eral vears ago, and was then discussed at length.
The* honorable Senator from Arkansas on that
occasion showed just as much zeal as he has now
shown to prevent the passage of the bill. Still,
the bill was then passed by this body. I propose
now to read some of the testimony in this case, as
there seems to be some conflict in regard to it. I
hope, therefore, the Senate will pardon me for
reading from the testimony. I will first read the j
statement of Captain Cady, a gentleman under
whose orders the go'ods were destroyed: i.
"In July, 1846, Colonel Harney ordered my company !'
escort Mr" Callaghan *<• good? ro theUiuGiande. Mr. C.illd- ;;
ghan told me thai he was taking the nood^ to jell for tliepn.- :
porfe ot purchasing supplies lor the command*—after we j,
arrived at San Antonio. I know that ?.Ir. CaUaqhan & >ld !;
goodd lot piovisjion^ and forage, and turned them <>wr to '
the ijuartermaster for the use of tne troops. Colonel Hat- ;
nev otdeted three companies of volunteers to remain on Uie ,
left bank of the Ilio Giande until fuitbei otdeis, aiul with I
the balance of the command maiehed fot San \ritonio, ta- I
km" with htm all the wagons but two. Mr. C'allugitun tur ,
mj-hed his own transportation, and had pievioiMy scut his ,
carts to San Antonio.
- A few days a'tei Colonel Flarncy left. we received an •
order from Colonel Vouns, eo.nmandin* volunteer, di- :
rected to Captains Cadv, Smith, and Evan*, t<> re pah imme- ,,
diatoly on receipt of the order to San Antonio with their |i
commands. After receiving Colonel Youngs oider, we j;
sent the quarterma?tei over the nvei to pmcha-e provtb- j,
ions, and hire carts or pack mule' for the puipo^e Ot trans-
porting our provision* and Mr. Callaghan's i,rood> to San 1
Antonio. When our men were m the boat, and about '
teturning. they were fm-d upon by a party of Mexicans, ■
wounding several of our men. The enemy then decoyed j
our boat. At that time the river \va< utinutallv high, some i
five or six. hundred yards wide, extreme!} swift, and impos- ]
sible for us to lord or cros«. After lemammu; on the left
bank of the river several days, the river continuing to n>.p.
our p'ovisions petting scarce, we concluded to match to ,
San Antonio put&uant to orders. As we had no means of ;
transporting the public propeity or Mr. Calhiehan"- good?, a
council of officers was called, who oideied the propeity to •
be de-tioved to prevent them liom tailing into the hands' oi j
tne enemy, <>nr two wagons could not more tluin cany i
tlie -lck and provisions enough to Lut to San Antonio.
D. C. CADY, Lute Captain Texas Rangers. i
'« State of Texas, County of Travis ; ,
Sworn to, and subscribed before me, tins May .-M, A. D. '
1850. fn t^timony whereof, i hereto set my hand and the ;
j peal of the county comt. J. MlN-hli, Chief Justice "
j That is the statement of Captain Cady, an offi- (
cer in the service of the United States, who was 1
: left on the Rio Grande, by the command of Col- ;
I onel Harney, and in possession of these goods, i
Colonel Harney's statement is corroborative of ;
I these facts. It is not necessary that I should >
' trouble the Senate with reading u all. The con- :
J eluding portion is as follows;
Upon the return of the last troops to Fan Antonio, he ,
disposed ofapoition of s.aid s-tock at Hie Rio Grande. A .
lar^e portion of it, as I am informed and behe\e. was de-
stioyed at said rivet, to prevent it^ tatimg into t.n; hands of
the euex!i\. I made this contract, because I wu • featistieu
that the funds and supplies of the qudrtcrm.i-ter^ depait-
ment,at Fan Antonio, were notfcuffictent lorthe supporto.
the expedition ^ HARM^i  
Colonel 2J tirngoom of the T mtcd Stole* Anay.
I will next read the statement of D. G. Rogers,
2d lieutenant of dragoons, and assistant quarter-
master:
« I do herebv ceitifv, upon honor, that T '.ipoomivamcd t v*
i ... 1 ""/ilnnfll tO til<5
tune.
\tr. SHtl^LDS. Unde- protection.
*•'(?. BORL\XD. If he had protection, I am
> 'it'jiva'c ,,f u. [ rna him in the month of No-
vc-~'- • r, nt Presidio, with no protection at nl!,savp
pxppdition undiT tlie "command of Colonel Harney to tho
lho Ci-ando. am! acted as f;uaitHimaster of tlie sami ■ Jlio
force" eon)po--i;.i: "aid comiiidnd. left t'-an Aulonio on tne
•M day of Jui", 18411. Benjamm Callaghan, arei-ideritmer-
chant of San "Antonio, accompanied said e.xpedition with a
lave stock of merchandise, which said siocx, and t.ic pro-
 eed« of the sale thereof, was subject to my order, tor tne
use and subsistence of the armv. alter the same had reae.ied
the Rio Grande. A part of said merchandise «' dispo-eo
of by Mr. Callaghan at the Rio Grande, and the funds paid
over to me. A !ar«e portion of the same was destroyed, by
order ol the officer remaining m command of the portion
of the forces left at the Rio Grande, upon his return to
San Antonio, to prevent the same falhng'into the hands of
the enemy. I am satisfied, from my knowledge of the cir-
cumstances. that the invoicn and account current exhibited
hv Mr. Callaghan against the quartermaster's department
is correct, and that the oahtnee of ,«-16.194 oO, as therein
j-peeificii, is a just and \aiid charge against the quarter-
master's department. D. G. ROGERS,
*'• lieutenant of dragoons, Ji, A. Q. M.
il September %K
In relation to the account current, the sameofii-
cer says:
T hereby certify, upon bono;, that I ha\e examined the
within amount, which 1.- rhe farm' iuicrred to in uiy certifi-
cate of this* date, n«id nud the balance therein stated, to be
tin-* amount ofjiie mercnatub-e destroyed by order of D. C.
Cadv, captain commanding nt camp .Tumata. on the Rio
Grange, on the ^^tl) day of Auiru*t.
'-D.G.ROGERS,
i: *!</ lieutenant of dru^oon^, *]. Jl. Q. Af.
8ej>t''tn}>cv 21- 1^*16.'
The facts of this case are shortly these. Colo-
lie] Harney—whatever quarrel there maybe, atid%
we have no evidence that it was an authorized
expedition, ?xcept the opinion of gentlemen—was
at it separate po&t. Every body knows Colonel
Harney to be a bold man. He made an expedi-
tion from San Antonio !o tlie Rio Grande. No-
body contends that lie did that against orders; but
he was ordered back by the commanding gene-
ral. He left Sail Antonio with sufficient force, in
my humble judgment, to whip all the Mexicans
who would dare to come near him. ColonelHar-
ney could not get along, could not support his
forces without taking these goods with him; hence
he made a contract with Callahan, and the goods
were turned over to the quartermaster to supply
the tioops with forage and provisions. .After he
got to the Rio Grande he received the order of the
commanding general to return, and he did return
with a 'int of his command, taking all the bag-
gage wagons with him except two. When he
returned to San Antonio he left Captain Evans,
Captain Cady, and Captain Smith m possession
at the Rio Grande, where they remained, and
where these goods remained to support the troops.
It seems that afterwards an order was received
from Colonel Young, who had superseded Harney
in command, directing these men to retire from
the Rio Grande to San Antonio. For the purpose
of doing so^ they sent a detachment over the river
to procure transportation, in order to take the
coo'ds to San Antonio. Coming back they were
fired on by the Mexicans, and their boat was de-
stroyed . There was no transportation on this side
of the Rio Grande, and they could procure none
on the other side. The goods were in the posses-
sion of the officer of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, by no fault of Callaghan, at the instance of
the colonel 111 command, and under the sanction
of the quartermaster, who was responsible for his
conduct in his accounts with the Department here.
The troops were ordered by the commanding of-
ficer to return. They had but two baggage
wafons, which were barely sufficient to transport
tiie'sick. What did thev do under these circum-
stances? They held a council of officers. I hap-
pen to know these gentlemen. Mi. Evans,who
was for a long time a very creditable officer of our
judiciary, and a man of talents, respectability, and
cottage," was one of them. Captain Smith, an-
other one, was also distinguished for his courage
and ability. I have not the pleasure of knowing
Captain Cady personally, but I understand that
he is \ erv much of a gentleman. These three offi-
cers it seems, from the statement of Captain Gad\ ,
under oath, held a council to determine whether
they should go off and leave Callaghan's goods to
be taken by the enemy, and thus give them en-
couragement and support, or to abandon the place
and destroy the goods. They chose tlie latter al-
ternative, and destroyed the goods.
Now. if this does not make a legal and just
claim asainst the Government of the United
S'-ites, it"is difficult for me to conceive what would
make a jus; and legal claim. If this state of facts,
and this testimony, does not justify the claim, I do
not know what could. I might have read more
testimony in corroboration of che points of the
case, but I did not choose to delay the Senate on
that subject.
Something has beer, said with regard to Mr.
Callahan. It is said tha' h* is a Mexican trader.
He is a gallant Iri-mman J know him_ well;
, and I do not believe 'hat he is capable of bunging
