790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
before Congress, even upon his own unsupported
statement, an improper account. He is a man
who has had dealings with the Mexicans, and is
very well liked by tbem. He is a man of high
reputation as a merchant. I happen to know that
after this time, when General Wool made his ex-
peditioninto Mexico, Mr. Bryan Callaghan, with-
out asking any pay out of the Treasury of the
United States, went with General Wool, was his
guide, went on at the head of the army with a
fatigue party, and bridged the streams, so as not to
delay the General when the safety of the army
depended on his joining General Taylor immedi-
ately. He did all this under the impulses of a
warm heart and a gallant disposition, and claimed
no pay from the Government of the United States
for it. If, under these circumstances, it is neces-
sary to make a sacrifice of Bryan Callaghan to the
amount of §16,000, be it so; but I must protest
against it.
Mr. BORLAND. Before the vote is taken, 1
desire to say that it seems to me that the advo-
cates of this bill undertake to put it on a founda-
tion upon which it does not rest. If a bill were
brought forward to be passed on grounds of grati-
tude to Mr. Callaghan, or on his personal merits
as an individual, 1 should not have a word to say
against it, because I concur in what has been said
in his favor in this respect. I have cause to know
that he is a very clever man. This is my opinion
from some personal knowledge of him. For that
reason J do not wish that this debate should give
any such color or direction to my remarks as to
reflect on Mr. Callaghan as an individual, or on
any one else. I do not oppose the bill on that
account. If that were a proper ground for it to
stand upon, I should zealously support it; because
personally I entertain for him very kind personal
feelings, perhaps more kind than for any other
man I met in Texas. My objection to this bill
does not apply to the personal merits of Mr. Cal-
laghan at all. The evidence which has been fur-
nished in this case does not satisfy me that this
claim rests on the only foundation on which the
Senate of the United States or the other House of
Congress have ever paid a claim. We may sup-
pose that evidence to exist; but what the Senator
from Texas has read does not meet the objection;
that evidence, such as is usually required is not
before us. The Senator read the vague and cau-
tiously-worded statementsof the officers, but he has
not produced the order. He has not produced
evidence or circumstances to show that the order
ought to have been given, or the fact that it was
given.
I find by one of the affidavits read by the Sen-
ator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] that my memory,
in one particular, was sustained in point of time
and of fact. It is as to the date of the burning of
these goods at the Rio Grande—the 28th August,
1846. I arrived at San Antonio on the 25th of
August, 1846; and early in September of that year
I first saw Mr. Callaghan,and heard from him the
first account which I did hear of the burning of
his goods, on the Rio Grande. I knew, then, that I
he intended to bring forward a claim for them; |
and, if my memory serves me, I told him even :
then, that I did not think it was a valid claim. It ,
was then talked about freely, and the impression j
on my mind was, that it had no foundation in 1
justice. It cannot be considered a reflection on 1
this gentleman, who does not think so, that he !
brings forward the claim. There is no question i
of honor involved in it. If we are to assume that 1
it is evidence of dishonor for an individual to :
bring forward a claim when others think it <wjust, i
we should brand some of the best men of the na- '
tion as dishonorable. j
But that is not the point. The question is this:
"Was this claim established before us by testimony I
such as has always been required, and such as i
well-recognized and established principles require
we should have, to warrant us in paying a claim j
of this character? This has not been done to my
satisfaction. I therefore must vote against it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the executor'? of Robert Portcrfield have
ofathe Senate petition mid papers from the files
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. BRADBURY, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness; and after some time spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned until
Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 19, 1852.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Rev. Littleton F. Morgan.
The Journalof yesterday was read and approved.
ACCOUNTS OF PROSPER M. AVETMORE.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to move to take up a message from the
President of the United States, which was read a
few days ago, and laid on the table for the pur-
pose of being printed. I make the motion with a
view of having the message referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. It is a message from the
President transmitting a copy of the report in re-
lation to the accounts of Prosper M. Wetmore,
late Navy agent in the city of New York. 1 do
not desiie to debate it now, but simply to move
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask that all
the communications on the Speaker's table may
be taken up and referred.
Mr. ORR. This communication is not upon the
Speaker's table. It was read'and laid upon the
table, and I simply ask now that it may be taken
up and referred.
Mr. SEYMOUR. Well, I have no objection
to that.
The SPEAKER. Is the proposition of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina objected to ?
Mr. BROOKS. I object, and call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of Connecticut, moved that
the House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know what is the
purpose of the gentleman from Connecticutin mov-
ing to go into a Committee of the Whole on the
Private Calendar. The House will remember that
i we have only until Tuesday to complete the de-
ficiency bill, and if the object of the gentleman is
to contend for to-day and to-morrow, why, 1 shall
have to contend with him for both of those days.
It is possible that, if the House would sit to-mor-
row, we might finish the deficiency bill by Tues-
day.
Mr. DANIEL. So far as I am concerned, I
am disposed to compromise with the gentleman.
The question was then taken on Mr. Seymour's
motion, and there were—ayes 60, noes 32; no
quorum voting.
Mr. CHANDLER demanded tellers.
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to make an inquiry of
the Chair. If the deficiency bill is not disposed
of by Tuesday next, will it not be then superseded
by another bill, which has been made the special
order ?
The SPEAKER* The homestead bill of the
gentleman from Tennessee is, by order of the |
House, the special order after Tuesday next. I
Mr. HALL. Mr. Speaker, I should like to i
inquire if the last Congress did not appropriate ,
$50,000,000 for the present fiscal year, which is j
within a few millions of the amount expended
annually by Mr. Polk's administration during; the i
war?
Mr. CHANDLER. The amount has been ex- !
pended to pay Mr. Polk's debts.
Mr. HALL. No, sir; it has been expended to
satisfy your extravagance, and I am opposed to ,
indulging- your wastefulness any further. i
Mr. BROOKS. We challenge inquiry in the
Committee of the Whole, that we may refute the
assertion of the gentleman from Missouri. I
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no chance now to
debate these things in Committee of the Whole.
I shall have an opportunity to make an hour's ,
speech. I was, however, disposed myself, on the ;
assurance of gentlemen around me, that they 1
would give tn-morrow, and Monday, and Tues- ;
day, to the deficiency bill—1 was disposed to let 1
private bills be taken up to-day, as a day has not
been devoted to that business for three weeks. i
The question was then taken on ordering the jj
yeas and nays on Mr. Seymour's motion, and
there were—ayes 25, noes 70; no quorum.
Mr. FOWLER demanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. We cannot do any business
until there is a quorum present.
Mr*. HALL. It does not require a quorum to
order the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
it requires a majority of the House to do the busi-
ness of the House.
Mr. HALL. But less than a quorum can order
the yeas and nays. Suppose there is a call of the
House 
The SPEAKER. That is quite a different thing.
It is for the purpose of getting a quorum to do
business.
Mr. ORR. It seems to me it is a very hard mat-
ter to get a quorum this morning. I move that
there be a call of the House, that we may see who
is absent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion. That will answer the
same purpose as the call.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the ques-
tion being taken on the motion that there be a call
of the House, it was decided in the negative—yeas
64, nays 95; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willis Allen, Barrere, Bennett,
Bibighaus, Bowie, Bragg, Brenton, Brooks, Budl, Chan-
dler, Cliuichwell, Conge"!. Cullorn, Curtis, John G. Davis,
Dawson, Eastman, Edgerton, Evan«, Faulkner, Fitch,
Floyd, Freeman, Goodenow, Goiman, Haiper, Hart, Ha-
ven, Thomas Y. IIow, Jackson, Jam^s Johnson, J. Glancy
Jones, Letcher, Lockhart, Mace, Maitin, McDonald, Mc-
Lanahan, McMulhn, Meaeham, Millor, Molony, Henry D.
Moore, Morrison, Orr, Samuel W. Parker, Perm, Phelps,
Porter, Robinson, Seudder, David L. Seymour, Smith,
Stanly, Stiatton, Tavlor, Townshcnd, Tuck, Venable,
Wallace, Welch, Wilcox, and Yates—6<I.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, John Appleton, William Ap-
pleton, Averett, Babeoek, Baitlett, Beale, Bocock, Bur-
! rows, Bushy, E. C.irrmgton Cabell, Joseph Cable, Thomp-
son Campbell, Chapman, Clark, Clingman, Cobb, Daniel,
j Dnnmick, Dockery, Duncan, Dunham, Durkee. Edmund-
son, Fickhn, Fowler, Gamble, Gaylord, Gentry, Gilmore,
; Grow, Hall, Hamilton, IshamG. Harris, Sampson W. Har-
ris, Hendricks, H<jnn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Holladay, Hors-
ford, Houston, Howard, Ives, Jenkins, Andrew Johnson,
John Johnson, Robert W. Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Geo.
W. Jones, George G. King, Kuhn«, Kurtz, Mason, McNair,
McQueen,Million, John Moore,Morehead, Newton, Olds,
Andrew Parker, Peaslee, Pennmian, Perkins, Polk, Pow-
ell, Price, Sackett, Schennerhorri, Schoolcraft, Scurry,
1 Origen S. Seymour. Skelton, Smart, Snow, Benjamin Stan-
i ton, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Abraham
I P. Stevens, Stone, Stuart, Sutherland, Benjamin Thomp-
, son, Geo. W. Thompson, Thurston, Walsh, Ward, Wash-
burn, Watkins, Weils, Addison White, Alexander White,
WiJdriek, and Williams—95.
So a call of the House was not ordered.
Mr. DANIEL. I hope my colleague will now
withdraw his call for the yeas and nays, and per-
mit the House to go into Committee of the Whole,
with a view to take up the Private Calendar to-
day. Then I am willing that the balance of the
week shall be devoted to the consideration of the
deficiency bill. We havedone scarcely anything,
as yet, upon the Private Calendar this session, and
I hope the House will consent to take that busi-
ness into consideration to-day; and under the
pressing necessity of the case, I will not-insist
upon taking up tfie Private Calendar to-morrow;
but I will concur, and I hope those who are dis-
I posed to take up the Private Calendar will concur,
I with the proposition of the gentleman from Ala-
, bama, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
; and Means, [Mr. Houston,] to take up the defi-
! ciency bill, and continue its consideration until it
I is disposed of. I hope the motion to so into Com-
! mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar will
' prevail.
Mr. STANLY. If I thought the House would
certainly meet to-morrow, and as gentlemen upon
the other side of the House desire to go into Com-
[ mittee of the Whole on the Private Calendar to-
. day, I would not object to it. I will withdraw the
i call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask the con-
1 sent of my friend from North Carolina, to allow
me to ask the unanimous consent of the House to
. submit a proposition, that the resolution providing
for closing debate upon thedeficiencybill.be so
modified as to read, " shall cease in one hour after
the committee shall next take the subject under
consideration."
I ask permission to state to the House that I
now have the floor in committee on that bill, and
that I wish to debate the bill itself. I had occu-
pied the floor about eight or ten minutes when the
