1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
793
erty while in .hostility to thie Government. We "
did it, and by the rules of war. But here are I1
these Indians, hiding in ambush and carrying on ,J
a barbarous warfare, not according to the rules of
civilized society, which we cannot plunder. We \
cannot take their negroes—that wouid be cruel—
but they have a right to carry off those held by
our citizens. Gentlemen come forward and say, !:
that the Semiooles, while moving West, saw these
negroes, and had compassion upon them in the ;t
midst of their chains, and carried them to the ;■
West along with themselves. Jesup'sand the In- "
dians' hearts were in the right place, but Wat- ;
son's was not—he wanted to make a speculation, j
A man in making a trade wants to make some- •
thing out of it. In Pennsylvania, [ have no doubt, ji
when men make a trade, they desire to make as :
much as they can from it. But the question is not ;
as to whether he wanted to make money or not. '
He certainly thought it was a prudent contract,
or else he would not have entered into it. He, as
would gentlemen in Pennsylvania and New YorkT 11
desired to gain by it. A man anywhere would be •'
actuated by the same feelings. For that reason, .
however, is the Government to deny him repay-
ment? it is said that he made a good bargain. ,
Well, if he did, he has not got the benefits of it.
It has turned up to be a very bad one. I hear ex- 1
pressions of this kind: that it was a profitable h
speculation; that he entered upon it for that pur- . j
pose; that he had his eyes set upon the negroes—
upon the gain to accrue from the transaction, from 11
which it is concluded that the Government should /
not pav him back the money he has paid. It is '
the law, I believe, of e\ery State in this Union,
that where you get money without consideration,
the money is to be refunded. That is equity and
law, and the money is bound to be paid back.
These Indians had been raging a war against rs,
destroying our people and their property. They 1
had been plundering us of our negroes, and we, in ,
return, having the light to plunder ihem 
Mr. SACKETT. I interrupt the gentleniHu
for the purpose of making a statement of a few
facts connected with this case. The contract with
the Creek Indians by General Jesup was made in
September; I have not the contract herp, but it
was during (he month of September, lt<36. By
reports matle to the War Department from Florida, 1
it is shown that none of the Creek warriors got ;
into the service of the United States earlier than
the latter part of December of that year. On the
6th day of March, 1837, a treaty was made with j
the Seminole Indians, by which hostilities ceased,
which left only two months for the Creeks to he
in service. JN"ow, I state, as a matter of t.njt, that
a large portion of these very negroes you aie tnlk- j
iiig about either were captured or came in volun- ,
lardy after that treaty was entered inio w:th the
Seinnioles. 1 wish to directive ^en'Jemasi's atten-
tat i ta another consideration-—to a letter written
by General Arbuckle, t)s late as August,_ 1837_
whi'"h was about four months alter tins < hum of.
contract was made by Watson, in which ne states
the fact that he had received a letter from the Su-
perintendent of Indian Aifairs, and one also from
the Secretary of War, from winch he learned that
it was unknown in Vv dshin^ton that the money
had been paid fbi these negroes. That is four
months after the transaction.
Mr. JOHNSON. But few of the ne-roes were
raptured m trie rwo months ot service renaered
by the Creek warriors in Florida, and most of the
ne -roes w!>Hi were sent Wes} c nne in voluntarily
after the making of the treaty of peace, Uu here
is th<> 'schedule of those that were eapturcc, and )t
>3 rhown here that General Jesup paid jio these
Cieek warriors 5?,000 for iic"roes. .out oie
amount of negroes Unities nat'inc. ^.uey uh>k
but suppose thev only captuted one, mc
Wats,,,, a'-reeu to "ive $34.000 for that one these
Tncitams had aided'our people hi tak.nff, nil; fit
Government would he hound to comity u"tn iK
enticement—to either deliver the captured to Me
k.(m- to refund the money that has oeeu paid.
The contract not bein? complied with, the coiimi -
rvaMon having failed, this Government, I come
is bound to sue back the money it has recmed.
Does the senile,mi. de.iv this to be sound taw—
that weif money has been paid upon a considera-
tion, and the consideration fails to be rendered, it
jshmikl he^i\en back' _
Mr WELCH. The difficulty litre is, tliat me
"Pitlp'iriaii iVotY- Gcorf;i,. assumes thnt the Gov-
ernmenthas received this money. The truth is, ; vers frauds; does that authorize the Government
that the Government has not received one cent of to defraud him? Because he has done wrong, shall
it. Suppose, as the gentleman has said, that there : we do wrong? If he was fraudulent, will that ex-
was but one negro captured and m custody at the onerate the Government from complying with its
time tins-order was given; the utmost extent of the contracts? What do they owe him r They owe
liability of the Government, upon the gentleman's j'him a return of the money that he paid. But he
own hypothesis, would be the value of that negro, i: was not a fraudulent man. He stood high in the
But what I wish to call the gentleman's attention I estimation of his neighbors, and to the day of his
to is the fact that, m the papers before us, there jt death possessed their esteem and good will. If
is a total absence of proof and identification of any i the payment of this elaim is to be put upon an
one negro as having been a slaveto the Seminoles, j' issue of that sort, Watson's friends would not
or as having been captured by the Creek warriors fear to meet such an istue.
previous to the capitulation of March, 1837- There is another grave objection comes in here
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the gentleman will ; against the payment of this claim, one founded
excuse me; I have not time. General Watson upon national politics, which has been disturbing
attempted m various ways to procure the posses- 1 the country from one end to the other. There are
sion of these negroes. He sent Collins to Little
Rock, Arkansas, after the Government had trans-
ported them West, for the purpose of getting them.
Collins went as the agent of Watson, and also as
the agent of the Creek warriors, who had made the
sale to Watson under the power of attorney; an
agent appointed, not by the Government for the
Creeks, but an agent appointed by the parties
themselves. Being unable to obtain the posses-
sion of the negroes at the West, he next endeav
men in certain sections who say that wecannotdo
any act which will recognize the existence of slav-
ery. They cannot countenance, by their votes,
the recognition of the fact, that slavery docs exist.
Can gentlemen, by their votes, destroy the existence
ofGovernmentasitis? It makes no difference how
they vote, or what may be theirfeelings,elavery did
exist, and will still exist. They may defeat Wat-
son s claim, and keep his money in their pockets.
!■ They cannot destroy the existence of slavery, and
ored to get back the money that he had paid from ,'j they must have a connection with it. They have
the Indian agent. He wanted either his money ,1 connected themselves with the institutions of the
or the negroes. It was natural that he should try ;| country by the compact, whether they recognize
every opportunity to remunerate himself. 1 it or not. They have agreed solemnly that slav-
The gentleman from Ohio, however, denies the jj pry, in certain portions of this country, should be
Government having made this contiact with Wat- J represented upon this floor. It is represented
son. and says that it was not made at its instance,
nor by its consent. Now, with all respect to the
gentleman, I think that there is here evidence
showing that it was done at the instance of the
Government. The Government wanted some one
to purchase the negroes, and Watson was heie.^
But, supposing it was not made at the instance of
the Government, then the Government this day
owes the Creek Indians for the value of these
negroes. The Government has been discharged
from the contract, or it has not been discharged | independent nation ?
from the contract; and if it lias been discharged, it
was by the payment of money madeby Watson. If
tlu-o is not the ease, the Government to-day owes
the Creek Indians for their captures 111 Plorida
from the Seminoles. You are cither under an ob-
ligation to Watson, or you are under an obliga-
tion to the Creeks. The contract which W ntson
made with the Creeks, exonerated the Govern- 1
nient from liability; and, of course, the Gu\em-
inent gave an order to the agent 01 Watson—L/ol-
lins—directed to its agent ot Fort Pike who had
possession of the negioes, that they should be
delivered op ro Watson. Ta^-re 1-, r-n a Jino.vl-
ed'xment. That shows that it was <au:e by mo
cfvy^ent of the Guvcinvaens oc els.} the Govern-
ment would not Imvg l'lven sucn an older.
But the gentleman ^avs that there v.as no iden-
tification of the negroes taken from the ftennnoles.
Wo toon's right does not depend upon the idmiifi-
■ cation. The Government had the possession of
the negroes, and whose doty was it tu identify
themr Whose e'.se the Gn\^-.mint's. who
had direc-10'i tl'.O thev "•houhl t"J df hvr-red np. it
vv;is the C>oveaame u ^-'.aaao, have noae it,
and not Watson; y.*t the Govenmioat naaia nu
attempts to identify them, if it did not identify,
the fault u'ys ant wJi "Watson. It m had'y ita'v e
the order for the delivering of these n--roes: end
because Watson d.-i identifv the aearoe-a ^.'ivmic
Paul over hi^ money upon an a^rcemeii' _oi tms
sort, and the Government failing ^ wnh
its promise, is he to h.se the negt. < s>m a;.- if om?>\
and the Government to i.e ri.-schni';e<! fr^-n 3N ~a-
iigations under the con.rail-
I have alrcydv detained the eormmirec longer
then I ou^lr. to hove done, bur the nume.'cio ts
thne?
111 the cise ranoe it ntccs'sir>r t1
Tt lias been launorod, that indiviniia.s
attack the chawv
of integrity and
na">"
v o^ TeoP"ni We.tson. s ^ m ta
^tannniir Geneivl Wa'--on --vas
\vn ^tote. and died n; the town
1 knew lur.i v.eil. lit was 3
it is true, like m-.ay othor niva;
but tiiat is not his ciime, and v"H raM rc c-^se ttie
Government from its obligations. ll:s cs'ate is
now If M had been mima^-d ^aalait-
lv, it would nnt have heen so. A more humane
did not bve uaoo the bnuk^ 0
a cni?en of ro,y «"
wher* I reside,
eeniati'^i* nv\r.,
here. Tliis fact they h;ive to recognize, whether
it is palatable or not.
Mr. WELCH. General Jesup, in several of
his letters, says.that he treated with the Seminole
Indians as ail independent and separate nation.
T wish to propound this question to the gentleman
from Geo!'2;i>i, [Mr. Johnson.] admitting that wt
must, under the Constitution, which I do not admit,
reo.oirmze the existence ot* slavery in the Stales,
can v;e recognize its existence in a separate and
independent nation ? For instance, if we should
have a war with Turkey, and in that war should
capture some of the slaves held by the Turks, I
ask the genfleraaii if we can, ur,der the Constitu-
tion of the U mted States, treat those captured slaves
as property r J say we cannot.
Mr. JOHNSON. In ancient times, according
to the rules of war, you treated persons as prop-
erty who were taken m war. What is to prevent
us from dointi it ?
Ivlr. SACXBTT. Because the nation cannot
hold that property.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is to preventthe nation
froia hoUS'oi^ it'- iV.it uiV time will not allow me
io S-e oiawi: into a discussion ot mwii questions,
aiibouirii I v.oul.i like to do it. Admitting your
pnncipies to he true, oujjht not Watson to "have
Ins money? That is the questioji before the com-
mutee. Bui I cay that they are connected with
slave; y, ami they recosrm/e the fict. \ ou have
tier,no's v.nil Ui'r./il. and in makmtc treaties with
Civ.ril yi.u ' eco^ni-ze that Governmtiit as nil ex-
ik!)1! ' f.,ct. According to the facts of the case,
-oe reco^nir.e a ^overnrnent according to its intei-
iial re::ulaii,.ns. You most reco^rni^e the facts as
they n:e: and a refusal upon your part will not
destroy tin- facts. Cut ttiey ar" otherwise con-
iict^d' w:ih it. Tney have'solemnly 0i"'eed that
hen s: ives escaoe i'lom .-cr\ice into one ot the
cs, and we corne to ck.irn them, that they will
\ei those slaves. Tjsat is their agreement. It
a '-'lemn coamact hefyeert irdependent com-
ni.,i;t:es by soveimn States, and by tins compec
thev ronnect thetnsel'.ts wuh the institution, and
diseoii'R.t the-ns'-tves from it and main-
1 'a d: s c o n n cau i n g th em s c i v e s
iv themselves a eove-
^ !e Tiievhave ■" .vt ruin ted and
luted to do it" and they have iVtied
ij>jv.pooc 'hat such was not the '">se.
Tiro, to do wui' this ea-e' TNotbipt;
o niT'lud"1'1, anil nothnv: Scat to justify
,te a^'on^t this c'aun, ind
wh
W[a
del
C'J 1 • i nt
tain th^ir C'.Tj
Lllif"
mint or-
snip'-iivy st .i
to do it, c
1'iL^t u
•-enient.
npact, thev i
\ eopl
mini
the Chpua-
l,.,ochee,or the Allcghanv. He was ctiapec' w,tl!
frauds. But admit that he was a iraudiuer t
nut it xipon the qround that he had rr
a'lted di-
bit •. to sI11*
and taafU' -n?e a man t
to £0 he-art. Irs ron^turenn, who do not under-
faand thesa quertion:', rad
lie \aned re: nnst sKwi ry 11
Th*?j e woald be nothn1?. To
to do laslire pad ]iav b?<
pt^verv eN];-!.:d, and t
The a^nt^aiao fr--ira
jior'p.ii'1 10
doe- not u e
to ded^r . n• them tliat
ever'v possible
h'stify him in refnsinr;
oni* money, hut
* contraer re^err^d fo slaves.
New York [Mr. Sack^tt]
Uw'. He says national law
existence" of slavery. T
