794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
think the gentleman is in great error upon that
poii.t. National law recognizes nations as they
exist, and it cannot recognize them otherwise than
as they do exist. National law has nothing to do
with the municipal or internal regulations of States,
but only to regulate the intercourse of_ foreign
States with each other. In doing: that, it recog-
nizes the existence of States, as they are in point
of fact. National law then recognizes sla\ery
wherever slavery exists. But the gertleman from
New York [Mr. Sackett] says that the presump-
tion from the rules of national law is in favor of
freedom. Now that may be the rule of evidence
in New York, but it is not in Georgia. The
national law has no right to change it either in
New York or Georgia. It may be a rule of evi-
dence to make a presumption in favor of freedom
where such a rule is founded upon municipal
law, and where that municipal law is established
by the State itself, and it may be a presumption
of law against freedom on account of color, but
national law has nothing to do with these rules of
evidence forming the iaw of a locality. Then, I
say, what* bearing-have they upon the issue? It
is a simple question, and with this simple state-
ment I will now take my sent. The Government
agreed to do a thing and did not do it. We paid
our money to the Government upon their agreeing
to do it. They have got our money, and refuses
to pay back the money. All these questions
about national law, the presumption of evidence,
eternal chains and bondage, may manifest a man's
disposition and feeling; in other words, they may
prove that a man has "strong free-soil tenden-
cies," but they do not show the fact, that we are
not entitled to our money.
Mr. SACKETT. I "do not propose to detain
the committee long, as I have in some degree pre-
sented my views upon this case before. I only
propose to recall the attention of the committee to
certain points, that I think should govern this case.
I wish to say here in the very outset, that all this
attempt to bring this case within any influence,
either of slavery or anti-slavery, I think, is en-
tirely foreign to the consideration of the subject,
and if my remarks the other day had any such
tendency, I can only say, that nothing could have
been further from my intentions.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am happy that the gentle-
man has arrived at the conclusion, that these things
have nothing to do with the merits of the case, and
I hope I will stand excused before the committee,
for havmgalluded to them, because something was
said about national laws, and eternal bondage. I
spoke strictly in reply to the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SACKETT. I will not call the gentle-
man's propriety into question. * What I intended
to say tne other day—a matter connecting itself in
some degree with questions of slavery—was simply
to lay down certain propositions of law—proposi-
tions that I regarded as sound and as applicable to
this case. If this law question connects itselfin any
degree with the slavery questions of the day, it is a
thing I cannot avoid—a thing which belongs to the
consideration of the case and cannot be separated
from it Fitsf, let us look at the beginning of this
case; and I desire to call the attention of the gen-
tlemen who have been addressing the committee
upon this subject, to this part of the case, as well
as to its other and more important parts. I think,
before I sit down, that I will be able to convince
even them, that this Government is under no obli-
gation whatever to pay any portion of this money.
The case began in a contract made by a command-
ing officer in the time of war, with a certain otner
independent foreign power (the Creek Indians) for
the supply of troops, to be engaged in that war.
That is the origin of the claim. Ash part of the
terms of that agreement, the troops thus engaged
were to have a certain compensation per month,
and a certain contingent compensation by way of
plunder; the agreement securing to them all the
founder they might take from the common enemy.
There can be no disagreement about all of these
propositions. In this agreement rests the origin
of the claim. As I said the other day, and muse
necessarily say now, the proper, fair, and legal
construction of the term " plunder" is a necessary
element m arriving at a just conclusion in relation
to the claim. I suppose " plunder," in its common
signification, would mean any kind of property
taken by our allies in the service for which they
were engaged that is recognized as property by
the party contracting thus to pay.
We have now arrived at a legal position in the
case. The word " plunder" covers any kind of
property recognized as property by this Govern-
ment, and secures, under the agreement, to the
Creeks all such plunder, and no other.
Now, I ask any gentleman, no matter whether
he be'from the North or from the South, whether
he be pro-slavery or free-soil, whether he be the
owner of slaves or an abolitionist—does the Gov-
ernment of the United States, as u Confederacy—
and the Government is the contracting power here
if there is any party contracting—does the Gov-
ernment of the United States, as a Confederacy,
recognize slaves as the property of the Confeder-
acy, oras property that the Confederacy can hold,
in any form whatever? Every one will answer,
manifestly, not. It has been decided too frequent-
ly, to admit of doubt; it is too plain a proposition
, to admit even of argument. No man can gainsay
the soundness of the position, that the United
States, as a contracting party, agreeing to secure
, plunder to an ally they were engaging in their ser-
vice, do not theieby agree to recognize as plun-
der what by the Constitution and laws of the coun-
try is not recognized as property? Is not that a
sound proposition ? I think it is.
Thus much upon the construction of the con-
tract. 1 hope the committee will understand me
as not regarding this nart of the case as a very im-
portant part of it, for I think it is not. I think there
are other considerations which would relieve the
Government from any liability, even if the word
44slaves" had been used in the contract itself, or
if the Government could hold or convey slaves by
contract.
i The next proposition that should be presented
1 in order to give the committee a clear and contin-
j uous understanding of the subject, is the question
j touching, what gentlemen have frequently called
i in the course of this discussion, the " agreement"
! of General Jesup to liquidate the claim that the
' Creek Indians had upon these negroes for $8,000.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. He did not agree
to do it.
Mr. SACKETT. I understand that.
Mr. CL1NGMAN, (interrupting.) I desire to
ascertain a fact in this connection, by which my
vote will be in a great measure regulated. I want
to know, whether the Government of the United
i States received the money from this individual,
i and whether or not any consideration has ever
| been given for that money ?
Now, I do not care anything about the contract,
j I hold that, if the Government received the money
! from this individual, and failed to make him any
: consideration for it, they are bound to return it.
I Mr. SACKETT. Certainly; certainly. I agree
; with the gentleman entirely in that. £ut, if the
| gentleman will allow me, I wish to discuss this
: matter in order. I will answer the question of the
1 gentleman as it arises in its order. I will only
, now say that this Government never received one
cent of this money. It was received by the
■ Creeks.
j The next stage, as I was about saying, in this
; proceeding was, what has been termed by some of
those who have discussed this question, the con-
tract, or agreement, or proposition, or whatever
I else you may call it, made by General Jesup some
I time after these negroes were taken, to give the
I Creek authorities $8,000 for their claim, whatever
it was, upon these negroes. A sufficient present-
| atton of that branch of the case, is this: General
| Jesup, for considerations deemed by him to be
wise—undoubtedly for the purpose of settling all
differences between the Creek nation and the
United States—made a proposition to that nation
to liquidate the claim they made to these negroes,
whethei sound or unsound, good or bad, by allow-
ing them $.8,000.
Mr. WELCH, (in his seat.) With a view to
the negroes remaining free.
Mr. SACKETT. Yes; that is, perhaps, a pre-
sentation of the subject that ought to be made,
although, in my view of the case, I have endeav-
ored to steer entirely clear of all this slavery issue.
The gentleman from Ohio suggests that it was with
a view to the negroes remaining free. But, be that
so or not, the proposition was made, and it was
never acceded to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I must beg leave to
differ from the gentleman from New York, in the
statement which he makes with reference to the
object with which the proposition was made. The
correspondence with the Department shows that
the leading object was to prevent the negroes from
going to the western country, where they would
be a bone of contention.
Mr. SACKETT. It will be borne in mind
these negroes did go West; and all this pretense
about difficulty time has shown unfounded, i do
not mean to say that the proposition of General
Jesup was made with a view to freeing the negroes
from slavery, because f do not think they weie
then in a state of slavery. But the result of the
extinguishment of the claim of the Creek nation
would have been to free the negroes, whatever the
object or intention might have been. It is suffi-
cient to say in regard to this branch of the case,
that the proposition was made by General Jesup,
but never acceded to, and the compact was there-
fore never consummated. General Jesup at one
time, in one of his letters to the Department,
seemed to regard it as a contract that he expected
would be carried out. But whatever his expecta-
tions were, and whatever was the object and inten-
tion of the parties, the agreement never was con-
summated, and, therefore, so far as any legal
bearing upon subsequent proceedings is concerned,
it is as if it had never been made. That is (he
second stage of these proceedings.
We next come to a period when a deputation
from the Creek Indians was here in Washington.
This was in the spring of 1838, and at that same
time it so happened that all these speculators—
General Walson and all concerned coming direct
from the scene of all these transactions, and un-
derstanding them all very well, far better than any-
one here—knowing the character of the connection
of the United States with these negroes—the char-
acter of the connection of the Creek Indians with
them, and knowing also the character of the con-
nection of the Seminoles with these negroes—and
knowing perfectly well that a treaty had been
made about two months before, by which this
Government solemnly recognized the rights of the
Seminoles to these same negroes, the terms of
which I will hereafter state—knowing all these
things, it so happened that all these parties, Indian
agents, speculators, and all, happened to be in
Washington at that time. I do not know that
there was anything wrong about all this, but it did
so happen. It was a meeting of speculators to
make a speculation.
Well, General Watson, it appears, entered into
a negotiation for these negroes, and I shall treat
, it now, for the sake of the argument, as an inde-
j pendent, fair transaction; he, understanding that
| he had a right to enter into a negotiation with the
i Creeks, who were here, for the purchase of their
! claim to these negroes. On the 9th of May, 1838,
' he consummated a contract in which the chiefs of
I that tribe guarantied to him a title to this property.
I Knowing all the antecedents in relation to this
property, and understanding what he did, he pur-
chased their title, and took their guarantee of title
as his sole security. He asked nothing of this
Government.
Thus far I see no sort of connection of this Gov-
ernment with this transaction. Now, I ask the
gentleman from Georgia, who has discussed this
matter with so much ability, to point me to a.letter
or line where the Government recognizes itself as
, a participant, m any form, in that contract.
| Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. I will show it
by a letter of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
to the Secretary of War, fluted July 1, 1840, and
the Secretary's indorsement thereof, and which
are as follows:
War Department, )
Office Indian Ai-fairs, July 1, 1840. \
Sir: Since my report to you, of 8th April last, \va« trans-
mitted to the Hon. Mr. Dawson, a member of the Commit-
to" of the IIoubH of Representatives of Claim?, authentic
information has been leceived of the price paid by General
James C. Watson for the negroes taken by the Creek In-
di.m> in Florida, to the capture and purchase of whom that
report related.
These prisoners were the property of tlieircaptors, by the
agi cement between the Creek warriors and Geneial Jesup.
The difficulty about the po- «o*iou of them, the action of
the Government therein, and the purchase of them by the
present e'airnant have been heretofore examined, and are
fullj understood. The>eriej;roe< cannot, under the eircum-
^tances, be obtained by General Watson, and I have here-
to f'oie recommended that the money be paid the Creeks for
them, and interest on it, should be refunded to him—but the
amount of the consideration was then unknown here.
If now appears from the testimony of Captain William
Aimstrong. taken on the 29th ultimo, that the contiact be-
tween the Creek chiefs and General Wat«on for these slaves
(which, it see.ms, is now mislaid or lost) was witnessed
