1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
by linn in the spring of J838, that it was fair, and, consid-
crinii the rij-k of collision between the Creeks and Semi-
no].-, in tin- West, on the Mibjeet of file negroes, should they
be earner] there, hr think* tlx1 sale of them, before they
readied Arkan.-as, wa* politic—that the consideration of
the said ^ale w:h $M.Gl)U, winch was, by the direction of
the ('reck chiefs, who were empowered to act in the.4jre.111-
i^e* for tiie ("reek warriors that had been in Florida, pa'id
to the deponent in trust for those entitled to it, and that it
w<is actually paid over to them by him in the Indian coun-
try,on the 4th of July, 1838.
The dares of the contract and of the payments to Captain
Armstrong are not «iven, but tl e Ifet of May may be re-
garded a- the tune, vvilhouUhe ris-k of injustice either way.
These negioe-s cannot be obtained by General Watson.
Any attempt at en'oremg a claim to them under the Creek
warriors would, perhaps, have resulted 111 a conflict, and
as lite hazaui of such an N-ue p: evented the use of more
than persuasive means, I think General Watson has a just
claim on the United States for the money he paid, and m-
tei e u.
The amount paid, as already stated, was $14,600
Interest from lbt May, 1838, to 1st July, 1840  l,fi9S
$16,498
For this sum of $18,493, I think an appropriation ought
to be made, and respectfully recommend, if it meets your
appiobation, tfiat a communication be made to the chair
inan of the Committee m'Wajv and Means, asking for it.
Very te-peetfully, yout obedient seivant,
T. HARTLEY CRAWFORD.
Hon. J. R. Poinsltt, Secretary of War.
War Department, July 3, 1840.
Sir • In compliance with the suggestion contained in the
inclosed report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, I
have the honor, respectfully, to recommend that th«appro-
priation of ;s-16,498, yussrested bv that officer for the pay-
ment <>t the claim of General WaHon for negroes captuied
by the Cieek-* in Floi ida, may be asked of Congiess.
Veiy respectfuliv. jour obedient servant,
J. R. POINSETT.
Hon. J. \V. Jones, Chairman Committee JVayi> and Means.
[extract.]
W *r Department, July 11, 1840.
Sir: Mr. Watson's claim arises under a contiact made
by Geneial Jes-up, with the Cieek warriors, which Wri*
sanctioned by the Department. The appropriation asked
for is required to enable the Department to comply with
the contract, and to carry it into effect, and upon its being
iua<le by Congress thi^ claim will al-<o be paid.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
J. R. POINSETT.
Hon. J. W. Jones, Chairman Committee of Ways and
Means, House of Representatives.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have another paper that I
should like to read. It is this:
War Department, March 23, 1841.
Sir : You are aware that there are certain negroes m Ar-
kan^-as who became the property of their Creek captors by
an arrangement between General Th. S. Jesup and the
Creek warriors who went to Florida in 1836 against the
Seminole?. These negroes were purchased by General
James C. Watson, of Georgia, from the Creek chiefs in
Washington city in the spring of 1838; and the price of
them 111 the contract, which you witnessed, and think fair,
was placed in your hands as Acting Superintendent of the
Western Ten itory, and paid over by you to the Creeks on
the 4th of July, 1838.
You will please take the proper measures to have these
negroes delivered to General James C. Watson, above
named, or his lawfully authorized agent, or so many of
them a-s are now Jiving.
Yerv respectfully, vour obedient servant,
J. BELL, Secretary of War.
Major WiLUOt Armstrong, Acting Superintendent
Western Territory, now at }Vashin^ton City, D. C.
Mr. SACKETT. This letter from the Secre-
tary of War, which has just been read, was dated
in 1841 and the other letteis in 1840. Now, this
contract took place in 183^, when Mr. Bell, the
Secretary of AV"ar, in 1841, was not in office,and,
consequently, he had no participation in the mat-
ter whatever. His letter is a mere recital of what
bad taken plnoe before the matter had then been
before Congress, and had become a matter of pub-
lic history. This Secretary of War, as I said,
was not in office when this contract was maue,
and had nothing- whatever to do with it. These
papers just read, however, expressly state the fact,
that the Government up to June, 1840, knew noth-
ing about this contract or the price paid. If I had
any partisan feeling in the matter, I should thank
the gentleman from Georgia for producing this
proof. It is corroborative of what I am saying. 1
should thank the gentleman for producing it, be-
cause he furnishes a paper, he being an advocate
for the claim, reciting the fact, that at the time the
contract was made, the Government did really
know nothi.is: about the transaction.
Cut 1 now assert the fact, and I challenge the
production of documents to contradict it, that there
is not a letter or a line of proof in the ™se t0
show that the Government of the United fetates
participated m any form in the inception, consum-
mation, or execution of this contract of General
Watson with the Creek ladians; but, 011 the con-
trary, there is abundant proof that they knew
nothing about it.
Mr. DANIEL. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a single word? I desire to ask him if he
has examined the letter of Judge Iverson?
Mr. SACKETT. 1 have not.
Mr. DANIEL. If the gentleman will examine,
he will find that it contains full proof of theknowi-
! edge of the Government on the subject.
Mr. SACKETT. I have not examined it, and
I do not regaid it as evidence in the case. It is a
1 letter from an individual, written this winter here
! in Washington, in regard to what he accidentally
| heard said. It is of what he heard said in this
; city fourteen years ago in relation to a matter in
which he had no interest. I would not hold him
responsible at all for what he heard said under
such circumstances fourteen years ago. I have
heard the letter read, and remember enough about
it to know that it is of no sort of consequence. It
is enough to know that he was not an officer of the
Government, and only states his recollection of
the loose, and, as I think, entirely irresponsible
conversation which he heard fourteen years since,
in a matter in which he took not the slightest in-
terest one way or the other. Why, sir, the par-
ties interested have long since called for all the
correspondence and evidence from the Depart-
ments, and for many years have been in posses-
sion of all the evidence that can be regauled as
reliable or safe. These after births in evidence
are only the spasms of a desperate cause.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Georgia. 1 have here a
letter from the Secretary of War, dated July 21,
1838, a few days after the making of the contract,
in which the expenses for making that contract
are recognized:
War Dct a.rtmi;nt, July 21, 1838.
Sir- The Adjutant General ha« laid before me your let-
ter or the 13th ultimo, together with copies ot the corres-
pondence between you aiid Lieutenant Reynold-, respect-
ing the negroc captured bj the Creek vvaruorn, 111 Floiida,
troin the Seminoles. Enclosed I transmit a report liom the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, accompanied by copies of
various papers., from which you will learn the fact* of the
ca^e, and the reasons which have governed the Department
in the course which has b°en taken. You will be pleaded
! to carry out the decision of the Department, that the-e ne-
1 groes shall be delivered to the Creek warriors, provided this
• can be done without violence or the use of force. Should
I you not be able to eifect the object peaceably and quietly, it
| will be better that the negroes remain with the Semiuoles.
' In this event, however, you should take measures? to con-
j vince the Creeks that compensation will be made to them
1 for the loss of the negroes ; and lest they may be exasper-
1 ated at their failure to get what they cl.um, and thus bung
I on the very ^tate of things which the Department has been
trying to avoid, you can assure them that the influence of
the Depaitment will be used to its fullest extent to procure
from Congress the means of indemnifying them. It is much
to be regretted that Lieutenant Reynolds did not comply
with his directions, and deliver the negroes to Mr. Collins
before they reach'-d the Indian eouiiUv. Much difficulty
and dissatisfaction would thereby have been avoided, and
the original object of the Department—that of preventing
collisions between the two tribes—would probably have
been effected. But, as they are there, the be.-t that can be
done 1* believed to be the" delivery of the negroes to the
i a^ent of the Creeks, to bo brought out of the Indian coun-
i try; but thi  dehveiy not to be made if force has to be used,
i The whole affair is a delicate and difficult one, and your
! judgment and discretion aie relied 011 to bnnz it to a close
! m a matter sau Iactory to all eoneerned.^
t Brevet Brigadier-General M. Arbitklk,
I Fort Gibson t Arkansas. ,
j Mr. SACKETT. It will be seen that this let-I
I ter, like the rest, does not sustain the gentleman, ,
although it was written several months after the
contract was made. This letter, too, repudiates
the contract, and treats the whole transaction as
with the Creeks. After this labored effort of the j
advocates of this claim to produce evidence to show j
that the Government participated in the making 1
or the execution of this contract, I think I may
safely say that none can he produced. But I will ;
not stop here; I will not leave the case to negative
, proofs I will show that there is affirmative evi-
| dence entirely satisfactory, to prove that the Grov-
j eminent so far from participating in the making; of
j this contract did not as much as know of its ex-
! istence for some months afterwards. Every sm-
i de letter written by Mr. Harris, who was then
' Superintendent of Indian Affairs, to the omceis ot
■ the Army in command, that alludes to these ne-
• ernes, speaks of them in connection with the rights
of the Creeks. Cut in not one of them is there
one line or one word tending to recognize the parti-
cipation of this Government m this contract, or
even the existence of any such agreement, or that
Watson had any interest whatever.
Here is one of his letters, and there are more
than twenty of the same character:
War Departmei\t, )
Otfice Indian Affairs, M<n/ 9, 1838. j
Sir : The decision made a few day,' since, that the ne-
groes captured by the Creek warriors in Florida should, in
compliance with the engagement of General Jesup, he de-
livered to tile delegation now here, has been communicated
to them, Willi tile intimation that when they had determined
what disposition would he made of them, and communica-
ted information ot the same to tins Uepartnient, the neces-
sary orders wonid be is-ued In a communication just re-
ceived from tile delegation, the) slate tltev iiave appointed
Nathaniel F. Collins, oi Alabama, then attorney in lact, to
receive the negiocs. I have liie honor to request that an
order may be issued to the commanding officer at Foi 1 i'lke,
to Majot Isaac Clark, at New Oriean-, to the commanding
officer in Florida, and to any other officers wiio inav have
charge of tiicin, to deliver to Mr. Collins ali the negioes in
question. He will, of" course, hold fliein stibteet to the
lawful claims of ali white persons. Abraham and Ins
family sliouid he excepted, ill conscqu'-m-e of a pioimse
made by General Je-up The oltieers -iiould be instim ted
to exercise due camion, so as tod liver only those captured
by tile Clerks. It is propel to rem.uk, that it appear-from
a letter received from Lieutenant Sloan, that tittle Indians
lefu -eri the ,*£8,000 offered liiein, undei tile direction of Gen-
eral Jesiip, toi their lntcre-t in these negroes.
Veiy lerpeetiuiy, your nio-t obedient >eivant,
V. A HARRIS, Cjmmissioner.
Captain S. Cooper, Jlctinv; Secretly of War.
This letter recites the order under which the
Creek agent, Collins, was acting, is there any-
thing said here about General Watson? Not one
word. This letter and this power of attorney
speak for themselves. Collins, even according to
his own showing, was the agent of the Creeks,
and not of Geneial Watson. And is the Gotein-
ment. to he held for some clandestine prhate ar-
rangement, that was notto see the li^ht?
Mr. WHITE, of Alabama. I ask the gentle-
man from New York if this Government ratified
this contract, if it is not binding upon it according
to well-established principles, even if it was not
cognizant at the time of the facts contained in it?
Mr. SACltETT. That is a proper subject for
consideration, and I will come to it in due time.
Three or four months after the making of that
contract, on the ]8th of August, 1838, General
Arbuckle, who then had these negroes with his
command in Arkansas, recites the fact, that he
had recently received two communications, one
from the Secretary of War, and the other from
the Superintendent of Indian Affairs at Washing-
ton, dated July 19th and the 21st of the same
month, in which letters he expressly states, upon
the authority of the Secretary of War and the
Superintendent of Indian Allah's, that it was un-
known at Washington, that this money was paid
for these negroes, even as late as the latter part of
July, 1838. After all this, it is still claimed by
those who advocate this claim, that the Govern-
ment made and got up this contract. Was so ab-
surd a claim ever before presented to this House?
Mr. DANIEL. If the Government had had no
knowledge of the fact, it would not have recom-
mended the payment of the money to General
Watson with interest.
Mr. SACKETT. That was three or four
years afterwards, after the claim had been got vj>.
I am endeavoring to present the transaction as it
took place. Here we have affirmative evidence
that it is not substantially contradicted on the part
of the claimants, that the Government knew no-
thing about the payment of this money; and we
have also the positive evidence, as late as July, of
thehead of the War Department, and the head of
the Indian Bureau, that they knew nothing of it.
Now, where is the responsible connection of this
Government with this transaction? Where can
any man put his finger on a just ground of lia-
bility ? „ ,,T
Mr. DANIEL. What Secretary of War was
it who wrote this letter? These offices are con-
tinually' shifting from hand to hand, and it may
have been some subsequent Secretary or Superin-
tendent who wrote the letters.
Mr SACKETT. 1 have the letter, and will
read it. It is dated the 22d of August, and is di-
rected to Captain Armstrong, the acting superin-
tendent of the Indian affairs in that region of
country:
HEADqARTERS.2D IlFPAKTMFN'T, \V. DIVISION', ?
Fort Gibson, 2/, 18J?s >
Sir : I icecived by the l,w mail, from the honorable the
Seeietary of War. a communication under date ol IJie 21>t
ultimo, on the subject of nesioes captured hy the Greet
warriors, together ith a letter fion, the Commissioner of
I Indian A.ffatrs to the Secretary of W ar, undti dale ol the
| 19th ultimo, relating to this subject; copies of which are
