1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which, I think, gentlemen who have examined it,
will not dispute for one moment, and if they are
not disputed, they seem to me to lead an unpreju-
diced and unbiased mind to the conclusionat which
i have arrived as clearly and irresistibly,as a man
will be ready to believe that it is light at mid-day
when the sun is uninterruptedly shining1.
Now, sir, what are those facts? General Jesup
made a contract with certain Creek warriors by
which he agreed to give them the plunder that they
should capture fiom the Seminoles. If it was ne-
cessary, I think I should have no difficulty what-
ever in satisfying the committee that negroes were
held as property at the place where the contract
was made and where it was to be executed. But
it is not necessary to determine that question, be-
cause there is a leading principle which governs
all contracts in ali the courts m every portion of
the civilized world, with which I have any ac-
quaintance, and that is this, that the interpretation
that the parties themselves place upon the contract
is the interpretation to be given to it by the courts
in carrying it out.
Now, the evidence in this case, is superabun-
dant to show that the Creek warriors, that General
Jesup, that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
that the Secretary of War, and every man that
had anything to do with this question from the
commencement to the end—that all these parties
have regarded theslaves of the Seminoles as coming
within the purview of the contract.
Well, sir, after that contract had been made, a
certain number of slaves were captured by the
Creeks. General Jesup, in a letter written in
1845, says, that most of those captured by the
Creek warriors were females and children, and
that most of the men were captured by the regu-
lar soldiers. He went into an investigation of
that subject himself, and came to the conclusion
that the proportion due to the Creek warriors
under that agreement was $8,000, and offered to
give them that amount, but they declined to re-
ceive it. I am not going into the evidence, but
am stating facts deducible from that evidence.
Well, not long after this a new negotianon was
entered into here in Washington, by which Wat-
son bought out the interest of the Creek warriois,
be it great or small in those slaves. And here
I would remark, that whether that interest was
great or small—whether it covered one negio or
two hundred—whatever it might be, is a matter
entirely unimportant, except in a contingency
which I shall hereafter allude to. He bought the
interest of the Creek warriors in that propeity,
whatever it might turn out to be—m seventy in-
dividuals understood to be slaves, and admitted to
be within the contract made by General Jesup,
that number of individuals being, at the same mo-
ment, in the custody, and under the power and
control of the officers of the United States.
Now, sir, this agreement was made known to
the Government of the United States. They issued
an order for the delivery of this -property to Col-
lins. For reasons best known to themselves, how-
ever, Collins was represented as the agent of the
Creek Indians. But that makes no difference. He
went after the property. The army officers of the
United States refused to deliver it. Any man who
examines the evidence, will find this remarkable
fact, that in consequence of the peculiarity of that
contract, there was a curious manoeuvring running
through the whole army of the United States, with
a view to send these slaves with the Seminoles to
the West. At the same time, each officer intended
to act, and did so act, in point of fact, that you
cannot fix the responsibility upon any living man
of them. The lesult was, that Mr. Collins began
at the point where Genera! Jesup represents these
slaves to have been in custody, and following them
to the outer border of Arkansas, was unable to get
control of one single person. In 1845, General
Jesup explains this fact. lie says, in this lan-
guage substantially, I protested against the execu-
tion of that order, and I believe I was very instru-
mental in pi eventing its execution, by the delivery
of those negroes.
Here iet me call the attention of the committee
to an important fact. This took place at a season
of great difficulty—the removal of the Seminole In-
dians out of Florida to the West. That was the
great point to be arrived at. These army officers
saw that the Seminoles would never leave that
country unless they could take their slaves with
them, and for the reason, among others, that some
799
of them had intermarried with the negroes. After! fore the committee is reduced to the smallest
l uL Jl16, ,"uh General Jesup, ! amount that can be claimed. No doubt, upon the
which has been alluded to^ they came to a stand,
and said they would never move an inch in execu-
tion of the contract they had made, unless their
negroes were permitted to go with them.
Now, 1 disagree with the construction referred
to by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Daniel.] 1 think that the treaty which was en-
tered into by General Jesup with the Seminole In-
dians, covered all their properly—that which had
been captured from them, as well as that which
they retained. Now, I think that one of the
veiy stiongest points in the case. The Govern-
ment of the United States knew that this contract
had been made by General Jesup; they knew that
Watson had purchased the right to these negroes,
and yet, with that full knowledge, for prudential
reasons, they saw fit, through their own agents,
the officers of the army of the United States, whose
action bound the Government, tojsend this pro-
perty out of the reach of the man who had pur-
chased it.
Now, let me ask this committee a question.
Suppose there had been no such knowledge on the
part of the officers of the United States; suppose
it rested solely upon the contract existing between
General Jesup and the Creek warriors, which was
made by Geneial Jesup with a view to give them
a right to some portion of those slaves; and sup-
pose the Government of the United States, inter-
posing with its strong arm for the purpose of
removing the Seminole Indians, had sent their
slaves along with them, is there any doubt of the
liability of the Government to the Creek Indians
under that agreement? I take it, there can be
none. Is there any doubt that Watson had pur-
chased that property, or the right they had to it,
from the Creek Indians? Well, if he had, then
it is immaterial whether the Government knew of
the purchase or not, if they interposed with the
strong arm of their power, and prevented the de-
livery of that property. Would it not give a right
of action, between individuals, against the indi-
vidual thus interposing to put theproperty beyond
his reach ? Why, there is no doubt of that. But
the conclusion is made more irresistible fiom the
fact that the Government did know this. They
knew of the existence of this agreement, and aided
in getting it up. Now, how do we stand ? Why,
there is but one way in the work! in which this
claim can be defeated, even upon technical grounds,
and that is this: If a gentleman buys property of
me, and a third gentleman interposes and puts that
property beyond his reach, and an action is brought
against that third gentleman, and he seeks to evade
a recovery, how can he do it? Why, by proving
to thejuiy beyond all cavil that I hddno tide, and
therefore did not sell any. Now, if the Govern-
ment of the United Suites, in this case, could
escape this thing in any way under the sun, it is
that. They must show conclusively that not one
single one of these individuals was so far a slave
of the Seminoles as to convey any title whatever
to the Creeks; and hence none could be conveyed
to Watson. Now, we turn round here—being our
own arbiters in our own case—and say to this
claimant, You are bound to show that one of these
individuals was a slave. We shirk the responsi-
bility that the law imposes on every man in dealing
between individuals. The onus proba-iidi is upon us;
and unless we can show that there was not a par-
ticleof properly taken by the Cieek warriois under
the ;rrangement by General Jesup, and that there
was none therefore transferred to Watson, we can-
not even technically evade this claim. But then,
when we rise above this technical consideration,
and meet this question upon the principles of fair-
ness; when we concede that, by our own offers,
we induced this man to purchase this property;
that by our Commissioner of Indian Affans we
fixed the amount of that purchase, that we asked
him to do it because wedid not wish these negroes
to be sent to the West—because that was the
ground upon which the Government interposed;
they did not want these negroes sent West, to be
a constant source of quarrel and difficulty between
the Creeks and Seminoles, who were then to be-
come neighbors—why, there is not a single ques-
tion left that this Government is not as clearly
liable to pay this money, and the interest upon it
from the time it was advanced, as it is that a man
is liable to pay his own note when in his own ad-
mitted handwriting. The liability in the bill be- j
law of the case, we would be liable to pay in full
for the seventy negroes; but the bill avoids all that,
j and simply proposes to refund to this man the
; money he advanced, with six per cent, interest
, upon it from the time he paid it.
1 A Voice. Are there no expenses charged?
j Mr. STUART. No, sir; there is not a word
' of expense in the bill. One gentleman before, to-
[ day, told us there were expenses charged. But
( I have examined it, and find that they are con-
I tained in the report, but not in the bill. The bill
does not propose to pay one single dollar, except
to refund the money that we, ourselves, induced
> this man to pay, and six per cent, upon it since
the time he paid it. Now, I ask, is there a man
I here, who,in just such a casein an individual trans-
i action, would hesitatefora moment to pay it?
! Mr. SKELTON. I would like to ask thegen-
j tleman a question, since he undertakes to make
, the case a very clear one. 1 would like to inquire
| if it is lawful in this or any other country to sell
| prisoners of war into slavery? Upon this ques-
< tion rests the merits of the case. If it cannot be
, maintained that it is lawful to sell prisoners of war,
! I do not see upon what this claim rests.
Mr. STUART, If I had time, 1 think I could
I show most clearly what effect that question has
! upon the case under consideration. I think if this
Go vernment goes into a slave State, and offers to
a regiment of Indians all the slaves they shall
captuiefrom the enemy in that State where sla-
very is recognized as an existing institution, I
j could show most clearly that it was bound to carry
| out that contract, just as certainly as if I were to
i go into a slave State and offer a man $201),000 for
. Ins plantation, and his personal property, which
would comprehend all the slaves.
Mr. SKELETON". If the gentleman will allow
' me, it does not appear from positive evidence that
| these men were absolutely slaves previous to their
jcapture.
i Mr. STUART. If thegentleman will examine
j the testimony in this case, he will find that it is
, equally clear upon this point. It is proved both
j by the existing laws of the country, and the facts
j existing in the case. It is very clear that these
l negroes were, by the Seminoles, claimed as slaves,
j Now, it lies upon us, as I said some time ago, if
' we wish to escape the liability, to show that they
' were not slaves. If precisely the same facts ex-
isted between two honorable gentlemen upon this
| floor that exist in this case, as I said, not one of
| us would hesitate when the question of refund-
' mg the money came up.
Now, sir, in conclusion, I will say that there
! has been a vast deal said, within these walls
and elspwheie, of the condition of this country,
, growing out of this very question of slavery.
1 That question has been amplified to any extent
necessary to suit the particular views of any per-
son who might at the time be speaking upon the
subject. iMr. Chairman, 1 have ever believed what
I now say, that no course of policy can be pursued
i by the representatives of the people upon this floor,
better calculated to quiet irritation upon this sub-
, ject, to allay all fear, all animosity, to prevent all
, future peril to the union of these States, than to
1 treat eveiy question growing out of it piecisely as
• if it grew out of any other subject; to regard the
, question as our fathers who framed the Constitu-
! tion regarded it—as an existing fact for which
they were not responsible, and to leave it just as
they found it. And although we may fall short
of the patriotism which pervaded the bosoms of
1 that body of great men, let us attempt, feebly as
, it may be, to imitate that illustrious example.
With these views, I have endeavored to shape my
, course upon this claim, precisely as if the great
question of slavery were not reached by it. Sir,
I conjure gentlemen, from my heart—I conjure
' gentlemen from the North and the South to ex-
1 amine this case, to talk of it, and to vote on it
as if it were a claim growing out of any species
of property, recognized as property anywhere
in this Union. Let them do that, and they will
find the facts as I have stated them, and they will
come to the same conclusion which I ha\e stated,
and which I now recapitulate. They will find
that those Creek Indians gained a certain right,
, under their contract with General Jesup; thai right
1 they sold to Mr. Watson, and Mr. Watson has
; been prevented from its enjoyment by the direct
