THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED AT WASHINGTON, BY JOHN C. RIVES.—TERMS
FOR THIS SESSION.
32d CoNGREbS, 1ST SESSION".
TUESDAY, MARCH 23, 1852.
New Series No. 51.
agreement be so extended, that some other mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means might
meet the arguments of the gentleman from Arkan-
sas fMr. JoKKsoar] in regard to the amendment
which he may offer; for in my closing remarks
X shall not have time to do so.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that.
My fear was that some one would object to such
a proposition, if made. If it be not objected to, I
will say three hours; but if objected to, I will
adhere to the proposition for an extension of two
hours.
A Voice- Two is enough.
There being no objection, the proposition of
Mr. Johnson, extending the debate two hours,
was agieed to.
Mr. KING, of New York. I move that the
i'ule<? of the House be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SEYMOUR, of New York. I ask my
colleague to withdraw his motion, until some
communications upon the Speaker's table be taken
up and referred. There are some of much im-
portance, which should be referred, that the com-
mittees may take action upon them. 1 will further
say that there is the Patent Office Report, which
should, be referred, that the proper committee may
act upon it in reference to the question of print-
ing it.
The SPEAKER. It can be done by unanimous
consent, provided it be referred without debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Illinois. I object to it.
Mr. EiASCALL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a petition from inhabitants of Wyoming
county, New York, praying that the bounty land
bill passed in 1850, be so amended as that all the
heirs ofa deceased beneficiary, under that act, be
entitled to hold the land of their deceased ancestor,
instead of the minor heirs only; which wasrefeired
to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. King, of New York, to go into committee,
and it was agreed to.
The H'ouse accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Vesable in the chair.)
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
es the House bill No. 207, making appropriation
to supply deficiencies in former appropriations for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1852, and upon
that bill the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr. Joiin-
sov] has the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire, sir, to explain to
this House in a plain manner—and I do not know
that I could do so in any other manner if I desired
it—some of the features of the deficiency bill now
before this committee for consideration. I shall
only touch that portion of the bill which relates to
the Indian service. The Bureau of Indian AlFaiis,
finding that a large portion of their estimates had
been rejected by the Committee of Ways and
Means, called the attention of the Committee on (
Indians Affairs to the fact, and requested that they i
would look into it and see if they approved of the '
estimates of that bureau; and it so, to offer the
rejected items to the House as amendments to the
bill. That committee have, several times, had the
various items, which have been rejected, under
consideration.
On a considerable number of those items re-
jected items—they ordered me, as chairman of the
committee, to submit amendments to this House,^
so that they might be considered and adopted, it
the House should approve of them. Upon an ex-
amination of the estimates of the Indian Depart-
ment, sir, I find—I think it is some thirty-two
items—the estimates furnished for this deficiency
bill by that bureau; and, if I am correct in it,
some thirteen items were rejected out of the num-
ber, and I think there were some three or four items
moie reduced from the amounts that were estima-
ted, and submitted as necessary to the service,
have not made a very precise examination, but
there are certainly two thirds of the estimates of
51
the bureau which have been stricken out altogeth-
er, and more than two thirds of the amount have
been either stricken out or reduced by the Com- ,
mittee of Ways and Means. Well, the bureau '
has got into a very strange condition—they have j
come to a very strange pass, when they offer an
estimate under their own responsibility, and for ,
which they are responsible to a higher depart- j
ment, as well as to the people of the United States,
of more than tripple the sum that is necessary for
the service of the Government. If it be true, sir, :
that those estimates which have been made were j
necessary to the performance of the service of the
country, or to comply with the just obligations of |
the United States, 1 imagine that this House would
unanimously say that those estimates ought to be ;
adopted. j
The grounds upon which those estimates have :
been adopted, sir, and the facts and laws relating j
to them, I will attempt,m as condensed a method, ,
and in as brief time, as possible, to explain to the j
House, and I do not think it probable that I shall
consume the hour to which I am entitled in ma-
king this explanation. If, sir, it is found, how-
ever, that those estimates which have been made
are not necessary to the service of the country,
nor are necessary to the proper discharge of the
obligations of this Government, then, sir, there is :
* a degree of censure which must be thrown upon
those who have furnished them to this House, 1
which I am, sir, at a loss to characterize.
There is a species of generalobjection which ex-
ists, T believe, upon the part of the Committee of 1
Ways and Means to a number of the items in this .
bill, so far as it relates to Indian affairs. Sir, in j
speaking of the deficiency bill, I hope I may be j
clearly understood as speaking of that part of it j
exclusively relating to Indian affairs. There is a !
species of general objection which is, that among j
the items objected to here, there are none to be j
found as coming propeily within the character of |
i a deficiency. I am not good at definition, but I ,
' think the substance of the definition of a deficiency, !
as applicable to this bill, would be a case where !
there has been an amount already appropriated for j
a given object, and there has resulted upon an ef- j
fort to execute that object, a necessity for further (
appropriation. A deficiency bill, from its title, is ;
a supplemental bill altogether, and is instituted to i
supply wants, resulting from precedentinadequate i
provision. But if this deficiency bill is to be con- |
lined exclusively to this class of cases, and norxf;
other, then, upon examination into this bill, it will ;
be found that they (the committee) have not in- j
serted five items which are a legitimate portion of ,
such a bill
mates here are not allowed in this bill, they can-
not, and will not, come in for appropriation this
year, in the regular bill, as the committee allege
would be proper, if proper at all, because the
regular bill is already reported to the House;
and no Committee of Ways and Means has ever
become famous for o/fering amendments to their
own bills after reporting them, and particularly no
committee which is disposed to no particular ex-
travagance, and disposed to force the public ex-
penditure into as narrow a compass as it is pos-
sible to do. So these items recommended for
this bill, though they be just and right, cannot
come in at all; they will be lost; and though they
be obligations of the Government, obligations
liquidated and acknowledged, still they must go
by for another year. If they be essential to the
public service, and if we are compelled to submit
to this view, they must be passed by altogether,
unless the Committee of Ways and Means can
be induced to adopt them as amendments, and
throw them into the bill, which has been reported
to the House and refened, although not yet con-
sidered. With these preliminary remarks, I will
proceed to consider the rejected estimates in de-
tail.
The first item which is rejected, by reference to
the estimates, will be found to be the second sec-
tion. It is:
11 For payment to the Seneca Indians of New York, for
inon^s wronsjfuJly wiihlioklen fiom tliem by on agent ap-
pointed by tlie Government for the management of their
afijins, as per repoit of Thomas B. Stoddard, Esq., com-
nnvjionei, ^elected by the Secretary of War to make the
requisite investigation, pursuant to the direction contained
in the 4th section of the act of 27th Jane, 1846, making ap-
pjopnafions for the Indian Department."
That, sir, is an item of $28,505. I will state to
the House in general terms the history of this
matter. From time—I was about to say immemo-
rial—from a very distant period back, we had
agents among this tribe; and it has been always
the case, that those agents had been in the habit of
receiving the money of those Indians, and doing;
so whether due to them by this Government or the
State of New York, or by banks, or by individ-
uals. They have been in the habit of receiving such
moneys, and of paying out, applying, or investing
them, in any manner which the commissioner, or
the tribe, or owner should direct. This method of
conducting their aff-ms had continued for many
years, and is explained in the copy of a letter
which I have here; until an agent of the name of
Stryker was appointed, and that agent, during a
petiod of some three years, robbed them of money
amounting to £28,000, and some odd hundreds.
This occurred m 1837,1838, and 1830. Now, the
Then sir there originates, from the nature of ,j question is, what position does the United States
-* -*• •' ' • 1 r.;v,i occupy in reference to this loss? Those who op-
pose the paying of this amount to those Indians,
oppose an obligation absolutely admitted by the
Government of the United States. Those who op-
our legislation, and the condition of business ill j occupy in reference to this loss? Those wfio op
this House, an absolute necessity that this House
' should act upon the estimates offered, and should
i couple with the deficiency bill many items, whetli- ;
: er they come strictly witlun the class of deficiency I
' or not. 1 say that there exists an absolute neces-
| sity that these estimates should be actedupon in j
1 this bill, if they are to be acted upon at all, and I
will expiam to you the leason why. It is this, ..
. sir: This deficiency bill is here presented—it is be-
t fore the House, based upon the estimates already ■
! made to be provided for as deficiency, and whilst
j they are rejected, the deficiency bill is permitted to
lie by for months, and is not acted upon at all,
11p it/ tor moiuns* aim i  "U*' a*~vcvA u wu i  , , n t .. i i
until the estimates for the regular expenditures in money,
the Indian service have been furnished to this
House, and the bill for regular service is actually ;
upon the table and reported for the use of the
House. .
Mr. HOUSTON. I am sure my friend -wants
to do justice to those who acted upon that bill
Mr. JOHNSON. Most certainly 1 do.
Mr' HOUSTON The deficiency was" not re- :j to be this; and I shall not spend much time in this
>rted The''deficiency had not reached the Ways ; case, nor dwell upon it any longer than is rreees-
- * > t j. .. gal.y t0 take up those points where the difficulties
exist, and leave the rest to any one who may
and "Means Committee when the regular Indian
appropriation bill was reported to the House. VV e
did not know of it at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. Without looking at that, ana
admitting the correctness of what the gentleman
says, which I do, I say before-hand, if these esti-
,/
pose it say that the United States have paid these
Indians all they owe them, and paid them through
their agent—that this $2d,000 was money due
these Indians ft om private individuals, and paid
into the hands of their agents, and that the United
States had nothing to do with the transaction.
That is the statement, sir.
Now, sir, if the United States acted as the trus-
tee of these Indians, and received that money, and
then, as trustee, failed to account to them for the
equity and justice, but by their own precedents in
numberless' cases, to pay to these Indians any
losses they may have sustained by confiding to
this Government, through her agent, iheir means in
the manner which has been specified, and which
will be clearly pioved by the papers, if anybody will
examine them. The only question seems to me
sneak after me, ill the event they may wish to say
something about it. Well, sir, besides it appeal-
ing that it was the habit of that tribe of Indians
to°confide and pay over all their money into the
