604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Indian would not part with his possessions for
considerations utterly inadequate—considerations
which we would never think of accepting from or
of offering to our own citizens—it has been our
custom to trespass upon them, until they were
driven to wage war to the knife. "We have, then,
butchered them, and taken their lands from tnem
atf indemnity for the expense and trouble of the
operation, and if any remained that escaped the
knife, they have been driven to a.strange location,
to seek a livelihood on grounds to them unknown
and unexplored, or to meet death at the hands of
some moi e powerful tribe. This has been a por-
tion, too truly, of the history of the Indian on the
whole of this continent, and even from its first
settlement. Yet, among ourselves, we are ever
speaking of philanthropy towards these people, who
are unable to defend themselves; and the moment
there comes up a bill calling upon the Government
to do them on act, not of mercy, but of justice,
the forms of legislation are allowed to mterfete,
and gentlemen are found to gef up and quibble and
cavil, and every technicality that can be raiseu, and
every obstacle that can be thrown in the way, is
availed of, and the fairness, and ecuty, and jus-
tice, and humanity of the country is bctrayedand
abandoned.
But to return: there was a solemn pledge given
by this Government, that we would pay the4 'losses
and injuries" sustained by this tribe, when they
stood by our side and fought against their own
people and the British. But the payment of this
money is now opposed by some, on the ground
that it is so long since 1816—the time when this
claim originated—that it would seem as if there
was something wrong about it. Ttten why uo
they not investigate ? They are incited to do so.
No, they would prefer to rest on limitation, that
dishonest bar for a government, and continue the
crying shame. "Why, sir, this claim was pressed
in 1815,-'16,-17,-'18,-"19, and -'24, until the
Committee of Ways and Means of that day f 1821)
made a report utterly adverse, and from that lime
forward, the Indians, yielding in despair to their
helpless but usual destiny, lor many years we hear
nothing of this claim.
For a few yeais past, they have renewed the
matter, however, hoping that their appeal to an-
other generation may be more successful; and, on
full and minute investigation by the ]>ureau of In-
dian Affairs of all the records in tins case, they
have fettled the matter that the claim is pist—that
the Committee of Ways and Means of that distant
day were in error. The Department has, thete-
fove, estimated for the amount due at that day, but
they make no estimate for interest. 1 do not ap-
prove the propriety of a government paying inter-
est, und I have never understood that these unfor-
tunate people demand it. J3vt it N i l<i"n that the
principal* if due m . V.uhi be paid
without hesita'.on in 1SV2. I/as the committee a
heart that could deny it5 Those propositions to
which I have referred, resumed in tV ;r':aty con-
cluded by General jackson on the 9th of August,
18j4, by which the Indian title was *-x\inermsb'n]
to between fourteen millions and fifteen millions of
^acres of land. The Indians agreed to srrn the
treaty on the condition that tj*e promise made to
them shoubl op sent on with the fre^t
thai vovlJ rehj on the Government (J
Sttrtes to sec (!: :l jvaicc icas done il'tui.
a !->y r^frrcicp lit ;;ip
bv til'.' ticaiy of' 3 .v I t. t>'
intend'.'} to eo.mjtMi-tt'^
the VvP) wiill fii^ Lo-im; LV"<•*!< t::ar it v.,
m anuV.',} —mo-" ).' r'ic <-h< iv-tt ■ "
hfion. ap!0'"jc for Pidc-.unifY, : n or).
cosniiru-t.
Nov.*, some may do
hitnnn v. i
oc~ -n n to i oo
•J!'.' fiovrnmeni
r—saving,
Vie LiuUd
t>n 'pen that,
i S'nrc> wns
p\noiws of
: v..tnoiiy
P,>
: H-iK-
ph-d of
*vr«ey
' -;n
• ■ijt, • tV't
Genera!
ment. The following extr:i"t wilt i^i>_<
upon that pomt:
"Oil rho s>nth I£n. \Vnr T)
formed Coi'.,n-i IVrsrmmi Il.iwkuis. <r "
it is the m mi or t;:.i t mi y-..>
t.i* liquiciatiOTi o- the ci.> m oi ihu fiieudiv Iiic:
r.'Uv, upon the < / f.'eiM-rv! 1'inerr
•lettprtothpm.' The u-mi t, bo tMrw«-i"
p-u'mrnit, to bf; laid hofon' hie Pre^u^ttt.oi
ci«ion and approbation."
That is a clear recognition on £hen<>
Debarment, then having control of i
of this obligation.
" On the 1st April, 1816. Colonel Hawkins hi* re-
port ou the claims of the friendly Indians for lows sus-
tained by tliem m their civil war, agreeably to the term- of
"A'i V
U'i
<>>
f o f ■ 11 e Wn r
liiien Hir3us.
f peace offered by Major General Pinckney, 23d Apiil, 1814,
{and the preliminaries. to the treaty of Fort Jackson, of Au-
i gust following.' ' He states that it is lmpeifi^t, from the.
t peculiar situation oi'n,fTrtir& tbei c, and cannot be othci vvi-e
' tiii all the hunters are in, which is not expected till tae
' la&t of next monlh.5
(i Accojding to the data before him, the aggregate of the
claims which had been presented amounted to.^l!.*8.-11512^,
and the amount of the same repoited on t'avoinbiy, to
§78,360 75; and he states that, from the best information
he has obtained, the whole amount of just claims will not
exceed ,^100,000.''
In every instance when the Government acted
upon this matter, it recognized the validity of the
promises of indemnity, to the friendly Creeks for
4* losses and injuires," without quibble or equivo-
cation.
This being so, the language ofGeneral Pinckney
is important. What was it? I will not repeat it,
as it is already stated verbatim. But 1 will ask, is
it a promise oi' partial indemnity, a promise that
a pari shall be paid, and part left unpaid? No,
uo. In war ourselves, needing their service, their
valor, and assistance, it was an explicit promise
from an authorized quarter, of full pay for all losses
and injuries sustained, as well as full respect for
their landed possessions, after peace was made.
This last promise was shamefully violated, and the
first, now, after thirty-eight years, is still unful-
filled.
But was there coupled with the promise of
Pinckney any provision as to how the losses should
be ascertained ? JNTo. Then, how were they as-
certained? In the first place, under instruction
of the Government to the agent, our own officer,
Benjamin Hawkins, who died before he completed
the investigation; but who reported before hedied
, $7t3,o60 75 of good claims for losses, &c., and his
i distinct acknowledgment, that the investigation
; was not concluded, and how many more remained
he did not know, but he guessed £100,000 would
! cover the whole amount.
Wliat was this guess worth ? We will see; but
if I may speak m anticipation of the argument, I
must say it has proved, if we may judge from the
manner in which the case has been treated, as of so
much value, that the truth, fidelity, and honor of the
Government, have been periled upon it for thirty-
eight years, and for thirty-eight years they have
been sacrificed. What was this guess of agent
Hawkins worth ? it was held at that day, worth
nothing. Of the $ 100,000 it expressed, only §85,000
was appropiiated, and that not in full, and, the
Govermnentappomted a successor who proceeded,
not upon the guess, but according to instructions,
and liquidated clearly, the amounts of loss, admit-
ting the valid, and rejecting the spurious accounts.
The process of examination was by the Chiefs
and oar own agent, and was satisfactory. Impu-
tation has never been thrown upon this settlement.
! We hear of no complaint at that day, exccpt that
1 it was more than the first agent guessed. It was
consummated m accordance \v nh the solemn prmn-
■ j^c of the Government, and in obedience to her in-
sirncnons, and under her own eye and guidance.
And shall we take the guess of our agent, because
it is in our favor, against the sworn, full investiga-
tion of the se.me snOiect-mptter, under the same
instru-jtions, of anotner agent, his successor1 It
would exhibit us, anxious indeed, to escape and
repudiate om* solemn obligations to a helpless and
dependent people.
Bui it was the report of the Committee of Ways
and .Means of 18*24 that finally drove these Indians
to de-spiur. It was enough to have driven them
to msjnity, if preposteious injustice could have
effected sucha resHt. It was certainly enough to
satisfy them of the hopelessness of the white
n:a:; s honor, to his dependent Indian neighbor,
upon any question of interest. That committee, '
not fi'tixfijd with preposterously adopting the '
doubts thrown upon ihe returns of agent'lvlitchell,
after iWi hne^tigation, m consequence of the
•-)iOd,\K!0 ^uess or his predecessor, <coes back to a
oV.temenc of that same predecessor, made m 1814,
•'t the ''on-dusion of pea^e, two years anterior, in
vhr i JJawku'S state?, that "he believed at the thae
i of t'ff c'/Vt'W/ig of the tines of the luni's fnr the tieaty,
would have been received as an equiv-
alent, and concludes, that after such o belief ex- :
' pressed as that, no more than the sSo.OOU should
The ?:,'30.000 expression had reference, It is rea- >
sonabie, at least, to suspect, in a leiter so confused- .
ly written, to the equivalent tor the lands of which
these friendly Indiana were despoiled. But even '
supposing it referred to indemnity for personal
losses, still, the same agent, after partial investiga-
tion, admits, two years afterwards, over $78,000—
estimates there must be $100,000 of good claims to
indemnity—and acknowledges the investigation
altogether incomplete; and also, that the Upper
Towns, which have much the larger claims, have
refused to hold intercourse with him on the sub-
ject, in consequence of their resistance to the in-
justice of the treaty, which despoils them of their
lands without equivalent or compensation.
Sir, I will argue it no further. Let us do thi 
act of justice, long, too long, and too shamefully
delayed. The account I herewith state:
1. Amounts liquidated for Upper Town*, at
Fort I-Iiiv/kms, m July, 18i7. {£77,572 00
Deduct tins; amount, paid at the
t-airiu tune    31,039 00
Amounts iirpiidated for Low or
Tovrns, at Foit Hawkins;, in
July, IS J 7  29,775 00
Deduct tills -tmount, nu:d at
samo time *  11,910 00
$46,543 CO
',j. JMir-ceJlaneoiH claim?, liqui-
dated at Fort Hawkins, m
Jrly, 18i 7  27,157 00
Deduct this sum, paid to these
cianns    10.862 00
. Amount imuidated at the agen-
cy ml ?1S    49.524 00
Deduct this amount, paid to
the*e claims  19,809 60
17 865 00
16,293 00
29,714 40
Whole balance due    110,417 90
It is proved they lost to that amount. It con-
tains no estimate of the hardships endured, the
blood that was spilt, and the lives lost by them,
in a war wh°re their brother Indians pursued them
with more bitter violence than the whites, to the
destruction of their towns, their women, and chil-
dren, and m a war in our own behalf. Neither
does it contain any estimate for a half century of
interest. We aie able to pay, and should scom
to ask, after thii tv-eight years, whether it is proper
to do it in a deficiency bill, or in some other (u>
critics oil petty etiquette) more formal legislative
method.
Mr. BROOKS obtained the floor, butyielded to
Mr. JOHNSON, who said: I would state to
the House, if they desire to be further informed
with regard to this subject, that by reference to
the last part of this volume, (the report of the
Commissioner of Indian Aifairs,) and the last com-
munication but one of tlie Indian Bureau, they
will find a full statement of the case; and after
the perusal of that statement, there could not ex-
ist a doubt m the mind of any gentleman who is
disposed to do justice in the case, that we ought
to p<?y thU claim.
Mr. FREEMAN. I move that the gentleman
from Aikansas have the unanimous consent of the
House to go on with his explanation in this mat-
ter. He seems to be well informed in relation to
it; and m niy opinion, the time of the committee
could not be better occupied than in receiving the
information. I hope there will be no objection to
giving hmi a quarter of an hour more.
The CHAIRMAN. This committee have no
right to grant this pnvilege. The House have-de-
cided that debate shall be closed m two hours,
and the committee must execute the order of the
House.
Mr. FREEMAN. I understand it is compe-
tent for the House, by unanimous consent, to sus-
pend the rides at any time.
The CrlAlRAiAN. Not in committee. The
gentleman from New York will proceed.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I had hoped,
when this deficiency bill was taken up fur consid-
eration, that delate upon it would be confined to
the merits of the bill it'self.
Mr. MSADE, (intei rupting.) Surely it is in
the power of this committee, by unanimous con-
sent, to grant the gentleman from Arkansas [Mr.
Johvson"| the privilege to proceed with his re-
marks. I cr.nnot doubt but that the committee
have that power.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is very decided
m the opinion that it is not competent for the com-
mittee to grant it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
must be aware that this committee cannot suspend
the rules of the House,
