1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men who send them here. This is the constitu-
tional theory of the appropriating power of this
Mr. MEADE. It is competent for the commit-
tee to sit here for half an hour without doing any-
thing; and if that be so, I presume they can allow : Government. To the* iiXMUtive°belon<^ the "ei
0 gten.t,e">an from Arkansas to go on with his \ ecution of the laws, but to Congress belongs the
j public purse. If Congress declines to make ap-
|, propriations necessary to carry on the Goveni-
ment economically, and in good faith, it fails in
i: nnp nfifa hicvliaot sinti*a«. „ rp _ _•/**.
speech for lialf that tune; for he only desires fif-
teen minutes to explain this matter.
liie CHAIRVJAN. The Chair is very clear
in the opinion that the committee have no power
to allow the gentleman from Arkansas to proceed,
and he so decides.
Mr. MEADE "Well, sir, if it is the pleasure
of the committee to hear the gentleman from Ar-
kansas, I will tak-e an appeal from the Chair, and
I do it to relieve the Chair from iis decision.
Mr. STANLY. In the event that the decision
of the Chair is overruled, and the gentleman from
Arkansas is allowed to go on with his speech, I
desire to know what will be the effect of that de-
cision when the hour arrives at which the House
have ordered the debate to close > Will the Chair
! one of its highest duties; and the Executive, if it j
- has made iis statements, and its recommendations, \
: is acquitted of all responsibility. It is well that j
i we who are in a large minority here, with the I
; responsibility of an Executive elsewhere, should ■
! have an understanding about this, with the major-
I ity, and at the start. Let there be no disguise
i about these tilings, then.
, I repeat, that the purse of the nation is in the
i hands of the two Houses of Congress. Not a
' dollar can be taken from the Treasury by the Pres-
ident, except by the appropriation of the two
Houses of Congress; and whatever apnropria-
iias ordered it to clo:
Mr. JOHNSON. CJnder these circumstances,
of course I cannot consent to go on. I do not de-
sire to take the time from the gentleman from New-
York. I hope, however, that when we get into
debate under the five minutes rule, the committee
will allow me to state some facts-which I am pre-
cluded from doing- now.
The CHAIRMAN. Discussion is out of order.
Mr. COBB. I desire to ask the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affans, [Mr. Johnson,]
whether document No. 30 does not embrace all the
facts to which he alludes ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, sir, it does not embrace
all; but it embraces enough to enable gentlemen to
investigate the matter for themselves, if they desire
to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must again re-
mind gentlemen that debate is out of order. The
gentleman from New York*will proceed.
Mr. BROOKS said: I was about to remark that I
cial system, the fiscal year commences with the
1st of July or the 30th of June, and Congress
acts upon estimates often some months after the
Executive submits them. For example, the esti-
mates upon which we shall be called to act when
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill comes
up for consideration, aie for the fiscal year begin-
ning July 1st, 1852, and ending with June 30th,
1853, and were made, in part, by the AVar Depart-
ment, in September or October last, and sent to the
Executive m November last, being one year and
seven, eight, or nine months ahead of their final ex-
penditure, June 30th, 1853. The Executive must
have his estimates printed and on our tables the
very day we meet in December—estimates upon
which we shall not probably act before July or •
August next. It is the duty of Congress, and it j
is its peculiar privilege, months after they are sub- |
mitted, to scan these estimates, and to judge of J
them by the experience of a later period; but |
when Congress has adopted them. Congress be'
haa hoped that when this deficiency bill came up, j; comes responsible for them, as well astheExecu-
^ n ill'O trrrtnln K «-i -i i. ^ .. /! 1 ~ . i ! T~1 I 1 /  * T T • 1 1*1/*
there would be a free, open, and legitimate discus-
sion upon its merits. I had hoped that the honor-
able chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means would have availed himself of his right,
under the rules, to address the committee forgone
hour, and that he would have given his exposition
-of the bill, so that some cue or clue could have been
given to the discussion, and so that I might seem
to be addressing myself in reply to something
which might have been said upon this floor, rather
than to things which, if not said here, are said else-
where. But the health of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means was such that he
was not able to avail himself of that privilege;
and, therefore, I am placed in the somewhat em-
barrassing position of vindicating a bill, which has
not exactly been attacked upon the floor of this
House, except by the incidental remarks yester-
day of the honoiable/^eutlemdii from Missouri,
[Mr. Hall,] or som€like incidental remarks, the
other day, fromjL\\ honorable gentleman from
Tennessee.
executive estimates a\"d congressional rl-
s.povmbit ity.
I propose, in the first place, to ask the attention
of the House to the estimates of this Administra-
tion, and the necessities of the country, that de-
manded them. It has been remarked, and truly,
too, that the Administration is bound to make its
estimates, and is responsible for them; but the
House of Representatives is not k>ss bound to vote
those estimates, if they are founded upon a cor-
rect judgment of the necessities of the country, and
that m voting them, it indorses them, and is equal-
ly responsible, with the Administration, for them
tive. Frankness and fair-dealing demanded of me
[j to say thus much here before we go further into
j; the vote; and what I have said, I hold to be true
I and legitimate doctrine.
'i what are estimate:;?
Now, what Dre estimates? They nre nothing
| but guesses, at best. They are the judgment of
■ men, founded upon the past history of this Gov-
, ernment and upon its past expenditure; of v/hatisj
| ■ to happen hereafter, and what is to be the cost of it. 1
'■ Upon this past history, presuming the future will j
be as the past has been, they make their estimates i
j of the future expenditure of the Government a !
; year and seven or eight months before all those '
expenditures are to occur. Now, we stand on j
vantage ground some months ahead of the Exec- J
utive in this matter. We know what the ex- '
penses of the Government have been since the j
:j time the estimates were made, or, at least, we can j
i know if we desire. It is impossible for any Ex- j
,| ecutive, unless he be gifted with extraordinary wis- i
It dom or some foresight divine, to know a year and |
: seven months ahead what are to be all the actual ;
expenses of the Government. If an Indian war ]
arises, if trouble happens upon some distant ocean, !
if frontier difficulties are created, if there be any ,
1 extraordinary increase of the cost of collecting ,
, revenue, or "if there be any domestic troubles,
■( it is impossible for the Executive to know what i
:! should be the exact estimates for the expenses of :
!' the Government a year and seven months ahead, I
' or even for Congress to know, when, at a later
' period, it is making its appropriations. So that, |
I under our peculiar financial system, which makes 1
,j our fiscal year commence on the 1st of July and
I..-u0Ui?jlaI! :! end on the 30th of June afterwards, there must
always be deficiencies in some branches of expend
no misunderstanding about it. It will not do to
say, " we must take and vote the estimates, and
hoM the Administration alone responsible for them.
We can know nothing about them.5' It will not
do, under our form of government, thus to make
the Legislative the mere register of the edicts of the
Executive branch of the Government. It is our
business, our duty, to study, to understand, to com-
prehend the necessities of ihe counti y, as set forth
in the esumates; to \ ote for them, if they are right,
and to refuse them, if they are wrong. We are
men, and we can as well understand them, as the
iture. and surpluses in others, as there always
have been deficiencies and surpluses, most espe-
cially smcc this fiscal year has been substituted tor
the regular year of the calendar.
deficiency bills no novelties.
I have heard gentlemen speak of this deficiency
bill, which lias appeared in this House, as of some-
thins: new—unknown in Congress before, and as
i if belonging peculiarly to this Administration—
i unknown to any preceding. Mr. Chairman,-if
this idea has taken possession of the minds of any
new member, he must be a new member indeed.
From the time when the present financial system
was established down to the present, these defi-
ciency bills have appeared on the stage every year,
and they will continue to appear hereafter, as long
as toe Government exists, or the fiscal year exists
as it is now. I hold in my hand a tabular state-
ment from the year 1844, exhibiting large defi-
ciencies every year, under the administration of
Mr. Polk, and I shall read it in part:
•Additional estimates rendered by the Secretary of the
Treasury, m connection uxth the regular estimates at
(he commencement of the sessions of Ccwre^u.
Foi the fiscal yeai ending 30th June, 184-4, (Mr. Spencer.
Seeietasy:)
Civ?!, miscellaneous, and foreign
intercoms $138,57] 49
Military department  l.V>,44] 47
. , $229,012 96
Congress appropnated  211,270 82
Foi the fi-sc.i!} ear ending30th June, lb'45, (Mr. Dibb, Sec-
retary:)
Civil, miscellaneous,and foreign
ii'lereom-M-*   .$-)76,203 03
Slililai) department,  ulu,7(in 15
  $4C2,968 78
Congress appropmued  443,864 05
Foi the fiscal veai ending 30th June. 1846, (Mr. Walker,
Secretory.) v '
C'sviJ, miscellaneous, and foreign
r'teicuur. c $1,009.7£4 21
Mtlnaiy department  2S0,7G-2 34
  $1/290,526 55
Congress appiopriated  1,700,914 99
For the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1547, (Mr. Walker,
Sscietd'y:)
Civih mi.-ceiianeons. and foreign
inf^tcouise '. 7 $06(1,700 72
Miiimt} depa«nn"nt  4.":93,U0U ('0
— $.',459,700 79
Congress appropuaU'd  7,637,071 48
For the fi^ca! year end.ngDOth June, 1848, (Mr. Walker,
riecretai"} •)
Ci\ )i, niij-eeHiineous, and foreign
infeieomse   :'?S,7Cn R3
Militaiy department 9,902,439 74
Navy department  70.681 80
 : 0,061,844 57
Congress appropnated.....  13,315,666.88
For the ypai ending 3uth June, 1849, (Mr. Walker,
Secretary :)
Civil, im^ceilaneous,and foieign inteieourse,
including Mexican indemnity $3,7-14,903 69
Congicss appropnated ".  3,885,193 81
I especially beg the attention of gentlemen on
the other side to the deficiencies of .1847 and 1848,
as in the last yeai, a Whig Congress, (Mr. Vin-
ton, chairman of the Ways and Means,) made
up for the deficiencies of Mr. Polk to the amount
of over ^13,300,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York, if that w?s not
during the Mexican war, when we had fifty thou-
sand troops in the field?
Mr. CROOKS. Yes; but Congress in declar-
ing war with Mexico, authorized the raising,, of
the troops, and provided the means of carrying the
war on. The gentleman, however, need not be
afraid of me, for I intend fairly to face all facts,
if he will give me time. If gentlemen will not in-
terrupt me, they v*ill find that 1 am making a full,
free, and fair statement.
Nov/, it is very true that this was during the
time ot the Mexican war, and it was very proba-
ble that there should be deficiencies, doubtless
larger deficiencies than would otherwise have been
necessary; but it is also true, that on the 13th o^
May, 1846, when the President was authorized to
call into service the fifty thousand volunteers, he
could, m the December following, have included
in his estimates for the year ending June, 1848,
the cost of maintaining them. It was in the
power of the Administration—the country then
being involved in war—to know what would be
the deficiency a year and a half ahead, as well then
as at any other time. It knew, that in order to
conquer Mexico, it had to involve the country in
a prodigious expenditure, and to bring in the held
all the troops Congress authorized in May, 1846,
and it was its duty, m submitting the estimates
m December, 18£G, tor the year ending June, 1848,
to fullv, fail ly, and fearlessly estimate what the
cost of that job would be, certainly, just as much
as it is the duty of this Administration noF, a
year and seven months ahead, to know what will
be all, and the exact, expenditures of the Govern-
ment m the now much larger field of Oregon and
California.
