806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
estimates during the mexican war.
But now the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] has chosen to introduce this justification of
the Mexican war as a defense of erroneous esti-
mates, I propose to follow him there—not to at-
tack, but to demonstrate that the leading minds
and leading men of his party are as fallible as
other mortals in their guesses or estimates. I did
not intend to introduce some facts which I have
before me at all, but it now becomes proper to
show, if war justifies larger deficiency bills than
peace, or larger errors in estimates, the interroga-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee was proper
and apt.
Mr. Polk, in his annual message, and Mr.
Walker, in his Treasury report, December, 1846,
stated that if the Mexican war continued to July
1st, 1849, a loan of §23,000,000 would be needed
to carry the Government forward, and that that
would leave; a surplus of $4,000,000 in the Treas-
ury. But Mr. Walker, in his report of Decem-
ber, 1847, asked—notwithstanding this surplus of
$4,000,000 that was (o be in the Treasury—a loan
of >)18,500,000 additional, to meet the expenses of
the Government the same year. The Ways and
Means Committee reported his loan bill as asked
for—that is, for §18,500,000. This Mr. Walker,
the Secretary of the Treasury then, gladdened the
country with ajetter to Congress, stating that he
hadmadetliefortunatediscovery of an error,show-
ing the Treasury to have nearly seven millions of
dollars more than stated m his annual report. The
Committee of Ways and Means then reduced that
loan of $18,500,000 to ^12,000,000, to carry out
that fortunate discovery. But, before the country
was gladdened fully with this most satisfactory
announcement, as early as January, 1848, the
Secretary of the Treasury sent to the House an-
other statement, saying that when the first letter
was sent in, he did not know that Mr. Mnrcy had
called upon the Committee of Ways and Means
for $4,000,000, to supply a deficiency, which was
necessary in Ins (the War) Department, and there-
fore, that the sixteen million loan would be neces-
sary. This sum the Committee of Ways and
Means reported, and Congress acted accordingly.
Now, I do not mean to censure Mr. Walker, or Mr.
Polk's administration, for this wild guessing, this
blunderingby mil lions, unless it be intended to con-
vey the idea that they had the power of foreseeing
all the actual expenditures of the war, exactly
what it would cost the country, and that it was
their duty, therefore, to make estimates that would
not admit of any possible deficiency; but I do
mean to say, that no administration, throughout
our whole history, has ever exhibited such a want
of apprehension of its own means as that did—mil-
lions aL a time, or such a want of comprehension
of the great task it had undertaken,in conquering
peace with Mexico. At one time it blundered
upon seven millions of hitherto undiscovered trea-
sure, but at another time the cruel Secretary of
War had robbed it of four millions of its precious
means and receipts. The war, it is clear, or rather
the cost of it, had utterly bewildered Mr. Polk,
Mr. Walker, Mr. Marcy,and all who, in Wash-
ington, had been carrying it on.
Equally erroneous were the estimates of Mr.
Polk's administration for the expenditures for the
fiscal year ending July 1st, 1848. The Go\eminent
set them down to be $15,781,784; but m only the
first seven months of thatfiscal year, the estimates
were changed and run up to $(>2,783,660. The
Secretary of War then estimated his expenses, for
the fiscal year, at §23,938,000, but in the session
ot 1847 and 1848, lie asked for an additional ex-
penditure of over $14,033,434, an addition of more
than the yearly expenses of the Government during"
John Q,uincy Adams's administration.
I repeat taat I do riot intend to censure iVIr.
Polk, Mr. Walker, or Mr. Marcy, but I do intend ,
to say, that if gentlemen suppose that this Admin-
istration can calculate or estimate better than did '
the last, they require more of us than they did 1
themselves; and they pay us a compliment we
ou^ht to thank them for.
, I?® ®-"anerm''|ster General, Jesup, submitted
.? 1;,%' statement of his deficiencies, upon
he 4th of November, 3847, and there were
then arrearages ,n hls department, for which he
estimated $,,500,000: and for clothing, camp, and i'
Sv <8e4fiopoon'$96°'000 more; milkin<?al1
nearly $8,460,000—a sum necessary for him as a ,
deficiency. He estimated the expenditure for the i I
next fiscal year, for his own, the quartermaster's
department, to be over'$19,291,200. This defi-
ciency and this estimate was taken to Mr. Polk.
He was frightened by the magnitude of them, and
it is within the history of the Committee of Ways
and Means—not the presentcommittee—thatMr.
Polk compelled General Jesup to cut down his ar-
rearages from $7,500,000 to $5,000,000, and his
clothing and camp equipage from $960,000 to
$(j00,0U0; so that instead of $8,460,000, only
$5,600,000 were given; and the estimate of the
quartermaster general for the year was cut down
to $14,250,000. But on the 3d of February, soon
afterwards—for these estimates were sent in De-
cember—Mr. Marcy writes to the Committee of
Ways and Means that he wants, and must have,
£,360,000 for the clothing department, which
brought back the sum necessary, then, to General
Jesup's original estimate, $960,000. Now, I state
these great facts in no carping spirit, nor with any
love for crimination or recrimination, but to show
that deficiencies must exist, as they have existed
under an administration peculiarly beloved by the
party now dominant in both Houses of Congress,
and to ask that party to bear in mind, that they
always will exist unless the high officers of the
Government are gifted with ubiquity, omnipres-
ence, omniscience, and omnipotence, to control all
the elements, and all the circumstances of war and
of peace.
deficiencies in the house of representatives.
But, Mr. Chairman, are our deficiencies alone
confined to the executive officers of the Govern-
ment? I have in my hand now, a letter from the
Clerk of this House, directed to the Committee of
Ways and Means, in which he asks for $100,000
deficiency for the estimates of the expenditures of
this House, $75,000 of which , are in the deficiency
bill which you now haveunderconsideration. And
if the House itself cannot judge of its own ex-
penditures, does not know its own means, spends
moiethan it has voted, let us not hear one word
from this House, or the majority in it, against
another branch of the Government, which can
spend not a cent but as it is appropriated. I will
read the letter:
House of Representatives, January 15, 1852.
Sir : At the last se&sion of Congress, the sum of {£209,971
was appropriated to meet the contingent expenses of the
House uf Representatives foi the present fUcal year. Pnor
to the meeting of Congress. there had been expended the
Mini of .$144,500, and s>itice that tune there has been ex-
pended tnc sum of .$33,320, leaving an unexpended balance
ot £32,250 to meet the contingent expenses of the House for
the remainder of the fiscal year, ending the 30th day of June
next.
It has been reported to this office that the &uui of $50,000
will be required to meet the expenses of pnntmgalone ; and
I would, therefoie, respectfully recommend that the sum of
$100,000 be piovided in the deficiency bill to meet the con-
tingent expense*? of the House.
I am, very respectfully, vour obedient servant.
JNO. W. FORNEY.
Hon. GeoroeS. Houston,
Chairman Committee of TVo/s and Means.
military expenditures the quartermaster's
department.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I come to the expenses
of the quartermaster's department, for which there
are large appropriations in the deficiency bill; but
at the threshold, I beg the House to remember,
that every cent of deficiency here comes from cut-
ting down the estimates last year $2,315,000, for
the pruning-knife was run in there' deep the last
session of the last Congress! Indeed, there is no
deficiency in the quartermaster's department this
year, save as it arises from the cutting down of his
estimates last year without rhyme or reason, as
we see now. It is almost impossible, I will re-
mark here, to comprehend the expenditures of this
department, unless we are willing to give them a
fair and a full consideration. I must confess, that
when the quartermaster general's estimates were
submitted to the Committee of Ways and Means
at the last Congress, of which committee I was a
member, their magnitude struck my attention, and
almost affrighted me. I could not comprehend
them, arid I sympathized, for the time being, with
the indignant remarks which I heard from gentle-
men upon all side*5 of the House respecting them.
But this state of feeling arose from a want of
proper study of the whole subject upon my part.
J did not comprehend the growth and grandeur of
this country. I did not appreciate the mishty fact,
that, since 1845, the time from which these ex-
penditures had so much increased, that these
United States have been more than doubled in
their area and extent; and that whereas, before
the Mexican war, we may be said to have had but
one United States, one Republic", we have now, as
it were, two United States, two Republics, and
have added to us a territory twice as laige as the
old United States of America were in 1845.
I hold in my hand a computation table of the
area of the States, Territories, organized and un-
organized, in the United States, which shows some
interesting and important facts:
Jirea
in so. miles.
Twenty-rune old States, (excludmg Texan and
California  1,073.930
NEW TERRITORIES.
Oalifoima and New Mexico  5*?6,078
Texas 325,520
Oregon   311,4(33
—— 1,183,061
Noi thwest Territory, west of the Mississippi,in-
cluding Muines.ota.and bounded south by iovva
and the Piatte uver, and west b\ the Rocky
Mountains   "  745
Indian Territoiy, wc«tof Missouri and Aikmi-aa, '
and south of Platte river  248.851
Number of square lmles >11 the United States 3.261,406
Showing these two new States, JNew Mexico and
Oregon, only to have an area in square miles of
119,131 more than the twenty-nine old States of
the Republic!
Thus wc have, since 18-15, more than doubled
the area of territory that our army has to defend
and protect, and doubled it, too, among savages,
dwelling in wildernesses, or on mountains, and
in fastnesses almost inaccessible to our troops.
Now, under such a state of things, it is to be ex-
pected that in nearly all branches of this Gov-
ernment, as the country increases, its expenditures
will increase m proportion to its territory—cer-
tainly its army expenditures in proportion to its
territory, and moie too; for that very increase of
territory increases its difficulties and duties, and
aggravates its outlays. And this, in part, is the
great secret of the enormous expenditure in the
quartermaster's department. The military posts
in the United States in 1845 were only seventy-
eight, the westernmost of which was Port Wash-
ita, on the Red river; but in 1852 there are one
hundred and eighteen military posts and arsenals.
The following is the length of our frontier, in part,
the Mexican frontier having to be protected under
the tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo:
Length of Mexican frontier  1,700 miles.
Length of Atlantic and Gulf of Mex-
ico  3,500 "
Length of Pacific sea-coast  1,620 "
One of the most forcible arguments which Gen-
eral Jesup has made to this House, in his report,
to show the necessary magnitude of his expendi-
tures, is the colored map, which he has appended
to the quartermaster's report, by which he not
only shows the overland transportation, his horses,
mules, and wagons have to perform, but also that
there are now four or six frontiers to the United
States, whereas before there were only two or
three. There is the frontier of the*Pacific, then
the Mexican and Oregon frontier, the inner fron-
tier, this side of the Sierra Madre mountains, and
the frontier beyond Missouri} fiiU of savages and
wild Indians, so that I may saWjrthink, without
exaggeration, that as exalted as me Roman Empire
was, in its proudest day; far and wide as the Im-
perial eagle went, and momentous and aggrandiz-
ing as were its achievements; equally alike diffi-
culties, savages ten times more ferocious than Gaul
or Briton, are now met by the soldiers and officers
of this country, in the wide extent of posts which
they have, extendingfrom the Arostook,in Maine,
to Fort Wilkki, on Lake Superior, to Puget's
Sound,m Oregon, and from the Rio Grande to the
source of the Red river, in Arkansas. If is neces-
sary to comprehend this mighty fact of territorial
extension, in order to understand this great ex-
penditure of the quartermaster's department. It
is necessary to remember that the military posts
are nearly doubled; that the territory has more than
doubled; and also the other most e-sential fact, that
in 1845 almost all the quartermaster's posts were
accessible by steam-boats, the one furthest off
(Port Scott) being within mnetv miles from steam-
boat navigation. and that, too, in a region where
supplies could be obtained in its neighborhood.
Fort Washita, in the Chickasaw country, near the
Red river, was the only outpost depending upon
the interior for its supplies, and it was only eighty-
six miles from the depot, where it was supplied.
