810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
1846, there waa inserted—may I not say, smug-
gled: for who then probably foresaw its full ef-
fect?—this very significant and pregnant item:
" That in appraising all goods at any port in the United
States, heretofore subjected to specific duties, but upon
which ad valorem duties aic imposed by the act of July 30,
1846, entitled 'An act reducing the duty oh imports., and
for other purposes,' reference shall be had to values and
invoices? of similar goods imported dtirins; that fiscal year,
under sucli general and uniform regulations/or the proven
Hon of fraud or undervaluation a* s>!uill be pi esc/ ibed by
the Secretary of the Treasury."
I call this item in this.civil and diplomatic bill a
significant and pregnant item, for it not only re-
fers to, and to some extent revives, the tariff of
1842, (certainly as to values and invoices,) but
what is more, it vested in Mr. Walker, then Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the power of prescription
of such general and uniform regulations (as to ad
valorem) as he might think proper. Mr. Walker
instantly availed himself of this plenipotent power;
and, in order to levy as high duties as possible on
high ad valorem#, he not only revived what he
could of the tariff of 1842, but he went a great
deal further even into what the Supreme Court of
the United States subsequently decided to be con-
trary to law. He meant to balk the prediction of
Whig prophets, law or no law; and he did do it
in defiance of law.
ILLEGAL TREASURY CIRCULARS.
There are, Mr. Chairman—you as a lawyer
know—two kinds of law, written and unwritten,
the statute law, such as that of July 30, and Au-
gust 10, 1846, and the common law, the law of
" prescription." The common law of the Treas-
ury Department, is aTreasury code, called Treas-
ury circulars; and as the tariff of 1846 was going
into operation, Mr. Walker began to scatter them
as thick as the leaves of Vnllambrosa. The Treas-
ury code which issues its rescripts in Treasury
circulars, has power more plenipotent for the time
being than any statute law. The appraisers, who
inspect and examine imports, and judge of their
values, hold their offices from the Treasury, and
whatever the Treasury prescribes, with ihem is
law. Hence, when Mr. Walker had in the civil
and diplomatic bill, or thought he had, the power
of il prescription" as to the ad valorems; and ex-
ercised that power, without restraint, he became
the law. This power, I shall show you, was ex-
ercised with a high hand from December, 1846, up
to January,1851.
Mr. Walker himself began the first exercise of
the power of prescription in a somewhat famous
Treasury circular, November 25,1846. He quotes,
as if with exultation, the hitherto hidden item in
the civil and diplomatic bill. He dictates, also,
the modes and manner of appraisements, thus:
"The principle upon which the appraisement i*based is
this. That the actual value of article on shipboard at the
last place oi shipment to the United States, including all pre-
ceding expenses, duties, costs cb.uges, and traiispoitation,
h the foreiiru value upon which the duty is to b« assessed
The co t and chains that are to be embiaeed in fixing the
valuation over and above the value ot the article at tiie place
of glow tit, production, or manufacture, are :
" 1st. The tian-portation, shipment, and terms—ship-
ment, with all the expenses included, from the place of
giowth, production, or manufacture, Whether bj land or
Hater carnage, to the vessel in which a shipment is made,
to the United States. Included in these estimates is the
value of the sack, package, box, crate, hogshead, barrel,
bale, cask. can, and covenng of a!J kinds, bottles, jars, ves-
feelJ, and demijohns.
" 2d. Commission, at the usual rate, but in no case less
.than two and a half pei cent., and when there is a distinct
iuoketage, that to be added.
"3d "Export duties, including <?uch duties at all places
from the phiee of growth, production, or manufacture, to the
last place ot shipment to the United State-;.
"4th. COv-t of placing cargoes on board ship, including
drayage, labor, bill of lading, hghteiage, town dues, and
tupping charge?, dock and wharf dues, and all charges to
place the article upon ship-hoard.
" Discounts are never to be allowed in any case, except
on articles where it ha-s been the uniform and established
Usage heretofore, and never more than the actual discount,
positively known to the appraiser.
" The freight from the last place ofslnpment to the United
States is not to be included m the valuation ; and insurance
is also excluded by law."
Here the Treasury circular assumed that the
principle on which the appraisement is based is
the actual value on board ship at the place of ship-
ment, including all preceding expenses, duties,
cost*-?, charges, and transportation. The difference
was essential to the revenue of the United States;
you will see whether the duty was levied on the
actual value at tiie place of purchase, or procure-
ment, or at the place of shipment. Silks, or vel-
vets, purchased at Lyons, m France, or watches
or jewelry purchased at Geneva, had one value;
but when transported for shipment to Havre, sub-
ject, it may be, to city duties, or duties interna-
tional, to costs and charges, also of transportation,
that original value was essentially enhanced.
Goods purchased of the manufacturer in the inte-
rior of Germany, or at forced auction sales, had
one invoice—one value at the time of purchase—
but at the time and place of shipment, from a
great rise in value, or from some other cause, the
invoice or ad valorem would be altogether a differ-
ent one from what it was at the start. Here, then,
in oneTreasury rescript, Mr. Walker made a tariff
of his own, and his appraisers in New York, Bos-
ton, and in every custom-house, of course obeyed.
ThisTreasury rescript was followed by another,
July 6, 1847, more imperial by far than its pre-
decessor. This circular starts with stating that
the twenty-third and twenty-fourth sections of the
tariff act of 1842, are in force, and gives the Treas-
ury construction of them.
"This construction (I quote his circular) of tiieDepait-
ment must be binding upon all who perform any duties
under these laws, from whatever source their appointment
or authority may be derived ; and from such deacon there
can be no appeal, except to the judicial powers. (Merchant
appraisers—appraisers selected by the collector—we re-
claiming their right to construe the law for themselves, in-
dependent of the cucular.) The Department, notwithstand-
ing the broad language and comprehensive authority con-
ferred upon it by Congress, feels bound to adopt the con-
struction of the revenue laws, pronounced in solemn
adjudications by the Supreme Court of the United States."
(The merchant appraisers were hushed at a blow!)
Mr. W alker goes on to say, treating of the right
claimed to estimate the market value of goods at
the place or time of purchase:
"The most enormous frauds would be the consequence
of such construction. Stimulated, fictitious, and antedated
pin chases, to suit the penod of lowest price, would prevail
extensively, to the great injury of the tair tr; d"r and
of the revenue. In truth, under such system, tiie whole
importing business would soon be thrown into the hands of
the diehonocit and fraudulent, who would be willing to pro-
duce antedated or fictitious foreign sale*, and that mo-t
useful and meritorious citizen, the honest and fair tiadei,
would be tlitown entirely out of the market. It is known
at present—at the commencement of this proposed sys-
tem—that even where the puichasers are not deemed bv
the partie< fraudulent, the peison designing to import into
the United State* goes to some prior purchaser, who has
purchased, not for importation into the United States, at
some prior date when the goods were much lowerm value,
and imports the goods in the name of the first pureha-ei,
consenting to give a ceitam profit or price on the delivery
here, and thus depitves the revenue of the difference in
value, and obtains a most unjust advantage over the fair
tiadei, who will resoit to no such attitices. It is the duty
of this Department to declare that such a practice i<a fraud
upon the revenue, and subjects the goods to seizure a>>d
confiscation, and the parties committing tiie fraud to all the
penalties prescribed bylaw; and the utmost vigilance is
enjoined upon collectors, apptaisers, and all other officers
of the customs, m taking all pioper measures to detect and
punish all who are engaged in such fiauduient practices."
This circular the SecreUu y followed up by an-
othei, August 7, 1848, in which he says:
" Forced sales of goods in the foreign maikct at reduced
prices under exh aordinary and peculiar cncumstances, can-
not be taken as the true maiket value of such goods. When
trade is parahzed by revolution, and sacrifices of goods take
place, sales then made, not being characterized by the or-
dinary fiee and healthy state of tiade, do not, it is conceived
form proper data,foi the c-tabli.-hmentof an "actual mar-
ket value" in contemplation of law."
There is sense and sound reason in all this; but
it was, as will be seen in the end, in violation of
law. The dangers to the revenue from changing
all specific duties into universal ad valorems,
brought out yet another circular, December 26,
1848, in which the Secretary says:
" The intent of the 17th section of the act of 30th of Au-
gu-t, lb42, in the appointment of merchant appraisers, is
evidently to give the merchants an oppoitumty to appeal
from one clasj-of appraisers to another. Bunt is clear that
Congress did not design to relinquish the power in the Gov-
ernment to select the merchant appraisers to whom the case
might be referred, nor to give the paitic*. appealing anj
more voice in the selection of such appraisers than of any
other Government officer-.. To consult the parties con-
cerned, or allow them a voice m the selection of merchant
appraises, would soon result in peirmttmg the importers
to coritiol the appraisement of their own goods, and it is
ptesumed is not permitted at any port. Meichant apprais-
ers should be paitieularly instructed, that when acting m
that capacity, they are to be governed by the «rxm« rules
and regulations as provided by law for the duection of reg-
ular appiaisers, and are to act upon the principle that the
iiiroitt pi ice, 01 eten the pnre mtaally p^id (or d&urticte
of merchandise, i* hy no ineinu a true n itci ion ojwh.e fair
market vahie as prcstiil-cd by la v. Adopt a contiary prin-
ciple, and one who is so fortunate as to have n quantitv of
merchandise given bun, would be entitled to icceive it free
of duty, or at a'nominal duty, lfpurcha-cd at nominal prices,
and dnferent rates would otten be as-es^ed by appiaisers
on articles ot the same value. The fair market value in-
tended bylaw, is the genei.d or ruling puce of the article
' in the principal market- of the country fiom which the
same shall have been imported.' "
The Secretaries of the Treasury who followed
Mr. Walker, necessarily followed the principles of
construction he had established in his circularsand
the precedents, until they were overruled by the
courts; and among them all, they piled circular upon
circular, Pelion upon Ossa, till an indignant com-
munity appealed from the high court of the Treas-
ury to thehigher Federal courts of judicature. The
principles of collecting duties enacted by these
Treasury circulars, and all in violation of law, as
subsequently decided, were:
1st. That the value of goods at the time and
placc of shipment to the United States were to be
the ad valorem, on which duties were to be collect-
ed at the American custom-houses.
2d. That the Treasury circulars were binding
and conclusive upon collectors, and all classes of
appraisers—merchant, as well as Government ap-
praisers—and that the Government had power m
removing as well as in selecting merchant ap-
praisers.
These Treasury circulars thus established a tariff
of their own, known under no act of Congress
and as soon as they were tested in the Federal
court, the Federal court swept them away at once.
The Whigs contended, and contended truly, that
the tariff acts of 1846, as they have passed, left
the whole revenue of the Government a prey
to foreign fraud, or foreign caprice, or foreign in-
voices, subject to all sort of foreign fluctuation
of value. The Whigs contended that under such
a tariff, there could be no adequate revenue. The
Whigs contended, that to allow foreign manufac-
turers to fix the market values of all dutiable
(American imported) manufactures, at their own
door, by their own workshops, was not only
wrongful, and subversive of all true principles of a
tariff, or sound political economy, but m utter
violation of the Constitution of the United States,
which requires that "all duties shall be uniform
throughout the United States." The keen eye of
Mr. Walker saw all this, and hence in the civil
and diplomatic bill (August 10, 1848,) he obtained
as he thought, new powers for Treasury con-
structions; and hence his great effort, under the
tariff act of 1842, to make his construction and
instructions " conclusive and binding." It is im-
possible to say, even to guess, how much of ad-
ditional duties he gained to the Government by
these illegal circulars,—but it is enough to show,
by his own Treasury confessions, that without
such circulars, under the tariff of 1846, " enor-
mous frauds simulated, fictitious and antedated
purchases" would have prevailed; and, "under
such a system, the whole importing business Would
soon be (have been) thrown into the hands of the
dishonest and fraudulent."
nullified treasury circulars.
These Treasury circulars run on, and were act-
ed upon as law, from December, 1846,till January,
1851, when the Supreme Court of the United
States nullified the great body of them, and pro-
nounced them void, and without law. The rev-
enue, nevertheless—the revenue boasted of as so
large, but made so large only by lawless circulars—
was collected under them for three years and over.
Judge Woodbury, sitting in a case in Boston,
(Greely vs. Thompson & Johnson,) first overruled
these circulars. He decided:
1. That the date of the procurement of a cargo
of iron in Newport, Wales, to wit: The 24th of
January, 1849, was the time at which theapprais-
crs should have fixed the value of the iron, and
not the date of invoice or bill of lading, the 24th
of February, (the price had materially advanced
during the previous thirty days, and the jury as-
sessed damages against the collector in the sum
£6,631 2S, as illegally exacted.)
A like case was made m New York. N. L. &
G Gnswold sued the collector for excess of duties
upon plantain bark, or hemp, and sugar, imported
from Manilla, the collector exacting duties upon
the market value at the time of shipment, and the
plaintiffs paying under protest, contending thatthe
law only compelled them to pay duties upon the
market value at the time of purchase. The jury,
under the instructions of Judge Nelson, gave a
verdi'-f for the plaintiff of 44 (difference,)
and the verdict was affirmed, on appeal, by the
Supreme Court it} Washington.
These two cases, the pioneers of others now
pressing, not only nullified the Treasury rescripts,
and broke down the Treasury code, but they ex-
posed the revenue to all the fatal consequences that
