1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
Mr. Walker had set forth in his circulars, and real-
ized at once the prediction of such men as George
Evans and othorn, that under such a tariff the Gov-
ernment could not be carried on. These decisions
were made known immediately to the Treasury
Department, to the Ways and Means Committee
of the House, and to the Finance Committee of
the Senate, and they inspired all v/ith alarm. A
double alarm was felt. First, it was asked, what
are we to do for revenue? and next, how are we
to get rid of paying the enormous sums in illegal
duties we have been over four years exacting un-
der these illegal Treasury circulars? An honorable
Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] the chair-
man of the Finance Committee, a gentleman I am
happy to see, whose views are extending beyond
the Blue Ridge and tide-water, immediately brought
the whole difficulty and danger before the Senate.
He introduced a bill which, March 3d, 1851. he-
came a law, and which really and substantially rev-
olutionized the old tariffs, in recnacting the Treasury
circulars,and providingstrongerguardsand greater
securities than ever against under valuations, false
invoices, unequal duties, &c. Mr. Hunter, in
introducing his bill, said:
" The result will be,that hereafter, unless we legislate in
relation to the subject, tiie foreign value of goods will be
computed at the tune of the procurement or purchase,or at
the place of purchase and time of importation, and not at
the time and place of importation, as has been heietofore
done, and is now pioposed. This would give rUc to a great
inequality^ and open a door,perhaps a veryuide Joor, to
jrand. All men experienced m regard to this matter testify
"alike. All the Secretaries of the Treasury, Mr. Walker,
Mr. .Mctfditli, Mr Corvvin, were of the ^ame opinion ui
n-^aui to th'1 mode in which the (oreicn value should he
computed. And when we come to look at the effect ot sui)-
^titutine the value dt the time arid place of puichase. lor
that tune and place which this bill proposes. and Mr. Walk-
ercircular required, we find that it throws open a very
vide door toiiaud, and is calculated to drive the importing
bu-ifc--*- into the hands of foreign merchants, thus discrim-
inating m favor of foreign and against our own importers.35
The tariff law of 1846, we thus see, as ex-
pounded by the court, left the whole revenue sys-
tem subject to "great inequality," "to fraud,"
and was calculated "to drive the importing busi-
ness into the hands of foreign merchants," "dis-
criminating against our own."
Mr. Elunter continues—and I cite his authori-
ty,because his condemnation of the principles upon
which the tariff act of 1846 left the revenue to be
collected will have greater weight than anything
I could say:
•'It >ou adopt the principle laid down by tho Supreme
Court, the same thip might brin? a cariro from the same
place and delner it at the *ame poit. But one part ol this
eanro having been purchased when the vessel sailed, and
the other before, say thirty da\ s, a« wa  done with the tion
in tne ease ot Thompson and Fornian ; and the s-amo aiti-
cle purchased at diifeient tun'^, hut delivered at tne >am«
moment, would be subject to different rates of duty. This
would not onh produce a great inequality between mail
and man. but would often afford an opportunity and temp-
tation lor fiaud, and make it very difficult for the appiai<ers
in a-eertaui what wa- the precise value of these good? at
thf  ume d i;>i2i!ated bv law for their estimation. Let us
take. b\ wavwof illustration, the case of port wine in the
w alehouses of London. Wine may have been kept there
miproMne, and after having been kept two or thr e years,
the unnorter. according to tin* decis-ion, would have to pay
dut\  or it according to it* ^alue at the time of puiehase
\s hen it wa* new, and thus, although he sold the old aiticle,
he w«>u!d have a great advantage over another importer
w ho bi.ught the atticie out of the warehouse and paid for it
the \alue at the time of importation.
" Acain • If w e were to adopt such a principle of valua-
tion a< tin-, the mamitaetuier would, m very many in-
stance-. ha\o the advantage in cairj mg on the import tiade_
u ith oin o\\ n comitn, and would probabh pos<e.-- himselt
of the lar«rt'Nt>haje. for such a mode of va'ution would ili*-
euiumaie in 1m favor. The manufacturer who has a steal
q'iatmt\ of good- on hand, and can wait, when the inaiket
i«= "lurted. until thev rtse in value, according to this decis-
ion could send ih«:m over here and pay duty ior them ac-
cording to their value at the tune of procurement, or by a
fictitious Silo transfer them to some consignee, or man of
straw . at a datf when prices were low er. He would thus
haw an advantac.' over the American importer which
would, to a meat extent, throw the business ot impoitation
into hi- hand*/'
TARirF ACT M VRCII, 1851.
It is almost impossible to describe ill stronger
terms the vicious principles of revenue m the tanii
art, wlnHi were left to us by the Congress of
1-lt; 'l'hev justify everv preJiction, every an-
iiouiiVeiiient of the Wli-s'of that day; and v.-hen
bv the decisions of the Supreme Court,
Conness immediately pro.-eeded to correct them;
and without the act of -March 3, 1851, a sufficient
revenue could not have been collected. Uiie new
tarnf act of March .1, ISol, provides that—
••ThP'K'tud j :ul,ot \alue.or wholesale price, at the
period of to the T'nited State* m the puncipal
markets of the country,'' (ot expoit,)
Shall be the real market value on which the duty
shall be levied in the United States custom-house,
to which shall be added—
" AH cosisand charges, except insurance, and including,
in every utse, a charge for cmnmis,sionsf at the u^ual rate*;,
as the ti ue value at tne port where the same may be entei ed,
upon which the duties shall be assessed."
This new tariff act gave the force of law to the
nullified Treasury circulars; nay, went further in
subsequent sections, by creating four traveling
appraisers to go from port to port, to secure, as
far as possible, an uniformity of duties in the ports
from Eastport, Maine, to Puget's Sound,in Oregon.
This act of 1851, is what the lawyers call a Con-
gressional cogno vit, to all the indictments of George
Evans and others, in the Congress of 1846. Under
the old Treasury circulars, issued against law, and
under this law alone has the tarilf of 1846 been
able to yield revenue enough to carry on the Gov-
ernment and to meet the public debt. The Treas-
ury circulars, however, have bequeathed to the
country hosts of law suits, fifty, it is said, in
New York alone, still undecided, such as that of
Thompson vs. Collector of Boston, and Griswold
vs. Collector of New York, with business incum-
bering the Federal courts, and running up the
already too great expenses of the Federal Judi-
ciary; and with hosts of demands for refunding
duties, the amount of which can be seen by glanc-
ing at the record and estimates of the Register of
the Treasury. I see at one hasty glance now
$439,588 in "repayment of duties on sugar and
molasses illegally exacted by collectors, refunded
under a decree of the courts, acquiesced in by the
Treasury Department;" and these, among other
such items, now swell up the apparent expendi-
tures of this Government!
But, say gentlemen on the other side, "if the
tariff of 1846, or what vou now call the tariff of
1851, yields revenue enough, and is high enough,
why demand any change in such a tariff? Why
complain of it^"*I have anticipated such a ques-
tion, and I afhi prepared to answer it now.
THE VICE OF THE SYSTEM.
The^Kential, radical, incurable defect of the
tariffs of 1846 and 1851 is the universal ad valorems,
and the principle of them, that establishes the duty
to be levied, upon the ever-fluctuating, ever-uncer-
tain foreign valuation. It is wrong, radically !:
wrong, that foreign nations should, in foreign in-
voices, make a universal Amencan tariff. And it «,
is a wrong that no stiff, stern legislation, no vio-
lent Treasury circulars, no tiavehng appraisers :
can ever cure. The tariff of 1851 has iollowed the ;
foreign invoice down to the place of export, and
affixed to it there all costs, and charges, and com- ,
missions—so far, well—but levying a duty upon a ,
Manilla, a London, or a Marseilles invoice, m a ,
Ne\v York custom-house, is, to a great extent, i
collecting American duties upon a foreign tariff, j
in Manilla, London, or Marseilles. It is impos- |
sible to inspire confidence in these foreign invoices, j
It is impossible to make an American merchant
believe that he is doing business on fair and equal j
terms with the London born, the Manilla born, j
and the Marseilles born merchant. It is impossi- ;
ble to know for a certainty in New York whether ;
or not the invoice is a real bona fide invoice, or if ;
so, whether or not it may not be under, or above, |
the general, actual, even real value of the goods in
the country of the export. It is impossible to find ■
appraisers that know every country, every pro- i
duction, every process of manufacture, every
price of everything, everywhere—and hence there
is a constant collision between merchant and ap- 1
praiser, between the Tieasury Department, and |
the business of the country. To make themselves ,
universal geniuses, or to qualify themselves to |
presume to know everything everywhere, I ven- ;
1 ture to say, you will find scarcely an appraiser !
! who does not*study a foreign price-current more !
! than he studies the tariff statutes of his own land, t
; and I am sure you will find Wilmer's European j
,! Times with its numerous prices-current (and not
! always correct ones) hung up m every appraiser's :
j oi&e fiom the Commissioner of the customs here
j in Washington eastward to Eastport, and west- ;
• waid to San Francisco. Wilmer's European ;
: Times is thus nracticallv the American revenue 1
! law of the land', and the" foreigner, who wants to ;
: amend the American statute to suit him. will re-
; sort to amending the prices-current sent from Liv-
| erpool to New York. " "Why quit our own, I ask,
! to stand on foreign ground ?" No other nation does
so. The British revised tariff of 1846, which has
so often been commended to us for imitation, col-
lects only <£38,000 ($182,000) per annum in a gross
receipt for customs of ^22,000,000 ($105,000,000)
for articles paying ad valorem duties, being less
than one fifth of one per cent, of this immense in-
come from imports! All Europe pursues a sim-
lar course.
The errors or frauds that do arise, and must
arise, from subjecting all the productions of the
earth to universal, horizontal advalorems cannot be
got over or got under, however much the attempt
may be made to avoid the facts that have been
maishaled in proof of the allegation. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in his report of Decem-
ber, 1850, exhibits irresistably-conclusive proof
m demonstration of them. He shows that prior
to the act of March, 1851, in New York and Bos-
ton alone, the appraisers advanced on theinvoices,
from January, 1849, to October 1, 1850, $4,098
in number, thus:
Whole number of advances in New York. .2,359
Whole number of advances in Boston 1,739
4,098
He shows, too, that in an importation of fruit
(oranges) shipped by the same house, from St.
Michaels to Philadelphia, New York, and Boston,
at Philadelphia they passed at the invoice value;
at New York the appraisers advanced it 75 per
cent.; and at Boston 92 per cent., and no objec-
tion or appeal was made by the importers. A
like extraordinary pimento case from the island of
Jamaica is set forth. Indeed, 1 might, with a little
research, go on and add an indefinite number of
like cases—but why prove appraisers are men,
and that their judgments must vary—and that thus
■ there must be a very unequal system of duties in
the wide-spread ports of this now vast Republic of
, States?
i But what is more ruinous to the commerce and
j industry of the countiy than all these various
i principles of universal ad valorems, is the ever-
j fluctuating basis of these foreign valuations, upon
j which our commerce and all our manufacturing
j industry are obliged to stand. As well stand man
: and labor, it seems to me, upon the rolling billows
j of the sea, in some frail bark, without chart or
i rudder, as stand man and labor upon ever-fluctu-
; ating foreign valuations in foreign ports. The
sliding corn laws of Great Britain have been,
throughout the world, universally condemned as
: defective in equity and sound principles of political
; economy; hut here is a sliding scale of duties in
. our country, based upon no home-made laws, but
upon foreign invoices, foreign valuations, which,
as they go up or down in Europe, go up or down
; in America. These sliding scales operate never
. favorably, as the British corn laws did; that is,
reducing duties when imports rise in price, but
; just the reverse; for when exports rise in price
in Liverpool or London, duties rise in rates in
New York, and the very moment the import
should be made as cheap as possible to the con-
sumer, from its rise in price abroad, that very
moment it is made dearer to the consumer by
additional duties at home. No duties at all are
better protection to labor at home than such
ever-fluctuating, sliding protection; for then labor
hopes for nothing, expects nothing, risks no-
thing, invests nothing. Iron, for illustration,
was, under the sufficient!y-piotective ad valorem
prices of the tariff of July and August, 1846,
tempted to hope on, to expect, to risk more rather
than to invest less; but as prices went down in Eng-
land and Wales, these tariff duties of 1846 went
down lower and lower here, until there is danger
that the leading iron interests of the country will be
annihilated, and that for this great necessaiy of life
we become altogether subject to foreign nations—
their power, and their caprice. If iron ever rises
in price abroad above the high prices of 1846, the
consumer will have to pay higher duties under
such an ad valorem tariff than ho paid under the
tariff of 184Q; so that when this great necessary
' of life may be most needed by the consumer here,
' to be got at the cheapest rate, higher duties at
i home come in and add themselves to higher prices
abroad. Our tariff system now, is one of high du-
ties at home oil high prices abroad, and of low
1 duties at home on low prices abroad. The first
is ruinous to the consumer; the second ruinous
to the home producer.
;! The tariff of 1846, carried out by the tariff of
