812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
1851, yields revenue enough, and, in my opinion,
more than enough. The country, under it, is
taxed as much as it ought to be, and more too.
The indictment I bring against the existing tariff
isa that it discriminates against American interests,
American industry, American labor, American
merchants—seldom or never in their behalf. One
count in that indictment is, that it exacts unneces-
sary duties upon raw materials coming into com-
petition with nothing American, and often an
equal or higher rate of duty on the raw material
than upon the manufactured article of which it is
composed. Another count m that indictment is
the fact, that these invariable, universal, horizon-
tal ad valorenis tempt to excessive importations be-
yond our means to pay, or to great fluctuations.
When foreign productsarelow,duties herearelow;
when higher duties would be better for the coun-
try, and when foreign products are high, duties
here are high, so that when we least want foreign
goods, from their excessive abundance, we have
the most of them; and, when we most want them,
we have to pay the most for them. The whole
system thus becomes vicious from beginning to
end-T^Vicious not only to industry and labor at
home, but vicious to commerce, vicious to the cur-
rency, vicious to exchanges, both foreign and do-
mestic, and constantly involving individuals in
alternate speculations and bankruptcies. TJnderit,
we Americans are taxing ourselves to carry on our
own Government as the capitalists, and the wages
of labor in great manufacturing mart5?, such as
Manchester, Birmingham, and Lyons may dictate.
Tke tariff, as a whole, I repeat, is, in the mam,
high enough, and the tariff of 1846, as it was
passed, under the then existing high ad valorenis,
was, in most articles, (if duties could have been
enforced upon honest ad valorem%) well enough;
but the vicious principle upon which it is based
will never be acquiesced in by an intelligent, indus-
trious people.
REVENUE FROM TF.XAS AXD THE TACiriC.
These aie some of the reasons why so many of
the people of this country demand a revision of
the existing tariff, a reduction or abolition of du-
ties upon some articles, and a modification of
others. But before I can thoroughly answer the
question, why the existing tariff has yielded so
much revenue, I must again ask attention to the
growth, prosperity, and increase of the country
since 1846. Texas, at that time, was not m a con-
dition of sufficient security to yield us any reve-
nue. Indeed, the now chief importing point in it,
Point Isabel, was then practically, if not theoret-
ically, under the Mexican Government. The du-
ties collected at Point Isabel,
Fiom July Ut, 18-19, to June 30th, 1P50, were... f&5,500 73
From hity Nr, TWO. to June 30th, l£*)l, were... 4.331 78
From Ju'y 1st, 1*51, to Juno 30th, l*,/2, wuie. ..TOO,.If)! 80
Tola! -£141,393 31
This is one port m Texas alone, beyond United !
States jurisdiction in 16-16,—but Texas impoita- j
tions are made chiefly in New York or New Or- !
leans; and no table, therefoie, can be prepared to j
show how much of our revenue Texas pays. [
The whole Pacific coast has been added to us |
since 1846, with the people of New Mexico, and i
others. San Francisco has now become the fourth !
or fifth importing city in the Union; being equal j
to, if even behind, New Orleans. I have a table i
before me which shows the receipts from customs, '
on account of duties on merchandise, tonnage, j
light-money, and marine hospital money in Cali- •
forma and Oregon, to be m afi, from November :
12, 1849, to December, 1851, $4,238,434. Thede- |
tails may be interesting: i
San Francisco—12th November to 3Iet De-
cember, 1849  .$216,452 82
San l-'ranei^co—12th November to 31st De-
eeinbei, 1850  1,750,646 80
San Pranci-co—1,2th Novembei to 31st De-
cember, 1851  2,146,791 58
Sonoma— 10th Januaiy to30th June, 1S5T..
San Joaquin—2oth Julv, 1*51, to 31tt Janu-
ary, ltio-2 
Sacramento—7th May to 3Ut DoJ 1S')1*
Ban Die^o—13tii January to 30th September
1851  ; 5
Montere\—7th March to 30th Ken'embet
iS'51. .*.   '
Oregon—3d Apnl, 1819. to 30th September
1S01    
$HJ13,«9! 26
12.917 15
231 19
1,112 4«
9,431 28
6,829 46
93,301 7b |
■$•4,038,4.54 58 !
These are some of the causes which have
swollen the importations, and consequently the
receipts from customs (June 30th, 1851,) up to
^49,017,5G7. If they have gone beyond the ex-
pectations of the Whigs m 1846, it was because
the tariff of 1846 had an unlawful substitute found
for it m the Treasury circulars of Mr. Walker,
and because of the great and unexpected increase
of the country geographically. Under all circum-
stances, as we grow numerically or geographic-
ally, we must buy more from abroad, and consume
more at home, always provided we can have the
means for purchase.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. "With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, who docs not, I presume, de-
sire to make his closing speech to-day, I will now
; move that the committee rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to say, that I un-
derstood this morning, when the agreement was
made, that there should be a speech from the gen- j
tleman from Arkansas, and also one from the |
gentleman from New York; that it was likewise i
agreed that a member of the Committee of Ways j
and Means should be allowed a portion of the 1
time to reply to the gentleman from Arkansas, in !
reference to the Indian estimates, which I shall j
not have time to investigate in my closing speech. !
If I was mistaken in that, I shall be glad to be i
corrected. i
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the :
House to decide that the debate should be closed
in two hours.
Mr. HOUSTON. From conversation with the
Speaker, [ find that I was mistaken.
The CHAIRMAN. The two hours have now
elapsed, and the gentleman from Alabama is enti-
, tied to the floor to close the debate.
; Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I understand
that the chairman of the Ways and Means desires
to postpone his speech until M^uay.
Mr. STANLY. Do 1 understand that the
chairman of the Committee of Way^A M eans
is unwilling to go on with his speech nPw r
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been appealed to to
postpone my speech by a great many gentlemen,
who say they are exhausted, and desire to adjourn
till Monday.
Mr. STANLY. We are exhausted every day,
but wa cannot help ouiselves. 1
Mr. POLK moved that the committee do now
rise.
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers; which were
ordered, and Messrs. Chandler and Mason ap-
pointed.
j And the question being put, it was decided in
! the affirmative—ayes 81, noes 66.
i The committee accordingly rose, and the Speak -
' er having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
' that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
! the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration , and particularly House bill No. 207,
, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STANLY. What is the report from the
committee :
The SPEAKER. Th^t the committee have
come to no conclusion on House bill No. 207.
Mr. STANLY. By the Democratic vote of
the House, ought to be added to the report, only
four Whigs voting with the eighty-one ayes in
favor of the rising of the committee.
Mr. POLK. Yes; by the Democratic vote.
We will take the responsibility.
On motion by Mr. POLK, the House then ad-
journed till Monday.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. PORTER £<tvc notice of abiJ] to provide for the
holding o) an additional term of the ciicuit court of the
United States for the district of Missouri.
PETITIONS, &c.
The following petition?, memotiuls, &c., weie presented
und^r the rule, and jeforrod to the appropriate committees :
15y Mr. STKVEX;">. of New York : The petition of the
heirs of Joseph Youne, deceased, pravmjr compensation
for the destjuction of piopeity dunng* the revoltmonaiy
w ar.
By Mi. BEXNKTT : The icmonftiancc of 130 citizens
of New Yoi k a«am-t the lenevwl of I'aiker's patent as to
itractjiig \\ at<i'"-'\vhe<'K
!',y Mr iL\MlLT< • The petition of Leonard Pn-km<i,
William Wiute, and other citizens of Ficdmck county.
Maiyland, a.-kitisr the establishment of a mail route from
Frederick cm, by way of Methanicstown and Mount St.
Mary's, to Emmittsburg, Maryland,
By Mr. GOODENOW : The zemon&tiance ofLeander
Daggett and other*, against the renewal of a patent to Aus-
tin and Zebulon Parkei for alleged improvements in re-
action water-wheel*.
By Mr. MOORE, of Louis-iana: The petition of John
Bo>d. piaying to be wanted the right of preemption to a
tract of land m the •'< Bastiop Giant," Louisiana.
Also, a ie^olut«on of the General Assembly of the Slate
of Louisiana, relative to the establishment of a post road
fiorn the mouth of Red nrerto Burr's Feny on the Sabine
river.
By Mr. FAULKNER: The memorial of RobeitM. Wade
and others, citizens of Clarke county, Vuginia, remonstra-
ting against the extension of trie Woodwoith patent.
Also, tne petition ot numerous citizens of Springfield,
Mas!-achus.etis, prajing foi the abolition oftlie mihtarj and
the restoration of the civil supermtendency at the national
armones.
By Mr. SCUDDER: Tiie petition of "Lewis Crosby, of
Massachusetts, owner ot the Briti&h tehooner Oaioline,
asking that she may be admitted to registry undei the laws
of the United State=.
By Mr. CURTIS: The petition of sundry citizens of
Clauon count}-, Pennsylvania, piaying for an mcieased
duly on non.
liy Mr. EDGERTON : The memorial of thecountv ofti-
ccis and other citizens of William-* county, Ohio, praying for
the passage of a law authorizing the re&urve.v of the town-
ships of St. Joseph, Centre, and Pulaski, in Wd county.
Also, from citizens ot Putnam and Van Wert counties,
for a mail route tiom Fmdley, via Vaughnsville, Delphos,
Van Wert, to Foit Wayne, Tnaiann.
By Mi. PRICE: The menional of Pike Duryce. John
M.Lawience, Stephen Codit & Co., W. Johnson &. Co.,
Harves & Bolles, and others, merchants, masters of ves-
sels, and pilots interested in the navigation of the Passaic
rivei, and the haibor of Newark, praying the establishment
of additional beacons arid lights, and of a new fog-bell at
the Pa«saic light house.
By Mr. BISSELL : The memorial of the Piesident of the
Terre Haute-Raiiroad Company, praying tor agrant of land
m aid of the construction of said road.
Al-o. the memorial of Ephraim , a soldier in the
war of 1812, for a pension.
By Mr. SCHOOLCRAFT: The petition of E. Carning
and other citizens of Albany New Yoik. asking toi a fur-
ther appropriation to the Collins line of steamers.
By Mr TAYLOR: Tne petition of J W. Laird and
Thomas R. Matthews, of Jackson eountv, Ohio, praying
Const to giant them additional compensation, as assist-
ant marshals foi taking the Seventh Census.
By Mi. MILLSON : The petition of Nathaniel Riddick,
adiniinitiator of Richard Taylor, a captain in the war of the
Revolution, praying for commutation pay.
By Mi. WELCH : The petition of 11. S. Vanhorn and
Elijah Hutton, of j\XeigT( county, Ohio, asking additional
compensation, as assistant marshals in taking the Seventh
Census.
j IN SENATE.
• Monday, March 22, 1859.
j Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
| MAIL CONTRACTS.
I The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Navy, c.om-
! I mumcating, in compliance with a resolution of the
j; Senate, information m relation to contracts for the
II transportation of the mails by sieain-ships between
!' New York and California., "which was ordered to
ii be laid on the table and printed.
j; PETITIONS, ETC.
if The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a petition of inhabitants of "Washington
I county, Pennsylvania, praying that the transport-
■ ation of the mails on Sunday may be prohibited
j: by law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of the
heirs of Andrew Fink, an officer in the revolution-
ary war, praying- commutation pay: which was
!j referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
j Also, a petition of citizens of Albany, New
| York, praying that the bill giving further remedies
to patentees may become a law; which was re-
II fened to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
I Office.
I' Also, three petitions of citizens of New York,
praying an extension of Wood worth's patent for
i a planing machine; which were referred to the
, Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
;• Also, a petition of citizens of the United States,
; praying that the public lands may be transferred
; to the States on condition of their being granted
to actual settlers free of cost; which was referred
1 to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, a communication from Lewis H. Sand-
ford, requesting that copies of the Journals and
, documents of Congress, and of the Laws, may be
furnished to the Library of the Faculty of Advo-
cates, and the Library of the University of Edin-
burgh; which was referred to the Committee on the
; Library.
j Mr. GEYER presented a petition of citizens of
i St. Louis county, Missouri, remonstrating against
