185^.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
the homestead bill until some day beyond to-
morrow.
The SPEAKER. Tt can.
Mr. STANLY. Then I appeal to the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to give way and
let that motion be made. It will give us two or
three days more upon the deficiency bill.
Mr. JONES. 1 yield for that purpose, but it
will require a suspension of the rules.
Mr. STANLY. Then I move that the special
order fixed for to-morrow—being the homestead
bill—be postponed.
The SPEAKER. Until when ?
Mr. STANLY. Until any time the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Johnson] wishes. Say "till
Thursday next."
Mr. HAMILTON. No; say, "until the defi-
ciency bill shall he disposed of."
Mr. STANLY. Very well, then, say until the
deficiency hill is disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think we had better have
this matter definitely arranged. And as a great
deal is said about the pressure for the passage of
the deficiency bill, and about the drafts of the
Government being protested, and all that, I am
■willing that the homestead bill shall be postponed
until to-morrow week. It seems to me that after
the length of time which has already been devoted
to the deficiency bill, a week more will be suffi-
cient to dispose of it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the post-
ponement of the special order fixed for to-morrow,
until to-morrow week ?
Mr. SMART. I object.
Mr. STANLY. Then I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to submit my motion.
The question being put, the rules were sus-
pended, and the motion of Mr. Stanly was then
put and agreed to.
So the homestead bill was postponed until to-
morrow week.
The question then recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Jones, to suspend the rules for the purposeof
introducing a motion to suspend for to-day the one
hundred and thirty-seventh rule of the House.
A Member. What will be the effect of that
motion ;
The SPEAKER. It will be to bring the House
to a call of the States—beginning with South Car-
olina—for resolutions, and for bills of which pre-
vious notice has been given, but neither of which
to give rise to debate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and being
taken, the result was—yeas DO, nays 73—as fol-
lows:
YEAS5 Mp^ra, Aiken, Willis Allen, John Appleton,
A\erftt,Tbo<. H. Bajlv, Beaie, Bibigliaus, Ki?sell, Bocock,
Bra-ji. A G. Drown, Biifby, Ca^kie, Ohurchwell, Clark.
(Mi-iVfiiaii. Cobb, Gallons, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson,
P.mMiic k, Doc-kerv.Uuncan, Dunham, Edimmd^on, Faulk-
ner Fn'Miu. rnoh.J&'emfm. Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gam-
ble.'I. H.ith l®miUon. Hammond. NJiam G Hani?,
S«untw>n W Harris Heudncks Hen . Jlillyer, Holla-lay,
Houston. Howard. Thomas M. Howe. Irtt'orsoH. Jack-on,
Audiew Johnson. James Johnson, John Johnson, Robert
W. Joi.n^n, Ooure W Jones, J. Glnnoy Jones. Kuitz,
Letcher M.see. Edward C. Marshall, MeC'oikle, McDon-
ald MeLfiah.m, McMulhn. McXair, McQueen. Meade,
Mifl-on John Moore. Moiehead, MoiriM>n. Xabers, Olds,,
\mir w' Parker. i'help-. Pow ell. Puce. Ricltaid-on. Riddle,
kotii.Hi-, Ri.bi'i.-on. Oilmen i5 Seymom, Skelton. sSnntb,
IVmanun Stanton, Fredeiiek P. Stanton, Riehaid H. Stan-
ton, Abraham P. Stevens, Stone. St. Maihn, Stiothe^ Stu-
aif" (IcOT^e W. Thoinp>on. Venablu. Wallace. W.ihh,
Ward, W.itkms.. Wilcox, Wddnck. \Vilhom«, ami Wooii-
w;it d—99
V VVS—Messrs. Allison, William Appleton. Babcock.
lianeie iJarlh'U. Bennett, Bowie, Bienton, Bionk-'. Ucorse
II. Bioivii. IlHcll. tlunmv*. E. Cairiiifrtim Cabctl. .lor-cph
Cubic n Campbell, Oliandlei, Chapman, Cleve-
land, Holv. DnrKee, Eastman. Eitoiton, Evans, Floyd.
Toiler He"r\ M Pulli-r, t;rntiy.liooiIim w,Grpy,C,r.™-,
Tl.n.er ll.m'-. Haven. Hihh.ml. Horsfoid, TUoma-; 1.
llnvl iypv, Ji nUin-. Darnel T. Jones. Geoiae G Ki «,
P.e-irm Km", kulni-. Mann. Manin. Mc.ieluni. Miner,
Mol.mv, He in I). Mooie, Mima;. Xewtt.n. Orr, Miinnel
l'-irk-'i IVaslee, Penmman, Peikin^. Potter,
Saeket!, St-il   Selionleraft, HHioonrnnker, Seurt-
de! IMvid li- Sewnnnr. ^now, Stanly. Taylor,
Tln'n-!"il. Tovni-ll.'nd, Tilek% Welch. \\ ells, Addison
While. Alexander Wlule, and Yates-—T3.
So the rules were not suspended.
Thr SI'^VKER, The business in order
is i lie e"l! for resolutions fioni the State of Illinois.
Mr horSTO.X. I move that the rules be sus-
pended and the House resolve itself iulo the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the slate of the Union.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 ask the gentleman from
Alabama to allow me to offer a resolution which,
if adopted, will do much to expedite the business
of the House. I ask that it may be read for in-
formation, and then gentlemen can object to it
if they see fit.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, Thatthe standing and other committees of the
House be hereby authorized to hand in their reports, to the
CJerk of the House, to be by him entered on the Journal,
and placed on die docket, or list of bills, in the order 111
, which they may be presented to him, under the direction of
} the Speaker, to be acted upon by the House, reserving
| to the committees, in special cases, authority to make re-
{ poits to the House. And the clerk shall have all such re-
; po/t-> and accompanying papers printed, under direction
j oi the committee \Viuch reports uiem, lor the u>e 01 the
] Hou e.
! Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
! the House, I will oiler a remark or two upon the
' resolution.
\ Mr. HOUSTON. It is not in order for the
'■ gentleman to debate it; if he does it will have to
I go over.
| Mr. WILLIAMS. Weil, I will not debate it.
| I desire to get it before the House. During this,
j now nearly four months, session, seven weeks have
j transpired, 111 winch there has been no general
| call of the standing committees for reports. Now,
! I desire to provide that committees may report at
1 any time, by filing them with the Clerk, and under
i the direction of the Speaker, to be referred to a
j Committee of the Whole House, or the Committee
' of the Whole on the state of the Union. This
• will give committees an opportunity to report. I
: hope I shall have the unanimous consent of the
j House to introduce the resolution.
Mr. STANLY. I object.
!■ Air. HOUSTON. I now insist upon my mo-
il tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on the
i, state ot the Union.
j! The question was put, and the motion was
j| agreed to—ayes 92, noes 36.
j1 DEFICIENCY BILL.
ij The House accordingly resolved itself into the
;i Committee of the Whole on the state of the
j: Union, (Mr. Stuart m the chair.)
;; The CHAIRMAN. The first business in order
|! is House bill No. 207, being a bill to supply de-
i' ficienciesin the appropriations for the service of
j! the fiscal year, ending the 30th of June, 1852, upon
!' which the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
1 ton] is entitled to the floor.
I' Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, it will be
;! impossible for me, within the hour allowed me,
i; to take up every item that is in the bill now under
j consideration, and give it even a very brief expla-
I nation. I wiJlnot, therefore, occupy the timeot the
i committee in enumetatmg all the separate items
I in the bill. But I shall rely upon being able to do
'• so, with the assistance of the other members of
i the Committee of Ways and Means, when we go
:* into the five minutes' debate upon the bill, if they
1 shall be assailed.
]\ The mam items in this bill, which seem likely to
j obstruct its speedy passage, are the items to winch
! I now desire to call the attention of the commit-
| tee, and I have no doubt they will consume all the
tnm^shall have.
%]jf[ will be well for me, however, first to call the
(mention of the committee to an item of £279,517
which appears m the bill, and which, without an
! explanation, might seem to have been regaided by
1 the Committee of W ays and Means as a deficien-
, cy, when, m truth, it is not a deficiency. That
, item amounts to ^279,517, and has been reported
i m this bill by the Committee of Ways and Means
for the purpose of having Congress pass a law au-
j thorizing the subsitence department to use that
! amount m advance of the passage of the regular
| armv appropriation bill. 1 he committee regarded
this course as proper, and intended to enable the
department to use that amount m the months of
' March and Apr. 1, in the purchase of supplies for
the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1&53, that the
1 department might be enabled to have them in a
' state of forwardness to meet the demands at the
beginning of that fiscal year. Again, that is the
best season of the year for making purchases.
' This was recommended by the department, and the
"committee concurred in the recommendation. It
is no increase of the appiopnation, but a mere
' authority to use that sum in advance of the regu-
' lai at my appropriation. The committee deducted
that sum from the estimates for the subsistence
, department, in the regular army appropriation
bill. So it will be seen that this, in truth, is not
a deficiency.
In the discussion upon this bill ,T desire to state
all the facts that bear upon the appropriations
asked for the quartermaster's department (which
are the main items in controversy) as fairly and
distinctly to the House as I can.
In the beginning of this investigation it becomes
proper for me to ask, how and why does this de-
ficiency exist in that department of the Govern-
ment? Now, I may be answered in one of two
ways. In the first place, gentlemen may tell me
that the deficiency exists because a sufficient
amount of money was not given to that branch of
the service. Admit, if you please, that the an-
swer is a true one, the question then arises, " who
is responsible to the country for the failure to ap-
propriate the money necessary for the service of the
country?" In answer to that argument, we have
but to refer to the Journals of the last Congress,
and there you will find that the proposition to reduce
the estimates of the Administration now in power,
came from one of its leading and distinguished
friends upon this floor. The political party with
which I am connected did not propose that reduc-
tion, but it was proposed by prominent members
of that party who ar£ the particular friends of the
Administration; thereby saying to the Democrats
of the House and the country, " we can get along
with less money than these estimates call for—we
don't want that large amount—we can administer
the Government with the one half of that sum."
Under these circumstances, the Democrats are not
responsible for the present deficiencies. The re-
sponsibility is on the other side of the House.
When the friends of the Administration get up
and say, *• we want these estimates reduced," is it
the duty of the Democrats to say they shall not
be reduced, and thereby force upon the party in
power more money than they want? Or is it
their duty to vote the reduction ? If I had been
here I should most certainly have voted in accord-
ance with the request of the friends of this Ad-
ministration in reducing the amount below the es-
timates. If I had done otherwise, they might have
said 1 was trying to force them into large expend-
itures. It then becomes apparent that whatever
responsibility rests upon Congress for this defi-
ciency, rests not upon the Democrats, but upon the
friends of the Administration, and they should be
the last to complain that the supplies were insuffi-
cient.
But I pass from that, and inquire, in the next
place, are there any abuses existing in the expend-
iture of the public money in the service of the
quartermaster's bureau ' Tn answering that ques-
tion, I shall be compelled to say, that whatever
member who has looked into the subject knows, as
well as I do, that there have been and are now
enormous abuses existing in that department.
The first abuse to which I desire to call the at-
tention of this committee, is that growing out of
the improper location of the \anous posts around
our frontier; but, I am glad to pay, that in many
of these things the present Secretary of War
shows a disposition and determination to amend,
i and to prevent these abuses in future. Some of
| the posts are located in towns and villages, and
J other improper places—inconvenient to water, fuel,
i grazing, and forage of al! kinds—and, as a legiti-
! mote consequence of such improper location, they
' have to haul wood, water, hay, grain, and all
1 supplies, a great distance, and at enormous prices,
j One of the posts in New Mexico is established
; in Santa Fo, and is a most extravagant place—a
! place where all the supplies for the army, where
i all the forage, and everything that keeps up the
j army—men and horses—costs considerably more
i than it would have cost had the post been located
j nearer to the frontier, and in a place more conve-
j ment for supplies of every description.
! I mention only this one post: I might mention
j many others, to which t'-ese remarks would ap-
• ply with equal force. Colonel fevvords, wno be-
' longs to the quartermaster's department, reports
! that some half dozen of these expensive and un-
suitable posts have been abandoned, and new sites
! }ld-\ e been selected more convenient to the frontier,
as well as to such supplies as the army needs and
must Iwvq.
Another item of abuse, to which I call the atten-
!, tion of the committee, is m the manner of making
[ contracts for the supplies for the army. Con-
|! traefs are made by the subsistence department, in
