816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22.
pursuance of a law to that effect, and under the
direction of the Secretary of War. Those sup-
plies are veiy often, if not always, contracted to
be delivered at points very remote from the place
where they are to be used. Supplies intended for
the post at San Antonio, on the border of the
Texan frontier, are delivered and received at Bal-
timore, Philadelphia, and New York, thereby in-
creasing the distance, and of course the cost of
transportation, to a very large extent. The cost
of transportation is one of the heavy items that
draws upon, and to a large extent absorbs, the
money appropriated to the quartermaster's bu-
reau.
But there is another thing. We find not only
that the contracts to deliver these supplies at dis-
tant points, not only increase the cost of trans-
porting them to the points of consumption, but
that another abuse arises out of it: and that is in
the manner of packing up the provisions and sup-
plies preparatory to their being received *>y the
quartermaster's department. In many cases pro-
vrsions are packed up in cases or barrels weighing
one third as much as the provisions or supplies
themselves. This is an astonishing fact, yet'it is
nevertheless true. To sustain this statement, I
will read an extract from the report of Colonel
Swords to the quartermaster general;
'• As a uieau-5 o) reducing the expenses, I would sussc^t
the proper packing or the subsistence ?tores. Laige quan-
tities of bacon and hard bread have been sent out parked
i.i heavy baueh,the weight of the barrel bemsj as foitv five
to one hundred and eighty-five of the bacon, and a«< tlurtv-
five to ninety-five of the hard biead. Of the latter article,
very little if any should be sent out, flour being much more
convenient to pack, and geneially prepared by the men.
Hard bread nniriit be made m the couutiy when neces<arv
I would aNo Migaest that the flour and bacon >-cnt from the
Missouri frontier be puichased at FoitLeavenwoithinstead
of at St. Louis*, the noi^hboihood of Fort Leavenworth
furnishing Mipplies of as good qnahtv, and at a* cheap
iate« as they can be pmchased at St. Loui«. This coinse
would >ave th°. expose of its tiam-poitation up the .Mis-
souri, aud avoid the usk of its being lostor damaged on the
way.*'
Now, sir, we have not only to pay transporta-
tion upon everything weactualiy use, for that great
distance, but we absolutely pay, in the case of
hard bread, transportation upon ninety-five pounds
of bread and upon thirty-five pflunds of wood,
which contains it. Now, it seems to me that there
is no economy in this, but great, abuse; for more
than one thud of the cost of transportation is paid
lor transporting that which is of no earthly use
when it reaches its destination.
I am inquired of, who is responsible for those
abuses? I intend to show, before I take my seat,
where that responsibility rests. The quartermas-
ter has no discretion upon that subject. He is
bound to receive the supplies where they are
deliverable and delivered, under the contract,
and it is before us in the repoit of the quarter-
master general, that, in transporting these pro-
visions to the place where they are needed, from
fifteen to twenty per cent, of them are spoiled, or
so damaged that they are condemned as unfit for
use, #nd have to be sold at a great loss or thrown
away entirely. I will read a statement from Bre-
vet Captain A. W. Bowman, to show the amount
of subsistence stores condemned at Paso del Norte,
Texas fiom the 1st day of October, 1849, to July
31st, 1851: ,
3 barrels and 68 pounds of poik.
pounds of bacon.
TjOSd,1^ pound- of ham'.
barrels and 173 pounds of flour.
394 pounds of haid b;ead.
3 bushels and 7 quaiteiij of beans. ;
517 p<mriu- of hop
96 pounds of corTee. ;
1*3 pounds of suonr.
1*2 pounds ot caudles.
4 qunits of salt !
114 <f<illon^ of pu-k3°s.
Of iho bacon n-ffiv-'d from Captain Coburn :
Pan^IIh7,arlo,*2.006 lb-., i-^u^d to Copt John®*, condemned.
I) na \na 5.4C0 Hi-. , issued to Lieut. Tre\ itt. condemned. >
Copper lmhp,4.3,) 1 lb-.,is-ued to Lieut Gieen. condemned. 1
I could read other reports and statements equal- '
ly strong and pointed, but I have not the time,and 1
1 merely refer to this as a sample of the manner ,
in which this department of the public service is '
bein£ carried on.
I hen, Air. Chairman, there is another great :
abuse that ha* creptjnto the serwee. It is to be '
j' unu in tup h':r.i price paid for 10retire of every
deNcri'>tiou. IV c have, in some instances, paid
fifty dollars a ton for hay. In a country abound- ■
>mrm grass, we have paid thirty, forty, and as I
high as fifty dollars a ton for hay, as food* for i
horses, and that, too, made out of thegrass grow-
ing in the woods, which our tioops would have as
tnuch right to cut and save as any one else. All
must admit that there is great wrong in this. But
this abuse is not confined to hay alone. You may
take grain of every description, and the prices paid
for it are enormous. Take, also, the article of
fuel, I mean wood, cut from the woods in which
the posts ought to be located, if they are not; and
what do we find ? Some of the posts are so loca-
ted that the wood has to be hauled thirty or forty
miles. Is not that an extraordinary state of things ?
| Let me read an extract from the report of Colonel
I Swords:
I tlT proceeded to Albuqueique, the station of one company
of dlagoons and one company ot infant!y, for whoso accom-
, niodation quarters were hired at the rate" of $215 per month.
i (See page No. 4.) The expenses at this post weie laige,
| owing to it^ position. Fuel had to be hauled from twenty-
\ five to thirty miies, and some ot the corn iroin thntyto thir-
: ty-five miles. The pi ice of the corn ranging, at the crib,
! nom one dollar tdxty cents to two dollais eighty cents per
buyheJ, and the puce ot toddar from one doilm fifty cents to
' two dollais pei one hundw d pounds. In addition to the dra-
; goon hoises and mules, theie were one bundled and ten
1 mules and seven horses requiung to be fed on the forage
purchased at those high lates."'
; Now, it seems to me that when the command-
ing officer has the whole country in which to se-
! lect a site for a post,it would, at least, seem prop-
; er that he should locate it near to places where
; he could get his supplies, of every description, with
i more convenience, and at a more reasonable rate
, of cost.
I Mr. HALL, (interrupting.) I wish to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Committee of
| Ways and Means. He has read a statement of
I the amount paid in New Mexico for hauling corn
! under this Administration. I will ask the gentle-
, man how much it cost the Government per man to
i furnish the volunteers with forage during the war
i with Mexico, when those volunteers werestationed
in New Mexico? Did it cost the Government a
1 single" cent -
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not prepared to an-
' swer that question distinctly, for I have not the
data before me.
Mr. HALL. I will ask the chairman of the
Committee of "Ways and Means, how much it
now costs the Government of the United States to
supply each horse in the dragoon service in New
Mexico? I ask if it does not cost three or four
hundred dollars n year?
Mr. HOUSTON. The reported cost of the
keep of one mule in Mexico is $320 a year, but
in that, the gentleman from Missouri will find by
reference to the table, was included many other
things besides the mere feed of the mule. With the
permission of the gentleman I will refer to the table
estimated.
Rsiimute of rosf of the keep of one mule for one year on
gmln cxclu^iie of other forage.
Eight quiit' per dav, 335 days,is 90^ bushels at.^...^l81 00
One feam-tfi fot my nmloc, at pei month and a""
lanon. is .•337-1—lake one sixth prut  6*2 00
One wa^on-ma-tei to fifteen w««;on<, at stfO per
month and a ration, i* n79-2, and the- keep of his
hoise £1 ^7=^97.-5, is *65 per wagon, or per mule, 10 50
rameiy, im-diemc, &c  ]3 50
Wear, tt-ar, losso by death, di-<il>jlitj, t'xiien^s m
evtra of heiding during disability—ton per cent.
on eo*t,  
$275
;■ The above was an approximate estimate of the cost
; ot keep .'d a mule, mentioned tn mj commuiiiea-
,j tion to the quaitermaner general, but corn c<-.n-
'1 not be bougiit at on the aveiage: it should be
i; .*2 50—add to above    45 00
00
L. C. EASTOiV,
Ca-itnin, Quaiterma&ter. |
Mr. HALL. 1 only wish to ask the chairman ;
of theCommitteeofWays and Means, if heknows :
of any sood reason why it should cost the Gov- ;
eminent nothing for forage in the war with Mex- ;
ico, while it now costs ^3:20 to support a horse m 1
Npw Mexico m time of pcace 5 :
Mr. HOL^STON. Mr. Chairman, I will notice \
those points as i piogjess with my remarks.
When the honorable gentleman interrupted me, I ;
was remarking upon the cost at one of the posts
selected, and which has since been abandoned. I
was remarking upon the great expense of carrying
corn and hnnhn? fuel and all such articles—articles '
which cost the Government large amounts. Some
of the posts are located so far from water, that
they have to keep a four-horse team, and at one, li
! I believe, a six-horse team, constantly employed
, m hauling water for the supply of the troops.
: Now, sir, it seems to me that, this is a great abuse,
and an extravagant waste of the public money. I
, must, however, proceed a little more rapidly, or I
: shall not be able to conclude my remarks in the
; time allowed me. My friend from South Carolina
[Mr. Orr] asks me who is responsible for these
; abuses, who is responsible for this waste of the
; public money? My mind, sir, is made up upon
that subject. I have an opinion as to this respon-
■ sibility, and upon whom it rests, and in that opin-
ion I differ materially from the gentleman from
■ New York, [Mr. Brooks,] who addressed the
' committee on Saturday last, and I differ materially
! from many gentlemen who expiessed an opinion
at the last Congress, the debates of which 1 have
! recently read, it was stated by some gentlemen at
j the lastsittingof Congress, that General Jesup was
' responsible. I have come to a very different con-
] elusion. Let us see what is the authority and re-
: sponsibihty of the quartermaster general. What
does he do upon which the responsibility can be
fixed upon hirn ? lie has to furnish the transports-
1 for all the supplies that are intended and purchased
1 for the army, and also for the army itself. Can he
1 direct that the supplies which are to be delivered at
' New York by the contractor, under the the terms
; of this contract, shall be sent to San Antonio or
| Indianolo ? Most certainly not; nor can he direct
i the subsistence department to make contracts for
i articles deliverable at those points. The quarter-
master general has no control over the contracts
made, or to be made, for the subsistence of the
army. No, sir; these contracts are made by an-
other and different officer of the Government.
They are made by the subsistence department,
under the direction, if necessary, of the Secretary
of War, and he is responsible for the contracts,
| and not the quartermaster general. The quarter-
I master general is bound to receive the barrels with
j the proportions, two pounds of hard bread and
! one pound of wood wherever the terms of the con-
' tract require the delivery to be made, and is bound
to transfer them, wood and all, at the best price
he can. For that, then, he is not responsible. I
' repeat the question, for what is he responsible?
Does he control the location of the posts? He
! certainly does not. I understood the gentleman
! from NewYork as attempting to show, under the
: regulations of the army, that the quartermaster
I general did locate those posts.
Mr. BROOKS. No; that is not so.
! Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; I will take that
! back. He is agreed with me upon that subject,
j that the responsibility of the location of these posts
, is with the Secretary of War, who is one of the
: Executive officers of the President of the United
■ Slates. It is suggested to me that it is the com-
1 manding officer who is responsible; but I beg leave
to read the regulation, No. 970, which settles that
point.
A Member. Read it.
Mr. HOUSTON. The regulaTio/i js as follows:
| 970. "No barracks, quaiter--. 01 ho^p'tnls, «hnl! i>p erect-
ed at the public expense, but by order of the Secsetaiy of
Wai, and accoiding to plaiw winch he ^hall have appioved ;
and no ofilcei, whatsoever ma\ he I11? rank, slmll make the
^hghte-t alteiation m any plan of bariacks, quaiters or hos-
pital, co approved, without the ordei of the gi'cretaiv
War, communicated through the quauenua=tei geneial.
flie-c re-lrietions* do m>t extend to tempoiaiv hut^ where
tioops may be compelled, bv the unheahhine-s ot then po-
rtions, to leave their quaiter* durm<{the>unmtei season, or
wheie, fiom the circuin*t<moe* of the >emce, tuey nwj be
required to occupy po-ition^ on the Indian frontier, in ad-
vance of the established po^ts.''
Well, sir, it will be observed that this regulation
fixes the entire responsibility upon the Secretary
of War. Regulations 971 and 971, by a recent
regulation of the Secretary of Yv~ar, are attempted
to be rigidly enforced. I would like to read the
refutation just referred to, but I have, unfortu-
nately, mislaid it. It evidences a determination on
the part of the present Secretary of War to stop
this great source^of impropriety and abuse, and if
I had not mislaid it, T would feel it due, as an act
of justice to him, to read it. So there is clearly no
responsibility 011 the quartermaster general here.
But let us press this matter a little further. One
ot the abuses to which I called ihenttention of the
committee particularly, and to which I will refer
briefly, is that of renting quarters and barracks at
the various posts at such enormous sums. Why,
sir, rents are paid at some of the posts which it
seems to me must astonish every persoa who hears
I, wtuc
Y
ilano/i
