818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
to sympathize with us in the movement; to be
successful and do good to the country, we must
have a responsive feeling from the other end of the
avenue. We may cut off estimates. We have
the powertodo it, but we never may know whether
we cut precisely right, deep enough, not too deep,
and whether we are not striking' at an estimate we
should not touch, unless we have a responsive and
hearty cooperation from the Executive branch of
the Government. The estimates are made and laid
upon our desks, but what do we know about
them? What can we know about them? With
their estimates they give us their reasons, and we
scan them, we investigate them;and do everything
with the view of making them correct. If we find
that we cannot show that they are improper, we
make the appropriation, and we should make it.
If we do not make the appropriation, we are told
that we are disposed to trammel the Administra-
tion. If we do make them, we are told that Con-
* gress is, and the Administration is not, responsible
forthem. Then,I repeat, what I have before said,
that the estimates of the department form a prima
facie case.
But, Mr. Chairman, what are the estimates ?
They are mere approximates of the amount that
will be necessary to expend under the various heads
of appropriation. They are not fixed and cer-
tain, and it is not unreasonable that deficiency
bills might be supposed necessary. I do not in-
tend to disagree in the main with the gentleman
from New York, on that point. You call upon
the quartermaster general to make estimates, and
how does he meet that call ? Hegets information
from all of his officers on the long extended line of
frontier, as his judgment may direct. You must
remember that he is estimating not for his own
conduct—he is estimating what will be the ex-
penditures of other men. He cannottell how many
troops are to be at San Antonio, how many are to
be at New Mexico; nor can he know how long
they are to remain at either place, because the Com-
mander-in-Chief has the power to take them from
point to point as he pleases. Now were he to
kuow that one hundred men will be stationed
in one place for the whole of the year, he might,
probably, estimate with a proper degree of accu-
racy; but when that one hundred men are placed at
another point, fifty brought to another point and fif-
ty from there and put here—scatter and move them
about, as is done by your commanders, it is entire-
ly beyond the control of the quartermaster general
'to make accurate estimates. What is an appro-
priation? Let us ask that question; each one for
himself answer it, and see the responsibility that
grows out of it. Estimates form a distinct thing
of themselves, and create their own responsibili-
ties. An appropriation by the Congress of the
United States is the giving to the Executive a per-
mission to expend a given sum of money for a
given purpose. We do not tell him that he shall
expend the money thus appropriated. We do
not tell him that he shall give $100,000 for this
and $50,000 for that object. We give him per-
mission to expend those sums upon those objects,
if, in his judgment, the money ought to be so ex-
pended. An appropriation serves to check or
restrain within limits the expenditures, never to
increase them; and I take it that ail parties will
agree with me that the Executive is alone respon-
sible for his expenditures, and not Congress—
Congress neither expends the money nor does it
require the President to do it—Congress passes a
law by which it allows him to do it, if the public
good requires it. An honest Executive—and I
would like to believe all are honest—a faithful
Executive—one who is disposed to do his whole
duty to his country, it seems to me, would not like
to extravagantly expend the money that he has
the permission to expend, but that he would look
to the wants of the country, and whenever the :
country wanted less than the appropriation he !
would feel it his duty to make the expenditure N
proportionately less—I mean that he will not go i:
up to the appropriation merely because he has '!
power to do it. Can it be possible that the Pres- ij
ldent of the United States, who has the rii'lit to [|
expend $50,000 or $100,000, will say, " It is true
1 have expended that money, and it is true that it i:
was not necessary,but you are responsible, having ' '■
given me the power to expend it. I knew it was
wrong, but did it because I could ?" If he knew
that it was wrong, it was a violation of duty and
gpod faith in him in making the expenditure.
Here I wish, to say half a dozen words upon
the blunders the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] has endeavored to esiablish upon Presi-
dent Polk's administration as to estimates and de-
ficiencies. Now, I agree with the gentleman, that
estimates are approximates, in some sort, as to the
amount that will be required under the various
heads of expenditures; but then thegentleman did
not do Mr. Polk's administration justice when he !
attempted to establish, before this committee, that j
that Administration had estimated for large defi-
ciencies which had been estimated for previously.
Now, take up all the bills of which he spoke, and
examine what they are. The one of the 8th of
May, 1846, five days previous to the war with
Mexico, was called a deficiency for that year.
Our relations with Mexico had, become of that
delicate and interesting character that indicated to
the Administration that war might soon break out,
and consequently large numbers of troops were
directed towards the frontier of Texas and Mex-
ico, which made it necessary, therefore, in May,
of 1846, for the administration to ask for money j
to defray the expenses consequent upon that !
movement; those items of expenditure had not •
previously been estimated for. It was no de-1
ficiency, in point of fact, because the troops had
been ordered to the frontier, to defend Texas,
after the^regular army bill had passed, in which j
there had been no estimate to cover those expenses.
Then there were large deficiencies, the gentleman
says, m the bill of 1847. I ask the gentleman to
refer to and examine that bill. I ask every mem-
ber of this committee to refer to it; by doing so
they will find, as is the case with all the other bills
of that Administration during that war, that the
estimates were made not in truth as deficiencies,
and for objects previously estimated for, but they
were made for troops for which estimates had not
been previously made. I am utterly astonished
that the honorable gentleman from New York
[Mr. Brooks] did not note it, and state it in his
comments.
Mr. BROOKS. I was interrupted by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who asked
me if there were not fifty thousand volunteers
called into service? Those fifty thousand volun-
teers were called into service, when war was de-
clared in 1846.
Mr. HOUSTON. Not at all. The President
of the United States had discretion to call out
fifty thousand volunteers, but he did not call them
all out at that time.
Mr. BROOKS. But he made his estimates.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken;
he made no estimates for them till he called them
out, and he called them out in different numbers
and at different times, and the very bill to which
the gentleman has referred shows the fact. In
the language of the law making an appropriation,
what the gentleman calls a deficiency is shown to
exist, upon an item which had not previously been
estimated for by the Administration. I regret that
my friend from New York [Mr. Brooks] thought
fit not to state what was in the language of the
law, and that the entire deficiencies, as he calls
them, were not so in point of fact. These ar^facts
which the law itself shows, I have no further
time to appropriate to this branch of the subject.
One other remark, however, upon the Adminis-5,
tration of Mr. Polk, before I pass from it. The
papers report that the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Chaxoler,] not now in his seat, a
few days ago, and thegentleman from New York.
[Mr. Brooks,] argued, the other day, to show the
same thing—that these deficiencies were to pay j
for the debts of Mr. Polk's Administration. The I
gentleman from New York, in reply to the gen-j
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Hall',] said they j
were to pay Mr. Polk's debts. Now, I feel justi- i
tied in saying that this statement is an error from '
beginning to end. There is no evidence upon rec- .
ord, and I defy the gentleman to produce any, |
which shows any such fact. There is but one ]
outstanding claim that can be charged upon cur- !
rent appropriations, and that is what is called the I
civil fund of California. But I happen to have :
the evidence furnished me by the Secretary of ;
War himself, where he specifies that the balance I
of the war appropriations, which seemed to be in !
the Treasury, on the first of July of this year, !
was $855,279. This, he says, is liable for the
settlement of the accounts which accrued during
the war with Mexico. i
I understand that my time is passing rapidly,
and I will publish these things with my speech.
I wish to say a word or two to my friends upon
this side of the House. We are now called upon
by the Administration to give them money. For
what purpose? To sustain an array upon the
frontiers for the protection of our citizens, and for
the purpose of carrying out our treaty with Mex-
ico. It is our duty to sustain and protect that
frontier, not only from our treaty obligations to
Mexico, but from the highest-obligation we owe
to our citizens and to our emigrants, who are pass-
ing through that country to Oregon and Califor-
nia. We owe them protection, and we must give
it to them. This morning, I noticed in the ^Re-
public newspaper intelligence of Indian depreda-
tions upon our western borders; and if we refuse
to give the money asked for, we thereby withdraw
our protection entirely; we had better disband the
army. My Democratic friends sometimes tell
me, that we gave the Administration enough, but
they have wasted it. Admit that, if you please,
is that a reason why we should not keep up the
army, because the Executive of the Government
has wasted the money ? Is that a reason why we
should refuse to supply our troops, and protect
our frontier settlement? Certainly not. Admit-
ting that the President of the United States has
squandered this money, it will not do for us to
say, because they have wasted it, the army shall
be disbanded—starved, or unclad. I hope such a
course will not be pursued. I hope this bill will
pass, and we will go before the country and show
who is responsible. Gentlemen say that they
will take the responsibility of disbanding the
army. If we believe that the Administration has
been extravagant, wasteful with the public money,
I think that is not the proper course; we must
keep up the army for protection to our frontiers,
and guard our appropriations in future, if deemed
advisable; go to the people upon their extrava-
gance, produce the evidence, establish the fact, and
the people will eject them from place.
If you turn your army loose, and refuse to
protect the frontier, you will create a burst of feel-
ing and indignation among the settlers of that part
of the country, and through all parts of the coun-
try, that will overwhelm us, if we stop here and
refuse to sustain the army, we may talk about ex-
travagance, but the people will not hear us, when
their wives and children are being butchered by
the savages. We must vote these supplies, and
put the responsibility where it properly belongs,
which is on the Administration. From the course
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
I am almost led to believe that he is striving to de-
feat this bill. He has done it more harm than its
worst enemies.
I was tempted to believe that the gentleman
took this ground, hoping to make the Democrats
defeat the bill, that they might smother up and
merge the charge of extravagance against this Ad-
ministration, by taking advantage of the burst of
indignation which would come up from all quar-
ters of the country upon thedefeatof this bill; and
in such an event we will have to defend ourselves
against a charge of withdrawing our support and
protection from our frontier settlers.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I had a proposition to make
to thegentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,]
and if the committee will indulge me, I will do it
in a half dozen words. He agreed to show that
the cost of the Florida war was as great as the
cost of the army now, per man. We paid very
dearly for that war. The Democratic party were
then in power. The Wkigs charged us with ex-
travagance, and beat us most outrageously—most
shamefully. We only got some seven States. I
submit a sum for him to work out. If, during a
time of war, the cost of our soldiers was so great
that the people of the United States beat us most
wretchedly in the presidential election, what does
he expect to become of his Whig Administration
when he admits that in a time of profound peace,
the expense of our soldiers is about the same thing ?
I think if the gentleman works out that sum, he
will find where he and his friends will be next
fall. He will find that we will serve him as he
served us—beat him badly.
The CHAIRM AN. The debate has been con-
cluded, and the bill will now be read by clauses.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move that
the committee rise. I imagine that the gentleman
