822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
[Here the hammer fell.]
MrfORR. It ^ m order to move an amend-
ment to the original section, I believe.
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move an
amendment to the clause, the question being on
striking out the section.
Mr. ORR. I move, then, to reduce the appro-
priation from $890,000 to £1.
I was, Mr. Chairman, a member of the last
Congress, and was present when the debates took
place with reference to reducing the expenses of
this department of the Government. I heard gen-
tlemen upon the other side of the House advocate
that reduction, I believe, with more zeal, certainly
with more energy, than any upon this side of the
House. Congress investigated this subject thor-
oughly. The matter was fully debated, and they
determined to reduce the estimates of the Depart-
ment from $2,500,000 to $2,000,000. The act
passed in that way, and what is the state of facts
presented by this bill now before the committee
for its consideration ? Have the different depart-
ments of Government conformed their action to
the instructions received from the two Houses of
Congress? So far from their conforming them-
selves to those instructions they have violated the
express commands of Congress, and it is an insult
to the American Congress for the officers of the
Government now to come in and say that we
refused, nine months ago, to make this appropria-
tion, and we have gone on and expended the
money, and you must pay it. In other words,
the House of Representatives, the representatives
of the people, after expressing their will upon this
subject, are to become mere auditors for the Ad-
ministration. There is a principle involved m the
bill, and an important principle, too. I am un-
willing to become a mere auditor. Congress having
the power to make appropriations, and the Presi-
dent being required to conform to the appropria-
tions made by Congress, when he chooses to set
aside the express will of both branches of Con-
gress let the responsibility be upon his shoulders,
and let him not come here to ask us to pay for his
violation of law.
Now, sir, there is one condition upon which I
will vote for this bill, and it is the only one; other-
wise I will take my share of the responsibility of
defeating it, and every item it contains. If the
President will cause to be removed, commencing
at the heads of departments, every officer that has
been guilty of violating, indirectly, the law which
Congress has passed, I will vote for this bill, other-
wise I will not. I think the American Congress
ought to be able to exercise as much control over
the Executive branch of the Government as the
House of Commons m Great Britain can exercise
over the Executive Government there. If they
can require a set of ministers to be removed before
making an appropriation, can it be true that an
American Congress, under a free Government,
have not the same power to control and direct the
Executive branch of the. Government, as in a mon-
archy like that of Great Britain ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANLY. No motion has yetbeen made
to this bill, upon this—the Whig—side of the
House, for the sake of talk, and I trust none will
be mode. The other side are responsible for it.
Let that fact be distinctly stated. But before 1
proceed further, I tender the homage of my thanks
to the chainnan of the Committee of Ways and
Means, for the speech he just now made. They
arc the words of a patriot, lifting himself above the
calls of the party, and becoming him; and a just
rebuke to the extraordinary remai ks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Olds.] Sir, what have we
before us? Here is a proposition made to cut
down this appropriation for the support of the
Government and the army, because remarks have
been made here as to the responsibility attaching to
Congress and to the Executive. And the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] who talks about
" bloody hands and hospitable graves," referring
to old party matters, is properly rebuked, and he
is willing to commit his countrymen to the bloody
hands and hospitable graves of Indian hostilities,
sooner than give this Government money to go on
with ! He refuses to vote, and will not vote, he
says, for a bill, without which the army cannot be
paid. The frontiers cannot be protected, treaties
fulfilled, the soldiers in the service of their country
cannot be fed, because a member of this Hou^e
aays Congress is responsible for cutting down
appropriations! What a principle of conduct
this is, by which a Representative in a Republican
Government professes to regulate his conduct!
Who are the Whigs in office spending this money
improperly? General Jesup, quartermaster gen-
eral—an honest man and a gallant soldier, though
indirectly assailed—is a Democrat. If the Whigs
can rely on his estimates, cannot the Democrats
trust him? And the gentleman from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Orr] does not intend to vote for this bill
unless the President dismisses the Secretary of
War, and his other officers—General Jesup, I
suppose, included. I appeal to that gentleman, in
his moments of calm reflection, whether he can
justify himself before the country, in such a decla-
ration. Mr. Conrad's friends here defy and soli-
cit any examination into his conduct. Instead of
extravagance, you will see that he has practiced
economy—Whig economy—notin talk,like Dem-
ocratic economy, but in actual reduction of ex-
penses. If the President has done this wrong,
why has the gentleman sat silently upon this floor
since the beginning of the session, and brought
forth no impeachment? Why have we not heard
his voice upon these alleged abuses, while this bill
was under consideration, during the last week?
Why did not the gentleman from South Carolina
take an hour and assail the Administration ? Why
did he allow his friends to make Buncombe speeches
upon State politics, presidential candidates, the
want of harmony in the Democratic ranks, &c.,
dTc., &c., while each speaker had an hour, instead
of discussing this bill ? Sir, because the Adminis-
tration was unassailable, and gentlemen on the
other side knew it. We courted investigation; the
other side did not wantto discuss the bill. When
this side of the House challenged investigation,
why did the gentleman from South Carolina sit still
in his seat.
Mr. ORR. I ask leave to say a word.
Mr. STANLY. Not in my time of five minutes.
Mr. ORR. You did not want an answer.
Mr. STANLY. I defy the answer, when the
gentleman has time. With all respect to the gen-
tleman, we solicit and defy all investigation into
the conduct of the Administration. But let gen-
tleman specify—let them name where are the
abuses, and by what officers committed—but not
deal in general charges. 1 charge that the other
side of the House did not wish to discuss this
bill—they evaded it. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Brooks] made a point of order, that
the discussion of the merits of presidential candi-
dates was out of order. The Democratic party,
who are here in a majority, decided against the
gentleman from New York.
And now, after postponing and postponing this
bill for weeks and weeks, refusing to discuss it,
when they could discuss it, now, under the five-
minutes rule, they fire away, and make indiscrimi-
nate charges, in the hope that no chance can be
afforded to the Administration to defend their
measures. Gentlemen on the other side seem to
me to be disappointed in their efforts to find just
cause for assailing the Administration; and now
they quarrel because the Administration has done
nothing wrong to oblige them, and give them an
excuse for railing: •
Sir, while I condemn, as all good men of all
parties wi]l condemn, the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] whose party vindic-
tiveness is so strong, that he avows his willing-
ness to let the soldiers on the western frontier
starve, let the settlers on the western frontiers go
unprotected from Indian hostilities, let the Govern-
ment drafts remain protested and unpaid, I acquit
r he chairman of the Committee ofWaysand Means.
He has done his duty like a man, and like a pa-
triot, in the remarks which he has made. If his
friends do not follow them, it is not his fault, but
theirs. Let the country judge between us, the mi-
nority here, and the gentlemen upon the other side
of this House, who it is that stops the wheels of
this Government. I call upon gentlemen on the
other side to say whether they indorse the remarks
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds?] Are they
wdlins: to injure their country, because some mem-
ber of Congress charges, and correctly charges,
that Congress, not the Executive, are responsible
for these deficiencies?
Let that issue be distinctly made up. We in-
vite it; we challenge investigation into the conduct
of the Administration and of the Departments.
We will do our duty to our country, and while we
defy them in all their impotent efforts, we only
ask them to do their duty to their country.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment, and it was disagreed to,
Mr. ORR moved pro forma to reduce the appro-
priation to $2.
I will reply, Mr. Chairman, to'the interrogatory
propounded to me by my friend from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Stanly,] and I think it will be a very
successful reply—in my judgment, at least. There
are fifty officers—there may be one hundred offi-
cers—who have been participants in disregard of
the appropriations that were made by Congress,
in directing their expenditures with leference to
their own estimates, and not with regard to the
appropriation. Well, now, suppose that I had
set about an impeachment of these different offi-
cers—a hundred different officers—how long would
it have required—how many days,.weeks, and
months would have been consumed in the im-
peachment of one single man? I do not belie\e,
in the history of this Government, it has been at-
tempted to impeach any officer of that grade. Cer-
tainly, many of them have been guilty of delin-
quencies, and have been removed. I can say to
the President, If you retain officeis in your Cab-
inet, under your direction, who willfully disregard
the laws passed by Congress, and willfully ex-
pend larger sums of money than have been appro-
priated, and do not exclude them, you shall not
have the money; but whenever you remove them,
and give to the country an assurance and guaran-
tee that such conduct shall not be repeated, then
we will makethe appropriation. As to those who
were making an assault upon the Administration,
while the hour debate was proceeding^pi I have
to say is, that my skirts are clear of it. 1 was
opposed, and I wish that the gentleman from
North Carolina was as much, to the closing of the
debate as early as it was terminated I thought
this bill required to be debated; I thought that it
ought to be thoroughly and fully investigated by
this House; and I was satisfied more days even
than had been appropriated to it would be insuffi-
cient for that purpose.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. 1 have
waited patiently, but withnoinconsiderable solici-
tude, to hear some explanation from gentlemen
of the Committee of Ways and Means, to justify
a vote for those clauses in this bill by which ap-
propriations are made to the quartermaster gen-
eral's department, to supply alleged deficiencies.
I have heard none that conveys a satisfactory or
intelligible reason. I have heard no explanation
as to the expenditure of the appropriation made to
this bureau for the fiscal year ending June 30,1852.
I have inquired of gentlemen on the Committee of
Ways and Means what account has been given
of the amount we did appropriate, and I under-
stand they cannot tell how it has been expended.
I do riot intend to vote another dollar upon the
allegation of a deficiency, until I hear what has
been done with that which Congress intended to
supply the quartermaster general for the whole
year.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise a point of order.
The gentleman from Kentucky advocates the
amendment of the gentleman from South Carolina
instead of opposing it.
Mr. MARSHALL. I am opposed to reducing
the appropriation to §2, [Laughter;] for the reason
that I do not intend to vote any. [Renewed
laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is not,
then, in order.
Mr. MARSHALL. T^en I will vote three
dollars, and will oppose cutting the appropriation
down to tvm, for the purpose of being allowed to
say, undisturbed, what I want to say. I listened
attentively to the hour speeches of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] and of the chair-
man of the Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,]
but neither advanced a single idea which was not
! elicited in the able debate of last session on the
army appropriation bill. Then the whole sub-
ject was elaborately discussed. The Committee
on Military Affairs brought forward the estimates
of the quartermaster general, and attempted to en-
force them by calling attention to the extension of
our territory—to considerations springing out of
the treaty of Hidalgo—to the extension of the
lines of supply; in fine, that committee then said
; ail that the Secretary of War or the quartermaster
j general have since said to this Congress, and all
