1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
the gentlemen have said on this bill. Nothing new
has been elicited. Well, sir, Congress, after that
full discussion, in a test vote, solemnly refused to
vote the quartermaster general's estimates, and
only voted the amount reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means.
I take it to have been the duty of the officer in
charge of the appropriation to square his expenses
to the means Congress provided. If he went on
to expend the money in the face of this deliberate
action of Congress, as though no such action had
occurred, and he relied on this Congress to meet
the deficiency so that his expenditures may equal
the estimates which Congress refused, he has com-
mitted a grave error in my opinion. As this bill
proposes to supply all Congress refused, and more, j
I want to know how the sum we voted has been i
expended, in order that I may judge of the neces- !
sity. I do not mean to make any attack upon
anyone. But, as a representative of the people,
I do not intend, by my vote, to appropriate an-
other dollar, under the circumstances of this case,
until the Committee of Ways and Means explain,
in some way, he manner in which this deficiency
has arisen, and how the bureau has spent what
was appropriated.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Administration is re-
sponsible.
Mr. MARSHALL. I know the gentleman has
attacked the Administration, the Secretary of War,
and the head of the army. I know the difficulty
has sprung out of the course-—■
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky does me injustice. I wish to state a fact *■
Mr. MARSHALL. I take it all back, the*.
[Laughter*] I had rather withdraw the remark
on which the gentleman desires to comment, than
to lose any of my time. _ j
Mr. Chairman, this proposition is a very seri- ;
ous one. We know Congress refused, last ses- j
sum, the very supplies now asked as a deficiency. I
We ought to know why there is a deficiency, be- ,
fore we reverse the solemn decision of Congress i
at the instance of a military officer, who asked for
this money and was refused. There is a question
of power, of dignity, of duty, here. 1 do not
think we shall act wisely or well to vote this mo-
ney, when we hear no explanation of what has |
been done with the appropriation which was made ,
for the whole year. For one, I would rather take
the responsibility of disbanding the army, than to ;
vote a dollar under this state of the case. I would
withdraw my forces altogether, and leave the peo-
ple of Texas and TS^ew Mexico to defend them- \
selves as best they may, and afterwards pay their
expenses, rather than to abandon a constitutional ;
fundamental principle of this Government. We
hold the keys of the Treasury, and we are re-
sponsible to the people—
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOWARD moved pro forma to increase
the appropriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not an
amendment to an amendment pending? The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Olds] m$ves to strike 91a :
a clause, and the gentleman from South Carolina |
[Mr OrrI moves to strike out and insert.
The CHAIRMAN. The ground the Chair
takes is, that any gentleman has a right to perfect
a clause before the question is taken upon a mo-
tion to strike out, inasmuch as that excludes the
whole clause. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina has made an amendment, and the Chair thinks
that an amendment to that is in order.
Mr. HOWARD. There is no member of this
Ccm-ress who was a member of the last that will
not be astonished at the statement of my honor-
aide friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] that
the Committee of Ways and Means of the last
CVwres** investigated this matter, asserted that
the amount proposed to be appropriated was too
la,-e. and therefore reduced it. Why, sir, he
cannot have forgotten that the honorable gentle-
man from the Committee of Ways and Means,
who belonsrs to the other side of the House, not
now in his seat, [Mr. Toombs,] said that m
making this motion he struck m the dark, and did
not know whether he was striking intelligibly or
not Now, under that state of things, we are
rra\ elv told that the last Congress deliberated and
investigated this whole matter, ascertained that
too muoh money was asked for, and, therefoie,
they cut it down. Now, it is complained against
the Executive officer as a fault, that he has iounu
no person to cut down nearly the whole amount
of the deficiency. Sir, precisely the reverse is
true—that Congress did not investigate, that Con-
gress did not examine the estimates, neither did
the Committee of Ways and Means of the last
Congress go to the Department and ascertain if
too much money was asked. No such thing was
ever heard upon this floor at the last session of
Congress. The whole argument was, that the
amount looked large—looked like an extravagant
amount, and ought to be cut down without rhyme
or reason. Now, I think it is within the recollec-
tion of gentlemen here, who will bear me out, that
that was in substance the position those gentlemen
occupied upon that occasion. And what was said
by the distinguished chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs upon that occasion? He said
that he had examined this matter; that he had
been to the Department; that he had investigated
it, and prophesied that it would be necessary to
provide for it at this session by a deficiency bill,
as the result has shown. The records show why
that was so. The estimates were returned to
General Jesup, because it was said that they were
too large, and he was asked to cut them down. He
looked them over, investigated, returned them,
and stated in his report to that Congress that they
were made upon full consideration, and could not
be reduced. It comes here now as a deficiency,
because the last Congress failed to do its duty to
give what the United States service required under
existing laws and existing establishments. j
The honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. j
Marshall,] says that he had rather vote to reduce ;
or disband the army than to vote for this deficiency i
bill. Now, if he has the nerve to propose that, |j
he shows some consistency in his action; but to :
keep up the army to its presentnumbers, and then
to refuse the necessary money to support it, is the
queerest sort of economy that ever entered into the
brain of a statesman. If you desire to economize, ;
reduce the source of the expenditures. Do not
keep up your establishment, and then refuse to
appropriate the necessary amount to defray the
expenses of that establishment. j
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. As a great deal of j
reference has been made to the conduct of the j
Committee of Ways and Means at the last session,
in striking down the estimates which were trans-
mitted to us from the War and other Departments, I
feel it due to myself that I should state precisely
what was our action at that time. When those es- j
timates for the army and navy were brought to the j
consideration of our committee, by their direction, j
I addressed a letter to the Secretary of War, and j
also to the Secretary of the Navy, informing them j
that we were not satisfied with the large amounts
, which weie asked for, and that a disposition ex-
isted in the committee to curtail the amount of
money appropriated to this branch of the public
service; and we requested them to reform their es-
timates with a view to reduction ill the amount of [
appropriations. To that official letter, I received I
a reply, in which we were told that the estimates 1
winch they had sent in were as small as they could
recommend, and that they had cut them down to
the lowest cent. When we received this commu-
nication, by the direction of the committee, I
wrote a second letter, in which I inquired if Con-
gress was determined to make reductions, at what
point they should be made, in their opinion, with
the least detriment to the public service. In reply
to that inquiry, the Secretary of the Navy, al-
though expressing his opinion that the estimates
were as low as they ought to be, pointed out the
places at which to strike, if we determined to strike,
and we made in the Navy bill the reductions under
those heads where the Secretary informed us they
could be made with the least detriment to the pub- :
lie service. I
I am told by one of the gentlemen of the Com- ,
mittee of Ways and Means, I have not examined 1
i the subject carefully, and that he has reduced his
1 expenditures accordingly. The Secretary of War 1
I called upon General Jesup, and others under him, 1
to answer these inquiries of ours, and the reply
j was, that the estimates could not be reduced ;
i anywhere without detriment to the public ser- j
I vice, and they declined to point out any places at j
i which we could most safely strike, if we were de- ;
j termined to strike at all. Under this impression, j
the Committee of Ways and Means, by a vote to ;
which I did not give a very cordial support, de- j
termined to cut them down. I say, I did not give i
it a very cordial support—not because I was not
as vehement as any member of the committee in
favor of retrenchment in these two branches of the
public service, but because I thought it would
come to nothing, and to guard myself upon that
point when it came before the House, I stated it
would come to nothing. With this letter from the
War Department before us, and £rom my knowl-
edge of the manner in which some of these army
officers—I am not speaking of the Secretary of
War at all—have administered their departments,
I knew perfectly well, and I so stated, that the
effect of the reduction would be to create the ne-
cessity for a deficiency bill.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Howard's
amendment to the amendment, and it was reject-
ed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Orr's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question then recurring upon Mr. Olds's
motion to strike out the clause, it was taken, and
the motion was not agreed to.
The next clause was then read, as follows:
" For constructing, repairing, and enlarging barracks,
quarters, hospitals, store-houses, stables, wharves, and
ways, at the several posts and army depOts, for temporary
cantonments, and the authorized furniture for barrack-
room of 11 on-corn missioned officers and soldiers, liuil-
houses for the protection of cannon, including the necessa-
ry toots and materials for the objects enumerated, and for
rent of quarters, and offices for officers, and barracks and
hospitals for troops, whej-e there are no public buildings for
their accommodation, tor store-bouses for the sate-keeping
of military stores, and of grounds for summer cantonments
and encampments, $319,000."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
strike out, in the eightieth and eighty-first lines,
the words, " for rents of quarters, and offices for
officers."
I should have preferred it, if this bill had been
referred back to the Committee of Ways and
Means, that they might have brought before the
House of Representatives some intelligible account
about the money which has already been appro-
priated for the quartermaster general's depart-
ment for the current fiscal year. I hoped, upon a
closer examination, they would be able to give a
distinct idea how much of that appropriation has
been spent, where expended, and how expended
—at all events how it was expected to be expend-
ed. We might as well resolve ourselves into a
registry chamber, for the mere purpose of register-
ing the edicts of the Executive Departments as to
do what we are now doing—to vote any amount
of the public money the quartermaster general
may choose to ask, without the Committee of
Ways and Means, from its chairman down to its
last member—being able to give the House or the
country any intelligible account how the money
already appropriated has been spent, or what he
wants with that he now asks for. The chairman
of the Ways and Means spoke of abuses—great
abuses in this bureau. Sir, there are enormous
abuses which the quartermaster general himself
has incidentally set forth in his report but without
disapprobation, and as the apparent reasons why
he should have more money. These abuses be-
long, it is true, to the fiscal year ending June 30th,
1851, but they account for the way the public
money is administered upon through that channel.
In this item of house rent for instance: What do
you think—what will the country think—of quar-
tering a major and one or two subalterns in New
Mexico in a house at an annual rental of $2,100.
Look at the bill, sir; several of your platoon offi-
cers paying rent as high as $600 or $800 per year
for quarters for themselves only! Why, sir, it
, appears that it takes more money to shelter a com-
| pany of dragoons in such places as Las Vegas, or
Dona Ana, in New Mexico, than the establish-
ment of the American Minister at Paris costs.
Just think of it, sir—a company of fifty soldiers
on the frontier living in a rented house and pay-
ing for it, as rent, $3,3fi0 per year—for the hay to
feed their horses §35 to $40 per ton—for their corn
$2 50 to $3 per bushel, and hauling these articles
too at public expense twenty or thirty miles, em-
ploying for that purpose seven mule teams of six
mules each, when they say each mule costs for his
keeping, $310 per year, or for theforty-two mules
$13,020 per year as the price ofkeeping. You must
add to this the transportation of horse medicines
—the wages of farriers, forage masters, &c., &c.
These expenditures, sir, are officially communi-
cated to you by the quartermaster general as the
V
