1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
825
sustain the fact of the existence of the abuses
spoken of in ray hour speech. His evidence is p
before the country, and he can neither withdraw |'
it nor evade its force. j;
Sir, I would like to know of the honorable gen- I;
tleman, if he believes there is no money in the i1
Treasury that can be used to sustain the army,
what his object is in this matter? Do you want !
to disband the army ? Your President has not the ' j
power to do it. You and i, with our fellow-mem- j
tiers, have the power. If you want to disband the :|
army, do it; if you want to keep up the army, do ||
it. But let us do onfe thing or the other. Do not h
let us keep up an establishment which we cannot I1
.feed and will not clothe. Let us not pretend to |i
keep up an army on the frontier of our States and i!
Territories, and refuse to furnish them with am-
munition to shoot an Indian, if one should attempt !j
to commit a depredation. !
Now, I put it to the gentleman from Kentucky, i
£Mr. Marshall,] and I put it to every gentleman ''
m this committee, Do you not believe that this .1
or some other amount of money ought to be ap- j
propriated ? Do you believe there is enough to sup- j:
ply these objects yet unexpended; if so, the Sec- jj
retary of War has acted in bad faith to Congress; j!
he says it is not there. If you make it as clear
as it can be made—as clear as a sunbeam—that :!
the money has been wasted by the Administra-
tion, I would, even in that case, not hesitate a mo- I
ment to vote the appropriations necessary to carry
on the Government and supply the place of the |
money wasted. I would restrict the Administra- 'j
tion by legislation. I would do all that was nec^es-;
sary to restrict the Administration, so far asw
was in my power as a member of Congress, t? '
would aid, to the extent of my ability, in an in- :
vestigation of the abuses; but I would not hesitate
to vote the supplies necessary to protect our fron-
tiers, and to enable this Government to observe ;
and faithfully execute its treaty stipulations with 11
Mexico. I would protect the emigrants, while 011 1
the roads to our distant frontiers, against the bar- 1
barities of the wild, savage, and remorseless In-
dians that hover along their pathway. I would
save them from hutchery. I would protect them j
against the tomahawk and scalping-knife of the j1
wild Indians. It is due to the emigrant, and as i
far as my vote goes, he shall have it.
[Here the hammer fell.] ;
Air. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is about the
usual time for adjournment, and as we are not
likely to make any progress in the bill to-day, I '
move that the committee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordinglv rose; and the Speaker ,
having resumed the chair, the chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the 1
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and j
particularly House bill 207, being a bill " to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of June, ■
one thousand eight hundred and fifty-two," and
had come to no conclusion thereon. [
COMPROMISE MEASURES.
Mr. JACKSON. I ask the Chair what is the 1
regular order of business?
The SPE-VKER.. The first business in order
is the call of the States for resolutions, beginning !
with South Caruhna.
Mr. JACKSON. I move that the House do
now proceed to the regular order of business. It
there at e : i resolutions to be offered from the State
of South Carolina, 1 have a resolution to offer when
Georgia is called.
TheSPEAKER. Resolutions are in ordertrom
the State of Georgia. .
Mr. JACKSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion, upon the passage of which I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CABELL. I move that the House do now
adwurn. . ,
'Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
this inquuy of the Chair: If the House adjourn
now, what will be the position of the resolution
of the o-entleman from Georgia? -
Mr. GENTRY. The resolution has not been
reeened imr read. . ,
Mr. JONES- I rise to a question oi order.
The cr'cntleman from Georgia, as I understand it,
is upon the floor until his resolution is read; and
until he yields the floor no gentleman can get it to
move that 'he House adjourn
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the resolution would be in order when resolu-
tions are again called for. The resolution will,
however, be read for information.
It was then read by the Clerk, as follows:
Resolved, That we recognize the binding efficacy of
the compromises of the Constitution, and believe it to be
the intention of the people generally, as we hereby declare
it to be ours individually, to abide such compromises, and
to sustain the laws necessary to carry them out—the pro
vision for {be delivery of fugitive slaves and the act of the
last Congress for that purpose included—and that we depre-
cate all further agitation of questions growing out of that
provision, of the questions embraced in the acts of the last
Congres.s known as the compromise, and of questions gen-
erally connected with the institution of slavery, as unneces-
sary, useless, and dangerous.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia moves the resolution which has just been read,
and upon its passage he calls the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. FOWLER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, demanded the
veas and nays; but they were not ordered.
The motion was then agreed to—ayes 84, noes
not counted-—and
The House adjourned till twelve o'clock, to-
morrow.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. DOTY gave notice of his intention to introduce a
bill with the following title :
" A bill providing for the free navigation of the St. Law-
rence river, and for reciprocal trade with Canada."
PETITIONS, Sec.
The following petitions, memorials, &.c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate committees:
i By Mr. PARKER, of Indiana: The petition of Shipley
L. Foulkc and others, assistant marshals of Henry county, i
Indiana, praying for additional compensation for taking the ;
late census. !
By Mr. PEASLEE : The memorial of Rufus K. Parker
and others, citizens of New Hampshire, in behalf of the
Western Farm and Village Association of the city ot New
York.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, leave was ciyen to with-
draw from the files of the House, petitions or citizens of St.
Louis, Missouri, asking the passage of an act to provide for
holding an additional term of the circuit court of the T'nited
States for the district of Missouri, and to refer the same to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 23, 1853.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. M. Butler.
Mr. WADE. The case of the hens and execu-
tors of Samuel Priok-au, of the State of South Caro-
lina, was at an early day referred to the Committee
of Claims, and was considered by thai comnuttee,
who, doubtfully and hesitatingly, I may say,
came to a conclusion, and directed me to make an
adverse 1 eport. The report was made principally,
and probably entirely, upon the ground that the
claim appeared to he an antiquated one. Although
it appeared to be equitable, there was no evidence
before the committee to show why it had been
delayed so long; and in the absence of any evi-
dence to account for that long delay, we came to
the. conclusion that we ought to make an adverse
report. The subject was referred to the committee
on the motion of the Senator from Snuth Carolina.
He was not present when we had it under con-
sideration, and therefore was not able to give us
any light upon the subject. We made an adverse
report, and it was adopted by the Senate. We
have now been furnished with evidence that ac-
counts for the delay; and the committee have had
the matter under consideration, and have directed
me to ask the unanimous consent of the Senate^to
take the papers from the files, and again to refer
them, for we fear that we have done injustice in
making the adverse report.
The PRESIDENT. The report having been
concurred in, the subject cannot again be referred
but by unanimous consent.
Mr. WADE. I will state the equities of the
claim, and the circumstances under which it is
presented to us. if it is desired.
Mr. SEWARD. It is not necessary.
Mr. WADE. The committee desire to have
the oapers referred to them again, that they may
take' them into further consideration.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair has stated that
it requires unanimous consent. An adverse re-
port having been made and concurred in, of course
the papers cannot be acted on again unless further
evidence is introduced to show that the report was
not correct.
No objection being made, the papers were or-
dered to be taken from the files and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. RUSK presented a petition of members of
the Legislature of Texas, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Washington to Cold •
Spring; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Charles B. Brower, late a
Lieutenant in the United States Army, praying
that he be reinstated in the Army; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Texas,
in favor of the payment of Samuel A. Belden for
spoliations by Mexico upon his property; which
was referred to the Committee on Foieign Rela-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of Texas,
in favor of the incorporation of the officers of the
Texas JXavy into the Navy of the United States;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHASE presented two memorials of as-
sistant marshals for taking the Seventh Census in
Ohio, praying additional compensation; which
were ordered to be laid on the table.
Also, a memorial of the Board of Trustees of
the Protestant University of the United States at
Cincinnati, Ohio, praying the endowment of that
institution by a grant of land; which was referred
1 to the Committee on Public Lands,
j Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of twenty-
; five merchants of Boston, Massachusetts, praying
! .that the use of intoxicating liquors in the United
States Navy may be discontinued; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
j Mr. ADAMS presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Mississippi, praying the establish-
j ment of a port of entry at Biloxi, and additional
i mail facilities to that place; which was referred to
I the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
i Mr. HUNTER presented the memorial_of
I Robert H. Vaughan, William R. Laws, and
; others, holders of military land warrants issued
! for the services of their ancestors, praying the ap-
; propriation of scrip to satisfy the warrants now
outstanding and unprovided for; which was re-
: ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of James Riley, of Cincinnati,
' Ohio, claiming the credit of having been the in-
\ ventor of the Independent Treasury system.
A motion hy Mr. HUNTER, that it beprinted,
1 was referred to the Committee on Printine.
| Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citi-
lj zens of Pennsylvania praying the construction of
i! a railroad from" the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean;
I which was referred to the Committee on Roads
■ and Canals.
| Also, the petition of citizens of Albany, New
; York, prayinsr the passage of ail act granting fur-
, ther aid to Collins's line of mail steamers: which
! was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
i Mr. G-EYER presented the petition of mer-
chants and others, citizens of St. Louis, Missouri,
I praying that further aid may be extended to Col-
li hns's line of mail steamers; which was refeired to
1 the Committee on Naval Affairs.
;; Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented a ina-
! morial of the Mayor and Common Council of Ra-
cine, Wisconsin, praying an appropriation lor
■' completing the harbor at that place; which v.-as
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
! Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented a memorial
'' ofcitizcns of Washington, District or Columbia,
j praying an amendment of the charter of that city;
!. which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
it Also, a oetition of clerks in the office o! the
!, First Comptroller of the Treasury, praying anin-
" crease of their salaries; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
I Mr. SOULE presented a resolution of the
I, Legislature of Louisiana, m favor of the estabhsh-
;i ment of a mad route from the mouth of Red river
!• to Burr's Ferry, mi the Sabine; which was re-
!, ferred to the Committee o:i the Post Office an a
I, Post Roads. T
/ Also, a resolution of the Legislature of Lotus-
' ia^a in favor tlie establishment of 8 tri-wesJuy
