826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
mail from Harrisonburg to Natchitoches; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads,
WHEELING BRIDGE.
Mr,. BELL. I present the memorial of Joseph
Woods and a considerable number of other gen-
tlemen, respectable and intelligent citizens of Nash-
ville and its vicinity, setting forth that they have
heard, with considerable alarm and great concern,
the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of
the Wheeling Bridge, on the suit of the State of
Pennsylvania, and they pray that Congress will
exercise whatever powers it may possess to pre-
vent what they consider an arbitrary and unneces-
sary exercise of power by any department of the
Government of the United States, in decreeing the
demolition of that great work, because the owners
of only seven—as it is alleged is proved in the
case—of the many hundreds of steam-boats navi-
gating the river, have thought proper to elevate
their chimnies higher than usual, and higher than
is thought to be essential, and because they do not
choose to lower them. I move to refer the memo-
rial to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
LINE OF STEANERS TO HAMBURG.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I present to
the Senate the petition of C. Hansen, of the city
of Brooklyn, in the State of New York, who pro-
poses that with the consent and patronage of Con-
gress, he will establish a line of steamers from that
city via Rotterdam, in the Netherlands, to Glux-
stadt, in Holstein, on the river Elbe, near Ham-
burg, so as to make semi-monthly passages for
th e trausportatio a of mails, passengers, and freight.
He offers to build four steamers, each of two
thousand tons. The first two to be completed in
two years, and the two others in three years. He
asks Congress to pay him $100,000 per annum for
the first three years, $85,000 for the next three
years, and $75,000 for the last four years, foreach
vessel in active service.
The first benefit which the United States would
derive would be the establishment of semi-monthly
mails, which in time would remunerate the Gov-
ernment. The German population already in the
United States is estimated at five millions, and it
is increasing at the rate of more than one hundred
thousand a year. The next benefit to the Gov-
ernment would be an increase of the naval steam
marine, since the United States would have the
right to take the vessels at any time at cost. A
third advantage which would accrue to the coun-
try would be the substitution of the safe, whole-
some, and speedy American steam-vessels for the
importation of emigrants, in place of the small,
uncomfortable, and unhealthy sailing vessels of
Hamburg, Rotterdam, and Antwerp. The new
line would receive the trade of the three great rivers
of continental Europe: the Elbe, Weser, and the
Rhine. The fourth and capital advantage which
it would secure would be the direct carrying trade
and navigation in the central continental Europe
which is now nearly engrossed by foreigners.
The entire tonnage, inwards and outwards, in the
trade of the United States and the Hanse Towns,
in a single year, belonging to foreigners is a hun-
dred and eighty-three thousand tons.
The entire tonnage owned by Americans within
the same period, was forty thousand tons. The
value of the freights received during the same pe-
riod by foreigners, was ^1,470,000, while the value
of the freights received by the Americans was
only ^384,000, showing that the trade, as now
carried on, is worth $1,000,000, all of which, by
the adoption of this enterprise, might be secured
for ourselves. I remark, once more, that this
great trade is carried on chiefly by British mer-
chants. Nine tenths of the American cotton con-
sumed in continental Europe, is shipped first to
England, and thence is carried to the continent,
thus subjecting us to a large tribute in the way of
expenses and commissions paid to English mer-
chants. The enterprise connects itself, of course,
with the present Bremen line, and these two lines
would enable us to take control of a trade which
at present we only divide with foreigners at great
disadvantage to ourselves.
The petition is sustained by documents and
references which I commend to the most favorable
consideration of the Committee on the Post Office
sind Post Roads, to which I beg leave to refer the
whole subject. I move that the petition be referred
to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SEWARP, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William R. Nevins, on the
files oi the Senate, be referred to the Committee on Patents
find the Patent Office.
VANDBRBILT STEAMERS.
Mr. BADGER. A number of memorials were
heretofore referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, asking for the establishment of lines of
steamers. By the direction of the committee, the
chairman asked that they be discharged from the
further consideration of them, and it was done
accordingly. I now desire to submit a motion that
one of those memorials—that of Vanderbilt &
Co.—be taken from the files, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
wish to mention, in this connection, that the Naval
Committee made no report upon the merits of the
applications, one way or the other; but considering
that there was nothing in them that made them
appropriate for their consideration, they asked to
be discharged from them. I think the one which
I have mentioned is entitled to the consideration
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
MAIL CONTRACTS.
Mr. CLEMENS. A communication was yes-
terday received from the Secretary of the Navy in
relation to steam-ships. Upon my motion it was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed. I
learn that it will be some two weeks before it can
be printed, as our public printer has managed to
get behind with the business. I mo\e, therefore,
that it be taken from the table, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROIVT STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill to increase the efficiency of the artillery;
which was read, and passed to the second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, submitted a
report, accompanied by a joint resolution con-
cerning the national defenses; which was read,
and passed to the second reading. The report
was ordered to be printed.
A motion, by Mr. SHIELDS, to print two
thousand additional copies of the two last-men-
tioned reports, was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Avery Down-
er, submitted an adverse report; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee of
Claims, to which was referred the petition of San-
tiago E. Arguello, suhmift^d a report, accompanied
by a bill for his relief; which was read and passed
to the second reading. The report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which were submitted the following peti-
tions, submitted adverse reports thereon:
The petition of Squire Moore;
The petition of Joseph W. Edwards;
The petition of Elisha Merriman; and
The petition of William Blodgett.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to make an appropri-
ation of lands to satisfy the claims of those holding
outstanding Virginia military land warrants.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill to amend an
act entitled "An act for laying off the towns of
( Fort Madison and Burlington, in the county of
' Des Moines, and the towns of Belleville, Du-
(buque, and Peru, in the county of Dubuque, Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin."
CLERIC IN THE SECRETARY'S OFFICE.
Mr. CASS. I offer the following resolution,
which, under the rule, will lie over for a day:
Resolved, That Y\ P. Page, who has been pngayed in
clerical and other duties in the office of the Secretary of
the Senate for somo jears pa<t, be paid the same per diem
compensation, from the beginning ot the present session,
as is allowed to the committee clerks of the Seriate.
I
Mr. BADGER. Let it be considered now. I
do not think there can be any possible objection
to it.
Mr. CASS. If there is no objection, I ask for
its consideration at this time.
No objection being made, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
The PRESIDENT. As it is a resolution pro-
viding for the payment of money out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate, it is necessary that it
should have three readings.
The lesolution was read a second time and
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. ADAMS. I would inquire of the Senator
who introduced this resolution, what is the neces-
sity for it? If there is a law authorizing the Sec-
retary to obtain necessary assistance, I should
like to know what necessity there is for this ?
Mr. CASS. The person mentioned in the res-
olution is now in the Secretary's office and has
been for years, but has only been paid as a mes-
senger. All who know the young man know
that he is a most efficient clerk. There is no rea-
son in the world why he should not be paid as a
clerk, when he is doing the duty of that office.
He may be called a messenger; but every Sena-
tor knows that he has been doing the work of a
clerk, and that he does it most admirably.
Mr. BADGER. There is no doubt about that.
All who have been here any length of time,
know it^r
The resolution was reported to the Senate, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
read a third time and passed.
9 SALARIES OF TERRITORIAL OFFICERS.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
to repeal the proviso in the act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government, for the year
ending the 30th June, 1852, and for other pur-
poses," approved March 3, 1851, relating to the
salaries of the officers of the Territories of the
United States. I presume it will be acted upon
without much debate.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to the con-
sideration of the bill, which was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary with an amend-
ment.
The amendment of the committee is in the form
of a substitute for the original bill. It provides in
the first section, " that if any officer of any Terri-
' tory of the United States shall hereafter absent
1 himself from such Territory and his official duties,
* for a period exceeding sixty days in any one
i year, without the leave of the President of the
'United States, he shall not be paid any salary
' for the period of such absence, unless good cause
4 for such absence shall be shown to the satisfac-
' tion of the President;" and, in the second section,
that the proviso contained in the act entitled " An
' act making appropriations for the civil and dip-
' lomatic expenses of the Government for the year
< ending the 30th June, 1853, and for other pur-
' poses," approved March 3, 1851, relating to the
payment of the salaries of officers of the territories
of the United States, be thereby repealed.
Mr. HUNTER. I would like to know what
the proviso is, which it is proposed to repeal.
The Secretary read the proviso, as follows:
" Provided, That the salaries specified above for any of
the officers of any ot the Territories of the United States,
shall not be paid in any case when any of said otfieers shall
absent themselves fiom said Teriitories and their official
duties for a period of time greater than sixty days."
Mr. GEYER. It will be perceived that the
proviso which it is proposed to repeal, annexes a
forfeiture of the whole salary as the effect of an
absence of sixty days—no matter from what cause,
or under what circumstances. It provides that in
case of absence, the fact of absence may be taken
as judgment against an officer, and he is thereafter
to receive no salaiy whatever. The first section
of the proposed amendment designs to effect'a
change in that particular. One defect intended to
be c^red is, that where the proviso leaves it un-
certain whether the several absences may not be
| taken together to make up the sixty_ days. It
designs also to cure another defect, which is this:
The proviso, I understand, was inserted with the
view to affect the officers in Minnesota; and, as it
stands, if the different absences are not to be added
together, any one of the officers in Minnesota may
