1852.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hkap] opposed its passage for reasons which I
.■shall now proceed to examine. He said, "it ia a
very important bill." This is true. It is a bill
of the greatest importance, as it lays the founda-
tion for national defense on the Pacific coast of the
United States. Upon itsGfate depends the tjues-
tion of defending that coast, or leaving it in its
present unprotected position. But this is not the
light in which the Senator looked upon it as im-
portant. He attached importance to it because it
would cost money to establish these defenses.
The Senator commenced his remarks upon the bill
wita the skill of an able tactician. He struck at
us weakest point; for I have learned from painful
experience in my short service here that the neces-
sity which exists for enacting laws for the State
of California never has as much weight with Con-
gress as the amount of money it will take to carry
fliPftP mtn <JVO/ ntinn PKc mna) Ko
I . "The sectional floating-dock, with rail-tracks, could ac-
i commodate many vessels at once, where they would be
! placed with ample room, light, and air around them, and
; giving every facility for working with dispatch.
j ^ The object so strongly desired in Mr, Jefferson's mea-
; sage, before quoted—that our vessels may be laid up dry,
j and under cover from the sun, and which he hoped to ob-
! tain by the means of lock-docks—it is believed may be
much better, and much more cheaply obtained, by the sec-
tional dock and railway.
f*AU experience verifies the remark of Mr. Jefferson,
that ' no cares, no attentions can preserve vessels from
rapid decay, which he in water, exposed to the sun;' and
that works of wood, laid up dry, will remain scarcely af-
fected by time.
" Some of the most costly ships of our Navy have rotted,
and been broken up, seeing little more service than lying at
the wharves; while others, built about the same periods,
remain comparatively umujured, in the houses in which
they were built.
"• It is believed that die sectional dock and railways will
not only an&vver tor the repairs of ships, better than any
other plan yet deviled, but that they will become the only
building-ways; and that, instead of letting our ships, when
these laws into execution. The Senator must be
well aware of this fact, and he avails himself of I' 1101 m use, Jie and decay at the navy-yards, in ordinary,
it in the verv onenino- of hi* sneech He^vsth p ^ they will be raised from the water, and placed undercover,
e \eiy Oj emnb n ins speecn. ne says tne ,s protcctclj from the weather, upon the rail-tracks.
imnnrtnnt—and -u*hv? KppansA «jr unli i. " The plan of the sectional dock arid railway commends
bill is important—and \\*hy? Because "it will
involve the necessity of an expenditure of from
S3,OOO;O0O to ^>7,000,000." Now, sir, this is a
hold assertion, and if sustained by proofs will
materially affect the action of the Senate upon the
bill. I undertake to oay that the Senator has no
estimate from any department of the Government
I'pon which he bases this assertion. It is evi-
dently a random shot—a statement made without
due consideration. If based upon any calculation
approaching to accuracy, he certainly would not
have left a margin of $4,000,000. He says " from
$3,000,000 to $7,000,000." I should like to know
whether he means it will be near set-en, or nearer
three millions?—whether it will be six millions or
four millions? Or does he intend to split the dif-
ference, and say five millions is to be the cost of
this work?
I hope the Senator [Mr. Brodiiead] did not in-
tend to take any unfair advantage of this meas-
ure, by exciting- the alarm of the members of this
body, who are the zealous guardians of the public
Treasury—when he asserts that this bill will cause
so enormous an expenditure. I undertake to say,
that the lowest amount named by the Senator will
itself to lavor by its cheapness and simplicity; and if, on
trial, it realizes what has been promised from its use, u will
enable the Government to construct at a moderate cost, a
dock at each of the navy-yaids, capable of accommodating
a number of ships at once.
"After careful!) considering the facts, statements, and
opinions winch have been presented to the Department, at
different peuods, by the officers and others who have had
the subject of a dry-dock at the Brooklyn yard under in-
vestigation, the undersigned is fully persuaded that the plan
ot dock ot Mr. Dakin, liere .spoken of, is worthy of trial
on a scale sufficiently large for raising the largest ships."
Thus it will be seen, sir, that a Secretary of the
Xavy has recommended, and strongly recommend-
ed, the mode of docking vessels proposed by this
hill. Nor is the Senator borne out m his assertion,
by the reports of the present Secretary, who has
evidently changed his opinion on the subject. In
his report at the last sessiog , he said, " that a sec-
tional dock alone, with a pier to secure it, would
answer every demand of tfae Navy on the coast
of California, for many years to come." In his
last report, he says, " It will be necessary to pro-
vide a pier or basin, to render this dock capable of
use;" and he postpones an opinion between the
basin and railway, and a pier, until a further ex-
never be required to be expended upon this work; \\ animation is made of the waters of the bav at San
and I hone that this round assertion will not deter li Francisco, by a board of officers appointed for the
any one from giving the bill a fair and impartial j; purpose. It is here evident that the Secretary
consideration. To show that the Senator's esti- ;l himself doubts the propriety of his former opinion
mate cannot be relied on, I will refer to other
portions of his speech. He says "a railway and
oasm will cost $1,500,000, and perhaps §2,000,000,
and will require Irom live to ten years for its con-
struction." (The contract heretofore made re-
quired the completion of the work in four years.)
As he advances in his argument, he reduces his
estimate to "$1,000,000 or '1,500,000;" and he
repeats this assertion on two other occasions, in
his speech. Now, we know exactly what this
basin and nuhvay will cost. It is just $340,000,
which, upon full examination, I have no doubt he
will find to have been incorrect.
The Senator availed himself of a statement of
the Secretary of the Navy, in his first report on
this subject, that is calculated to mislead the Sen-
ate. It is that apier, which will co.stonly §50,000
is all that will be necessary for the floating dock
now building for California. He assumes this as
a fixed fact, anu proceeds to argue, that "a pier is
all that is necessary," and that "merchants never
think of making use of the basin and railway-
. y tvtii «.v I" |uo« ,'iuiiijuuu) w"" ' i • i rt /1AA ' 1 C
The Secretary of the Navy pro- " they use u pier which costs $M,000, "is'ewl ol a
•' * 1 i . i  J .. unlf frwt ClI .000 imWi nr
una no mote.
posed to give this sura for its construction, and
the patentees accepted the proposition. The Sen-
ator could easily have ascertained this in the Navy
Department, when he was getting the facts he
brought to the notice of the Senate; and I regret,
that he did not do so, for, as I said before, nothing
13 so detrimental to the passage of bills for Cali-
fornia as the enormous amount it is supposed
works of this description will cost in that country.
If the Senator had stated that his principal opposi-
tion to the bill, was because it cost ^840,000 to
buiid a basin and railway, then his argument ij material than stone.
would have had its fair and legitimate weight upon -j Well, sir, what wilt a stone piei c > . d
the Senate. But he does injustice to the measure ;i that the permanentvtharf now^ e. * •
when he swells this item of §840,000to $2,000,000. ,| atPensacola, ^already costS414,o93 33,andlit is
Attain, the Senator says: " No Secretary of the , but httie more than halt completed. 1
Xavj- has over recommended this basin and rail- ;! assume that it will not cost les>.than $600,00U
w„y in . onnection with a dry dock." The Sena- when completed Tms is the kind of.ap ei o>
tor is not borne out in this assertion by the record, ;! wharf that will hase to he bail.in aditorni^i
as I shall show. I read fiom a report from the H we do not construct a_basin and ratUva> . As
basin and railway which will cost $1,000,000 or
1 $1,500,000." I shall now, sir, proceed to show,
that a pier cannot be bmltin California for $50,000.
j It must be built of stone; for it is a well-known
i; fact, that piers made of timber, in the Bay of San
i1 Francisco, are soon destroyed by worms. Such
I' a work would soon become useless, and constantly
liable to casualties. On examination it will be
:i found that no officer of the Government who has
.! any respect for his reputation, will recommend the
■i building of a pier, in these waters, of any other
I find
via i biittii suavv. i itwi luiui j - - . ,
m^r/HorDavid HenK ! CaSiS wU^e double what it is m Pensacola
ary of the *«vy, arid one of «he «>,!e.t that has j' more
e^'An'".rated «one took Z accommodate ordinarily,^ than the California'7 This
but vr«.'l at a tunc, and, dimns war, would hardly ai- ; agreed to complete them ior m CaUtorma. a s
?ofd th % facility* that wotild be needed. The Navy com- ,, floatinsr dock is useiess, without a piei, or oasin,
nn-~!oner*. hi a r^vM't dated Ffbiuary 17,1836, vf yOU build a pier, such as the Government
it might rrqmre twelve thousand days'labor to repair the
iiouoin of a «<"ventv-i'our—working in the longest dfljs of
f®H' Kut.iino;. Tn Midi a vum.\ n.any weeks, if not months, 1
nsu«t elapse before su^h a vi^el could be taken from the ;
ouuic to the comparatively small number of persons
who could work upon her at once iu s.o confined a place.
it you uuuu t*. piei,
should construct on that coast, it involves a much
larger expenditure than is proposed m this bill.
It should be borne m mind that the basin can be
also used as a piei'. It is to be built of stone, and
will be five hundred feet in length, and answer all
the purposes of a pier as well as a basin.
The Senator says, that" this basin and railway
is wholly unnecessary and useless." I have just
shown that the basin will answer all the purposes
.of a pier, and, therefore, the Senator's argument
falls to the ground, for it will be useful. But sup-
pose, for argument's sake, that he is coirect; then
this bill accomplishes the very object that he is
aiming at; for, m that event, it entirely dispenses
with the basin and railway. The bill provides
" that when the site shall have been secured, and
so soon thereafter as it shall have been ascertained
to the satisfaction of the President of the United
States, that the basin and railway at Philadelphia
or Kittery, are in full and successful operation,"
then he is authorized to contract for the construc-
tion of a basin and railway. Now, sir, there is
to be no experiment about this matter. This law
requires a certainty that the basin and railway at
Philadelphia or Kittery are in full and svcctifful
operation before a dollar of the public money can
be expended on a similar work in California; and,
sir, what is meant by " full and successful opera-
tion?" It is, that this basin and railway, in con-
nection with a floating dock, can take up a ship
of the line, with a full armament, place it securely
upon the railway, and as securely return it through
the dock to the water. When this is none, the
President can act under this bill, and not before.
Suppose that the experiment is successful, it is
one of the greatest improvements of the age, and
the very thing we want in California. It will
give us, for f1,450,000, the use of a dozen docks,
equal in capacity to the stone-dock in iN'ew York,
which cost §2,146,730 10. The Emperor of Rus-
sia has recently paid nearly $13,000,000 for the
building of seven stone docks; and here we have,
for an expenditure of less than ^1,500,000, docks
of nearly double their capacity. Need 1 add an-
other word to show the immense importance of
adopting this improvement in California, if it
should prove successful, where the price of labor
and materials is so great. I wish it to be borne m
mind, that the basin and railway must be proved
to be entirely successful, or this law, so far as that
matter is concerned, is a dead letter on the statute
book.
The Senator says, "We have now more docks
than there is any necessity for." But, where are
they? From Pensacola, round Cape Horn, and
up the Pacific to Bhering's Straits, there is no
dock; and because there are more on the Atlantic
coast than are useful, shall we, for this reason,
have none on the Pacific? Are we to be told that,
because money has been wastefully expended here
upon useless works, none shall be expended upon
useful works in California? I hope such will not be
the policy adopted toward us by this Government.
I do not agree with the Senator. I think these
docks, navy-yards and coast defenses, on the Allan-
tic coast, are necessary and useful; and, although
not on so extensive a scale, we need the sauie on
the Pacific. In order to show that we are not ex-
travagant in the demands we make on the Gov-
ernment for the defense of the Pacific, as com-
pared with the past policy of this Government in
defending the Atlantic coast, and giving to its
commerce the advantages of light-houses, [ have
prepared a statement of the amount of money
thus expended and estimated for.
The Atlantic coast of the United States, from
the northeastern boundary on the ocean to the
mouth of the St. Marys, is 1.450 miles. This is
the whole of the Atlantic coast of the old thirteen
States, and is less than our piesent possessions ou
the Pacific. Prom the mouth of the St. Marys
to the south cape of the peninsula of FloncL is
450 miles, making a total of the Atlantic const of
1,900 miles. I will now show to the Senate what
has been paid from the national Treasury to fortify
and protect this coast.
I take from the report of General Toften, Cnie-f
Engineer, on the subject of the national defenses,
and"will also add the estimate for new won:;! and
fortifications:
[From Report of General J. G. Totter., on the suije<t of
National Defenses.]
Fortifications cn+QtlnrAic CjusK with the cos* cf
constiuction and repair.—(Chcs jl,pug?s 9^-Ji-)
Maine No. l«o 5  $151,218
New Hampshire.. .No.   
Massachusetts No- 7 to 1.'  
Rbodp Inland  No. 16.  
Connecticut No, IS, 19 
17.001
:>'.72S
