
men, as aforesaid, a certain portion of the sales and proceeds of a large amount of cotton then in Tamaulipas, the property of citizens of the so-called Confederate States of American which cotton would be seized and confiscated by the Mexican authorities, and the proceeds divided between Captain Herbert and the paries in question."

The offense of which Captain Herbert was found guilty is of so grave a nature that it cannot be allowed to pass unrebuked; it is therefore ordered that Captain Herbert, be and he is hereby, reprimanded upon the case herein shown, and all officers are admonished against similar acts.

II. Captain Herbert will report in person without delay to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C. January 2, 1864.

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Orders, Numbers 1., January 1, 1864, assigns Major-General Curtis to the command of the Department of Kansas which will consist of the State of Kansas, the Territories of Nebraska and Colorado, and the Indian Territory, including the military post of Fort Smith; headquarters at Fort Leavenworth. Acknowledge receipt.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant- General.

NEW YORK, January 2, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Order McNeil to Saint Louis, and Carr or other officer, to be selected by General Steele, to relieve him at Fort Smith, as you suggest. The President's proclamation indicates the terms upon which rebels can return to their allegiance. I start for Washington to-morrow.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., January 2, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Tenth [Kansas] Regiment left this morning; eight companies from here and two from Fort Scott. Delayed two days by muster and intense cold weather.

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.

POST NEOSHO, MO., January 2, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Commanding Southwest District of Missouri:

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 153, headquarters Sixth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Springfield, Mo., I assumed

