
can strike him on your way back, provided you are not encumbered with prisoners or wounded. Wishing you every success and feeling sure you will make your mark, if you get a chance, and relying on your prudence to reach Jacksonport without McRae knowing it,

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, January 17, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: Your telegram referring to a communication over my signature has been received. Anticipating the occupation of the border counties, I wrote a note to the General Assembly that was published in the Saint Louis papers. The consideration of the subject was referred to a special committee and a bill will be reported. As the action of the General Assembly will in no manner interfere with the military authorities, and as they have already taken the steps to legislate on the subject, I do not see how I can interfere to stop further proceedings. Upon a more careful reading of Special Orders, No. 8, I see that I misconstrued its intention and will act accordingly.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

JANUARY 17, 1864.

Major-General POPE, Milwaukee:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 12th instant in regard to the Sioux Indians in British territory is received, and will be submitted to the Secretary of War for the consideration of the President. Probably the matter will be made the subject of a communication to Lord Lyons. In one of your former dispatches, you spoke of fitting out an expedition in the spring against the Indians in the Territories of Dakota and Idaho. I think it would be well for you to submit your plans more fully, in order that they may be laid before the President and Secretary of War, and the proper instructions given to the heads of the bureaus for supplies, &amp;c.

Please state what troops you propose to send into the Indian country, what supplies that cannot be obtained in your department you will require, where they should be sent, at what time, &c. I presume it will be necessary to collect at least a part of them during the winter. As you may wish to wait for further developments before deciding definitely upon your plans, I do not aks for an immediate reply. Keep the subject in mind and give us as early and full information as you can. As the demands of the principal armies in the field for re-enforcement are very pressing, these proposed Indian expeditions should be made as small as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

