
been so reduced by details that they can scarcely furnish couriers. Enrolling officers are constantly asking for assistance to enforce the law, which in most cases I am unable to render. On the 2nd of this month I had the honor to address department headquarters on the subject of a new cavalry regiment in the lower portion of this district to meet pressing necessities. No reply was received until yesterday, and then of an unfavorable tenor. I shall do all in my power to limit the impending raid of the enemy to the smallest limits, but it will interfere seriously with the little preparation already made by the citizens below to raise bread.

I beg to inclose a condensed statement of operations connected with crossing of arms.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 27, 1864.

Major General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

GENERAL: In reply to that part of your communication under date of the 24th instant, asking a report in reference to the arms which were crossed to this side of the Mississippi River in january last, their number, and the disposition which as been made of them, I have the honor to submit the following: Colonel Harrison's command of cavalry was ordered to the vicinity of Gaines' Landing, and that officer charged with the duty of communicating with the officers on the other side of the river. General Dockery, with his brigade, wholly or nearly unarmed, joined Colonel Harrison, putting himself for the time being under orders from Brigadier General A. Mounton, to whom Colonel Harrison was reporting. Communication was opened with General Ross, the commanding officer on the other side of the river, and by the assistance of the troops on this side about 1,400 stand of arms were crossed and distributed among General Dockery's unarmed brigade.

Colonel Harrison awaited further actinon General Ross' part, but was informed after some delay that General Ross had retired within his infantry lines with the remainder of the arms under his possession, the state of the swamp between the hills and the east bank of the river rendering it impracticable to bring any more arms to the bank of the river at that point.

Two days after General Ross left the other side our troops wee withdrawn, Geneal Dockery to Hamburg and Colonel Harrison to Tensas Parish, to await further advices from Geneal Ross or Major Price, who was the officer specially charged with the duty of crossing arms on the other side of the river. Copies of all letters and reports which reached these headquarters relative to the crossing of arms have already been forwarded to department headquarters.

I have no later information from the officers on the other side of the river than the letter of Major Price, sent me by yourself, which was returned by courier of yesterday.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

