SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, Numbers 50. Camp Sumter, February 27, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Thomas N. Christian, of the Body Guards, and Lieutenant Bryson, Peerkins' cavalry, will proceed with the detachments from their respective commands to the neighborhood of Rondo, and capture, if possible, the marauders who robbed Mr. Twiggs and others in that vicinity.

II. The ranking officer will take charge of the expedition, and will exercise his direction as to when he is to return to these headquarters with his command.

III. All disloyal persons who have been distributing incendiary papers or Federal proclamations, as well as deserters or persons at large without proper authority or who cannot give a satisfactory account of themselves, will be taken up and either turned over to the civil authorities or brought back with them.

IV. The success of the expedition will depend upon a combination of caution and audacity, as the enemy to be entrapped is both wily, unscrupulous, and well acquainted with the country.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Drayton, commanding:

L. A. MACLEAN,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,

Camp on Lavaca, February 27, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Houston, Tex.:

CAPTAIN: I forwarded by last express a communication received from the Federal commander at Indianola by the return of our flag of truce. I have the honor to forward by this express a letter delivered on yesterday to my pickets by the enemy under a flag of truce. I delayed a few days sending the flag of truce in with the major-general's communication in order to obtain the services of Captain Tevis as its bearer. Captain Tevis reports the place fortified to some extent. A redoubt capable of holding 1,000 men has been thrown up near the court-house, and rifle-pits are dug wherever they can be made useful. The captain was able to get but a glimpse of the town inside their lines, as he was blindfolded and so kept during his stay. My opinion is that the force at Indianola and Powder Horn remains as formerly reported, or at least with but very little change. I have sent forward to the provost-marshal-general at Houston the 14 prisoners taken on the 22nd instant. I did not obtain any information from them.

I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JAMES DUFF,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BRIGADE,February 27, 1864.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE,

Commanding Cavalry Division, Camden, Ark.:

GENERAL: Your order in reference to the redistribution of arms in my brigade was received last night. I would state that I have

