
the majority of Monroe's regiment armed with rifles. In the other regiments I am and have been getting the long-range guns together to arm the flank companies. I considered this as the better plan; in fact, I know from experience that it was much better to have the flank companies of each regiment armed with long-range guns rather than to put all the arms of that kind in one regiment, and all the short-range guns put into another. I have found that mode (when the number of long-range guns is small, as in my case) to answer better, especially when it was necessary to detach a regiment or to send scout and pickets; it obviates the necessity of mixing men of different regiments and companies, as it is of great importance to have a few long-range guns with every regiment and detachments. I therefore respectfully request that you will so modify your order as to allow me to distribute the few long-range guns I have as I have commenced, as I am confident will be the best plan to adopt for my brigade.

I am very anxious to get rifles for all my men, but if I cannot do that I would greatly prefer having my arms distributed as I have them, in order to drill and use them as skirmishers. I feel confident that you will agree with me in reference to my plan for distribution, and that you will modify your order. Major Diffy has just returned from Little Rock, having been as bearer of flag of truce. He reports that from all fe could learn there cannot be more than 8,000 troops at Little Rock at the most.

Respectfully,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 28, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to apply to be relieved from duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department. As this is the first request of a personal character I have made to the Government, I indulge the hope that it may be favorably considered.*

With high respect, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

HOUSTON, February 28, 1864.

Brigadier-General BEE:

I am instructed by Major-General Magruger to inform you that he contemplates an attack on Indianola, if such a thing can be properly arranged, and will, after the plans have been digested, be attended, in his opinion, with success. This information is designed to be confidential and will be imparted to no one. The general desires you to furnish a plan and give him your view in regard to the length of time it will require to remount the dismounted troops of Terrell's, Woods', and Pyron's regiments. State also what amount of supplies are now at Elliott's Ferry and at the point 12 miles beyond,

