
feeling among the troops caused by the furloughing of State troops, &amp;c. A successful attack would inspirit and give new life to the army. I am acquainted with the country around Indianola,a nd would submit my plans if permitted to do so by the general commanding. I propose to take all the troops expect Colonel Gillespie's command. Strength of the enemy, from 4,000 to 6,000.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Camp on Lavaca, February 27, 1864.

Major W. T. MECHLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the detail for Greer's battery, as also the prisoners Rowley and Carbo, were sent forward to Houston on the 23rd instant, under charge of Lieutenant Ellis, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry. I have sent the 14 Yankees taken by major Brackeridge to Bernard Styatiion, to be carried to Houston under charge of Lieutenant Oge, Thirty-third Texas Cavalry. I am satisfied there is but little change in the condition or strength of the forces at Indianola. Some change must be made soon, as the water there will soon be unfit for use, unless, indeed, heavy rains ensue to fill their cistern, lakes, &c. The well water now used by them is very brackish and is much inferior to that obtained on the peninsula. A strong redoubt has been erected by the enemy near the courthouse, and rifle-pits have been dug where they could be made serviceable.

The officers sent with the flag of truce was able to obtain but little information, but by a little strategy he obtained a glimpse of their works, which he says are capable of containing 1,000 men; this is, as before stated, at the court-house, at the upper end of Newtown. I have as yet been unable to discover what defenses they have erected at the lower end. They have artillery placed so as to sweep the approaches to the town from the north and west. The communication of Captain Marmion, with the general's indorsement, has just been received and the information required will be forwarded so soon as I can hear from Lavaca. I do not put much confidence in the information obtained from the residents on Sand Point. Some of the people now residing there trim their sails to suit the times and will not do to depend upon always. I have ordered one of my men down to reconnoiter, who is well acquainted with that peninsula, and I trust to obtain some reliable information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES DUFF,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,San Antonio, February 28, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Major-General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that we are actively engaged in preparing to move to the front. One hundred and twenty thousand percussion caps arrived from Austin last night. Captain Williams

