
has made an arrangement to bring me a company from the Frio, and I shall be joined by many citizens while on the march. I have placed Captain Cotton's company, Fourth Regiment, Arizona brigade, on artillery duty temporarily. Captain Cloud's company has gone into Colonel Sweet's regiment. Captain Giddings is of opinion that the Yankee column is intended for Eagle Pass; Colonel Benavides seems to favor the idea. Inclosed herewith* are copies of communication from Captains Giddings, Samuel A. Belding, quartermaster's agent, and one of the firm of H. Seeligson &amp; Co. They are forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding I have the honor also to forward copy of extracts from communications from these headquarters to Captain Giddings, for the information and action of the major-general commanding.

Colonel Latham writes tat he will be here soon and that Mr. Campbell informed him he had completed his arrangements and would be here in a few days. Mr. Campbell contracted to supply the command with corn, &c., from Mexico. A copy of contract was forwarded to district headquarters. It is a matter of considerable importance and I hope much from Mr. Campbell's efforts in the matter. We expect the pieces, ammunition, &c., from Austin to-morrow. I shall endeavor to reach the Yankees, let them march as they may. The company referred to is of Captain Hudson, who, under authority from captain Giddings, approved by me, has raised 15 men he styles "guerrillas." He will soon have 25 men. He has already done good service.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 29, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Captain Freret's communication on the subject of railroads and telegraphic wire. As there was not sufficient wire reported to make an independent line, no orders were given to remove it. I will have it sent to department headquarters as soon as possible. Measures were taken more than a year since to insure the destruction of the engines and cars on the Baton Rouge railroad whenever the enemy threatened country between Livonia and Bayou Alabama last summer, with a view to removing this rolling stock, and was deterred making the attempt by the impassable swamp 5 miles in extent. At that time, too, I had entire control of the Atchafalaya, with steam-boats ruining on that stream and no danger of interruption by the enemy. The attempt will be made if the lieutenant-general commanding desires it. Instructions have been given to take to pieces carefully the engines and tenders on the Monroe and Vicksburg Railroad and remove them to a safe point west of the Ouachita. The iron on that road was also ordered to be removed and can be sent to Shreveport, if necessary.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

---------------

* Inclosure not found.

---------------

