
ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, Austin, March 1, 1864.

The Governor announces, in compliance with the provisions of an act of the Legislature, approved December 16, 1863, the appointment of the following general officers, who will immediately assume command of their respective brigade district:

Brigade District Numbers 1, Brigadier General John S. Ford.

Brigade District Numbers 2, Brigadier General John A. Griffith.

Brigade District Numbers 3, Brigadier General J. W. Throckmorton.

Brigade District Numbers 4, Brigadier General R. H. Cumby.

Brigade District Numbers 5, Brigadier General James W. Barnes.

Brigade District Numbers 6, Brigadier General J. D. McAdoo.

By command of governor P. Murrah:

D. B. CULBERSON,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Camp Sidney Johnston, March 1, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of communications 370 and 371 of 28th February, 1864. I shall order Woods' and Pyron's regiments to the vicinity of Elliott's Ferry, from which point they can be remounted in twenty-four hours after the order is issued. I presume that Gould's and not Terrell's regiment was alluded to in the communication; the horses of both regiments are in Fayette County, and an order sent direct from Houston to La Grande at the same time that it is forwarded here would enable the horses to move a day sooner than from here. Gould's regiment could meet its horses at Elliott's Ferry or Mrs. Sutherland's.

I shall delay the order to remount until the plans of the major-general commanding are matured, as it is almost impossible to forage them at any distance from the cribs, which now are in the upper part of Wharton County. The depot at Elliott's Ferry had on hand 800 bushels of meal and 400 bushels of shelled corn at last accounts. A full supply for all passing troops can be placed there in three or four days. I have sought information as to the depot west of Elliott's Ferry. The corn on the Navidad has been exhausted; so of Victoria and all the country below Clonton. Corn is yet in Lavaca County and within reach of the proposed expedition. I wrote a confidential letter to colonel Duff soon after my interview with the general commanding at Colonel Bates' residence, and requested him to forward me a map of the place and any information he might be able to obtain as to the position and strength of the enemy. His reply so far is to the effect that their number is 6,00, a strong work at the court-house at the upper end of Indianola and all approaches covered by earth-works and rifle-pits.

My plan of attack would be to send a regiment of cavalry by Green Lake and Coloma; thence down the big bayou to the bay below La Salle, which column would advance when firing should be heard at the upper end, crossing Powder Horn Bayou on the reef which forms at the mouth of it, taking the enemy in rear or remaining concealed to cut off their retreat. The enemy hold both towns,

