
Cabell for assistance when very much pressed by the enemy. Fifth. General Holmes has been directed, if it is practicable, to send General Cabell's command to the vicinity of Ultima Thule. The difficulty of procuring forage there may, however, prevent the change. If, however, it is made, you will not need Major Burnet's and Colonel Bass' commands as mounted men. Sixth. The commanding general directs that you forward the papers relative to Captain Baker's company, claimed by Major Burnet.

Very respctfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HOUSTON, March 2, 1864.

Colonel SANTOS BENAVIDES:

Major-General Magruger directs me to say to you that he desires to change the route of the cotton going to Mexico; that he wishes it to go by way of Laredo instead of Eagle Pass, and in order to facilitate the operation and to avoid difficulties he wishes you to make arrangements with the Governor of Tamaulipas for the introduction of the cotton, in order that there may be no fears in exporting.

You may remember the cotton seized by M. Milmo in Monterey. The major-general wishes to guard against such cases. If you cannot go to see the Governor of Tamaulipas yourself, you will send some one who possess your entire confidence.

Relying on your known intelligence to arrange this important business, I remain, &amp;c.,

J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff.

CAMP SIDNEY JOHNSTON, March 2, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff, District of Texas, &c.:

SIR: Previous to the receipt of your communications of the 29th I had ordered Buchel's regiment and all the artillery to a point more convenient for forage. I now order Gould's, Pyron's, and Woods' regiments and Hughes' and Moseley's batteries to move to a point above Elliott's Ferry, from whence they can be supplied with forage. The two points, Elliott's Ferry and Wharton, are equidistant from Texana, at which place the troops could rendezvous after being mounted.

The question of supply of forage has now to be met in but one way -the horses must go to the corn, as the teems, regimental, brigade, and division, are not able to haul the supply. The corn is now 74 miles distant, and next week it will be 100 miles, which will require so many days to halt it that the mules of the teams will consume all they can bring; thus this army must move back. I shall report in Houston in company with General Green on the 4th instant. Camp Dixie is too low down to be of much advantage in hauling supplies, as it is but 15 miles from here.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.

