
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 7. Shreveport, La., March 3, 1864.

I. Officers in charge of department depots of supplies will only issue under instructions from, or on requisitions approved at, these headquarters; but all reports, returns, &amp;c., will be made through the chiefs of their respective departments, at district headquarters. Commanders of district will cause the depots to be inspected from time to time by their inspector-general and reports forwarded to department headquarters.

II. Major C. D. Hill, quartermaster, will relieve Major J. Horace Lacy, quartermaster, as chief inspector of field transportation in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 3, 1864.

Major General RICHARD TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of a letter* to General Holmes relative to the cavalry brigade ordered to you from his district. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that, in the event of the enemy confiding his operations to the east of the Mississippi, and meeting with reserves there which require the withdrawal of part of his force from Arkansas, that district is the only one from which we can assume the offensive with reasonable hopes of permanent success. As it is possible that the enemy's movements may be such as to give us an opportunity of making a forward movement, the lieutenant-general commanding desires that this brigade shall serve as near as possible to the District of Arkansas. He suggests that if practicable it be assigned in the Sub-District of Northern Louisiana, and the cavalry now serving there be withdrawn and put elsewhere. He desires you to inform him by return courier whether this arrangement will be practicable. I am instructed to say that authority has been given for the organization of the cavalry regiment which you desired, and which you think will supply your wants in respect to mounted men.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 78. Shreveport, La., March 3, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. Paragraph VI, Special Orders, No. 72, current series, from department headquarters, is revoked. Brigadier General Thomas F. Drayton is relieved from duty with the Missouri and Arkansas troops at this place, and will report to Major General J. B. Magrugere, commanding District of Texas, &c., for duty. In relieving Brigadier-General Drayton from his command with a prospect of active operations before it, the lieutenant-general commanding does so in the belief that

---------------

* Probably that of February 29, p. 1009.

---------------

