
his services are needed in the District of Texas, where his experience and education as a soldier will be valuable in organization and drilling the new troops called into the field.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, March 3, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of communications reporting movements of the enemy. I do not feel certain that the enemy is moving anything at Berwick Bay except cavalry. I shall know certainly in a few hours. That a large cavalry raid would be attempted I previously advised you. The enemy attacked Trinity on Tuesday evening with seven vessels, some transport and some gun-boats. I have received nothing from General Polignac, who had received early notice that gun-boats had entered Red River, but Captain Devoe, engineer, has just arrived here from Trinity with the negroes and tools. He reports that General Polignac had thrown two of the guns into the river and buried one. The guns had just been brought down from Harrisonsburg and were not mounted, and, of course, were put out of the way by General Polignac. Captain Devoe reports that General Polignac has fallen back to Harrisonburg. He has his brigade, four light guns, and several companies of cavalry from General Liddell's command. General Liddell was at Trinity when the firing began. The enemy did not make any attempt to land at Trinity, but pushed on up to Harrisonburg. Their force is not large enough to leave the cover of their gun-boats. A reference to my correspondence on the subject of the Ouachita defenses will show that I was not unprepared for this movement. All that my means allowed was done to prevent it, and I had some hope that the rapid falling of the Mississippi would have prevented the ingress of boats. If it is deemed desirable to recommence operations at Trinity when the falling waters force the boats to return to the Mississippi Captain Devoe says he can recover the three guns. Mean time I have directed the officer to proceed to Fort De Russy with his negroes and tools and assist in the completion of that work.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

HEADQUARTERS WALKER'S DIVISION.

March 2, 1864.

Major E. SURGET, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: Yesterday about noon two additional gun-boats entered Red River from Old River. My pickets 15 miles below Fort De Russy have seen nothing of them as yet, hence the inference that they have gone into Black River. Distant firing was heard here yesterday afternoon between 5 and 6 o'clock in the direction of Trinity. By my direction Colonel Byrd dispatched a party of Cassidy's company yesterday morning to the month of Black River to gain information, but as yet they have not reported.

