
his army. I am told also that our cavalry are certainly in Sherman's rear and forcing him to told his forces in a compact body, cutting off all stragglers and duly destroying portions of his trains; that he was depending upon the country through which he travels for subsistence. From the rapidity with which he has advanced this is probably true, and if true we may confidently hope for the destruction of his army.

I suppose the seven gun-boats that have gone up Red River are for the Ouachita, as they have not arrived in the neighborhood of Fort De Russy. Their going up has broken into my arrangements for a trip across Red River, which was almost ready to start, mounted on mules. I had as well send up the mules to Marksville, as forage is a serious question with me now.

I forgot to mention that Mr. Yeger, who will reach your headquarters to-morrow, tells me he heard in the city that Banks had sent 13,000 troops to Berwick Bay for a trip by way of Opelousas to Alexandria. What do you think of it? Colonel Vincent wrote to Captain Kephart, who showed me the letter, that the enemy were being heavily re-enforced at Franklin, and were intending a move in that direction.

The unsettled state of affairs on the river and the other side will delay for a brief period my sending an officer over the river to take up the arms. I will make every inquiry that can be safely made in the mean time, and send as soon as I deem it safe. The detail for the consolidation of Fithzburg's regiment is being made and will be sent up in a few days. All that I apprehend here is that when these gun-boats that have passed up return to the Mississippi they will pay me a visit, thinking there is cotton stored here; but what I cannot protect I shall burn, no matter to whom it belongs. I [am] collecting ferry-boats at different places to cross the cavalry should the movements of the enemy render necessary.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. SCURRY,

Brigadier-General.

There are 29 bales of Levy's cotton, well baled band neat, here, that he shall not move until I have investigated the charges against him. Upon questioning Captain Yerger, it turns out that the 13,000 troops said to have gone to Berwick Bay went down the Mississippi River. This exploded the idea of Berwick Bay, the railroad being by far the most expeditious route. Pensacola or Mobile is their destination.

W. R. S.

GALVESTON, March 3, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUGER, Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I inclose the original draft of the report made by Judge Devine and myself. It was copied in duplicate and the copies signed by us both. I think you will find what you desire on pages 5, 6, and 7. I have to request that you have copied what you desire and return the report by some safe convenience, as I have no other copy.

I fear the order to relieve Cooper was not issued. If the inclosed report shall be of service to you I will feel gratified.

I have the honor to remain, truly, your, &amp;c.,

A. W. TERRELL.

