
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, La., March 7, 1864.

From the 1st of January to the 31st of May, 1864, lard will be issued to the troops in this department, when practicable, at the rate of 10 pounds per 100 rations, in addition to the ration of fresh beef.

The following articles may be issued in lieu of fresh beef or bacon:

Jerked beef, half pound per ration.

Fresh pork, three-quarters of a pound per ration.

Mutton, 1 1/4 pounds per ration.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, march 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward a copy of the True Delta, of the 2nd instant, which puts a new complexion on things military. Obviously Sherman has failed to accomplish his purpose from some want of co-operation. My spies report the Red River expedition as ready to start at once; also that Sherman will move across country to Monroe. After his rapid march of 350 miles Sherman will hardly be able to move for some days in any direction. Banks is certainly bringing back his troops from Mandeville, where he had some 5,000. I trust he may no move for ten or twelve days, for it will take that time to complete De Russy. We can make a formidable defense against gun-boats now, but the fort is in no condition to withstand an attack in the rear, and should the enemy advance in heavy force now we would inevitably lose the guns and material at De Russy. I am pushing everything to the utmost to palace De Russy in as good a state as it can ever be put, but it will never stand any protected siege. If the enemy advance at all, a heavy column of cavalry will move up the Teche and Boeuf, which will withdraw my troops from the vicinity of Marksville, or cut them off from the upper Red River. I have ordered Polignac to move at once to this point, leaving Liddell to cover the Ouachita and Black the best way he can. Any additional information will be forwarded at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 7, 1864.

Colonel W. H. PARSONS,

(Care General Greer, Marshall):

COLONEL: In inclosing you the within special order* I am directed by the lieutenant-general to say he has reliable information that a movement of the enemy is expected to take place very soon both from lower Louisiana and Arkansas, and it is desirable that you should concentrate your command at the very earliest moment

---------------

* Not found, but see Cunningham to Maxey, March 8, p. 1030.

---------------

