
practicable in order that it may be in readiness for prompt and active service. From your known energy the lieutenant-general commanding feels assured that no pains on your part will be spared to bring your command together with all possible dispatch.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS COMPANY C, DALY'S BATTALION,Calcasieu, March 7, 1864.

Lieutenant W. C. Smith,

Adjutant, Sabine Pass:

LIEUTENANT: Your note of yesterday is at hand. I have learned from Dr. McCall, who is down from Grand Chenier, that the commander of Louisiana District has sent a force into the nest of jayhawkers, and that force is capturing and killing them off, hanging the scoundrels. When the doctor left up there some 9 or more had been captured, a good many more killed, and they were them hemmed in a place called Tussan's Cove,and fighting. I would respectfully suggest, lieutenant, that General Taylor commanding this District of Louisiana, and as he has taken the matter in hand, we had best no be putting our little spoon in up there. So soon as I can learn as to the ways and means of crossing Mermentou I will inform you.

Respectfully,

W. J. HOWERTON,

Captain, Commanding Company C.

HOUSTON, TEX., March 7, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel GRIFFIN, Sabine:

I am instructed by Major-General Magruger to give you the following directions, as follows: Discontinue your scouting as far as Bolivar Point. Withdraw whatever company you have on that duty but continue scouting parties, at least to include the landing near the Cow-pen, on the beach. The general will endeavor to send scouts from Galveston. The enemy's infantry on the Teche (which has been reoccupied to the number of 3,000) is mounted. Send as large a cavalry force as you possibly can to Niblett's Bluff and push your reconnaissance as far as you can into the country and in some force, in consequence of the jayhawkers, who are committing all sorts of depredations. Please report how far your scouts extend into Louisiana.

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, March 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General DRAYTON,

Commanding Price's Division. Camp Sumter:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith anticipates a movement of the enemy from Little Rock, and has instructed Lieutenant-General

65 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT II

