
Holmes to have his troops in readiness for concentration at the shortest notice. It is the intention of General Holmes to meet the enemy whenever he attempts a farther advance and strike for the recovery of the Arkansas Valley. He directs that you make immediate preparations in this view; that you have a careful inspection made of transportation and all essentials for moving your division, reporting deficiencies of any kind found to exist, and hold yourself in readiness to march with ten days' rations. It is believed that the amount of transportation allowed by schedule is sufficient to carry ten days' rations, if the proper number of wagons be set apart from the trains exclusively for that purpose. Your attention is respectfully invited to General Orders, Numbers 15, recently issued from these headquarters, and which relates to the granting of leaves of absence, strict compliance with which the commanding general deems very essential at this time.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. BELTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 7, 1864.

Lieutenant General TH. H. HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding calls your attention to letter,* No. 2057, of February 22, asking what information you had of the enemy's plans and movements. No report has been received at these headquarters in reply. I have the honor to inclose copy of a dispatch+ from General Taylor, giving information of the plans of GeneralS Banks and Steele. From it you may see that active movements may probably be anticipated in your district in a short time. The commanding general directs that you report immediately what information you have of the enemy's position, strength, and movements, together with all you have been able to learn of his plans for the coming campaign. He directs that you also report all arrangements you have made for getting such information. Colonel Parsons' brigade has been ordered to rendezvous at Marshall, Tex.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 7, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch of the 5th instant, giving information of the enemy's plans and movements.+ Inclosed are copies of telegrams o Major-General Magruger directing the immediate

