
thinks these movements, together with those in the East, must leave your district for a time free from molestation. Should the expedition on Mobile fail or be given up, the whole of Banks' force may be thrown upon us, and therefore urges you to keep all your command (garrisons expected) thoroughly mobilized, so that as great a concentration as possible may be effected in the shortest time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI,Shreveport, La., March 8, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District of West Louisiana:

GENERAL: In acknowledging the receipt of your communication of the 6th instant* I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that the order for one of General Marmaduke's brigades of cavalry to report to you has been revoked. This will necessitate a change in your orders to Colonel Harrison. General Green's command is en route to you. Under the action of the Texas Legislature the State troops have been taken from General Magruger's command. After the departure of General Green's division he will not have 3,000 men in his district besides the garrison on the coast, and they will be moved up near Red River as a reserve in the event the enemy moves from Fort Smith. Major Douglas goes down to Alexandria by the first boat. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say he will report to you, and only such changes will be made in the plans of the works for the defense of the Ouachita River as you may direct. I am instructed to say further that in all the works on the Lower Red and Ouachita Rivers which have been superintended by the chief engineer of the department he was directed to be governed by your approval and to act under your instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

CAMP SUMTER, March 8, 1864.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, &amp;c., Shreveport:

GENERAL: I hope you will pardon me for very respectfully making a few suggestions as to the approaching campaign in this department. If it be true that the enemy has withdrawn the bulk of his forces from the coast of Texas, that fact must, it seems to me, relieve you of the necessity of keeping a large army in that State and give you an opportunity to concentrate your forces against and overwhelm one of the columns which he is moving against you, and with which he may overrun the department if you do not by quick and decisive action prevent their junction.

I am myself of opinion that General Steele's column, which has been recently weakened, is the one against which you can best move.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 488.

---------------

