
The defeat of it would be particularly fruitful of advantages to us not only in frustrating the enemy 's whole plan od campaign - for his other columns cannot move against you without the support of Steele's - but in opening missouri to our recruiting officers. I am sure that an army of 20,000 men led by yourself would be amply sufficient for the reoccupation of the valley of the Arkansas, and that if you, after taking Little Rock, will either go in person or send me into Missouri with a competent force, such as you might easily spare, we would no only be able to sustain ourselves there but to attract to our army thousands and tens of thousands of recruits. In confirmation of this latter statement, of which I have already left with you some proofs, I may say that Colonel Shelby informs me tat more than 20 of the men who fought against him on the Missouri River last fall have since enlisted in his command, and tell him that more than half of those who were fighting against him at the time would join our army if one strong enough to give any assurance of remaining in Missouri were to enter the State. I need not point out to you the immense relief which the presence of an army in Missouri would give to our overtasked armies beyond the Mississippi, and for whose relief it is our duty to dare much. I content myself, general, with making these suggestions without adducing any arguments in support of them, and beg you to believe tat they are made with the greatest deference to your superior information and wisdom, in which I fully confide.

I am, general, with the greatest respect, your friend and obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, Numbers 15. Camp Sumter, March 8, 1864.

Having returned from leave of absence I hereby resume command of my division.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

SHREVEPORT, LA., March 8, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUGER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say you will mobilize and prepare for movement all the troops of your command, except such as are necessary for garrison duty. He also directs you will see that the depots of supplies in Texas on the route to Alexandria are kept fully supplied.

Respectfully,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, March 8, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is a very dangerous feeling among the cavalry troops Texas; much dissatisfaction without cause. Under these circumstances

