
[Indorsement Numbers 2.]

JUNE 23, 1864.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Send to General E. K. Smith a copy, with instructions to have an inspection by a competent officer and a full investigation and report.

J. A. S.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers 69. Houston, March 9, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XVII. Brigadier General H. P. Bee, commanding army in the field, will order one light battery to the mouth of Caney; the rest, with the exception of the two ordered to Polk County, and Dashiell's and Gibson's, will concentrate at East Bernard Station; one section of Gibson's will be at mouth of Bernard River, the other remain where it is.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General J. B. Magruger;

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES

San Antonio, March 9, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

A. A. G., C. S. Army, Major-General Magruger's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 28th February no party of the enemy were this side King's ranch. the ranch was visited and plundered of some 100 horses by a band of Mexican robbers under Cecilio Valerio. Captain Richardson's company pursued but did not overtake them. A force of some 400 Yankees are reported by Yankee officers, who were in Corpus Christi, to be 35 miles south of corpus, and intend to make a raid upon the Nueces. I do not believe it. Captain Richardson is scouting upon a line from Agua Poquita to the lower road, and he has reported no Yankees. If they should come Major Nolan ought to able to drive them back. He must have at least 300 men, and re-enforcements are on the march.

Captain Skillman has gone above. Major Dickinson left for Eagle Pass this morning to adjust matters there. Captain Jones has organized his company, has been mustered in, and supplied. Captain Mintel will move to-morrow or next day for Eagle Pass. Captain Fly will muster to-morrow or next day. Captain Tate has been mustered in, and his command are at Lagarta by this time. Lieutenant-Colonel Showalter is moving. There has been some difficulty in procuring transportation. For the first time I see indications favorable to an early manning of Captain Christmas' battery. Colonel Latham left to-day for Eagle Pass. He will endeavor to furnish the money as requested.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

