
apprised of his progress by courier. He will order the infantry to proceed via Houston to Navasota; thence to Anderson, Huntsville, Crockett, Alto, Douglas, Rakepocket, Lick Skillet, crossing Sabine River at Grand Bluff, to Shreveport, keeping General Smith constantly informed of the progress by means of the telegraph and courier-line already established. He will take with him all his transportation and move with the least possible amount of baggage; if necessary, will impress transportation while on the route. He will use every exertion to hurry up the troops, as it is of the utmost importance that they should reach their destination without unnecessary delay. All leaves of absence and furloughs will be suspended except upon surgeon's certificate. Chief quartermasters and chief commissaries will make necessary arrangements, in view of the above.

* * * * * * *

[By command of Major General J. B. Magruger:

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

[HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,]

Shreveport, March 12, 1864.

General GREER, Marshall:

Lieutenant-General Smith directs you communicate immediately with colonel Parsons, and direct him to hurry up as fast as possible the assembling of his brigade. The movements of the enemy render it necessary that no time should be lost.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 12, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH

(Through Major-General Magruger):

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say to you that he has recently received information from sources which leave little doubt that the enemy are preparing to advance from Little Rock, Berwick Bay, and the Mississippi River. He feels assured that early in the summer, if not this spring, every resource in our power will be required to meet these movements, and he desires you to make every preparation to have your command ready for active service immediately and prepared to move to any point where they may be needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 12, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding Department of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding has received information from several sources that the enemy is withdrawing his

