
forces from about Fort Smith and concentrating at Little Rock, preparatory to a forward movement from that point in co-operation with forces from Berwick Bay and the Mississippi River. He directs that unless you know the information in regard to the Fort Smith force to be incorrect you move all of your available force, except such Indian troops as you may think it absolutely necessary to leave on the frontier, to some point in the southeastern part of your district. Near Laynesport, perhaps, will be a desirable location. Here they will be held in readiness to be drawn upon so that may be sent to support General Holmes, or to such other points as may by the movements of the enemy become necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,San Antonio, March 12, 1864.

L. G. ALDRICH, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor herewith to inclose copy of my communication to Colonel Steele, commanding post, Gonzales, together with extracts from letter of instructions to me from district headquarters.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,San Antonio, March 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel O. STEELE,

Commanding at Gonzales, Tex.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith copies of extracts from instructions from Major-General Magruger, concerning impressments. I would call your attention to the fact that my orders do not restrict me to any limits. I desire to cultivate harmonious relations with others officers, and have never failed to co-operate when in my power.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, Tex., February 22, 1864.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Expedition, &c.:

COLONEL: Your communication of 17th of February has been received. In reply I am directed by Major-General Magruger to say that you are fully authorized to make, through the proper officers of your command, such impressments of forage as may be necessary for your command, adhering, however, always strictly to the provisions of the impressment law.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDMD. P. TURNED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

