
without a heavy cavalry force it would keep my whole force actively engaged to keep that line secure in the face of such a force as Magruder has before us.

I take it for granted the remainder of the Third Division is on the way. There are still four regiments of the First Division in Louisiana, and two of the Fourth Division. When the whole corps and all its artillery is in Texas, and all the efficient men detained in the convalescent camp and about New Orleans are with it a portion of this column with that marching from the Rio Grande would with the aid of the cavalry above mentioned, make us strong enough to assume the offensive vigorously, with a fair prospect of beating Magruder in a hard-contested battle. I shall be very glad to receive you here, and will at all times be in readiness to aid you with all my powers, and to give effect to your orders with whatever ability I possess. I trust your health may now be such as to admit of your bearing the exposure of a campaign without subjecting you to the suffering you have lately experienced. I hope you will not think I have detained any member of your staff here, regardless of your wants and wishes; those I keep are such as I suppose, after consultation with Colonel Scates, Major Seward, and Major Ord, you would not care to have in New Orleans, and I am so poorly off in material here that they are indispensable to my operations here at present. You have only to notify me, when I shall send any and all you want, by the same steamer. I retain also a desk and printing press, in the conviction that you can replace them in a moment in New Orleans, and I cannot get them here at all.

I remain, with much respect and esteem,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Pass Cavallo, Tex., January 18, 1864

General BENTON:

SIR: The major-general commanding desires you to preserve the strictest vigilance in your front and in the direction of the bay. It is not believed that the cotton-clad Carr is destroyed. The engineer, Captain Baker, will visit Indianola to-day to make a reconnaissance and sketch with a view to defensive works. You will keep your picket-lines and vedettes well out and very much on the alert, and will keep them sufficiently strong not only to prevent an attack from without but to make it impossible for individuals to go beyond the lines. Persons offering themselves from without will be allowed to come in and be reported without deadly to these headquarters, but no one will be permitted to pass out without an order from these headquarters.

Respectfully,

HUGH G. BROWN,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF ARKANSAS,

Little Rock, January 18, 1864

Honorable S. H. BOYD, Member of Congress:

DEAR SIR: The Missouri Democrat of the 5th instant contains what purports to be a letter, or an extract from a letter, addressed

