
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,McNeel's Plantation, December 22, 1863.

Colonel FORD, Austin:

COLONEL; You will impress at once all transportation which you may require from all parties all except major Hart and the Niter and Mining Bureau, and will even impress their transportation if absolutely to fit our (your) expedition.

I am, colonel, in haste, your obedient servant,

EDMD. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Wharton, Tex., March 13, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER, Chief of Staff:

SIR: Your dispatch of March 12 are just received. I consider it necessary to leave Colonel Duff's command at its present location; the Second Texas, Waul's Legion, and Jones' battery at the mouth of Caney; Colonel Bates' regiment, with Gibson's battery, at Velasco and mouth of the Barnard, with Brown's regiment of cavalry for scouting duty on the coast. This leaves for the march to Louisiana the following commands: Buchel's, Debray's, Gould's, Pyron's, Woods' regiments of cavalry, Luckett's regiment of infantry, Moseley's, Hughes', and McMahan's batteries of artillery.

Should this disposition of the troops not be in conformity with your views I request that the necessary orders issue direct to such troops as you may wish to include in the march. All of the regiments named by me are on the march. Luckett's regiment, being ordered by way of Houston, will receive their orders more direct from your headquarters, although I have sent the necessary orders to him. So soon as the necessary arrangements may be made and the troops on the march I shall proceed to Livingston, Polk County.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.

Station of light batteries in the District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, March 13, 1864.

McMahan's battery will be in Houston to-night; Jones',a t Wharton; Hughes', Columbia; Willke's, on the march to Galveston; Creuzbaur's, Sabine Pass; Nichols', on the march to Houston; Dege's, Galveston; Moseley's, on the march to Polk County, Tex.; Christmas', San Antonio; Gibson's, on the march to Polk County, Tex.; Valverde, Hempstead; Dashiell's, Camp Davenport, near Lavaca,

Tex.

LESTRAPPE'S PLANTATION,

Five miles above Breaux's Bridges, March 14, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major E. SURGET, Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor of reporting that I have fallen back to this place. The enemy are now on this of Saint Martinsville.

