HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 14, 1864.

Major-General PRICE:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inclose to you copy of a communication from Major-General Taylor, and to say that Banks has for some time past been organizing an expedition at Berwick Bay, from which point he will no doubt soon move up the Teche, if he has not already commenced to do so. General Taylor's force is about 7,000 infantry, and he will soon have two brigades of cavalry. Being threatened with an attack both from Sherman and banks, he is obliged to hold his force near Alexandria till the enemy's plans are clearly developed. Instructions were given on february 4 for the establishment of a depot at Calhoun for the purpose of facilitating the movement of troops from Louisiana to Arkansas, or vice versa. The commanding general directs that you inquire and report how far these instructions have been carried out in your district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 14, 1864.

Major-General PRICE:

GENERAL: Dr. J. Taylor, from Missouri, has just arrived from Chicot, and reports the following:

Just in from Mississippi River. Intelligence received while there is: Nineteenth transport aground in the Arkansas River near pine Bluff; two gun-boats with them (one snagged and sunk in shallow water, guns in position); all the other gun-boats down in the mouth of Red River and Yazoo making preparations to ascend. The transports are richly laden with quartermaster's stores, worth near $3,000,000. The Yankees are very uneasy about them. Nearly all the troops reported left Little Rock to re-enforce Sherman. Three regiments (negroes) gone to Little Rock to garrison the place. Sherman and staff in Natchez. On Tuesday last his army reported to come on this side.* * *

In sending the above, Lieutenant-General Smith directs me to say that he does not rely upon the information entirely. So may contradictory reports are received that it is necessary to get correct information of the enemy's movements, and he requested you to use every mans possible to be kept posted in regard to their movements, and whether Sherman is being re-enforced by troops from Little Rock.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. MEEM., JR.,

Captain and Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS LINE OF THE RIO GRANDE,Laredo, Tex., March 14, 1864.

Brigadier General JAMES E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge this day the receipt of your official communication from the major-general commanding of the 2nd instant, and I would respectfully state, for the information of the major-general, that having anticipated his views in regard to changing

