
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. LOUISIANA STATE ARMY, Numbers 2. Executive Office, Shreveport, March 16, 1864.

The movements expected to be made by the enemy in this quarter will require the service in the field of every son of Louisiana. In this condition of public affairs the good citizen will lay aside every selfish and unworthy consideration and devote his whole care and attention to the public defense. At the call of the Executive the merchant must be ready to leave his clouting-room, the farmer his plow, the mechanic his tools, and men of other classes of labor their pursuits, to join with heart and hand in co-operation with the forces of the Confederacy to support the independence and liberties of the South. Every person in Louisiana liable to militia duty will hold himself in readiness at a minute's call for the defense of the State. Enrolling officers in the several parishes will rectify their enrollment so as embrace all persons now liable to duty. Captains of militia companies in the several parishes of the State will have their companies prepared to march instantly, on order, to the place of general rendezvous, which may be designated by the Governor. For the present the militiamen of the State will provide their own fire-arms. The Commander-in-Chief confidently expects that the citizens of Louisiana within her borders will emulate the manly virtues displayed by their brethren on the distant fields of the Republic, and manifest their devotion to the great cause of the South by a gallant defense of their homes and firesides.

HENRY W. ALLEN,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Louisiana.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 22. Camden, march 16, 1864.

The undersigned relinquishes command of the District of Arkansas. In taking leave of the troops and people with whom I have been so long associated I cannot refrain, in the name of our country, from asking at your hands a full and thorough co-operation in the views and plans of my successor. Nothing short of this will enable him to bring to his duty the full measure of his strength. No man knows better than myself how perfectly the most honest and zealous endeavors may be paralyzed by a want of confidence, and hence, in leaving Arkansas, I call upon you in her name to sustain him.

TH. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 23. Camden, March 16, 1864.

Lieutenant General Theophilus H. Holmes having been relieved at his own request, the command of the District of Arkansas thereby devolves upon and is assumed by the undersigned.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

