
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, Numbers 16. Camp Sumter, March 16, 1864.

Major-General Price having assumed command of the District of Arkansas, from which Lieutenant-General Holmes has been relieved, by order from department headquarters the undersigned assumes command of Price's division.

THOMAS F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 76. Houston, March 16, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXXII. The following will be the organization of the cavalry forces ordered from this district to Louisiana: Colonels Buchel, Debray, and Gould's regiments will constitute Hawes' brigade, and the commanding officer will report to Brigadier-General Hawes.

Colonels Woods, Likens, and Terrell's regiments will constitute Bee's brigade, and the commanding officers will report to Brigadier-General Bee. One light battery, to be designated by Colonel S. P. Bankhead, chief of artillery, will be attached to each brigade. Brigadier General Tom Green's will remain the same.

XXXIII. Colonel A. W. Spaight will proceed at once with his regiment, via Houston, Navasota, Huntsville, Crockett, Alto, Lick Skillet, crossing Sabine River at Grand Bluff, to Shreveport, reporting his progress regularly, by means of telegraph and courier lines already established, to the lieutenant-general commanding the department.

XXXIV. Colonel D. S. Terry will organize one of his regiments as soon as possible, and take post at Beaumont, Tex.

[By command of Major General J. B. Magruger:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,

Wharton, Tex., March 16, 1864.

Brigadier General P. O. HEBERT:

SIR: There are four at the mouth of Caney which are completed and ready for their guns. I respectfully request that you will cause them to be named in general orders. I would suggest that Fort A, on the plot, be named Ashbel Smith. It is the only work on the west side of Caney, and was selected and built by Colonel Smith on special authority of the general commanding. I need not say that the services rendered the country during the war by Colonel Smith have been as marked as they have been valuable.

Colonel Hawkins and Captain Rugeley, both planters on Caney, have shown unselfish and patriotic devotion to the wants of the army while it was in their vicinity, and it would be a compliment well deserved to name the forts for them should you wish to name them after citizens. The sand fort could with propriety be named after the constructing engineer who built it under the shells of the enemy.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.- The forts at the Bernard are also without names.

