
two columns from Fort Smith and Little Rock, but concentrate at Little Rock and garrison Fort Smith and operate them with cavalry. I have fully reviewed my letter of last night since the reception of yours to-night, and most respectfully call your attention to so much thereof as gives my views of the enemy's designs, embracing the extract of my letter of January 12, accompanying said letter. Your directions will be carried out. I beg, however, call your attention to the fact that if the whole available force is moved southeast - say, to Laynesport - it will leave this country subject to devastation by cavalry raids. The white force movable with cavalry should certainly be in southeast. I have Gano's brigade there. This constitutes the only brigade of whites I have. Well's battalion is partly at Fort Arbuckle, the rest at Fort Washita. Bass' regiment, now reduced to a four-company battalion, and Burnet's battalion are both dismounted and could not move with cavalry unless strengthened to a brigade, and are, i think, entirely necessary where they are, at Boggy Depot; all told they will amount together, when fully armed, to not exceeding 500 strong. Walker's Choctaw brigade is here, and on account of forage had best stay here for the present until I get a camp in regard to forage between here and Laynesport, which point (Launesport) can be made from here in three days with cavalry. This Choctaw brigade is the best Indian troops in the Territory. Stand Watie will do far better cut loose to operate in rear, &amp;c., than with any army. I mention these things as they are under no obligations, by the treaty, to go outside this Territory except voluntarily. Martin's regiment should at once be ordered here and added to Gano's brigade, which would make that a respectable command. I inclose you the last information received here from Fort Smith. I was absent on tour to Gano's brigade when the man was here, and did not see him. I do not vouch for its accuracy; certainly not in numbers, which are generally overestimated by citizens, but in the main I think is reliable. You can tell by comparing with other reports. The man is considered in this neighborhood truthful. I will shortly hear from my own men, when I will report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

DOAKSVILLE, C. N. March 15, 1864.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Agreeably to your request, I have the honor to report the following as the information I have received from Fort Smith, viz:

The Federals report 6,000 at the fort, including one regiment (Second Arkansas) fortifying at Jenny Lind. The regiments known to be there are the First Arkansas, Sixth and Twelfth Kansas, one Wisconsin and one negro regiment. The First and Second Kansas are sid to have re-enlisted for the war, and are going home on forty days' furlough. The negro regiment is encamped at Camp Johnson, on Poteau. The Others are encamped at the edge of the town, extending from Van Buren road to Little Rock road. They

