
are fortifying on the Little Rock road and on Sulphur Spring Hill, on the Texas road. The river in low and navigable order. Four boats as the wharf; six more looked for. Say they expect re-enforcements about April 1, but do not intend moving on to Red River before fall. General Blunt arrived last Wednesday. A convention to be held in Scullyville to-day; business unknown. Say they have 4 spies in the nation. I also learn from another person that a man of the name of Andrew Stanton has been through the nation into Texas as a spy, and has returned to Fort Smith. Stanton formerly lived in this nation. I do not know if he has any Indian blood in him or not. Said to be two regiments at Van Buren.

Respectfully, your obedient servant, &amp;c.,

FRANK PARKE.

NATCHITOCHES, LA., March 17, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I had the honor at 2 p.m. to-day to address you, inclosing a dispatch from Captain James McCloskey, written in the vicinity of Alexandria at 9.30 a.m. yesterday, giving information that eight gun-boats were at Alexandria, and that Captain Cassidy, who was in the vicinity scouting, thought from their movements that they would endeavor to get above the falls. That dispatch reached me at Cloutierville at 8 o'clock yesterday evening, and I left Cloutierville at 8 o'clock this morning. Had the gun-boats passed over the falls at any time before the afternoon of yesterday I feel satisfied that information of it would have reached me before I left Cloutierville, as, in addition to several mounted men with Captain McCloskey, I left several at Cotile. Up to this time I have nothing later from below. I went to Grand Ecore this afternoon. Found there the steamers Louis d'Or and Beauregard, with ordnance stores; the Indian No. 2, with quartermaster's stores; the Pauline and Anna Perrete, company stores; T. D. Hine, corn; Dixie, tools, &c., belonging to the engineer department; Countess, little or no cargo; the Colonel Terry, just leaving for Shreveport with sick and negroes. The Dixie will probably go up to-morrow with what she has on board and negroes. I have sent the Anna Perrette up the river for wood; have also sent the Louis d'Or for wood, and to lie after wording on this side of the river a few miles above Grand Ecore. She has a guard on board. Have ordered the other boats to keep some fire in their furnaces, so that they can get up steam without delay should it become necessary. Have also sent the Indian No. 2 some miles above Grand Ecore. The Frolic is at Grand Ecore with headquarters' papers, &c., on board. About 40 Federal prisoners sent up from Alexandria are at Grand Ecore. If I do not hear from the major-general commanding by to-morrow morning I will send the Federal prisoners to Shreveport, and possibly some sick from the hospital here. Of quartermaster's and commissary stores at this post the quantity is small. There is an ordnance workshop here, with tools, &c., and I understand 1,800 stand of small-arms, 300 stand of which are in good condition. There are also six 6-pounder field pieces. The number of sick here in hospital, 95. I know nothing positive of the whereabouts

