
about of our army. On the 15th instant at 12 p.m. General Walker, with Hawes' and Scurry's brigades, was at Tolbert's Bridge, 7 miles below Cheneyville. Randal's brigade was lower down, forming rear guard. Colonel Gray, with Mouton's brigade, was supposed to be not far from General Walker. Polignac's brigade left Alexandria on the morning of the 15th instant and reached Lecompte that night. On my arrival at Cloutierville I found that the line of couriers had been withdrawn to Natchitoches. On my arrival here to-day I ordered the line extended again to Cloutierville. I find here a number of dispatches from department headquarters, which I will endeavor to have carried to the major-general commanding with as little delay as possible, and will keep you advised of any important information I may get. I trust you will pardon the irregularity of my writing you. I have only given such information as I think it proper I should convey to the lieutenant-general commanding in the present state of affairs.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 17, 1864.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that it is absolutely essential that he should have immediate information from the enemy on the Arkansas, and that he should know without delay whether they have gone down to re-enforce Sherman, as has been reported. Two strong columns under Banks and Sherman have united, and by this time probably have possession of Alexandria. The commanding general thinks it most probable that one of General Marmaduke's brigades will be required in Louisiana should the enemy push on. He directs that it be put in readiness to move instantly, so that when the order is sent there may not be a moment's delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Wharton, Tex., March 17, 1864.

Colonel BATES,

Commanding Army in the Field:

SIR: The general commanding directs me to state that your command includes all troops from Duff's command in the west now stationed on the Lavaca River to the San Louis Pass. The following regiments and companies are in your command: Duff's and Brown's regiments of cavalry, Bates' Second [Thirteenth] Texas Infantry, Waul's Legion, and three batteries, Dashiell's, Hughes' and Jones'; also the fleet in Matagorda Bay, as well as Rugeley's company at Matagorda. The latter company is dismounted, all but about 20

