HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 18, 1864.

General PRICE,

Camden:

All the troops at Camp Sumter (Price's division) must be sent to Shreveport with the greatest dispatch. General Drayton has been informed.

By order of Lieutenant-General Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 18, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS F. DRAYTON,

Commanding, Camp Sumter:

GENERAL: Major-General Price was this day been telegraphed to send all the forces at Camp Sumter to Shreveport. Lieutenant-General Smith directs me to say he wishes you to prepare your command for the move at once and with the utmost dispatch. Major Snead, assistant adjutant-general, left here for Camp Sumter this morning. He is in possession of the views of the lieutenant-general commanding in regard to this movement, and has been ordered to confer with you. It is suggested to send forward pioneers in order to prepare the roads for a more speedy advance of the troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 18, 1864.

Lieutenant W. E. MARSHALL,

Engineer Troops:

The lieutenant-general commanding thinks it may be necessary to have the steamer New Falls City (now lying near Coushatta Chute) sunk in Red River just at the foot of Scopern's Cut-off. He directs that you proceed without delay with the steamer Osceola to the point where the New Falls City is lying. You will put a crew on board and take her up to cut-off, where you will hold her in readiness to be sunk on the approach of the enemy. Inclosed is an order for a crew from any negroes you may meet coming up the river. The chief engineer reports some sent up from Natchitoches. Should you, however, not meet them the inclosed order will enable you to impress them. An engineer and pilot will be furnished by the Osceola to bring the boat up. When it becomes necessary to sink her any assistance which you may require will be furnished by the officer in command of the steamer Missouri, which will be stationed near you. Should the enemy approach you will give the boats which may be below the cut-off time to pass before obstructing the channel. For details you must be governed by your judgment, though it will probably be well to fill the boat with earth, as rock cannot be had, so as to make her more stable. A detail may be sent down from

