
this point to take out her machinery. Captain James McCloskey, assistant quartermaster, now at Natchitoches, has been directed to notify you of the enemy's approach and when his last boat shall come up. You will do well to communicate with him as occasion may offer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 18, 1864.

Captain JAMES McCLOSKEY,

A. Q. M., in Charge of River Transportation

(Through Major-General Taylor):

CAPTAIN: Lieutenant W. E. Marshall, engineer troops, has been sent to take the steam-boat New Falls City from near Coushatta Chute and, if necessary, sink her in Red River just at the foot of Scopern's Cut-off. He has been instructed to call upon you for such assistance as he may need in execution of these orders, and the lieutenant-general commanding desires that you give him all the help you can. The channel will not be obstructed unless the enemy approaches, in which case he has been informed you would give him timely notice and also let him know when all the boats from below the cut-off had passed him. This information the commanding general directs that you give, with such other as may be service, to Lieutenant Marshall.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., No. 8. Shreveport, La., March 18, 1864.

The Congress of the Confederate States having appointed April 8 as a day of fasting, humiliation, and prayer, military exercises will be suspended and a strict observance of the day is enjoined upon all troops serving in the department. On the eve of a campaign in which our resources will be taxed to the utmost, and upon which the destinies of our people depend, we should humble ourselves before the Lord of Hosts, who give not the battle to the strong, but upholdeth the cause of the just. The lieutenant-general commanding therefore feels it his duty to invite the people of this department to join with the troops in invoking the blessings of peace and security upon our beloved country.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR. HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, No. 23. Camp Sumter, March 8, 1864.

This division will march for Camden at sunrise on the morning of the 20th instant in the following order: First, Brigadier-General Tappan's brigade; second, Brigadier-General Parsons' brigade; third, Brigadier-General Churchill's brigade, and fourth, Brigadier-

67 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

