
the lieutenant-general intends to push it down to Natchitoches. Should the enemy advance from Alexandria, which is thought likely, it is the intention of the lieutenant-general commanding to bring matters to an issue, which he hopes will enable him to transfer a sufficient force to your district to regain the Arkansas Valley. In your communication of the-instant you report the enemy concentrating at Pine Bluff with the apparent intention of advancing on Camden. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say he thinks it most probable that if an advance is made from Pine Bluff it will be by way of Monticello, Bastrop, and Monroe, as this would put the enemy in co-operation with any movement from the Lower Ouachita, and besides affords him abundant supplies, while the section he would pass through in moving by Camden could furnish him no sustenance whatever. He directs that you have your scouts closely watch for any movement in that direction. Should the enemy move, your superior force of cavalry will give you great advantage. Every effort should be made to embarrass and rear, interrupting his communications, and destroying his trains, as well as by opposing him at every point which may afford facilities for making a stand, and by destroying as you fall back all supplies which might be used by him. Should it become absolutely necessary you will fall back upon Shreveport, where the works will give additional security, and where you will be in reach of support from General Taylor. General Cabell should be held in supporting distance of General Marmaduke, so that their commands can be quickly united should it become necessary. General Maxey's whole command has been ordered to the vicinity of Laynesport, and will, in the event of your retiring upon Shreveport, cover the crossings of Red River near Fulton and above that point. The lieutenant-general commanding suggests that you put yourself in communication with General Maxey.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Camp Barnard Bee, March 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to Special Orders, No. 75, from Brigadier-General Bee, dated March 17, 1864, I have assumed command of the army in the field.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

J. BATES,

Colonel, Commanding Army in the Field.

REGIMENTAL HEADQUARTERS,

Galveston, Tex., March 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff, Houston, Tex.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following statement for your consideration: On or about the 20th of November, 1863, I dispatched a flag-of-truce boat, the sloop Belle Italia, from Corpus

