
elements of efficiency as to prevent its flagging or failing to prove a living, active military force, making itself felt throughout its whole line. Should the measure be accepted and adopted, it would be expedient to move in the matter at once and have the necessary order issued to have this force raised throughout the whole line at the same time. Officers required for commanding these companies, squadrons, and battalions could in part, at least, be found among the supernumeraries of the armies, who might be ordered to report to these headquarters for that purpose.

L. P.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 26, 1864.

After a careful consideration of this whole proposal, both its practicability and policy seem to me doubtful. By a series of fortuitous circumstances not to be reasonably expected the river expedition might be attended with temporary success. The proposed plan for raising land forces and holding the whole Mississippi River from Cairo to New Orleans, it occurs to me, would demoralize our troops and have them destroyed in detail.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 21, 1864.

Colonel W. L. JEFFERS,

Commanding Regiment Missouri Cavalry, Minden, La.:

COLONEL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that without delay you send a detachment to scout thoroughly the old Claiborne road leading from Minten to Natchitoches and the roads lying between that road and Red River. You will establish lines of couriers and make such other arrangements as may enable you to give timely warning of the enemy's approach both to department headquarters and to district headquarters at Natchitoches should any movement be made in that direction. You will continue, till further notice, to scout down at least as far as the Natchitoches and Monroe road, and further, should you deem it proper. You will do well to put yourself in communication with Colonel Harrison, whose scouts probably extend as far west as Alexandria.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 21, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 16th and 17th instant in relation to the strength and movements of the enemy and asking that Martin's regiment be sent to you. Inclosed is an

