
Fort Smith. The Arkansas River has been up, and the boat landed at Fort Smith with corn; another got aground below Fort Smith, and discharged her freight there. When these men left Captain Adair had received no news from Fort Gibson, but news from there was daily expected through a woman who had been sent in there. These men had been left by Captain Adair to receive this news, but as Pin women had informed Crabgrass' party of their whereabouts they were compelled to leave, making, however, such arrangements as would secure the information expected. Captain Adair is up there, and would not leave until he had received reliable news from Fort Gibson. He may be expected in about eight or ten days. This morning 6 more men were sent up to Captain Adair, who is instructed to send in information of anything worth reporting. Sam. H. Gunter has got the men he selected (13), and they are placed under his orders as directed. Any report coming to these headquarters from above will immediately be transmitted to the brigadier-general commanding.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

STAND WATIE,

Colonel.

P. S.-Before this party of 3 left, the Arkansas River was fordable.

[Inclosure No. 2.] HEADQUARTERS COOPER'S DIVISION, INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Washita, March 21.1864.

Captain T. M. SCOTT,

A. A. G., Dist. Indian Territory, Fort Towson, C. N.:

CAPTAIN: I have the acknowledge receipt of General Maxey's communications, dated 16th and 17th instant, with inclosures, and to say that I have no recent reliable information from Gibson or Fort Smith. It is rumored that active preparations were being made at the former for a move, direction not known; also, that the Federals had abandoned Fort Smith and retired to Van Buren, and were fortifying at Log Town (which is the hill overlooking Van Buren), on the Fayetteville road. I have a scout near Fort Smith, from whom reports are now due; have also a trusty spy at or near Gibson with 6 men, who will remain there until May 15 and report from time to time anything occurring of importance. Instructions given to Sam. H. Gunter and party, just about starting to Fort Smith, to also lay around there until middle of May and sent out a man occasionally to report as anything important may be observed. I will defer a more full reply to General Maxey's letter for a few days, with the hope of hearing from Captain Adair, who has been gone two weeks in the vicinity of Fort Smith. I will call your attention, however, to one fact. The troops who have operated in the Indian country were organized as an Indian expedition in 1862 from Kansas. It was made of corps picked up near Pike's Peak and in Kansas, outside the regular forces operating against Arkansas and under separate leadership. In the summer of 1862, when Curtis moved from Elkhorn down White River and on toward Helena, this force, under Weer, Salomon, Cloud, and Phillips, moved down Grand River to Gibson. I succeeded in driving them back and followed up to Newtonia, Mo., that fall. After defeating them at Newtonia this Kansas division (Blunt's) was re-enforced by Schofield, and

