HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 23, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt, by Major Snead, assistant adjutant-general, of a communication from Mrs. Sappington, inclosing a note from Saint Louis relative to affairs in Missouri, Indiana, and Illinois. I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say that he feels the fullest confidence in your selection of a proper person for the purpose set forth in the dispatch. I inclose a cipher for his use. You can fix with him a key-word, so as to insure safe communication. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say that if you can get timely notification of any general movement, as is presented, preparing he will send you through to head it with all the Missouri cavalry; and should such movement produce such relief in the department as will enable him to do so, he will push his whole available force after you. Neither the department or the Was Department key will be given to your agent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES CONFEDERATE STATES,Richmond, March 24, 1864.

General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding, Trans-Mississippi:

GENERAL: The following information, believed perfectly reliable, has just been received from New Orleans:

The plan of the fortifications and defenses of the city of Mobile has been sold to the Federal authorities in New Orleans, for the sum of $20,000 in greenbacks, by a Frenchman of the name of Augamard, and since that he has gone to Matamoras to cross the Confederate lines and act as a spy for the Federal Government in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

It is inclosed to you for your information, and in the hope that you may be able to secure and punish the dangerous enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 24, 1864.

Brigadier General E. GREER,

Commanding Conscripts:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say the information from below is such as to make it possible that the enemy's cavalry may make a dash upon this place. Price's division will be here to-morrow. Push forward as rapidly as possible the concentration of Parsons' brigade at Marshall, so that in the event of such a move on the enemy's part you may be prepared to attack him vigorously. With your force of 2,000 cavalry, mounted on fresh horses, and the force which will be here we shall be able to render

