
these schemes might be valuable. I have written an official letter referring the case to General Magruder; as he will probably not have time to give it an attentive examination General Smith hopes you will do so.

Very truly,

E. CUNNINGHAM.

HOUSTON, March 24, 1864.

Colonel BENAVIDES:

I have learned that Governor Vidauri has a number of pieces of artillery with carriages complete, also a quantity of ammunition for the same, which he will sell at reasonable rates, the prices sent here not averaging more than $1,200, this amount to be paid in silver on delivery of the pieces this side of the river, also harness and mules for the same. I am directed by the general commanding to request you to write or send some one to Monterey to endeavor to purchase these articles. Major Lea, agent of cotton bureau at Eagle Pass, will pay for them. It is needless for me to say to you, colonel, that great secrecy and care must be used in this matter. Your agent must see the Governor personally and deliver your letters, and must not breathe a word of it to any one. Major Lea will send you this letter.

J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SHREVEPORT, March 24, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Houston:

Lieutenant-General Smith says push on as fast as possible the ammunition for cannon and small-arms at any cost. Direct the officer in charge to telegraph his progress at the different stations along the route.

GEO. WILLIAMSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 74. Houston, March 24, 1864.

Many complaints having reached the major-general commanding of grossly improper conduct on the part of some of the troops under his command, and particularly of Captain Williamson's company of cadets, the major-general commanding dispatched to the scene of the alleged occurrences a special agent to inquire as to the truth of the reports, and to procure testimony, under oath, in relation to them. Many affidavits were brought back by this agent, charging some of the officers and men of Captain Williamson's company with the commission of gross offenses against the rights and property of several citizens, male and female. The affidavits disclose the names of but few officers and men, but set forth that many of the offenses were committed by parties of soldiers from that company, and at various times. When the affidavits were received by the major-general commanding,

