
Large nice valley on the Bayou Doty Creek, mostly owned and cultivated by William Merriweather, a wealthy country merchant and treasurer of---lodge, which meets in a commodious hall in the upper story of his store-house.

Nice rolling land, of better quality; good timber, cut off near Marmaduke's camp.

Land flat and clayey, of a reddish color; does not produce very abundantly of anything. About a mile from the creek the road crosses the Sulphur Rock road at right angles. Sulphur Rock due south 7 miles.

Descend long, steep hill a mile in rear of town; cross creek three times; good, gravelly fords. Land flat and clayey; road good. Rise on high land at the nursery. Hokes driven from home by secesh.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., January 18, 1864

Captain CASTLE,

Commanding Detachment Eleventh Missouri Cavalry on the South Bank of White Bear,near Batesville, Ark:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed immediately with 75 men, properly officered, armed, and equipped with three days' rations, to the Grand Glaize, about 18 miles below Jacksonport, on the west side of the river, you will kill every armed rebel you meet with who is clothed in Federal uniform, and shoot all bushwhackers. Take only those men who are really Confederate soldiers as prisoners. Scout around the Glaize until the steamer in charge of District Quartermaster Thompson has passed that point safely, and then return to this place without delay. The protection of the boat will be paramount to everything else, and the colonel commanding relies upon your good sense and judgment to bring this expedition to a favorable termination. Be sure to guard against surprise. Should your rations give out, you will live off the country, giving receipts for all you take, and ordering the parties to whom receipts are given to report with them at these headquarters for payment. You will press a guide at any house you may come to. If he plays you false, shoot him. Take a guidon, that you may make yourself known when the boat passes.

By order of Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding district:

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, MO., January 18, 1864

General FISK:

My scouts came in this evening from near Doniphan. They could hear of nothing. All quiet in that quarter. I have scouts between Poplar Bluff and Bloomfield. I also have a scout in the vicinity of Barnesville, Reynolds County. I have nothing new from Batesville.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

