
this company was at a distance perhaps of 100 miles from Houston, and marching toward the enemy, who then threatened us; notwithstanding which, the major-general, being determined on justice, and to set an example, if the charges against this company should prove well founded, ordered Captain Williamson's company to Galveston and caused a full investigation to be made by one of his adjutant-generals, and the parties accused to be heard in their defense. This was done, and the report made with the record of the testimony in the case, and after careful examination of the same he announces the following decision, which will at once be carried into effect:

1. Captain Williamson appears not to have taken any part in these disgraceful proceedings, but he did not prefer charges against Privates Bowman and Erwin, of his company, though it was reported to him, as he states in his testimony, that these men had stolen a horse or horses; his duty was to ferret out this transaction to the bottom, and to have had the parties, if found guilty, punished with the utmost rigor. He is permitted to remain in command of his company, with this rebuke, and in the hope that in future he will understand that no sacrifice is too great for an officer to make to preserve discipline, even if his life be the forfeit.

2. Second Lieutenant Burton: This officer appears to have been guilty, even by his own confession, of having been on a drunken frolic in the town of Industry, and "of creating with others considerable disturbance in the town." He is evidently, from the testimony, unfit to be an officer, and will therefore be enrolled at once by the conscript officer at Houston, who will proceed to Galveston for that purpose, and assign him to such heavy artillery company at Galveston as may be directed by Colonel Cook, commanding that regiment, to whom he will be taken by the enrolling officer, with a copy of this order, as soon as shall have been enrolled.

3. First Sergeant Files: By the testimony of this witness in his own case, it appears that he accepted a saddle and bridle from a citizen if he would "let his horse alone." This alone disqualifies him as a non-commissioned officer. He is therefore hereby reduced to the ranks, and the next non-commissioned officer of the company will be the orderly or first sergeant in his place.

4. Privates Bowman and Erwin: These soldiers will be sent by Captain Williamson, in charge of 5 of his most trustworthy men and a commissioned or non-commissioned officer, to the country where the alleged crime of horse stealing is said to have been committed, and will be turned over to the sheriff to be dealt with according to law. As soon as Captain Williamson shall have been furnished with the receipt of the sheriff he will cause the persons to be dishonorably discharged. One is represented to be about fifteen years of age and the other sixteen. The major-general commanding will not disgrace any corps by allowing them to serve in the army.

5. Captain Williamson's company of cadets is hereby dismounted. It will preserve its company organization and be attached temporarily to Cook's regiment of heavy artillery. It will be drilled three times a day at the heavy guns until it is perfect in heavy artillery. The horses of the cadets will be apprised by a board of officers, which will be appointed without delay by the commanding officer at Galveston and turned over to the quartermaster's department, which will pay for the same in money or give certified accounts in payment. The major-general commanding confidently trusts that

