
Mexicans as well as Yankees. The couriers from Colonel Benavides affirmed that the party which attacked Laredo came up on the other bank of the Rio Grande and passed over just below the town, Captain Shive is here. He will report concerning the subsistence stores on hand. He has been faithful, indefatigable, and efficient in the discharge of his duties. No man could have done more that he has under the circumstances. It would be impossible for me to supply his place. To effect much here requires an acquaintance with the people and the country. He has the confidence of all classes. I respectfully request the major-general commanding to allow him to report to me for duty as soon as his accounts are adjusted. In this request I am joined by all my officers. We are still finding cotton. I shall leave to-day for the San Fernando.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,Fort Towson, C. N., March 25, 1864.

Captain R. W. LEE,

Insp. General, Dist of Ind. T., now at Gano's Brigade:

COLONEL: Your letter of 22nd instant came to-night, and I reply seriatim:

Fist. I have already ordered (and the order has been regularly distributed) that white men enrolled in the Territory be assigned to the white regiments within the Territory. If men put themselves within the limits of this command of their own volition they must take changes. You will please give the necessary information in regard to these men to the enrolling officer of Gano's brigade, to the end that they be conscribed.

Second. I know nothing of this "Captain Tyler." If he and his men belong to a command they have no business here, and should at once be sent out of the Territory. The proper papers should be required. If they have not satisfactory evidence they should be conscribed. Please have this attended to.

Third. I hope the arrangement contemplated between Captains Pitchlynn and Robinson will be perfected. Surely some sacrifices should be made for the common good.

Fourth. The suggestions in regard to the field officers of the Third Choctaw Regiment are well-timed. I will so modify this order as to give an opportunity to the men to vote when gathered. It may be impolitic to wait till the whole ten companies are assembled, as that may never be, but will direct an election on a given day after a majority of the companies have got together. This will hurry up the tardy. You can give this assurance. Say, also, that I will not incorporate white companies into the regiment. Phipps' company does not belong here, and is now under General Cabell. Please say to the brigade inspector that Martin's regiment has been ordered to this district and to Gano's brigade, and when it reports an inspection will at once be made and returned to you. You will please give all necessary instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

