SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, No. 74. Shreveport, La., March 26, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XI. The troops of the Missouri and Arkansas divisions under the command of Brigadier-General Drayton will be held in readiness to take the field without delay. The transportation of the division will be reduced to the minimum of the following schedule: One 6-mule wagon will be allowed to every 100 men; two 6-mule wagons will be allowed to each division headquarters; one 6-mule wagon will be allowed to each brigade headquarters; one 6-mule wagon will be allowed to each regimental headquarters; one 6-mule wagon will be allowed to medical department of each regiment; one 6-mule wagon will be allowed for ammunition for each battery of artillery; twenty 6-mule wagons will be allowed to convey a sufficient amount of ammunition to make up 100 rounds fore each man. The remaining wagons of the command will be divided into a general ordnance train of thirty wagons and into two general supply trains, each of which will be placed in charge of an energetic and efficient officer detached for that duty. The transportation will be prepared at once to move to the field with the troops.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY,

Fort Towson, C. N., March 26, 1864.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi Dept., Shreveport, La.:

GENERAL: I this morning sent by special express to Cabell's brigade, to be thence forwarded, some important information. I think it may be regarded as fully reliable. The informant has held important trusts in civil life before the war and in the Army, and is vouched for a strictly reliable. By the same bearer I forwarded the information to Generals Gano and Cabell, and requested Cabell to forward to General Price. It seems to me Cabell ought to make a good thing of it. I also send you some late papers. The Yankees admit a terrible thrashing at Olustee, Fla. I do not know which of the Gardners commanded on our side, Frank or Montgomery. Seymour managed, or, by their account, mismanaged, the Yankee concern. See the special from Washington to the New York World, March 1, in which the retreat of Grierson and Smith is called disastrous. God grant that we open as auspiciously on this side. If Taylor could only get force enought to beat back this concern coming through Louisiana, and then by a rapid concentration of all available strength against Steele, the game is in our own hands. It will never do to let those columns get together. Evidently, if my information is correct, this little affair starting down to Arkadelphia ought to be taken in by Cabell and Marmaduke. Fort Smith will be so weakened as to make the taking of that practicable without much trouble, and of course Fort Gibson when "grass rises." I have authorized Gano to push a scout as far up to the Arkansas River as practicable, and if practicable burn those grounded boats.

