
Our cavalry, in my opinion, is altogether too prudent. The whole campaign should be a bold me. As many troops as can be thrown together and maintained should be, and you ought to take them in hand yourself. I believe no man on this side could effect so much. It does seem to me that if we could recover Fort Smith, and of course Fort Gibson, and maintain troops that high up, that a small cavalry force energetically managed could effect a great deal on their lines of communication, gathering recruits, stragglers, &amp;c., and in smashing up this miserable Yankee attempt to erect a State government in Arkansas, besides the moral effect produced by regaining the whole of this Territory and Western Arkansas. I hope you will not consider me as dictating your campaign. I only desire to say to you how the thing looks to me. Their effort is to concentrate. To do this one of their columns must pass by two armies, or each of the columns drive back before it the force opposed to it. The result in the end will be the concentration of our forces, but, if their plan succeeds, not until they have at first got together. I would think that Price and Taylor and Magruder could get together and take them one at a time. The most brilliant victory I now remember on the Peninsula (though I have not read Napier in a great while) was in this way. My great desire first for my country is that complete success crown all your efforts, and if I could throw out a single thought of value that had not occurred to you I wold gladly do so.

Very respectfully, your friend and obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &C., No. 86. Houston, March 26, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

XVI. Lieutenant Colonel P. Fulcrod, commanding Battalion Cadets, will proceed with his command to Houston, Tex., reporting on his arrival at these headquarters.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

[By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, La., March 26, 1864.

Major-General MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &c.:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith directs that all spare arms and ammunition be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. There are between 4,000 and 5,000 unarmed men ready for the field.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

