HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C.,Houston, March 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copies of my correspondence with Governor Murrah in reference to the State troops.

I will state, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding, that the proposition made by Colonel Culberson, to waive the right of the State to the conscript element under forty-five years of age, was contingent upon my willingness to leave the rest of the troops remain at home and my waiving all claims to those over that age. This I declined, believing that the new conscript law imposed obligations which could not be disregarded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 1.] HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA, Houston, February 21, 1864.

His Excellency P. MURRAH,

Governor of Texas:

GOVERNOR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to present the following suggestions in reference to the reorganization of the State troops:

First. The State troops furloughed and the men just enrolled will assemble at the battalion camps in their respective brigade districts on the 15th day of March next, and within five days thereafter will be organized into companies of not less than 100 or more than 125, rank and file, the officers being elected by the men. The organization will be conducted by the brigadier-general or senior officer of militia present, who will certify to the correctness of the muster-rolls.

Second. The captain of the company first organized will have seniority of rank, and will immediately assume command of the camp.

Third. In view of the great preponderance of cavalry in the Confederate army of Texas, and the immense drain the subsistence of this arm of the service is upon the agricultural resources of the State, Major-General Magruder has called upon the Governor for an infantry force alone. No cavalry, therefore, will be received.

Fourth. The senior officer of the previous organization of State troop present will act in conjunction with the brigadier-general or senior officer of militia, and upon the muster-rolls being complete the brigadier-general or officer mustering the troop son the part of the State will turn over one copy of the rolls to the captain of the company, two copies to the senior officer of State troops present, and retain one copy himself, to be forwarded to the adjutant-general's office at Austin.

Fifth. The muster-rolls will be made out as follows: Muster-roll of Captain ----, Company -, Texas State Troops, mustered into the service of the State of Texas, on the - day of ---, 1864, by ---, mustering officer. By order of His Excellency, P. Murrah, Governor of Texas; and placed under the orders of Major General J. B. Magruder, commanding District of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, for the term of six months, unless sooner recalled or discharged.

