
small. I would respectfully call your attention to the last clause of paragraph I, General Orders, No. 6, current series, from General Lee's headquarters. Its execution will only serve to increase the blockade-running, for when the people are satisfied their wagons and horses will be returned to them if caught it will only serve to diminish their fear of detection.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. H. TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General MARTIN,

Commanding State Troops:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Smith requests that you will call out the armed State troops of your district and direct them to report to Brigadier-General Greer, at Marshall. He wishes to urge upon you the fact that the enemy from Arkansas may be expected at any time to move into the northeastern counties of Texas.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HOUSTON, March 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

Laredo attacked on 19th instant. Enemy's force, 200, repulsed; supposed to be advance guard. Not known whether it is a raid or an advance on Eagle Pass. Three hundred infantry, twelve pieces of artillery, near Rio Grande City.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

ARTY. HDQRS., DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ.,

Houston, March 30, 1864.

Captain W. A. ALSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the stations of light batteries in this district:

First. Creuzbaur's battery, Sabine Pass.

Second. Dege's battery, Galveston, under command of Major H. Willke.

Third. Willke's battery, Galveston, under command of Major H. Willke.

Fourth. Hughes' battery, Camp Wharton and Velasco.

Fifth. Jones' battery, Cedar Lake.

Hughes' and Jones' batteries are under the command of Major Hart, Jones furnishing artillery for Caney and Hughes for Velasco. They are foraged from Perry's Landing, on the Brazos.

