
conflict with orders I may hold from the commanding general, the boats necessary to transact the business of the post of Galveston will be promptly on hand to discharge said duty, upon a request by telegraph or letter being made to these headquarters or to Captain H. L. Lubbock, commanding Marine District of Galveston.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEON SMITH,

Commanding Marine Department.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La, March 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREER,

Commanding Conscript, Trans-Mississippi Dept.:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding desires that the militia you have collected, if armed, be so disposed as to cover the crossing of Red River in the vicinity of Fulton. The main crossings are those at Fulton (Pope's Ferry and the Fulton ferry proper), Dooley's Ferry, 10 miles below Fulton, and the crossing opposite Lewisville. The protection of these crossings is the only way for the militia to protect Texas. You will see that this taken them in some instances a few miles out of Texas but the lieutenant-general commanding feels assured they will make no objection to the service when they know its nature and objects. He directs that the militia be sent without delay to Fulton, and that the commanding officer be governed by instructions from Brigadier-General Maxey. The enemy occupy Arkadelphia, and may advance upon Washington.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shrevepart, La., March 31, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a map* showing the approaches to Red River in the vicinity of Fulton. The lieutenant-general commanding directs that in case you are too late to effect a junction with General Price dispose your forces so as to cover the crossings in front of Washington. The principal ones to be guarded are those at Fulton (Pope's Ferry and the Fulton ferry proper), Dooley's Ferry, 10 miles below, and the crossing opposite Lewisville. At low water there are fords between Fulton and Dooley's Ferry which it may be well to look after. All the militia which have arms and can be raised in the northeastern section of Texas will be sent to Fulton and held subject to your orders. Arkadelphia was occupied on the 28th by the enemy, from 10,000 to 15,000 strong, with twenty-five pieces of artillery (reported).

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

