HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 31, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of General Marmudake's dispatches of the 29th forwarded by you, and to says he advises that you concentrate your forces except that you have operating on the enemy's communications, and that you use every exertion to retard his approach without risking a general engagement, which you will not do unless you have such information of the enemy's strength or position as will giving you some prospect of success. He thinks that the enemy's arrival at Arkadelphia clearly indicates that he will move by Washington. The force from Alexandria is moving up Red River. All information indicates it to be the Thirteenth and Nineteenth Army Corps, under McClernand and Franklin, with a portion of Sherman's command. Should these columns of the enemy, from their superior force, resist or efforts to hold them in check, the lieutenant-general commanding proposes to concentrate when they come sufficiently near upon the one which the best prospect of success. The lieutenant-general commanding directs that you spare no trouble or exertion to get reliable and detailed information of the enemy's strength as upon the accuracy of this information will very much depend the success of our operations. I have the honor to inclose a copy* of a letter from Brigadier General S. B. Maxey, giving information of the enemy's strength and movements at Fort Smith.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., March 31, 1864.

Colonel A. W. TERRELL,

Rusk, Tex.:

Lieutenant-General Smith directs you to move your command by the shortest and most practicable route to Pleasant Hill, in Louisiana, 20 miles south of Mansfield and about 30 north of Natchitoches, unless otherwise ordered by Major-General Taylor.

By command of Lieutenant-General Smith:

GEO. WILLIMSON,

Major General Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, March 31, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff, Shreveport:

Cotton bureau have no arms. All received on my contracts issued in hands of men marching to General Taylor; 720 Enfield rifles belonging to State, conditioned not to leave. I send 822 to-day, with all ammunition possible; will send 1,000, repairing, in few days. All troops gone except minimum garrison; expect two new regiments

---------------

*Of March 26, p. 1085

---------------

