
tion of that region of country. Captain Wolfe estimates the strength of the enemy's infantry to be 40,000, exclusive of Steele's army in Arkansas which is supposed to be 20,000. Farragut having withdrawn from Mobile, we may expect him with his additional fleet on our coast in a few days. A serious attack will doubtless be made on Galveston, Sabine Pass, &amp;c. I have neither the State troops that were promised nor the conscripts which we are entitled to . A general demoralization, as I foretold to Your Excellency on your way to Austin last fall, has been the result of the course pursued by the State authorities. Companies have met, detailed themselves teamsters, and elected their captain wagon-master, to haul the State cotton, and then dispersed. I hear from all quarters that the organization is a total failure. I beseech Your Excellency to throw aside all other considerations and to use the authority which the Legislature gave you at its last session to enforce rigorously the conscript law, by which I think we may add one-half to our present force. Let there be a hearty, a totally unselfish and frank co-operation between us for defense and safety of the country alone. If personal friends or political adherents have to the grace to waive their pretensions in deference to the safety of the country they ought to except but little ceremony or courtesy from any quarter. The elvis which I predicted have been far grated than even I supposed. The demonstration complained of has extended in some degree to the Texas Confederate troops. This evil I could remedy with ease if I could find a court-martial that would do its duty. A stern and inflexible course in support of uncompromising discipline is the only means by which either Your Excellency or myself can succeed in having every man to perform his duty and in maintaining public order.

The Northern District of texas, I am informed from all quarters, is in a most deplorable and most dangerous state. Newspapers, from want of means, have been there discontinued, and the only intelligence they receive is that industriously propagated by the enemies of our cause. It is even thought contemplate forming a separate State government. When Banks shall have succeed in Louisiana and arkansas in organizing State Governments it will, in my opinion, be easy for him to do so in Northern Texas. I have provided for the speedy established of one or two newspapers in that region, but the remedy is the regild enforcement of the conscript laws and the occupation of the country by troops from other points of Texas, and there is no other remedy. I have written Your Excellency several letters on this object, because, from my position, perhaps, I feel the pressure of circumstances, involving danger to the State more seriously than others. Our condition is most unsatisfactory. The responsibility must rest with others.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HOUSTON, March 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. A. BROADWELL:

COLONEL: I have been through the counties designated in your letter of instructions of 11 th instant; have been in communication with the agents of said counties, and have seen also many of the

