
bales baled and 500 to 600 not baled, and he has received some bagging and rope; but several of the parties have, since the advent of the State agents, declined to comply with their contracts. In this region there are several parties purchasing, viz., the State agents, the San Antonio Aid Association (now stopped), and the Brazos Manufacturing Company. The bureau agent is consequently much embarrassed. In this section 60 to 75 cents is the price demanded. Lower down the river, in Grimes County, $1 to $1,25 per pound is the price. The agent for his and two other counties, Mr. Leander Cannon, is an energetic business man, and had bought, 6,000 to 7,000 bales, of which some 320 had been placed in the depot (Navasota); 220 bales have been shipped, leaving at Navasota 100 bales unapplied.

Prairie Plains is in the eastern part of Grimes County, and but little cotton is to be had in that vicinity. Mr. Cannon is exerting himself to place the required amount at this point. In Leon County, east of Robertson County, there are 500 bales baled and 850 not baled, that have been purchased by O. H. P. Cavender, agent for commissary department, and for the niter and mining bureau. The balance of cotton in this county (see list) the owners decline selling; some will sell for 10 cents in specie. I leave here to-morrow morning, and shall return the above counties, and will obtained additional information to report to you on my return to Shreveport. I hope to find that the amounts are all ready. I shall use every effort to have it at the several points. Mr. Bouldin passed through here en route for Shreveport some time since. The goods, he says, are on the way. I shall reach Shreveport in about two weeks, as I wish to see the planters and explain matters, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. PARHAM.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,Camp Patterson, on the San Fernando, March 31, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

A. A. G., Major General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that Colonel Benavides repelled the attack of the enemy in a very gallant manner, and has added to his former reputation. A copy of his report is herewith inclosed.* Major Nolan succeeded in securing a gunsmith, a blacksmith, and wheelwright, with appropriate tools. I shall establish a depot and shops at San Diego. Nothing new from the front. It is stated that 70 Yankees landed in Corpus Christi yesterday at 2. p. m. I shall send a scout in that direction. I am confident they left as soon as possible. They came to carry off renegade families . Lieutenant-Colonel Showalter arrived yesterday with five companies. I shall endeavor to comply with the wishes of the major-general commanding and to meet his expectations. The explanation of Major Pendleton is entirely satisfactory.

I would respectfully call the attention of the major-general commanding to the gallant conduct of Major Swope and Juan Ivara in the affair at Laredo, and suggest the propriety of mentioning Colonel Benavides and his command in a general order.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 647.

---------------

