
steps for that purpose. In proper time you will be ordered to Saint Louis to arrange for all these and for your expedition in the spring. I will inform you in time of the movement of troops from Minnesota for the purpose above set forth, and also to complete the campaign against the Minnesota and Dakota Sioux.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., January 18, 1864

Colonel WILLIAM CROOKS,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Saint Peter;

COLONEL: In view of the possibility that some of the unmounted companies of the Second Regiment Minnesota Volunteers may be stationed at points within your sub-district, General Sibley directs that you cause the requisite inquiries to be made and information conveyed to these headquarters, first, whether quarters can be furnished ready prepared for one company each at Traverse des Sioux, Kasota, Mankato, and New Ulm; second, the actual expense per month for such quarters at each place. Although it is not absolutely determined to station troops at any of the points specified, much will depend upon the facilities afforded and the economy attendant upon such a movement at any or all of them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 4. New Orleans, January 19, 1864

I. Regulations will be established on the 1st of February proximo for the government of persons employed in plantation labor during the present year. All parties interested therein will have an opportunity to present their views upon this subject to the commission of enrollment, the object being to secure a reliable, economical, and just system of compensated labor.

II. All plantations not in process of cultivation on the 1st day of February proximo, unless excepted from the operation of this order for special reasons, will be considered abandoned estates, and rented by the Government to such persons as will undertake their proper cultivation.

III. Consideration of public health require the suspension of all unnecessary communication or travel by plantation laborers between the different parishes of the State, or between plantations of the same parish. Such communication or travel, therefore, is forbidden, except under regulations established by the provost-marshals of the several parishes, and upon passes issued in accordance therewith. Public officers and managers of estates are requested to assist in the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

