HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., January 19, 1864.

Captain SELFRIDGE,

U. S. Navy, Commanding Station:

DEAR SIR: I have received information that the enemy have again crossed the Atchafalaya, in force unknown, but that 50 visited Waterloo on Friday; also that Jackson is their headquarters, this side, and that their force is very considerable, and that the design to cross from the west to the east bank is still entertained by them. I deem it my duty to inform you that the longer presence here of the Conestoga and General Price does [not] seem necessary.

With my thanks for your great promptness and Captain Richardson's in coming to co-operate with me, I remain, with high respect,

your obedient servant,

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Plaquemine, La., January 19, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: The troops I have here now are the Forty-second and One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry, the Second Ohio Battery, and the one company of Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry. The battery has two 6-pounder James rifles and two 12-pounder howitzers. The battery has 94 men present, the cavalry 42; the infantry numbers 730, including sick and convalescent. There are very few sick, however. There is no gun-boat here. The fort is in rapid process of completion, and would have been, done ere this had not the weather been so bad. If I could have four 20-pounder guns to mount I think there would be no difficulty in resisting any attack the enemy may make. I should like them soon. However, there is no present danger of an attack.

Very respectfully,

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 19, 1864

Major T. J. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fort Smith, Ark.:

A dispatch to Major-General Steele, dated 4th instant, directing him to order General Carr to Fort Smith, for temporary command of District of the Frontier during absence of General McNeil was transmitted to your headquarters to be forwarded by special courier. Report action by telegraph immediately.

By order:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

8 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

