HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,January 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel A. H. CHAPMAN,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you immediately prepare the following regiments with three days' cooked rations, to go to Pine Bluff by boat: Fifty-fourth Illinois, One hundred and sixth Illinois, and Sixty-first Illinois Infantry. You will immediately report in person at Major-General Steele's headquarters for further instructions. You will go in command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Inquire for Captain Scammon, at General Steele's.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA,Omaha, Nebr. Ter., January 19, 1864

Captain JOHN WILCOX,

Co. B, Seventh Iowa Cav., Commanding Post, Dakota, Nebr. Ter.:

CAPTAIN: Your favor of the 16th instant is received. The general commanding the district directs me to say that under existing circumstances it is not deemed safe to send the captured property out of the District of Nebraska by soldiers for the purpose of turning it over to Major J. B. Hoffman, U. S. Indian agent for the Ponca Indians. The general suggests that some one should receive it as Major Hoffman's agent at Niobrara, or some other convenient place within this district, as it would be dangerous to take it on the Ponca Reservation for the purpose of delivery. If Major Hoffman refuses to receive the property you will turn it over to the acting assistant quartermaster, to be accounted for by him and disposed of as may hereafter be directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

POST ARANSAS, TEX., January 20, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W. B. SCATES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I had the honor in my last report to call attention to the fact that my men were much in want of proper clothing, and beg leave to say once more that they are absolutely suffering for want of the same. Our means of communicating with headquarters are limited, and consequently cannot send the regimental quartermaster away with any certainty when he could return. Requisitions have been made out and forwarded, but fail, as yet, to receive any return. The health of the regiment is excellent, and I have now on the island at this post an aggregate of 360; this is exclusive of Captain Altmann's company, which is doing provost duty at headquarters of Major-General Dana, and I am expecting daily the convalescents from New Orleans, as I have taken steps to have them forwarded to the regiment.

