
On their return the officer reported having been told by one Mr. Rentrop, a citizen, that one of his negroes saw a party of about 15 mounted men pass through his plantation between 10 and 11 o'clock last night, leading several horses and having several dismounted men with them. I have since learned that the 3 missing men borrowed horses from plantations in this vicinity and were seen within 1 mile of the place where the railroad was torn up, about 9 p.m. 19th instant. Four trains have passed this station during the past twenty-four hours, three of them having troops on board en route for Algiers, the other being a special with Assistant Superintendent Green.

I have the honor to be, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. SHAURMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Ninetieth Regiment New York Vols.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 19. Franklin, La., January 20, 1864

1. Colonel Charles C. Dwight, One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers, having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of the Third Brigade, First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

By order of Brigadier-General Emory;

FREDERICK SPEED,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Matagorda Peninsula, Tex., January 20, 1864

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, New Orleans:

GENERAL: There is a Mr. Veazie, who belongs perhaps to Armstrong's scouts and who is at present at Franklin's camp, who ought to be here. I am informed that he is not a useful man in Louisiana, but would be very useful here. Will you be good enough to procure and forward him to me? The rebels are reported 1,200 strong at Sabine Pass; they are also erecting a large fort on Bolivar Point, opposite Galveston; they have also brought down the guns from Sachem and Clifton, say four 9-inch, five 32 and two 30-pounder Parrotts, and have them in position at Houston and south of there.

I have just started Brigadier-General Ransom up the peninsula on a reconnaissance in force, to the head of it, about 50 miles. He has with him a brigade of infantry, one piece of artillery, and 50 mounted men, and I shall place the Thirteenth Maine on board two gun-boats this afternoon and land them, if weather permits, about 25 miles above where Ransom will be to-morrow morning at daylight. I hope to capture some scouts and vedettes, perhaps to whip a cavalry force, at all events I wish to keep up a spirit of enterprise and have the troops inured to campaigning, and teach the enemy that we are active in every direction. Please forward us forage in considerable quantities.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.

