
FORT SMITH, ARK., January 20, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The dispatch ordering General Carr on duty here was forwarded by special messenger immediately after its receipt at these headquarters. The messenger has not returned yet.

Yours, &amp;c.,

T. J. ANDERSON,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 20, 1864.

Captain CAMERON,

Commanding at Cassville, Mo.:

Captain Human left Ozark early this morning. He was expecting to move across Rolling Prairie, and then toward Lebanon, in Searcy County, but would direct his courts in any direction that would lead him toward the enemy. Colonel Phelps will not attack a largely superior force unless absolutely necessary, until there is a full understanding between the commanders of the different detachments. He will take time and do the work well, if possible. Send this dispatch to him by any detachment leaving in that direction.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 20, 1864

Lieutenant-Colonel BISHOP,

Commanding at Fayetteville, Ark.:

Has any portion of your command moved into Newton or Searcy Counties? If so, when did it move and about where is it now? Colonel Phelps says that there are about 400 of the enemy about 40 miles south of Berryville.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 6. New Orleans, January 21, 1864

A military court to be known as the provost court of the State of Texas, is hereby constituted, for the purpose of hearing, deciding, and passing judgment upon-

I. All cases of violation of general or special orders, violations of the Rules and Articles of War, violations of the recognized laws of war, or other offenses arising under the military jurisdiction, where the offender is not in the military service of the United States, and where the penalty does not extend to loss of life.

II. All civil crimes against the persons or property of the inhabitants, committed by any person not in the military service of the United States, where the penalty does not extend to the loss of life.

