
III. All other cases, arising under the military jurisdiction, which may be specially referred to the court by the commanding general or the provost-marshal-general of the department.

This court will exercise jurisdiction in all the above cases, and will hold its sessions at Brownsville, Tex., or such other point as may, from time to time, be designated in orders.

Honorable Augustus De B. Hughes is appointed judge of the court hereby authorized and established, and will be directed to enter upon his duties as soon as the occupation of a sufficient portion of the State will justify.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 7. New Orleans, January 21, 1864

The repair, extension, and preservation of the levees in this department are placed under the charge of the provost-marshal-general who is authorized and directed to make an immediate survey of the levees, and to make such requisition for labor and other assistance as may be necessary for the protection of the public works, the people, and the agricultural interests of the department. The charges consequent upon improvements of this character will be assessed upon the adjoining estates, which will also be required to furnish such labor as may be equitable and practicable in the execution of this order.

All communications upon this subject will be addressed to the provost-marshal-general, and all persons having information or interest therein are requested to present their views to his office without delay.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 21, 1864

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, New Orleans:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department desires you to instruct Major-General Dana to make arrangements at Decrow's Point, Indianola, or such other point or points as he (General Dana) may select for the defense of his command in case the enemy should attack in force. He must be prepared for this. Should there be reason to apprehend attack from the enemy's gun-boats, the approaches, by water should be swept by artillery, and submarine obstructions and destructive arranged.

The commanding general wishes Major-General Dana to understand that he does not for the present contemplate assuming the offensive from the positions now occupied by General Dana, and that it may be necessary to withdraw a portion of the forces now there for operations elsewhere. For this reason the means of transportation called for are not now forwarded. The men now here belong-

