
ing to regiments there may remain here until it shall be decided which regiments will remain with General Dana. A pile-driver and piles, small-boats, seines, and supplies of forage and lumber clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and other necessaries will be sent to General Dana; also artisans and materials for the repair of the steamer Warrior. Cavalry will be sent as soon as the means of transportation admit.

Very respectfully, I am, general your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

BATON ROUGE, LA., January 21, 1864-9.25 a.m.

(Received 10.30 a.m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing of importance. A deserter last night reports Wirt Adams still about Jackson.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, LA., January 21, 1864-8.49 p.m.

(Received 9 p.m.)

General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing of importance this evening. Last night a rebel officer, Captain J. L. Bradford, Company F, First Mississippi Artillery, was captured at Mrs. Fluker's, near Jackson, La., by Charles M. Philbrick, private, Third Massachusetts Cavalry, who was out on a scout.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, LA FOURCHE DISTRICT,Thibodeaux, La., January 21, 1864

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La:

SIR: I have the honor to forward the following copy of a dispatch received from Major Grosvenor, commanding at Donaldsonville:

Colonel Sheldon sends me the following from Plaquemine last evening:

"A gentleman entitled to great confidence last night told me he was recently at Jackson, La., and saw there Wirt Adams with about 1,500 cavalry, and he says this is the force menacing Baton Rouge. He says on this side of the river, aside from pickets and couriers, there are a few hundred of the enemy near Morganza, about 4,000 at Alexandria, and quite a large army at Shreveport, waiting for the water to rise in the Red River to connect with their fleet at that point. Everything quiet about here. Nothing of importance occurred here."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX

Colonel, Commanding.

