
Commanders of these detachments are directed to communicate with each other and then make a combined attack upon the rebels in that region. It is not believed the rebels can concentrate more than 1,000 men, and it is expected that the movement will result in their destruction or expulsion from that part of Arkansas.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, January 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BISHOP,

Commanding, Fayetteville:

Colonel Phelps dispatches from Berryville on the 18th that Colonel Gunning with 400 men was 40 miles below there. You will see from this that there is quite a force west of you. You will instruct Captain Galloway not to engage a largely superior force unless it becomes necessary for his own safety, but maneuver until he can communicate with the other forces in that vicinity and make a joint attack with them. You may strengthen him in your own discretion.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 21, 1864,.

Captain H. L. WHEAT:

The general commanding directs that your order all escorts going to Cassville (not to any point beyond that place) to remain at that post subject to the orders of the commanding officer of the post until further orders, and not to return to Sprinfield until ordered from these headquarters. This measure is taken to aid the troops at Cassville in performing the duties, escorts, &amp;c., of that post, while the main force of the Second Arkansas Cavalry is in the field.

Very respectfully, &c.

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 22, 1864

Major-General BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of January 11, inclosing copy of your proclamation, is received.* Major General John A. McClernand has been ordered to report to you for duty. I am directed by the Secretary of War to say that you can assign him to such duty as you may deem best. If you think it advisable to restore him to the command of his former corps, your order will be confirmed by the President.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

---------------

*Relating to establishment of a State government in Louisiana and will appear in Series III.

---------------

