
works should be commenced at once and carried on with all the available force at General Dana's disposal. Requisitions for additional artillery should be made immediately if considered necessary.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

PORT HUDSON, LA., January 22, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing of moment this morning. As many men as can work to advantage employed on fortifications.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

THIBODEAUX, LA., January 22, 1864-5 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Notwithstanding the anxiety expressed by some officers, I am fully satisfied that the Confederates have no force of any size in or about this district. It is may decided opinion that the railroad was cut by a party of 5 men, acting under orders, and for the purpose not only of destroying some of the trains conveying troops, but also to cause uneasiness among the inhabitants and to render them timid in registering their names for the purpose of voting. I have reliable parties of mounted men scouting along the lakes and the bayous to counteract any such impressions and to arrest suspicious persons. As the weak part of the railroad is between Bayou Boeuf and Tigerville, would it be as well for me to patrol that section every night by means of a hand-car? The Second Louisiana Infantry was detailed at Brashear City without my knowledge or consent, and I regret it as being needless and tending to cause useless excitement. Precautions can be taken without this.

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General 'S OFFICE. Numbers 28. Washington, January 22, 1864

By direction of the President of the United States, Major General W. S. Rosecrans, U. S. Volunteers, is appointed to the command of the Department of Missouri.

Major General J. M. Schofied, on being relieved from his command by Major-General Rosecrans, will report for duty to Major-General Grant, at Chattanooga, Tenn.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

9 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

