
command (one or two companies) at Calico Rock or some other point on the White River where the rebels are in the habit of crossing and recrossing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 22, 1864

Lieutenant H. GRATHEER:

The general commanding directs that you remain at Ozark until you receive fifteen days' rations which start to you to-night. Upon receiving the rations you will proceed, with all your available force and as little camp and garrison equipage, as a field campaign in the winter service will justify, to join Captain Human, commanding First Battalion, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, in the field, Arkansas. You will take a guide from Ozark, or procure one on the road, to guide you to Captain Human's command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., January 22, 1864

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

When will I probably be relieved by arrival and distribution of Second Colorado?

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 23, 1864

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am gratified to be able to state that nearly the entire force of the Nineteenth Army Corps has re-enlisted for the war. A considerable portion of the Thirteenth Corps has also re-enlisted, and all would have been obtained, except for the orders received from the War Department in regard to the suspension of bounties. We have since received information that the bounties are renewed, and I am quite confident that a greater part, if not all, of these two corps will re-enlist. The spirit of the troops is admirable. The will considerably reduce my command, but a sufficient force will be left for the operations referred to in the accompanying dispatch,*

which we shall commence as soon as the navigation permits.

I cannot but express my great gratification at the report which you make of re-enforcements for this department, which I hope may be sufficient to compensate for the loss by furloughs. I have

---------------

*Following.

---------------

