
it to proceed at once to New Orleans, La. The commanding officer, upon his arrival, will report to Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding the Thirteenth Army Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, LA., January 23, 1864-11.40 a.m.

(Received 11.50 a.m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I have information that all troops west, save one company, have fallen back to Alexandria, and Bragg assigned to command west of Mississippi. It is stated this side, also, that the rebels have been ordered north. Adams' force is 4,500.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, LA., January 23, 1864-5.10 p.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Two negroes just in from Grossetete report 600 of Walker's command were at that place on Wednesday last conscripting colored men, mules, and oxen, to be used on fortifications at Simsport, which place the rebels are reported to be fortifying.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., January 23, 1864

Brigadier General G. L. ANDREWS.

Commanding, Port Hudson:

GENERAL: Mr. E. Badger, who lives near your picket-lines, represents that when he left his family to come here to purchase provisions for them he had nothing for them to eat but a little pork and a barrel and a half of corn which he had borrowed; that his family consists of 9 persons. No authority will be given from these headquarters to carry provisions or goods of any description into your district without your consent, and none will be given to Mr. Badger without it. But families living near our lines, when the head of the family has taken the oath of allegiance and desires to carry on his usual occupation peaceably, must not be allowed to suffer from the fact of their being near the lines and having taken the oath of allegiance. This seems to be the case with Mr. Badger. The commanding general directs me to instruct you in such cases to furnish the families with rations, and this will be done in the case of Mr. Badger.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

