
THIBODEAUX, LA., January 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Three scouting parties have returned from the lakes, &amp;c., without developing anything of importance. I find a large number of boats on the lakes which assist the inhabitants to carry on smuggling, and could, if collected, convey a force of 300 or 400 men to within a short march of our lines on La Fourche. I deem it advisable to destroy these, leaving a sufficient number of the smaller ones for fishing purposes. The inhabitants assist the Confederates in coming over in small squads, notwithstanding pickets and scouts. I am satisfied from personal observations this would not only be just and proper,but would aid in preventing raids. If the telegraph is run up to Donaldsonsville along the bayou, it may be frequently cut, unless I hold the inhabitants responsible by ordering them to report any one tampering with it. Shall I act thus in regard to the boats and wire?

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 23, 1864

Colonel E. L. MOLINEUX,

Commanding District of La Fourche:

COLONEL: You must destroy all means of communication which the rebels can make use of for disturbance of our lines, where such means are not fully under your control. Communication with the rebel lines must be prevented by all means at your disposal. Owners or agents of plantations through which military railroads and telegraph lines run must be held accountable for malicious interference therewith. Posters containing provisions of Special Orders, Numbers 60, of March 1, 1863, will be furnished you by the superintendent of the telegraph, to be fully posted in your district. You will enforce its provisions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[C. P. STONE.]

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 6. Indianola, Tex., January 23, 1864

The following-named officers are announced upon the staff of the brigadier-general commanding:

Major A. C. Matthews, chief of staff and acting assistant inspector-general.

Dr. B. B. Brashear, Sixteenth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief.

Captain B. Wilson, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain S. E. Rundle, assistant quartermaster.

Captain D. M. Alexander, commissary of subsistence.

Captain J. R. Jackson, Sixty-ninth Indiana Infantry Volunteers, provost-marshal.

