
Lieutenant Frank Adams Thirty-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers, judge-advocate.

Lieutenant William H. Schulze, One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Infantry Volunteers, ordnance officer.

Lieutenant William M. Benton, Ninth Illinois Cavalry Volunteers, aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant Robert E. Torrence, Eighth Indiana Infantry Volunteers,aide-de-camp.

Lieutenant Charles Meinhold, Third U. S. Cavalry, commissary of musters.

By command of Brigadier-General Benton:

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, January 23, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, DETACH, 11TH MO. CAV.:

CAPTAIN: The colonel commanding directs me to thank, you and through you to thank your officers and men, for the promptness displayed in getting under arms upon the occasion of the false alarm at 2 p.m. to-day occasioned by the unsoldierly conduct of the men of Captain Castle's command in discharging their fire-arms without orders. We trust and believe that the Eleventh will always be found equally prompt on future occasions.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter to commanding officer First Nebraska Cavalry.)

CAMP NEAR BATESVILLE, ARK.,

January 23, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON.

Commanding District of Northeastern Arkansas:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following statement in regard to the scout commanded by me:

I started from camp at 2 a.m., January 19, with 43 enlisted men of Company I, Second Lieutenant Heath and 31 enlisted men of Company F, Eleventh Cavalry, Missouri Volunteers, and marched 8 miles on the road leading to Jacksonport, Ark., and was detained eight hours on account of high water; from thence to Grand Glaize, a distance of 20 miles, and found the boat 3 miles below that point. On the 20th, sent out a scout of 30 enlisted men under Lieutenant Heath, which captured James Rutherford, captain, acting quartermaster, at a distance of 3 miles from camp, and found on the person of said captain one Colt navy revolver and about $20,000 worth of receipts for corn.

Then left Fort Glaize the 21st marched as a guard for the boat, and encamped 6 miles below Jacksonport, nothing of interest transpiring through the day. 22nd, marched to Jacksonport, where we saw the boat, but could not hail it nor get to it on account of the

