
This must relate to a time five days since. If you can spare from 30 to 50 men, well clothed, armed, and mounted, you will send them to this section, with instructions to report to the commanding officer at Neosho al information they obtain in regard to any enemy in that section. If you feel certain from present information that the report is untrue, you will act accordingly, and not send the men. Inform me what you do.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 3, 1864.

Major WILLIAM PLUMB:

The general commanding the district that if you have not moved to Carthage, and intend remaining at Neosho, you will send out messengers to meet your provision train now moving to

Carthage and order it to Neosho, also that in case the enemy appears or approaches south or west of Neosho you will use your discretion as to any moves against him you may deem necessary. Inclosed find copy of dispatch received from Colonel Philips, commanding in the field.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FORT LARAMIE, NEBR., January 3, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Weather severe 29 below zero New Year's night. Cannot get mails through. No communication here to Halleck for five weeks; parties turned back by deep snow. nothing from South Pass except by telegraph for some time. Detachments everywhere snowed in Men and stock suffer greatly. No papers can be got or sent at present.

WM. O. COLLINS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Eleventh [Ohio] Regiment.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., January 3, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Captain Whitney, commanding the escort to the Indian Department train for the Missouri Reservation, arrived and reported to me in person last night at 11 o'clock. The tree infantry companies had reached Fairmont without accident, and will arrive at Mankato to-morrow. The extraordinary march of 750 miles performed by the escort since

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

