
will so inform him. The conduct of the Elwood citizens seems to be a military offense, and, being on this side, will be easily redressed.

If you resort to civil process as you propose against horse thieves, delays of justice and State lines are the more difficult. If I catch horse thieves with my soldiers, I will try to make summary and certain punishment a greater terror to rogues. You may rely [upon it that] I will do all in my power to prevent border strife and sectional animosities, and I hope you will use your efforts to the same purpose. There is no reason for it; we are all in the same purpose. There is no reason for it; we are all in the same boat. There is not enough of the negro left to quarrel about, and I am not going to allow loyalty to be a license for horse stealing. If you hear news of any corrupt design on the part of persons on your side of the river, I trust you will give timely notice to my officers, and I will instruct my officers to give you like timely notice. But we will try to suppress the design at home and stifle mischief in the bud.

I am, colonel, very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding

P. S.- Since writing the above I have seen Lieutenant D. W. Wallingford, who commanded at Elwood at the time mentioned; he gives me a very different version of the quarrel between Sela and your sergeant. I desire the lieutenant to accompany Major Hunt to aid in properly adjusting the matter.

PORT HUDSON, LA., January 24, 1864

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La.

The cavalry, under Colonel Fonda, made a reconnaissance yesterday beyond Thompson's Creek to within 5 or 6 miles of Jackson. No enemy in sight. The enemy is, however, reported to have a force at Jackson. Colonel Fonda thinks he will be able to learn definitely about this force in a day or two.

GEO. L. ANDREWS.

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.

BRASHEAR CITY, LA., January 24, 1864-7.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I am examining into the position of affairs here. Tigerville, and Bayou Boeuf. Everything perfectly satisfactory. Return to Thibodeaux to-morrow 1 p.m., and will make a full report in writing. Went up in the C. P. STONEE to Lake Palourde, &amp;c. All quiet.

F. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding.

BATESVILLE, ARK., January 24, 1864

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of Northeastern Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 13, headquarters District Northeastern Arkansas, dated January 16, 1864, and letter of instructions of same date, I left Batesville about daylight

