
diate stations had to be elevated to enable the officers to look over the small growth of bushels which line the banks of the river. They are also in a very poor location, being on the narrow neck of swamp land between the Gulf and Mississippi River. The officers are provided with rockets and are also instructed to keep a constant watch and report all vessels coming up the passes, and also any force that may approach by land on either side of the river.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. ROE,

Captain and Chief of Signal Corps, Department of the Gulf.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 15. New Orleans, January 25, 1864

In accordance with instructions from the War Department, a board of organization is hereby appointed, who will proceed to examine the inmates of hospitals and convalescent camps in this department, with a view to their transfer into the Invalid Corps, according to the provisions of General Orders, Nos. 105, 130, and 212, of 1863, from the Adjutant-General's Office, War Department.

Detail for Board: Colonel Frank P. Cahill, Invalid Corps: Surg. J. C. Fisher, U. S. Volunteers, Lieutenant Charles E. Campbell, Invalid Corps.

The Board is charged by the Provost-Marshal-General:

1. To classify by battalion, organize into companies, and clothe, arm, and equip all enlisted men in this department who are already reported by medical officers for transfer to the Invalid Corps.

2. T recommend to the medical officers of hospitals and commanding officers of convalescent camps, for discharge, such men as are found below the standard of the Invalid Corps.

3. To transfer to the Invalid Corps those men who are admissible.

II. No enlisted man who is subject to invalid duty will be discharged from this army.

III. The above-named officers will proceed from and return to their headquarters, which will be in New Orleans, La., from time to time, as it may be found necessary to visit the general hospitals and convalescent camps within the department.

IV. All military and medical officers will give every assistance in their power to this Board in the discharge of their duties.

V. In accordance with instructions from the War Department, the president of the Board will report to these headquarters, and will also report by letter direct to Colonel James B. Fry, Provost-Marshal-General, U. S. Army.

VI. This order to take effect from the 15th instant.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, La., January 25, 1864

Brigadier General G. L. ANDREWS,

Commanding Port Hudson and Dependencies:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding the department to communicate to you the following extract from a

