
ordered by the Department of War. I shall endeavor to keep you advised of all occurrences in this department, and hope to receive information from you as often as it may be convenient.

With the highest respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

KANSAS CITY, MO., January 25, 1864

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The two companies of Fifth Kansas lately reported at Urbana have wandered to Lone Jack-they say after forage. What shall be done with them?

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., January 25, 1864

[General E. B. BROWN:]

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of Captain Meredith's report of the Ridgway raid, also copies of Orders, Nos. 2,5,* and 18,* issued at these headquarters. I have directed Company I to take station, between Chapel Hill and Wellington, and in connection with Companies C at Chapel Hill, F at Wellington, thoroughly patrol and scout the western boundary of La Fayette. I have stationed Company I at Kingsville, on the western boundary, of this county, with instructions to thoroughly scout the western boundary of this county. I have hopes that these arrangements may serve to protect the people of this sub-district from incursions of Kansas troops and Red Legs. No other news of interest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

First Cav., Commanding Sub-Dist. of Central Dist. of Mo.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS POST, Lexington, Mo., January 22, 1864

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Central District of Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report to you that I left this post on the night of the 20th, in command of part of Companies G and H, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, and proceeded by way of Wellington up as far as the Jackson County line. I found the citizens greatly alarmed. Some had left their homes for fear of being killed. From what I learned it appears that Lieutenant Ridgway, with from 40 to 60 men,made a raid through this county for no other purpose than to rob and plunder. They commenced their hellish work in the vicinity of Greenton; robbed quite a number of men of money, clothing, watches. They then proceeded to the neighborhood of Renick's, near the Jackson County line.

They took from Renick's three yoke of cattle, a valuable gold watch, some $40 in money, and quite a number of negroes. They

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

