
tied one Mr. Musselman's hands behind him and took from him $299, and divided the money in his presence. They committed a great many other outrages, too numerous to mention. They came into Greenton on the same day, and after my scout, under command of Lieutenant Groomer and Sergeant Atterbury, had left the neighborhood. They had done the devilment and left before I was apprised of their going in the county. Renick and Musselman came into town, and, in place of reporting to me, reported to General Brown by telegraph. When I found the Kansas troops had all left the county, I left a part of my command on the line of Jackson County as patrol, with orders to arrest any parties that might come into La Fayette County, and returned to this place by way of Greenton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM MEREDITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST CAV., MO. STATE MIL., Numbers 2. Warrensburg, Mo., January 14, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. The manifest disregard of private rights in some localities and the total or partial suspension of the civil authorities in others demands that the military authorities should extend protection to the citizens to prevent waste, trespass, and injury to private property. It is therefore ordered that until the civil authority resumes its wonted vigor, all persons be, and they are hereby, prohibited from trespassing upon private property. Citizens and soldiers are strictly prohibited from burning fence rails and destroying fences and defacing house and buildings, under penalty, if citizen, of being arrested and held for trial on the requisition of the civil authority, and, if a soldier, of being arrested and punished for violation of orders. All station and post commanders, officers, and non-commissioned officers, are charged with the enforcement of this order. All well-disposed persons, citizens and citizens and soldiers, are enjoined promptly to report persons violating this order.

By order of James McFerran, colonel First Cavalry Missouri State Militia, commanding regiment and Third Sub-District:

THOS. DOYLE,

Adjutant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Forth Levenworth, January 25, 1864.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

A. A. G., War Department, Adjutant-General's Office:

COLONEL: I have the honor respectfully to request that the order assigning Major John W. Noble, Third Iowa Cavalry, to duty in this

department be rescinded. This regiment is ordered to Iowa, having re-enlisted as veterans, and Major Noble desires to aid in its reorganization. As his promotion in the regiment depends somewhat on claims upon his services, and would be glad if you would issue the necessary order to restore him to his regiment again.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

