
posts in this district will leave twenty-seven disposable companies, including the battery, for garrisoning the temporary stations along the extensive frontier, for establishing the two new posts, and for movements in the field. If you approve of my suggestions with regard to the retaining of three additional cavalry companies returning home on furlough from the South, I trust to be able to carry out your orders fully. I have just received important dispatches from Major Hatch and Father Andre, which I will have the honor to communicate to you in my next dispatch, and which may affect to some extent future operations.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 26, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, New Orleans:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you immediately visit the troops of your corps on the coasts of Texas and the Rio Grande, and satisfy yourself by personal examination of the safety of the positions occupied. It is his desire to retain all the advantages thus far secured by operations in Texas, and to hold these advantages with the least practicable expenditure of troops. You will please, therefore, give such orders at each principal can be securely held by a smaller force than is now there, you will please promptly report the fact. If re-enforcement of troops or vessels of war should seem to you to be required, you will please report the amount and nature of such re-enforcement necessary.

The commanding general desires that your visit should be immediate, that he may soon receive the reports you will have to make, and on them base early action.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 26, 1864.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you immediately visit personally the troops of your corps in the field, and make such arrangements as shall, in your opinion, render them safe against any concentration of the enemy, which may be attempted. If re-enforcement are necessary he desires that you should report to him to number of troops or what kind of naval assistance may be required. He also desires that if in your opinion, after personal examination, you should deem it advisable to take up a different position during the temporary period of rest preceding impending movements, that you should report the fact and recommend such position.

