SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 22. New Orleans, La., January 26, 1864.

* * * * * * *

11. The Ninety-first New York Volunteer Infantry, having re-enlisted as veterans, are detailed for heavy artillery, subject to the approval of the War Department, to be organized as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 126, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, this regiment to be mustered into the service in accordance with General Orders, No. 182, paragraph 3, current series, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, 1863.

* * * * * * *

20. Major D. C. Houston, chief engineer of this department, is hereby authorized to raise a company of pensioners for service in this department, to receive the same pay and allowances as similar regular troops in the service.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, LA., January 26, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I think it may be important to state that the communication received by me to-day from Major Levy is dated headquarters C. S. Forces in Western Louisiana, New Iberia, January 25, from which it would appear that General Taylor's headquarters have been within a few days removed from Alexandria to New Iberia.

CHAS. C. DWIGHT,

Colonel, Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., January 26, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding U. S. Forces on the Rio Grande:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatches of them 17th, giving an account of the affair at Matamoras, and the intervention of the troops to cover the removal of the American consul with his property. This act seems to have been necessary, and in nowise a departure from the instructions you received. I have forwarded copies of all the dispatches, including that embracing general information in regard to Mexican affairs, for which you will accept my thanks, to the Department of War. Colonel Bertram's official conduct richly deserves the approval you bestow upon it. I have been acquainted with him since the commencement of the war, and never have known him to fail in the discharge of the most delicate and important duties that have been assigned to him.

With much respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

