HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, January 26, 1864.

Major WILSHIRE,

126th Illinois Infantry, Commanding Transport Pocahontas,

Near Jacksonport, Ark.:

MAJOR: The colonel commanding directs me to inform you that he has just received a dispatch from Little Rock, Ark., by the hands of Captain Robertson, Third Regiment Arkansas Cavalry, who came through from that place with an escort of 50 men of his regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel Black, Third Missouri Cavalry, with his command, is at Little Rock, Ark., and there are no Federal troops at Searcy. Captain Robertson had a fight with the rebels at that place. The colonel commanding directs that you turn over the stores that were intended for Colonel Black at Searcy to his quartermaster, and inform him as soon as possible what progress you are making toward getting the stores up the river.

I remain, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant Thompson, district quartermaster.)
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, January 26, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri:

COLONEL: I have the honor herewith to transmit eight affidavits* of citizens of this district, filed against a detachment of Eighth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, under command of Captain Akard, which came here from Springfield, Mo., with telegraphic dispatch from you extending time for enlisting veterans to 1st January instant. Had I known the conduct of these troops on the march here and back previous to their departure, I should have dealt severely with them, but they were ordered back to Springfield before the affidavits appeared against them.

I beg to call your attention to the utter impracticability of converting this portion of Arkansas to loyalty while such conduct on the part of our troops is left unpunished and the sufferers unpaid. No reasoning canconvince the poor cottager, who is robbed of nearly all he has by both armies, that the Union is a whit safer for his creed than secession. When he reflects upon the atrocities of our troops he sees little to choose between them and guerrillas; and the protection furnished him proving a fallacy, while his suffering is a sad reality, you cannot hope to reclaim him.

I earnestly ask that the major-general commanding will cause restitution to be made, either by assessment on the officers and men of the Eighth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, or such other means as in his judgment he may deem best. I have told the affiant that I would lay this matter before you for the consideration of the general commanding department, and they look to me for an answer.

I have to acknowledge receipt of your dispatch, forwarded via Springfield, notifying me that time for re-enlisting veterans was

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

