
Arkansas River his line of defense, and most of Sherman's force may be required to keep open the Mississippi. So long as your plans are not positively decided upon, no definite instructions can be given to Sherman and Steele. The best thing, it would seem to be done under the circumstances is for you to communicate with them, and also with Admiral Porter, in regard to some general co-operation, and all agree upon what is the best plan of operations, if the stage of water in the rivers and other circumstances should be favorable; if not, it must be modified or changed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 2. New Orleans, La., January 4, 1864.

* * * *

8. The Twenty-second Regiment Infantry, Corps d'Afrigue, is relieved from duty at Brashear and will proceed without delay to Port Hudson, where it will be reported to Brigadier-General Andrews, commanding Corps d'Afrigue, for duty at that post. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * *

17. The One hundred and seventy-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, will proceed without delay to Franklin, La., and be reported for duty to Major-General Franklin, commanding troops in West Louisiana. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. U. S. TROOPS, WESTERN LOUISIANA,

New Iberia, January 4, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I acknowledge the receipt of the letter major-general commanding of the 30th ultimo, inclosing one from Benjamin F. Flanders, esg., agent of the Treasure Department of the 21st ultimo, in which attention is called to the fact that certain parties therein named are a joint-stock company, formed for the purpose of speculating in cotton and sugar in the Teche country. These men are said to monopolize the transportation of the Government for their private purposes. Mr. Flanders makes a misstatement in this last assertion. No citizen has been allowed to come from Brashear to this place without a pass signed by General Banks, General Bowen, or yourself.

No permit to trade in the produce of the country has been given by me or by my order to any one. The whole subject of transport

