
extended to 1st March next. This was brought me by detachment of Sixth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry, commanded by Captain Turner, and here again complaints followed this command. Judge Byers, a most estimable citizen of this place, residing 3 miles from town, was rudely assaulted, his life threatened, and his horses and mules stolen from him by these brigands, for I cannot call men soldiers who, using their power for such base purposes, terrify and rob the country they pass through. I have informed General Sanborn of the conduct of the detachment Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry sent here and furnished him with copies of inclosed affidavits, but not of the conduct of detachment Sixth Missouri State Militia lately here, for I had not an opportunity of learning this rascality till it was too late to send by them.

Trusting this complaint will meet with prompt action from department headquarters, and that some redress may be made to the complaints, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

FORT SMITH, ARK., January 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

To whom shall the troops at Waldron, Van Buren, Roseville, and Clarksville, Ark., report? Are all the troops stationed in the vicinity of Fort Smith to be considered as forming part of its garrison? Are the headquarters the District of the Frontier in the Department of the Missouri or in the Department of Kansas? Having charge of the return, I ask for information. The colonel commanding if of the opinion that all the troops serving in the District of the Frontier are transferred to the Department of Kansas. I cannot agree with him.

C. G. LAURANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, MO., January 26, 1864.

General FISK:

My scouts returned from Ash Hill; found no force; killed 2 guerrillas as they returned, near Greenville. Captain Johns has been out six days. I am somewhat uneasy about him. There be now about 250 guerrillas, commanded by 5 captains, 8 miles above Pocahontas. They are hard to reach. They have built huts and encamped for the winter. I learn that the ferry-boat is destroyed at Pocahontas. I have heard nothing more from Colonel Livingston. Reves is said to be hiding about the border with 11 men, very much depressed in spirits.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 4. Jefferson, City, Mo., January 26, 1864.

I. It having come to the knowledge of the general commanding that a large number of slaves who are capable of performing the duties of soldiers have escaped from their owners, and are employed

