
as servants and laborers, and that in some cases they are not permitted or are discouraged from entering the military service, it is hereby ordered that a slave who may be found or known by his master to be thus employed may be taken by him and delivered to the assistant provost-marshal for the purpose of being recruited. Any persons who shall interfered with or attempt to discourage the enlistment of negroes will be reported, together with a full statement of the facts and names of witnesses, to these headquarters, in order that they may be brought before a military commission or general court-martial on the charge of discouraging enlistments.

II. Assistant provost-marshals are hereby directed to recommend, through the assistant provost-marshal of the district, sufficient number of enlisted men, no to exceed 3 to each assistant provost-marshal, to be detailed for the purpose of recruiting soldiers for colored regiments. Recruiting officers and enlisted men detailed for that duty will enlist all able-bodied slaves who may be delivered to them by their owners, or those who leave their homes and masters under the pretense of doing so, for the purpose of entering the army.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., January 26, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that Captain Meredith reports that a detachment of his command have recaptured a part of the property taken by the Kanss men in La Fayette, viz, 2 horses and a wagon, and have returned the same to the owner, widow lady by the name of Robinson.

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia,

Commanding Third Sub-Dist. of Central Dist. of Missouri.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 26, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have received a dispatch, dated at Berryville yesterday morning, from Captain Duff, in command there, stating that there was a force of 500 rebels within 15 miles, intending to attack that place. This force must have eluded our force in Arkansas and come to the rear. I have sent forward 250 men and one section of artillery to Cassville, with instructions for it to go forward to Berryville if weather remains in same state. I shall leave for Cassville to-day if the roads do change. A scout bearing dispatches to Captain Human was attacked on Rolling Prairie, and 19 are missing.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.

11 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

