
town, and when the ice was solid, it must have been a very convenient resort for thieves and vagrants. Some foolish persons came over and secured the arrest of a man now in Leavenworth for some trespass or larceny committed last March. Some think it was for the very purpose of getting up a State quarrel, or mob effort to rescue the rogue, and a corresponding fuss on the other side.

I told the parties they had better let old sores alone and attend to recent matters. I know some rogues, on either side, who have remained away from home for years to avoid process, and no doubt they deserve hanging; still it is not best to bring about ami calb relations between the good citizens of either side for the accommodation of the malicious elements to fall upon their victims. Bringing up old scores would only open old sores, and it is better that such wrongs should go unredressed and the rogues un whipped of justice than to trouble society with the bother of their trial, conviction, and punishment. Now the rogues begin to cry out against crime, if committed recently, and by avoiding old offenses we may hope for opponents as to the new, and allies even in some who have learned wisdom in the bitter school of adversity and shame. As your border city, the second in size and importance in Missouri, adjoins my command, and may for many reasons deserve my special attention, I will always be glad to know of whatever instructions you may be advised of, and you may expect always my anxious solicitude for your peace and property.

I remain, colonel, yours, very truly,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 28, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK:

Some citizens of Missouri, vicinity of Kansas City, are apprehensive that there is special danger of renewed troubles in that neighborhood, and thence on the route toward New Mexico. I am not impressed that the danger is very great or imminent, but I will thank you to give Generals Rosecrans and Curtis, respectively, such orders as may turn their attention thereto and prevent as far as possible the apprehended disturbance.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,January 27, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Your telegraph concerning the discharge of prisoners was duly received, and the impropriety will be properly investigated when your papers arrive. It had transpired previous to my assuming command. I shall see that deserters to through with their commands. I have written the honorable Secretary of War concerning arms for this department's depots, and I hope you will use your influence in this regard. The depots on the Upper Arkansas and this post should be protected with field-works, that can be erected with little expense to the Government. Such works at Rolla, Springfield,

