HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., January 27, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: Colonel Ford, Second Colorado, arrived here to-day with three companies of his regiment. He left the other companies, armed only with sabers, at Dresden, to await there the receipt of arms which wee shipped from New York recently to Colonel Callender of them. No intelligence has yet been received by him of the arrival of the arms at Saint Louis, through he confidently expects they have been received and forwarded by Colonel Callender by this date.

Until the remaining companies arrive here, Colonel Ford cannot relieve all the Kansas troops in the border counties of Missouri; and until they are all relieved I cannot report to you under existing orders. Thinking it probable you wish to have me report to you at an early day, I suggest that, if you wish to have me report to you at an early day, I suggest that, if you wish it, I apply for orders to turn my command over to Colonel Ford at once. If you wish me to do so, please advise me by telegraph or to otherwise. General Brown's order has already been issued, assuming command of these counties, and placing Colonel Ford in immediately command of them. The order, of course, is at present inoperative.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, January 28, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New Orleans:

GENERAL: Three batteries of artillery and a regiment of cavalry have been embarked from Baltimore for your command. A regiment of New York veteran cavalry is now being embarked at this place. It is sent with equipments but without horses, as transportation for horse by sea cannot now be procured. The Quartermaster-General expects to send you horses by the Mississippi River. A regiment of infantry will be ready here as soon as vessels can be obtained. The two regiments in Maine, reported ready for the field and ordered to you, are now reported not quite ready.

Several regiments of Indiana troops are expected to be ready in a short time. They will be sent by the Mississippi River. Some of the New York regiments are also reported as nearly ready. There may, however, be some delay in getting them off for want of ocean vessels. The difficulty results in part from the detention of seagoing vessels in the Department of the Gulf. To obviate it, such vessels should be returned North as early as possible. Unless this is done, there must be deadly in sending you troops from the North and East.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

