
FRANKLIN, LA., January 28, 1864-6.50 p. m.

(Received 7.20 p. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I learn from a source upon which I think I can rely that Major Levy, of General Taylor's staff, came to New Iberia three days ago and went back yesterday morning. He staid at my informant's house, and his object was to send in the flag of truce. General Taylor is at Alexandria and has not been to New Iberia. There are 10,000 men, who can be increased to 16,000 in a few days. He says that there is a raft 3 miles long now, which will be 10 miles long when the river rises, commanded by Fort De Russy. There are about 250 cavalry in New Iberia. I think that there is no present danger here, but will report more fully to-morrow. I arrived here this morning.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,New Orleans, La., January 28, 1864.

Major General W. B FRANKLIN,

Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: General Dana, is a letter bearing date January 20, 1864, writes me as follows:

There is a Mr. Veazie who belongs, perhaps, to Armstrong's scouts, and who is now in Franklin's camp, who ought to be here. I am informed that he is not a useful man in Louisiana, but would be very useful here. Will you be good enough to procure and forward him to me?

Could you comply with General Dana's request, and oblige, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Vols., Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 28, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that the generals commanding forces in different portions of Texas shall be instructed to collect beef-cattle whenever practicable, and ship by each returning steamer to New Orleans as many as can be profitably taken on board. This will of course only apply to such steamers as are suitable for transporting cattle. The great scarcity of beef-cattle in this region, and the difficulty of procuring them from the upper Mississippi, make it necessary that great attention should be paid to the duty of collecting such stock at all points where it may be feasible.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

