
from this point, Germantown, and Collierville southward toward Pontotoc and Meridian. The troops should start from Helena on the 31st instant, and continue to menace Panola until about the 2nd day of February, after which they can return to Helena. Let them report themselves to be but the advance of 5,000 men from Davidson's command.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

WM. SOOY SMITH,

Brigadier General, Chief of Cavalry, Division of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE EASTERN ARKANSAS,Helena, Ark., January 29, 1864.

Rear-Admiral PORTER:

DEAR SIR: Geneal Sherman's expedition is passing down the river, and has taken all my white troops except 244 infantry and 296 cavalry. I have also 1,200 colored troops with which to man six field-works and to do duty on chain guard, 4 miles long. I have a large warehouse and one wharf-boat of ordnance of immense value, and four large warehouses and two wharf-boats filled with quartermaster's and commissary stores. This post is the base of supplies for General Steele's army. The rebel General McRae has parts of twenty companies of cavalry between here and White River. He could collect up 500 at any time, and make a dash on my extended lines. I have requested more white troops, but as it is very doubtful if I shall get them, I earnestly request you to order a guns-at here to co-operate with me.

The gun-boat in this vicinity are seldom here, as they have to watch the cotton speculators above and below. I make this request, as I deem it indispensably necessary.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 29, 1864.

(Received 4.45 p. m., 30th.)

General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The commanding officer at Alton has positive orders from General Heintzelman. He wants to know which department he is subject to, as his territorial position puts him with Geneal Heitzelman, while by custom he is under General Schofield. Your orders are desired in the desired in the premises. Your dispatch of 11 a. m. to-day received.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

PATTERSON, January 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of Saint Louis:

SIR: My scouts are all in. They bring no word of any force near here. They were all over the Cherokee Bay, and all the country between Currant and Black Rivers. Captain Johns chased Reves until he made him take water, and killed 4 men and burned 1 bale

