
PORT HUDSON, LA., January 4, 1864.

General C. P. STONE:

Forging party returned, and successfully. Cavalry captured an outpost of 3 men belonging to Scott's (rebel) calvary near Jackson. They report Scott collecting his men again after the holidays. The interior work here is not making such progress as I think the service requires. Several of the hands are absent for the holidays. If an engineer regiment could be possibly spared here for thirty days it would greatly hasten the completion of the work.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

THIBODEAUX, LA., January 4, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

The planters of this district held a meeting in the court-house here to-day, and appointed a committee to wait upon the authorities at New Orleans respecting their interests. The Twelfth Connecticut Regiment left Brashear to-day for New Orleans. There One hundred and eighteenth Illinois is waiting transportation to Port Hudson at Donaldsonville. First Indiana Battery is ready to embark at the same place for New Orleans. Constant communication is held between Plaquemine and Donaldsonville.

The operator here has not as yet received a cipher.

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., January 4, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I reached this place yesterday, reporting to Major-General Dana in accordance with my orders, and assuming command of the troops on this line. General Dana sails to-morrow for Pass Cavallo. I have seen a paper of his to Major-General Banks regarding the withdrawal of all troops from here, except a post command, and commencing operations from Corpus Christi. By the next steamer I will also submit to the major-general commanding a paper on the same subject. If correctly informed, I cannot think it advisable to withdraw the troops from here at this time. General Dana has undoubtedly informed you of the movements on the others side of the river during the past few days, and the change of governors.

I will send further information as soon as obtained.

With very great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

