HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 30, 1864.

Lieutenant MORLEY,

Quartermaster, Casville, Mo.:

How many extra horses are there now at Cassville? What is the nearest point to Cassville where horses can be fed? I think I will order the troops back at once if there is no enemy near Berryville.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., January 30, 1864.

Captain CAMERON,

Commanding at Cassville, Mo.:

All the mounted force now at Cassville, except sufficient to do the escort duty for the trains and guard the section of artillery, will be moved forward toward Berryville until it can obtain forage for the animals, and will report to General Holland; and if all the forces under him are not needed the detachment of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry will be ordered to this place. Of the two squadrons of Enrolled Missouri Militia, one may be sent to Keatsville.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,

Fort Gibson, C. N., January 30, 1864.

Soldiers! I take you with me to clean out the Indian Nation south of the river and drive away and destroy the rebels. Let me say a few words to you that you are not to forget. Do not begin firing in battle until you are ordered. When you fire, aim low, about the knee, or at the lower part of a man's body, if on horseback. Never fire in the air. Fire slowly and never until you see something to shoot at that you may hit. Do not waste your ammunition. Do not straggle or go away from the command; it is cowards only that leave their comrades in the face of the enemy; nearly all the men we get killed are stragglers. Keep with me close and obey orders, and we will soon have peace. Those who are still in arms are rebels, who ought to die. Do not kill a prisoner after he has surrendered. But I do not ask you to take prisoners. I ask you to make your footsteps severe and terrible.

Muscogees! the time has now come when you are to remember the authors of all your sufferings; those who started a needless and wicked war, who drove you from your homes, who robbed you of your property. Stand by me faithfully and we will soon have peace. Watch over each other to keep each other right, and be ready to strike a terrible blow on those who murdered your wives and little ones by the Red Fork along the Verdigris or by Dave Farm Cowpens. Do not be afraid. We have always beaten them. We will surely win. May God go with us.

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

