HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DIST., CENTRAL DIST. OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 1, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Lazear's report in relation to the condition of affairs on the western boundary of La Fayette County. I have also received a communication from Lieutenant Couch, at Chapel Hill, to the effect that small bands of bushwhackers infest the country west of Chapel Hill, in Jackson County. His command fired upon a party of 3 and captured 3 horses a few days since; the men escaped.

As directed in your favor of the 28th ultimo, I have enjoined upon all my command prompt and energetic action for the protection of the lives and property of the citizens. I have no information of incursions of Kansas men since Ridgway's raid, and arrangements have been made that, it is hoped, will prevent such incursions hereafter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES MCFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry, M. S. M., Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., January 30, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 18, dated headquarters First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Warrensburg, Mo, January 24, 1864, I proceeded to the western boundary of La Fayette County and made all inquiries about the raid made by Lieutenant Ridgway and his command of Eleventh Kansas Volunteers. Owing to the persons that were robbed being from home, I could not procure the affidavits of the parties so as to set forth all the facts, but have instructed Captain Moore to procure the same and forward them to this place without any unnecessary delay. Company I, Captain Burris, was ordered into camp at the Hutchins farm, near Hopewell, with instructions to keep a vigilant patrol on the western boundary of the county, and instructed to keep that section clear of all marauding bands and guerrillas. Captain Moore has the same instructions as to that part of the county lying north of the Sni, and Lieutenant Couch will keep the country in the vicinity of Chapel Hill clear.

As to guerrillas, there is no doubt but there is a band in that section of country, but at this time they are scattered mostly in the Sni Hills in Jackson County. Some messengers I sent across to Hopewell were fired upon on Tuesday near Tucker's Mill, in Greenton Valley, by a party of 6 or 7 guerrillas; no one hurt. From what I can learn there are probably from 30 to 50, all told, but could not learn who they were under. From the disposition now made of our forces on the western border of the county, I have no fears of another raid being made by Kansas troops. Having made such dispositions of the troops as I think will effectually carry out your wishes and that would give protection to people and property in that section, I returned to this post January 29.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

