HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOLLAND,

Commanding, in the Field:

The troops stationed and operating in Arkansas will move to a position nearly on the northern limits of the forage district or region and occupy a position where they can obtain forage and communicate readily with Cassville and Springfield. A report of the marched and operations since being in Arkansas will be made by the respective commanders as their earliest opportunity. The foregoing order does not include or apply to troops under the immediate command and operating with General Holland, who, when the object for which they were sent into Arkansas has been accomplished, will return to Springfield and vicinity.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain Cameron will send the above dispatch to General Holland by first dispatch bearer sent from his post.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 2, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit dispatches from Major General F. J. Herron, commanding U. S. forces on the Rio Grande, and from the commander of the forces at Mesilla, N. Mex., Brigadier General J. R. West, commanding forces in the District of Arizona. The suggestion made in my dispatch to General Carleton was that he should communicate to me the strength and position of his command, with a view to ascertain if any co-operation of our forces was practicable in Western Texas. It does not appear that he can assist us; and my own operations are so changed since the date of my dispatch that we cannot with advantage co-operate with him. Other measures more feasible and important are open to us.

No important change appears to have occurred in General Herron's command. The American consul has returned to Matamoras and receives more than accustomed favor at the hands of the Government and the people of Tamaulipas. The occupation of Rio Grande City by Colonel Davis would appear to extend our lines too much. If our movements on the Red River are successful, the slender trade that is now done on that line of communication with Mexico will soon be finished. I have given orders to establish our depot for the Rio Grande on Brazos Island, which is perfectly secure against attack, communicating with the mouth of the river by a bridge and road by the way of Boca Chica; thence to Brownsville by steamers now upon the river. This would enable me to reduce materially the forces on the Rio Grande.

I have directed General Ord to superintend in person the fortifications at Pass Cavallo, withdrawing troops from the mainland to that island, which, with the aid of the navy, can be held by a small force against any attack in the power of the enemy. As soon as

