
you, viz: A wharf at Brazos Island, depots there, a bridge over Boca Chica, and a beach road to the mouth of the Rio Grande, with steam-boat transportation thence to Brownsville.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., February 2, 1864.

Major General F. J. HERRON,

Commanding U. S. Forces on Rio Grande, Brownsville, Tex:

GENERAL: Your letter of January 2 (supposed to be an error of date by your copying clerk), covering certain documents of evidence taken before a grand jury, and referring to action taken by the provisional court established by General Hamilton, Military Governor, is this day received.

The major-general commanding the department directs me to state in reply, that no action of any court in the district under your jurisdiction will be regarded without your approval, to be subject of course to action from these headquarters, after your own. All cases brought before any court within your jurisdiction which you may not approve of having so submitted will be dismissed by your order.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., February 2, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: About the only matter of interest connected with Mexican affairs since I last wrote you is the trouble between Vidauri and Juarez. Vidauri, who is governor of Nuevo Leon and Coahuila, is immensely wealthy, the greater portion of his wealth having been made through the house of Milmo &amp; Co., at Monterey. Milmo, the son-in-law of Vidauri, is an exceedingly shrewd business man, and has been extensively engaged in furnishing supplies to Texas, receiving payment in cotton. Governor Vidauri has the credit of favoring the rebel cause, and at the same time, it is said, has an understanding with the French that his States are not to be disturbed by their armies, for which he is to do some things in return. One thing is certain, that for the past month he has not only been opposed to Juarez, but using every means to influence the public against him. He has so far succeeded as to bring over the Juarez cabinet and several of the prominent generals to his side, among them Doblado and Ortega.

Last week a commission was sent by the Vidauri party from Monterey to Saltillo, to request Juarez to resign, Ortega to take his place as President, with Vidauri as minister of state, and immediately after these changes a compromise to be made with the French. Since my last to you Ruiz has been ordered to a command in the

