
field, and Adreas Trevino, a citizen of Tamaulipas, appointed governor of that State. The order of Juarez making these changes, a copy of which was sent to me, arrived here several days ago, but thus far Cortina refuses to recognize the new appointment, and it is said by the best-informed persons in Matamoras that overtures have been made to Cortina by Vidauri to act with them.

The States of Mexico bordering on the Rio Grande are controlled by the enemies of Juarez, and although apparently friendly to us now, it is difficult to tell what they will do when Juarez is forced out. I have conversed with many gentlemen from the interior of Mexico, and find that there is a general feeling of despondency throughout the country; that but little confidence is felt in the ability of the Juarez Government to drive out the French, and that almost any terms would be accepted by the people to close the war. A gentleman from Sann Augustin reports that the French are very short of supplies, that considerable dissatisfaction exists among the officers, and that they are disgusted with the campaign thus far. These items, though of not any great importance, I have thought best to forward to the major-general commanding for his information. The relations existing between the authorities of Tamaulipas and myself are exceedingly friendly, and, personally, I have enjoyed the intercourse with them very much. Inclosed find an official bulletin* published at Monterey.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., February 2, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: By the last mail I addressed a communication to you in reference to the claim of Mr. Kimmey, vice-consul at Monterey, in reference to cash given by him to destitute refugees from Texas passing through that place. Mr. Pierce, U. S. consul at Matamoras, also desires me to speak of this matter. In the same way he has for the past two years been giving from his own purse and borrowing from Mr. J. Galvan, to aid refugees. I am unable to advise him what department will settle these claims, and therefore refer the matter to you. Mr. Pierce has already paid out so much that for the past month I relieved him to a certain extent by having the refugees and their families sent to this side, where they are provided for as well as we are able. All of them are entirely destitute of money and in many cases have nothing but the clothing they wear, which, after the rough journey they are compelled to make to get here, is badly worn.

I have been, and am now as far as possible, providing for these families by placing them in the vacant houses that have been repaired so as to make them habitable, issuing rations to them, and making such as are able do work for the Government. Others, with some help in the way of money, go to New Orleans and from there to their friends North. There being no way of helping these people through the quartermaster's department, I have thus far aided them by a tax

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

