
upon the sutlers and the rents of abandoned property, which up to the present time have sufficed. Yesterday Mr. Kimmey drew on me for $ 75 paid out in this way and also sent forward two families, in all 10 persons. The amount of help required is so much that I have thought best to report to the commanding general the course I am pursuing, to know if it meets his approval.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Indianola, Tex., February 2, 1864.

Captain HUGH G. BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces:

CAPTAIN: We are very much in need of intrenching tools for the prosecution of the works at this place, and Lieutenant George J. Jones, acting assistant quartermaster, has them in store with instructions not to issue except on the order of the major-general commanding. Will you please inform me how I can procure them, and upon whose requisition they will be issued? While I am honestly desirous of carrying on the works ordered by General Dana to a speedy completion, I am not willing to become responsible for the necessary tools by making requisition for them myself.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Numbers 2. Little Rock, Ark., February 2, 1864.

I. Pursuant to instructions from the President of the United States, the following military posts are hereby designated as the points at which the loyal citizens will take the proclamation oath of allegiance preparatory to reorganizing the State government, viz: Little Rock, Helena, Pine Bluff, Van Buren, Fayetteville, Dardanelle, Lewisburg, Batesville, and Devall's Bluff. The oath will be administered by the local provost-marshals at the points designated, and will be subscribed to by each individual on a book prepared for the purpose; the date of taking the oath and residence of the person being noted.

II. Brigadier General Nathan Kimball is appointed to superintend the matter. He is authorized to proceed to any or all of the points mentioned, and to give such needful instructions as he may deem proper. He may, at his discretion, name other points for taking the oath, and give directions through post commanders to the local provost-marshals. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary books and blanks.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

GEO. O. SOKALSKI,

First Lieutenant, Second Cavalry, and A. A. A. G.

15 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT II

