
and that Captain Freret had come from Shreveport. The cavalry is all at the front after cattle, and I learn from rumor that they went into New Iberia yesterday. This, however, I doubt.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

BATON ROUGE, LA., February 3, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE, Chief of Staff:

A man sent near Bayou Grossetete reports that there is no enemy, except a picket of 12, this side Red River. He stopped short of the bayou for fear of negro bandits, who, he reports, are committing murders.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

U. S. CONSULATE,

Monterey, Mexico, February 3, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Wednesday evening.)

Major General F. J. HERRON, Brownsville, Tex.:

SIR: An express to the rebel commissioner reached here this afternoon from Colonel J. S. Ford with the information that he was preparing for an attack on Brownsville. The dispatch was dated January 31. Ford's headquarters are at Fort Ewell, on the Nueces. He reports having 1,500 men, well armed and provisioned, ready to move as soon as 600, who are on the march to his headquarters, should arrive, which would be in three days from the time of his writing. I have this information from a reliable man who saw the dispatch. Ford's men are all mounted. Three companies of rangers are said to be on their way to Eagle Pass. Trouble is anticipated at Piedras Negras.

The rebels have threatened to cross to this side and burn the town. No cotton is crossing into Mexico. Rebel cotton is accumulating at Eagle Pass. I forwarded a dispatch from General Carleton to General Banks under cover to you by the stage that left here at 12 o'clock to-day. Information from General Carleton is of service to you - why not open it? We are about to have a change in the affairs of the Government here. Governor Vidauri refuses to allow the funds of this State to be used by the General Government, and has called a meeting of the people to declare against President Juarez. Seniors Doblado and Ortega are expected here in a few days. I send this by special express that will wait at Matamoras to bring back any dispatches or papers you have for me.

Your obedient servant,

M. M. KIMMEY,

U. S. Vice-Consul.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP FERGUSON,Lawrence County, Ark., February 3, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON:

DEAR SIR: Captain E. O. Wolf, who goes to Batesville under a flag of truce with a detail of 4 men, will deliver to you 4 prisoners, soldiers of your command, captured by him on the ----. Their

