
hope you will investigate the matter. Many of these men do acts of violence both to citizens and soldiers which the laws of war can never justify, and frequently my soldiers are blamed for such acts. I have issued an order (a copy of which I send you) to have all such men punished severely whenever found, not only for the good of the country, but for the protection of my own soldiers. I have many thanks to offer you for the bottle of fine old Bourbon you sent me through Captain Grace, and I regret exceedingly that I have not some of the same sort to send you in return, but the country cannot afford it, and my communication with other sections where it can be obtained is somewhat interrupted at present. I hope, however, this will not be the case much longer.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. FREEMAN,

Colonel, Commanding, C. S. Army.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP BREWER,Izard County, Ark., January 24, 1864.

[Extract from general orders.]

Information having reached me that there are many persons roving through the country committing depredations upon the citizens, and claiming to be my soldiers for the sake of protection when captured, it is hereby ordered that whenever such persons are found and convicted of the above-named offense they shall suffer death or such other punishment as may be inflicted by a court-martial.

By order of Colonel T. R. Freeman, commanding regiment:

EDW. T. FRISTOE,

Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS CAMP FERGUSON,Lawrence County, Ark., February 3, 1864.

Guards, pickets, and scouts will pass Captain E. O. Wolf and 4 men, with 4 prisoners, to Batesville, Ark., under a flag of truce.

By order of Colonel T. R. Freeman, commanding:

EDW. T. FRISTOE,

Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

BATESVILLE, ARK., February 6, 1864.

Received of First Lieutenant T. H. Griffin, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, the following-named Confederate prisoners of war: Jesse Ritchie, Company K (Captain Wolf's),

-----

Fry, Company C, Peter Young, Company A, and Washington Mitchell, a detailed teamster.

E. O. WOLF,

Captain, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., February 3, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. YOUNG,

Fifth Kansas Cavalry, Kansas City, Mo.:

March at once into Kansas and report to General Curtis.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

