
dance of steamers being below this point and subject to his order having been engaged in transporting General Sherman's and other commands to Vicksburg. He will stop them and send an officer to Cairo to communicate with Colonel Myers and superintend their loading. The river is open to Saint Louis and a rise in the Ohio, which will bring out coal and military stores in abundance. Have written Colonel Holabird more particularly. Wrote you from Vicksburg.

Later information corroborates views stated therein as to position of Confederates west of river. Are busy as bees obstructing the Red River and fortifying Shreveport. Supplies are directed to the Army of the Cumberland at Cairo, below which point but little can be obtained. Four steamers are now en route for New Orleans with stores; they can be detained if wanted. I hope my course of action will meet your approval. I can see no reason why all the transportation wanted cannot be obtained immediately. Shall leave this evening for Saint Louis, to communicate with Colonel Myers and General Allen.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN S. CLARK,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

PORT HUDSON, LA., February 4, 1864 - 7.20 p. m.

General STONE, Chief of Staff:

Nothing important this evening. There was heavy firing heard up the river this evening about 4 o'clock.

G. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CORPS D'AFRIQUE,Port Hudson, La., February 4, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post of the First Regiment Missouri Volunteers (colored), Colonel Barrett commanding.

GEO. B. HALSTED,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Corps d'Afrique.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE,Brownsville, Tex., February 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General STONE, Chief of Staff:

MY DEAR GENERAL: When I left New Orleans the written instructions from General Banks directed me to report direct to department headquarters. This I have been doing thus far, but now I see corps headquarters are established at New Orleans, and I write this to ask whether there will be any change in the instructions. I send copies of all returns to the corps commander, but send my other reports to you. Please advise me.

Very truly, yours,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

