
run the country. I will deplore the urgency that necessitates such a course, but if it has to be adopted it will be effectually. I have thus written to you out of the course usually pursued by military authority because you set the example, and still more for the reason that you may understand my course toward the very mixed classes of armed men I find throughout the country.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding. District.

FORT SMITH, January 4, 1864.-(Received 7th.)

Brigadier-General TOTTEN:

The Arkansas River is frozen over sufficiently to sustain horses. Six inches of snow on the ground. We must soon have navigation. Steam-boats loaded with supplies should be at the month of the river ready to ascend. We are now on half rations of bread, and in a week shall be destitute of bread supplies, except what a few country mills can afford over bad roads with scanty transportation. Our train had to go to Devall's Bluff for supplies, there being none at Little Rock, and cannot be expected here before the 25th.

JOHN MCNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,St. Louis, January 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel T. J. Haines, chief commissary of subsistence, Department of the Missouri.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF COM. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, January 12, 1864.

Ample supplies have been sent to Devall's Bluff. The subsistence department cannot procure transportation beyond that point for what is required at Little Rock for Fort Smith. This should be referred to the quartermaster's department.

T. J. HAINES,

Colonel and Chief of Commissary of Subsistence.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel William Myers, chief quartermaster, Department of the Missouri, for his information and action should any seem to be required.

By order of Major-General Schofield:

J. A. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

