
ticable, and he has returned here. I am driven to the strait of risking this letter by a skiff down the river, and entreat that immediately upon its receipt you will send a small boat up to bring me my subsistence from Jacksonport. I must have the boat, or be forced to abandon this post, where I have already accomplished much real good, and it would be too bad to sacrifice it all for want of transportation; empty stomachs are urging you to send us a boat and I trust you will see the absolute necessity for promptness in responding to me. McRae will eventually work his way west and south to Price. Major-General Steele should be advised of his intentions. He has about 500 poorly armed but well-mounted men with him. I have cleaned out Freeman and captured a boat-load of prisoners.

Move heaven and earth to get a boat sent up here or we must leave. The major-general commanding the department is anxious to keep this command here, and all we need is a boat to bring our supplies up. Telegraph to Major-General Steele the situation of affairs and do all in your power to help me.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

BATESVILLE, ARK., February 4, 1864.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dist. of Northeastern Arkansas:

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions received from district headquarters February 1, 1864, I started at 7 p. m., with a detail of 30 men, First Nebraska Cavalry, for the wreck of the steamer Mill Boy, near Jacksonport. Arrived at Captain Curran's camp at 3 a. m., 2nd instant. At sunrise I crossed White River with 16 men to go upon the south side of the river, and sent a detail to take a flat-boat up the river, but on account of a strong wind they could not get the flat nearer than 1 mile of the wreck. I got everything off that was possible with a small skiff. It was impossible to save the gun carriage or ammunition box. I sent the gun down to Captain Curran's camp. At 4 p. m. I recrossed the White River; encamped with First Battalion, First Nebraska Cavalry. On the morning of the 3, having fulfilled my instructions, I started for Batesville; arrived here at 4 p. m.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. POTTS,

Captain, First Nebraska Cavalry.

WASHINGTON, February 4, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Representing the Sixth district of Missouri, embracing the border counties adjoining Kansas, I cannot but feel a deep interest for the people of my district on the border. I am truly gratified that Kansas has been cut off from Missouri. All our trouble on the border has grown out of our contiguity to Kansas, and with a district composed partly of Kansas and a tier of border counties in Missouri, and that district commanded by a Kansas general and a Kansas pol-

