HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, February 4, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

I congratulate the Bolin catchers. How many Bolins are there in Southeast Missouri? McRae will wish he had not come to Bloomfield, should he make a pilgrimage to Stoddard County.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, February 4, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

The capture of Bolin was a mistake. No one knew the fiend until he was brought in and recognized by citizens. We are ready to rectify all such mistakes. There are three of the Bolins. We do not fear McRae.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF HOUSTON,Houston, February 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you the following statement made by J. B.:

Left Houston January 26, 1864, and went in the direction of Thomasville. When about 15 miles this side of Thomasville, I was halted by Evans' men; they told me that the Federals were coming down to move Beatty's family. I staid that night at Wallace's, on Eleven Points River, 8 miles this side of Thomasville. Evans' men were guarding the road. The next morning I proceeded in the direction of Thomasville. When about 2 miles distant 3 men ordered me to halt, and after a careful and thorough investigation they were satisfied that I was a recruiting officer and as good as they were secesh.

I asked them where Coleman was. They said I must go with them to see Captain Evans, who was about half a mile from the road; that Coleman was coming up to the relief of the people. Captain Evans said that Coleman intended to come up and destroy the trains between Rolla and Houston, and that they intended to hold the country around there till hell froze over. He said the Federals who come in here again will never get out again. Evans told me where I would find Coleman. I went south and found Coleman at a place called Ash Flats, feeding his horses, with about 120 men, 100 of whom were Campbell's men. Coleman was on his way north. He told me that he had sent 75 men which they have been recruiting after their horses and they were to meet him somewhere on Eleven Points River. Coleman left about one hour by sun, p. m., and traveling all night stopped at a place about 25 miles from Alton. There Coleman got a dispatch stating that the Federals from Batesville had captured all his horses and the men he had sent after them. Coleman then went back, leaving Campbell with a few men to guard the pack-mules, saying he would get his horses back if he had to go to Batesville. I then left in the direction of Thomasville. I found that Evans and McCulloch, each with about 30 men, were in advance of Coleman. They are regular bushwhackers and keep away from the Confederate soldiers. They are now scattered through Dent and Texas Counties. They are very cautious in their marching. When they cross a road they find a rocky place which will leave no track, or otherwise spread their blankets down and pass over on them. I received information that at a place near Thomasville, called the Gulf, there was secreted a large amount of corn which they have for the purpose of feeding their stolen horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding Post.

