
circumstances. The principal posts are Batesville, Devall's Bluff, Little Rock, Pine Bluff, Lewisburg, and Dardanelle. I do not know whether any person is authorized to take from Arkansas the troops at Waldron, Van Buren, and Fayetteville, but it appears that some such movements is going on. I shall endeavor to keep up communication with you through emissaries, and shall be glad to receive any suggestions from you and to co-operate with you in any of your movements, if possible.

I will point out on the map to Captain Dunham the position of the rebels in Arkansas. They can concentrate rapidly on the Ouachita, at Camden, or on the Red River, near Washington.

Since writing the above the spy alluded to above informs me that General Taylor moved to Shreveport with part of his command, a part went to Camden, and two brigades to Monroe. It would appear from this that Pine Bluff may be their objective point.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

BATON ROUGE, LA., February 5, 1864 - 8 p. m.

(Received 8.10 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Boardman has been on Bayou Grossetete after beeves; captured some, but could not drive them through the woods. Roads exceedingly bad. Had some skirmishes. Took Major Barrow (assistant adjutant-general to General McCown), 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 9 privates prisoners; captured also 26 horses and 7 mules. Lost 2 men, 1 wounded; both captured. Brought 15 or 20 contrabands. Reports that 1,500 to 2,000 of the enemy are back to Morgan, La., chiefly infantry, with artillery and cavalry; that Lee has not yet crossed west.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PORT HUDSON, LA., February 5, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Brigadier-General STONE:

I am informed that a band of armed negroes are committing outrages at or near the Hermitage Landing, across the river, and some of the people ask protection. I have no cavalry to send. I think the people themselves should deal with the matter. I distrust most of them and believe they would betray my force into the hands of the enemy if they could. Some of them are no doubt honest.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

FORT SMITH, ARK., February 5, 1864.

Colonel O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Is the town of Fort Smith in the Department of Arkansas or Kansas? Has there been any reassignment of the troops here?

J. M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General.

