
CAPE GIRARDEAU, February 5, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

We have Lieutenant John F. Bolinn here in irons. He commanded at the Round Pond massacre; is guilty of many cold-blooded murders of citizens. Let me convene the commission and try him here, as all the witnesses are here. The feeling here is intense against his being sent away from here for trial.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, February 5, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

What shall be done with the prisoners captured with Bolin? They claim to be regular soldiers in the rebel army. There are 7 of them.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, February 5, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

Let Bolin's men be tried by the commission. If they are regular soldiers of the rebel army they will be able to show it. They are undoubtedly guerrillas.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., February 5, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

One of my spies that accompanied our forces into Arkansas returned yesterday. Captain Turner, commanding 100 men of the Sixth Missouri State Militia, on his return from Batesville, where he had been sent with dispatches, together with a portion of Colonel Livingston's command, attacked a rebel force numbering 250, in Searcy County, Ark., making at once a cavalry charge upon the enemy, routing them, and taking 70 prisoners, among whom were 5 commissioned officers, and killing and wounding many, and capturing 50 stand of arms and all the enemy's train, 2 wagons, with the horses and mules. Our loss was but 1 sergeant wounded. Captain Human, commanding battalion Eighth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, has had much skirmishing with the rebels and killed and wound a large number, and captured 6 prisoners and 1 commissioned officer. I have not yet got the detail of the operations of the First and Second Arkansas Cavalry, but am confident that all is right and that their report will be good when it comes.

JNO. B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

