HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Camp Willetts, 35 Miles S. W. North Fork, C. N., Feb. 5. 1864.

Lieutenant GALLAHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I arrived with my command here last night after four days' hard marching. No forage until we got here. Rebels all fled on our approach. Tell Provost Waterhouse to see that the egress is closely guarded and few passes given. There have been traitors there. I have sent Major Willetts, with Captain Harris, Lieutenants jacobs and Timpson, and detachment from battalion Fourteenth [Kansas] and First and Third [Indian], up to clean out the rebels on Little River and upper Canadian. I shall leave no secesh in the country. I have also sent Captain Anderson with detachment of First and Third to Caney Creek to clean out a camp there and get or destroy their train. There has been no fighting, but some skirmishing; 7 rebels have been killed and as many taken prisoners. Andy Murrell, the scout, is severely but I think not dangerously wounded.

The enemy, Cooper, Watie, and some Texans, are concentrating at Boggy Depot, which I rather like, as I would rather fight them there than hunt them up.

I do not expect to get a battle short of Pike's Ditches, but they may move on me. I am anxiously looking for Colonel Moonlight, who was to have joined me, but of whom I have not yet heard. Watie marched past this place as he went back from his raid after the Barren Fork battle three weeks ago. I find also that a well-mounted force of white rebels passed in here just ahead of us, going south. They had crossed Arkansas River 60 miles above Gibson. I expect some of Quantrill's men. Colonels McIntosh and Hawkins' commands were here, but have fled. Forward mail for the whole command here. They can follow my trail.

By order of Colonel William A. Phillips:

R. T. THOMPSON,

First Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., February 5, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that on the 22nd ultimo 57 Sioux Indians of the lower refugee bands, to wit, 14 men, 20 women, and 23 children, surrendered themselves to Major Hatch at Pembina. They have doubtless been driven to this step to save themselves from impending starvation. I have ordered Major Hatch to guard securely all the men who may be taken or give themselves up and dispatch them to Fort Abercrombie under proper escort as soon as practicable. Very few of the men of the lower bands are innocent of active participation in the horrible massacres of 1862.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

