HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., February 5, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state for your information that Major Nelson, superintendent of recruiting in this city, has this day received a telegraphic dispatch from the Adjutant-General's Office, in Washington City, asking when the Second Regiment Minnesota Cavalry would be ready for the field. As this may indicate an intention to order the regiment out of this district, I have deemed it proper to advise you of the fact, that you may make such representations as you may deem proper in the premises. Such a diminution of force will hopelessly cripple and embarrass me in carrying out your plans of operations, and operate disastrously upon the interests of Minnesota and Iowa. Should we be compelled to assume a merely defensive position during the coming season, I have no hesitation in stating it as my opinion that new courage will be infused into the savages and the war become more general and prolonged. Not a single man can be spared from the force in this military district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., February 5, 1864.

Major A. D. NELSON,

Mustering and Disbursing Officer, Saint Paul:

MAJOR: I have the honor to reply to your communication of this date that of the companies of the Second Minnesota Cavalry, four (A, B, C, and D) are fully armed, equipped, and mounted. Companies E, F, G, and H are armed, but not mounted. Companies I, K, L, and M have been provided with sabers. Of the first-mentioned companies two are stationed at each of posts at First Ridgely and Ripley. It is the intention of the brigadier-general commanding to dispatch the four companies next in order to different posts in the district, and to retain the last four for a time at Fort Snelling.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON, LA., February 6, 1864 - 11 a. m.

(Received 3.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

A strong scouting party of my cavalry went yesterday within 6 miles of Jackson and down on the Clinton plank road to 7 miles of Baton Rouge, returning by Springfield Landing road. Saw only 4 of the enemy. Nothing further of importance.

GEO. L. ANDREWS.

