
PORT HUDSON, LA., February 6, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Two prisoners and 6 refugees sent to me this p. m. by Captain Foster, U. S. Navy. One refugee, very intelligent, says the enemy are still fortifying at Fort De Russy and have obstructions in the river below said fort. Says Walker's division only is in Western Louisiana; all other troops gone to Texas. Rebels claim to have over 30,000 men west of the Mississippi. There is a report that Bragg has returned to this side the river; that from the naval officers.

G. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DONALDSONVILLE, LA.,

February 6, 1864-5.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: Colonel Spiegel, at Plaquemine, says reports from citizens in the neighborhood of Indian Village say that there was fighting yesterday toward Grossetete between U. S. forces coming from Baton Rouge and the rebels, in which a company of Confederates were captured. All quiet at Plaquemine and here.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

THIBODEAUX, LA., February 6, 1864-6.15 p. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Rumors from Donaldsonville of a fight up toward Grossetete. The steamer and guard sent to Offutt's Mill for lumber for Brashear has returned. made a thorough search upon Lac Fausse Pointe, but found no rebels whatever.

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 6, 1864.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the department authorizes you to transfer from the Rio Grande frontier to Major-General Dana's position a sufficient force of cavalry to perform the necessary picket duty and the scouting absolutely necessary for the safety of his command.

The wish of the commanding general is that the number should be limited to the smallest force practicable, and his impression is that 200 will be sufficient for the purpose. He does not expect Major-General Dana to operate beyond his lines with this insufficient force, nor can

