
he be expected to supply himself to any great extent while so restricted in his cavalry arm. It will be more to the general interest of the service to depend for the present on the sea transportation for supplying General Dana's force than to dispose of a large body of cavalry there under existing circumstances.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Indianola, Tex., February 6, 1864.

Captain HUGH G. BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces:

CAPTAIN: General Warren reports his arrival at Foster's. Found lumber, but no enemy. He had loaded the lumber when his messenger left and was ready to return. Will probably be in by 4 p. m. to-day.

Very respectfully,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Indianola, Tex., February 6, 1864.

Captain HUGH G. BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Forces:

CAPTAIN: General Warren has just returned with his command. He brings twenty-nine wagon loads of lumber; about 30,000 feet. He reports that he saw nothing of the enemy, excepting 20 mounted men, who retired on the approach of our forces, and is of the opinion, based upon the reports of the citizens, that there are not more than 300 in the vicinity, and the largest portion of these are in or near Victoria. The lumber he brings in hard pine, 1 1/4 inches thick. More of the same kind can be procured by tearing down the fences in that vicinity. General Orders, Nos. 14 and 15, with Governor Hamilton's address and the deserter's letter, were sent to Lavaca by a citizen residing there and professing to be a Unionist.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., February 6, 1864.

Major T. R. FREEMAN,

C. S. Army:

I am directed by the colonel commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your communication under date 3rd instant, conveyed under flag of truce, by Captain Wolf, and rendering up 4 Federal soldiers, prisoners of war, to be exchanged for 4 others, to wit, Jesse Ritchie, of Company K (Captain Wolf), --- Fry, of Company C, Peter Young, of Company A, and Washington Mitchell, a detailed teamster, who

