
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., February 6, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

While I think the hanging of Bolin just, I still regret that it was done by violence, without trial. Your telegram to me will be misunderstood as winking at it. I apprehend further violence. I will be obliged if you will give me a reprimand or a hint to allow no more violence, so I may the better be able to restrain my men.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, February 6, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,

Cape Girardeau:

I much regret that you failed to restrain you men from the unlawful proceedings resulting in the hanging of Bolin. Such acts of violence demoralize both soldiers and citizens. Take prompt and decisive steps to restrain further violence toward the prisoners yet in custody. I would prefer that no such villains be taken prisoners, but after they have been captured and imprisoned within our lines, law and order and the well-being of the community imperatively demand that they receive a proper trial and be punished for their crimes in the manner prescribed by law.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

PATTERSON, MO., February 6, 1864.

General FISK:

The last raid of guerrillas is about played out. We caught and killed 2. The citizens are arming in many places to resist them. I am giving them all the encouragement I can. I know where they keep their headquarters, but the waters are too high yet to reach them. The telegraph line has been cut twice between here and the Knob this week. My men are patrolling the line to Arcadia now.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., February 6, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that, as directed in your telegram of the 4th instant, I have made such dispositions as were deemed necessary with reference to Todd's force. Truman, the scout, came here on the evening of the 4th, and his report confirmed, to some extent, the Kansas City telegram. I have no other news at this time in relation to Todd's force. If anything important takes place I will advise you by telegraph.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

