HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 6, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER SIXTH P. E. M. M. CAV.,

In the Field, James Creek, Mo.:

The general commanding the district directs that you move your command from your present position forward to Bowers' Mills, or other place in that vicinity, with a view to convenience of forage, at which place you will halt your command for two or three days, when, if you are not further instructed from these headquarters, you will move forward down the east or northeast side of White River and cross at or near Dent's Falls, and thence proceed to Rolling Prairie, obeying the instructions heretofore received from these headquarters.

W. D. HUBBARD,

First Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 6, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER TROOPS 6TH P. E. MO. MILL. CAV.:

Further information received from the field to-day. The general commanding the district directs that you move your command immediately across White River at the mouth of James Creek, and proceed thence to Rolling Prairie and go into camp, obeying the instructions heretofore received from these headquarters. The instructions sent to you this morning by dispatch bearers are hereby rescinded.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Fist Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, February 6, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Fort Scott, Kans.:

Major McKenny, of General Curtis' staff, has just returned from Kansas City, where he has been for some days looking into the condition of the border. He reports that Captain Coleman had a skirmish among the hills of the Big Sni, with about 100 guerrillas, on thee 3rd instant. There are indications of a raid into Kansas. You will put your force in as good fighting condition as possible, though there is no cause for alarm.

Vigilance is the price of safety, however, and it will be expected that you will not neglect any precaution, as well as to ascertain whether there by an enemy on the border with an intention of invading Kansas, as also to meet them should they come. Send out aa small reconnoitering party in the direction of Jackson County and along the border, and report any information you may obtain. Send by return messenger a statement of the condition of your command, the number for duty, &c.

Very respectfully,

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

