HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General CARLETON,

Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Wright telegraphs from California on the 3rd instant that he has sent four companies of the First California Cavalry en route to Tucson, and that three more companies will be forwarded as soon as they can be mounted. It is very desirable, general, that you send as many troops as possible down the Rio Grande, to co-operate with General Banks' forces moving up from Bronwsville, and to prevent so far as possible any trade or communication between thee rebels in Texas and their friends on Mexican territory. This movement will also serve to protect loyal refugees who have been driven toward the northern frontier of Texas. It is hoped that you may enlist a portion of may into our service. As the troops employed on this service will be in position to operate against any rebel force that may attempt to invade your department, it is hoped that you will make the expedition as large and efficient as possible. You will operate without regard to department lines, and any portion of Texas which may be occupied by you will be considered as in your military department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 6, 1864.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to transmit inclosed, for the consideration of the General-in-Chief, a sketch of proposed operations against the Indians during the coming season, and a paper on Indian policy addressed to the Secretary of War. On the former of these papers I would be glad to have a decision as soon as practicable, as some arrangements must be made to carry on the purposes therein set forth before the opening of the spring.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 6, 1864.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit, for the consideration of the General-in-Chief, the following sketch of proposed operations in the Indian country during the coming season: It is my purpose as soon as the spring opens to establish the following military posts, viz: First. A post of three companies of infantry and five companies of cavalry at Devil's Lake. Second. A post of three companies of infantry and five companies of cavalry on James River, nearly west of Abercrombie. Third. A post of four companies of infantry and

