
II. The chief quartermaster will temporarily assign such wagoner of the supply train as will not be needed to carry provisions on the march to the three divisions for the purpose of transporting the lumber of the camps.

III. The length of the day's march will be regulated by the commander of the leading division.

IV. The command will encamp in the order of march and will keep the same order on the second day's march.

V. The commanders of the Cavalry Division and of the Twenty-fifth negro regiment will receive special instructions from the commanding general.

VI. The commander of the One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Regiment will report with his regiment to his division commander at the end of the first day's march.

VII. Commanding officers will give their personal attention to preventing the burning of the camp lumber.

VIII. Fifty men, under the charge of two competent officers, with such tools as are available will be detailed in each infantry division to make the roads and bridges passible for wagons.

IX. The leading division will march at 9 a. m.

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., January 5, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

No change since last dispatch. I had cavalry on the Amite yes- terday.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE.

BATTON ROUGE, LA., January 5, 1864.

Colonel L. A. SHELDON,

Commanding Forces at Plaguemine, La.:

The general commanding directs two regiment from Plaquemine your own one other to be retained) be order to report in New Orleans to Brigadier-General Stone, chief of staff, headquarters Department of the Gulf, as early as practicable. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DURGIN, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT HUDSON, LA., January 5, 1864-9.40 a. m.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Another detachment of the Illinois cavalry arrived this morning. The foraging party up the river brought in about 6,000 bushels of corn. We greatly need hay for the horses here.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

