
PORT HUDSON, LA., February 8, 1864-10 p. m.

(Received 11.30 p. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Steamer Julia, from Memphis, just passed down river. Dick Taylor, with 3,000 men, is reported to have attacked our forces opposite Natchez, but was repulsed and driven 6 miles to Lake Vidal. A force of 1,500 men from Vicksburg were sent up the Yazoo River; were repulsed, and obliged to return. Sherman has gone to Jackson, Miss., and heavy firing had been heard in that direction. Newspapers report that Johnston had evacuated Dalton, and was supposed to be on his way to join Longstreet; also that Hardee had re-enforced Mobile; that an attack had been made on that place. Rumors of trouble with France. Wirt Adams made a small capture near Natchez, January 23.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PORT HUDSON, LA., February 8, 1864-10.40 p. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE:

Steamer Nebraska, from Cairo, just passed down river. Rebels made another attack upon our forces opposite Natchez this morning, and were again repulsed. No other news.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PASS CAVALLO, February 8, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

Commanding Forces, Matagorda Bay:

SIR: Will you please report to me if the positions at the principal points occupied by your forces can be held against any attack by the forces at present occupying them, or by a smaller force. If more troops or vessels of war should seem to you to be required, you will please report the amount and nature of such re-enforcements necessary.

You will report if the withdrawal of the forces from Indianola would, in your opinion, operate to our disadvantage, or require expense of time and troops to repossess it. Please state also if the occupation of Decrow's Point, by threatening the enemy now on the Caney and Brazos in force, does or does not, in your opinion, operate to our advantage in detaining that force there.

Please add in your report such remarks in regard to the force of cavalry required to make use of the advantages of the positions, held or required, as scouts, raiders, and for outpost duty at the important points now held.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Vols., Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.

