
tion they have attained in the confidence of the people, and that it affords him great pleasure to commend the inhabitants of the country to their care, remembering always that, though temporarily estranged, yet are they our brethren.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General HOLLAND,

Commanding in the Field, near Berryville, Ark.:

GENERAL: If it is possible for you to spare the detachment of the Eleventh that is with you you will order them to report here at once. It is important that they should be able to start this week for Batesville. I have sent six squadrons of the enrolled militia to Rolling Prairie, and they will support you, and I will send more troops into the vicinity soon. If these troops start from Berryville, let them come the most direct route to Springfield. Captain Turner has returned from Batesville; was successful everywhere.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,

February 8, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Smith, Ark.:

Be on the lookout. Quantrill and his gang are in the hills of the Sni, and from information design making a raid as far as Osawatomie, and then turn south to meet Coffee, and again return west of the settlements to Kansas.

T. I. McKENNY,

Major and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS ON THE BORDER,Trading Post, Linn County, Kans., February 8, 1864.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this station on last night. I also received your dispatch of the 6th instant, at 2 a. m. this day, with dispatches for Major-General Curtis and commanding officer at Fort Scott, and forwarded them immediately. My command, at the time of the establishment of the Department of Kansas, comprised the counties of Bates and the north part of Vernon, Mo., and Miami and Linn Counties, and the station at Aubrey, Kans. The troops under my command are Companies C and M, Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, at this place; Company H, Ninth Kansas

18 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT II

