
Volunteer Cavalry, at Barnesville, Linn County; Company F, Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, at Coldwater Grove, Miami County; Company D, Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Aubrey, Johnson County, Kans., and Company C, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, at Paola.

During my absence at Leavenworth, Company A, Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry (formerly at this place), was ordered by General Ewing to Pleasant Hill, Mo. From the two companies here I have maintained a station at Potosi, 8 miles south of this place, of 25 men, and one at Rockville, 15 miles north, of 25 men, leaving but 88 men at this station. We have about 25,000 rations and two or three loads of quartermaster's stores. I do not regard the number of troops here as sufficient. I have no information later than contained in your dispatches.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. LYNDE,

Colonel Ninth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, February 8, 1864.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

COLONEL: Yours of the 6th instant is this moment received. There is as yet no enemy within reaching distance of my line of border.

I have a line of outposts consisting of four companies, one at each station, commencing 22 miles northeast of place and extending south to a point 12 miles southeast, the intersecting line running about 12 miles due east from here. They are very active and vigilant and know every cowpath within 20 miles of their respective stations. They will duly notify me of the approach of any enemy in this quarter.

They are now much reduced temporarily, as I have taken 40 men from each company to form a reliable escort for the general. They are, however, instructed to double their activity and will not fail to do so. Three companies of cavalry and one section of artillery are stationed at this post, but 60 men of the best armed and mounted of these are also with the general, leaving me but 150 men present for duty.

I have, however, stragglers and convalescents that, in case of emergency, would greatly increase the number, and in three hours I could arm 300 militia, nearly all of whom have seen some service. My command is in good fighting condition, and I endeavor always to keep it so. I think no danger need be apprehended in this direction, but, at the same time, shall use every precaution not only to prevent surprise but to reach the enemy should he come within striking distance. Your dispatch to the general will start in five minutes.

Assuring you that no pains shall be spared on my part to keep my command in proper condition, I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Post.

