
[INCLOSURE.]

DALLAS BOLLINGER COUNTY, MO.,

December 31, 1863.

General CLINTON B. FISK, Commanding Dist. of Saint Louis, Mo.:

We, the citizens of the vicinity of Dallas, hereby beg leave to communicate for your consideration the condition od things in our county. We have been harassed bad plundered and our best citizens murdered by roving bands of guerrillas that infest the swamps south of us. On the night of the 27th instant 12 guerrillas made a raid here at 1 o'clock and killed James A. Stevens, our county treasurer; also William Crites, a very worthy young man of our community. They took $30 from young Crites' pocket after he was shot down. They also wounded our sheriff, James M. Fraser, with out halting him in due time. They went to John Lutes' and forced $25 from him, besides taking many things out of the house. They shot at James A. Crites, a justice of the peace, six times, without halting him. They pressed Mr. Eaker as guide and took 2 horses from him. They took bed-quilts, money, &amp;c., from Mr. Stevens . They were led by the two Bolin boys. Some 4 or 5 citizens fired upon them and shot one of the Bolin's through the shoulder. One of them had his thigh broken in the skirmish, so he is here yet. He is a paroled Vicksburg prisoners; his name is Thomas Roberts. This is but series of such raids committed amongst us.

We do hereby leg leave respectfully to petition you to grant us a company for this county, to be stationed at this place. Another reason that we urge is that our sheriff cannot collect the revenue without troops, either with him or in easy range, to keep things in proper subjection. If it would not be asking too much, we would suggest that Company K, Third Missouri State Militia, or Company E, Sixth Missouri Volunteers Cavalry, be sent to this field.

We are, general, very respectfully, your humble prisoners,

J. M. FRASER,

Sheriff.

THOS. CRAIG,

A. H. MOUREY,

[and 48 other citizens.]

KANSAS CITY, MO., January 5, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE, Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Company F, Second Colorado, and 30 stragglers here and, and will start to-morrow via Dresden. Shall they take the cars there? Company K, Second, and F and G, Third Colorado, under Major Pritchard, at Fort Riley on 27th, all en route for this place. The weather brief delay in the movements of these companies until it moderates, would, I thins, be advisable.

THOS. EWING. JR.,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LARAMIE, January 5, 1864.

Colonel CHIVINGTON:

Can only make inspection of troops here. No communication with detachments at Sweet Water, except by telegraph, for five

