
am permitted at any time to assume the offensive I desire authority to control the force on the Rio Grande, and also as much cavalry up to 2,000 as can be spared me, all the absentees from this command who are now fit for duty and within the department, as well as recruits who are on the way, and 200 wagons. Then our enemies could be captured or whipped out of the State, and our friends would take care of the rest.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 9, 1864.

(Received 10.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

We learn from captured dispatches that the rebels have succeeded in arming their conscripts and paroled prisoners, right under the nose of the gun-boat fleet. I know of 3,600 Enfield rifles having been brought across the Mississippi lately.

Very respectfully,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA,Rolla, Mo., February 9, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I deem it my duty to inform you that guerrillas and bushwhackers are getting very troublesome in this district, in the last few days. I hereby advise you of some of their doings. One man by the name of Robert Wade, a good, inoffensive Union man, living 25 miles west of here, on Spring Creek, was attacked by a band of 7 rebels, and received two mortal wounds near his own house. On receipt of this intelligence I sent a scout with an ambulance and had him brought to this place. The man was buried to-day. The scout was not successful in capturing any of the scamps. On the 4th instant 1 private, on duty as provost guard, on his way from here to Little Piney to serve a subpoena, was captured by a party of 4 men, about 7 miles from here. They relieved him of his horse and equipments, arms, and a portion of his clothing, and released him, and allowed him to return. On the 6th instant an extra stage coach from Springfield was stopped and robbed of the mail 1 mile west of Little Piney. They stripped a soldier, who was on the stage, of his clothing and money, and allowed them all to proceed on their way. A party of laborers, employed by the quartermaster, were attacked, dispersed, and robbed of their provisions while at work about 8 miles southwest of here.

I have just been informed of an attack made upon a party of Union men on their way to this place with their teams; one of them was killed and one mortally wounded. I dispatched a scouting party after them immediately, and will send another after them tonight in a different direction. I hope they will be successful in killing some of the gang before they return. This last gang numbered about 10 men and were dressed in Federal uniform. This same gang attacked and plundered another party of road repairers. You will

