
wounded, and the rebels lost 7. The enemy, under Cooper, is in force beyond the Canadian, fortified at Boggy Bayou. I will be at Fort Smith on the 10th.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., February 9, 1864.

Colonel CHIPMAN,

Chief of Staff, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

General Rosecrans is still absent. I cannot authorize you to give orders direct to troops in this department, but make your wants known by telegraph, and rest assured orders will issue causing all our disposable force to co-operate with yours to the best advantage.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., February 9, 1864.

(Received 6.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

Part of Thirtieth Wisconsin on upper Missouri; part guarding Sioux prisoners at Davenport. Regiment cannot be spared from this department. Reasons by mail. Not a man has been kept in this department who could possibly by spared.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 9, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of yesterday concerning Thirtieth Wisconsin Regiment has been received and partly answered by telegraph. I have the honor, in addition, to submit the following statement: Two companies of this regiment garrison Fort Randall, on the upper Missouri, being the only infantry force in that region. One company has charge of the 300 Sioux warriors confined at Davenport, leaving seven companies, the only troops I have, not far on the Indian frontier. Under instructions to furnish military aid to the provost-marshals in executing the draft, and in guarding deserters and prisoners, drafted men, &amp;c., these companies have been incessantly employed. In many sections of the State it has not been practicable to make the enrollment or draft, or to arrest drafted men who failed to report, without the use of troops.

Particularly in this city there would certainly have been a riot, and there has been great alarm for fear of it even with the force here. It has only been within a week or two that the various detachments of these companies could be relieved from duty at different points in the State, in accordance with requisitions of the provost-marshal-general of this State. In the spring it is my purpose to

