
send at least three of these companies of General Sully, on the upper Missouri. I stated to you, in submitting a plan of operations against the Indians in the spring, precisely what force there was in this department. You can judge whether the force I intend to retain to do all the military duty in the department, viz, two infantry and two cavalry regiments, is more than enough for the purpose. It is not, I think, necessary for me to inform you that I have not retained a man here who could possibly have been spared to send south. Certainly no man is more anxious than myself to do whatever can be done toward re-enforcing our armies in front of the enemy. I cannot, however, spare this regiment from the department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE CHIEF ENGINEER, DEPT. OF THE GULF,

New Orleans, La., February 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Colonel Holabird will burnish the boats for the Bayou Sorrel work. Will you please order a detail of 100 Western men, with full complement of officers and non-commissioned officers? The ranking officer to be a first lieutenant, so as to be ranked by Lieutenant Swift, Thirty-eighth Massachusetts, who will be in command of the expedition. The expedition must start from Brashear City, and one of the gun-boats from that point should be sent as an escort. From the information that I have received, I think that in two weeks after the expedition starts from Brashear steamers can be passed through from the Mississippi to Grand Lake.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. HOUSTON,

Major and Chief Engineer, Dept. of the Gulf.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., February 10, 1864.

Respectfully, referred to Major-General Reyonlds, commanding Defenses of New Orleans.

Can these men be furnished from the Ninety seventh Illinois for this important service?

By command:

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS,February 12, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

The men may, by considerable exertion, be had from the Ninety-seventh Illinois Regiment. From the character of the officer who is to have charge of the expedition, I hesitate to put men under his command in so important an undertaking. I am not acquainted with Lieutenant Swift, but have report that he is not reliable. Respectfully suggested that his character be inquired into.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

