
FRANKLIN, LA., February 10, 1864-5 p. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I have received your dispatch about cavalry. My recommendation for more cavalry was made because I thought more was needed here. I still think so, and reiterate my recommendation. The remount that you are sending here goes to mounted infantry, of no account for the duty here required. One hundred and fifty cavalry of this command are on picket every day. Of course horses cannot keep up under this, there being only 500 for duty, miserably fed. With 2,000 cavalry sent here shortly after I came back, we might have caught the Second Louisiana (rebel) Cavalry; but, as I have before stated, unless more forage is sent here than has hitherto come the animals will soon all die, and there is no use in sending more animals here to starve. This recommendation for more cavalry and a gun-boat was not made because I think there is any danger of an attack here. I do not so think, but made the recommendation upon what I considered sound principles.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., February 10, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: Captain Craigue reports that the rebels who captured his post at New River Landing were commanded by Captain Henry Doyle (or Doyal), the owner of the plantation, who has broken a parole. His perfect knowledge of the grounds enabled him to get around the pickets, and that the object was to get the stores at Lewis' store. The escape of some of the cavalry and the nearness of a company of the Forty-second Ohio, who are enforcing work on levee 2 miles above, prevented their getting more than a cart-load. He reports that the prisoners were stripped and abused. (I learn the same treatment of the prisoners taken with Lieutenant Earl by Wirt Adams.) Captain Craigue has always informed me that New River Landing is a noted smuggling place, and its being but 16 miles of Seviques Ferry, on the Amite, raids are to be expected, and this is the third which has been made.

The place is in Ascension, a trade district, but I strongly recommend that Lewis &amp; Deckory's permit be recalled and no store allowed on this side above Donaldsonville. Captain Craigue informs me he can in a few hours arrest 25 or 30 Vicksburg prisoners, and also some captured by Colonel Grierson, paroled at the same time. These people may or may not return to the army, being declared exchanged by rebel authorities. Should they be captured? Can a rebel officer of rank be promised not to be sent North from New Orleans if he is captured? In consequence of your telegram of yesterday I sent Major Allen, acting assistant inspector-general, to Plaquemine. I have heard that there was a store in Grossetete where goods were as cheap as here, and Colonel Boardman captured and destroyed a train of eight loaded wagons at Rosedale.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

