
present. Scott is said to be at Norwood's, 13 miles above Jackson. If the rebels were between here and Baton Rouge why is our line uncut? I suspect that the principal business of such rebel cavalry as there may be in Louisiana and Mississippi, east of the river, is hunting up conscripts and deserters.

I know of no force in this vicinity on this side of the Mississippi except Scott's. The enemy is said to have a force at Waterloo, on west bank.

G. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Plaquemine, La., February 10, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: Inclosed herewith I send you the application* of Mr. Darman for damages, referred to me for investigation and report. I have made as thorough an investigation as it is possible to make, and I believe the report embraces the exact facts. I have been to Indian Village and made a formal examination with reference to making a fort there. One can be built which would effectually check, if not altogether prevent, the crossing of a force at that point. At present it would be of no service, as the high water will in a few days make it impossible for a force to come below Rosedale, west of the Grossetete.

Immediately at the village the levees would have to be raised a good deal in case a fort is built, to keep the country from being flooded. High water is apprehended there in consequence of the break in Grand Levee, although it will not affect us here. Fortifications there would only serve to give time to prepare for an attack here, unless so extensive and sustained by force as to make the struggle there instead of at this. A much better defense can be made here than there. A force there would be liable to be surrounded by the enemy crossing Bayou Plaquemine or going below the village and crossing.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding.

DONALDSONVILLE, LA., February 10, 1864-9 a. m.

(Received 9.30 a. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

All quiet here this morning. I expected a raid from the enemy on the telegraph station opposite here last night, and made every preparation for them.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

