
the organization of cavalry, such as horse equipments, clothing, guidons, trumpets, &amp;c. It will be recollected that we are here more than three months without anything being done in the way of adequate supplies to outfit a cavalry force.

Respectfully,

EDMUND J. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

[Inclosure.]

List of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and quartermaster's stores required to outfit 2,500 men composing a cavalry brigade.

1. Two thousand five hundred suits of clothing, complete.

2. The necessary camp and garrison equipage.

3. The requisite amount of stationery for one quarter's supply.

4. Portable forges and all the accompanying blacksmith tools.

5. Ten thousand horseshoes.

6. Two thousand muleshoes.

7. A proper proportion of steel, iron, nails, &c., for shoeing and repairing of wagons, &c.

8. Eighteen sets of saddler tools.

9. The requisite amount of leather, thread, rings, tacks, &c., for repair of saddles, bridles, harness, &c.

10. Forty wagons, and the accompanying amount of harness, covers, buckets, &c.

11. One hundred and eighty mules; lariat rope, wagon grease, harness oil, &c., in proportion.

12. Two thousand five hundred full sets of horse equipments, including everything necessary for the complete equipments of cavalry, such as saddle blankets, spurs and spur straps, horse brushes, curry-combs, &c.

ON THE MARCH, February 10, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Commanding Batesville, Ark.:

DEAR SIR: The 4 prisoners I send by Lieutenant Wasson were captured by me on yesterday, and I intended to send them by Lieutenant Evans, but they were at a different place and he did not get them, and I send them under a flag of truce by Lieutenant Wasson. Their names are as follows: John B. Stillwell, Company L, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry; Alexander Gray, sergeant Company F, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry; John Beasley, Company L, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry; Joseph Wyatt, Company F, Eleventh Missouri Cavalry. I wish to exchange these for Jesse Riggs and Frank Crisswell (supposed to have been captured yesterday), Joseph Orr and William Hill.

I have always treated your soldiers kindly when taken. And I understand from Captain Wolf that Captain Monks' company, during last week, captured 2 soldiers belonging to Captain Wolf's company, while at home on leave of absence, and killed them after they surrendered. I desire you to inform me in writing, by Lieutenant Wasson, whether you hold yourself responsible for the acts of Cap-

19 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT II

