
tain Monks. If you do not, I will know what to do with Captain Monks' men; and if you do, I shall be compelled to retaliate upon any of your soldiers when they are captured. If my soldiers are captured and killed, you will know that their comrades will retaliate.

I also learn that your men shot Captain Franks after he surrendered, when my train was taken on Sylamore. He was not killed, but shot badly in several places. Please inform me if such conduct is tolerated by you. If so, we shall be compelled to retaliate, a thing which I am very unwilling to commence. Captain Franks is not a captain now, but only a private, but was formerly a captain in the C. S. Army; but he is a gentleman and an excellent man, and my men must not be treated badly when taken. If the men we demand are not with you, Lieutenant Wasson will make arrangements for the exchange of any others you may have. Any other matters [arrangements] which Lieutenant Wasson may make in regard to the exchange will be approved by me.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. R. FREEMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

P. S.-I have paroled the prisoners sent with Lieutenant Wasson until they are legally exchanged for.

T. R. FREEMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

P. S.-I learn, since the above was written, that some of my soldiers were in charge of one of your wounded men. I shall parole him for protection against thieves and robbers, and send or let him go to you.

T. R. FREEMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, February 10, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Colonel Chipman has gone to Olathe. I do not think there will be any necessity for troops crossing the line. The guerrillas are about 200 strong, and at last accounts were still going west.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major.

KANSAS CITY, MO., February 10, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dist. of Central Missouri:

SIR: I need immediately 300 horses to mount the recruits for my regiment that are now here; can they be furnished from Saint Louis? General Ewing will turn over the command as soon as I can relieve the Kansas troops. Will you telegraph me as soon as you ascertain at what time I can have the horses?

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cavalry.

