
supply, together with other quartermaster's stores. One thousand sets of cavalry saddles, bridles, and equipments are badly needed, no attention having been paid to the requisitions for them, and the force now under Colonel Davis being mounted on citizen saddles. I have also directed the quartermaster to make requisition for two condensers, one for Point Isabel and the other for Brazos Island, and for four whale-boats for service in the bay and at the mouth of the river.

I inclose as portion of this report a statement of the chief quartermaster, showing amount of funds received and expended, with estimate for the coming month, and statement of vouchers outstanding. No funds were turned over by Colonel Holabird to him; of the $11,000 received, the most has been expended. The vouchers now outstanding are for small amounts, in the hands of citizens, for transporting supplies from Point Isabel, $25,000 of them having been issued by the predecessor of Captain Routt. I should be glad to see them taken up soon, for our own credit and that one currency might be established. There were turned over to me by Major-General Dana 88 bales and 25 sacks of cotton belonging to the Government. This cotton is of a very inferior quality, the persons who purchased before having been permitted to select from the lot, and leaving, of course, the worst. Claims are already before me for about 20 bales of this amount, by as yet I have not had time to examine them. At the best figures that could be obtained, this lot of cotton would not bring over $9,000 in coin. I will by the next steamer send you a further report in regard to the matters not mentioned in this, and which it would be well for you to have full explanation of. You will please excuse the manner in which these items have been thrown together, the report having been prepared at short notice and in great haste.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

P. S.-I should add that two regiments, the Twentieth and Thirty-fourth Iowa Infantry, and one battery were detached from my division and sent to Matagorda before my arrival here.

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,

February 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE, A. A. G., Saint Louis, Mo.:

Colonel Chipman has gone to Olathe. I do not think there will be any necessity for troops crossing the line. The guerrillas are about 200 strong, and at last accounts were still going west.

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Judge-Advocate.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 11, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN, Commanding Dist. of Central Missouri:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to introduce to you officially Mr. C. P. B. Jeffreys, who resides at Hick-

