
from this excess in the receipt should be shared by the officer giving the receipt. Captain Ray's name has been mentioned in connection with this last transaction. You will inquire into the matter at your earliest convenience and report the results of your investigation and your recommendation in the case. Confer with Judge Price as to holding the terms of the court through your section of the country. It is considered important and is very desirable that terms of civil court should be held regularly. If they are not to be held, inform me by the bearer and I will at once call a military commission to try all criminal cases in that section of the district. You will read this letter to officers of your command, whenever convenient, with view of defining their duties more clearly and to impress upon them more deeply the importance of the position they hold. Order can only be resorted and maintained by the most speedy punishment being visited upon all who violate the laws or disturb the public peace. When the las is violated by the armed enemies of the country, they will be punished in the most severe and summary manner possible by our troops in the field; when it is violated by our citizens or troops every effort must be made to punish the guilty party most speedily through the medium of civil and military courts.

Waiting your reports at an early day,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Scott, Kans., February 11, 1864-2 p. m.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN,

Chief of Staff, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

COLONEL: Your from Olathe this moment received. Everything is perfectly quiet along the border in this vicinity, and no indication of an enemy in any direction. I have sent word to Humboldt of the reported raid, and things are in readiness at that point should the enemy come near. If he has gone to Topeka he would likely sweep south down the Neosho Valley, and, if so, Major Plumb ought to intercept him. From Topeka, if there, he must do this or go clear west onto the plains.

As long as you don't hear from me you may rest satisfied that all is quiet, for as soon as I hear of an enemy I shall send dispatches to you and advise you what I am doing. I think my command is in a good state of vigilance and activity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

FORT SMITH, February 11, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

First Regiment Indian Brigade:

DEAR COLONEL: Yours of the 8th instant is just received. I had hoped to meet you here after failing at Fort Gibson, but from your writing, and appreciating your position, I suppose I will return to department headquarters without a personal interview, which I

