HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, February 11, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I transmit herewith a report* of Major-General Pope of Indian affairs in his department. The change of policy here recommenced is well worth the attention of those charged with the management of the Indians in the Northwest.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., February 11, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: Your dispatch informing me that the Second Regiment Minnesota Cavalry has been ordered South from Washington has just reached me. General Halleck writers that troops are dreadfully needed at the lower Mississippi, and they must therefore go at almost any hazard. The mounted regiment ordered from Minnesota could not possibly take the field before the meddle of May, more than three months from this date, during which time it might perform incalculable service South; before it would be needed in Minnesota its place could be supplied. I think you entirely over in Minnesota. If there by the danger you seem to apprehend, surely it may fairly be said that your campaign of last summer accomplished very little. I do not (as your letter seems to do) underestimate the effect of the operations of last summer.

From your own account the nearest hostile Indians are now on the upper Missouri, 300 miles distant from Pembina and 600 miles distant from any other settlement in Minnesota. In addition to this, the most prominent Yanktonnais chiefs have sent messages to General Sully asking for peace. I need not go further with this matter at present, as I shall expect to see you and General Sully here together as soon as I hear from Washington, when the whole subject can be gone over. Mean time, I trust you will endeavor to allay the apprehensions of the people in Minnesota, which your letter and plans of operations are so likely (if known) to excite.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., February 11, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: On the 25th ultimo I had the honor to place before you at length my views of the military operations which would be required for the protection of the frontier of Minnesota and Iowa

---------------

*See p. 259.

---------------

