
and of Dakota Territory, and I took occasion to state very emphatically my conviction that the programme marked out by you could not be successfully carried out with less than the full force now in this district. I telegraphed you yesterday that an order had been received by Major Nelson, superintendent of recruiting, from the General-in-Chief, directing the Second Regiment Minnesota Cavalry to be dispatched without delay to General Banks at New Orleans. That regiment was raised to replace the First Minnesota Mounted Rangers, lately mustered out of the service, the latter regiment having been authorized expressly for frontier defense.

I am thus left with Hatch's battalion of cavalry, alone of that force in the district, and I have already recommended that it remain where it is now stationed, for I regard a force near the British line as indispensable. I beg leave respectfully to state that while I shall cheerfully obey all orders from my superiors, it is my duty to report the expression of my conviction that if the Second Minnesota Cavalry is detached as ordered there will not be left in the district a force sufficient effectively to protect the frontier against the powerful bands of savages who inhabit the prairies within 200 or 300 miles of our own settlements, and who will promptly be informed, through the British half-breeds, of the very serious diminution of the military strength in this district.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., February 11, 1864.

S. MILLER,

Governor of Minnesota:

SIR: I have the honor to reply to your communication of this day, which, with the inclosed letter* of Mr. Clendenning, requests such protection as can be afforded by the military authorities to the settlers in Jackson County, that it is impossible now to state how far it can be furnished, nor can the requisite information be communicated until the force to be retained in this district shall be definitely fixed. It is my purpose, however, should I remain in command of this district, so to dispose of the troops that may remain as most effectually to guard all parts of the line of frontier which are exposed to the raids of the hostile savages.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., February 12, 1864.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT,

Washington, D. C.:

The interests of the service here, as well as the national cause, makes it expedient that an able officer not identified with local

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

