
parties should be provost-marshal of the department. I therefore ask that Colonel, J. P. Sanderson, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry, now on recruiting service at Newport, Ky., be ordered to report to me. An assistant will be taken from the State.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, February 12, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Captain Robert T. Dunham, of my staff, returned this evening from a visit to General Steele at Little Rock, Ark., to whom he had been sent to communicate upon the subject of the movement upon Red River. General Steele states, in his dispatch sent by Captain Dunham, that he will be able to co-operate with the forces of this department by the way of Pine Bluff and Monroe at the time we are ready to move. This route is said to be practicable earlier than that by Camden or Arkadelphia, though he states that there are serious objections to it. He will be able to advance with 10,000 well-appointed troops, leaving a force to hold the line of the arkansas. I hope to be able to keep in constant communication with General Steele, so as to be able to effect a junction with him as early as the navigation of the river will permit, and also with General Sherman.

Captain Dunham bears a dispatch from Brigadier-General Tuttle, commanding Vicksburg, dated the 8th of February, in which it is stated that General Sherman had encountered the enemy ont eh 4th or 5th instant and driven them through Jackson, occupying that place on the 6th. It is understood that he has since occupied Meridian. General Sherman's dispatches to me represent that he will be able to co-operate in our movement by the 1st of March. NO advices have been received from Admiral Porter since my last dispatch. I shall be ready to move by the 1st of March. A staff officer sent up the river to obtain such river transportation as shall be necessary for our movement reports that he has succeeded in obtaining all that is required. My troops are in good health and spirits, and a sufficient re-enforcement has arrived to compensate for the furloughs given to veteran volunteers. I am confident of a successful result of the expedition.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 70. Washington, February 12, 1864.

* * * * * *

10. Brigadier General B. S. Roberts, U. S. Volunteers, and staff will report in person, without delay, to Major-General Banks, commanding Department of the Gulf, for assignment to duty.

* * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

20 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

