
preparation or retreat, you must consider your small, badly mounted cavalry a nucleus upon which to build all hopes of success against them. I cannot give orders which will fatten the horses, pay or clothe the men, but I will send the general commanding a copy of Colonel Davis' report, so that if possible he may correct some of the evils-supply some of the necessities reported.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Vols., Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.

WASHINGTON, February 12, 1864-10.25 a. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

All troops in the State of Arkansas outside of Fort Smith are under your orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., February 12, 1864.

Colonel T. R. FREEMAN,

Commanding C. S. Forces near Spring River, Ark.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of Captain Rouch and 22 enlisted men of Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, prisoners of war, conveyed and delivered to me this day under flag of truce, in charge of First Lieutenant W. G. Wasson, Company D,, of your regiment. I have to inform you that a steamer arriving at this point lately, I sent off all the Confederate prisoners on hand at this station on board of her to Little Rock, and among them a number of your men (all I had); but have arranged with Lieutenant Wasson, whom you have authorized to act for you, so that in the event of my not capturing a sufficient number of your command before the departure of the next mail, I shall send of all those names by you belonging to your command, trusting I may not have this to do, but that my scouting parties now out may make us square in a few days.

In answer to your remarks about the conduct of Monks' men and the killing of Captain Frank, I would state that I scorn to murder a prisoner, and my command have the same spirit. I have no doubt you have been imposed upon by some parties desirous of manufacturing yarns out of whole cloth. Captain Frank was mortally wounded after a hard chase and considerable firing at him and others, and was not dead when left near the road, but he was given up as past hope. I do not believe a word about the reports of Monks' men doing any act of the kind ascribed to them. I have told him and his command that I would hang any one of them who vented any vindictive feelings on any captured soldier or maltreated them. Ask your men sent to you by Captain Wolf how they were treated, and they can state whether anything beyond strict enforcement of prison rules was irksome to them. If your men will shed U. S. uniforms there is no further danger of their being hurt than that which every brave man runs when facing the glorious music of war.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

