
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, February 12, 1864.

I. By direction of the Secretary of War, in a circular letter from War Department, Assistant Adjutant-General's Office, dated November 30, 1863-

All house of worship belonging to the Methodist Episcopal Church South in which a loyal minister, appointed by a loyal bishop of sad church, does not now officiate, are placed at the disposal of the Right Rev. Bishop Ames.

II. Commanding officers of troops in this department are accordingly directed to report houses of worship of this description within the limits of their command, giving names, locations, and facts, throughout their proper superiors, to these headquarters.

III. They will furnish Bishop Ames every facility and assistance compatible with the interests of the service in placing loyal ministers in possession of these houses, and in restoring and protecting worship therein.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROLLA, MO., February 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel N. COLE,

Chief of Artillery, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I will leave here with my battalion to-morrow evening, the 13th, and probably be in Saint Louis the morning of the 14th.

JOHN W. RABB,

Major Second Missouri Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., February 12, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipts of your letter of the 11th instant, by the hands of Mr. Jeffreys, and will see the instructions of the major-general commanding promptly executed.

I have already intimated to Colonel J. H. Ford, Second Colorado (who will be in command of the Fourth Sub-District as soon as his regiment arrives in it, and which leaves Dresden to-morrow morning for the purpose of protecting the border), that Hickman Mills would be a point at which troops should be stationed. The commanding general will please recollect that I have not assumed the command of the counties of Jackson, Cass, and Bates, nor can I do so until advised by Colonel Ford that the Kansas troops have all been relieved by those of his regiment.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

