HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., February 12, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I shall move my headquarters to Warrensburg, Mo., on the 16th instant, and from there toward Kansas City, as soon thereafter as I find my presence necessary in the border counties.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 12, 1864.

Major O. P. NEWBERRY,

Provost-Marshall:

Complaints are becoming quite frequent of widows, orphans, and citizens that refugees, &amp;c., are crowding into their houses, reporting that it is done by order or permission. My impression is, although my mind is not fully made up on the point, that you will be compelled to adopt the rule to take no steps to put any one out of possession of any property they are occupying, or to put any one in possession of any property unless it is vacant property. I am quite clear that this course should be adopted in all cases except where property is liable to confiscations under the acts of Congress, in which case a description of the property should be made and sent to the provost-marshal-general, to be furnished the U. S. district attorneys, that proceedings against the same may be commenced, and upon this being done the property may be sequestrated by the district provost-marshal, pending the proceedings for confiscation. I am not certain that there is any such property in this section of the district, but there may be. In all other cases parties in possession of property should and must remain undisturbed, except when the property becomes necessary for the military service. Abandoned property in the country may be occupied by refugees at discretion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 12, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BISHOP,

Commanding at Fayetteville, Ark.:

I have received nothing here in regard to any change of command. The only order received is the one from Washington creating Arkansas a department. I suppose everything will go on as it has until some further order is issued. If one does not come in a day or two, I will telegraph for instructions and inform you of the answer. I regret that you are to leave the command.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

