HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., February 12, 1864.

Captain GLADE,

Commanding Detach. of Eighth Mo. State Mil., Ozark, Mo.:

Judge Waddle will pass through Ozark about noon to-morrow, at which time you will be ready to move in obedience to the inclosed order.* While Judge Waddle is holding the courts you will keep the greater portion of your men scouting the country toward the White River to procure forage and patrol the country, instructing the officer in charge to scout in such a manner as to cover the place of holding the court from any approaching enemy. There will be a sufficient guard kept at the place where the court is in session. In case a force of the enemy too lard for you to defeat approaches you will immediately report learning of their approach; inform the general commanding the district, and you will be re-enforced. If you have not twenty days' rations, send requisitions to these headquarters and the rations will be sent out to you to-morrow morning. Supply your men well with ammunition.

Yours, very respectfully,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP JOHNSON, February 12, 1864.

[General SANBORN:]

GENERAL: A number of bushwhackers attacked the stage escort this morning and a sharp fight ensued, the particulars of which I have not learned, more than I have 3 men wounded in camp and 1 man missing. His whereabouts is not known as yet. The commander of the escort is one of the wounded. The number of the bushwhackers is variously stated at from 25 to 35 men. As to what has become of the stage and horses I have not learned. There are some 55 men after them now, but whether they will be able to overtake them or not I cannot tell, but suffice it to say, if the lieutenant does come up with them and they stand to fight, there will be more than 3 wounded men to take care of. So no more until I get the particulars of the fight.

JOHN T. WILSON,

Captain Company D, Eighth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., February 12, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Smith:

Returned via Lawrence. Quiet on border. Excitement allayed. Our troops vigilant; bushwhackers put on defensive. Bring 2 clerks from Eighteenth Iowa. Hope you will strength your escort. Guerrillas harassed any may swing around south of Fort Scott.

N. P. CHIPMAN,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

