
[FEBRUARY 13, 1864.-For General Orders, Numbers 24, headquarters Department of the Gulf, prescribing qualifications of voters, &amp;c., See Series III.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE BORDER,Kansas City, Mo., February 12, 1864.

Colonel N. P. CHIPMAN,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of Kans., Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report for your information that Captain Coleman, Ninth Kansas Cavalry, who has been scouting with a command of 300 cavalry through the country on the Big Snibar, has returned, and reports that he saw in all about 100 guerrillas, in parties of from 10 to 40, but that they were so much on the alert that he was unable to get near them. He reports that he captured 2 horses and wounded 1 guerrilla, and that he found numerous camps that had just been left. He thinks that he has driven them all over into La Fayette County. He will keep up a strict vigilance over that country, which is the favorite haunt of the guerrillas. The Kansas troops in the district will probably be relieved and ordered to Kansas to-morrow or next day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HADLEY,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., February 12, 1864.

Major E. A. C. HATCH,

Commanding, Pembina:

MAJOR: Your dispatches of the 23rd and 29th ultimo have been duly received at these headquarters. While it is gratifying to learn that more of the hostile Indians surrendered themselves to you, General Sibley fears that the increasing number of women and children will draw seriously on your subsistence stores. You will, of course, only ordered the issue of such articles as are absolutely necessary. Father Andre's communication to you, inclosed on 29th ultimo, does not seem to indicate any particular change in the aspect of affairs so far as the upper bans are concerned. No doubt many of the Indians would gladly make their submission to escape further punishment, but the "Soldiers' Lodge" will determine the policy which will govern their future movements. It is the intention of the Government to establish two new posts at advanced positions in the Indian country, but the particular points are not yet definitely fixed upon. When established, these posts will be strongly garrisoned by both infantry and cavalry.

There are a few men at Fort Snelling belonging to your battalion who will be ordered to join you as soon as practicable. Captain Barton's company, which was raised as a component part of the Second Regiment Minnesota Cavalry, but could not be admitted, being the thirteenth company, has been attached by order to your battalion, and will receive orders to join you as soon as it is deemed expedient. You have already been instructed to send the male adult Indians who have or may give themselves up to Fort Abercrombie, under a

