HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., February 13, 1864.

Captain N. F. CRAIGUE,

Commanding Highland Stockade:

On the application of the provost-marshal, the general commanding directs that until his arrangements are made you will employ your force, in so far as it is not inconsistent with your other military duties, in enforcing that provision of General Orders, Numbers 23, department headquarters, which provides that negroes, properly employed, shall be required to work a certain portion of the day and week, &amp;c. Trouble in this matter already exists on Mr. Pumiston's place, and is apprehended on others.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DURGIN, JR.,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 39. New Orleans, La., February 13, 1864.

* * * * * *

12. First. The Second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops will be relieved from duty at Ship Island and proceed without delay to Key West, Fla., where it will be reported for duty to Brigadier General D. P. Woodbury. Second. On the arrival of the Second U. S. Colored Troops at Key West, the battalion of Forty-seventh Pennsylvania volunteers stationed at that point will be relieved from duty in the District of Key West and Tortugas, and will proceed without delay to Franklin, La., where it will be reported for duty to Major General W. B. Franklin, commanding Nineteenth Army Corps. Third. On the arrival of the First Battalion, Forty-seventh Pennsylvania, at Franklin, the One hundred and tenth New York Volunteers will proceed to Fort Jefferson, Dry Tortugas, and relieve the battalion of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania now in garrison there. Fourth. On being so relieved, the battalion of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania now stationed at Fort Jefferson will proceed to Franklin, La., and report for duty at the headquarters of the regiment. The quartermaster's department will immediately furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

PIEDRAS NEGRAS, MEX., February 13, 1864.

Major-General DANA,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Texas:

SIR: Your esteemed favor of the 8th instant came to hand a few days ago, and in answer I would say, to prevent me from sending you an express to the counties where you are now operating every mesquite in the State would to be garrisoned with rebel bayonets; and even so, freely would I mount my horse and brave the dan-

