
Pinto, above Fort Clark, that his object was to stampede Carleton's horses when he advanced, in order to impede his progress.

The rebels have ordered all stock removed from Las Moras, Pedro Pinto, and San Felipe to the interior, and if such orders were not complied with the soldiers would drive them off immediately. They also report a Federal advance on the Nueces, amounting to about 1,500 men. I do not credit the latter, as I sent a man from here a few days ago to ascertain the strength of Benavides' command. This man was at Fort Ewell and heard nothing of a Federal advance, notwithstanding I have an idea that Colonel Haynes may be in this direction. I pray God it may be so, and that he moves in this direction immediately. In regard to this place, I had my times set three times for the throwing of it. Under a call from Ford to refugees to return and join guerrilla companies by offers of pardon from Magruder, I sen over to Fort Duncan 50 men from this place, but the Jews and merchants at this place made it evident to the Confederate company at Ford Duncan that this refugee company was, my company was ordered to San Antonio under the pretense to receive their horses and arms, but the first night out they grappled the guard, crossed the river about 15 miles above here, and reported to me. It was then I prayed to have about eighty muskets and ammunition.

In relating to the business of this place, I am happy to say that no cotton has crossed the river in the last twenty days, arising from the rebel cotton having been embargoed by Patricio Milmo, of Monterey, for a debt which the rebels owed him. Magruder subsequently gave orders that no cotton for the present shall pass into Mexico. In retaliation Vidauri has closed the port and will not allow any goods or merchandise to pass into Texas. Judge Devine and Judge McKinney, as commissioners, have passed through here a few days since, en route for Monterey to settle the dispute.

There is at present in Eagle Pass about 5,000 bales of cotton. General, may I request you to order Colonel Haynes, if the is on the Nueces River, to proceed to this place forthwith and bring with him about 300 cavalry, three pieces of light artillery, and arms enough for at least 150 men, which I can raise here immediately. If this is done, we will secure all the property which is at this place; besides, our force will increase in the course of ten days to at least 1,500 men. Grass in getting good. Fort Ewell is from here but two days' march, and King's Ranch from Fort Ewell is on the Nueces about 40 miles above Laredo. A move of this kind would drive from all points on the Rio Grande those Christ-killing Jews, who are sucking the heart's blood out of the Confederates in Texas, &amp;c.

Owing to so many refugees and deserters coming here and bringing their horses with them, the rebel officers at Fort Duncan got into the habit of coming to the authorities at this place and representing the horses as stolen; that said horses belonged to private individuals. The authorities, therefore, on many occasions before I came here, gave to the rebel officers the horses which actually belonged to the refugees, pt them in prison and sent them to Monterey in confinement. A few days ago I draughted and forwarded an article to the authorities at this place, as emanating form a special military agent of the United States, the whole amounting to the respectfully demanding that the civil authorities at this place or any other in Mex-

