
ico have no right to recognize the application for redress of any officer belonging to an armed band of outlaws which have got up in violence against their Government in America, and that such have no right to the benefits of any international law entered into between the United States and Mexico; and for the future all property taken or captured from said band of outlaws by the loyal American citizens or deserters I, in the name of the Unites States, would secure all such property to the importer of it into this country until such time as a true decision could be obtained from the United States and Mexico. This has benefitted the refugees considerably.

Yesterday a gentleman to whom you gave a provisional commission to recruit in Texas arrived from the State at this point. He brought with him 30 men. He reports it very difficult to communicate with the Union men in Texas and that considerable difficulty. I cannot mention his name. He crossed the river about 15 miles below here, and on his arrival here the authorities at this place were very much surprised. These men were all armed and mounted. I was sent for immediately I had the men to turn in all their arms until leaving, and made the authorities aware of the fact that these men were not soldiers, but American citizens, who were compelled by an armed mob of outlaws to leave Texas in force, and that they were now on their way to where the Federal troops are, and that I therefore required a permit for them to carry their arms for self-protection when they would be leaving. The rebel companies ont he other side kept under arms all the time they were here. Benavides arrived with reenforcements the morning the refugees were leaving. I would have induced them to remain here, were it not that I had no way of subsisting them.

I will not under any circumstances leave here until I get revenge of the thieving Jews of this place. On receiving reports from all sides about that General Carleton was coming down the country, about ten days ago, I sent an express from here to meet him at Fort Lancaster. I wrote him a dispatch showing my business here and requesting him to send on two companies of cavalry immediately, at the same time giving him an accurate account of what strength he had to meet; but unfortunately my expressman was waylaid at about 45 miles from here, just on the bank of the river where the San Fernando road crosses it to Fort Hudson. He got shot three times before he could get out his pistol. He was surrounded by 4 Mexicans, who, I presume, were hired for that purpose by Jew cotton speculators at this place. I have got three of them in the stocks. The expressman is a valiant, courageous man, and is still living, although he got shot through the head. I had him brought into this place and had him attended by an American doctor. He lost the dispatch, horse, and pistol. In the course of a few days I will know definitely whether Carleton is coming down the country or not. The Eighth (rebel) Texas Infantry had completely deserted. Of Pyron's regiment, 170 went home; of Woods' regiment, 200 deserted or went over to the Federal lines.

There is a spy on Matagorda Island by the name of Forester, and old man. He has got other associates. They report to the rebels all movements which you make. I cannot use the source I get this information from.

General Green commands the left of Magurder's army, which is on the Sabine River; General Bee the right, which is on Red River.

