
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 7. Jefferson City, Mo., February 14, 1864.

I. The headquarters of the District of Central Missouri will be removed to Warrensburg, Johnson County, on the 16th instant.

II. The following regulations for steamers navigating the Missouri River within this district are published for the information of all concerned:

1. Steam-boats will not be allowed to ply between Jefferson City and Kansas City unless their pilot-houses and engine-rooms are thoroughly protected by bullet-proof works, so that the pilot and engineer will be secure from danger while engaged in navigating the boat in case the same should be attacked by guerrillas.

2. The master of every Missouri River steamer will be required to obtain a certificate from the commanding officers of the posts at Jefferson City, Lexington, and Kansas City, setting forth that they have personally examined and find that the sad boat has been fitted so that the pilots and engineers are secure from danger in case of attack while in the discharge of their duties.

3. The commanding officers of each of these posts named will report to these headquarters and to each other the names of all steam-boats and their masters, to whom certificates have been granted, and also the name of any steam-boat that is known to be engaged in navigating the Missouri River, within the points above mentioned, in violation of this order, after a sufficient time has elapsed in which to comply therewith; upon receipt of which, measures will be taken to arrest the master of said boat, and he shall be tired before a military commission for violation of orders.

The commanding officers at Kansas City, Lexington, and Jefferson City are charged with the execution of this order and will see that it is strictly complied with.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., February 14, 1864.

Colonel J. H. FORD,

Commanding Fourth Sub-District, Kansas City, Mo.:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd advised the general commanding that he would move on the 12th toward the border, and by the 16th he expects that you will be in command of the Fourth Sub-District. He directs me to submit to your consideration the following, that will indicate to you the course he desires to be followed in the management of the border administration:

First. The towns and populous districts will be expected to afford their own protection by being organized into companies and armed. Such additional assistance as is necessary will be rendered them by having small guards at these points.

Second. The troops will be expected to be constantly ont he move, particularly in the hill country about the headquarters of the Blues, Fire Creek, and the Sni and Hickman Mills. Excursions through these districts should be made daily, and a portion of the commands must be dismounted and scour the country on foot, so that they can

