
action, but in a firm, just, and unswerving administration you will find peace restored to your sub-district. A few examples will be sufficient to correct the most important of the evils that exist. In order that a proper tribunal shall be established for the trial of criminals, you will recommend a sufficient number of intelligent officers, not less than four, for the purpose of their being detailed for duty on a military commission.

Seventh. The enlistment of negroes will receive especial attention. The orders on the subject will indicate the policy of the Government, but it will require that in order to have them fully carried into effect the duty should be placed in the hands of an efficient officer, with good men to assist him. The best place for idle, dissolute negroes is in the army, and such exertions as may be necessary to put them there that are not inconsistent with the orders of the War Department will be made. The number of negroes enlisted will be the best evidence of the fitness of the officer for the position of enlisting officer.

The commanding general fully comprehends the decline position you occupy, and the difficulties that surround it; but relying upon your well-known integrity, firmness, and more than all else on your good common sense, he is assured that you will not fail in the successful discharge of the duties of commander on the border, a position so hedged with difficulties as to have proved insurmountable to your predecessors.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

R. J. LEAMING,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, February 14, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Shall the troops of this district stationed in Arkansas be dropped from our returns and from my command? The only order received here is the order of the Secretary of War creating the Department of Arkansas. I am still commanding all the troops, and all are reporting and making their returns to these headquarters.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP KAHI, SOUTH BOGGY, CHICKASAW NATION,

February 14, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

SIR: From the battle-ground on Middle Boggy I marched southward 21 miles to this point. Reports reach me that the enemy were concentring at a camp 20 miles from Fort Washita, and were 3,000 strong. I had sent the infantry and wagons with Colonel Wattles back from Middle Boggy to Little River, taking with me only the serviceable mounted men of the Fourteenth Kansas and First and Third Indiana. In all I had 450 mounted men and one howitzer. Arriving at this point I sent forward two small well-mounted parties

