
of 40 and 50 to the points where the enemy were said to be encamped, with he design of tempting them to pursue, the position I had being a very good one.

I was in hopes of striking one more blow at the enemy, but soon discovered that everything had fallen back in stampede and terror, and that I could only get a fight on Red River where they were conscripting everything. I learned that Colonel Jumper, on reaching the

------

Court-House, after his defeat, had only 20 men with him, and, on ascertaining that there would be no defense at the court-house, fled to Fort Arbuckle with his handful of men. Governor Colbert, of the Chickasaw Nation, on learning of the defeat at Camp Kansas, fled precipitately to Texas, into which there is a general stampeded. I also learn that the rebel loss was heavier than I first reported, including Major Facto and one lieutenant.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, February 14, 1864.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee, Wis.:

Your plan of Indian campaign is approved, subject to such modifications as experiences may suggest.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 15, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 6.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Is General Banks preparing an expedition to go up Red River? Boats seem to be assembling at New Orleans for that purpose. I ask, because in that event it will not be necessary for me to send, as contemplated doing on Sherman's return, to the Red River. General Thomas advances this morning.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

LOUISVILLE, KY., February 15, 1864.

Captain CHARLES PARSONS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The following dispatch is just received from General Grant:

NASHVILLE, TENN., February 15, 1864.

If steam-boats have gone to New Orleans to transport troops up Red River there is no necessity for others to be sent to Vicksburg. One expedition is enough. If General Banks makes it, Sherman will not; if Banks does not, Sherman can get transports sent to Banks. Advise quartermaster at Saint Louis not to send transports to Tuscumbia unless there is a surplus.

These instructions from General Grant will govern you in supplying transportation.

ROBT. ALLEN,

Brigadier-General and Quartermaster.

