
observing our lines of communication, do not deem it necessary. I have represented to him that my fear is, from all that I can learn of the effect of high water in the Mississippi River, we shall have unusually high water this year, and that I am informed that in years, of very high water the result of a large crevasse at Point Coupee, and between Port Hudson and West Baton Rouge, is the overflow, to a considerable depth, of the country from Brashear City to the La Fourche.

By direction of the major-general commanding I communicate my views to you as expressed to him. My fear is that if the levees above are neglected now for ten days more we shall lose communication by rail with Brashear City at the very moment when that communication will be most valuable,an d that at a time when the bar of the Atchfalaya will be in the worst condition for entrance. If anything is to be done about providing against a danger to an important line of communication it must be done promptly.

If such line of communication is endangered by neglect of work which can be done, I desire that the responsibility should rest where it belongs.

Very respectfully, colonel, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 41. New Orleans, February 15, 1864.

* * * * *

III. A reorganization of the Nineteenth Army Corps is hereby announced, to take effect on the 20th instant, as follows:

1. The following-named regiments and batteries will compose the First Division, to be commanded by Brigadier General W. H. Emory, U. S. Volunteers, viz: Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Regiments Maine Volunteers, Thirtieth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Eighth Regiment Vermont Volunteers, Twelfth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, One hundred and fourteenth, One hundred and sixteenth, One hundred and sixtieth, One hundred and sixty-first, One hundred and sixty-second, One hundred and sixty-fifth, One hundred and seventy-third Regiments New York Volunteers, Forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Company L, First U. S. Artillery (battery), Company A, First U. S. Artillery (battery), Sixth Massachusetts Battery, Twenty-fifth New York Battery, Fourth Massachusetts Battery.

2. The following-named regiments, battalion, and batteries will compose the Second Division, to be commanded by Brigadier General C. Grover, U. S. Volunteers, viz: Twelfth Regiment Maine Volunteers, Thirty-eighth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, Ninth and Thirteenth Regiments Connecticut Volunteers, Ninetieth, One hundred and twenty-eighth, One hundred and thirty-first, One hundred and fifty-sixth, One hundred and fifty-ninth, One hundred and seventy-fifth Battalion New York Volunteers, First Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Company C, Second U. S. Artillery (battery), Twenty-sixth New York Battery, First Maine Battery, First Vermont Battery, Eighteenth New York Battery.

