
3. The following will be the organization of the Third Division, commanded by Major General J. J. Reynolds, U. S. Volunteers:

First Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General D. P. Woodbury, U. S. Volunteers: One hundred and tenth Regiment New York Volunteers, Second Regiment Florida Cavalry.

Second Brigade, commanded by Brigadier General A. Asboth: Seventh Regiment Vermont Volunteers, First Regiment Florida Cavalry.

Third Brigade, commanded by the senior officer present: One hundred and thirty-third New York Volunteers, First New Orleans Volunteers, Second New Orleans Volunteers.

4. The regiments of the First and Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will be assigned to brigades by the corps commander.

5. The following-named general officers are assigned to duty with the First and Second Divisions, Nineteenth Army Corps, and will report to Major-General Franklin, who will designate their respective commands, viz: Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. W. McMillan, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General F. S. Nickerson, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General H. W. Birge, U. S. Volunteers.

IV. The following-named regiments will constitute a separate brigade of heavy artillery, to be commanded by Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery, and by him reported direct to department headquarters, viz: First Indiana Heavy Artillery, Sixth Michigan, Ninety-first New York.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BATON ROUGE, LA., February 16, 1864-6 p. m.

(Received 6.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Captain Craigue reports, from what appears reliable authority, about 3,000 rebels at Clinton, 500 at Whitestown. I don't hear more directly.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., February 15, 1864.

Captain N. F. CRAIGUE,

Commanding Stockade:

You will capture all paroled prisoners of the garrisons of Vicksburg and Port Hudson, except such as you know are never likely to return to the Confederate army, through force or otherwise. If you do not care to take the responsibility of determining what prisoners should not or ought to be taken, then arrest all without distinction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DURGIN, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

