
permits for them, and destroyed them; returned February 13, 1864. February 14, Lieutenant Wolfers, with 30 men, Companies F and D, Fifth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, left this post to escort Government train to Waynesville; expect to return February 19, 1864.

Information from Houston states that a scouting party numbering about 80 men, with one mountain howitzer, are on the trail a rebel band of about 100 men, in the direction of Thomasville. Will be able to give full report a few days.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. EPSTEIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding District of Rolla.
HDQRS. DETACH, FIFTH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Salem, Mo., February 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. EPSTEIN,

Commanding District:

SIR: Everything quiet in this section of country. I can learn of no large force near. I will ascertain by this evening or to-morrow, as I sent three scouting parties out in different directions south, and if there is any force they will find them. I don't apprehend any danger, though the country is full of small squads of guerrillas. If there is any force coming I will find it out before they get near here. I will endeavor to keep you posted of anything of importance. If they only have 1,000 men and no artillery I can thrash them without any trouble. I can arm about 60 citizens, on a tight, that will do to depend on. I will keep the boys scouting the country thoroughly.

I am, your humble servant,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT OF CENTRAL DIST. MO.

February 15, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Central District:

SIR: I am about to start in a few moments to go [to] Independence and meet Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd and his command, relieving the Kansas troops there and at Hickman Mills, and to-morrow Captain William H. Greene, Company E, Second Colorado Cavalry, will relieve the Kansas troops at Westport, Mo. On my return to-morrow or the day after I will assume command if Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd's battalion arrives to-day or to-morrow in time to assign the companies to those two posts.

I am very much in need of 300 horses to mount the battalion of recruits of the Second Colorado Volunteers that reached this post in January, 1864. If I cannot get them from Saint Louis immediately I can make arrangements here to obtain them in a very short time. Can I do so?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel Second Colorado Cav., Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

