
directs him to repair old Fort Brown. Should his force be reduced to a single brigade, he should be provided with supplies of provisions and ammunition sufficient to enable himself to maintain his forces against any attempt to besiege him until he could be relieved. The field-works at Point Isabel are the only works I examined, which appeared well planned and well constructed. The garrison there should have a company of cavalry for vedette duty. In case the new route via Boca Chica is opened and found to work well, then the garrison at Point Isable can be reduced to one company of infantry, one of cavalry, and signal men and machinery enough to keep the garrison at Brazos informed day and night of any approach of the enemy.

The lights at Ship Island Shoal, Pass Cavallo, Arkansas, and Brazos should be restored, and a communication to the Light-House Board on the subject would, I think, be attended to. Reports from commanding officers and staff officers are inclosed,* giving information useful at headquarters.

I respectfully call attention to the report of Colonel Davis, of the cavalry. My medical inspector's report, just received, will be copied and sent in as soon as practicable. An order was issued at Brownsville directing General Herron to collect the small-pox cases among the citizens and isolate them in a separate hospital, so as to prevent the further spread of that disease.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK., Numbers 2. Little Rock, Ark., February 16, 1864.

I. First Lieutenant John G. Burrill, aide-de-camp, is announced as acting assistant inspector-general of this division.

II. First Lieutenant Samuel T. Brush, Eighteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry, is assigned to duty as acting aide-de-camp to the general commanding.

By order of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball:

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General THAYER,

Commanding District of the Frontier:

You will establish your headquarters at Van Buren or Clarksville, until further orders, and assume command of all troops heretofore belonging to the District of the Frontier and now in the Department of Arkansas, reporting to these headquarters.

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding Department of Arkansas.

---------------

*Not found as inclosures.

---------------

