
during the cold weather, would create discontent and probably injure the recruiting service and deemed it proper to submit the matter for your consideration, as I supposed the recruiting was the matter of paramount interest at the time. It is proper say that there has not been the last manifestation of mutinous conduct among the men that has come to my knowledge, and if there had been such manifestations i would not for a moment have entertained the idea of yielding to them, much less of asking you to do so. I deem this explanation necessary, as I perceive from your favor that I was unsuccessful in making myself understood.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cav., Missouri State Militia, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 6, 1864.

General EWING,

Kansas City, Mo.:

If the Colorado men have not started yet you may retain them a few days for milder weather. Try and consolidate Major Pritchard's command with the one now at Kansas City, and let them march together. Captain Barker, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, is supposed to be in your district or on the way from Fort Smith en route to Fort Laramie. If you hear of him inform him that his that orders are rescinded and the is ordered to Fayetteville, Ark. If he comes under your authority order him to that point without delay. Direct Captain Roy, at Fort Leavenworth, to be on the lookout for him.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., January 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. J. AVERILL,

Commanding Fort Ridgely:

COLONEL: General Sibley directs me to reply to your dispatch of the 3rd instant from Saint Peter, and to express his great regret at the suffering experienced by the enlisted men of the garrison as well as those of Company A, Second Regiment, Minnesota Cavalry, while en route to your post, during the late unprecedented cold weather. The general is surprised to learn that the garrison at Fort Ridgley is reduced to the necessity of drawing supplies of fuel from the woods daily to meet their wants, in lieu of having always on hand a considerable quantity quart against contingencies. Nor can he imagine how it is that there is any deficiency of transportation to furnished wood and water for the command, as orders were given to the chief quartermaster, which were complied with, to leave at the post all the mule teams necessary for all purposes.

There must have been gross mismanagement somewhere in allowing the men of the cavalry company to suffer so severely from freeing. If the cold was too intense for the the command to travel with

