
sponded to the calls of the General Government, should not be so far denuded of their men as to incur any hazard whatever of a recurrence of the horrible scenes of 1862. If such a contingency should by any possibility occur, the military authorities of your department would be held justly accountable, unless they had previously made such representations to the authorities at headquarters as would, if properly heeded, have prevented any such calamity. It is with a solemn sense of the responsibility of the position you intrusted to me, as commandant of one of the most important districts in your department, that I have felt it due to you as well as to the Government that you should be fully advised, and frequently, of all the information I could obtain relative to the views and intentions of the powerful bands of savages who for the first time were brought into conflict with our forces last year, and who, although defeated and routed in every engagement, are by no means so completely subdued as not to be encouraged to continue hostilities if they have reason to believe that the frontiers have been stripped in a great degree of their defenses.

You need by under no apprehension that anything will proceed from these headquarters unnecessarily to create alarm among the people at any reduction of force in this district. It is only in my correspondence with you as my superior officer that I feel it to be my duty to state my opinions and convictions with perfect frankness, leaving it to yourself to attach such importance to them as you deem them worthy of. It is my intention, as you have been informed in my telegram, to leave for department headquarters on the 22nd instant, in compliance with your message, and upon my arrival you will, of course, give me your final instructions as to the plan of operations decided upon, which I shall assuredly carry out according to the best of my ability.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

N. B.-Since writing the foregoing I have received copy of telegram force General Halleck to you, announcing the gratifying intelligence that the order directing the Second Regiment Minnesota Cavalry to proceed to New Orleans has been revoked.

Respectfully,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee Wis., February 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Davenport, Iowa:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to advise you that he will expect to see you here on the 24th instant to meet General Sibley.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. MELINE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

