
WASHINGTON, D. C., February 17, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville:

I have given no orders to General Sherman in regard to his movements, but requested him to communicate freely with Generals Banks and Steele in regard to concert of action. I presume, from General Banks' dispatches, that General Sherman proposes to go in person to assist in effecting a junction between Banks and Steele on Red River. By last dispatch he was waiting an answer from Steele. In regard to river transportation you will exercise your own discretion, giving them all you can spare.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New orleans, La., February 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General STONE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: As the result of my recent visit to Forts Saint Philip and Jackson, I have to report the following: There are new mounted at Fort Jackson seventy-nine guns and mortars, including one 15-inch gun and five 100-pounder Parrotts. There is also one more 15-inch gun to be mounted. This will be done in the course of one week; then everything will be mounted at Fort Jackson.

There are now mounted at Fort Saint Philip forty guns. There are to be mounted at Fort Saint Philip seven guns; two of these are 15-inch guns and five 100-pounder Parrots. The platforms for the 15-inch guns at Fort Saint Philip are complete. It will take about three weeks to complete the platforms for the 100-pounder Parrott guns. There are no bolts for the 15-inch guns at Fort Saint Philip with the guns; this requires immediate attention. It will require five or six weeks' time to mount all the guns at Fort Saint Philip if everything is provided promptly.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding Defenses of New Orleans.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 17, 1864.

Captain F. J. SHUNK,Chief of Ordnance, Department of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: General Ord, who has just returned from an inspection of the various points now occupied by our troops in Texas, recommends the following additional armament be sent to that coast, viz:

Matagorda Island: One 100-pounder Parrott gun, two 30-pounder Parrott guns.

Arkansas Pass: Four 24-pounder howitzers, four 24-pounder Coehorn mortars.

Brownsville: Sixteen guns and howitzers, 24 and 32 pounders.

Will you have the goodness to inform me if you have such number and calibers and description of guns as are hereinbefore mentioned?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

