HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MIL., Salem, Mo, February 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. EPSTEIN,Commanding District, Rolla, Mo.:

SIR: All quiet in this country. I have scouted the country for 35 miles south of this. Can hear of no force nearer than White River. sent 2 men down to go into their camp if they can find it. They will be back in a few days. I have the country well scouted. Received information that Freeman and others were on White River, at what is called Flat Rock Bottom, on the 8th of this month. I don't think he will move in this country in force, but scatter his force over the county. This county all around here is full of them in small squads. I will keep you posted in all movements. They cannot move in this direction unless I find it out.

I am, colonel, your humble servant,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, February 17, 1864.

Major General S. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 26th ultimo, in which you submit for his consideration certain modifications as to the lines and defenses of the Department of Kansas, and, in reply, to say that no change in the limits of that department is contemplated at present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 44. New Orleans, La., February 18, 1864.

* * * * * *

2. The Twenty-ninth Regiment Maine Veteran Volunteers, Colonel G. L. Beal, will at once proceed to Franklin, La., and report to the commanding officer of the Nineteenth Army Corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

3. The Thirteenth Regiment Maine Veteran Volunteers, Colonel Francis Fessended, will at once proceed to Franklin, La., and report to the commanding officer of the Nineteenth Army Corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

6. The following movements and changes in the disposition of troops will be carried into effect without delay:

First. The chief of cavalry will immediately designate a detached company of cavalry to report to Major-General Reynolds, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, to relieve Read's company of the Third Massachusetts Cavalry, now serving in the Defenses of New Orleans.

Second. On the being relieved by a company to be designated by the

