
commander of the Defenses of New Orleans, Read's company of Third Massachusetts Cavalry will report for duty at the headquarters of its regiment.

Third. The chief of cavalry will send a full company of good cavalry to Thibodeauxville, to report for duty to the commanding officer, District of the La Fourche, to relieve the company of the First Louisiana Cavalry, now on duty at Napoleonville.

Fourth. On being relieved by company designated by the chief of cavalry the company of the First Louisiana Cavalry, now on be reported for duty to the regimental commander.

Fifth. Company A, Second Louisiana Cavalry, is hereby relieved from duty in the Defenses of New Orleans, and will be reported to the chief of cavalry for duty. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 14. Franklin, La., February 18, 1864.

Colonel Charles C. Dwight, One hundred and sixteenth Regiment New York Volunteers, is hereby detached from his regiment and assigned to duty as acting assistant inspector-general, Nineteenth Army Corps, and is announced as such. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 19TH A. C. AND U. S. FORCES, Numbers 48. Franklin, La., February 18, 1864.

* * * * *

5. In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 41, extract 3, current series, headquarters Department of the Gulf, the following-named regiments assigned to the First Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, Brigadier General W. H. Emory commanding, are hereby assigned to brigades as follows, to take effect February 20, 1864:

First Brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier General William Dwight: Fifteenth Maine, Thirtieth Massachusetts, One hundred and fourteenth New York, One hundred and seventy-third New York, One hundred and sixty-first New York.

Second Brigade, to be commanded by Brigadier General J. W. McMillan:

Twenty-sixth Massachusetts (temporary), Thirteenth Maine, Twelfth Connecticut, Eighth Vermont, One hundred and sixteenth New York, Forty-seventh Pennsylvania.

Third Brigade, to be commanded by the senior colonel: Fourteenth Maine, One hundred and sixty-second New York, One hundred and sixty-fifth New York, One hundred and sixteenth New York, Thirtieth Maine.

