
Captain Duncan S. Walker, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty as assistant-general, First Division, and will report to Brigadier-General Emory.

Captain Oliver Matthews, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to duty as assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, First Division, and will report to Brigadier General William Dwight.

The following-named batteries are assigned to the First Division:

Battery A, First, U. S. Artillery; Battery L, First U. S. Artillery; Fourth Massachusetts Battery, Sixth Massachusetts Batery, Twenty-fifth New York Battery.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 18, 1864.

Dr. A. P. DUDLEY,New Orleans:

SIR: Your letter of yesterday's date, proposing to raise a squadron of scouts to operate in the woodland country of West Louisiana, has been submitted to the major-general commanding the department, who directs me to authorize you to commence immediately the organization of such a squadron as you propose.

Proper officers nominated by you will be appointed and commissioned by the major-general commanding. The squadron should be composed of two companies of 100 privates each, with the usual proportion of commissioned and non-commissioned officers. The service of the squadron may include any portion of Western Louisiana, Eastern Texas, or Arkansas. If the men can procure their own mounts and equipments, they will be paid a fair price for the houses.

Very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 18, 1864.

Colonel E. L. MOLINEUX,Thibodeaux:

COLONEL: You may call on the commanding officer Eighteenth Regiment, Corps d'Afrique, for a temporary detail for picket duty, but it is desirable that they should be as little weakened as possible in their fortification duties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Plaquemine, La., February 18, 1864.

Captain GEORGE W. DURGIN, Jr.,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The cavalry which passed into Grossetete from Thibodeaux was one company from First Louisiana Cavalry, Captain Barrett, also a company of First Louisiana Infantry, mounted, Captain Ing-

