
found nothing with them. It is worthy of note that the person who was robbed did not come to Plaquemine to identify the person or persons who robbed him. I believe the report has been got up by parties at Plaquemine interested in the speculation trade that is carried on there.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BARRETT,

Captain, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, LA FOURCHE DISTRICT, Thibodeaux, February 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the general commanding the department, and reference called to trade to and from Plaquemine.

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,Colonel, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., February 20, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Sheldon, commanding U. S. forces at Plaquemine, La., through Brigadier-General Cooke, for explanation and report.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, Baton Rouge, La., February 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel Sheldon for explanation and report.

By command of Brigadier General P. St. George Cooke:

GEO. W. DURGIN, JR.,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Plaquemine, La., February 25, 1864.

I do not quite understand upon what subject I am to report. Captain Barrett came here, as he says. I gave it as my opinion that he could not return by the route he names. He informed me that he had found out he could; that the water had not flooded the road. He said he would like to go to Grossetete. I told him I would send other side of Bayou Grossetete, above Indian Village, for lumber, he could go to Rosedale and recross on the flats I should have there for the use of my party. On investigation I learned that there were but 20 of my horses fit for his contemplated expedition, and received information that three companies of Texas had come down near

