
Rosedale to pick up conscripts and mules, of which I informed Captain Barrett. As such a force outnumbered his two to one, I would not take the responsibility of the expedition. My expedition for lumber started the morning after, and was successful, and I aided him to recross the bayou at Indian Village. As to the loads of sugar and cotton, I have no knowledge, but presume it is true, as considerable cotton and sugar have come to this point from the back country.

As to the presence of speculators outside of our lines I also have no knowledge, but presume they go there. They land from boats and procure passes here and elsewhere like other loyal citizens to pass the pickets. Where they go to is unknown to me. The party robbed is unknown to me personally. He lives in West Baton Rouge. His father came and reported the robbery to me, he being a loyal citizen. The plundered man is said to have been engaged in cotton-buying and was returning from the Confederate lines homeward. I have not heard of the man who claims to the robbed is James Lobdell. He has never been here to my knowledge.

Having touched all the subjects contained in Captain Barrett's report that can possibly concern Plaquemine, I conclude.

Respectfully returned.

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Baton Rouge, La., February 18, 1864.

Captain JAMES KEEFE,Commanding Expeditionary Detachment:

The general commanding directs that you will embark your command at 6 a. m. to-morrow, proceeding by steamer to Lobdell's Landing. You will there debark, march to Rosedale with celerity, taking care to surprise and capture the pickets at Lake Cocodrie and Rosedale. You will seize, in as large numbers as you may deem advisable, good beef-cattle where you may find them, but particularly on the plantation specified in verbal instructions. You will return by the road west of the Grossetete to Indian Village; thence to Plaquemine. The skiffs being constructed by Martin Roesser, a Confederate soldier at--'s plantation, will be destroyed. War vouchers will be given by a commissioned officer for all cattle for which claimants appear.

You will act with caution and exercise extreme vigilance in the prevention of all disorders and irregularities.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DURGIN, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL SPECIAL, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 26. Saint Louis, Mo., February 18, 1864.

I. The honorable Secretary of War having delegated to the commanding general authority to grant permission to applicants for com-

