HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 18, 1864.

Meers. STORY and WOODEN,Publishers of the Chicago Times, Chicago, Ill.:

GENTLEMEN: Your letter dated 15th February to Major-General Rosecrans, asking for a revocation of an order prohibiting the circulation of the Chicago Times within the limits of the Department of Missouri, is received, and I am directed by him to state that the order will be revoked. He desires it to be understood, however, in this and all other similar cases, that, holding to the doctrine that the military power should never interfere with the full and free expressions of the press upon all subjects except as a military measure, he believes it to be the first duty of a military commander to preserve and protect the integrity of his Government from all attacks; and anything written or spoken, calculated materially to impair that integrity by weakening its authority or that of its officers, it is his plain duty to take cognizance of it, and to act according to his best judgment, responsible only to the Government for such course of action as he may think it necessary to adopt.

I am, gentlemen, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MIL., Salem, Mo., February 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. EPSTEIN,Commanding District, Rolla, Mo.:

SIR: I just have reliable information of Freeman's and Love's whereabouts. They are in the southeast corner of Oregon Country, on Frederick's Fork. They have some 600 or 700 men. They have just come in there. They are clearing out that country, burning all the Union families out-the families of Union men who have left that county. Can't ascertain which way or where they are going, though I think they will remain there, as that is their old range and plenty of forage there. I think they could be driven out from there now without any trouble. [If] a few troops from Pilot Knob and from Rolla and this place and Houston be sent there in different directions, I don't see how he could escape. I don't apprehend any danger of an attack here, though they may. I will try and be ready for them at any time.

I wish I had one 12-pounder howitzer; it would be a great help to us and then be almost able to repel any force.

I have the country well scouted south of this. I sent a scout yesterday down on Jack's Fork. They have not returned yet. I would like to go and have those scamps driven out of the county. As long as they remain in that county they will be running in this county stealing. There is no force nearer than those spoken of above, only small bands, though we have them pretty well run out at present.

I am, very respectfully,

L. E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

