HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, Mo., February 18, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Asst. Adjt. General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, my arrival at his place last evening, where I have temporarily established my headquarters.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MO., Kansas City, Mo., February 18, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: To-day I assumed command of the Fourth Sub-District, and appointed my acting assistant adjutant-general and acting provost-marshal. A copy of General Orders, Numbers 1, is inclosed. I have relieved the Kansas troops by ordering two squadrons to Pleasant Hill, two squadrons to Harrisonville, under Major Smith, to Independence; one squadron to Hickman Mills; Squadron E to Westport; Squadrons B and M to Kansas City, for duty in the town, and Squadron D in Kansas City, always ready for escort, scout, or sudden patrol, Squadron I having been sent as escort to Harrisonville for Major Pritchard.

Your letter of instructions was received yesterday, and I am preparing instructions for the different posts embodying what is contained in them.

The scouting and continued patrolling of the more secluded hills and timbered porions of the sub-district will be strictly enjoined and performed; and in this connection I would again ask the general commanding that five companies of infantry be sent to the sub-district to garrison the more important points, and by that means liberate a large amount of cavalry for duty for which they are better fitted. I shall in a few days recommend some officers for a military commission, to hold its session in this city, for the examination of cases which will doubtless arise when the machinery of the whole district is in proper running order. I will also state to the general commanding the Central District that I shall sent to-morrow to their respective companies the recruits and dismounted men of the Second and Third Regiments Colored Volunteers now at this post, and would again ask that they be mounted as soon as possible, for I thus lose the service of nearly 300 picked men as cavalry.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel 2nd Colo. Cav., Commanding 4th Sub-Dist., Dist. of Cent. Mo.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 4TH SUB-DIST., DIST., CENT. MO., Numbers 1. Kansas City, Mo., February 18, 1864.

I. The Kansas troops within the counties of Jackson, Cass, Bates, and the northern part of Vernon County, MO., having been relieved by the Second Colorado Cavalry in pursuance to Special Orders, No.

