
7, dated headquarters Department of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo., January 8, 1864, I hereby assume command of the above counties, forming the Fourth Sub-District of District of Central Missouri, in obedience to General Orders, Numbers 2, dated headquarters District Central Missouri, January 14, 1864, with headquarters at Kansas City, Mo.

II. First Lieutenant Edward L. Berthoud, Company E, Second Regiment Colorado Volunteer Cavalry, is hereby appointed acting assistant adjutant-general of the Fourth Sub-District of District of Central Missouri, and all communications to these headquarters will be addressed to him as such.

III. Captain Joseph C. W. Hall, Company B, Second Colorado Cavalry, is appointed assistant provost-marshal of the Fourth Sub-District of the District of Central Missouri, subject to the approval of Brigadier General E. B. Brown, commanding District of Central Missouri.

By order:

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel 2nd Colo. Cav., Commanding 4th Sub-Dist., Dist. of Cent. Mo.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo. February 18, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. SANDORN,Springfield, Mo.:

The major-general commanding the department directs that you drop the troops formerly belonging to you command, and now stationed in Arkansas, from your returns. Inform the officer commanding at Fayetteville that he should now send his reports, reports, returns, &amp;c., to Major-General Steele's headquarters at Little Rock.

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, February 18, 1864.

Colonel J. J. GRAVELY,Eighth Regiment Missouri State Militia Cavalry:

COLONEL: My action in sending troops across the Gasconade to scout in the Rolla District is approved by the department commander, and from the present indications I conclude it better to keep some force at the Gasconade. Unless there are good reasons in your mind for not doing so, you will transfer one full company of your command from Lebanon to the Gasconade and direct Lieutenant-Colonel Brutsche to go there for the present to command. All the troops at and east of Lebanon will report directly to you, and receive orders from you, distributed, however, as above indicated. Every inducement will be held out to citizens to plant and sow large crops, and all may rest assured that they will, without regard to their past sentiments or views, be paid fully for all they produce hereafter that is taken by the Government.

Impress fully upon all the citizens of you section the importance of reporting all the information they have of any guerrillas or bands of partisan rangers promptly to you, that you may the better guard

