
neglect or dereliction will be considered as evidence of sympathy and co-operation, and they will be punished in person and property accordingly.

In scouting for these bands you will not, as a general rule, make long or rapid marches, thereby using up horses, but will divide your force, stationing portions on or near the runways of these bands, and with other portions drive them in that direction, that the parties in position may capture or destroy them. Let all vigilance be used and every effort made to maintain law and order in your section, and report the results of all scouts and skirmishers to these headquarters at your earliest convenience. Lieutenant-Colonel Brutsche will be governed by the same instructions that I have given you herein.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANDORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HUMBELDT, KANS., February 18, 1864.

Major P. B. PLUMB,

Commanding Troops in and west of the Neosho Valley:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report pertaining to my escort duties to refugee Indian supply train: My command was composed of the following companies and detachments, viz: Company C, Eleventh Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Phillips; Company K, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Johnson, and a detachment of Company M, Third Wisconsin Cavalry Volunteers, under command of Sergeant Dixon. I started from here on the morning of 31st January, but owing to a heavy rain-storm which set in on that day, I was compelled to wait for the train at the Osage Mission until 2nd February. As soon as the train arrived at that place I started it southward. The roads were so had that our progress was slow till was reached the old military road, but as soon as I struck that road I moved the train form 15 to 20 miles per day.

I arrived at Fort Blunt on the 11th instant and started on my return on the 13th, and arrived here to-day. I discovered nothing worthy of mention on my march to or from Fort Blunt. My animals are much worn down in consequence of the lack of forage. The quartermaster at this post could not furnish me with teams sufficient to haul forage, and the country through which I passed is entirely distribute of any kind of subsistence for horses, consequently our animals suffered much. In my opinion it will take two or three weeks to recruit them sufficiently for further service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. BERNARD,

First Lieutenant Co. M, Third Wis. Vols., Commanding Escort.

[Indorsement.]

HDQRS. TROOPS IN AND OF NEOSHO VALLEY, Humboldt, Kans., February 20, 1864.

Captain JOHN WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Kansas:

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to submit the report of Lieutenant John M. Bernard, Company M, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, on his

