
pounder Parrott gun, nine 32-pounder garrison guns, eleven 18-pounder siege guns.

The field battery stationed their will furnish flanking guns.

Very respectfully, I am, major, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 19, 1864.

Captain F. J. SHUNK,Chief of Ordnance, Department of the Gulf:

CAPTAIN: You will please issue to the commanding officer fort at Plaquemine, La., the following ordnance and ordnance stores, viz: One 30-pounder Parrott gun, four 18-pounder siege guns, with siege carriages, implements, and equipments complete; nine 32-pounder garrison guns, with barbette carriages, implements, and equipments complete; also 100 rounds of ammunition per gun, giving the proper proportion of round shot and canister or grape.

Very respectfully, I am, captain, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 25. New Orleans, February 19, 1864.

I. The following-named regiments and batteries of the Nineteenth Army Corps will immediately have inscribed upon their colors the names of the several actions set opposite their names, wherein they have borne a distinguished part, as follows:

Twelfth Maine Volunteers, Irish Bend, Port Hudson; Fourteenth Maine Volunteers, Baton Rouge, Port Hudson; Eighth Vermont Volunteers, Cotton, Bisland, Port Hudson; Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, La Fourche; Thirtieth Massachusetts Volunteers, Baton Rouge, Plains Store, Port Huston, Cox's Plantation; Thirty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, Bishland, Port Hudson; Thirty-eighth Massachusetts Volunteers, Bishland, Port Hudson; Twelfth Connecticut Volunteers, Georgia Landing, Cotton, Bisland, Port Hudson; Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers, Georgia Landing, Irish Bend, Port Hudson; Ninety-first New York Volunteers, Port Hudson; One hundred and tenth New York Volunteers, Bisland; One hundred and fourteenth New York Volunteers, Plains Store, Port Hudson, Cox's Plantation; One hundred and twenty-eighth New York Volunteers, Port Hudson; One hundred and thirty-first New York Volunteers, Port Hudson; One hundred and thirty-third New York Volunteers, Bisland, Port Hudson; One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, Bisland, Port Hudson; One hundred and fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, Irish Bend, Port Hudson; One hundred and sixtieth New York Volunteers, Cotton, Bisland, Port Hudson; One hundred and sixty-first New York Volunteers, Plains Store, Port Hudson,

24 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

