
Colonel Carpenter, colonel of engineers in our army; stated that he was on the staff of General Franklin, and had ben sent out by him to make a survey and sounding of the bayou. Upon being told that his story was not probable, that the circumstances against him were very suspicious (he being without uniform, &amp;c.), he appeared much frightened and declared his readiness to disclose all the information in his possession, if by doing so he might mitigate his treatment. He then stated that the object of his survey was to ascertain if there was water enough in the bayou for gun-boats; that if so, it was General Franklin's intention to bring up such boats from Vermilion Bay, and make an attack by way of Abbeville, and made a very free and full disclosure of what he claimed to know of General Franklin's plan of campaign.

The officers having him in charge became satisfied that his story was false, but considered him harmless, if not demented, and Captain Elgee, who told me of him, thought he had been sent through the lines. I was the more interested in the story for the reason that Captain Ramsay had before told me of his picking up this same man on the bank of the Mississippi, giving nearly the same account of himself as that stated above, but adding that he had been carried a prisoners to Shreveport, and had escaped from imprisonment there. He had, and exhibited to Captain Ramsay what he claimed to be, plans of rebel fortifications, at Shreveport. Captain Ramsay sent him to Natchez, but afterward saw him on his way to New Orleans from Natchez. Both Captain Ramsay and Captain Elgee spoke of him as a very illiterate and inferior person.

I am, general, yours, very respectfully,

CHARLES C. DWIGHT,

Commanding One hundred and sixtieth New York Vols.

PORT HUDSON, LA., January 7, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE:

Nothing new this a. m. Eight companies of Third Massachusetts Cavalry leave for New Orleans to-day.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS CORPS D'AFRIQUE,Port Hudson, La., January 7, 1864.

Major G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report the arrival at this post to-day of the remaining companies of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Mounted Infantry, making up the whole command of John G. Fonda, colonel, commanding brigade.

Report of strength of command will be sent to headquarters Department Gulf soon as received here.

Respectfully,

G. B. HALSTED,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

