
Village, to Plaguemine, reaching the letter place probably some time to-morrow. The object is to procure cattle in large numbers. In so far as you may deem advisable you will assist in furthering this object. A party will, in any event, be kept at Indian Village or beyond, to secure the crossing therefor provide a crossing by means of flat-boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. DURGIN, JR.,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 19, 1864.

Major General FREDERICK STEELE,Commanding U. S. Force in Arkansas:

GENERAL: You will accept my thanks for your dispatches transmitted to me by Captain Dunham. The route indicated by you will be acceptable to us. I thinks we can make the junction with you from Alexandria, possibly from Matchitoches, which would be better, the route from Natchitoches to Monroe being the best at this season of the year. I think your forces and my own will be equal to any the enemy can bring against us; but if General Sherman can join us from Vicksburg it will make the thing certain. He has a good road direct to Monroe. I shall be ready to move by the 5th of March, and will communicate to you constantly the progress we are making for that purpose. I shall hope to find you ready for movement at the same time, and will conform to the suggestions you may make in regard to his matter in the return dispatches which Captain Dunham may bring. Captain Dunham will communicate to you all information which you may desire.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 7TH A. C. AND DEPT. OF ARK., Numbers 8. Little Rock, Ark., February 19, 1864.

First Lieutenant Thomas D. Witt, First Missouri Light Artillery, is announced as chief ordnance officer of this department.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 19, 1864.

R. T. BROCK, Esq.,

Secretary War Relief Found Committee, Saint Louis:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of yesterday to Major-General Rosecrans, asking permission to take rebel horses for the use of destitute Union refugee families, is received, and he directs me in reply to ask you for a list of such horses, with the names of the owners, that can be

