
properly taken for such a purpose. It is the desire of the general commanding to do all in his power to aid these poor people, thrown at this inclement season upon the charities of our people, and he would be thankful for any practicable suggestions as to the manner in which he can be of service, either in his official or individual capacity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK S. BOND,

Major, Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, February 19, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

Freeman has had a fight with a portion of Livingston's command and been defeated. I learn he has retreated to the east of Black River, with about 300 men. Your outposts must keep close watch for him.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, February 19, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,Cape Girardeau:

You must provide for Bloomfield in the best possible way. You must judge what is best and go ahead promptly.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

ROLLA, MO., February 19, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. EPSTEIN,

Commanding Rolla District, Rolla, Mo.:

COLONEL: On my arrival here I find that the forces now occupied in the erection of the fortification at this place are insufficient. By information from Captain Crocker, I learn that the details are rather irregular and uncertain, as the men are sometimes taken from this post. In order to facilitate the speedy completion of the fort, I would respectfully suggest that my company, which is accustomed to such work, should be stationed here subject to my disposal, or at least the mechanics of such company.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. W. DETTE,

Captain Commanding Colonel H, Firs Infy., Mo. State Mil.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ROLLA, Rolla, Mo., February 19, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, and heartily recommended that he request be granted, as it would be a great saving and advantage to the Government by employing infantry to complete the work instead of cavalry, which is very much needed for field duty.

JOS. A. EPSTEIN,Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding District.

