
[Second indorsement.]

ENGINEER'S OFFICE, HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., February 23, 1864.

To finish the block-house very soon it will be advisable to order Company H, First Missouri State Militia Infantry, at Franklin, Mo., to Rolla. This company consists entirely of mechanics and enlisted in the beginning as engineer soldiers. The entire company may be at the disposal of Captain Dette for no other purpose than to finish the block-house. Company H, at Franklin, guarding bridges over the Pacific Railroad, might be relieved by Companies A or K, First Missouri State Militia Infantry. These two companies are stationed at Benton Barracks.

WM. HOELCKE,

Captain and Actg. Aide-de-Camp, Chief Engr., Dept of the Mo.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, Mo., February 19, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that I have ordered two companies of the Ninth Minnesota to rebuild a bridge across the Black Water, 2 1\2 miles north of this spot, on the road to Lexington. This bridge was burned by our troops in September, 1861, while being pursued by Price, on his march to Lexington, previous to its surrender by Mulligan. This stream is impassable in high water, and at other times the approach to the ford is difficult, and can only be crossed with loaded wagons but making a long detour. There are two spans, one of 50 feet and one of 30 feet. The piers are of stone and in good condition.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

HEADQUARTER DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, Mo., February 19, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request to be advised if there is any intention to take the four companies of the Ninth Minnesota from this district, and, if so, that some other infantry be ordered here in their place, though there would be urgent reasons in favor of the present command being retained. Their soldierly bearing and well merited reputation for good conduct would make them very desirable troops for the service on the border, where, in consequence of the scarcity of forage and for use in the hill and brush country, near the headwaters of the Snibar, Big and Little Blue Rivers, would require dismounted troops in connection with the cavalry for scouting operations, while the other qualifications would have a great influence in counteracting the bitter sectional strife that now exists.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

