
You will recollect what you heard while here of Yeager, and some of his men were seen out west on the Santa Fe road. From the above statement, and having seen a number of fresh horse tracks working up those branches toward the Kansas line, I think it quite probable that they may be concentrating somewhere west on the Santa Fe road, for the purpose of interfering with trains going west, or making a raid down through the State toward Missouri. At least, from the facts, I think they should be looked after in that direction.

Another idea I would suggest and think of great importance, that if the border counties of Missouri are not attached to this department you request of the general in command in command of that department to issue special orders to troops stationed at Pleasant Hill, Harrisonville, Clinton, and Germantown to be more active. They are living at these places, faring sumptuously, and, to all appearances, doing nothing. If the same order is issued to our troops at Santa Fe, Aubrey, and Coldwater Grove to keep out scouting parties every day, from the different commands, they can prevent a concentration in that direction, consequently there would be no raid in Kansas from that direction. I have other matters to call your attention to which I will defer till my return.

Yours, very respectfully,

S. W. CARPENTER,

Scout Detective.

P. S.-I have hurt myself so I will not be able ride for four or five days. I wish you to inform me by the bearer whether I shall remain here longer or return to Leavenworth.

S. W. CARPENTER,

[Indorsement.]

FORT LEAVENWORTH, March 2, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Rosecrans, for his border, where the eggs should be crossed before the vipers come forth in the spring.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA, Omaha, Nebr. Ter., February 19, 1864.

Honorable A. SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of to-day, directed to Brigadier-General McKean, commanding this directrict, inclosing a telegraphic dispatch from citizens of Brownsville, Nemaha County, in this Territory, praying that troops may be stationed in Nemaha and Richardson Counties to protect them from banks of thieves and outlaws infesting that part of the country, is received, and in the temporary absence of General McKean I take the liberty of replying to say that it is the intention of General McKean as soon as he returns from Fort Leavenworth to send detachments of Company C, Seventh Iowa

