
Cavalry (now stationed at Nebraska City), to Brawnsville and Falls City for the protection of the citizens of those place and vicinity. Such a detail would have been made by the general before he went away had he supposed that there was any necessary for it at that time. As soon as the general returns, which will be in the course of a week or ten days, such a disposition will be made of the small force in this district as will afford protection to the lives and property of the citizens at the points required. Such instructions will be given to the commanding officers at Nebraska City as will afford temporary relief, and immediately on the general's return permanent arrangements will be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 27. New Orleans, February 20, 1864.

On and after the 1st day of March beef-cattle, and other supplies of a like character, will be admitted through the lines of the army without any restriction or confiscation, for sale in the market of New Orleans, subject only to such regulations as to prices as may be established by the joint order of the chief commissary of the department and the mayor of the city of New Orleans.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 46. New Orleans, February 20, 1864.

* * * * * * *

14. By direction of the President, Major General John A. McClernand, U. S. Volunteers, will relieve Major General E. O. C. Ord in the command of the Thirteenth Army Corps.

15. Major-General Ord, on being relieved by Major-General McClernand, will proceed to Louisville, Ky., and thence report by letter to the War Department.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FRANKLIN, LA., February 20, 1864-9.30 a. m. (Received 9.40 a. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

The cavalry under Colonel Robinson returned yesterday, having captured 15 prisoners. They are from several organizations, but all serving with the Second Louisiana Cavalry (rebel). There was nothing new in front.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

