
requested that a force should be sent to preserve order and prevent any interference. To that letter we have yet no reply. We feel perfectly confident of making good every specification in the inclosed letter, and invite, rather than shun, an investigation. Whilst we are willing to obey any order from General Guitar, Colonel Williams, Colonel Moss, or any other officer, we have portested in a note to Colonel Moss against proceeding with the investigation until we have a reply to our letter to you of the 11th, above referred to.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD M. SAMUEL.

W. T. REYNOLDS.

JAMES M. JONES.

W. E. RHEA.

WM. G. GARTH.

G. BIRD.

[Inclosure.]

LIBERTY, MO., December 26, 1863.

To the Major-General Commanding

Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: We, the undersigned, represent that our loyalty to he Government of the United States rests upon no conditions, and therefore we have the right to ask, indeed to demand, that as long as it is considered necessary to have soldier in the service in this State (and we believe they will be needed until the war closes, for sympathy for the South is as strong here as it ever was) they should be only composed of loyal men, those who have been so all the while, or have become so by experience and repentance (of which class there are precious few).

We beg leave, therefore, respectfully and earnestly, to ask:

First. That authority should be given to raise a regiment of loyal men in the counties of Clay, Platte, and Clinton . For this important position we recommend Major John R. Green, whom we know to be an honorable man and of unquestionable loyalty for colonel. So far as we know or believe there is not a truly company in either county. The Paw Paws have unlimited sway in all these counties. In Clay Country eight or ten companies have been raided of that militia-Paw Paws. In the worst and darkest period of the rebellion in Missouri we could only get three or four companies of loyal troops to keep the rebels off us. Now, when it is said by the friends of the Paw Paws that all is peace and quiet, we have eight or ten, all, we suppose, supported by the Government.

Second. We take the broad ground that if there be but 150 loyal men in the county (and this is the highest number we ever had, including passive sympathizers), they are entitled to ample protection by the Government of the United States.

Third. We take the ground that whilst the Paw Paws may be said to have kept the peace and quiet of the county, it has been at the expense of the loyal sentiment of the county, and the most full and ample utterance of disloyal sentiments has become the practice. That among this new militia and their Southern friends, all men who are unconditionally for the Union are denounced daily and hourly as radicals and enemies.

Fourth. We recommend the disbanding of the Paw Paws and the disarming them, and that the arms of the State and the military

