
organizations of the State be placed in the hands of loyal men and loyal officers only. If there be such as have become sick of the rebellion, and are willing in heart and soul to serve the country among loyal men, we say be all means let them be admitted. What we protest against is this: Against putting guns, ammunition, and military power in the hands of men, many of when openly say, "we are willing to fight Red Legs and Kansas thieves and jayhawkers, but won't fight against our Southern brethren." That this is the general feeling among the Paw Paws we do most sincerely believe, and hence if rebel raids of sufficient force are made upon us the Union men will be sacrificed, and in the spring, "when the leaves come out, the Union men must give in or else go out." This is our firm conviction.

Fifth. And now, sir, pledging our lives, fortunes, and honors that our only object is to preserve the peace of the State, of our county, and adjacent counties (alluded to in first paragraph), to have the laws faith full executed, to put down all dings of lawlessness, thieving, robbery, no matter by whom or from what quaker committed, and believing that no permanent peace can be secured without the people come to the principle of unconditional allegiance, and that the military organization known as the Paw Paws is not loyal; that it is offensive to loyal men, a great wrong to them, and is calculated to suppress and in no sense to promote loyalty, we ask that no unnecessary delay take place in carrying out what is asked for in first and fourth.

We are, general, very respectfully,

W. T. REYNOLDS,

[And 7 others.]

[Indorsement.]

General ROSECRANS:

Mr. Samuel is one of the best of men. Lieutenant-Colonel Jacobson will visit Liberty.

FISK,

Brigadier-General.

IN THE FIELD, FORT SCOTT, KANS., February 20, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

DEAR GENERAL: I have been making a reconnaissance of the southern portion of my department, extending to Fort Gibson and Fort Smith, and returning through Van Buren, Fayetteville, Pineville, Neosho, and Carthage, to this place, intruding a little on your dominion, to procure forage for my troops and ascertain the relations of our outposts to each other. The mountain and river passes in Western Arkansas, especially in the vicinity of Van Buren and Fort Smith, are equally important to our commands, as it is through Western Arkansas and the Indian country rebel forces have heretofore kept up a communication with belligerent sneaks (they only expression suited to such foes), who infest the counties of Fayette, Jackson, &amp;c., to make war on the peaceable citizens of both Kansas and Missouri. All the posts below us, in that region, are outposts

