
Sixth and Seventh Sub-Districts of Central Missouri, and also for the able and energetic manner in which you conducted the advance and fought the enemy under command of Brigadier-General Shelby during the raid in October last. The general desires me to say that to you and the troops under your command the country is indebted for the important services you have rendered, and which contributed largely toward his (the enemy's) final defeat and dispersion at Marshall. The efficient manner in which you discharged you duty in the delicate position of commander of the border receives his special commendation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., February 20, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The only troops of my command occupying a permanent post in Arkansas are the First Arkansas Cavalry and First Arkansas Battery at Fayetteville.

The headquarters of the Second Arkansas Cavalry is at Cassville, although the troops operate mostly in Arkansas. All the troops that I have in Arkansas are enrolled militia, the State militia being on their way our to shoe their horses and clothe the men. Yellville is held by the enrolled militia. An abandonment of that place will no doubt result in the murder of nearly all the Union citizens there (of whom there are many, they having come out and operated with us) by the guerrillas, and these troops cannot be placed under General Steele. When the Second Arkansas is organized, which will be in a day or two, it could be stationed at these posts in Arkansas, and the Missouri troops released and the organizations so kept together inthe respective departments. I have written the general to-day fully in regard to this matter. The only point on which I would like a suggestion or order is whether or not I had better send more rations at once to Yellville, the command there now being out of rations.

JOHN B. SANDORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. U. S. FORCES IN WESTERN LA., Numbers 52. Franklin, February 21, 1864.

1. The Twenty-ninth Maine Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters in pursuance to orders from headquarters department, is hereby temporarily assigned to the Second Brigade, First Division. The commanding officer will report to the Second Brigade, First Division. The commanding officer will report to Brigadier-General McMillan.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Emory:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

