
BATON ROUGE, LA., February 21, 1864-10 a. m. (Received 10.15 a. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

A foraging party of Fourth Wisconsin Cavalry returned last night from the Grossetete, via Indian Village and Plaquemine. Of 200 cattle captured but 50 were in a condition to stand march. Three prisoners were taken, with about 30 horses and mules. On Friday night the party had a skirmish, with the bayou between, suffering no loss except a few houses killed and wounded. It is thought that the enemy suffered severely, as he was silenced.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., February 21, 1864.

Lieutenant G. O. SOKALSKI,A. A. A. G., Army of Arkansas, Little Rock, Ark.:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to state that, from the most reliable information I have received through reconnaissances and friends in the country, the enemy are concentrating with a view of attacking this station. I know that they can muster 2,000 men, and they may obtain more through sources unknown to me. I shall do my duty in the event that an attack is made, but would feel thankful for reenforcements if they can be spared. If they attack it will be within ten days. I am very badly hampered by the enemy in my efforts to obtain forage.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebr. Cav., Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, February 21, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,Cape Girardeau:

I have just received the following telegram from the outpost at Patterson:

I learn from below that the rebels are concentrating to make a raid on Bloomfield. Do not be mistaken; they can concentrate near 1,000 men. This may only be to throw me off my guard. Their condition is growing desperate; they are bound to strike somewhere. I will keep a good lookout for them, but I think intention is to move on Bloomfield.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.

I am quite satisfied that McRea and Freeman are combining their strength for a strike somewhere, and Bloomfield is probably the point. You will make such disposition of your force as to give the invaders a warm recaption. Take steps promptly to secure information from the south of Bloomfield, and keep me posted. Put everything on a war footing. We shall not wait for an attack a great while, but will go out after the rascals.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

