
their aid or comfort, nor, except upon the permission of the Secretary of War or of some officer duly authorized by him, of the following prohibited articles, namely: Cannon, mortars, fire-arms, pistols, bombs, grenades, powder, saltpeter, sulphur, balls, bullets, pikes, swords, boarding-caps (always excepting the quantity of the said articles which may se necessary for the defense of the ship and those who compose the crew), saddles, bridles, cartridge-bag material, percussion and other caps, clothing adapted for uniforms, sail cloth of all kinds, hemps and cordage, intoxicating drinks, other than beer and light native wines.

To vessels clearing from foreign ports and destined to the port of Brownsville, opened by this proclamation, licenses will be granted by consuls of the United States, upon satisfactory evidence that the vessels so licensed will convey no persons, property, or information excepted or prohibited above, either to or from the said port, which licenses shall be exhibited to the collector of said port immediately on arrival, and, if required, to any officer in charge of the blockade; and, on leaving said port, every vessel will be required to have a clearance from the collector of the customs according to law, showing no violations of the conditions of the license. Any violations of said conditions will involve the forfeiture and condemnation of the vessel and cargo, and the entering the United States during the war for any purpose whatever.

In all respects, except as herein specified, the existing blockade remains in full force and effect as hitherto established and maintained, nor is it relaxed by this proclamation except in regard to the port to which relation is or has been expressly applied.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this 18th day of February, in the year of our Lord 1864, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-eighth.

[SEAL.] ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

By order of Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 47. New Orleans, La., February 22, 1864.

1. The squadron of the Eighteenth New York Cavalry under command of Major Byrne, lately arrived from the North on the stemware Empire City, will be reported to Brigadier-General Lee, chief of cavalry.

2. The Fourth Iowa Battery, Captain P. H. Goode, just arrived from the North on the steamer Illinois, will be reported to Brigadier General Richard Arnold, chief of artillery.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

