
came on, and the friends of Governor Gamble united with the worst copperheads and such rebels and sympathizers as dared to take the prescribed oath to defeat what they called the "faction of the radical Jacobins" (who were, however, the original loyalists, those that had suffered and sacrificed most for the Union cause), but would have remained in the minority had all the soldiers' votes been duly counted, thus claiming a majority of a few hundred votes for their candidates. Now, then, President Lincoln changed his mind, as though confessing that he had been deluded, and gave us Rosecrans for Schofield, and be he blessed for it.

Governor Gamble died, lamented as a man of uncommon abilities and of long-cherished predilections not quite the proper man for the great difficulties of the time and circumstances. His successor is a man of high qualifications, inclining from his earliest associations perhaps even more to the pro-slavery sentiment than his predecessor; at least it so appears to me. It cannot be questioned that slavery is a doomed institution in Missouri; her wounds cannot be healed, peace and mutual good feeling cannot be restored, immigration cannot be revived, &amp;c., unless by speedy emancipation, and he in no true friend of our downtrodden State who would hereafter oppose it. Both houses of our Legislature have passed an act for the convocation of a new convention to meet in next January and removed our State constitution, and Governor Hall has signed that act. This should satisfy all, whether they are immediate or gradual emancipationists or no emancipationists at all. Violent party spirit should cease to prevent the restoration of pease and order, and all of us should be willing to assist those in whose hands our future fate is placed in their honest efforts to accomplish that end.

Perhaps it would be best to enroll all our able-bodied negroes into our army. As yet all the suffering and sacrificing has fallen on those who were loyal and dutiful from the beginning, while the sympathizers, after having sent their deluded tools to Price's army, remained at home and enriched themselves, enjoying the protection of the Paw Paw militia. To evade the draft many of them will for a while pass over the State line and dig for gold in Colorado or Idaho, leaving all the risk of life and property to the Jacobins, whom they formerly persecuted for their loyalty and now denounce as ultraist. I will say no more. I have written the above not in the spirit of a party politician, but of an impartial historian. Modesty prevents me from offering any suggestions as to what should be done.

Accept, sir, the assurance of my highest regard.

FREDERICK MUNCH,

Senator, First District.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, February 22, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

I started forage train for Bloomfield early this morning. I cannot send re-enforcements there, until actually necessary, on account of having no forage. The scouts sent out from Bloomfield have returned and report no movement on foot. Others will be sent.

JOHN B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

