
in. Have 3,000 of the rations from this train left at Berryville and send the train on the Yellville with a sufficient and strong escort from Berryville.

The commanding officer at Yellville will send the train to Springfield by way of Forsyth, furnishing a proper escort for that purpose. A portion of your command, probably, better remain in the vicinity of Yellville and Rolling Prairie after escorting through the train. Human says Freeman is below Jacksonport, on White River.

JOHN B. SANDORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Send copy of this dispatch of Berryville and Yellville.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, February 23, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,New Orleans:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of February 12 is received. It contains our latest information from Generals Sherman and Steele. It is hoped that your arrangements for the co-operation of these generals may prove successful. The communication with them from these headquarters is so difficult that it is not possible to give them other than very general instructions. Several additional regiments are ready for transportation to your command, but are delayed for want of suitable vessels. I hope, however, to get them off in the course of a few days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 23, 1864.

Major General J. J. REYNOLDS,Commanding Defenses of News Orleans, Present:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that General McGinnis' (Third, Thirteenth Army Corps) division be immediately and as quietly as practicable withdrawn from Madisonville to this city, preparatory to taking the field in another direction.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

PORT HUDSON, LA., February 23, 1864. (Received 9.30 a. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE:

Colonel Fonda, of the cavalry, went with his force to Bayou Sara yesterday. He received one shell from the gun-boats before they discovered what his force was. Captured a rebel colonel. No considerable force of the enemy to be heard of in any direction.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General.

