
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF ARKANSAS, ETC., Numbers 9. Little Rock, Ark., February 23, 1864.

The duty of collecting and organizing fugitive and all other ablebodied negroes in this department capable of performing military duty is assigned to Colonel A. Cummings, Nineteenth Pennsylvania [Cavalry] Volunteers, and superintendent of troops of African descent for the State of Arkansas. Commanders of posts and detachments are directed to furnish Colonel Cummings, or officers acting under his orders, every possible facility for the execution of this important duty.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SEVENTH ARMY CORPS AND DEPT. OF ARK., Little Rock, February 23, 1864.

Brigadier General N. B. BUFORD,Commanding District of Eastern Arkansas:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of 15th instant is received. I hasten to express to you my entire confidence in your desire to do that which shall be for the best interest of the service, and doubt not whatever you may do will be done with a view to the enforcement of the laws and the speedy suppression of the rebellion. I deem it the province of the military to punish all infractions of the laws, and to bring to justice all who are working for the overthrow of our Government, either as soldiers in the rebel Army or by supplying rebels with clothing and sustenance.

At the same time I consider it the duty of the military to protect and encourage trade in conformity with the trade laws established by the Treasury Department. I have confidence in the integrity of General Ross, whom you mention in your letter, as a loyal citizen and a gentleman and one who has filled a position of honor and trust under our Government with credit to himself. In accordance with the spirit and tenor of the Treasury regulations, and especially the additional rules numbered, respectively, LI to LVI, inclusive, I desire every facility given to duly authorized traders and lawful trade to be encouraged and protected. I also desire that all engaged in illegal traffic with the enemy be dealt with most summarily.

I have the honor to be, very truly, yours,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Saint Louis, Mo., February 23, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with the verbal instructions of the major-general commanding, I have the honor respectfully to state that in my opinion one assistant provost-marshal for each of the following sub-districts and stations (in addition to one district provost-marshal

