
at the headquarters of each district except Saint Louis) will be sufficient for the proper administration of martial law in this department:

DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI.

First Sub-District: Macon, Chariton, Linn, Sullivan, Putnam, Schuyler, and Adair Couties; headquarters at Macon City; district provost-marshal.

Second Sub-District: Marion, Shelby, Know, Lewis, Clark, Scotland, and Ralls Counties; headquarters at Hannibal, Mo.

Third Sub-District: Audrain, Boone, Howard, Randolph, Monroe, and Pike Counties; headquarters at Mexico, Mo.

Fourth Sub-District: Saint Charles, Lincoln, Warren, Pike, and Montgomery Counties; headquarters at Troy, Mo.

Fifth Sub-District: Livingston, Grundy, Mercer, Carroll, Ray, Caldwell, Daviess, and Harrison Counties; headquarters at Chillicothe, Mo.

Sixth Sub-District: Buchanan, Andrew, Holt Atchison, Gentry, De Kalb, and Clinton Counties; headquarters at Saint Joseph, Mo.

Seventh Sub-District: Clay and Platte Couties; headquarters at Libery, Mo.

Eight Sub-District: Cavalry and part of Boone County; headquarters at Fulton, Mo.

CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI.

First Sub-District: Osage, Cole, Miller, Camden, and that part of the district east of those counties; headquarters at Jefferson City, Mo.

Second Sub-district: Morgan, Moniteau, and Cooper Counties; headquarters at Tipton, Mo.

Third Sub-District: Saline, Pettis, Benton, and Hickory Counties; headquarters at Sedalia, Mo.

Fourth Sub-District: Johnson and La Fayette Counteis; headquarters at Warrensburg; district provost-marshal.

Fifth Sub-District: Jackson and Cass Counties; headquarters at Kansas City.

Sixth Sub-District: Henry, Bates, and Saint Clair Counties; headquarters at Clinton, Mo.

DISTRICT OF ROLLA, MO.

Rolla, headquarters district provost-marshall; Houston, office of assistant provost-marshal.

DISTRICT OF SAINT LOUIS.

Saint Louis, office of provost-marshal; Cape Girardeau, office assistant provost-marshal.

Making 18 assistant and 4 district provost-marshals.

There are now on duty as district provost-marshals 3, and as assistant provost-marshals 16 officers of the U. S. service and 3 officers of the Enrolled Missouri Militia. Of the 28 assistant provost-marshals, whose jurisdiction extends only to the recruiting colored volunteers, all but 3 are either citizens or officers of the Enrolled Missouri Militia not in service. I would urgently recommend that as soon as practicable officers of the U. S. service be detailed to relieve the 3

