HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Warrensburg, Mo., February 24, 1864.

H. K. DAVIS, Esq., Lexington:

MY DEAR DAVIS: Yours of the 22nd has been received. I have not thought of making any change in the command at Lexington, and do not intend to do so if the troops and people are satisfied with each other. There are a few bushwhackers in the western borders of La Fayette Country, but I shall make it too warm for them. I have letters from the border stating that there is a persistent effort making to have those counties back into Kansas District. It is probably the work of a few malcontents, and I do not think it will result in anything. Probably the land speculators and robbers are at the bottom of it. They desire an opportunity to purchase cheap farms and plunder the west tier of counties. I shall go to Cass County to-morrow.

I am, very truly, yours,E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

NEW ORLEANS, February 25, 1864.

To the President of the United States:

* * * * * * *

On the 5th of March I expect to move in co-operation with Generals Steele and Sherman, or as soon as they may be ready, one or both. My own force is not sufficient to execute the orders of the War Department without the assistance of one or both. We are ready and impatient, expecting daily the word of command from either General Steele or General Sherman.

A considerable number of troops have arrived here, fully enough to compensate for the loss we sustain by furloughs for veteran regiments. Our campaign will be decisive and successful.*

I have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 25, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of February 4 is received. My allusion to the expectations entertained of instructions from Washington, to which it refers, relates to the paragraph of your dispatch of January 4, which says that-

So long as your plans are not positively decided upon no definite instructions can be given to Generals sherman and Steele.

I replied immediately upon receiving this dispatch that I would be ready to move in conjunction with Generals Sherman and Steele

---------------

*This letter relates mainly to the election in Louisiana, February 22, and will be published in full in Series III.

---------------

