
government as as any other portion of the country. The officers that are elected are men, beyond any possible question, faithful to the Government of the United States and the administration. On the acceptance of the constitution the vote of the State for the territory we occupy. I regard the change which has taken place in this state since January, 1863, as without parallel in history.

I have the honor to be, whit much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 50. New Orleans, La., February 25, 1864.

* * * * * *

15. The Sixtieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, instead of proceeding to Franklin, La., as heretofore ordered, will remain at algiers, and be reported to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding the defenses of New Orleans, for the purpose of completing its re-enlistment as a veteran regiment.

* * * * * *

21. I. Battery E, Second Illinois Artillery, will proceed from Baton Fouge to Plaquemine, and be reported to the commanding officer for duty, to relieve the Second Ohio Battery.

II. The Second Ohio Battery, on being relieved by Battery E, Second Illinois Artillery, will proceed to Algiers and be reported for duty to the commander of the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

III. The Second Connecticut Battery will proceed to Brashear City, and be reported to the commanding officer to relieve the First Vermont Battery.

IV. The First Vermont Battery, on being relieved by the Second Connecticut Battery, will proceed to Franklin, La., and be reported for duty to the major-general commanding the Nineteenth Army Corps.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT JACKSON, February 25, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Brigadier General R. ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery:

The work of mounting guns and repairs in the fortifications progresses rapidly, but the rubbish is so deep and universal I scarcely know where to begin. Ten days or two weeks, however, will suffice to change the entire aspect of everything.

J. TARBELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

27 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

