
and returns forward to you have been made up. as I am informed, from the latest data received here, but this method cannot fail to give an incorrect showing of the condition of the command. The reports used here as a basis for reports to you are in some instance many weeks and even months old.

The frequent and urgent calls made upon these detached troops for their regular reports have been disregarded under color of authority from department headquarters. I desire, therefore, to be specifically informed whether I am to consider the organizations mentioned above as only temporarily separated from the corps, and whether or not I shall enforce the rendition of their regular reposts and returns. As an additional illustration of the embarrassments under which we labor, I inclose a copy of a communication received this day from Brigadier General M. K. Lawler. It is desirable that all orders changing the organization of the corps, detaching or separating troops from it, or changing the station of any part of it should be made through the headquarters, so that I may be enabled to keep the run of it in these respects. The tri-monthly for the 10th instant has been corrected by Major-General Ord, and is herewith inclosed.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAMD,

Major-General, Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

Organization of the Thirteenth Army Corps August 31, 1863.

FIRST DIVISION.

First Brigade.

8th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

18th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

33rd Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

99th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

1st Indiana Battery.

Third Brigade.

49th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

69th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

118th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

120th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

7th Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

7th Michigan Battery.

Second Brigade.

11th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.

21st Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

22nd Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

23rd Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Peoria Battery.

Fourth Brigade.

16th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

22nd Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

42nd Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

54th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

114th Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

1st Wisconsin Battery.

SECOND DIVISION.

First Brigade.

20th Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

34th Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

38th Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

26th Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

37th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Company E, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Company F, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Second Brigade.

94th Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

91st Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

20th Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.

19th Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

Company B, First Missouri Light Artillery.

