
at one time hoped that you might co-operate with General Banks in holding that line, and thus secure Arkansas and Missouri from further rebel raids. But when General Banks changed his plan of operations to the Gulf coast, an advance on your part would have been extremely perilous, and you acted wisely in occupying the defensive position of the Arkansas. It is hopped that measures may hereafter be concerted between yourself, General Sherman, and General Banks to drive the enemy entirely out of Arkansas and then occupy the line of Red River, whacks shorter and probably easier of defense. In the mean time I presume all your present forces will be required to hold your present line of defense, and to prevent rebel raids north of the Arkansas. You will please to communicate frequently with these headquarters, giving as full information as possible of the condition of affairs in your department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 7, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE:

An order has been issued creating the Department of Kansas to be commanded by General Curtis. When the order is received and General Curtis is ready to assume command issue the necessary orders transferring that command to him. Send the Second Colorado Cavalry, to occupy Jackson, Cass, and Bates Counties, Mo. and send the Kansas troops into the new Department of Kansas. When this is accomplished transfer the counties of Missouri now in General Ewing's district to General Brown's district, and order General Ewing with his staff to report to General Curtis.

JNO. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 7, 1864.

General A. J. SMITH,

Columbus, Ky., via Cairo, Ill:

The Twenty-fifth Missouri Volunteers has been consolidated with the Engineer Regiment of the West, and the new regiment is placed under the command of General Grant. You can retain such of the Twenty-fifth as are with you until further orders. Retain the Third Indiana Battery for present.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

By O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Jefferson City, January 7, 1864.

I. General Orders, Numbers 62., series 1863, from these headquarters is hereby modified so as to permit sales of liqueurs by the proprietors of hotels, druggists, and regular practicing physicians within the dis-

