
report to the general commanding the district. In case your rations are exhausted before you can return, which is very probable, you are authorized to demand of the commanding officer of any station or post west of Springfield necessary rations for your men, giving him receipt for the same, in order that he may drew the same amount from the commissary of subsistence at Springfield, Mo.

By direction of the general commanding the district:

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON, FLAG-SHIP BALCK HAWK, Vicksburg, February 26, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I arrived here to-day to meet General sherman, who promised to be here on the 25th. I had no idea he would be here. I am prepared when he comes to ascend the Red River with a large fleet of gun-boats, and if he fails to get here shall be prepared to cooperate whit you at any time when the water is high enough. I do not think General Steele will be able to move unless his quartermasters show more energy. At present half his supplies are blocked up in Arkansas River, with low water, and some of his transports sunk on snags. So much for going into a river when I informed them the navigation was impracticable.

The prospects for high water are poor just now, but by the latter part of March we must have rains above, and there is deep snow on the mountains. I should be happy to hear from you when convenient. The rebels have fortified Fort De Russy with one 9-inch, three 32-pounders, and one 60-pounder rifle, which can be taken from the rear. I have such a force that I don't think any of the Red River forts can stand it long when it comes to a bombardment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.

P. S.-When last heard from General sherman was at Enterprise.

PORT HUDSON, LA., February 26, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing of importance to report this evening. The enemy seem to have nearly abandoned this vicinity at present.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 51. New Orleans, La., February 26, 1864.

1. Lieutenant Colonel S. W. Stryker, Eighteenth New York Cavalry, having reported at these headquarters with 420 men of his regiment, will report to Brigadier-General Lee, chief of cavalry.

* * * * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

