
numbers band of the enemy be either captured or driven out. Jacksonport is important to me as a depot, and should be occupied by infantry, supported by a battalion of cavalry, which I can furnish from the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, provided the infantry could be obtained.

Searcy is only important from the fact that it would facilitate communication with Little Rock, and at the same time be an excellent point from which to strike the bands of the enemy conscripting the inhabitants along Red River, and in preventing communication across White River. You can assure the major-general commanding that I will never surrender Batesville. My own regiment will die to a man before we suffer disgrace. I have no confidence in the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry or Fourth Arkansas Infantry. They have not been under fire enough to stand the burning of villainous saltpeter. I have made a series of demonstrations since my last, compelling the enemy to fall back across Black River. I have cleaned out the country immediately west of me, and now hold the enemy across Black River and in neighborhood of Devil's Fork, on Red River, to which latter point I sent a force last night consisting of 200 Fourth Arkansas, under command of Colonel E. Baxter. I have succeeded in recapturing 16 of the wagons captured by the enemy, and hope by the middle of next week to retake the greater portion of my mules.

This command has no rest whatever; I keep them so constantly busy that the horses are breaking down and I am compelled to press horses into service, always endeavoring to take them from the prominently disloyal, and even in their cases leaving stock enough to work their farms. I am very anxious that Jacksonsport be occupied, and if the major-general commanding could send a battalion of infantry to that point, I will send a battalion of cavalry there and use it as a depot of supplies. White River is fordable at nearly all the old fords between here and Jacksonport, and unless we have rains soon it will be lower than it is. My commissary stores will carry me to the 1st of April next, and if the detachment Eleventh Missouri Cavalry ordered to join me has not received counter orders from General Rosecrans, I shall have to put the men down to short rations on its arrival here. Rest perfectly easy about me. I will hold this place until relieved by orders of my superiors. The only difficulty I experience is in being compelled to keep my forces out of this station for foraging purposes, but I am equal to the emergency now and all the time.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel, Commanding District.

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., February 26, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

Asst. Adjt. General, 7th A. C. Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request that permission be granted me to exchange prisoners with the enemy in this district. When my men are captured by the enemy he invariably returns them very promptly, and under the instructions of Major-General Schofield, wherein considerable latitude was allowed my judgment, owing to

