
being in a great measure thrown on my own resources, I have exchanged with him, in accordance whit the cartel published in General Orders, Numbers 142, series 1862, War Department. I now have 6 of my men under parole to be exchanged for Captain Rutherford, sent to you on the steamer Dove on 10th instant. I promised Captain George W. Rutherford that I would apply for the exchange of his brother James, now your prisoner, but did not assure him of his release. If the major-general commanding deems it best I will try and capture enough of the enemy before long to get even. I now owe the enemy 27 privates. One good raid on him will more than balance our exchange account.

If I am permitted to pursue this plan it will restore my men to duty infinitely more promptly than by waiting for a formal exchange through the commissioners. I keep a detailed record of all matters of this kind, having a regular debit and credit account. Have the kindness to representant this matter to the major-general commanding and inform me of his decision, and also whether he will return Captain James Rutherford to the enemy or not.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

CAIRO, ILL., February 26, 1864.

(Received 5.10 p. m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President United States:

I desire to come to Washington. I have facts to lay before the Judge-Advocate-General. I have been relieved of a command I had formed, and no reason assigned known to me.

I have to send you the following telegram from Governor Murphy. I did not send it from Little Rock because I did not wish to add to your anxiety about the discords there:

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 15, 1864.

A. LINCOL,

President United States:

General Davidson is a true man and soldier, a patriot whom the unconditional Union men of Arkansas trust with unlimited confidence. Any action against him will be against the Union element here and against your own policy; this an investigation will show.

ISAAC MURPHY,

Provisional Governor of Arkansas.

I cannot do duty with honor until this question of the insult put upon me by General Steele be investigated.

With high respect,

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

CAIRO, ILL., February 26, 1864.

(Received 5.20 p. m.)

CHIEF OF CAVALRY BUREAU,

Washington, D. C.:

I report as per order of General-in-Chief of January 30. I want to come to Washington. I cannot do duty whit honor until the

