
trict. Permits to import liquors will be granted by the assistant provost-marshals, and approved by the sub-district commander, they being responsible that permits are not given to parties liable to abuse the same. The U. s. Treasury agent at Saint Louis will be furnished from these headquarters with a roster of assistant provost-marshals and commanding officers authorized to grant permits.

The commanding general deems it unnecessary to do more than call the attention of all concerned to the orders issued from the War Department, department, and district headquarters, prohibitiling the sale of liqueurs to soldiers. After the 20th instant, all liquors found in the possession of dealers other than the parties hereby authorized to keep and sell the some will be seized by the sub-district commanders and turned over to the nearest post commissary for issue to the troops, as prescribed in paragraph 1205, Revised Army Regulations.

II. The shipment and exportation of forage from this district except on account of the Government is here by prohibited. Railroad agents and agents of steamers plying within this district will act accordingly. The assistant provost-marshals within this district will seize and turn over to the nearest post quartermaster all forage shipped in violation of this order.

By order of Brigadier-General:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, January 7, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Commanding Second Sub-District:

COLONEL: The policy of the general commanding the department to allow the importation and sale of arms to citizens will be construed liberally, so as to enable all well-disposed citizens to protect themselves. The quantity should not be so great as to endanger the loyal people, or that it would be an inducement to sent to the enemy, but every good citizen should be permitted to have sufficient for his own defense.

I am, truly, yours,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

FORT SMITH, ARK., January 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Deserters are arriving in numbers from the rebel army. We have advices from Red River to December 25. Gano's command has returned to Laynesport. General Steele has been superseded by General Maxey. A movements is generally anticipated in the enemy's camp, I cannot find out in what direction.

JOHN McNEIL,

Brigadier-General.

