HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, February 27, 1864.

Major General W. B. FRANKLIN,Commanding Nineteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Maine Regiments are to be assigned to the Nineteenth Army Corps. Let both be temporarily attached to the First Division.

By command of Major-General Banks:

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

U. S. IRON-CLAD RAM EASTPORT, February 27, 1864.

Major-General STEELE, U. S. Army,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock:

GENERAL: I have arranged that there shall be three gun-boats to convoy steamers in White River and two in the Arkansas. Captain Prichett is specially charged whit directing this service, and has orders whenever there is water in the Arkansas to push transports up it, and always to hold vessels in readiness for this service, as well as to convoy foraging vessels, and, when not conflicting with public service, private ones. When gun-boats are disabled or taken for other purposes he will send the transports up White River on their regular trips without convoy, as this no doubt may be done at times with safety, when it would be exceeding unsafe to do it habitually.

I could capture the best boat ever on the river any trip she might make, without artillery, with a dozen determined men, well provided, and we should look to such enterprises on the part of the enemy. The narrow and crooked character of the river affords great facilities for such undertakings. With this detail of gun-boats (and more will be provided if necessary in a short time), it is believed that boats may leave the "mouth" and the "bluff" with regularity every other day. I shall be glad to hear from you whenever there is any additional force required, or a change would be beneficial, or any kind of co-operation necessary to further your designs. One cause of irregularity and delay, arising from broken-down steamers, will now be obviated, as a regular line of staunch vessels is established to run to the bluff.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. L. PHELPS,

Lieutenant Commanding, Commanding Sixth Div., Mississippi Squadron.
HEADQUARTERS COMMAND OF NORTHERN ARKANSAS, Jackson Country, Ark., February 27, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LOVINGSTON,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Northeastern Arkansas:

COLONEL: I learn through some of my men lately exchanged by you that you have some of the men belonging to Captain Little's company, to wit, John Roder and others, now prisoners in your hands, sentenced to death as bushwhackers. Captain Little's com-

