
pany is a regular company, and has been since October last acting under my orders, and therefore he and his men are entitled to be treated as prisoners of war.

In no case have I encouraged what is termed bushwhacking by citizens or lawless bands of marauders, but have and am making every effort to suppress those lawless bands of marauders, but have and am making every effort to suppress those lawless bands of robbers with which this country is now cursed. There is nothing I more deprecate than to carry on war other than as a civilized people, but if regular soldiers of the Confederate States, when captured, are put to death as outlaws, I will, as far as lies in my power, retaliate. Trusting that you have been acting under a misapprehension as to Captain Little, and that his men now in your hands receive the treatment due them as prisoners of war,

I remain, respectfully,

D. McRAE,

Brigadier General, Commanding C. S. Forces, Northern Arkansas.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 27, 1864-11.04 a. m.

Brigadier General J. W. DAVIDSON,

Cairo:

Your application to the President, not sent through the proper channels, to come to Washington is not granted.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAIRO, February 27, 1864.

(Received 2.30 a. m., 28th.)

General HALLECK:

My dispatch was sent to the sent to the President direct because it contained a special telegram to him from the Provisional Governor of Arkansas. Have you seen Steele's personal letter in the papers, in violation of paragraph 220? Don't condemn me unheard, when I have checked my desire for private redress.

J. W. DAVIDSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 31. Saint Louis, Mo., February 27, 1864.

In accordance with telegraphic instructions from the War Department, it is hereby ordered that no more recruits for the Missouri State Militia be mustered into U. S. service. All officers and enlisted men on recruiting service for this force are hereby relieved from such duty, and will rejoin their commands without delay. Immediately upon receipt of this order the commanding officer of each regiment of the Missouri State Militia will report, through his military superior, to these headquarters, the names of all officers and men of his regiment on recruiting service and their stations.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

28 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

