
work done by the negroes is a regular hexagon redoubt of 140 feet for one front, consequently with a fire-line of 840 feet; the whole mass of earth (rather a little rocky) dug out and filled up is about 150,000 cubic feet. It will take a regular organized force of 220 men (the number of negroes employed and accounted for on the rolls) about twenty days to finish the redoubt, while the negroes, according to the rolls, have been working about seventy days in average. But considering all other circumstances, erecting a refle-pit of 750 feet in length, excavating a well of 50 feet depth, digging a large powder magazine, erecting an extensive stockade around the prison, &amp;c., I think it just to pay the negroes so usefully and advantageously employed. I never received any reports as to the employment of the negroes; only the fact that a fort had been erected at Pilot Knob was now to me, and therefore I cannot approve and testify any of these rolls.

I have the honor to be, major, your obedient servant,

WM. HOELCKE,

Captain and Add. Aide-de-Camp, Chief Eng., Dept. of the Mo.

CAPE GIRERDEAU, February 27, 1864.

General FISK:

Commanding:

J. M. McGuire has shipped to this post 5 kegs powder and a large lot of whisky to take out to Jackson for sale. He says, in answer to my inquiry as to who granted permit, that he was told in Saint Louis no permits were necessary. Is this so? What shall be done in the case? I have retained the powder. I do not think it safe to allow powder to come into this country, where there is no military post to control sales.

JOHN B. ROGERS,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, February 27, 1864.

Colonel JOHN B. ROBERS,Cape Girardeau:

Who sold the powder to go to Jackson? You will have to put the screws on tight, or we shall soon have a rebel arsenal and magazine in Southeast Missouri.

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, February 27, 1864.

General FISK:

McGuire bought the powder from Moody, Mitchell & Colonel, Saint Louis. Cannot you prevent such shipments or permits there by an order? It will be bad if it is not soon and efficiently stopped. I have seized the powder.

JOHN B. ROGERS,

Commanding.

