
on the border in Cass and Bates Counties, Mo., and in the border counties of Arkansas, I confess the public apprehension of danger is well founded. Besides, only a few days since, Captain Coleman, of the Ninth kansas, fought about 100 of these bushwhackers in the Sni Hills, where Quantrill rallied the forces which made the last raid.

I have passed over ruined towns, and the ravaged and ruined country, heard the story of Kansas suffering, and witnessed the sights and tears of the people. I have seen much of the havoc of war, but nothing so cruel and horrible as the devastations here. See the printed presentation of one neighborhood, which is no doubt true: First. Gardner sacked by guerrillas and about $10,000 worth of property taken away. Second. Loathe taken by Quantrill with about 200 men; property to the amount of $25,000 taken away or destroyed and 16 of her best citizens cruelly murdered. Third. Shawnee sacked; sixteen business houses burned, and 6 men killed. Fourth. Springfield sacked; amount of damages unknown. Fifth. Shawnee retaken; eleven houses burned, property to a large amount carried away, and 2 men killed.

It is sickening and painful. The people are devoted, innocent, patient lovers of our institutions, and they have turned out and fought bravely, as I can attest, on many battle-fields. But they have been denounced, destructed, and, I say it with sorrow and shame, they have been cruelly neglected. The atrocities which have been committed have not been so avenged as to discourage a repetition, but the villains who have perpetrated the horrid crimes against all civilized and savage warfare have escaped with such success as to invite repetition. I know irregularities have occurred among Kansas troops and Kansas organizations, and I suppose these things have caused indifference or even hostility where earnest sympathy should never weary, but I hope and pray, Mr. Secretary, that your active sympathies for this people amy secure them against further disasters. I make this appeal in the face of two orders which I here present:

FORTH SMITH, February 23, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

I have received the following orders from Major-General Steele:

"LITTLE ROCK, ARK., February 22, 1864.

"Brigadier-General THAYLER,

"Commanding District of the Frontier:

"By authority from the War Department the town of Fort Smith is included in the Department of Arkansas. You will designate your command the District of the Frontier. You can take your choice between the towns of Fort Smith and Van Buren for your headquarters.

"By order of Major General F. Steele:

"GEO. O. SOKALSKI,

"Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

J. M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 81. Washington, February 18, 1864.

I. The Ninth Kansas Cavalry will be placed en route to join the Department of Arkansas, Major-General Steele, U. S. Volunteers, commanding. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

