
Much of my cavalry must act far from settlements, where supplies are scarce and very dear. Every man and every regiment used should therefore have the very best arms and all the rams they can use to any advantage. I hope, therefore, you will not ask for regimental or company or special requisitions. The consequent delay will defeat my plan of early defenses. Large depot buildings have been erected near the new arsenal, the Government has ample room, and I beg of you that you will fill the requisition of Major McNutt from the Eastern depots, where they are not needed half so much as they are here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, February 27, 1864.

His Excellency Governor CARNEY:

GOVERNOR: A scout that has been out in the east part of the State and near the Grand River found some sighs of bushwhackers, and also heard that Dick Yeager and 5 others have gone out west to attack the Santa Fe road. He was seen, it is said, at a Mr. Lewis', on the Santa Fe road, about 20 miles from Lawrence. I wish your adjutant-general would put the citizen soldiers on their guard, and also on the lookout for mischief in that quarter. I shall also direct the officer at Lawrence to look after the rascals.

I am sorry to find an inclination seems to prevail at Washington to construe the words Fort Smith in my department order to mean only a stone inclosure at that place, thereby throwing nearly all the troops of that region beyond my command. I also find an order from General Halleck removing the Ninth Kansas to General Steele. You will perceive, Governor, that this construction and order weakens my force just when I think danger may be apprehended, and if you have any influence at Washington I wish you would use it to strengthen us on the eastern borders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 9. Fort Leavenworth, February 27, 1864.

I. Major General James G. Blunt, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby directed to resume command of so much of the District of the Frontier as is included within the boundaries of the Department of Kansas.

II. the following officers are announced as on the staff of the major-general commanidng, and will be addressed and obeyed accordingly:

Major T. J. Weed, additional aide-de-camp, commissary of musters.

Major B. S. Henning, Third Wisconsin Cavalry, chief of cavalry.

Major H. H. Heath, Seventh Iowa Cavalry, provost-marshal-general.

