
Captain J. McNutt, U. S. Army, chief of ordnance.

Captain M. H. Insley, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, chief quartermaster.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

JOHN WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, February 27, 1864.

Captain E. G. Ross,Eleventh Kansas Cavalry, Commanding at Lawrence:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by General Curtis to inform you that one Dick Yeager was sen with 5 or 6 companions about 20 miles south of Lawrence at the house of a man named Lewis, en route west, with the intention of attacking and robbing the Santa Fe mail coach. This occurred about a week since. The general directs that you inquire into the matter, and, if possible, arrest the parties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Acting Judge-Advocate.

[FEBRUARY 28, 1864-For Sherman to Buskalnd, Hurlbut, and McPherson, see Vol. XXXII, Part II, pp. 491, 493.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, Ark., February 28, 1864.

Major Ben. N. P. BANKS,Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: When my letter to you was written, I did not anticipate being called upon to move at so early a day as that named in your dispatch; while the obstacles with which I should have to contend, there alluded to, still exist, in addition to others which have since arisen. Several of my veteran regiments are on furlough and several others demand that the promises under which they enlisted shall be fulfilled. An election of State officers is ordered for the 14th proximo, and the President is very anxious it should be a success. Without the assistance of the troops to distribute the pollbook, with the oath of allegiance, and to protect the voters at the polls, it cannot succeed.

It is reported already that the rebels contemplate making a dash for the purpose of breaking up the election. They have a large mounted force, and their horses are represented to be in fine condition. They have just received a re-enforcement to their stock from Texas. I could not now concentrate anything like the force named in my former letter; and if I should move by way of Monroe, with the principal part of my command, it would leave Missouri open to another cavalry raid, and I think the rebels would certainly take advantage of it. They supposed that Sherman's expedition was projected against them, and it caused quite a stampede among them.

