
destroyed it would be a great service to the country. The Government has offered $5,000 for his recapture. It would be a good job for McManus.

I have the honor to remain, yours respectfully,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Mataforda, January 8, 1864.

Mr. T. P. McMANUS,

(Care of U. S. Vice-Consul, Moterey):

SIR: I have been gratified at hearing from you before I left Brownsville. As I have heard that the rebels have been following you with evil purposes, I have felt a little uneasy on your account. To be successful in your operations you must be secret and cunning as a fox, sudden and swift as a lark or eagle, and fierce as a panther. I shall rely on your to be discreet and discerning, taking care to hurt or harm none but our enemies, and to make all or friends to be pound and overjoyed at our approach.

I have left Major General F. J. Herron to command at Brownsville, and you will therefore communicate with him in detail, but I wish you to send to me at all times copies of all reports, and to write me when you can fully, freely, and frankly. I hope I shall always entertain toward you the same feelings I have at present, which arise from a hearty desire to aid a man in whom I think I have discovered the valuable qualities of patriotism and fidelity, generosity, and courage in his unselfish efforts to serve his cause and punish the enemies of his country. You had better communicate with me regularly by way of New Orleans, but if you can, be messenger who are shrewd, cunning, courageous, and intelligent, manage occasionally to send me information and advice through the country whilst I am operating in the counties of victoria, Matagorda, Brazoria, Harris, &amp;c., I shall appreciate the service and pay the bills.

With respect and my best wishes,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C., January 8, 1864.

Major General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &c., Chattanooga, Tenn.:

GENERAL: From the inclosed copy of a letter of instructions to Major-General Steele,* and from the published orders issued by the Adjutant-General of the Army, you will learn that General Steele's command in the Department of Arkansas has been placed under your orders. The main object of organizing the troops in the western theater of war into military departments and placing them under your orders is to give you the general military control, and at the same time relieve from the burden of official correspondence and office duty. If the whole were organized into a single department

---------------

*See Halleck, to Steele, p. 41

---------------

