
DONALDSONVILLE, LA., February 28, 1864.

(Received 7 p. m.)

Brigadier-General STONE:

The transportation of the Fourth Brigade Cavalry arrived here this evening. They are on their way to Bayou Teche. They intended to take the Brashear cut-off, but found it impassable. Will quiet here and at Plaquemine.

W. O. FISKE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES IN WESTERN LOUISIANA, Franklin, La., February 28, 1864.

The fast riding of Government horses in this command is a serious evil and must be corrected. Commanding officers of cavalry and artillery will adopt stringent measures to put a stop to this practice. No mounted enlisted man will be permitted to leave his camp without written permission from his division commander or from the chief of artillery if an artillery man, or from his brigade commander if a cavalryman. No riding will be permitted in the town of Franklin at a place faster than a walk, and none upon the road between Franklin and the cavalry camp at a pace faster than a trot.

Lieutenant-Colonel Carr, One hundred and sixty-fifth New York Volunteers, commanding town, will station a mounted picket during the day at the lower end of the town to examine all passes and to enforce these orders. colonel Lucas, sixteenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, commanding cavalry, will detail a trustworthy sergeant and 6 men to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Carr for this duty. Colonel Lucas will also station a chain of sentries along the road between his camp and the town of Franklin, with orders to prevent all riding at a pace faster than a trot. General officers, general staff officers on duty, and orderlies bearing dispatches are alone excepted from these orders.

By order of Major-General Franklin:

WICKHAM HOFFMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, February 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. B. IRWIN,Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: Brigadier-General Ransom, by telegraph from Berwick city, February 28, reports as follows:

My division is all her except two regiments to arrive by the steamer Alabama. I have no land transportation, and have reported this to Brigadier-General Stone, as ordered.

I have sent the following telegram in answer:

I understand that land transportation is being sent you from this city, by direction of Brigadier-General Stone.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General.

