
heard of a body of rebels, under Colonel Kitchen, who were reported to have been at Osceola on or about the 23rd instant. Citizens report them to number from 200 to 300. I suppose from 100 to 150 would be about the number. It seems to have been a concentration of guerrilla bands for the purpose of conscripting.

They crossed New River at Hornersville, in the southern part of Dunklin County, and were last heard from at that point. Colonel Kitchen is reported to have relieved General McRae. The command of Lieutenant Ralph could not cross the swamp and New and Little Rivers without wading and swimming 12 miles, therefore he thought it unadvisable to attempt it. This band could be broken up by an expedition from Cape Girardeau or Bloomfield. From the fact that our cavalry force is now reduced to 53 men for duty, no successful move can be made from this point. This and Pemiscot Counties are not at present troubled with guerrillas.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. RABB,

Major, Second Missouri Artillery, Commanding Post.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTH MO. STATE MIL. CAV., Salem, Mo., February 28, 1864.

Captain J. LOVELL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla District, Rolla, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders received from district headquarters of Rolla, I have the honor to transmit to you the following report of scouts and escort: On the 25th instant I sent Sergeant Stossberg and 6 men of Company C and 9 men of Company M to Rolla, Mo., to escort train of commissary to this post. They returned to this post on 27th instant, reporting everything queit along the road, traveling a distance of 50 miles.

On the 27th instant I sent Sergeant Picker and 5 men of Company M out on Dry Fork to ascertain all particulars about the York case; and scouting all over that neighborhood, returned to camp, traveling a distance of 40 miles, reporting all quiet. On the 26th instant sent Lieutenant Fisher and 7 men of Company C and S of Company M on scout in the direction of Current River; proceeded down the Gladden Valley, hearing or seeing no signs of any bushwhackers or guerrilla bands; proceeding on down, struck Current River, and scouting all over the country up and down the river, learning no information of any rebel movement, returned to camp on the 28th instant, traveling a distance of 80 miles, reporting all quiet.

Captain, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEVI E. WHYBARK,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.

HDQRS. DETACH. MO. STATE MIL. CAV., Houston, Mo., February 28, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as my report, required by General Orders, Numbers 23, from headquarters District of Rolla, for the week ending February 28, 1864. On the 23rd, Sergeant Rothgeb, Company B, with 10 men started on a scout in the direc-

