
tion of Thomasville. They returned on the 26th, having marched about 80 miles; discovered nothing worthy of note. Also, on the same day, Lieutenant Yates, Company K, with 15 men, started in a southwesterly direction toward the Mountain Store, and after traveling about 80 miles, returned to this place on the 27th, without discovering anything worthy of attention excepting the certainty of 15 or 20 bushwhackers being on the Springfield road. Also, Sergeant McDowell, with 15 men, went north in the direction of Waynesville and scouted through the country a distance of about 100 miles and get information that a squad of guerrillas had gone westward on the Springfield road with the intention of capturing trains. Also Sergeant Lowe, with a squad of 6 men, reconnoitered in a southerly direction about 20 miles and saw no signs of an enemy.

Lieutenant Hillerich, Company G, returned from Rolla with a supply train on the 26th with 23 men. Captain Bracher and Lieutenant Dugan, Company G, left this post in charge of supply train, returning to Rolla on the 27th with 20 men. Captain, it is impossible to keep scouts out over twenty-four hours from this post in any direction, as the country is completely bare of forage until you near the Arkansas line.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

R. MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding Detachment.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST., DIST. CENTRAL MISSOURI, February 28, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Inclosed I have the honor to transmit to your headquarters copies of instructions given to Major J. N. Smith, commanding station at Independence, Mo., Major J. L. Pritchard, commanding station at Harrisonville, Mo., and Captain Green, commanding station at Westport, Mo.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH SUB-DISTRICT, Kansas City, Mo., February 23, 1864.

Major J. N. SMITH,

Commanding Station, Independence, Mo.:

First. The towns and populous districts will be expected to afford their own protection, being organized into companies and armed; small guards at those points will be given in addition to this.

Second. The cavalry or any other troops will be as much as possible on the move, scouting the more hilly portions of the district, more especially the hilly country about the head of Blue, Fire Creek, the Sni, and Hickman Mills; daily scouts and excursions should be made, dismounted cavalry and infantry used to scour the more inaccessible and bushy parts of the country. Citizens, guides, and scouts to be attached to each squadron, so as to be able to move at any hour, and advise of all guerrilla movements.

Third. All possible protection to be given to workmen, &amp;c., who are or who may hereafter be employed on the Pacific Railroad, small guards to protect quarters of operators and the railroad property, points where heavy work is done to be made stations from which patrols, &c., will be sent out.

