
Fourth. Resettlements of the country and restoration of civil law will be the especial care of the sub-district commander. The civil officers shall be encouraged to perform their duties efficiently; the troops to assist them in every case. General Orders, Numbers 63, series 1863, gives the necessary instructions when the officers of the civil law will be interfered with.

Fifth. The passions of the people on the border must be allayed; the people of Kansas must be protected by preventing the organization of guerrilla bands in the border counties, for the purpose of making raids into Kansas, by keeping the country constantly patrolled; this can be done. The people in the country must be treated with kindness consistent with the efficient discharge of their duties by officers and men.

Sixth. In an energetic discharge of your duties a severe course will have to be taken toward the robbers and bushwhackers and guerrillas who infest the country. The orders of the War Department, Department of Missouri, and District of Central Missouri headquarters are sufficient guides for action. A few examples will correct the evils that exist in the border counties.

The above paragraphs are taken from the written instructions of the general commanding the District of Central Missouri; but in addition to them the colonel commanding the Fourth Sub-District enjoins upon all commanders of stations, squadrons, companies, scouts, or patrols to maintain strict and just discipline among the men, to forbid and effectually prevent plundering or pilfering in any shape whatever, and the wanton or indiscriminate seizure or destruction of property by illegal processes or without the authority of competent commanding officers.

The regimental orders on the proper conduct of officers and men in their frequent and continued intercourse with the different sections of the district will be strictly enforced. Commanding officers of squadrons and stations will see that the cavalry horses and equipments are well cared for an kept up to the maximum of efficiency. In the arduous and continued service to which men and horses will necessarily be subject on the border increased vigilance is necessary for both officers and men to maintain their horses in good condition, upon which their usefulness depends. The patrolling from the different posts will be done under a regular and systematic plan, so that the more inaccessible portions of the country may be successively examined and constantly patrolled, taking care, however, in not always traveling by exactly the same points, and thus in the brush decreasing the chances of ambush from guerrilla parties. The commanders of stations will take particular care that they and their subordinates acquire a perfect knowledge of the country, its resources in forage, its covers, forests, hiding places for marauding parties, fords, and in particular the roads from each station.

They should pay special attention to the home-guard militia when organized at their stations, that good and efficient arms and loyal men alone are so enrolled; that they do a share of the defense of their homes and property at the different villages. The employment of guides, spies, and scouts from among citizens must be made with great care, as in some instances the fate of the commands under their guidance is dependent upon them. When employed for scouts, spies, or guides their compensation will be made in accordance with the directions of Major-General Brown, who will prescribe their payment and rate of compensation.

The patrolling and scouting from your station of Independence will be mainly directed toward the north, northeast, and east part of Jackson County, from the Blue eastward, and to Sibley, &amp;c. The patrolling of the country from Hickman Mills toward Independence will be mostly done from that point, unless you have cause to sus-

