
conspicuous in restoring civil order is praiseworthy; but threats of using the law to harass those who stood by both Constitution and law in their hour of peril, at the risk of life, excite local animosities, weaken the arm, and retard the re-establishment of civil law.

To prevent these evils, the general commanding enjoined on all good citizens to abstain from using threats of prosecuting officers and soldiers for their acts while in military service.

II. All such prosecutions are prohibited except by consent of the commander of the district in which the prosecution is commenced, or by consent of higher military authority, which will always be granted when consistent with the ends of justice and interest of the service.

III. While this prohibition exists, the general commanding directs all officers acting under authority of officers of the provost-marshal's department, and all commanders of troops, to observe and exact a strict regard for laws of the land, as well as those of the military service, and it is enjoined on them to strengthen and aid the civil law in all cases where it can be done without defeating the ends of justice or conflicting with military authority over those in the military service.

IV. District commanders and provost-marshals will cause wrongs done to citizens by persons in the military service to be promptly investigated, and justice to be done without delay, consulting with and reporting for orders, where necessary, from these headquarters.

V. Officers and soldiers are reminded that their functions being to establish law and justice against armed opposition too strong for the officers of the civil power, their uniform becomes a sacred badge, and whoever, wearing it, commits or permits wrong and outrage to persons or property stains that badge and stabs the country he professes to serve. Military power is a trust more sacred and honorable than a trust of property. He who misuses this power to gratify or benefit himself is more guilty and dishonorable than the violators of a pecuniary trust. Impartial justice and the strictest regard for private rights, especially for the rights of the weak and defenseless, are therefore the duty and the glory of the true, patriotic soldier. They are also the marks of true nobility and courage, while cruelty and injustice are the sure badges of baseness and cowardice.

VI. The general commanding asks and expects the officers and soldiers of his command to behave as becomes their nation and profession.

VII. Their attention is called to the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 63, of July 7, 1863, from these headquarters,* which will be read at the head of each company on receipt of this order.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CLARK COUNTY, MO., February 29, 1864.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

We, the undersigned, loyal citizens of Clark County, would respectfully represent that, apprehending difficulties in the ap-

---------------

*See Vol. XXII, Part II, p. 357.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

