
proaching spring from guerrillas and returned rebels from the rebel army, and being desirous to prevent any such calamity again occurring, would suggest that this county be continued under the jurisdiction of J. M. Hyatt, esq., provost-marshal-general of the borders of Iowa and Missouri. Our proximity to Keokuk, the past assistance we have received from them, the mutual good understanding existing between us, and the confidence we have in the present incumbent in office, all induce us to desire the continuance of our former connection with him. And should we be attached to the Hannibal district much inconvenience to the loyal people would be experienced, being distant 60 miles, whilst at Keokuk we are but 5 miles distant, and [with] easy facilities for communication. The foregoing, with many other good and cogent reasons, induce us to prefer this request.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. J. McDANIEL.

[And 61 other citizens.]

[Indorsement.]

Colonel GREENE:

I can find no order or other authority appointing this gentleman provost-marshal. If such authority emanated from these headquarters, I would respectfully suggest that the parties be more explicit in regard to it.

R. A. PHELAN,

Lieutenant, &c.

CIRCULAR.] JEFFERSON CITY, MO., February 29, 1864.

Officers and Soldiers of the First Cav., Missouri State Militia:

The following communication* having been received from the commanding officer of the district, I, as your commanding officer, take great pleasure in communicating to you the thanks and gratitude of your commanding general. Fellow-soldiers, it is to you for the faithful discharge of your duties that the credit and honor belong. It is true that in military matters there must be some one to command, but, soldiers, it is just as true that, to be effective, commands must be promptly obeyed and orders strictly carried out, and it is your promptness and faithful discharge of your duties that has enabled me to discharge my duties so satisfactorily to the commanding general of the district. Officers and soldiers of the First, for your kind treatment and the prompt, cheerful, and soldierly manner in which you have executed and obeyed all my commands, you have my most sincere thanks, and rest assured that wherever duty to my country calls me, the officers and soldiers of the First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, will never be forgotten.

Hoping soon to be with you again to share your toils and dangers, I am, very respectfully,

B. F. LAZEAR,

Lieutenant-Colonel First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia.

---------------

*See Steger to Lazear, February 20, p. 386.

---------------

