
ceived furloughs for re-enlisting in the veteran regiments that it is hardly possible at present to make such detachments. Moreover, it is quite probably that a portion of the Potomac Rive will be frozen over, and a brigade of ice be thus formed from Virginia to Maryland. If so, a large land force will be required to take the place of the Potomac flotilla in preventing raids and contraband trade. As an interchange of views on the present condition of affairs and the coming campaign will be advantageous, I hope you will write me freely and fully your opinion on these matters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., January 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General ARNOLD,

Chief of Artillery:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Dwight reports that the placing of the new armament in position at Fort Jackson does not progress favorably. Please inform me how much has been done and whether addition orders from these headquarters can expedite matters there.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,*

C. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

NEW ORLEANS, LA., January 8, 1864.

[General C. P. STONE:]

GENERAL: Everything waits the completion of bridges across the ditches. Colonel Dwight informed me to-day that he noticed the one across the main ditch was completed, but the second, across the inner one, not commenced. While at Fort Jackson on a general courtial, he heard that the work was delayed for want of timber. This matter is wholly, in the hands of the engineers, and they have agreed notify me when the mounting of the guns could commence. I have made all the preliminary arrangements for mounting these guns. I think you will find upon inquiry that the quartermaster's department has not been able to supply the necessary materials.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RICHARD ARNOLD,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

DONALDSONVILLE, LA., January 8, 1864-5 p. m.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: The First Indiana Battery left here to-day at noon on transport Laurel Hill for New Orleans. Everything is quiet. The telegraph has not been working for the past two days until this afternoon.

W. O. FISKE.

Colonel, Commanding.

---------------

*Similar note to Major D. C. Huston, chief engineer.

---------------

