HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, New Orleans, La., March 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I received a dispatch from Major-General Herron last evening, dated at Brownsville, Tex., on the 23rd ultimo. He informs me that--

Colonel Ford has reached Fort Ewell, where he has established headquarters, with a depot for supplies, and is making desperate efforts to raise a force sufficient to warrant himn in attacking this place. He (Ford) is receiving aid from all the cotton factors at Matamoras. If the spring season was a little further advanced, I (General Herron) would favor a movement against him (Ford).

With the approbation of the department commander, I will instruct General Herron to demand the interposition of the Mexican authorities at Matamoras to prevent aid to the rebels from that city. Other matters relating to supplies of medical and ordnance stores, and guns for our works at Brownsville and Brazos Santiago, referred to in the same dispatch, are here simply mentioned, but not as at present claiming the attention of department headquarters.

He also informs me that the Twenty-sixth Indiana Infantry and one of the batteries of his command have re-enlisted, and will go to New Orleans by the next steamer.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., March 1, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that the detachment of six squadrons Eleventh Regiment Missouri Cavalry Volunteers, ordered to report to me, by command of Major-General Schofield, 26th January last, have not been heard from since. It is my impression that the change of commanders in the Department of Missouri has caused the order to be revoked, and that they will not report. I make this statement for the information of the major-general commanding Department of Arkansas.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., March 1, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that a detachment of this command, sent out under command of Colonel E. Baxter, Fourth Arkansas Mounted Infantry, to recapture the mules taken from a portion of my

