
train by Captain George W. Rutherford on the 19th instant, sent back 14 prisoners captured from him, with intelligence that they were close on him and with a fair prospect of overtaking him. I have no doubt if my forces overtake him we will recapture a large portion of our lost stock and annihilate his command. He was trying to cross Little Red at the mouth of Devil's Fork at last accounts, but the enemy hereabouts is so erratic I cannot conclude where he will cross.

I am, major, very respectfully, your very obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cav., Commanding District.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., March 1, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: E. A. Dunham, first lieutenant Squadron M, First Iowa Cavalry, reported here in the evening of 28th instant without written orders, but with verbal instructions to proceed with Jacksonport to east side of Black River and procure beef-cattle for the use of Seventh Army Corps. Finding the country between Searcy and Jackonport pretty thickly infested with armed rebels, he came here, and, as his command consists of only 95 men, I have considered it inadequate to meet the enemy's forces east of Black River. I should have re-enforced him and sent him through, but I have out now several parties, and my garrison is only just enough for defense. I requested Lieutenant Dunham to await the return of some of my detachments, but he thinks it best to return, and I write this to protect him from blame in not crossing Black River, for his force would undoubtedly he captured, the enemy mustering 700 men on that side, with all the available crossings strictly picketed.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.
HDQRS. SEVENTH ARMY CORPS AND DEPT. OF ARK., Little Rock, March 1, 1864.

Brigadier General N. KIMBALL,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: You will please detail an infantry regiment from your command for escort to transports going below Pine Bluff for forage. The commanding officer of the regiment will report to Captain B. O. Carr, chief quartermaster, for instructions, and will embark his men on board the boat at 8 a. m. to-morrow, March 2, or as soon thereafter as they can be unloaded. The regiment will be provided with ten days' rations.

By order of Major General F. Steele:

WM. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

