
have been home three times in twelve months by going with scouts from the Pilot Knob. Now, sir, in the border counties of Missouri and Arkansas, Pocahontas being near its center, there are many bands of men doing as they like. It is true our scouts get some of them, but they concentrate to the opening there, it being a good county to organize their bands in. That scope that is without protection, from what I can hear, would not fall much short of 1,000 men in arms against the Government and Union men. I will not say anything about my loss, but will ask you, what about the future?

Many of us have been waiting a long time and expecting Government troops to be stationed at Doniphan, Mo., or Pocahontas, Ark. Either place would give us protection. I, with many others, would like to know very soon whether or not we are to have any protection. We have homes in said counties and wish to live in them with our families. If there are to be no troops stationed there, then we must try to get our families North, where every house is now filled with refugees already, and give up our homes to the rebels. Doniphan is in Ripley County, 75 miles south of Pilot Knob. Sir, if it is in your power and you feel willing to help us by stationing troops in our country, it would be received as a great favor. Please take notice thereof and govern yourself accordingly.

Respectfully, yours,

G. W. HUTCHINSON.

For reference, see General Fisk. My address is Ironton, Mo.

KANSAS CITY, MO., March 1, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Will you be here soon? If so, I will meet you at Leavenworth, or await your arrival, as you may direct. The people are very anxious to see you.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 2. Warrensburg, March 1, 1864.

Commanding officers of stations and detachments in the field will forward with each tri-monthly return a supplementary report of all scouts or marches they have made, whether the troops were mounted or on foot. The report will also include the number of miles each scout had marched and all other incidents connected with them. Frequent scouts will be made in the wooded districts in the vicinity of stations by men on foot. The brush and low grounds that would be likely to afford over for guerrillas must be closely examined, and, in order as far as possible to move secretly, the men will be marched across the prairies in the night, when consistent to do so. If it is found necessary, the marches may be made mounted, and after leaving the men detailed for search in the brush, the horses will be led away and may take up the footmen at points of exit that may be agreed upon.

