
SAINT LOUIS, Mo., January 8, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD,

Washington, D. C.:

McNeil telegraphs rebel deserters coming in rapidly. Rebel General Steele relieved by General Maxey, which he thinks argues an offensive movement. McNeil started from Fort Smith for here this morning. Second Colorado ordered to the depopulated district to relieve Kansas troops, which are ordered to report to General Curtis. Du Bois says you intended to order the First Arkansas Cavalry farther south and east where they can forage. Shall I issue orders? All is well.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, Mo. January 8, 1864.

At this own request, Lieutenant Colonel James O. Broadhead, Third Missouri State Militia Cavalry, is hereby relieved from the duties of provost-marshal-general of this department. The major-general commanding tenders his sincere thanks to Lieutenant-Colonel Broadhead for the able, energetic, and efficient performance of all the duties intrusted him. Lieutenant-General Breadhead will report for duty with his regiment without necessary deadly. Lieutenant Colonel C. W. Marsh, assistant adjutant-general, is announced as acting provost-marshal-general of the department. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, January 8, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of Saint Louis:

SIR: All is quiet here. I can here nothing from below. Reves, Crandall, and McRae all appear to be still. I have heard nothing from Colonel Livington. The travel from below is very little since the rout of Reves, but perhaps the bad weather is the cause of it. We have very cold weather here. The snow is some 6 inches deep. We have been unable to travel to any extent for some days. I have sent out two scouts this morning. I can tell more about it when they get back. All things will be quiet here now I think. I am certain of it if we have troops at Pocahontas. All are very comfortably quartered here and well satisfied, and look for the war to cease in Southeast Missouri before long; at least we hope so. I have sent a small squad of men to Reves' house, if possible, to find him there this bad weather.

Your obedient servant,

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

