
tary term it seems to include this or nothing, for the stone inclosure is no fort, and no troops are in it. To resolve doubts, I suggested the change of line so as to include adjacent counties, so as to include the dependent outposts. The ambiguity is not disposed of, as it may be, and I hope will be, by some change in the wording of departmental orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, Kans., March 1, 1864.

His Excellency W. M. STONE,Governor of the State of Iowa:

GOVERNOR: I am in receipt of your proclamation of the 10th, and your not asking my co-operation to prevent persons from running away from the draft on the pretext of going to the new gold mines. I have referred the matter to the honorable the Secretary of War for instructions. They are not only coming from Iowa into my department, but I have information from most of the States east of the Missouri as far as Ohio of a coming tide. The news from Idaho is almost fabulous, and it is hard to tell whether love of gold or fear of the draft has the longest end of the singletree.

I hope your appeal will touch the patriotism of Iowa citizens to remind them of their duty, and secure Iowa from a reproach of running away from a call to duty; but the subject as to my command involve such a vast number of persons who are engaged in outfits, and would require such extensive police regulations to regulate, that I deem it necessary to ask instructions before I issue orders that I have not troops to carry out. Some say the Idaho mines, although very rich, are very narrow in dimensions. If this be so our friends will have to fall back as they did from Pike's Peak, with a rush and a howl. I am expecting trouble in my department arising from this gold influx, but will do all I can to keep matters level. I have just returned from an 800 miles' march through the Indian and Arkansas country, which will explain my delay in answering your favor.

Truly, Governor, your friend and servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST, Milwaukee, Wis., March 1, 1864.

Major General 	H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit, inclosed, an application* from General Sully for permission to raise by enlistment or by hire, in the quartermaster's department, 200 frontiersmen for duty with his expedition against the Indians this summer, to be discharged from service at the end of the summer or at any time during the campaign when he can dispense with their services.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

