
11. The Eighth Vermont Volunteers will without delay be sent to Algiers, and reported to Major General J. J. Reynolds, commanding Defenses of New Orleans, who will give the necessary orders to prepare that portion which has re-enlisted as veterans to proceed North on furlough, in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 376, of 1863, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, and, when these preparations are completed, will give the necessary orders for the movement. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, New Orleans, La., March 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of extract of Special Orders, Numbers 53, directing me to proceed to Pass Cavallo and assume command of military affairs on the coast and frontier of Texas, &amp;c. In view of the limited Federal force in that quarter, and of possible eventualities, I write to request that the general commanding the department may, if upon this suggestion he may think proper to do so, authorize me to receive, organize, drill, muster in, arm, and equip Texas volunteers, both white and black. Of cause the officers of such organizations would only be nominated by me for confirmation or rejection, in the discretion of the general commanding the department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-In any event, it would be well, perhaps, that I should be authorized to organize a company of mounted Texan scouts, to be used in squads wherever occasion may require, and to be paid as enlisted volunteers, or out of the quartermaster's fund.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, March 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

There are already two regiments of Texas cavalry recruiting, but not nearly full; one company of scouts and a skeleton regiment of infantry (Thirteenth) for the Corps d'Afrique. All these Major-General McClernand is authorized and desired to fill to the legal maximum. Other skeleton regiments will be sent down, to be filled as in General McClernand's opinion occasion may offer.

By command:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

