HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, Little Rock, February 29, 1864.

To the People of Arkansas:

It affords the general commanding the highest gratification to be able to say that by the conduct of the army under his command, in connection with the wise administration of the Government by its officers at Washington, peace has been so far restored in your midst as to enable you to institute proceedings for the restoration of the civil government, by which order may be firmly established and the rights of persons and property secured against violence and the dangers of anarchy.

The convention of your citizens held at Little Rock during the last month has adopted a constitution and submitted it to you for your approval or rejection. That constitution is based upon the principles of freedom, and it is for you now to say by your voluntary and unbiased action whether it shall be your fundamental law. While it may have defects in the main, in accordance with the views of that portion of the people who have been resisting the fratricidal attempt which has been made during the last three years to overthrow the Government of our country, the convention has fixed the 14th day of March next on which to decide this great question, and the general commanding is only following the instructions of his Government when he says to you that every facility will be afforded for the expression of your sentiments, uninfluenced by any considerations save those which affect your own interests and those of your posterity.

If you will now institute a government of your own, he feels great confidence in assuring you that quiet and security will soon be restored to your entire borders. Those who have been unwisely led by the counsels of bad men to engage in the unjustifiable and wicked rebellion will speedily return and acknowledge the rightful sovereignty of the State, as well as the supremacy of the National Government over the whole dominion, and peace will prevail throughout the land. The election will be held and the returns be made in accordance with the schedule adopted by the convention, and no interference from any quarter will be allowed to prevent the free expression of the loyal men of the State on that day. The schedule will be hereto appended. To render the election valid there must be cast 5,406 votes.

FRED'K STEELE,Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, March 2, 1864-4 p. m. (Received 7.20 p. m.)

Major-General ROSECRANS:

The Secretary of War decides that the re-enlistment of the Missouri State Militia must be in accordance with the instructions of the provost-marshal-general dated December 22, 1863.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 2, 1864. (Received 9.40 a. m., 3rd.)

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army:

I have pretty well mastered the situation in Missouri and desire to propose some important changes, which I think will increase our force and remove most of the causes of discontent and agitation, but the details can best be explained to you in person, with the Governor of Missouri present.

He goes to-morrow to Washington. Please order me there at the same time.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

