HDQRS. SECOND SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MO., Sedalia, Mo., March 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General BROWN,Lexington, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your instructions, I left this place on the 26th ultimo for Saline County, arriving at Marshall same evening. From thence I proceeded to Cambridge, from there to Frankfort, thence to Miami, and then to Fairview, and back to Marshall, returning to Sedalia yesterday. I found all quiet and favorable. The business men (loyal) in the river towns are quite solicitous for protection, having been during the past summer repeatedly robbed and abused by the guerrilla Blunt and his attaches.

With the small force at my command it would of course be impossible to afford especial protection to all these towns. The best that can be doen is to so dispose of the troops as to afford the greatest possible protection to the largest number of people. Frankfort is a German settlement, all loyal, from which some 70 men have enlisted in our army. These people, therefore, have special claims upon our sympathy and support. I therefore ordered one company to that place, which can likewise protect Cambridge, distant 6 miles, and operate in a district of country which has been infested with rebel outlaws during the war. My purpose was to station one company at Fairview, but on visiting there I found no water or wood nearer than 2 miles, and after considering all things and consulting with a number or well-informed and trustworthy citizens, I determined to send this company to Miami.

Company F, Captain Wilson commanding, is ordered to Frankfort. Company I, Captain Squire Ballew commanding, is ordered to Miami. Company M, Captain Queen commanding, is stationed at Marshall. From Marshall I sent, yesterday morning, two scouts, 25 men in each, to the La Fayette border, to feel well through there for two or three days. The company at Brownsville I think of ordering to Ebenezer Church, 16 miles west of Marshall, on the La Fayette line, and about 8 miles from Brownsville. This locality is poisoned with bushwhackers, and has always been their haunt and passway. They can render much more service there than at Brownsville, and if protection at the latter place becomes necessary I will throw a small detachment there. Captain William B. Ballew, at Quincy, informs me of the appearance of about 15 bushwhackers in the vicinity of Hermitage. He had sent a scout after them; not yet heard from. I will look well to matters in that direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. PHILIPS,

Colonel 7th Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding.

GILLIS' HOTEL, Kansas City, Mo., March 2, 1864.

J. B. BULLENE,

Actg. Sec. of Chamber of Commerce, Kansas City, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the resolutions passed by the Chamber of Commerce of Kansas City. You will please transmit to the chamber the high appreciation I entertain of their tender of an active co-operation and support in the

