
it at that time. Thousands, perhaps millions, of tons of hay, or what would have made hay--grass--was allowed to rot on the ground within 10 miles of this place last season; nor was any grain secured, when an abundance of both might have been secured either by contract or purchase at that time, and hay by the troops themselves. A contract to supply forage at our posts cannot be made before July at a reasonable rate, and until that time we shall have to get forage as we have been doing, as best we can, and from remote places. There never need be, and never will be, any scarcity of forage here if proper steps are taken and efforts made to secure it at the proper season of the year. Last year no steps were taken to secure any more forage than was needed from day to day and [no] contracts let for future supplies; hence the condition.

What could be done by the quartermasters of the department at this season, advertising for forage for the whole command and specifying amounts to be delivered at the various posts, I do not know. Unquestionably great advantages would result by such a course at the proper season. The State Militia troops here have learned the act of capturing bushwhackers to a degree approaching perfection, and when they come in destroy them very rapidly. Great advantages will result, I think from the pack-mule system, both on the grounds [of] efficiency of our troops against the enemy and the economy of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO, Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 2, 1864.

COMMANDING GENERAL DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have ordered the company of the Eleventh Kansas Volunteers which escorted the Governor of Arizona to Fort Whipple, Ariz., to be sent back to the Rio Grande at the earliest practicable day, when it will at once be returned to your department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 32. New Orleans, March 3, 1864.

Incontestable evidence has been presented to these headquarters that great injustice has been done to the Government and to the cause of public order by the transfer, under judicial forms, of property belonging to rebel parties, or enemies of the United States, in which the Government and the people have an indirect, if not positive, interest. In order that justice may be done to all parties and the rights of the Government and the people may be protected, it is hereby ordered that all transfers of real estate holden by or belonging to enemies of the Government by judicial decree, conveyance, or otherwise, be suspended until the government of the State

