HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo. January 8, 1864.

Colonel JOHN E. PHELPS,

Commanding at Cassville:

COLONEL: The scout that I had got through to Batesville has returned and report that Love, Freeman, and Crandall are all no the south side of the White River, ranging through Carroll and Search Counties. All this force numbers from 600 to 1,000 men; hence in moving through his region your officers will exercise precautions due in consideration of the above facts. I will have them driven out as soon as the weather permits.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS, DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 7. Saint Louis, Mo., January 8, 1864.

* * * *

12. The Second Colorado Cavalry, Colonel J. H. Ford will proceed with as little deadly as practicable, to occupy the counties of Jackson, Cass, and Bates, in Missouri, taking post in accordance with such instructions as my be received from the commander of the District of Central Missouri, to which district these counties are to be hereinafter assigned. Upon the arrival of the Second Colorado, all Kansas troops now serving in those counties will be relieved and the various commanding officers will march their commands to the nearest point in the State of Kansas, and report by telegraph or mail to Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas, for orders.

13. So soon as this movement is accomplished the counties of Jackson, Cass and Bates will form a part of the District of Central Missouri and reports, returns, &amp;c., will be made accordingly.

14. Colonel J. H. Ford, Second Colorado Cavalry, will report, so soon as he has relieved the Kansas troops serving in the locality herein before mentioned, to Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr., commanding the present District of the Border, the fact of such relief being effected. Upon receipt of the report of Colonel Ford, General Ewing will be relieved from duty in this department and report with his staff, to Major-General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas, for further orders.

By command of Major-General Schofield:

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF COMMISSARY OF SUBSISTENCE,

[New Orleans, La.] January 9, 1864-2 p. m.

General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just received your note in reference to the starving condition of troops at Pass Cavallo. The schooner Salie Bonsell was loaded, and it is believed sailed from here for Pass Cavallo, on the 29th ultimo, with 100,000 complete rations. On the

4 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

