
especially those relating to the enemy's forces. Vigilance and strict discipline among the troops must be enforced, and reports from the inhabitants to the contrary will receive proper consideration.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 3, 1864-9.30 p. m. (Received 4th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Your telegram of yesterday submitted to Secretary of War, who declines for the present to give the order asked for.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 3, 1864.

General FISK:

My scouts report no considerable force of the enemy in a body in Northeast Arkansas. Reves has a company near Cherokee Bay. Freeman, after his skirmish with the First Nebraska, crossed to the east side of Black River at Pocahontas, then moved to Powhatan, crossed Cash Swamp, and came on to Crowley's Ridge, near Jonesborough. The last account of them placed them at Cotton Plant, below Jacksonport. We do not believe there are sufficient guerrillas who can be combined in Northeast Arkansas to resist 200 of our men.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS STATION, Harrisonville, Mo., March 3, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,Commanding Fourth Sub-District:

COLONEL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers --, from headquarters Fourth Sub-District, Companies I and L, Second Colorado Cavalry, have taken up position in Bates County.

Permit me, then, to call your special attention to the condition of matters at this station. This station is now guarded by one company (G), reporting to-day 39 privates for duty. You will understand that there are considerable quantities of stores, commissary and quartermaster's, here to be protected. To do this, to furnish the necessary stable, post, and picket guards, and also a detail each day to go into the country to collect forage, leaves no men for scouting duty from this station, or at least so few as to render them almost ineffective. The forage parties, having to go from 6 to 12 miles to collect forage, must necessarily be of sufficient force to protect teams. Escorts for various persons and parties being frequently called for, really leaves a comparatively small force at this station for its protection. Considering matters in this light, I cannot but regard it that the present force at this station is inadequate to its proper protection and, at the same time, accomplish anything by way of scouting from this point. You will remark at once that I ignore the forces here of Enrolled Missouri Militia. They cannot be regarded as

