
PORT HUDSON, LA., March 4, 1864-8 p. m. (Received 9.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Fonda has returned with the party sent to Baton Rouge to repair telegraph wire. The party lost 3 men prisoners in a skirmish on the way down. The enemy are becoming more active in this vicinity, but no large force.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

THIBODEAUX, LA., March 4, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

All quiet in this district. Barrett's cavalry having been relieved, passed to the front to-day. I would respectfully ask whether the reports of the One hundred and thirty-first New York Volunteers, stationed at Brashear, are to be made to these headquarters.

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, New Orleans, La., March 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: As my orders contemplate defensive operations, it is particularly desirable, if not absolutely necessary, that a skillful and active military engineer should be assigned to duty with this corps, under orders to report to me without delay. If a military engineer officer cannot be assigned I desire, if there be no objections, that a competent civil engineer be employed and sent to me by authority of the major-general commanding the department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, New Orleans, March 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: Inclosed will be found the petition* of loyal citizens of Indianola, Tex., explaining itself. The indorsement of Major-General Dana thereon implies at least personal regret on his part of the evacuation of Indianola by our forces, although the communication to General Ord, of the 15th ultimo (of which a copy was furnished you), implied that his military opinion was in favor of it. Independently of the indorsement, subscribers bringing this petition inform me that General Dana said to them orally that with the

---------------

*Not found as an inclosure.

---------------

