
addition of three or four regiments he would be able to hold Indianola against the enemy. The case of the petitioners is a hard one, and I will be happy to carry out any instructions for their benefit. I understand that the first boat for Pass Cavallo will not be ready to leave before next Tuesday morning.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, March 6, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Instructions were sent March 5, 1864, to Major-General McClernand, commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, to provide for the families of Indianola, and to furnish transportation for such as desire it to New Orleans.

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. Algiers, La., March 4, 1864.

Brigadier-General McGinnis having been temporarily relieved from the command of the Third Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the same.

R. A. CAMERON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Steamer Diana, March 4, 1864.

Major General FREDERICK STEELE,

Commanding Department of Arkansas, Little Rock:

DEAR GENERAL: I am now going from New Orleans to Vicksburg. I went down purposely to see General Banks about the Shreveport movement. I found all his preparations complete, and he will positively leave on the 7th instant, and promises to be at Alexandria on the 17th. His line of march is by Opelousas. I have undertaken to send 10,000 men by water, in concert with the gunboats, from Vicksburg to Alexandria by the same date. I understand you also have undertaken to act in concert, but the route and manner are not clear to me. General Banks says you move via Monroe. When three armies start from distant bases, by the science of war they should meet at some point agreed on sooner than there is a possibility of the enemy (supposed to be superior to either one of the opposing armies) being able to reach it; but in this case rapidity of movement and the enemy's tenderness for Shreveport would warrant each column (supposed to be over 10,000) to move straight on Shreveport, for I don't believe Kirby Smith would risk Shreveport to go out and meet either of your armies; but I won't

