
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 5, 1864-8 p.m.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

Your telegram just received, and an answer will be given to-morrow. It is a good plan to have troops in your command who are strangers to the troubles there, and if on inquiry there should be no serious objection the order you desire will be made.

EDWIN M. STANTON.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 5, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON,

Thirteenth U. S. Infy., Pro. March General, Dept. of the Mo.:

COLONEL: In the opinion of the general commanding, the interests of the country require that due protection should be given within the limits of this department to religious convocations, and other assemblages of persons whose function is to reach religion and morality to the people, but at the present time he deems it expedient that members of such assemblages should be required to give satisfactory evidence of their loyalty to the Government of the United States as condition-precedent to such privilege of assemblage and protection. The major-general commanding desires that you will take such steps as in your judgment will best secure these objects.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, March 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding District of Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: On my arrival here I found everything in very good condition. The country is clear of guerrillas, as far as I can hear, for near 40 miles. I can hear of the rebels on Crowley's Ridge, at a place called Scatterville. It is said Colonel Kitchen has returned from General Price and ordered all these scattered bands to report to him, and that they have gone. They may be getting together to go to Price. Freeman is there also. I will leave here on Monday with a small escort. I think I will be able to stop jayhawking by making their friends responsible for these acts. This I will do. Those who feed and conceal them are as mean as they are, and I will kill them if the thing does not stop. If Union men are robbed I will take their property to pay for it. If they kill a loyal man, I will kill 5 of them. I believe by this course it can be stopped. I would like to know the result of my visit to Saint Louis as soon as you know how it terminates. In the mean time, I will go on as usual and do all the good and as little harm as I can to the United States and as much harm and as little good as I can to the rebels.

Yours, respectfully,

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

P. S.-General, we had company inspection this morning. I wish you could see and know how everything is here. My command is

