
in fine condition. Can't you come down and pay us a visit, and then you will know how all things are? It you were down here you could also see the condition of the country and the life led by a soldier here.

W. T. L.

MACON CITY, Mo., March 5, 1864.

Major FRANK S. BOND,

Aide-de-Camp, Saint Louis, Mo.:

General Guitar is absent. Do no think assistance will be required myself to enforce the draft. Every reason to suppose there will be no trouble.

J. RAINSFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 5, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Dept of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: The Secretary of War instructs me to transmit to you, herewith inclosed, copies of communication from this Department to the Department of the Interior, dated the 2nd instant, and the reply of the Secretary of the Interior, dated the 4th instant, relating to a request for military protection to licensed traders with Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Cherokee Indians, and to say that the protection and assistance asked for will be given, so far as it can be done without embarrassment to any important interest of the service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure No. 1.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 2, 1864.

The SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am instructed by the Secretary of War to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 11th ultimo, and accompanying papers from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, in which military protection is asked for licensed traders with Choctaw, Chickasaw, and Cherokee Indians, and in reply to inform you that the Department cannot give any assurance upon the subject, as the withdrawal of troops for that purpose might interfere injuriously with military operations in those sections of the country, and at the time when the protection asked for would likely be most needed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. R. S. CANBY,

Brigadier-General and Assistant Adjutant-General.

