
orders and having leave of absence there, seems to place you out of this department. When my order issued I supposed you were clearly within my command, and therefore ordered you back to Fort Smith, where you were needed. But Thayer was sent, not from my department but from Steele's, to take your place, and thus everything seemed to work against your receiving further orders from me. I have also consulted General Blunt, who said you considered yourself in the command of General Schofield after I was ordered here, and therefore you applied to him for leave to go to Saint Louis, as you did.

I therefore distributed the duties of this command to my five generals without naming you, supposing this matter settled. You will see now no convenient place in my command for another. I am sorry it is so, for now you will clearly have to await orders from the War Department, if General Rosecrans does not recognize you as assigned to his command. I suppose General Rosecrans needs General Fisk at headquarters because of his intimate knowledge of commercial men and matters about Saint Louis, and you could hardly expect him to make such a damage as you might desire in regard to Saint Louis District.

Hoping, general, that your experience and untiring zeal may secure you a new and desirable location and give the country the early benefit of your valuable services, I remain, your friend and obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 5, 1864.

W. H. MILLER,

Esq., Fort Scott, Kans.:

MY DEAR SIR: Yours of the 28th ultimo was duly received on my return to this place. I fully appreciate your anxiety to go with my troops into Texas, and sympathize heartily with your sorrows on your being so widely separated from your family. But it not in my power to say when I can place you nearer your home, and if I could determine how I would act after I got there, before I make the movement, it would not be proper to divulge it even to my officers.

Of course we will be glad to muster Texas troops as we have in other States, perhaps as home guards. It will be very safe for Texans to go in generally, without regard to being called "home guards," for we have certainly no idea of going beyond Texas, and there is not probability of such troops being sent east of Texas. I will be glad to have your services when occasion offers, and hope you may find employment and patiently await the onward progress of our successful armies.

I am, sir, very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

HUMBOLT, KANS., March 5, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding, Fort Scott:

DEAR SIR: I inclose views* of the block-house which I am proposing to erect on the site selected by General Curtis. The stone

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

