HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, On board Steamer Saint Mary's, January 9, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: The First Division of this corps, except the Forty-second and One hundred and twentieth Ohio and Seventh and Twenty-second Kentucky Regiments Infantry, which are on duty at Plaquemine, on the Mississippi River, is at Matagorda Island, Tex. The Second Division, except the Twentieth Iowa Infantry, which is at Aransas Pass, and Thirty-fourth Iowa Infantry, which is at Matagorda Bay, is at Brownsville, Tex., as also the First Regiment of Engineers, Corps d'Afrique. The Sixteenth Regiment, Corps d'Afrique, is at Point Isabel, Tex. The Third Division of this corps is at New Iberia, La.; the Fourth Division is at Matagorda Bay. The Thirteenth and Fifteenth Maine Regiments Infantry attached to this corps are also at Matagorda Bay.

In consequence of the scattered condition of the corps, Lieutenant Ben. L. Smith, postmaster of the corps, was ordered to remain at New Orleans, to sort and direct mail matter to the several divisions, &amp;c. To avoid the delay that would be occasioned by sending to corps headquarters, I would respectfully ask an approval of the order, if necessary, allowing Lieutenant Smith to remain in the city on this duty.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., January 9, 1864.

Captain A. B. KAUFFMAN,Jacksonport, Ark.:

CAPTAIN: Your two communications are received, inclosing copy of order on the slave question. I have no remarks to make on their status or future. My business here is to put down rebellion and exterminate guerrillas, and I cannot be troubled at present with any business with guerrillas, and I cannot be troubled at present with any business with negroes further than to use them when the exigencies of the service require it. You will leave Jacksonport as soon as practicable, without unnecessary delay, for this place. If Colonel Black cannot take the contraband horses with him, bring them up for disposal here. My mail has never been received. I regret that any improper conduct on the part of Colonel B.'s troops should militate against my plans.

If our troops behave as bad as bushwhackers it certainly leaves little choice to the poor farmer between them. The effect of the proclamation throughout this portion is most excellent. Many influential parties who had fled from home have returned, and we have now over 300 who have voluntarily surrendered themselves and taken the oath. I have had overtures from some of the leaders of bands, and I hope to restore peace in a great measure throughout the country. Do not fail to return here as soon as possible. I have work for you that will suit you better than Jacksonport, and that post is very awkwardly situated to re-enforce you in case of attack.

