
for the foundation is quarried and hauled, the larger portion of the timber is cut and a portion hauled. We are hard up for transportation, but I will hurry up the work as fast as possible. While the general was here he spoke about a block-house at Hudson's Crossing; should be glad to build that, too.

Last Monday morning about 2 o'clock a party of 6 men went to the house of Dr. Hill, on Canville Creek, shot him in the hip, inflicting a serious and I fear a fatal wound, robbed him of about $400 and some clothing. Information reached this place and the Mission the next morning about 10 o'clock. The robbers were tracked to Big Creek, where a Mrs. Mary Freeman went away with them. They went down the west side of Neosho to about the mouth of Hickory Creek, crossed to the east side, and went east toward Spring River. The most thorough pursuit and search possible was made, but without overtaking the robbers. Dr. Hill thought he recognized one of them as a Mr. Gesso, a half-breed, whose wife I have a prisoner here.

To-morrow I shall start for the vicinity of Stant Watie's Mills, in the belief that a gang of guerrillas is harboring there. If I do not find them there I shall come back via Spring River. Shall probably be gone eight or ten days. I have some reason for suspecting a Mr. Banks, who lives on Cow Creek, of harboring these men. Suspicious persons have been seen about his house, and a gang of 5 guerrillas, who were about the Mission some three weeks since, were tracked to his place. Four families are living on Lightning Creek. I think they ought not to be allowed to remain. Their being there is no benefit to us, and the guerrillas get food and forage from them. Lieutenant Johnson, Company M, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, will act as adjutant during my absence.

Very truly, yours,

P. B. PLUMB,

Major Eleventh Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM O. COLLINS,

Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, Commanding, Fort Laramie:

COLONEL: Yours of the 17th ultimo is just received. No inclination exists on my part to change your troops, but I wish heartily your regiment was full. I anticipate a great rush of armed goldhunters to your neighborhood, and we may have to escort them. I have made a requisition for mountain howitzers, to be used in strengthening posts and saving men on the stage route, so more of the troops could be used on escort duty.

You may always write direct to these headquarters, on any and all matters of interest to your regiment and the posts you command, but at the present continued to report as you have been latterly assigned, to the Denver district. I do not know why you were shifted from the Nebraska. I suppose your supplies can be obtained most economically from the nearest supplies, which are in Iowa. I also agree with you that good ponies are best for our mounted men on the plains, and I shall so present the matter to the Quartermaster-General; but as to sending troops up the Missouri, I do not see where they could be landed better than at Omaha or Sioux City, to join

