
you by marching across. We have not the troops, however, and I fear if we would try to raise them we would be filled up with goldhunters that desert to the mines the moment they come near them. Many think you will suffer greatly by desertions.

I shall continue to feel great anxiety about your command, and therefore support you by every means in my power. All the intelligence you can give of routes and probable truth of reports as to the mines may be of use to me in my spring and summer arrangements. If other duties do not prevent I may drop in on you when the snow is gone. I have just returned from the south portion of my department. What you say concerning snow is important, and I will be glad to know its progress in melting and any extraordinary floods you may hear of; also the friendly or hostile conduct of Indians north of you. All these matters are important to the successful administration of your and my commands. I will also present to the pay department the necessity of a visit to your troops as soon as circumstances will allow.

I remain, colonel, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 5, 1864.

Colonel J. D. GREENE,

Sixth U. S. Infy., Pro. March General for Wisconsin:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 3rd instant is just received. Decisions received from the Adjutant-General's Office in Washington except from my command all new organizations in this department, even though the organizations have been completed, as well as all recruits for old regiments and all veteran regiments on furlough, together with the departments of the Invalid Corps. All these troops are under the direct orders of yourself and of the mustering and disbursing officer, who, I presume, is your subordinate. I have only seven companies of the Thirtieth Wisconsin Infantry on duty in this State, not one-fourth, probably, of the troops at your own disposal. The Thirty-fifth and Thirty-sixth Regiments are nearly, if not quite, full, and are, I suppose, under our orders. You perceive, therefore, that you have, much more than I, troops at your disposal to protect the officers of your department in the discharge of their duties.

Of course I shall furnish what aid is needed and can be given with the small force at my command in this State, in the manner and according to the rules hitherto laid down, for details concerning which I refer you to the records of your office and to your predecessor, Lieutenant-Colonel Lovell. I would suggest to you that Colonel Lovell be sent to this city to conduct the draft in this section of country. He is a prudent and judicious officer, and is so highly respected and regarded in this city, as in fact throughout the State, that his mere presence here superintending the draft will no doubt prevent the necessity of using troops at all. It is proper for me to inform you also, in order that you may take whatever measures may be necessary, that nearly the whole force in this State now under

