
and never conceived it possible that in this State a popular demonstration of such magnitude and friendly spirit to the Government could be attained. It is impossible to describe it with truth.

So far as the election of the 22nd is concerned, all has been accomplished that has been anticipated, and much more. The understanding is that, with the concurrence of the Government, Mr. Hahn will be invested with the authority heretofore exercised by the military governor. His position is subordinate to the military occupation of the State by the troops of the United States for the suppression of the rebellion and the full restoration of the authority of the United States. So far as we have gone we have obtained the practical results of an election by the people, without the risk of losing the control of the State exercised by the officers of the Government. The other measures necessary for the complete restoration of the State are perfectly practicable. The only embarrassment that can occur will arise from the desperate efforts of interested men who profess unreserved loyalty to the Government for personal place and power. Should the officers of the Government be allowed to contest for the high offices of the State, and enter into factious combination for this purpose, some embarrassment may occur, but the object cannot be defeated.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE TENN., No. 24. Vicksburg, Miss., March 6, 1864.

I. General Hurlbut will, out of his First and Third Divisions, make up a command of about 7,500 infantry, with two good batteries of artillery, the whole under command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith, to embark on the 7th and 8th instant on board of transports, with thirty days' rations, and provided for an expedition up Red River. Only two ambulances per regiment and one for each battery and one wagon for each headquarters will be taken along, and the remaining wagons and sick will be left at Vicksburg, to be taken care of until the command returns to Vicksburg.

II. General McPherson will in like manner make up a command of about 2,500 men, with one good battery, under a brigadier of rank inferior to that of General A. J. Smith, prepared in like manner to embark on boats on the 7th and 8th instant, the general in command to report in person to General A. J. Smith, who will receive full and minute instructions from the general commanding.

III. Corps commanders will at once order a part of the re-enlisted regiments of their corps to their respective States where organized, for a furlough of thirty days therein, with full instructions as to procuring additional recruits and rejoining their proper brigades with dispatch on the expiration of their furloughs. The officers and soldiers thus sent on furloughs should be impressed with the importance of their return on time, as military plans can only be based on a positive knowledge of numbers and time.

IV. Brigadier-General Veatch's command will proceed via Cairo and the Tennessee River, with all its men, guns, transportation, and materials, to join the command of General Dodge at or near Athens, Ala.

33 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

