
V. The chief quartermaster of the department will provide the necessary transportation to carry out these orders and those issued February 28, 1864.*

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

L. M. DAYTON,

Aide-de-Camp.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 16TH ARMY CORPS, No. 14. Vicksburg, Miss., March 6, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

VI. In obedience to Special Field Orders, No. 24, current series, from the headquarters Department of the Tennessee, the following regiments and batteries of the Sixteenth Army Corps are designated for the Red River expedition under the command of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

From the First Division, Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, Eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, Fifth Minnesota Volunteers, Thirty-fifth Iowa Volunteers, Thirty-third Missouri Volunteers, Second Iowa Battery.+

From the Third Division: Fifty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, Eighty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, One hundred and nineteenth Illinois Volunteers, Fourteenth Iowa Volunteers, Twenty-seventh Iowa Volunteers, Thirty-second Iowa Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, Forty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, Third Indiana Battery.

Two wagons and two ambulances to each regiment, one wagon for each battery, and one wagon to each headquarters only with be taken. The remaining wagons, surplus stores, and baggage, with the sick, will be left, with a competent officer in command; and officer of the quartermaster's department, with sufficient surgeons, will also be left under proper orders, and a camp will be designated by Brigadier-General Smith near Vicksburg.

Brigadier General Joseph A. Mower will report for orders to Brigadier General A. J. Smith, commanding expedition. Brigadier General J. M. Tuttle will turn over the records and property of the division headquarters to Brigadier General J. A. Mower, and will report in person at Memphis, Tenn., to the general commanding corps, for assignment to duty.

By order of Major General S. A. Hurlbut:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Vicksburg, March 6, 1864.

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Expedition up Red River, Vicksburg, Miss.:

GENERAL: By an order his day issued you are to command a strong, well-appointed detachment of the Army of the Tennessee, sent to re-enforce a movement against the Red River line, but more

---------------

*See Vol. XXXII, Part I, p.189.

+On March 7, the Second Iowa Battery was relieved from duty with the Red River expedition, and the Ninth Indiana Battery detailed in its place.

---------------

