
where so much odium is fastened unjustly upon soldiers, for them always to be discreet, and it is likely we have some that do not much credit to king or country, but this is corrected as promptly as possible. And in conclusion, general, permit me to assure you that I have heard no prediction but of your entire success in this difficult department, equaled alone by that made on bloodier fields, and but one expression, and that is of entire satisfaction at your appointment.

I am, sir, respectfully and truly, your obedient servant,

JOHN DONIPHAN.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,Warrensburg, Mo., March 6, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I have ordered Companies A, G, and H, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, to take the field in La Fayette, in the southern and eastern portion of the county, under the command of Major Mullins, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, leaving a sufficient garrison at the post at Lexington.

I have also ordered Companies C, F, and I, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, to take the field in the southwestern and western portion of La Fayette, under the command of Captain Milton Burris, Company I, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, with instructions to leave a sufficient guard at Chapel Hill and Wellington to protect the places. This arrangement leaves the town of Waverly without troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 6, 1864.

P. K. O'DONALD,

Assistant Provost-Marshall, Saint Joseph, Mo.:

DEAR SIR: I see no better way of disposing of parties designated by you as deserters and rowdies, and hope Bradley will get his deserts. I have heard no complaint against the proceedings on this side.

Hoping you will try to preserve a good understanding on both borders, and avoid all matters that would tend to renew old quarrels, I remain, truly, your old friend,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., March 7, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Lieutenant Sargent presents a copy of dispatches which were received by the hands of Captain Dunham, to which I replied on the 28th ultimo. Since that time no material change in

