
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS AND U. S. FORCES IN W. LOUISIANA, No. 20. Franklin, March 7, 1864.

1. All regimental and personal baggage, except that authorized to be carried on the march, will be at once packed and transported to New Orleans and turned over to Captain J. E. Savery, acting assistant quartermaster, No. 45 Carondelet street, New Orleans.

2. The allowance of tents is the following: To each company one A-tent for the company officers; to each regiment, two wall-tents; to each brigade, one wall-tent for the brigade commander and one for an office, and one A-tent for every 2 officers; to each division, one wall-tent for the division commander, one for an office, and for every 2 staff officers. A valise or carpet-bag will be allowed to be carried for the clothing of each officer; also a mess-chest of small size for each officer's mess.

3. Two men from each regiment (convalescents, if possible) will be detailed to go with the baggage to New Orleans and attend to its storage and care.

4. The cooking utensils of the men and the ammunition and hospital stores will be carried with the regiments.

By order of Major-General Franklin:

JOHN P. BAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

THIBODEAUX, LA., March 7, 1864-6 p.m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE:

Colonel Dudley's brigade is in camp at Terre Bonne, fully supplied with rations and forage. All quiet.

E. L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel, Commanding District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS RED RIVER EXPEDITION, No. 1. Near Vicksburg, Miss., March 7, 1864.

Brigadier General J. A. Mower, commanding First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps, will have his command in readiness to embark by 10 a.m. to-morrow, provided in the manner prescribed by Special Field Orders, No. 14, section VI, current series, from headquarters Sixteenth Army Corps. The boats will be assigned by order from these headquarters in due season.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,

Fort Esperanza, Tex., March 7, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf:

In reply to your communication of the 15th ultimo, which reached me only by the last steamer, I have the honor to report that the railroad from Lavaca to Victoria is thoroughly destroyed; its destruction

