
you and Mr. Ewing wrote. I asked my assistant adjutant-general to hunt him up. If I cannot give him an agreeable situation, I will send him anywhere you may indicate.

If you and Banks move up Red River, it is my opinion that the rebels will run without giving battle. I have indicated in dispatches to General Banks what co-operation you may expect from me. I regret exceedingly that I am not prepared to move with my effective force and help run those fellows into Mexico at once, but if the contemplated movement is made, Arkansas will be cleared of rebel troops. I have no doubt but that Price and some members of his staff have gone to Europe-deserted. The wife of one of them told me on her way to join her husband that she was going to make her husband go. Mrs. Anderson was anxious that Sam. should quit. When the women give it up, the rebels cannot hold out long.

I will write you at Vicksburg.

Yours, truly, and in haste,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General.

P. S.-A bearer of dispatches from Grant was under the impression that you would be obliged to join Grant by way of Huntsville.

F. S.

Davidson attempted McClernand's game on me, and was also blown up by his own bombshell.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 7, 1864-2.30 p.m. (Received 9th.)

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

The Secretary of War directs me to reply to your telegram in regard to the Forty-fourth Ohio Regiment, that Grant requires all furloughed regiments to return immediately to their corps, in order that others may be furloughed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 7, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

Sol. Kitchen has returned from Price's army with 30 officers. He claims to be a brigadier-general, and in a speech at Jonesborough a few days since said he was in command of all rebel forces east of White River. The disposition of his brigade is as follows, as nearly as can be ascertained: Five hundred under Freeman on White River, near Augusta; 150 under Captain McKee, near Jonesborough; 150 rebel force south of us on Crowley's Ridge, except about 40 men under Gibins, Bolin, Williams &amp; Co., at Blue Land. McRae has gone west of White River from Augusta. Scouts, refugees, &c., all agree in this.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

