
chain and ball. Shall I do this? I am satisfied it is indispensable, for, since all the rebels are gone, they have commenced to rob their own friends.

Fourteenth. In conclusion, I urge that the command as organized, with the white troops necessary with it, be run as a separate command, reporting directly to you, as the different commanders in the field, such as the recent district commanders, know nothing about the Indian command or people, and these changes seriously injure it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient,

WM. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 88. Washington, March 8, 1864.

The following joint resolutions of Congress are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

PUBLIC RESOLUTION-No. 15.

JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks of Congress to the volunteer soldiers who have re-enlisted in the Army.

Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of American in Congress assembled, That the thanks of Congress are hereby given to those noble and brave men who, having already so gallantly endured the hardships and perils of war for more than two years in support of their country's flag, present the sublime spectacle of again voluntarily enrolling themselves in the Army of the Union for another three years' campaign, or so long as the war shall continue.

SEC. 2. And be it further resolved, That the Secretary of War cause these resolutions to be read to each of the veteran regiments who have re-enlisted or shall re-enlist in both the volunteer and regular forces of the United States.

Approved March 3, 1864.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MARCH 8, 1864.-For Sherman to Rawlins, relating to the Red River expedition, see Vol. XXXII, Part III, p.40.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 8, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am informed from Saint Louis that the horses intended for the dismounted cavalry, sent to this department from Washington and New York, have been sent to Major-General Grant's army; also that the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, ordered to this department, have been dismounted and their horses transferred to General Grant's army. I shall be obliged, therefore, to commence the present campaign with one regiment less of cavalry than I had reason to except, and, moreover, shall be deficient in horses for about 1,000 of the cavalrymen in the department. I respectfully that orders may be dispatched to Saint Louis, directing that at least 3,000 horses

