
PORT HUDSON, LA., January 10, 1864-6.45 p.m. [Received 7.15 p.m.]

General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Our wire was cut yesterday p.m. in several places, but is now working again. The party not yet returned from Baton Rouge. Scott's men have returned again. About 200 were near Newport yesterday p.m. Ten of them fire upon our pickets on the Jackson road last night, but effected nothing. No other news.

G. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Plaquemine, La., January 10, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La.:

SIR: Two days since I received an order from General Cooke, directing me to send two regiments from my command to New Orleans to report to you as soon as practicable. Up to this time it has been impossible to procure transportation, and the prospect is not flattering that I shall immediately succeed. I shall send them as soon as possible. I am desired to name to you, in behalf of the troops to be sent away, the fact that they are and for a long time have been without tents; that they are now here very comfortably situated; that the weather is bad, and unless it is important that they move soon, that they desire to be permitted to remain until the weather is better. This matter is suggested in all respect, and is submitted to your consideration with a desire to have it understood that there is a cheerful disposition to perform all duties promptly.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 10, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

If the First Arkansas Cavalry can be spared from the telegraph line they may go to any part of Northwestern Arkansas for forage.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

BENTON BARRACKS, MO., January 10, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

The Second Colorado Regiment has aggregate strength, 700; 900 horses and mules, eighteen wagons, six ambulances, 100 boxes ordnance; is ready to move. [Colonel Ford] desires to remain to have his regiment paid and to get his carbines and revolvers, which he says are on the way from New York arsenal. Shall he wait or start immediately?

B. L. E. BONNEVILLE,

Colonel, U. S. Army, &amp;c.

