
commanders, of whom there are now Colonel George H. Hall, Jefferson City; Colonel John F. Philips, Sedalia; Colonel James McFerran, Warrensburg; Colonel J. H. Ford, Kansas City.

Any person holding such certificate will be permitted to reside in any part of the Central District of Missouri.

Military posts have been established at Kansas City, Westport, Independence, Little Santa Fe, Hickman Mills, Blue Mills, Blue Springs; section 28, township 48, range 30; Pleasant Hill, Harrisonville, Grand River, Johnstown, and Pleasant Gap, within 3 miles of which any person of good loyal character may reside upon receiving permission from the nearest post commander; also, the whole line of the work or contemplated work on the Pacific Railroad is declared to be a military post or station, within 2 miles of which persons of like good character may reside upon the same terms.

It is earnestly hoped and expected that in a short time the improved state of affairs on the border will remove the necessity of any restriction to the free occupation of the country, but for the present time the public good and safety of the people demand it. It is expected that every resident of this district will assist in preserving peace and good order in the country.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,Warrensburg, Mo., March 8, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that Captain Milton Burris, Company I, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, in the field, in the western portion of La Fayette County, reports that the notorious guerrilla leader Blunt was killed on yesterday by men under his command, and that another guerrilla with him at the time (supposssed to be Waller) was wounded, but made his escape.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 8, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. HOLLAND,

Commanding Fourth Military Dist., Enrolled Mo. Militia:

GENERAL: The general commanding the district directs that your order the commanding officer at Marshfield to keep a scout of not less than 1 commissioned officer and 12 men scouting and patrolling the country in the vicinity of Dallas neighborhood on James River; or if you may deem it necessary, direct him to station a detachment of his company in that neighborhood, with instructions to destroy or capture guerrillas and thieves infesting that neighborhood.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

