
can statements, the French loss in material and men was heavy. This is the only success the Liberals have had for some time and they are expending a great deal of gunpowder over it. In the States bordering on the Rio Grande matters are very much unsettled, owing to the conduct of Governor Vidauri, of Nuevo Leon, who has openly defied Juarez, and it is said had gone over tot he French. On 9th February Juarez left Saltillo for Monterey, with the design of establishing his headquarters at that place. Upon reaching Monterey he learned that Vidauri had proclaimed against him, and had collected his troops and artillery in the Black Fort, intending to give fight. Juarez, not being in force, withdrew to Saltillo, but at latest accounts was marching against Vidauri with about 3,000 men.

Commissioners from both parties he announced himself in favor of and after several days' delay he announced himself in favor of Juarez, and is now preparing a force of 800 men to send forward. There is no doubt but that a fight will take place at Monterey soon.

The statement is made by a gentleman from the upper Rio Grande that Vidauri is heart and soul with the rebels and French, and that he has been controlled entirely in his late action by Major Simeon Hart, Judge Devine, and Mr. McKinney, the commissioners of General Kirby Smith. I am well satisfied that he has entered into an arrangement with Kirby Smith to protect the crossing of cotton and goods at Eagle Pass, for which he is to receive one-fourth of the cotton. All of his movements and his personal conduct show him to be in close communion with the rebel leaders. In regard to his connection with the French, I can only say that I saw a French officer have Vidauri's autograph letter of introduction to General Hamilton. Owing to the long drought, there has been great suffering in the interior of Mexico, and many persons are moving toward the Rio Grande.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 9, 1864.

Captain FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of an order from you directing me to extend the telegraph line from Warrensburg to Kansas City, following the line of the Pacific Railroad. A working party will be sent forward this evening to the point indicated.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. SMITH,

Captain and Asst. Q. M., Asst. Supt. U. S. Military Telegraph.

CAMP DODD, BATES COUNTY, MO., March 9, 1864.

Major J. L. PRITCHARD,

Second Colorado Cav., Commanding Station, Harrisonville, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place this a.m. My location is in the extreme southeast corner of Bates County, about 2 miles from the west line of Saint Clair County, and about

