
the same from Vernon. Have been to Pleasant Gap and the Osage River, but was compelled to move here on account of forage. Have traveled over most of the southern and southeastern portion of this county, and have been unable to find forage, bushwacker, or human being as yet. Can obtain forage enough from Saint Clair County to last about ten days. Will then be compelled to move to some place yet unknown.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. FENTON SEYMOUR,

First Lieutenant Company C, Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding

CASSVILLE, MO., March 9, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Sprinfield, Mo.:

Lieutenant Bell, commanding detachment Second Arkansas Cavalry Volunteers at Yellville, communicated the 5th instant that he was reliably informed that all the small guerrilla bands in that portion of Arkansas are concentrating under Freeman with the intention of attacking Yellville.

L. REMIATTE,

Adjutant.

PRIVATE.] VAN BUREN, ARK., March 9, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS:

DEAR GENERAL: I arrived here last night after a pleasant journey of five days from Fort Scott. I have not yet seen General Thayer. Shall go to Fort Smith to-day. I learn, however, that the garrison there is entirely stripped of everything, even to taking down the telegraph wire. Not a man is left outside of Steele's command. There is great confusion in everything, and terrible indignation among the troops. It would be an easy matter for me to take command of all the troops heretofore belonging to the District of the Frontier, as officers and men are anxious for me to assume command of them, and they will cheerfully comply with whatever I may ask of them in defiance of Thayer and Steele.

Thayer's conduct since you left here, backed by a few men (among them Colonels Edwards and Judson), has been not only unsoldierly and ungentlemanly, but infamous. I shall not assume command until a change is made in boundaries and I have troops, as it would bring Thayer and myself directly in conflict, and have concluded it is better to lie quiet and await the development of matters at Washington, hoping that all may yet result as favorably as we could wish.

Yours, truly,

JAS. G. BLUNT.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., March 9, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM A. PHILLIPS,

(To be read by Major-General Blunt and forwarded):

DEAR COLONEL: I am in receipt of several communications from you, all in relation to different and important matters touching your command. I am glad to hear a good account of your expedition

