
south, for seeing a poor chance for support with cavalry I felt that you were not exactly arranged for the success which might have been realized by a complete equipment with all arms of the service and entire harmony on your left flank. Of course all expeditions making general movements by commanders of districts and posts and brigades must be submitted for proper arrangements and support to department headquarters for approval, as you will see prescribed by all orders, the proper exception being carefully designated. The shifts and changes of your superiors about the time of your movement made the delay of a movement from Fort Smith to join you as you expected.

But before doing anything in front we must arrange as to time of operation and defense, and see that they are maintained. I am glad to see you have started a train to Fort Scott. Apprehending difficulty, I anticipated your necessities by ordering a train from Fort Scott with ammunition, and boats up the Arkansas, and more teams from Fort Smith, and the accumulation of teams of oxen at Fort Scott. I hope by our joint efforts your troops will soon have rations and ammunition, and your command can be relieved from remote localities in search of bread, and located where they can watch the foe and check his assaults on the people. General Blunt's command includes all the Indian country, but when he is absent from Fort Gibson, below or beyond you, you can report all matters of importance direct to these headquarters also, so as to give me the shortest and fullest notice of everything in my department.

Proceed with the exterior works necessary to complete your fort, and I may at my leisure determine as to the building's interior. I am going to try to have flat-boats with corn sent down the Neosho, supposing the lumber in the boats may be used in constructing the platforms and other structures inside. The work already done does great credit to you and your command. In regard to protection to the Indians, you are right in making no promises which you have not power to perform. I only promise to do all I can. My troops must have strategic locations, not agricultural, but, in connection with our general arrangements to resist and subdue foes, protection should be and must be given to loyal persons as far as we can. I had also, very carefully, your communications to southern tribes of Indians, and your suggestions as to the great value of forfeited lands and property. This subject has already been made the gravamen on a communication to headquarters at Washington.

In regard to the Indian organization as troops I have written General Blunt. I desire to make the very best we can of them. Complaint is made that they are in great need of clothing. Full requisitions should be made for everything, and the proper chiefs of my command must furnish Indians as they do white men, and they must be treated with kindness, care, and diligence on the part of all my officers. My inspecting officers will be specially instructed to report abuses of power and instances of neglect toward the inferior or uninstructed connected with the service, and any officers that speak of such troops contemptuously, or treat them in such a way, should be specially reported. If he belongs to their organization he evinces an improper esprit de corps and should resign or have charges preferred against him. I will sanction the instances of leave which you have reported, but desire that officers stand at their posts as far

