
as possible. The fate of our nation evidently depends on the events of this year's campaign, and every officer should feel the importance of great efforts and endurance.

I remain, colonel, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,Fort Gibson, Cherokee Nation, March 9, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

SIR: The present disposition of my forces is: Three squadrons of cavalry and one company of infantry at Rhea's Mills, running the mill, thrashing wheat, getting forage, and cleaning out any bushwhackers there may be from the head of Cow Creek to the Butler Hills, near the southwest corner of Missouri. I have a company at Curnewash [?], under Lieutenant Sixkiller, to clean out the bushwhackers there; a company under Captain Smith Christie operating form the mouth of Sans Bois to Poteau River; a company under Captain Anderson on the head of Lee's Creek and to Dutch Mills; one company under Captain Tommy Tustanugge at Hillabee, Creek Nation, to bring forage with private or contraband teams; one scout toward Little River. I have one company making salt at Mackey's Lick.

I have ordered the other row of furnaces to be built up so as to make double the amount of salt, and have ordered the company to advertise in Arkansas that 1 bushel of salt would be given at Gibson for 1 bushel of wheat or corn delivered here, as we have greatly inadequate transportation. Besides these, I have other scouts and escorts out on duty, my design being to leave no bushwhackers living in our rear.

The troops here drill twice a day. I shall begin work on the fortifications when our next flour train gets in from Rhea's Mills, so that the men have full rations of bread, beef, and salt, at least. Health good; command in fine spirits.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

WM. A. PHILLIPPS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 9, 1864.

Major E. A. C. HATCH,

Commanding Independent Battalion, Pembina:

MAJOR:You are respectfully informed that your dispatch of 28th ultimo has been received. Father Andre and Major Brown were directed in their original instructions to report to you, and in the dispatch addressed to you from these headquarters dated October 9, 1863, the following passage occurs:

As superior officer of the forces on the British line you will instruct the agents named that they are subject to your orders, and will discharge the duties devolved upon them under your directions.

It is with some surprise, therefore, that General Sibley learns from your dispatch of 28th ultimo that these gentlemen had agreed upon some form of communication to the Indians, but did not submit the missive for your consideration before transmitting it.

It is to be feared that Father Andre, in his fervent and Christian zeal to avoid the further effusion of blood, and to induce the Indians

