
PORT HUDSON, LA., March 10, 1864-1 p.m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Your communication of March 9 has been received. Please inform General Banks that General Sherman's troops have not yet arrived, and I imagine that transportation is difficult to be had. The water is very low in Red River, and the gun-boats will not be able at present to reach Alexandria without a rise. Should there be none, the troops will be landed at Simsport and march up, to be in time to meet General Banks.

I have twenty-two gun-boats ready to start the moment the troops arrive.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

PORTER,

Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., March 10, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster, Dept of the Gulf, New Orleans, La.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding desires that no plains be spared by the quartermaster's department to keep the supply of forage good at Franklin for all the animals of the field column. There should be at least eight days' full grain rations and as much hay as practicable on hand there on the 13th instant.

Very respectfully, I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 61. New Orleans, March 10, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

10. Captain C. G. Sawtelle, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, having reported for duty at these headquarters, in obedience to orders from the War Department, is hereby assigned to duty at Brownsville, Tex.

He will report to the chief quartermaster of the department for instructions, and proceed at once to his post.

11. Battery F, First U. S. Artillery, is hereby assigned temporarily to the Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

14. Brigadier General C. Grover, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in the Defenses of New Orleans, and will immediately organize the movable portion of his division for field service.

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICH. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

