
as to make a march impracticable for at least four days. Should the storm not recommence I shall probably march on Monday or Tuesday next, and shall expect to strike the Red River below Alexandria within seven days thereafter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RED RIVER EXPEDITION, No. 3. Vicksburg, Miss., March 10, 1864.

The Red River expedition will leave Vicksburg to-day as about 3 p.m. The signal for getting up steam will be one gun from these headquarters one hour before starting. The signal for starting will be five whistles from these headquarters on steamer Clara Bell, to be repeated by the boats carrying division and brigade commanders. Upon the signal for starting being given, the boats will swing out into the stream, each general commanding leading his command, in the following order: First Division, Sixteenth Army Corps; Third Division, Sixteenth Army Corps; General Kilby Smith's division, Seventeenth Army Corps; the boats moving in the order laid down in the inclosed list.

The following signals are established for the running of the boats during the expedition: For starting or hailing, five whistles; for closing up, four whistles; for landing, three whistles. In landing, the divisions must be kept together.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

First, Clara Bell; second, Des Moines; third, Mars, Forty-seventh Illinois; fourth, Hamilton, Thirty-third Missouri; fifth, Baltic, Fifth Minnesota and Thirty-fifth Iowa; sixth, Chouteau, Eighty-ninth Indiana, Ninth [Indiana] Battery; seventh, Adriatic, Fifty-eighth and One hundred and nineteenth Illinois; eighth, J. H. Lacy; ninth, Southwester, Thirty-second Iowa; tenth, W. L. Ewing, Fourteenth Iowa, Third [Indiana] Battery; eleventh, Sioux City, Twenty-fourth Missouri; twelfth, Diadem, Twenty-seventh Iowa; thirteenth, Tutt, One hundred and seventeenth Illinois; fourteenth, Liberty, Forty-ninth Illinois; fifteenth, Emerald, One hundred and seventy-eighth New York; sixteenth, Hastings; seventeenth, Autocrat; eighteenth, Diana; nineteenth, Raine.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 53. Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 10, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

11. Major-General McClernand having been directed to assume control of military affairs on the coast and frontier of Texas, Major-General Dana is hereby relieved from command of the troops on the coast of Texas, and assigned to the command of the First Division.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

35 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

