HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Fort Esperanza, March 10, 1864.

Major General JOHN B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

There are several citizens within my lines whose families are at Lavaca and other points beyond there. They are fearful that those who are dear to them are in want, or if not now in that condition that they may soon suffer for the necessaries of life. Feelings of humanity alone impel me to propose that they be permitted to come where they may be under my care and protection. If you think proper to permit them to come, with the little household goods and comforts, I will cheerfully receive them. I suggest that if this meets with your wishes you send me a flag, either to McHerny Bayou by land or to this island by water, and notify me, and that an arrangement be entered into for me to send a transport either to Indianola or Lavaca to receive these unhappy people with their goods.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General, U. S. Forces.

The First Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, as reorganized March 10, 1864,* Major General N. J. T. Dana commanding.

First Brigade.

Brigadier General FITZ HENRY WARREN.

33rd Illinois.

99th Illinois.

8th Indiana.

18th Indiana.

21st Iowa.

22nd Iowa.

23rd Iowa.

11th Wisconsi.

Second Brigade.

Brigadier General M. K. LAWLER.

49th Indiana.

69th Indiana.

34th Iowa.

7th Kentucky.

22nd Kentucky.

16th Ohio.

42nd Ohio.

114th Ohio.

120th Ohio.

Provisional Brigade.

2nd Engineers, Corps d'Afrique.

3rd Engineers, Corps d'Afrique.

13th Infantry, Corps d'Afrique.

14th Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, First Battalion.

Artillery.

1st Missouri Light, Battery F.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &C.,Little Rock, March 10, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

DEAR GRANT: I intended to have written you a letter to-day to send by your aide, but I unexpectedly received dispatches from Sherman and Banks in regard to the expedition against Shreveport, which I have been answering. They are both mistaken in regard to

---------------

*Special Orders, No. 53, headquarters Thirteenth Army Corps.

---------------

