HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 10, 1864.

Major General F. STEELE,

Commanding Forces in Arkansas, Little Rock:

GENERAL: Major-General Banks desires me to inform you that a violent rain-storm has rendered the roads between Franklin and Alexandria impracticalbe for a few days, and that in consequence his movements, indicated to you in the dispatch forwarded by Lieutenant-Colonel Woodrow, will be delayed about four or five days.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., March 10, 1864.

Colonel W. D. WOOD,

Eleventh Regiment Missouri Cavalry, Salem, Ark.:

COLONEL: Your communication from 5 miles north of Salem, Ark., was received yesterday night. Glad you are coming. I send 400 men up your way to guard against possibility of an attack on your train. Kauffman, of the Eleventh, is up in your neighborhood somewhere. He was to pass over from Pocahontas to Wild Haws and may have met you ere this; place him in your column if you come across him. The detachment First Nebraska Cavalry will see you safely pass Polk Bayou or Evening Shade, provided you come that way or by the way of Wild Haws. As soon as you are by these places let the First strike out to find the enemy, pursuant to instructions furnished commanding officer, or send your train in with a guard and join them in hunting the enemy up. You will find the First au fait in handling bushwhackers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., March 10, 1864.

Captain LAWLER,

Company K, First Nebraska Cavalry Volunteers:

CAPTAIN: The following instructions will guide you in your movements while out on this scout: You will move as rapidly as possible by forced march to Wild Haws, sending a scout into Lunenburg to ascertain if any of the enemy are there, which scout will rejoin you without camping at Wild Haws. You will, if you find that the enemy has lately passed through Wild Haws, push in and overtake him, provided his movements were toward Salem or the neighborhood of Spring River.

The object of this movement is to protect a detachment of the Eleventh Missouri Cavalry, now on its way to this point, which you will join and see safely past Polk Bayou or Evening Shade. In the event that the enemy is near you after reaching the detachment of the Eleventh Cavalry, you will assist Colonel Wood, commanding

