
Eleventh Regiment, to capture or destroy them. After seeing Colonel Wood's train safely past the points indicated, swing to the west and come down to this point along the bank of White River, making frequent inquiries for the enemy, and hunting for him without much reference to his numbers, which you will ascertain by actual contact with him, it being a trick of his to try and intimidate young officers by having it reported he is very strong.

Damage the enemy all you possibly can by fighting him; seize all the large serviceable cavalry horses in the country, but no mares; give receipts for everything you take, and be kind and courteous to the people, giving every assistance in your power to loyal citizens. Prevent your men from pillaging or straggling. Your attention is called to the necessity of preserving strict discipline and reporting officers who fail to discharge their duties. Let no article of any kind [be taken], either forage, subsistence, or horses, except by an officer appointed for that purpose, and try and obtain enough horses to remount your regiment.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

EXECUTE MANSION,

Washington, D. C., March 10, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

Please carefully examine and consider the question whether, on the whole, it would be advantageous to our military operations for the United States to furnish iron for completing the southwest branch of the Pacific Railroad, all or any part of the way from Rolla to Springfield, Mo., so fast as the company shall do all the other work for the completion, and to receive pay for said iron in transportation upon said newly made part of said road, and if your opinion shall be in the affirmative, make a contract with the company to that effect, subject to my approval or rejection. In any event, report the main facts, together with your reasoning, to me.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

U. S. SENATE, March 10, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have been sick for some weeks past, which must be my excuse for not acknowledging the receipt of yours of February 14, ultimo. I wish you a safe deliverance from the Paw Paws, and also that you may have a pleasant and successful administration in Missouri. I very much fear, however, that you will find yourself constantly embarrassed by orders from the President, not through the ordinary channels. However, let us hope for the best.

I send you a copy* of some remarks in the Senate by me two days since.

With high regard, very truly, yours,

B. GRATZ BROWN.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

