
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, No. 38. Saint Louis, Mo., March 10, 1864.

I. All orders heretofore issued in this department, by whomsoever made, prohibiting the sale or distribution of any newspaper or periodical, are hereby rescinded, and no one hereafter is authorized to suppress the sale or distribution of any publication without instructions from these headquarters. Whenever publications are of such a character as to endanger the peace and safety of the military power or thwart its operations, the suppression of its circulation will be a measure of necessity to be judged of by the facts, and which must be submitted to the department commander.

II. All persons from within the rebel lines (including deserters from the rebel army) will take the oath of allegiance before, and be released only by, district provost-marshals, upon the approval of the district commander.

III. District provost-marshals will be considered as members ex officio of the staff of their respective district commanders.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., March 10, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to say that it is not deemed necessary to abandon Waverly and the whole of the eastern portion of La Fayette County, for the small number of bushwhackers there are about the border of Jackson County, and that Major Mullins has more troops than are necessary in that section of country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 10, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Missouri:

I respectfully call intention to the disadvantages resulting to the service from having no infantry in this district, to which I some time since referred. Our forage is now drawn a great distance, and having no infantry I am compelled to use constantly at this post two squadrons for provost guard, prison guards, garrison for Fort No. 1, and other post duty, which might be sent into forage districts, where they could do efficient scouting if they could be relieved here by infantry. I therefore respectfully request that two companies of infantry be assigned to my command.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

