
their delivery within thirty days, I venture my life that there would not be a slave within the limits of the State at the expiration of that time, unless he had hid himself away to avoid deportation; and I have no hesitation in saying, if it were practicable to dispose of the whole subject as indicated above, the best interest of the people of the State would be subserved thereby. But in my judgment it cannot be done, at least not now, and we can only commit the solution of this great question to the pregnant future, trusting that its ultimate disposition may be in consonance with the well-being and happiness of both races.

I am satisfied that under existing regulations every able-bodied negro who is willing will be enlisted, and, I don't believe it is either the part of wisdom or philanthropy to turn the aged and the decrepit and the women and children out upon the community helpless and dependent, to encounter the demoralization and suffering which must follow so helpless a population. If, however, the policy indicated by Lieutenant-Colonel Jacobson shall be inaugurated, without advising the people by some Congressional enactment or authorized military order that such is the desire and purpose of the Government, serious trouble will necessarily ensue, as the people will resist what they believe to be an unauthorized usurpation of authority.

I, of course, do not desire to impute to Lieutenant-Colonel Jacobson any improper motive, or any want of capacity to understand the purport and intent of existing orders. I must say, however, that in my humble opinion he has allowed his zeal to get the start of his judgment, and that I don't regard him as a very safe man to instruct subordinate as to the scope and extent of their authority.

In view, therefore, of the above facts, I most respectfully submit to the commanding general the propriety of issuing to all subordinates having jurisdiction over the subject of recruiting colored troops within the State of Missouri such instructions as will leave no room on their part for hesitation or mistake, and none for doubt or misconception on part of the people.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant Colonel A. Jacobson, assistant provost-marshal, for indorsement.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, March 14, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the major-general commanding.

I may state in general terms that I gave no instructions whatever to assistant provost-marshal on my recent tour of inspection. I need not say, therefore, that I did not instruct them to send detachments into people's kitchens for recruits, nor to send their guards to bring

