
humble judgment, and was intended only to place arms in possession of such persons as would use them for and not against the Government; but rebels and Southern sympathizers were the first to make use of it, thereby taking advantage of the designs of the authorities and imposing themselves upon them as loyal and Union men, when no acts or proof of their Union sentiments existed. The order issued by our present worthy and distinguished commander is a most excellent and sound order, but, in my humble judgment, issued too late to remedy the existing evil. An order to prevent the sale of arms and ammunition is not effective when parties are in possession of all they may wish by former purchases made before the issuing of the order.

Believing that I have given you the facts as the history of this county for the last twelve months and at the present time will fully prove to any unbiased mind and lower of his country, I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN P. CLARK,

Clerk Circuit Court, Audrain County, Mo.

[First indorsement.]

OFFICE OF ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Mexico, March 12, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Colonel C. W. Marsh, provost-marshal-general, for his consideration, with the information that the within statement is made by one of the most reliable Union men of this country.

A. A. RICE,

Lieutenant and Asst. Provost-Marshal, Third Sub-District.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, March 14, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the general commanding, for his information, and commenced to his consideration as coming from a reliable source.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint, Louis, March 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General O. Guitar, commanding District of North Missouri, for report.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,Macon, March 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned, with report that I am of the opinion that the communication of J. P. Clark is, as it was no doubt designed to be, more sensational than real. That the people throughout the country

