HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 10, 1864.

Honorable J. P. USHER,

Secretary of the Interior:

Yours of the 17th ultimo, on the subject of the protection of the "Indians of the Sourthern country" and to their "urgent necessities," and informing me "that it is the desire of the Government to establish these Indians in security in their own homes in time to enable them to make a crop the ensuing season, if it be practicable," has just been handed me by Brigadier-General Mitchell. I have recently visited the Indiana country below the Arkansas River, and my advance, under Colonel Phillips, went below the Canadian, sending me back reports relating to the enemy in front and the attitude of the tribes near the State of Texas on the waters of Red River. I am therefore somewhat personally informed of the condition of these Indians and their desires, and shall be glad to co-operate with your department in the efforts of the Government to establish these Indians in security in their own homes.

Feeling much anxiety that no erroneous expectations should be created at Washington, I took the liberty of writing His Excellency the President on my return from the South upon the subject of this desired protection, and I also here take the liberty of sending you a copy of a portion of that communication, I also send you a copy of a communication which I sent to Colonel Phillips, who was in the advance together with such of his replies as seem to me particularly interesting, to your Department, and also some overtures which he made to Indian chiefs before he got my letter. I desire to avoid by myself and my officers any acts that will prejudice the rights and purposes of my Government with these various tribes, and shall not initiate anything important without full instructions. I also desire especially to avoid all shortcomings on the part of the military department, and shall expect officers under me to hold out no expectations of defense or security of safety without special indorsement by me and the head of my department.

I do not fully understand your complaint of a "misadventure" last year in regard to the Indians because of representations made by "officers in control of the military of the country;" but you must perceive the impossibility of such local commanders knowing their own power of resisting danger, especially when in the mutation of war the white settlements and important cities of Kansas farther within our lines were devastated, sacked, burned, and the inhabitants brutally murdered. Without a vast deal more of force in this department I cannot promise security to whites or Indians, but I do promise you that with such force as I have I will use my best efforts to protect both.

Indeed, I take the liberty beforehand of disclaiming all promises of peace and security in time of war made by any subordinate officers in my command, and for myself I respectfully request you to review all my reports as nothing more than my best judgment, desire, and understanding my own forces as compared with that of the enemy. To-day I may confidently say I can guard the loyal Indians; but in June, when the grass and leaves furnish ample facilities for raids, ambuscade, and surprise, who can answer? Indeed, promises of security in the Indian country, with only our present force, cannot be made with any degree of propriety. The country has such vast, proportions, and our forces are so limited, it would be folly to

