
constantly united, I have given you, immediately and without maturity, such views as I now entertain, and apprise you of such measures as I have instituted relating to the Indians in my department.

I repeat to the honorable Secretary the assurance of my earnest desire to cordially and efficiently execute the military duties devolving on me, without the least prejudice to the proper functions of your Department, and to support and sustain you as far as my duties will allow; and I desire that you will properly inform the honorable Secretary of War or myself of any objections you may take to my views or measures, so that I may be immediately corrected, or may correct myself in the administration of my department.

I have the honor to be, sir, your very obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 10, 1864.

H. S. JENNINGS,

Hastings, Minn.:

SIR: You are respectfully informed, in reply to your communication of 9th instant, that I am not possessed of any information, official or otherwise, with reference to an overland expedition to Idaho from this State, other than the fact that a bill introduced by a Senator from Iowa contains an appropriation of $ 10,000 for the protection of emigrants on the route from Fort Abercrombie to Fort Benton, which has not yet become a law. The information furnished the military authorities from reliable sources indicate the formation of a combination of all the Sioux bands on both sides of the Missouri to prevent any emigration to Idaho by that river or overland. In my opinion it would be imprudent to attempt the trip until the route has been rendered safe by the troops, who will be dispatches for that purpose as soon as the season will permit, and who will sweep the country along the Missouri River. It is no doubt true, however, that a large number of emigrants are preparing to proceed to the gold region, ascending the Missouri in steamers. Whether the unsettled and dangerous condition of affairs will deter them for preceding the column of troops or not I am unable to state.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[MARCH 11, 1864.-For General Orders, No. 35, headquarters Department of the Gulf, in relation to the election of delegates to a convention for the revision and amendment of the constitution of Louisiana, see Series III.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 36. New Orleans, March 11, 1864.

For the better preservation of the public health, and to protect, as far as possible, citizens and soldiers from epidemics or contagions, a commission is hereby appointed to investigate, consider, and report upon the sanitary condition of the city and its vicinity, and to recommended

