
not arrive, this command will move without it on Sabbath morning, March 13 at precisely 7 o'clock, in the following order:

First. Advance guard of the company from the Second Brigade, followed by the pioneer corps with one wagon.

Second. Second Brigade.

Third. First Missouri Battery.*

Fourth. Second Ohio Battery.

Fifth. First Brigade.

Sixth. Ammunition train.

Seventh. Division headquarters baggage.

Eighth. Baggage of the different commands in the order of march.

Ninth. Supply and forage trains.

Tenth. A rear guard of two companies from the First Brigade.

A commissioned officer will march in the rear of each company to prevent straggling, and the rear guard of each battalion will arrest such stragglers as are not provided with a surgeon's permission to ride, and report them to their respective brigade commanders. Great care will be taken that no building or outhouse be burned, or any kind of property destroyed on the march.

This order will be read at least to all the commissioned officers of each battalion.

By order of Brigadier General R. A. Cameron:

OSCAR MOHR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Mattagorda Island, Tex., March 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

COLONEL: Leaving New Orleans on the 6th instant, by the first available boat, I arrived here on the 8th. Upon arriving I learned from General Dana that our stores, lately at Indianola, had been already removed to our camp on this island, pursuant, to the order of the general commanding the department, and that our forces would follow from there on the 10th instant. Without disembarking here, I immediately proceeded to Indianola to inform myself of the situation there and returned next morning to this island.

I found that the works in course of construction there were far advanced toward completion, but were extended quite up to, if not beyond, the capacity of the force there to man them. On the 10th, ferrying over the intervening waters and riding toward Indianola, I learned that one of our transports there had been partially beached by a strong gale on the night of the 9th, and that our troops would be temporarily delayed there in consequence of that fact. It is represented to me that they will reach here by to-morrow or next day.

The country for some distance around Indianola is understood to be quiet. Yesterday and to-day I examined the works on this island, and find that they are being as rapidly constructed as the present available force will permit. As soon as our forces at Indianola arrive, the details for fatigue will be increased and the progress of

---------------

* Battery A, First Missouri Artillery.

---------------

