
soldiers to cheapen. Colonel Du Bois estimates the pecuniary saving alone in this way on each regiment at upward of $24,000 per annum. The season is already so far advanced that action, to be successful, must be very prompt.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

Washington, D. C., March 11, 1864.

General ROSECRANS:

SIR: I take the liberty of addressing you on a subject about which my constituents and, as I know, a large majority of the people of North Missouri feel very great solicitude. I am informed from several sources that secret association are circulating petitions or getting up a movement the object of which is to secure the removal of General Guitar and the appointment of General McNeil to the command in North Missouri. The bare possibility that McNeil should be brought back among us strikes our whole people with apprehension, and is encouraged by none unprincipled adventurers who do not desire the peace of the country, or reckless schemers who would sacrifice the quiet of the country for party purposes.

I have been satisfied that for more than six months all that part of North Missouri comprised in the Eighth and Ninth Congressional district would be far better off without soldiers or military interference, because where soldiers have nothing to do, which is the case there, they do mischief. But if an officer or soldiers are to be retained in that section of the State, as one who has known long, well, and thoroughly the people of that section, I am satisfied no one will inspire the same degree of confidence which General Guitar does. I am sorry to see an order issued from the provost-marshal at Mexico, in North Missouri, prohibiting the sale of arms and ammunition. The order will be respected by law-abiding men who need arms; it will be disregarded by the rouges and criminals.

For the last year the robbers were the only class of people who were thoroughly armed, and the people unarmed were at their mercy, and those scoundrels were encouraged in their depredations by the defenseless condition of the people. There is no remedy for this but to permit the people to bear arms; no force in Missouri would give the security to private persons and property that this alone would give. As the ruffians cannot be disarmed, let peaceable citizens have the means of defending themselves. In the sentiments above expressed I convey the opinions of three out of the four members of Congress from North Missouri. I am encouraged to address you thus freely by the character you have established of desiring full information on all things relating to the well-being of your department.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. HALL.

LEXINGTON, MO., March 11, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commander of Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I herein send you a copy of an order issued by General E. B. Brown, at the instance of a political trickster, who was been

