
ousted from a seat in Congress, to arm all the citizens indiscriminately, loyal and disloyal; and as the disloyal are largely in the majority, it is expected the loyal men of our county will flee as refugees to other places, or be assassinated by their relentless enemies, that they may control the polls and have it all their own way at the fall election, when, by the aid of the disloyal element in this Congressional district, this detested slavery propagandist and rebel sympathizer may again be foisted into power, in utter contempt of the wishes of the law-abiding citizens of this district.

To avert this dire gallantly with which we are threatened, we most respectfully pray you, general, to interpose your authority; refuse arms to our implacable enemies, who pretend loyalty only from force of circumstances, which many of them openly avow, and who but a few short months ago enrolled themselves disloyal, the record of which is now in the possession of the commander of the post. It is arranged that the loyal and faithful soldiers, who have heretofore been our protection, shall be sent out of our Congressional district, so as to create a seeming necessity for the order in question. It is all a political trick. We are well pleased with the gentlemanly officers and soldiers who are stationed here, and desire no better protection so far as their number goes, there being but two companies (G and H) of the First Missouri State Militia Cavalry here.

Should an occasion occur, the loyal citizens of this place will rally in defense of their homes and families, as they have frequently done before. In asking your interference in this matter, general, be assured we have no selfish or private ends in view. We have lived here through all the vicissitudes of peace and war, which characterized this part of the State ever since the beginning of the rebellion; therefore, we are well capable of judging the character, and motives of those of whom we speak. An attempt was made last fall to get up a Paw Paw brigade to enact the same scenes that took place on the other side of the river. Now, if the order in question be carried out, their hellish designs will be consummated under the false pretense of calling out all the militia. We respectfully submit our case to you, general, believing you will do us justice.

Very respectfully,

SAM. F. CURRIE,

Mayor City of Lexington, Mo.

[And 208 others.]

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, No. 12. Warrensburg, Mo., March 10, 1864.

The protection of the citizens of the country from the acts of bad men demands that every person should be required to assist in the re-establishment of law and order, and that this may be the more effectually done all male citizens capable of handling a gun who are known to be reliable, honest men, and who will support and defend the Government of the United States, will be organized into companies for local defense and police. Commanding officers of the Second and Third Sub-Districts will detail competent officers with sufficient force, to whom will be assigned the duty of enrolling the citizens, and who will be stationed at central points in the vicinity of which there are a sufficient number of inhabitants to form companies.

As soon as the lists of names, with those of the officers selected, are

