
made they will be forwarded to these headquarters and the requisite arms and ammunition will be furnished. When the companies are organized and armed one-tenth oft the whole number will be detailed by the commanding officers for patrol and guard duty. This duty will be confined to the precincts within which the companies are organized and the details may be changed every three days, so that the whole company will be on duty once in a month's time.

The detail will be increased when, in the opinion of the company commander, the public good demands it. In case of danger the alarm will be give and every man will be put under arms. Commanding officers of companies will give timely notice of the number of the detail for patrol duty, so that the necessary arrangements can be made to promptly comply with them, and do as little injury to private interests as possible. The officers will be elected in the same manner as is required by law for the organization of the Enrolled Missouri State Militia. Major M. Chapman, acting assistant adjutant-general Fifth Military District, will have special charge of the arming of this irregular force in La Fayette, Johnson, and Sabine Counties. As soon as the enrollment and organization of the Enrolled Missouri Militia is perfected, the companies on duty in obedience to this order will be relieved by companies of Enrolled Missouri Militia.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo. March 11, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to State that your communication, through Captain Steger, has been received in relation, to Waverly and Major Mullins' command. Major Mullins is assigned to the duty of scouting the eastern half of La Fayette County, and I have no such intention as that of abandoning the whole, or indeed any part, of the eastern portion of La Fayette.

I thought the troops could scout the country more efficiently under the command of one officer, and in the field, than they could from the stations divided; and to thoroughly scout the brush and rid the country of bushwhackers, I deemed it best to have three companies in the field, except such as were left to guard the post at Lexington. Captain Burris, with three companies, is assigned the duty of scouting the western half of La Fayette and protecting the towns of Wellington and Chapel Hill. Major Mullins has no order to go into the western portion of La Fayette with the three companies under his command, and I supposed his force in the eastern half of La Fayette would give sufficient protection to Waverly and vicinity. Since receiving your communication, however, I have ordered 40 men of Company A, First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, to return to Waverly and scout the country in that vicinity until further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

