HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 11, 1864.

His Excellency W. P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri:

GOVERNOR: I have just learned that the public records of Saint Clair County (Osceola, the county seat) were, during the siege of Lexington, seized by military authority and were placed in custody of responsible commission merchants in Leavenworth City, where they now are. It seems to me these papers might now be delivered into your hands, by you to be properly returned or otherwise disposed of as may seem best. The charges for storage, $30, being paid, the box of books and papers will be sent to your address.

The circumstances of seizure, and parties engaged, are not known to me and it is not necessary they should be, as I suppose the good of the service and safety of records demanded it at that time, but might be occasion for recriminations now. I therefore consider it better to avoid the inquiry as to their former history.

Hoping that your administration may properly discourage rebellion and favor the progress of loyal sentiment in Missouri, I am, governor, very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

CHELSEA, BUTLER COUNTY, [March] 11, 1864.

General WOOD:

DEAR SIR: The springs is approaching, and the season for guerrillas will soon be at hand. Quantrill is known to be south of the Arkansas River, and I think he will probably try his hand in Southern Kansas. He will have to cross the Arkansas River west of Fort Blunt and then press round the Osage Indian settlements to reach Kansas. That would bring him so far west as Greenwood County. There is a road running south from the mouth of Valnut River to old Fort Arbuckle, Fort Cobb, and Fort Wichita. These forts are situated nearly due south of this place, and the refugees say they are well garrisoned, and it is from that quarter that we apprehended danger.

An expedition in Kansas will be likely to get their outfit at one or the other of these posts, and they would then be likely to enter Kansas on the road traveled by the U. S. troops when they evacuated the forts and left the country at the commencement of the rebellion; and it is a well-known fact that Black Dog's band of Osage Indians are between the Cimarron and Canadian Rivers, about four days' march from this place. General, I hope you will use your influence to get stationed on the border sufficient to protect our country from the murderous and desolating raids of the guerrillas.

We want troops by the middle of April, and I will keep my command in readiness to co-operate with them at all times on short notice. Do what you can for us.

Yours, respectfully,

G. T. DONALDSON,

Captain, Kansas State Militia.

