
Captain Samuel Caldwell, Eighth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general, at headquarters.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Pierce, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, quartermaster, not yet joined for duty.

Captain Michael C. Garber, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, acting quartermaster, at headquarters.

Captain William B. Armstrong, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, depot quartermaster, corner First and Levee streets, New Orleans.

Lieutenant Colonel Michael P. Small, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, commissary of subsistence, on duty in Department of Virginia and North Carolina.

Lieutenant Colonel William Sinclair, Third [U. S.] Artillery, assistant inspector-general, 47 Union street, New Orleans.

Major Adolph Schwartz, Second Regiment Illinois Volunteer Light Artillery, chief of artillery and ordnance, at headquarters.

Major Maurice Maloney, FIrst [U. S.] Infantry, commissary of musters, Odd Fellows' Hall, Camp street, New Orleans.

Major Jacob R. Ludlow, surgeon of volunteers, medical director, absent on leave.

Major John Bradley, surgeon of volunteers, medical inspector, acting medical director, 47 Union street, New Orleans.

First Lieutenant Charles B. White, assistant surgeon medical department, acting medical purveyor, at headquarters.

First Lieutenant Phineas S. Conner, assistant surgeon medical department, acting medical inspector, on inspecting tour.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. Warmouth, Thirty-second Regiment Missouri Volunteer Infantry, acting judge-advocate, at headquarters.

Captain William R. McComas, Eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting topographical engineer, at headquarters.

Captain Joseph B. Gorsuch, Eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting provost-marshal at headquarters.

Second Lieutenant Henry Jayne, Seventh Regiment Illinois Volunteers Cavalry, acting aide-de-camp, absent on leave.

II. Commissaries and acting commissaries of subsistence will draw their supplies direct from Colonel E. G. Beckwith, chief commissary, Department of the Gulf, until an acting commissary of subsistence for the corps is announced.

III. The attention of the major-general commanding has been called to the fact that staff officers, not authorized to do so, have in some instances undertaken to make orders, indorsements, &amp;c., in his name.

It is a well-settled rule that communication to and from a commander and those under his command should pass through the officers of the adjutant-general's department alone. The observance of this rule is necessary, both to prevent confusion and contradiction and to insure the record of such communications. By regulations and usage, officers of the other staff departments and officers on special duty are authorized to correspond directly on subjects relating to their respective administrative duties; their approval or disapproval or the indorsement of their opinion on papers not originating with them is frequently required; but all such letters, indorsements, and writings, of whatsoever kind, should be signed by these officers in their own names and not as by order. Matters arising within the army corps which require the action of the major-general commanding,

