
proceed to Arkansas and ascertain whether or not a rebel force was organized there as reported. He returned yesterday and reports that in consequence of the inclemency of the weather he was unable to proceed farther than West Plains. While at West Plains he fell in company with a small squad of them, and ascertained from them that Colonel Love was organizing a force at Rocky Bayou, in Arkansas; that it numbered about 300 men, and that a raid in this direction was intended in a short time. I have sent the spy out again with instructions to proceed to their camp and ascertain their exact intentions. I will keep you well advised of their movements. On the 8th, I sent a scout of 6 men down Big Piney River, who have not yet returned.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, sir,

THOS. THOMAS,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Jefferson City, January 11, 1864.

Colonel JAMES McFERRAN,Commanding Sixth Sub-District, Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: The border counties, Jackson, Cass, and Bates, have been added to this district, and the troops now in them ordered to Kansas as soon as relieved by the Second Colorado Cavalry, now en route for that country. The Red Legs of Kansas, seeing that the execution of this order will remove them so far from your sub-district that successful forays cannot be made into it, will perhaps make one last effort to plunder it. In order to secure the country against any attempt of this kind, you will station small bodies of your regiment, at short distances apart, along the border, with strict orders to protect the country from these men. Arrest all parties who cannot give a good account of themselves. I shall immediately issue orders permitting all citizens who are willing to obey the laws and assist in sustaining them, and who profess a willingness to defend themselves and the Government of the United States, to return to their homes with arms in their hands.

I am, truly, yours,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Warrensburg, Mo., January 11, 1864.

General E. B. BROWN,Commanding Central District of Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I have received information to-day from all the stations in this sub-district, and am able to say that the country is quiet. No crime of any magnitude has been committed within the last ten days, that has come to my knowledge, within this sub-district.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McFERRAN,

Commanding Sixth Sub-Dist.of Central Dist.of Mo.

