
Quantrill's raids, which, as you know, spring out of apparently quiet localities or from the hills where only 10 or 20 had been seen at any one time. It is best, therefore, to be as watchful and wary as possible. Sigel once said to an officer in my room. "We better consider the rebels all have very good guns and shoot very straight."

So I always think myself; we better always regard our foes as pretty well prepared to strike us if the least opportunity occurs.

The matter at Olathe, od which you speak, had already come to my notice, and some change was made by sending another company with an officer of higher rank. The matter will be referred to General McKean, who now goes to that district command, and will be carefully corrected. I wrote you recently, but supposed you had not received my letter when you wrote me. I agree with you that the Ninth Kansas is the best regiment to keep on the border, and I have sent Colonel Chipman to Washington to try to have it retained. Since they are moving away from the line, I begin to get dispatches showing anxiety and alarm on the border. I suppose you are in telegraphic communication with me. If you hear of any assembling or movement of rebels, send me word in time to co-operate, or send word direct to Olathe, or Paola, or Fort Scott, where I am having a line completed from this place.

I remain, general, very truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 12, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

I am directed by the commanding general to say that the infantry force at his disposal at present is not sufficient to enable him to send you any for the relief of the mounted troops doing infantry and heavy artillery duty. You must do the best you can for the interests of the service, and you will be held as freed from responsibility in the premises.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 12, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have directed Brigadier General A. Sully, U. S. Volunteers, with such staff officers as he may need, to proceed to Saint Louis, Mo., to prepare supplies and fit out his expedition for a campaign against the hostile Sioux during the coming season. May I request that you will give him such assistance as is in your power, through the staff officers of your department?

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

