
FRANKLIN, LA., March 13, 1864-7.40 p.m.

Brigadier-General STONE, Chief of Staff:

Under the orders contained in your second cipher dispatch, three brigades of cavalry move to-night at 8 o'clock; the fourth moves in the morning at 4 o'clock. I can perhaps get off one brigade of infantry to-morrow, but no more, and its movement, in my opinion, will not expedite the general movement. Only 110 wagons are here available for a general supply train, leaving no baggage wagons for any of the Thirteenth Corps. I understand that the remainder of the wagons cross at Berwick to-day. These teams are to haul the pontoons, too. Ought not the pontoon to be here before any general infantry movement; also the entrenching tools?

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS RED RIVER EXPEDITION,On Steamer Clara Bell, March 13, 1864.

Brigadier General T. K. SMITH,

Commanding Div., 17th A. C., Red River Expedition:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you disembark your command at 8 o'clock this morning, leaving a sufficient guard on each boat to protect the regimental property. The men will be provided with 40 rounds of ammunition only, and will be drawn up in line under arms parallel with Atchafalaya Bayou, fronting west, and held in readiness to move forward as a reserve to General Mower's column.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RED RIVER EXPEDITION, No. 6. On Steamer Clara Bell, March 13, 1864 .

I. You will have your command in readiness to march at 7 o'clock this p.m., provided with five days' additional rations (to include the 20th instant), the rations to be of the following proportions: Coffee and salt, full rations, sugar, one-half; hard bread, three-fifths; bacon, one-fifth, of the regulation allowance. Each man will be provided with 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridge-boxes, and 40 additional rounds per man will be carried in one of the regimental wagons. The men will go light, leaving their knapsacks and taking only their blankets . The surplus camp and garrison equipage, clothing, and stores will be left on the boats as they now are, leaving on board with it a sufficient guard to prevent its being stolen. Officers will leave their baggage behind, taking only what is absolutely necessary for the next five days.

The boats will be in charge of Admiral Porter, who will give a signal to get up steam by blowing one long whistle, one hour after which he will repeat the same signal, at which last signal every boat will immediately follow the flag-ship, keeping well closed up. No other change is ordered on the code of signals prescribed March 12, from these headquarters, which will be followed implicitly.

On the march no straggling will be allowed. Each brigade commander will detail a proper foraging party, in charge of a field officer,

