
to procure the necessary subsistence for the brigade. General Orders, No. 5, current series, from these headquarters, will be strictly enforced.

By order of Brigadier General A. J. Smith:

J. HOUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, No. 56. Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 13, 1864.

I. Major A. C. Matthews, Ninety-ninth Regiment Illinois Infantry, is hereby appointed acting assistant inspector-general, First Division, and will enter upon his duties at once.

Any and all officer heretofore on that duty at headquarters First Division are relieved.

II. Major-General Dana, commanding First Division, will report as soon as practicable the stock of engineer tools and materials in store or in use within his command, including bridge materials and pontoons, and whether land transportation for the same is provided; also what additional supplies in the above respects he may deem necessary to provide his command against the ordinary contingencies of siege, attack, or march.

III. Major-General Herron, commanding Second Division, will report as soon as practicable the stock of engineer tools and materials in store or in use within his command, including bridge materials and pontoons, and whether land transportation for the same is provided; also what additional supplies in the above respects he may deem necessary to provide his command against the ordinary contingencies of siege, attack, or march.

IV. Captain M. C. Garber, acting quartermaster, will report as soon as practicable the means of land transportation with the First and Second Division, including their attached troops, and any deficiency existing in this respect. He will also take timely steps to provide an adequate supply of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and of entrenching and cutting tools, to meet all ordinary demands from these division, whether in garrison or on the march.

V. Major Adolph Schwartz, chief of artillery and ordnance, will report as soon as practicable the condition of the artillery and ordnance of the First and Second Division in general. He will report in detail the number, kind, and caliber of pieces available for immediate use in garrison and in the field, the supply of ammunition for the same, and the present station of the several classes of guns and their ammunition. He will also take measures to supply any deficiency existing in the artillery service of these division, so that they may at all times be ready for defensive operations or an offensive campaign.

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 13, 1864.

Major-General DANA:

GENERAL: Hearing that an accident had occurred, I visited the ferry landing this evening, and found that the boats used in crossing

