
has crossed both ferries with exception of the One hundred and fourteenth Ohio, which has crossed one and is crossing the second, and unless the gale should increase in violence, all the troops, artillery, and baggage will be over both ferries by noon to-morrow. I am persuaded that the lieutenant of the Second Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, who was in charge of the ferry at McHenry Bayou, is not chargeable with neglect or inattention in the mournful accident which has occurred, and respectfully recommend that I be allowed to release him.

I have the honor to remain, with much respect,

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 13, 1864.

Major General N. J. T. DANA,

First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding, having learned that the bridges between Bayucas Ferry and Indianola were left intact in rear of your troops, directs that they be effectually destroyed, or, if it can be conveniently done without delay, that the materials be brought to this island.

By order of Major-General McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 13, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General STEELE,

Little Rock, Ark.:

I advise that you proceed to co-operate in the movement of Banks and Sherman on Shreveport, unless General Grant orders differently. I send to him the substance of your telegram of the 12th.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., March 13, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: A negro, Sam. Marshall, who resides in Leavenworth, reports to me that yesterday he went over to Platte City, Mo., to get his children, who he was told would be allowed to come away free. The children were at a Mr. Green's. Sam. went in daylight with a team driven by a white man, and made no demonstration of insolence or disrespect to anybody. He was arrested by the military commander, one Captain David Johnson, of the Missouri militia, who talked to him about the impropriety of his conduct. The sheriff, one Jesse Morris, also lectured him and told him the captain would send a guard to take him away, as it was a wonder he was not killed.

