
SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have issued the following general order, and respectfully request its approval by the department commander telegraphed to these headquarters:

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, No. 3. Springfield, Mo., January 10, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Colonel A. W. Bishop, First Arkansas Cavalry, is at his own request relieved from duty as chief of cavalry at these headquarters, and will join his regiment for duty.

II. Major Austin A. King, jr., Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, is hereby assigned to duty as chief of cavalry and inspector of this district, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order, &amp;c.

This order is issued because the service of Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop are absolutely necessary at Fayetteville and that section, with the Arkansas troops, and he is desirous and willing to serve there.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, Mo., January 11, 1864. [Received 13th.]

General SANBORN,Springfield, Mo.:

The general commanding is desirous that the mounted portion of the First Arkansas Cavalry shall [be] pushed out from the line now occupied by them to a region where forage is procurable. If the regiment is not necessary to guard the telegraph line, if it can be possibly spared, the horse part of it should be divided into three battalions and sent southeast from Fayetteville until they strike a good forage section. The battalions should be kept in supporting distance of each other, and, if practicable, near enough the telegraph line to be called on in emergency. They should be kept in constant readiness to be used as movable columns for service against guerrillas or other service required. Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop can give you valuable and reliable information about that section of country. Colonel Harrison will be kept in his present position, and should be in direct command of the dismounted portion of his regiment left on the telegraph portion of the regiment. Your order relieving him from your staff is approved.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 11, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Nearly all mounted troops at Fayetteville, Ark., except the battery, were moved to King's River, about 20 miles southeast, more

