
them. The general commanding directs that you detail parties from your company and direct part of them to cross the river at Forsyth and patrol the country up the river to keep the guerrillas away from the banks of the river while the boat is floating down. Direct the parties remaining upon this side of the river to patrol the country and keep the guerrillas from the north bank. If these instructions are executed promptly, the general commanding thinks there will be no difficulty in floating the boat down safely to Forsyth.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

PRIVATE.] HEADQUARTERS INDIAN BRIGADE,

Fort Gibson, Cherokee Nation, March 13, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

DEAR SIR: I received a note from General Blunt, dated at Fort Scott, and although he had assumed no command I forwarded, at his request, complete reports of the condition of my command . It is, I presume, not necessary that I should offer any opinion of the disposition of affairs that parties over me feel it necessary to make. I have ever obeyed cheerfully and shall while I remain in the army. There is, however, a certain degree of self-respect which it is incumbent on me to maintain, and there is also a duty I owe my Government which bids me urge-

First. Why this Indian command is placed subject to the disposal of a general who recommenced to the Secretary of War the moment I left this place sick last summer that it be mustered out of the service as worthless.

Second. Why an officer who has been under arrest nearly the whole of his term in the army, and who has been relieved because he was considered crazy, should be sent down to demoralize any portion of the Indian command. It is very true that General Blunt has very kindly ordered the Second Indian Regiment to Mackey's Lick, where it can report directly to him, because he says he "ranks me." I understand it very well that he is to be held there as a sort of rod over me unless I am sufficiently decide, silent, and acquiescent of schemes that my duty and my conscience might lead me to condemn.

Do not understand me, general, as having any complaints to make or solicitations. I think I know that I owe obedience, no matter how humiliating and painful. But with the most profound respect for the discipline and authority of that army of which I form a part, and with the utmost respect for you, I desire to appeal to you as a soldier and gentleman let me hope, friend. I wish to say to you that I have made the strugglers and sacrifices I have made with the hope of making the Indian command an honorable success. Three times have I picked it up when in ruins, when every one else was discouraged, and made it what it is again to-day, a good part of the army, inspirited by hope, improving, useful.

It is my misfortune, or fortune, to have a popularity and position in my State which renders it desirable to some persons that I should be humiliated and overthrown. If I was alone I might consent to

