
U. S. Army. Suppose the contingency to arise which is contemplated in that part of the letter underscored with red lines [italics], what am I to do? Our country never will be perfectly adjusted in all its parts, having reference to its progress and to the development of its great mineral resources, until we have a post and a naval station on the Gulf of California. Guaymas is a beautiful port. It seems to me that when the fruit has ripened and a man stands ready to help us and our children to some of it, some which we absolutely need, that if we can do so without breach of faith, if we can do so by the consent of the owner of the fruit himself, we would not be very astute or care properly for children if we permitted a stranger from after afar to come in between ourselves and that man, and from sheer audacity, not from any right, to eat the fruit before our eyes and under our very noses.

I write this with all due respect for the owner of the fruit.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

TUSCON, ARIZ. TER., March 2, 1864.

DEAR GENERAL: I found upon my arrival here a bad state of things with regard to supplies, and a condition of things, I judge, not anticipated by yourself. My official communications will more fully explain matters and my action. Whether right or wrong, I have done what, under the circumstances, was best, in my judgment. The route via Guaymas will be the cheapest and quickest at present. It is necessary that the quartermaster here be supplied with funds, and these mostly in San Francisco. Coin is the currency which makes the mare go. The price of mechanics and laborers, &amp;c., in the Government employ on the Rio Grande will not suffice here. Supplies and labor must be had here, or the troops be ordered away; if the former obtains, the prices of the country must be paid. The reports of rich mines and the exhibition of the yellow metal therefrom stampede the people, and they have the vision of a fortune before them.

Mr. Oury and Rodgers, of this place, returned to-day, having been out to meet the Governor and Major Willis, whom they did not find, but have been doing about the country with thirty days' rations. They went within about 30 miles of Fort Whipple, but had to leave their wagons some 65 miles this side; they report a severe snow-storm in the vicinity of and to the north and east of the fort, and that Colonel Chavez had left for the east, but a portion of his party had returned on account of the storm; supposed the advanced party would suffer. The general report is unfavorable for the location of Fort Whippe. A location on the San Francisco (Rio Verde on the map) or Salinas is reported a better place, in which view I concur; it is the heart of the Indian country, will give equal or more protection to miners and settlers, and can be more easily supplied. There will be difficulty and delay in getting supplies to the present Fort Whipple. From the drought of last season crops have been short, and cattle are reported to be poor and dying off in Southern California and Sonora.

I hope to leave here on the 4th instant, with preparations to pack a part of the distance. We have secured a little jerked beef of the

