
commissary, just purchased at 60 cents per pound. No other meat to be had unless we can get some sheep, which Lieutenant Toole is after. Some cattle offered for sale were too poor to kill, but fat enough to die soon, probably. Mining parties have asked for troops to be stationed at their mines, to escort their machinery, &amp;c., and the Indian Department (Mr. J. Ross Browne and Colonel Poston, Indian superintendent) ask for guards, escorts, transportation, &c., to visit Indian tribes, which "Mr, Lincoln has a great solicitude for," and to grind their own axes. Poston is deeply interested in mines, as reported. The quartermaster here, in accordance with previous arrangements with the Pima Indians and Mr. Allen, has been getting grain there, which was been and now is in only source for this article of supply until some can be purchased and hauled. Colonel Poston appointed White Indian trader, who is a rascal, and is speculating in grain purchased of the Pimas, after he promised to stop; but in several ways he has proved himself not the man to trust. At present, this grain is a military necessity to the Government, and I have acted according with this view. Doubtless there may be some trouble and words about the matter.

Indian superintendents, agents, and traders in Arizona just now are, as such, bores and nuisances to the military department and should be placed in abeyance. Pesquiera (governor of Sonora) had a fight with the Apaches at Fronteras, Sonora, the other day, and killed 107 and took 6 prisoners; followed them within 40 miles of "Apache Pass" (within our lines). This report comes by letter to a person here; it is generally believed true, except that the number killed may be too large; but Pesquiera has been trying to trap them there for some time. At Fort Bowie I learned Cochise was about that town. It is recommended by Colonel Coult and Lieutenant Toole, as well as by others, and by others asked for, to have troops stationed in the vicinity of Tubac; the main trail of the Apaches to Sonora passes down the Sonoita Valley and west of the Santa Rita Mountains and between Tubac and Reventon.

Resons for the post: Commands the Indian route to Sonora; the protection it will afford to a good agricultural region, and thus cause to be produced a large amount of supplies needed by and offered to the Government, and the general protection thus afforded to a large mining interest. Reventon is urged by Colonel Coult and others. One company of cavalry might go there for the season perhaps. People cannot raise stock and cultivate their arms, `tis said, without some protection against the Apaches; it is doubtless true.

Colonel Coult reports that Pesquiera is friendly to the United States, and says, entre nous, that in case of necessity or trouble in his State from the French, he will raise the United States flag and ask our assistance. If our Government will only allow our people to act in the matter, Sonora will soon be ours. Colonel Coult is anxious to go down and with the troops here, when the proper opportunity arrives. I cautioned him to do nothing to complicate our international affairs with Mexico, or take any hasty steps in this matter.

First, you must be consulted, and you would either authorize some action in certain contingencies, or you would refer the matter to Washington for instructions in the case.

Sonora must and is bound to be ours; it is well to have the question considered, and be prepared for whatever may turn up. It is essential to this Territory. We want the ports on the Gulf of California

38 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

