
Pesquiera is very much of an independent, sovereign, I am told. My information relative to his feelings toward us, the United States, comes from several sources. The subject was mentioned to me by Colonel Coult, confidentially.

The matter of taking the grain of the Pima Indians I wish you would consider and communicate with me or Colonel Coult on the subject. The general opinion here is against White as trader, and Colonel Poston's friends do not approve of his tenacity in upholding him; there is some reason for it; he has a bad reputation, but this is not the question. Is it right to take the grain to meet a military necessity? And is a contract made with Mr. Allen (previous to civil authority being established) by the military authorities now good, since the Indian superintendent has arrived?

The agreement expires in June next. I have not made a point in the case, except to say the grain we want and must have, and if Mr. Allen is the agent through whom it is to be secured, then he shall be sustained and protected to this extent.

With regard to veteran volunteers, I have told Colonel Coult that, pursuant to my understanding of your instructions to me, he could discharge, subject to your approval, those soldiers who wished to enlist as veterans and have them re-enlisted, and that if the action received your approval it would be final, and a mustering officer would be directed to muster out and muster in from date of discharge of said men. He has acted on my advice, and will, I believe, send you these conditional discharges -some fifteen, I think.

The matter should be decided and completed without unnecessary delay, so that these men may be properly reported on the monthly returns and muster-rolls. I shall request the commanding officer at Las Cruces to send this mail to you by special express, for time is important in putting things to rights here.

The commissary here should have $15,000 to $20,000 at once, to buy flour and fresh beef. The contract for fresh beef at 13 1/2 cents per pound is made.

Flour will be bought at the same price, or 14 cents per pound, to the amount of 50,000 to 75,000 pounds. It is fortunate I sent Ochoa's train to Sonora for forage, I think. You will see how matters stand, and will direct as you think best.

Yours, truly,

N. H. DAVIS,

&amp;c.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY,

Saint Paul:

DEAR GENERAL: I have been here two or three days and have commenced my work looking after boats. I think I will have no difficulty in getting all the boats I want, but captains, pilots, and all acquainted with the river urge on me to move sooner than was intended by us when we parted. Could you not by moving grain up the river manage to get your troops started from Lac-qui-parle sooner than 1st of June? Please write to me and let me know what you think. My movements will have to depend on yours. I am very anxious to get my boats up the river and as far up as Union

