
as soon as possible. I have had a long talk with Chouteau and Son; they think the Devil's Lake post is of no use. I wish General Pope would give it up.

With respect, yours,

ALFRED SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, D. C., March 14, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

New Orleans, La.:

GENERAL: I give you herewith an extract from a dispatch which was addressed to the Department by Mr. Corwin, the minister of the United States in Mexico, on the 26th ultimo. In view of the representation thus made by Mr. Corwin, the President thinks it necessary that you should be specially charged to do whatever is practicable, consistent with the national safety and dignity, to avoid any collision between the forces under your command and either of the belligerent in Mexico, and even to guard so far as may be possible against suffering any occasion to arise for dispute or controversy between your command or the authorities of Texas and either or both of these parties.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 15, 1864.

The foregoing instructions having been submitted to this Department are approved, and General Banks will conform to them.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.] No. 52.] LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Mexico, February 26, 1864.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, &amp;c.:

SIR: Since the date of my dispatch, No. 51, the French forces have advanced north as far as San Luis Potosi, possessing themselves of all the cities on their line of operations. Juarez, with his government, has retreated first to Saltillo, then to Monterey, where, according to the latest news, he has established himself. It is said that Vidauri, who has been absolute dictator in three northern States for the last three years, refused to permit Juarez and his troops to enter Monterey; whereupon General Doblado, commanding the liberal forces, assaulted the city, took it, and drove Vidauri with a few of his followers out, who retreated northward.

It is rumored that Juarez intends to make his last stand at Matamoras, on the Rio Grande. Should the French pursue him to that point, there will be great danger of collision between our forces on that frontes and one or both of the belligerent. The Marquis de

