
to the enemy than it ever promised to be, request a course of great mildness (not wishing to pass it over in absolute silence), which I feel certain will produce much greater and better results for the service than any which could be pursued.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. G. WOODSON,

Colonel Third Cavalry, Missouri S. M., Commanding Post.
HDQRS. FIRST CAVALRY, MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Warrensburg, Mo., January 1, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding District of Central Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that as far as I am advise, marauding has nearly ceased in this sub-district. The only outrage that has come to my knowledge within the past ten days of magnitude was the murder of John Shriver by Paris Hammons, at Lexington, on the 25th ultimo, heretofore reported. The men of my regiment have not been in the service two years, and cannot therefore volunteers as veterans prior to January 5, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES MCFERRAN,

Colonel, First Cav., Missouri State Militia, Commanding Regiment
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., January 1, 1864.

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

I have sent your dispatch about mail matters to the postmaster here, with request that he will issue instructions at once to correct the evil if within his province, and if not to refer the matter to the nearest special agent of the Post-Office Department. In the meantime I advise you to take a responsibility in the premises, authorized by the custom of the service under like circumstance. A reliable commissioned officer has much greater responsibility to the Government than any postmaster, and can be trusted to protect its mails. I should authorize any reliable commissioned officer going through to Fort Smith with an escort to take the mail, nolens, volens, until the mater is arranged by the Postmaster-General or his authorized.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield Mo., January 1, 1864.

Colonel JOHN E. PHELPS,

Commanding at Cassville, Mo.:

COLONEL: Do not go on a scout this cold weather. If you go to Carroll County, you will need a larger force than you can spare. Complete your organization as soon as possible. You must be at Cassville when Cameron and recruits arrive. When the weather is fit you can have more force by applying to headquarters.

JOHN B. SANDBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

