
LOUISVILLE, KY., March 14, 1864-2 a. m.

Major General F. STEELE,

Little Rock:

Major General W. T. Sherman is now commander of the Military Division of the Mississippi. You will therefore threat his request in regard to your co-operation with Major General N. P. Banks accordingly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 14, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of March 11, in regard to sending other troops to the Department of the Missouri. The policy of placing in Kansas and Western Missouri troops from other States, entirely free from local prejudices and animosities, is one which I have advocated for more than two years; but political influences have successfully opposed it.

In my opinion all Kansas and Missouri troops should be removed from the borders of these States and sent to other departments. Your application for the Forty-fourth Ohio Regiment was submitted to General Grant when here, but he deemed it necessary at the time that all furloughed troops hold return to their proper commands. He will probably return here in a week or ten days, when the condition of your department will be presented for his decision. I shall fully indorse your views in regard to a change of troops on the frontier.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES OAKES,

Actg. Asst. Pro. mar. General of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.:

COLONEL: The military prison and station at Alton, Ill., have been, by general orders of the War Department, placed in the Department of the Missouri, under my command. The commanding officer, Colonel William Weer, Tenth Kansas Volunteers, complains that he now receives orders not only from me but from you and from the Secretary of War direct, as also from the Commissary-General of Prisoners direct; that in some cases these orders are conflicting and consequently embarrassing to him in the proper performance of his duties. I shall address a communication to the Secretary of War, asking that all order for Colonel Weeber be passed through me. May I ask of you that any instructions you may have to carry into effect, through Colonel Weer, be also passed through these headquarters?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.

