HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, March 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN N. HERDER,

Commanding, Pilot Knob:

How large a cavalry force can you start to-morrow morning,to make a rapid raid and reconnaissance to the Arkansas line, under Major Wilson, of the Third?

CLINTON B. FISK.

PILOT KNOB, MO., March 14, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding Post:

Of all I have been informed I sent you a report yesterday. Captain Johns, at Patterson, telegraphs Freeman, Crandall, Dick Boyce, and Barnes are at Eleven Points River, Oregon County, robbing and burnig; their men are scattered all through that country in small gangs. Colonel Joslyn, just returned from below, tells me, from an interview with Captain Johns, that these banditti are at least 500 to 600 strong, and becoming troublesome, killing Union men, women, and even children without discrimination. Something ought to be done speedily. Not knowing yet how far my command extends, I did not know whether I could operate against them, and asked your advice.

JOHN N. HERDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

PILOT KNOB, MO., March 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

Captain Leeper telegraphs from Patterson that he has men in camp who left Batesville on the 3rd instant, and he reports that colonel Livingston is killing a good many jayhawkers; that McRae and Freeman are together, and have left Crowley's Ridge and gone to White River, about Jacksonport; that it was reported that the rebels had captured a steam-boat with supplies for Colonel Livingston; that the rebels had also captured a forage train of 32 wagons, in 10 miles of Batesville; that McRae had been re-enforced from Price with 800 men and three pieces of artillery; this was only report, however. He also states that there is no enemy between here and Batesville, except guerrilla bands; that they were very bad, killing, stealing, and destroying property of loyal men. Leeper further says to give him two more companies, and he will clean the country to Arkansas.

JOHN N. HERDER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD SUB-DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, OFFICE ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL,Warresburg, March 14, 1864.

General BROWN:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you for this month as follows: As your ordered the men to the field. I was whit them under Captain Burris. The day following Captain Blunt was killed. I left camp

