
compelled to fall back to Neosho, and then I will report to you if Major Burch has not returned. It will be impossible for me to keep cavalry here, but if the commanding general wishes any post held here I can stay here with 30, 40 or 50 men, and send the balance back with the animals in order to obtain forage. There are very few bushwhackers in this part of the country, though there are a few.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OZIAS RUARK,

Captain, Commanding Co. L, Eighth Missouri State Militia Cav.

WASHINGTON, March 14, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

General Curtis applies to retain the Seventh Kansas, now on furlough in his department. Numerous applications of the same kind have been made. I shall order every furloughed regiment back to its former command till you direct otherwise.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, March 14, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

The Secretary of War directs that the Seventh Kansas Regiment immediately return to its former command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 14, 1864-10.30 a. m.

General CURTIS,

Leavenworth City, Kans.:

Neither yourself nor any officer under your command will exercise authority over any troops not within the limits of your department when the order establishing it was issued. If any orders have been issued assuming command of troops outside of such boundaries, they will be immediately revoked.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 14, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

General Sully will move from the upper Missouri with a considerable force against the Uncpapas and other hostile bands of Sioux as soon as the grass is sufficiently advanced to subsist his animals. He needs another battalion of cavalry and I have none in this department. One battalion of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry is now with him. The remaining two battalions I sent to your department at the

