
request of General Schofield when he was in command. They are, I think, on the Nebraska frontier. As the expedition of General Sully is directed against the hostile Sioux along the northern frontier of Nebraska, I have the honor to request that you will, if possible, return to me one battalion of the Seventh Iowa Cavalry or the battalion of the Second Nebraska Cavalry now in service in your department.

I only with the services of that battalion for the summer, and it will be returned to you, if you wish, at the termination of Sully's summer campaign, or sooner if possible. As the results of this expedition are directly connected with the security of the northern frontier of Nebraska, and with the safety of the overland route via Kearny and Laramie, the troops I ask will serve, no doubt, as useful a purpose with him as at their present stations. Will you please inform me, at your earliest convenience, whether you can left me have them? If you can comply with my request, the battalion should repair to Fort Randall or Sioux City by the 1st May, and report to General Sully. It will be a great favor to me and of benefit to the public interests if you can comply with this request.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 14, 1864.

J. O. BOGGS, THOMAS JOHNSON, W. R. BERNARD, and S. HOUCK,

Com. of Unconditional Union Men, Westport, Mo.:

GENTLEMEN: Yours of the 29th ultimo, concerning the danger anticipated on the Santa Fe road, and recommending Major L. K. Thacher, Ninth Kansas, as a good officer for such service, is just received. I appreciate the kind sentiments expressed by you toward the people of this department, and I am glad to feel that your association will exert its effort to aid my troops and the loyal people on both sides to keep down the rebels that hover about the border.

I do assure you I will do all in my power to protect the trade, but I am very sorry to say this Ninth Regiment is order out of my command. I have requested that the order be rescinded, and I will forward your communication to show the propriety of my views in urging that the regiment should remain. I also send you a copy of the reply which I made to a letter similar to yours from the people of Kansas City, which is suggestive of some of my difficulties and our reciprocal duties.

I have the honor to be, gentlemen, very truly, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, March 14, 1864.

Major-General POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: It is represented to the War Department that the main emigration from the Western States to the Idaho mining region his

