
spring will probably move from Fort Kearny by Fort Laramie, thence north, crossing Powder River near the mouth of Willow Creek, striking the Yellowstone at the mouth of the Big Horn, and thence up the Yellowstone and its tributary streams, where the gold is found in largest quantities. It is also reported that this emigration will require military protection through the Indian country from the vicinity of Fort Laramie to the Yellowstone.

It has accordingly been proposed that a part of your expeditionary force against the Indians move up the Niobrara or North Cheyenne and establish military posts on Powder River and the at the mouth of the Big Horn, the latter being supplied by steamers, which it is said can navigate the Yellowstone, and perhaps above. In communicating to you this information it is not intended to direct any changes in your plan of campaign, founded on such information as General Sully and yourself may be able to collect from all the sources at your command. It is proper, however, to remark that the foregoing views are urged upon the War Department by persons who claim to be well acquainted with the present condition and wants of Idaho Territory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

MILWAUKEE, March 14, 1864-11 a. m.

(Received 3.35 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Will you please reply to my letter of March 1, asking that authority be given to General Sully to enlist or employ 200 frontiers-men as scouts for Indian expedition?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

Notice to emigrants by way of the Missouri River and the upper plains to the Idaho Mines.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,

Milwaukee, Wis., March 14, 1864.

The indications of a heavy emigration to the mines of Idaho during the coming season, across the plains and by the Missouri River, seem to render it proper for the general commanding this department to publish some information and suggestions which emigrants will find it judicious to consider carefully. All information and every indication from the plains of the upper Missouri point to a combination of the powerful band of the Yanktonais Sioux (who were driven to the upper Missouri by the expeditions of last year) with the Uncpapa and other strong banks of the Teton Sioux, south of the Missouri, to obstruct the navigation of that river, and to resist the passage of emigrants across the upper plains.

It seems likely now that a concentration of these Indian tribes will be made early in the spring at some point on the Missouri above the mouth of Grand River. A large force of cavalry, under General Sully, will march against them as soon as the grass of the prairies is sufficient to subsist the animals, and will give battle to the Indians, or otherwise secure peace with them. Until this expedition moves, it will be unsafe for any steamers to pass up the Missouri River

