
KANSAS CITY, MO., January 11, 1864. [Received 7.10 p.m.]

Major-General SCHOFIELD, Washington, D. C.:

I have ordered most of the Eleventh Regiment into Missouri border, so that it may go with me if I am going to the field. I hope you will return the regiments you mean to send there that I may take them. Telegraph what is probably to be done with me.

THOMAS EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, January 12, 1864.

Major-General BANKS, New Orleans:

GENERAL: You were informed some months ago that leaves of absence from your department would not be extended by the War Department unless such extension was recommended by you, and that a permission would not be regarded as a recommendation. Nevertheless, applications for extension of leaves on your permission to make them are frequently presented, and they are urged on the ground that the applicants are informed at your headquarters that such permissions are considered as equivalent to recommendations. In order to avoid any further misunderstanding on this subject, I desire that your staff officer be notified that the orders of the Secretary of War are positive that leaves of absence will not be extended unless recommended by commanding general of the department to which the officer belongs, and that permission to apply is not regarded as a recommendation that the application be granted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, January 12, 1864.

Major-General BANKS, New Orleans:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs me to call your attention to a report of the Commissary-General of Prisoners of War that he has received no rolls or returns of prisoners of war held in the Department of the Gulf, although he had addressed you a letter on the subject on the 6th of November last. It is also reported that there are several men belonging to the Fourth Massachusetts Regiment now in Middleborough, Mass., captured and paroled at Brashear City in June last, but of which no report was made to the Commissary of Prisoners, as required by the orders of the War Department. Moreover, it is stated that rebel prisoners of war, paroled in violation of repeated orders, in the Department of the Gulf, have come North without any reports or returns being made to the Commissary of Prisoners. These things would seem to indicate some serious defects in the organization of your staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

