
THIBODEAUX, LA., March 15, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: As the troops at Brahear City are under the command of General Franklin, I telegraphed to him to know if the One hundred and thirty-first New York Volunteers or any part of it could be spared from that post. He answered that nothing could be spared from there. I do not think it advisable to leave the railroad without a fair guard against guerrillas in small numbers. Unless a regiment of the Corps d'Afrique can be spared from Port Hudson, I think it would be necessary to leave five companies of the Ninetieth New York along the La Fourche and railroad, posted as follows: Two small companies, 60 men, at Donaldsonville; one company at La Fourche Crossing' one at Tigerville, and one at Bayou Boeuf. In addition to this there will be 12 men who ave unfit for field service, a provost guard at Houma, and the same number at Napoleonville. A company of cavalry might be left to scout throughout the district.

This arrangement would leave but three companies of the Ninetieth New York free for field service, and leave about 1,600 effective men in the Second Brigade. It seems to me that a regiment of the Corps d'Afrique ;might relieve the Ninetieth altogether. If not, do the proposed changes meet your entire approval?

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 15, 1864.

Brigadier General C. GROVER,

Commanding Second Div., Nineteenth Army Corps, Thibodeaux:

GENERAL: The commanding general approves your dispositions at Donaldsonville, &amp;c. The Third Brigade has been ordered to report to you. The Second Brigade has also been ordered to report to you on the arrival of Fourteenth new Hampshire, expected in ten days. the major-general commanding desires you to concentrate at Brashear or Berwick City instead of Thibodeaux. The Third Maryland Cavalry has been ordered to report o you at Brashear. You will therefore make proper provisions for Thibodeaux. A squadron of the Second Louisiana Cavalry has been ordered to relieve that of Third Maryland Cavalry now serving there, so that you can have all the Third Maryland with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 15, 1864.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Franklin, La.:

GENERAL: The pontoon train is reported across the bay at Berwick.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

