HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 15, 1864.

Major-General FRANKLIN,

Franklin, La.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 3 p. m. received and submitted to major-general commanding, who desires that the troops should advance as rapidly as practicable, leaving, if necessary, an escort for the pontoon train. That rain ought to be at Franklin to-morrow. Department headquarters train and cavalry will await the major-general commanding at New Iberia. He will leave on Thursday morning and expects to reach New Iberia Thursday night. He will overtake you at Vermillionville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 14. Near Franklin, La., March 15, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow morning in the rear of the train of the Fourth Division, in the following order:

First. The First Brigade.

Second. The Second Ohio Battery.

Third. the First Missouri Light Artillery, Company A.

Fourth. The Second Brigade.

Fifth. The pioneer corps.

Sixth. The provost guards.

This order will be exactly inverted on the next day, and each alternate day thereafter. The rear brigade will furnish one regiment, which will follow in the rear of the ammunition train of Lieutenant Shileds, which train moves in the rear of our division train. The train of this division will move each day in the order of the march of the troops led by the headquarters wagons. The division will be ready to move 6.15 in the morning, and will start as soon as the baggage train of the Fourth Division is out of the way, without further orders.

By order of Brigadier-General Cameron:

OSCAR MOHR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH, 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 1. Burns' Plantation, La., March 15, 1864.

In pursuance of instructions from the major-general commanding Department of the Gulf, the undersigned hereby assumes command of the Third and Fourth Divisions of the Thirteenth Army Corps, and announces the following staff officers on duty at these headquarters:

Captain C. E. Dickey, assistant adjutant-general.

First Lieutenant G. I. Davis, Eleventh Illinois Infantry, aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant G. W. Richardson, Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry, acting assistant inspector-general and aide-de-camp.

First Lieutenant J. D. Tredway, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry, acting assistant quartermaster.

