
Captain P. H. white, Chicago Mercantile Battery, chief of artillery.

Surg. John S. McGrew, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry, medical director.

Second Lieutenant John M. Shields, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry, ordnance officer.

T. E. G. RANSOM,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Burne's Plantation, La., March 15, 1864.

This command will march at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning in the following order:

First. Fourth Division, Colonel William J. Landram commanding.

Second. Third Division, Brigadier General R. A. Cameron commanding.

Third. Division trains in same order.

Fourth. Lieutenant Doole's trains, reserve ammunition. No wagons will be allowed in advance of the rear division. The ambulances will follow in rear of regiments.

The orders of General Franklin, relating to discipline of troops, marauding, straggling, &amp;c., will be rigidly enforced. A division field officer of the day will be detailed daily to assistant division commanders in enforcing these orders. Commanding officers of companies will march in rear, and the second in command in advance of their companies, to prevent straggling. The division officer of the day will place guards at all houses or other property on the line of march liable to be destroyed by the troops. The rear division will relieve the guards placed by the advance division, and direct them to report to the officer commanding rear guard of the train. The roll of each company will be called each evening on going into camp, and lists of absentees forwarded to division commander.

No animals, vehicles, forage, subsistence, or other property will be seized except by authority from division commanders. Inspectors of divisions will frequently inspect the trains, and are authorized and instructed to throw out all articles not authorized to be transported by General Franklin's orders. An officer or officers will be designated by each division commander, who will see that persons do not ride in wagons, ambulances, or on animals, unless properly authorized to do so. Negroes attached to regiments must be organized and marched in body in rear of their regiment, and not permitted to straggle. All quartermaster will move with their trains and be held accountable for the conduct of their wagon-masters and teamsters. The rear division will detail daily one regiment, with instructions to move whit and in rear of the whole train, to guard it and to facilitate its moments. The Third Division will take the advance on the second day's march, and each alternate day afterward.

By order of Brigadier General T. E. G. Ransom:

C. E. DICKEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 15, 1864.

Brigadier General FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: You will please instruct the commanding officer of the Sixty-ninth Indiana Volunteers that whilst his regiment remains on

