
duty at the Irishman's to keep out a strong and efficient line of pickets extending across the island from gulf to bay, and will caution them to be at all time watchful and vigilant and guarding against the approach of the enemy.

Your will further instruct him to allow no one to pass out the lines except upon papers properly approved by the corps or division commanders, and to send to these headquarters all parties, whether citizens or deserters from the enemy, who may present themselves at the lines for admission. Inclosed I send you countersigns for one week, which you will please forward to Colonel G. W. K. Bailey.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 15, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major-General STEELE:

Move your force in full co-operation with General N. P. Banks' attack on Shreveport. A mere demonstration will not be sufficient. Now that a large force has gone up Red River it is necessary that Shreveport and the Red River should come into our possession.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, March 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. M. WAUGH,

Commanding, Clarksville:

The major-general commanding directs you make the country infested with guerrillas and those who are aiding them uninhabitable as soon as practicable.

Respectfully,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., March 15, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM D. WOOD,

Commanding Eleventh Regiment Missouri Cavalry, Batesville, Ark.:

COLONEL: The following instructions will be carefully followed by the expedition sent out from your command and ordered to cross White River to-morrow morning at daylight: The expedition will be divided into two parties of 100 each immediately after crossing. One party will proceed down the south and west sides of White River, through Oil Trough Bottorm, Grand Glaize, and strike Little Red River at West Point; the other will proceed through Fairview to the same point, where a junction will be made; the whole party will then move up the north side of Little Red River to Clinton, in Van Buren County, thence to Locust Grove, Richwoods, Sylamore, and down the bottoms of White River to Batesville, along the south and west side of White River, unless they can find means of crossing the river at Sylamore, which, if possible, they will endeavor to do, and in that event they will return to this station by the way of Lunenburg and Lafferty's Creek.

