
These directions are general and to be used a sa guide for the movements of the party. Should, however, the officer in charge find it necessary to deviant from the route indicated to enable him to strike the enemy within a reasonable distance, let him do so by all means, so that he embraces the country included in the line of march. This expedition must be instructed to give any assistance in their power to loyal men in that section of country through which they pass, and the troops must be held under rigid discipline. No acts of incendiarism or pillaging on their part will be overlooked, and kindness and courtesy tot he defenseless citizens is expected at their hands; and their general conduct must be such as to show the people that we are here to protect them and not to rob or molest them.

All those enemies found wearing the uniform of the U. S. Army will be instantly shot, and all guerrillas will be treated in a similar manner. Confederate soldier swill be treated as such, and those of them whom you capture will be held as prisoners of war and vigilantly guarded. The officer in command will endeavor to forage off well-known disloaylist, always giving receipts for everything he takes,a nd ordering the parties to report at Batesville for payment. He will drive into this station all the bee-cattle he can find without causing suffering to the inhabitants who need work-cattle at his season to cultivate their land. He will also leave a sufficiency of corn, even with well-known disloyalists, to subsist them, never leaving any of these parties from whom he takes forage in a state of destitution. There are a number of u. S. mules in the country captured from a train lost by Captain Castle; wherever such are found they will be taken and the men holding them arrested and brought there for examination. Extreme caution in positing pickets and guarding the approaches to his camp are expected of the commanding officer, and he will remember that though a brave man can be conquered a good soldier is never surprised. A journal such as in prescribed in regulations must be kept and a prompt report made on the return of the detachment. All property captured will be turned over with the prisoners to the district provost-marshal at this place immediately on the return of the expedition.

By order of Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, commanding district:

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Smith, Ark., March 15, 1864.

Honorable CHARLES A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

The line is down between this place and Little Rock, so that I cannot communicate with General Steele by telegraph. I therefore send this direct to you. If General Blunt has telegraphed to General Curtis or to the War Department that i have agreed to refer any question of jurisdiction here to the War Department it is a mistake, for I have nothing to refer. There is no question at issue between us. I am in command of all the troops in this district, which is in the Department of Arkansas, by orders from Major-General Steele. My command embraces the western portion of arkansas, exclusive

