
will be best effected by disciplined, well-officered troops from other States. This will require from one to two regiments of infantry and four regiments of cavalry from elsewhere, but it will disband 2,500 Enrolled Militia and enable us to more than double the force we thus borrow by converting the Missouri troops now in the U. S. service into U. S. volunteers, ready for duty out of the State. This change of troops is demanded by many high considerations, political and economical, and all the more necessary in view of the approaching political canvass for State officers and policy. The people are ripe for it, and it will save expense.

Third. The ten regiments of Missouri State Militia troops now in our service ought to be converted into the U. S. volunteers or disbanded. This will save us $250,000 per annum, and increase the efficiency of the troops which will then be available for service outside of the State.

Fourth. When these are effected these Missouri, Kansas, nd the Arkansas troops should be combined and sweep the country west of the Mississippi to the Gulf.

The season is advanced, and to make effectual work ont eh suggestions proposed, your immediate decision should be announced. Further reasons and details relating to these views will be furnished if desirable.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FIRST LEAVENWORTH, March 15, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

GENERAL: I am better off for general than troops, bud dislike to spare General Ewing; yet if you can help the border question by assigning General Ewing to duty on your side, I shall cordially approve. Yesterday I sent an officer, formerly a resident of Missouri, to inquire after certain rebel recruiting officers, who are said to be concealed in Platte County. The officer returned this morning, having fully satisfied himself that they are there, but he did not disclose the matter to militia company on duty, as he regards them suspiciously, knowing them personally as Southern sympathizers. I will sen you the captain's report.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 15, 1864.

TELEGRAPH OPERATOR,

Cairo, Ill.:

Ascertain when General Sherman will be at Odin, and telegraph answer to Brigadier General Thomas Ewing there. Say to General Sherman that General Ewing goes to Odin to meet him at my request.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

