
it is disposed of in such a manner as to create disorder and crime. Examine the accounts of all the assistant provost and receive and settle with them for moneys received by them for licenses to sell liquors, to the date that you see them. determine upon the qualifications and competency of each of the assistant provosts for his position, and report your opinion on your return. In making your trip through the district, determine, if possible, whether the good of the community or interest of the service require that any assistant provost-marshals should be stationed at points where they are not needed. Assure the people of the design of the Government to furnish protection, and endeavor to restore and establish confidence by your intercourse with then. Learn if any families are accustomed to harbor guerrillas at this time in the district. Comply fully with any instructions given you by the district provost-marshal, and report fully upon all matters on your return to this place.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS., March 15, 1864.

(Received 9.50 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Please inform me upon what ground you caution me against assuming command of troops outside of my boundaries. General Blunt, using the words of my order, has assumed command of the Indian Territory, including the military post of Fort Smith, proceeds the ambiguity relating to military post of Fort Smith and troops, purporting it has been submitted to headquarters for explanation [sic]. Pending that issue, the troops report to Brigadier-General Thayer, out of my command. All the troops that were in this department, near Fort Smith on the organization of the department, have been moved into Arkansas, and will of course require orders from you to bring them back. the posts of Laramies and Fort Halleck, on the overland mail route, have been reporting through the District of Colorado to these headquarters, although they are probably north of my department. Are these troops excluded from my control, or shall they, as formerly, continue to so report?

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 15, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Dept. of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

General McNeil and General Ewing are both here. It is doubtful to which department McNeil belongs. I am in great need of a competent officer for a district commander, in arranging matters in the Northwest, and there are political reasons why Ewing will be non-available just at this time. I have therefore taken the liberty of ordering him on duty here. The order not being issued is held for your consent, which will, I hope, be given, as it will help me greatly.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

