
Minnesota, General Sibley will send forward four companies of infantry, with a train of supplies sufficient to subsist them until the 1st of November, to the point on James River selected as the site of the post heretofore specified, with the necessary orders to establish the post and make every arrangement for the winter. General Sibley will also assemble at Fort Abercrombie,a s early as possible in the spring, the four companies of infantry which are to constitute the infantry garrison of the post at Devil's Lake. These companies, with a train of supplies sufficient for them until November 1, will move out as soon as practicable to some convenient point on the upper Cheyenne, and there encamp until notified by proper authority, when they will move forward to Devil's Lake, and in like manner establish the post hitherto designated. General Sibley is charged with the establishment of these posts and with the permanent supply of the post on James River. The post at Devil's Lake will be supplied for the winter as hereinafter specified.

General Sully, as soon as he has been joined at Bordache Creek by the force from Minnesota, will march up the river and endeavor to bring the hostile Sioux to an engagement. If they are found concentrated at any point on the river, it is hoped that his campaign will soon be successfully ended. In case the Indians have failed to make this concentration, and are not found on the river, he will make such division of his command as my be judicious and pursue the scattered bands, it being the purpose to prosecute an active campaign both north and south of the Missouri River during the entire season. Circumstances, which cannot now be foreseen, must guide General Sully in the division of his forces and in the direction and extent of his operations. It is to be distinctly understood, however, that no treaties are to be made with any Indians now hostile which provide for any presents of money or goods, or any annuities of any kind whatever. The Indians will simply be given to understand that they are directly responsible to and under the supervision of the military authorities, and so long as they are peaceable and do not molest the white emigrants or other white men they will be kindly treated and not interfered with, but that if they commit any depredations or molest the whites in any way they will be immediately attacked by the troops.

This is the only arrangement in the way of a treaty that should be made with Indians. In addition, the yanktonais, Santee, and Sisseton Sioux, as wall as any other smaller bands of Sioux Indians who have hitherto infested the frontiers of Iowa and Minnesota, are to be notified clearly and decidedly that under no circumstances will they be permitted, even in the smallest parties, to go farther eastward than Devil's Lake and the line of James River, nor farther south than the trail from the post on James River to the post near mouth of Long Lake. As soon as General Sully has opened the Missouri River he will send up the four companies of infantry on bats to establish the post on the river at or near the mouth of Long Lake. This post will be the depot for supplying the post at Devil's Lake and must be supplied whit stores accordingly. To the officer who is charged with the command of the force which operates on the north side of the Missouri River, General Sully will give particular instructions to have a good wagon trail opened between the mouth of Long Lake and the post at Devil's Lake, and as soon as it is ascertained that there is no force of Indians near Devil's Lake the fact will be reported to General Sully.

