
Thus far there are awe indications that the First Regiment Minnesota Volunteers will be reorganized or recruited to the minimum, so that it is not at all probably I shall make any application to you for the removal of the Sixth Regiment from this district, that being entirely contingent upon it being replaced with the First Regiment with full ranks. It is very evident that not a man can safely be spared from the force in this district.

I am, general, with high respect, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 15, 1864.

Major J. R. BROWN,

Fort Abercrombie:

SIR: Your two dispatches of the 8th instant have been received and General Sibley directs me to reply to them. It was decided imprudent to risk the removal of the camp of Indians from Pembina to Abercrombie with so insufficient a guard, and the result may be looked upon as fortunate. Orders with regard to the disposition of these Indians will go up in day or two. Mean time the men should be carefully watched so as to prevent any chance of escape.

The news brought from Grabril Renville's camp would seem to indicate the descent of the buffalo to the lower part of the James and Cheyenne Rivers. Measures will be taken, so soon as the season will permit, to dispatch a force in that direction, as a post will be established with a strong garrison at the head of the Coteau, or on the nearest point on James River, if sufficient timber is to be found, of which you are probably informed. You will remain at Fort Abercrombie until further orders, occupying yourself in procuring and transmitting all reliable information as to the movements of the Indians which you can obtain.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 15, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM CROOKS,

Commanding Second Sub-District, Saint Peter:

COLONEL: From information received through the medium of the scouts employed and stationed near the head of the Coteau des Prairies, there is reason to apprehend that a few young men belonging to the camps of the hostile Sioux are now on the war-part toward the settlements of Minnesota or Iowa, and may strike unexpectedly. You will, in view of such a contingency, at once dispatch scouts to the several stations both north and south of the Minnesota River, with instructions to be on their guard and to patrol the intervals between the posts and outside of the line of settlements constantly, so

