HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 16, 1864.

Major-General DANA:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to state, in answer to your dispatch of this date, that you will receive and forward to these headquarters any respectful communication coming from the enemy under a flag of truce which you may believe to have been sent in good faith. It scarcely need be added that the precautions to be observed in such cases are prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 42, Department of the Gulf, May 8, 1863.

With very great respect,

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, March 16, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Briwnsville:

Let the two companies of the Twenty-second Ohio Infantry remain at Austin until further orders from General Kimball or these headquarters.

By orders of Major General F. Steele:

WM. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., March 16, 1864.

Colonel C. C. ANDREWS, Commanding Post:

SIR: The undersigned, citizens of Montgomery County, Ark., and members of Company L, Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, would respectfully urge the necessity of sending cavalry into our country for the relief of our families and friends. Deeds of cruelty and barbarity that would shame Indians are of daily occurrence. On the 1st instant the wife of Mr. James Dosier was shot through the shoulders, and her child (one year old) shot through the arms.

On the same day Dr. Brown, of Cedar Glades, was shot down, mortally wounded, and his brains then blown out. William Gray (citizen) was shot in a brutal and cowardly manner on same day. The plundering of houses, breaking and burning of cotton cards, wheels, &amp;c., belonging to Union citizens is of common occurrence. The petitioners respectfully ask that a force of cavalry (say 100) be sent into the above county, forage, mills, &c., being abundant. It is suggested that as our company is not armed, guides be selected from it for the troops sent, should any be ordered.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

OLIVER ADAIR, AND 85 OTHERS,

Citizens of Montgomery County.

FORT SMITH, March 16, 1864.

(Received 6 p. m., 17th.)

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

As I am cut off from telegraphic communication with General Steele, and have been for several days, by the lines being down, I send this dispatch directly to correct any misapprehension that my have been attempted. If General Blunt has telegraphed the General-in-Chief,

