
have found some of the ponies among the Kiowas which belonged to their friends, and say if they do not return when the grass grows, they will then know that the Kiowas have killed them. Both tribes are making preparations for war, and if it comes all the tribes will become involved.

I would recommend that the garrisons at Forts Kearny and Lyon and Larned be strengthened, so that if necessary the settlements may be protected. If the Indians go to war among themselves, I fear that it will extend much farther.

MILWAUKEE, March 16, 1864.

(Received 2 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Either Brackett's battalion or one battalion of Seventh Iowa or Second Nebraska Cavalry will be needed for the summer only. Have written to General Curtis to know whether he can spare one of these battalions for the summer; will return it to him in the autumn. Will telegraph as soon as I hear from him.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 16, 1864.

Colonel M. T. THOMAS,

Commanding First Sub-District, Saint Peter:

COLONEL: In view of the mild weather, and of the fact that reliable information received at these headquarters represents the buffalo as coming down the valleys of the James and Cheyenne Rivers, and that they are followed by the Indians, you are requested to enjoin upon the commnadants of posts, stations, and detachments in your sub-district the exercise of the utmost vigilance and activity in guarding the approaches to the frontier against any small party of hostile Indians who may be drawn thither by the hope of plunder. Any such attempt should be followed by the speedy destruction of the savages. It is of the utmost importance that the first raids attempted should be signal failures, in which casey they will not readily be followed by others. General Sibley has the utmost confidence in your management of such matters, and only instructs me to call your attention to the necessity of caution because of the late information which has reached him of the increased proximity of the Indians.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, March 17, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

The furloughed regiments from Department of the South are ordered to rendezvous here. General Rosecrans asks for four regiments

