
of cavalry and one or two regiments of infantry, to be sent to Missouri. General Banks reports that the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, ordered to his department, has been dismounted at Saint Louis and the horses sent to you, and that other horses collected there for his command have been diverted. I fear these diversions may interfere with his movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

NASHVILLE, TENN., March 17, 1864-9.30 p. m.

(Received 1.40 p. m., 18th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

According to the returns I saw in Washington it looked to me that troops could be taken from General Rosecrans instead of more being required. No horses have been taken from troops already mounted by my order or with my knowledge. I will telegraph orders to correct any further interference with horses of troops for General Banks.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 17, 1864.

Colonel S. B. HOLABIRD,

Chief Quartermaster:

SIR: By direction of Major-General Banks I have the honor to request that you furnish Lieutenant-Colonel Irwin, at your earliest convenience to-morrow, with information as to whether river transportation can be furnished for General Grover's division, from some point on the Mississippi, and at what time the boats can be in readiness either at Algiers or at Donaldsonville, at whichever of these points it may be found most convenient to concentrate the division.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES EMERSON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, DEPT. OF THE GLUF,

New Orleans, March 17, 1864.

Captain D. N. WELCH,

Assistant Quartermaster:

SIR: You will proceed with General Banks' headquarters on the steamer Nebraska to Alexandria, La., to carry out your instructions in regard to establishing a depot at that point.

The heavy boats will be unloaded and sent back, those capable of running from here to Alexandria will be sent back here, and those too large for the service will be discharged; the light boats, suitable for running from Alexandria to Shreveport, will be kept for that purpose at Alexandria, and should be loaded with stores from the other boats.

