
All freight brought down will be on Government account and will be brought only by boats coming to this city, when it will be reported to Captain jacob Mahler, assistant quartermaster. Full reports will be made to this office of all matters of any interest in the operations.

Very respectfully,

S. B. HOLABIRD,

Colonel, Chief Quartrmaster.
HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., March 17, 1864-10 a. m.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans, La.:

General Smith, on 14th instant, marched from Simsport, 30 miles, cutting off Walker's brigade at Marksville. Attacked three strong forts-De Russy at 4 p. m.; took it by assault at 6 p. m.; captured 10 siege guns, 24 officers, and 300 privates, with all the material. Gun-boats arrived in sight at the moment of capture. Gun-boats captured Alexandria, General Taylor having evacuated it.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

PORT HUDSON, LA., March 17, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, New Orleans:

My staff officer just returned from mouth of Red River. Fort De Russy captured Monday afternoon, with 11 heavy guns and 283 men, by General Smith. Gun-boats detained by raft four hours, and took no part. Gun-boats took Alexandria Tuesday, at 6 p. m. General Smith was destroying the works as rapidly as possible, and had gone on up to Alexandria. Taylor retreated toward the Atchafalaya. It is rumored that he was going to attack Fort De Russy again. He is said to have had 2,500 more men than our general, Smith. Steele's whereabouts not definitely known. Admiral was at Alexandria. General Smith learned that Taylor had left only 300 men in the fort, and in the race reached the fort first. This intelligence probably was carried past this post by a gun-boat this morning, which did not stop; why, perhaps the officers of the navy can explain. Smith lost only 40 men. He took the work by assault.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 17, 1864.

General GROVER,

Thibodeaux:

GENERAL: Please meet me on the train which leaves Algiers 10 a. m., and go with me to Brahsear. I wish to talk with you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

