
GLASGOW, March 17, 1864.

General GUITAR,

Macon City:

A party of bushwhackers, 4 seen, supposed to be more, last night robbed James Page of blankets, powder, shot, and demanded arms. They then went to Rev. A. T. Hite's, robbed and shot him. Hite fired after he was shot, but did no execution. They are both loyal men, and under ban of rebels. In the same neighborhood a tobacco barn was burned a short time since. There are indications of trouble aside from this,a nd my judgment is that there should be a few more men here, so that we could do some scouting. As the troops were withdrawn, rebels began to show the cloven foot, and I much fear will soon be as bad as in the beginning. Union men here concur in this opinion.

JOSEPH GODFREY,

Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, March 17, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report, in obedience to the order of the general commanding, indorsed on the inclosed Special Orders, Numbers 50, from these headquarters, that numerous complaints of robberies, peculations, &amp;c., were made to me on the border when I was there a few days since, some of them of a serious character; that murders had been perpetrated and no attention paid to the complaints, and that it was not possible that an open investigation could be made, as the fear of assassination would prevent witnesses from testifying. This examination is similar to others that have been made in this district and which have resulted in good. The rogues seem to stand in fear of an investigation, and the fact that they do not know how little or how much has been learned of their evil deeds inspires it with greater terror.

In order to rid the border of the large number of bad men that have been drawn to it, and in some measure prevent future wrongs, the most rigid scrutiny into their bad conduct is demanded. the commanding general would be unable to comprehend the widespread demoralization on the border without seeing it, and it is to be expected that parties who have participated in the "looting" should use every influence in their powder to prevent such an investigation as was intended by the ordering of the Board. As many of them occupy high places, it may be possible that they may prevent it for the present, but if they do it will be at the cost of the peace of the country and a success to the men who have caused much of the difficulty between Missouri and Kansas.

An investigation of this character is demanded by the honest people of the country, and is required to foster the little honest sentiment that remains in Western Missouri. It should be secret for the same reason that nearly all military courts and all grand juries are secret. The punishment of the guilty and protection of the innocent can best be effected in this way. If these are clamorous against

