
has prevented any demonstrations. I have ordered General Warren, who is still at Indianola, to fish up the torpedoes in the channel between there an Lavaca, and if he succeeds, I shall send some boats up there. The enemy is said to be fortifying at the head of the peninsula. I inclose a note of Captain Strong. I shall be glad to see some cavalry arriving.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

C. C. WASHBURN,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

MONONGAHELA, PASS CAVALLO, TEX., January 11, 1864.

DEAR GENERAL: The aroostook came down this morning. I had to send her to Galveston, but have a gun-boat up the coast, and will keep one there. Captain Hatfield reports that the rebels have thrown up works at Saint Bernard and at the Caney, but no guns as yet mounted. From Caney he was fired upon by field guns night before last, but when he shelled them in the morning he got no reply, so I take it the guns were only brought there for the occasion, but I shall endeavor to stop their proceedings. Only about 100 cavalry were seen. I shall have to send the G. C. [Granite City] up to Galveston, but she will return immediately. I have coal here for the Estrella. Hope to get on shore in a day or two to see you.

Yours, truly,

J. H. STRONG.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., January 12, 1864.

Major T. R. FREEMAN,Izard County, Ark.:

MAJOR: Your communication of the 8th instant came to me, together with the 4 prisoners mentioned in it, under flag of truce in charge of Captain Grace. I regret that I have not the men of your command captured by the Eighth Missouri Cavalry; they are at Springfield, Mo. I offered others to the captain in lieu, but he thought the matter had better be referred to you. I will write to the major-general commanding the department to have those men paroled and returned to you at the earliest date possible.

Your views of carrying on war meet my approval, and your men will be kindly treated whenever captured. Many of those I had have taken the oath and returned home, while others still remain in town for protection. I inclose copy of General Orders, No. 6, from these headquarters, for your information. I notice that the prisoners returned to me have been stripped of their clothing. Your men are welcome to the clothing, but they must not wear it in service, for my orders are peremptory to hang all such as do, and of course orders are imperative on a soldier and must be obeyed. I wrote you in answer to your letter from Sylamore, and sent letter by Mr. Jennings, who resides somewhere on the Wild Haws road. Should you desire any of the prisoners held by me released instead of the men you asked for, it will be absolutely necessary that I be notified immediately to prevent the men now in Springfield being

