
this order they are guilty parties, or are influenced by them; every honest man in the country commends it; so far as I can ascertain the public sentiment, this is universal.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 17, 1864.

Hon JAMES H. LANE, U. S. Senate:

In my recent reconnaissance through Kansas and the Indian Territory I was convinced of the great importance of the military road from this place, via Olathe, Paola, and Fort Scott, to Fort Gibson. Some work, as you know, has been done many years agon on this read between Fort Scott and Fort Gibson, but you may not know that a little bridging would make this the best road in the world, and without bridges it is sometimes impassable.

I must have a line of operation and communication connected with the upper arkansas, and I therefore reopen this as far the best route of the many I have traversed in former campaigns. All the roads through Missouri run through timber and rough country, including the Osage and Bostom Mountain ranges. Through Kansas and the Indian country we are west of these, and run through a fine prairie country all the way, where water and grass are convenient for stock.

now, my object in writing is to have your Kansas delegation to use your efforts to get an appropriation in aid of improvements which I desire to make on this route. Such appropriations have been often made in former years, and may be proper now. The quartermasters do some such work, but I would not feel at liberty to do so much without some such sanction. Fifty thousand dollars should be the least amount. the streams are numerous, but they have solid rock bottoms, good banks, and generally plenty of timber near by.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, March 17, 1864.

(Received 18th.)

Major General J. POPE:

Not a spare man. Need all against rebels south. Will write fully.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 17, 1864.

A. G. DALLAS,

Governor-in-chief of Rupert's Land, Fort Garry:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of 25th ultimo inclosing copy of your reply to certain

