
I find that three field batteries, one company of heavy artillery, and a battalion of colored heavy artillery are now with that division, viz:

First. Company F, Firt Missouri Light Artillery.

Second. Sixteenth Ohio Battery.

Third. Seventh Michigan Battery.

Fourth. Company L, First Indiana Heavy Artillery.

Fifth. First Battalion, Fourteenth Rhode Island Heavy Artillery.

Of Battery F, First Missouri Light Artillery, 25 men have re-enlisted under Special Orders, Numbers 100, series of 1863, War Department, in the new organization styled the First Regiment Mounted Veteran Artillery, and are now discharged from their provost enlistment, and on furlough.

Between the 22nd of april and the 8th of June, 1864, the enlistment of 63 more will expire, leaving at the latter date, of original enlistments, but 26 men, present and absent. Of the Sixteenth Ohio Battery, 72 men have re-enlisted in the regiment above named, and are now awaiting their discharge and furlough, leaving but 54 men, present and absent, whose enlistment will expire on September 5, 1864. None of the men of the Seventh Michigan have re-enlisted, but the battery only numbers 83 men, present and absent. The batteries belonging to the Second, Third, and Fourth Divisions of the corps are believed to be in like condition.

Of the First Wisconsin Battery 40 men have re-enlisted; Company A, Second Illinois Light Artillery, 40 men; First Indiana Battery, 30 men; Company B, First Missouri Light Artillery, none; Company E, First Missouri Light Artillery, none; Second Ohio, no report received; Company E, Second Illinois Light Artillery, none; company A, First Missouri Light Artillery, 25 men; Chicago Mercantile does not intend re-enlisting; Seventeenth Ohio Battery has re-enlisted in body. thus it appears that the re-enlistments in the proposed regiment have diminished these batteries to the same extent without materially promoting the completion of the regiment, and that from this and other causes the existing batteries of the corps have been rendered almost unserviceable, and must, with one exception, soon cease to exist.

Upon these facts it is respectfully suggested whether effectual means should not be immediately employed, either to fill up the proposed regiment or to remand the veterans who have re-enlisted in it to their former organizations, and to fill them up. The enforcement of the draft of the revival of the bounty of $400, extended not only to veteran artillerymen but to veteran infantrymen refusing to re-enlist in the infantry, would early accomplish either of these objects. It may be added, in conclusion, that the approaching expiration of the enlistments of the infantry of the corps also threatens danger to the strength and efficiency of that arm.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 18, 1864.

Major-General DANA:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to say that his dispatch concerning the defensive works did not contemplate

