
are on the island and would form an excellent protection to our men. The path from the reel to Captain Armstrong's, as well as the posts up the island, have been designated by signal poles, and will be marked at night by fires.

Hoping that these arrangements will meet with your approbation, I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. GORSUCH,

Captain and Provost-marshal, Thirteenth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, March 18, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

It is probable that the enemy will make a stand at Alexandria. I propose to concentrate my forces at Arkadelphia, about 10,000 strong, move from there on Camden and open communication back to Pine Bluff, and then move on Shreveport in time to co-operate with Banks at that point. My cavalry have not had a remount for a year. Many of them are dismounted and most of the horses and hand now are in poor condition. The same is the case whit most of batteries. Transportation in condition, I shall move as stated and do the best I can. Please send copy of this to Sherman.

F. STEELE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Little Rock, March 18, 1864.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

I respectfully request that the following veterans be ordered to return as soon as possible for the defense of the line of the Arkansas: Twelfth Michigan Infantry, Tenth Illinois Cavalry, Third Iowa Cavalry, nine companies Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry, Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery, Third Iowa Battery, Battery K, first Missouri Light Artillery; two companies Sixty-second Illinois Infantry, two companies Ninth Wisconsin Infantry, four companies Third Minnesota Infantry, two companies Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, one company Forty-third Illinois Infantry.

Pine Bluff is now threatened by a considerable force, 1,500 of Dockry's brigade, which are Vicksburg and Port Hudson paroled prisoners.

Very respectfully,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., March 18, 1864.

Major W. D. GREEN,

A. A. G., 7th A. C. and Dept. of Ark., Little Rock, Ark.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that since I have opened the books, sent by Brigadier-General Kimball, to enable the citizens of this district to take His Excellency the President's oath of amnesty,

