
over 2,000 citizens have come forward and subscribed tot he same before the proper officer. The election here has been a great success, and passed off very quietly. The cowed and downtrodden people came flocking from all parts, and there was universal astonishment among them at seeing so great a crowd as filled the streets of Batesville during the three days of the election. The effect in the country cannot fail to be most salutary, and will be manifest in the restoration of peace and quietness throughout the district, for they evidently feel that nothing but civil law can restor them the rights secession so ruthlessly deprived them of.

The returns show the votes to have been polled as follows: White and Independence, 1,139; Lawrence, 263; Izard, 95; Van Buren, 57; Fulton, 44; randolph, 16; making a total of 1,614 votes polled at the election, only 6 of which were adverse to the adoption of the new constitution. I threw myself in the way of many of these men, and explained the present status of national affairs, the future policy of our Government, and the inevitable doom of secession. Speakers addressed the people each day, and I verily believe they have gone home wiser and better-disposed men than when they came here.

I attribute the large vote cast here in a great measure to the happy influence of rigid discipline among the troops of this command and their good behavior when out scouting.

The people really feel that we are protectors,a nd that marauding is not permitted among our troops. Only eighty-two days have elapsed since I entered Batesville, but in that time the country has, in a great degree, been revolutionized, and a far healthier Union sentiment prevails than had obtained for a long time since. On the who, I cannot refrain from considering the result of the election here as a great Union triumph, and most heartily hope that all the other polls of the State will have done as well.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Regiment Nebraska Cav., Domdg. District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Smith, March 18, 1864.

Colonel F. H. MANTER,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch received last evening. I have already taken measures top concentrate my troops. My greatest difficulty is, the stock is run down badly. I shall leave here with 2,600 infantry, 1,200 cavalry, with four mountain howitzers and two 6-gun batteries. Since my report of last week to General Steele in regard to my strength I have got arms for Second arkansas Infantry, which I did not include in that report. It will take me five to six days tog et ready. We have now only five days' rations on hand. The are some commissary stores on the Leonora, down the river, which are being transported here as fast as possible. Every available team is and has been in constant use hauling forage and commissaries. I can move any time, but my command will not be prepared to do so. Since the general's first dispatch on this subject I have been preparing for it. Has the general fixed upon a time to move?

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General.

