
of his duties by the conflicting nature of these orders, and requesting me to pass through your headquarters any instructions I may have to carry into effect through Colonel Weer.

I beg respectfully to state, in reply, that Colonel Weer having declined to provide rations and lodgings at the barracks for recruiting parties and recruits, as had been done by his predecessors in compromises, which was done, and in obedience thereto I forwarded a letter of instructions to Colonel Weer, a copy of which, and also of the order of the Secretary of War, I have the honor to inclose. I have given no other instructions to Colonel Weer and will hereafter communicate with him, in such cases, through your headquarters, as requested, and with the greatest pleasure.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES OAKES,

Lieutenant Colonel, U. S. A., and Actg. Asst. Prov. March General of Ill.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., March 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES OAKES, U. S. ARMY,

Actg. Asst. Prov. March General, Springfield, Ill.:

SIR: By direction of the Secretary of War you will instruct the commanding officer of the barracks at Alton, Ill., to provide rations and lodgings at said barracks for the recruiting parties stationed at Alton, and for all recruits enlisted by them.

I am, sire, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] OFFICE ACTG. ASST. PROV. March General OF ILLINOIS, Springfield, March 8, 1864.

Colonel WILLIAM WEER,

Tenth Kansas Infantry, Commanding Post. Alton. Ill.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the Secretary of War to instruct you, as the commanding officer of the barracks at Alton, to provide rations and lodgings at said barracks for the recruiting parties stationed at Alton, and for all recruits enlisted by them. you will therefore please see that the recruiting parties of Lieutenant Colonel Lewis D. Martin, Ninety-seventh Illinois Infantry, and of Captain George Abbott, and all the recruits enlisted by them, are provided with subsistence and lodgings at the barracks under your command. Colonel Martin and parties and Captain Abbott and the parties ordered to report to him are the only recruiting parties stationed at this time at Alton. Should other recruiting parties be hereafter stationed at Alton, they and the recruits enlisted by them will be also provided weigh rations and lodgings at he barracks.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES OAKES,

Lieutenant Colonel 4th U. S. Cav., Supt. Vol. Recruiting Service, Ill.

