HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT,Saint Louis, March 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK:

Refugees are coming in rapidly from below; about 20 came in to-day. They state that the jayhawkers are very bad and driving every loyal man out of the country. The citizens would fight them if they had any arms and ammunition. There is so much territory that I cannot watch all at once. I still hold on to my original opinion, that the country will have to be left desolate so that they cannot stay in it. Double my force and let me try them awhile longer./

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.

[MARCH 18, 1864-For Secretary of War to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in reference to the Missouri Militia, see Series III.]

WARRENSBURG, March 18, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Pleasant Hill, Cass County, Mo.:

SIR: The following, just received by telegraph from Saint Louis, is forwarded for your information.
HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, March 18, 1864.

The general commanding is in receipt of information from General Curtis, commanding Department of Kansas, that Confederate recruiting officers have enlisted a large number of recruits in Platte County; that about the 20th instant serious trouble may be expected to break out in Jackson County, and the Platte County recruits, under their leaders,w ill attempt to effect a junction with the Jackson County people, and all together then attempt to make their way South.

O. D. GREENE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

The commanding general directs that you send a small scout toward Lone jack, and that you notify the commanding officers at Section 28 and Blue Springs of this information, and also of the fact that Major Mullins, with a detachment of the First Cavalry, Missouri State Militia, is directed to move into Jackson County, west of Greenton Valley. This information has been telegraphed to Colonel James H. Ford, commanding Fourth Sub-District.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., March 18, 1864.

(Received 4.35 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Following dispatch just received relative to battalion of cavalry from Kansas concerning which I telegraphed you lately:

Not a spare man; need all against rebels south; will write fully.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

Brackett's battalion will now be need in this department.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

