
you you will at once change headquarters of your district to Fort Gibson, which will be more central s to lines and the troops we have, and we must do the very best we can with what remains. There must be a force about 40 miles above Fort Gibson, permanently, located and properly fortified. I also hope to have a succession of posts located on the military road from Fort Scott to Fort Gibson. Things seem quiet, but secret organizations in Missouri seem to threaten a coming storm. The summer campaign looks a little doubtful everywhere. Hope and hope ever. Keep me fully advised.

Truly, yours,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

ROCKVILLE, March 18, 1863.

General THOMAS J. McKEAN:

On visiting this place this morning I find the citizens generally alarmed. Some 5 or 6 bushwhackers have made their appearance within the last day or two; 3 of them visited the house of Mr. Long, near this place, the day before; yesterday; 2 others were seen a short distance from the house. They appeared to be hunting for horses, but Mr. Long was away with his team. Several others were seen on a mound and appeared to be watching. Another was seen about 1 mile from this place this morning; he rode into the timber and returned and rode away, and as there are no troops within 15 miles, you can understand the feeling of the citizens better than I can describe them, and if anything can be done I would like to see it done immediately, as I feel a deep interest in this locality, as the citizens have had to rely on their own strength ever since the war began.

Yours,

A. ELLIS,

First Lieutenant Company D, Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry.

P. S.-I will perhaps visit Paola to-morrow, and if so I will call and see you. The rebels seen were all dressed in butternut.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., March 18, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE:

DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 14th instant, asking for a battalion of cavalry to accompany General Sully in an expedition against the Sioux, is received. The Second Nebraska has been mustered out, and the fragment of the Seventh is distributed along the overland stage line. If there is a man more than needed there by General Mitchell, he has orders to report them for duty in the south portion of my department, where I have nothing like adequate force to resist rebel raids against the loyal Indians and Kansas. I therefore telegraphed you that I could not spare a man. I am sorry, general, but I can't do better.

An immense emigration is concentrating in the Platte Valley en route for the Bannock mines, and they are liable to create trouble with the tribes northwest of Laramie, whose territory they will un-

