
doubtedly invade. If I had not reason to apprehend this my great need of troops to protect the southern border would induce me immediately to order down some that are at and above Fort Kearny. Everything is quiet in Northwest Iowa and Northeast Nebraska, much more so, indeed, than at any time I have lived in the Northwest. I hope, therefore, you will not urge troops in that direction just now, when every indication below shows the necessity of a desperate effort against the rebels in force, and when bleeding Kansas really needs troops in self-defense. I never allow my troops to flag, but I often see occasion to despond. I trust in Providence and Grant. The events of this year must determine the fate of our country. The issue is made up and the die will soon be cast.

Truly, your fellow-soldier,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 18, 1864.

Major E. A. HATCH,

Commanding Pembina, Dak. Ter.:

MAJOR: In order to carry out the programme of operations for the coming season the post at Pembina must be abandoned, at least temporarily. You are therefore instructed to make immediate arrangements with a view to that end, by preparing all movable property for removal with the command at Fort Abercrombie, and upon your departure by placing the post in charge of the collector, or of such other responsible person as will take an interest in the preservation of the buildings from injury, as it may be found requisite to reoccupy them in the fall.

Should be water in the Red River be sufficiently high for purposes of navigation, the chief quartermaster of the district will receive instructions to contract with the party having the International steamer in charge to bring up your command, with the public property, at least as far as Georgetown; but if the stage of water will not permit of this, you will be compelled to make the march overland from Pembina. It is necessary that the movement be made as soon as the season will permit, so that your command may relieve the garrison at Fort Abercrombie as soon as practicable. You will find further instructions upon your arrival there.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 19, 1864.

Major General N. P. BANKS,

Commanding Department of the Gulf, New Orleans:

GENERAL: I would recommend that the quartermaster's department be instructed to furnish for the use of the medical director a steam-boat, to be put in charge of the medical purveyor, properly fitted up, and sent here immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

