
sessments on disloyal neighborhoods and communities for paying for any Union soldiers killed in the respective localities, &amp;c., but I do not remember the number of the order. In accordance with this order a board of assessors was appointed and placed in the hands of Colonel William E. Moberly, of that county, for distribution among those entitled, &c. I am credibly informed that several thousand dollars of that money is yet in Colonel M.'s hands undisposed of.

Some time in August, 1862, John Haley, a corporal in Company F, Ninth Missouri State Militia, was killed by the rebels or bushwhackers in Chariton County, and his case was taken into consideration when the board made the assessment, allowing $5,000 to his widow. His widow is [here] and has been here for some months past. She has never received any of this money. She thinks that she is entitled to it and that if the matter is investigated it can be shown that the money was collected and is now on hand. She asks that Colonel M. be required to show why he has not paid this money over to her. I hope, general, that this matter may be investigated, and that if anything is collected for her she ought certainly to have it, as she is very needy. Would be glad to hear if anything can be done.

Very respectfully,

E. S. KING.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 21, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the provost-marshal-general Department of the Missouri, for report.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

Referred to Lieutenant-Colonel Jacobson, for a full and thorough investigation and the collecting of all the testimony that can be obtained.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,Saint Louis, Mo., April 26, 1864.

Respectfully returned to the general commanding, who is referred to the inclosed report of Lieutenant-Colonel Jacobson, to whom the matter was referred for investigation. There does not appear to be any truth in the allegations made against Colonel Moberly.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] APRIL 5, 1864.

We, the undersigned, a committee appointed by General Vaughan, on November 15, 1862, to assess the disloyal citizens of Chariton County for the purpose of providing for the families of soldiers of

42 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

