
the United States killed or wounded within the county, and for other purposes, state that about #82,000 were assessed by us up to December 16, 1862; that of this amount $34,231.38 were collected, and have been distributed according to the orders issued under which we acted, and that consequently no money remains in the hands of Colonel Moberly assessed and collected by this Board.

We would further state that the claim of the widow of John Haley, a corporal of Company F, Ninth Regiment Missouri State Militia, said to have been killed in this county, was never presented to the committee under after the collection of the assessment had ceased by orders from department headquarters, on or about December, 1862.

There is a sufficient amount of money assessed out of which this claim, if properly substantiated, can be collected in a few days, if such collection should be authorized.

CHAS. A. WINSLOW.

JOHN H. BLUE.

JAMES M. DOUGLAS.

A. JOHNSON.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, Saint Louis, Mo., April 25, 1864.

Colonel J. P. SANDERSON, U. S. Army,

Provost-Marshal-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in the case of Colonel William E. Moberly I went to Jefferson City to see Mr. E. S. King. The only evidence he had in the case was as to the killing of Corporal Haley, Ninth Cavalry, Missouri State Militia. The funds collected in Chariton County have all been paid out in accordance with orders, and consequently no money remains either in the hands of Colonel Moberly or of any one else, out of which the claim of the widow of Haley can be made. A board of assessment was appointed in the county in the fall of 1862 by Brigadier-General Vaughan, to make, collect, and disburse an assessment on the disloyal citizens of the county for the benefit of the loyal ones. The Board assessed about $82,000, and collected and disbursed $34,231.38 in accordance with their orders. When the latter amount had been collected they were ordered from department headquarters to desist from further collection.

The collection of the assessment had ceased when the claim of the Widow Haley was presented. No special assessment had been made in her behalf, because her claim had not then ever been before the Board. Some of the funds collected were distributed by the Board as late as January last; the distribution was according to their discretion. The gentlemen composing the Board are all of high standing in the county. They were on the spot, and of all men they knew best which claims ought justly to be paid first, and I cannot doubt that their action has been as nearly just as such irregular matters ever are. At any rate, Colonel Moberly is not responsible for their action.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. JACOBSON,

Lieutenant Colonel and Insp., Prov. March General 's Department.

