
As soon as the weather becomes warm they may be ordered away from the posts and towns, and when distributed about the country will be able to make a subsistence by their labor, which is much needed. Some of them may be sent to the western border, where they can join their friends who have escaped into Kansas, and by these means and by discouraging them from gathering about the villages and military posts, the evil will in a measure correct itself. It would be a blessing to the country to remove the negro families to Saint Louis, as requested by General Pile, but it would be a serious evil to the city, and would tend to the demoralization, disease, and death of the negro.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., March 19, 1864.

Honorable M. J. PAYNE,

Kansas City, Mo.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: I am in receipt of a letter from General Curtis, in which he replies to the one I read to you and Mr. Kearney, when in Kansas City:

The matter at Olathe of which you speak has already come to my notice, and some change was made by sending another company with an officer of higher rank. The matter will be referred to General McKean, who now goes to that district command, and will be carefully corrected.

As this refers to the subject of the interruption of your trade with New Mexico, I quote the part of the letter that mentions it. You will observe that the general manifests a desire to correct the evil that was spoken of. The whole tone of the general's letter is very cordial, and manifests an earnest disposition to co-operate with me for the protection and peace of the border.

Let me know if anything is going wrong. Do not feel that little matters are of little consequence. The Scotch proverb, "Many mickles make a muckle," is truly applicable in border difficulties.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Pleasant Hill, Mo., March 19, 1864-7 a.m.

Lieutenant EDWARD L. BERTHOUD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Kansas City, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: Your dispatch informing me of contemplated outbreak in Platte and Jackson Counties was received this morning at 6.30 a.m. I had just received a dispatch from General Brown; have forwarded all the information to Colonel Ford by special messenger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. ELMER,

Captain, Commanding Station, Pleasant Hill, Mo.

