
You will please report any important information you may have direct to these headquarters but you are to be considered for the present as a detachment from the post at Olathe.

By command of Brigadier-General McKean:

GEORGE S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEOSHO FALLS, March 19, 1864.

Colonel PHILLIPS:

I am very glad that you have permitted so many of the Seminole Indians to come and stay a few days with us and see their women and children, and they are now ready to return. I am very glad to learn through Long John, our principal governor, what you and our people have done to rid the nation of our enemies, and I feel that the country is quite clear and safe at this time. I am very glad that you and those under command have been so energetic in scouring the country and assisting our people in subduing the enemy; and when we came here we had quite a noble band, but many of our braves, women, and children have died off, and I wish that you, colonel, would assist me in getting back to the nation what few there now remains here so soon as it is safe for us to return. I write this to you, colonel, because the news has come that our country is clear, and our women and children want to get back that they may raise some corn this year and be at their homes, but I have put a veto to them coming this time. I know that our great farther, the President, is doing all things good for us, but we don't get acclimated and are dying off very fast, and for this reason I wish, as soon as you think the country is clear and safe for us, that you would let me know it, and I want you to write to me as soon as you can and let me know all about what you think. Another reason: I heard from the President, through my agent, that we were to move the last of April or the first of May, but we may have to stay longer, perhaps another year. But when I look and see the many deaths I fear that if we stay here much longer we shall all be dead. If we are not to move as soon as we expect I will send you a letter and let you know, and I want you should let some of our soldiers or enough come to guard us down. I just received a letter from Major Snow, and he says they could not go, from what he could learn, before June or next fall.

I want to say more about why they want to come. Since our governor came and told all he did about the country many of the women that had ponies to go were bound to pack and leave, and I thought it not best for them to go on; but few could have ponies to go with, and I put a stop to any going without the agent or his consent. We have not got ponies enough to move with, and if I find out that we can't go so soon as we want by the consent of the President I want you should have enough of the soldiers come to help us, as I know that they have got enough to help us down; but if there is too much danger you will let us know. From what Long John says, that if these people could go now they could get some fields to cultivate and raise corn, but I thought it best to put a stop to it at present. You need not think I will be a-pestering you for some little rations when I get down there, for I will look out for that and provide. I do believe that if you would permit us to have what help you could spare us to move, providing the President should not give any order, that

