
our agent would be obliged to come too, for he is our father and he would want to be with his children. I don't wish to steal away against the wish of the President; but if you could let those I ask come and help us it would be less expense on the Government, for it would save furnishing such a number of teams and wagons.

Colonel Phillips, you may think that if you help us to get down there that the soldiers will be of no account to you, but I am a strong lawmaker, and were you to give them a furlough to go and see their families, when their time to stay had expired I will send them back and you can have them do as you wish. I have not my life in my own hands, but a power greater than me overrules; and if I disappoint you then I will let you know. I acknowledge your superior foresight and knowledge, and you may know best what is for our good. Now, my dear friend and brother, I want you should look well at what I have written and consider it well, and see if I am not right, and return me an answer soon, very soon, and much oblige a friend.

PAS-CO-VA,

Seminole Chief, Indiana Agent.

P. S.-Major Snow is at Leavenworth now to ascertain what is to be done.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 19, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I had the honor to inclose to you on the 15th instant copy of a dispatch and inclosure addressed to me by Governor Dallas, of Rupert's Land, having reference to the relations existing between our Government and the Dakota bands, and I beg leave now to inclose herewith my reply.*

Farther Andre writes me under date of 26th ultimo, stating that he has had communication recently with the Yanktonais and Sisseton chiefs, who express a desire for peace but request time for further consultation among themselves, and mean time wish no steamers to ascend the Missouri lest some of their foolish young men should attack them. So soon as I can have time to make a translation of his dispatch and of the missives from some of the chiefs, which he incloses, I will forward it to department headquarters for your information.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General SULLY,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: I received your favor of 13th instant last evening. I will, in accordance with your suggestion, press matters forward as rapidly as possible, but I very much doubt whether it will be practicable for the force from this district to leave the depot on

---------------

*See p. 640.

---------------

