
numbers of which I did not learn, as I had not yet a regularly organized system of reports, were worked by reliefs; and estimating their full strength present to be 800 men, would give 400 constantly employed. The rapidity with which they threw up the works and the progress made this day were very satisfactory.

On account of the wanton destruction of profiles and the pulling up of stakes, much labor has been necessary to re-run the lines, to lay out the works anew, and to construct profiles. I have depended mainly on the officers of the Second Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, to attend to this part of the work. Fortunately there was no delay occasioned to the working party by this destruction. The Second Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, were not employed on the works in the forenoon of this day, as an inspection had been ordered. They were employed in the afternoon as usual, 35 men on battery at north end of island, 93 men of Fort Esperanza, and 197 men on first line of field-works.

The works in first line are being pushed forward rapidly for the number of men engaged. The work on Fort Esperanza, I regret to say, does not progress so rapidly as I would desire. The cause of this delay is that I have been unable to procure a sufficient number of teams to draw the sods for revetments. I have had no teams for this purpose to-day. On the 19th instant the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Iowa Volunteer Infantry, from First Brigade, reported on right of second line for duty. The Twenty-second Iowa reported 12 officers and 275 men for duty; the Twenty-third Iowa 11 commissioned officers and 170 enlisted men. These regiments work by reliefs, one wing at the same time, and half of this day they were employed on center lunette; 500 men will complete this lunette in one day. The Thirty-fourth Iowa and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Second Brigade, reported at left of second line; the Thirty-fourth 8 officers and 128 enlisted men, and the One hundred and fourteenth Ohio 7 commissioned officers and 200 enlisted men. These regiments worked all day, and by reliefs of one-half at the same time.

The total number of men, exclusive of those employed on sodding on this line, amounted to 773. The work on the left, as well as that on the right of the line, progresses rapidly. A detachment from the Thirty-fourth Iowa, consisting of 3 commissioned officers and 65 enlisted men, were engaged in sodding the redoubt on the extreme left; one face of the interior slope and nearly the whole of the exterior slope of the same face was rivetted. Two commissioned officers and 40 enlisted men from the Twenty-third Iowa were employed on extreme right of the line, covering the lunette preparatory to rivetting. On account of some misunderstanding in relation to teams, none of this work was sodded to-day. This detachment worked only half day.

I require some bread boxes, or shingles, which would be preferable, for pickets to hold the sods in place; also barrels to revert sally-ports. It is also necessary that I should have some more carpenter's tools. One level is required for each sodding party. These things I am not supplied with in sufficient numbers. With a force of 200 good men I can press the revetment of this entire line rapidly to completion. The line has been again run and the works staked out, and I will have by 12 o'clock to-day sufficient profiles set to work 3,000 men to advantage, with which force, had I tools enough for them, I could have this entire line ready to sod in two days. The Second Engineers

