
were employed only in the forenoon of this day, and in the following order: Seventy men on Fort Esperanza, 199 on first line of field-works, and 36 at battery on north end of island. No teams reported at Fort Esperanza to-day, causing much delay, as the sodding is now the principal part which has to be done. The battery will be completed at 12 o'clock to-morrow (Monday). I have to-day all the carpenters of the Second Engineers at work making profiles. Have sent 6 officers to lower line to set them up and attend to such other work as may be required to be done there in order to be ready to-morrow.

Have six teams drawing sods into Fort Esperanza to-day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. COBB,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH CORPS,Pass Cavallo, March 20, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to headquarters Thirteenth Corps.

The work for Friday and half of Saturday has progressed very satisfactorily. It was not my intention to have worked to-day, being Sunday, but it appears the chief engineer did not understand it so; hence the difficulties of which he complains. I do not consider it advisable to push the work to that extreme rapidity of which Colonel Cobb speaks, as the troops require some training for other work; but the whole work will doubtless be satisfactorily completed, without overworking the men, in a very short time.

N. J. T. DANA,

Major-General.

LOUISVILLE, March 20, 1864.

(Received 5.34 p.m., 26th.)

General F. STEELE:

It is now too late to make preparations for the expedition which should have started on the 7th. I will give no orders for horses or mules until I know the cause of this delay. There should be no hesitation in seizing or impressing horses or mules wherever you can find them, when the prompt execution of military orders requires it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Pilot Knob, Mo,. March 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General FISK,

Commanding Saint Louis District:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

There is no further information in regard to the rebel force below, or marching on Centreville. Reynolds' company (as reported to you by telegram yesterday) reached me, and I believe it to have been feigned, to have the military's attention directed far from this

