
death, or such other punishment as may, in the opinion of a military commission, be deemed adequate for the gravity of the offense. A soldier, officer or private, in the act of committing such violence and disobeying a superior ordering him to obtain from it, may be lawfully killed on the spot by such superior.

5. General Orders, No. 86, headquarters Department of the Missouri, series 1862, provides that every citizen shall give active and earnest co-operation with the military authorities in putting down guerrillas, who are the common enemies of mankind. The commanding general of the department demands of every citizen the full discharge of his duty in this particular. Those who neglect it will be held responsible in their persons and property for the damage that may result from this neglect, and will be punished at the discretion of a military commission. If milder means fail, the commanding general will order the destruction or seizure of all houses, barns, provisions, and other property belonging to disloyal persons in those portions of the State which are made the haunts of guerrillas.

6. All enemies wearing the uniform of the U. S. Army are liable to be killed on the spot for the act of perfidy which tends to deceive the U. S. soldier and sacrifice his liberty or life.

By order of R. R. Livingston, colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, commanding district:

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PATTERSON, MO., January 12, 1864.

General FISK,

Saint Louis.

I understood from a citizen of Randolph County, Ark., that Reves crossed Black River at Pocahontas, about the time the snow fell, with 12 men. He also reports that two regiments of U. S. troops were at Batesville about ten days ago. I suppose this is Colonel Livingston's force. I can hear of no rebels this side of Pocahontas.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Jefferson City, January 12, 1864.

To the General Assembly of the State of Missouri:

By an order from headquarters Department of Missouri the counties of Jackson, Cass, Bates, and part of Vernon have been attached to this district. The citizens who were moved from those counties in obedience to Orders, No. 11, District of the Border,* who are loyal to the Government, will be requested to return. In consideration that a large portion of the houses, barns, and other buildings, and nearly the entire fencing, have been destroyed by the prairie fires in the absence of their owners, I suggest to your honorable body the necessity of the passage of a law prohibiting the stock of the country being permitted to run at large, and thus enable such parties as may return to cultivate their lands without the necessity of being com-

---------------

*See Vol. XXII, Part II, p.473.

---------------

