
and M of the Fourteenth Kansas, and Third Indian are thus situated in Arkansas now, that were within the Indian Territory then. You can order them; I cannot, and will not. I present the interests of my department earnestly and anxiously, but with no spirit of complaint or "censure." I do the best I can to carry out your purposes and orders with whatever force I have, but also present dangers that arise from shifts and changes incident to removals.

I am sure you will perceive the reasonable surprise which I expressed at finding on my return to these headquarters a construction given to the words "Fort Smith," and the order removing the Ninth Kansas, which strips me of all the efficient troops on the very troublesome border of my command. It was not so much who did it, or how it was done, that I cared for. It was and is the simple facts which I wished to present early and earnestly, so as they may be properly remedied before a renewal of raids may torture the people and disgrace the annals of history. I have presented the matters plainly and I think fully. I ought to do so feelingly, for I have seen and sorely felt the ravages that have been perpetrated in this department. I considered it my duty to you and to all that I should present all matters that seem to endanger my command, believing that you and the honorable Secretary would desire to know and remedy difficulties as soon and certainly as you could. With this view, in midwinter, and in face of some danger, I visited all the exposed and controverted points of my command, and I hope my personal observations enable me to present matters with more accuracy and force without imputations on you or others. I certainly desire to do so. Although others must, as you say determine finally on a modification of orders relating to department lines, you cannot be insensible to the important influence you exert in securing changes. If you are, I am not, and I cannot therefore expect you to dismiss or defer the subject.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

PAOLA, March 20, 1864.

Colonel C. W. BLAIR,

Commanding, Forts Scott, Kans.:

If you have any detachment near the northeast corner of Bourbon County, the general commanding the district directs that you have it patrol up into Linn County as far as convenient for two or three days. There will be a detachment at Trading Post to-morrow evening (21st). By some accident your dispatch was not received till this evening.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PUEBLO, March 20, 1864.

Colonel J. M. CHIVINGTON,

Commanding District of Colorado:

COLONEL: Having started for Fort Garland to inspect the troops at that post, I learned that the scurvy had broken out at Fort Lyon and that the command was in serious danger; and when at Hicklan's

