
Ranch, on the Greenhorn, I received a report of the inspection of the troops at that post, I concluded to first visit Fort Lyon and then if I had sufficient time to visit Fort Garland, which I am now about doing, and for which reason I will not be able probably to make my report as early in the month as usual. I therefore take this opportunity to inform you that the surgeon at Fort Lyon reports to me that there is not an officer or man at that post who is not affected with the scurvy, and that many of the cases are serious and need immediate attention.

As I cannot learn that there is a sufficient supply of vegetables, &amp;c., anti-scorbutics, to be obtained this side of the divide, and as the danger of freezing in crossing the divide is so great, I would most respectfully suggest the removal of these troops to the Platte or that vicinity, and their places supplied by the troops now stationed at Camps Weld, Sanborn, and Collins. The surgeon at Camp Fillmore also stated that a large portion of Company L, First Colorado Cavalry, is also affected, many of them seriously.

Hoping, colonel, that this will meet your immediate consideration, I most respectfully remain, yours,

J. DOWNING,

Major First Colorado Cavalry and District Inspector.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW MEXICO,Santa Fe, N. Mex., March 20, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Army of the U. S., Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have had the honor to receive your letter of the 6th ultimo, in relation to a movement of troops down the Rio Grande to co-operate with General Banks in demonstrations against Texas. There are some matters connected with such a movement from this quarter which it is proper should be considered. In the latter part of last December I received a letter from General Banks on this same subject, and wrote to him that it would be out of my power, for reasons assigned, to make any effective demonstration toward San Antonio from New Mexico. See copies of these two letters on the inclosed paper, marked A.*

About the same time when this correspondence was going on I received a letter from General Wright, commanding Department of the Pacific, that he would send through the desert via Arizona the seven companies of the First Cavalry, California Volunteers, which have been recently raised, and I wrote to General West, commanding the District of Arizona, to make suitable provisions for those companies when they came into Western Arizona. Nearly a month before I had clearly pointed out to General West how to supply the troops in Western Arizona in case there should be failure in getting provisions from Fort Yuma. See the paper marked B.

How that officer obeyed these orders may be seen from the report of Inspector-General Nelson H. Davis, U. S. Army, also inclosed, marked C. It is unnecessary for me to comment on such a flagrant and criminal neglect of duty. The result has been, I have been obliged to send an express to General Wright to stop the three last companies

---------------

*See Banks to Carleton, November 5, 1863, and Carleton to Banks, December 25, 1863, Vol. XXVI, Part I, pp. 788, 879.

---------------

