
on this subject, dated the 3rd of last August. The main thing to be kept in view is not to have your supplies run so low as to have risk of suffering, or even of discomfort, at your different posts. You know now, as you have been informed before, just where your subsistence stores are to come from, and if you do not get them to your troops by the time they are needed the responsibility can but rest upon yourself. Your requisitions have been approved, and, under the above understanding, you can send to Fort Craig for what you want.

I am, general, respectfully,

JAMES H. CARLETON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.-Your commissary has written to the chief commissary in relation to supplies for Fort Bowie and Tucson, "In the absence of any official information on the subject, I am desirous to know how these stores are furnished." If you had shown to your chief commissary my letter of the 3rd of August of this year, he would have been well informed on these points.

J. H. C.

C.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S DEPT., NEW MEXICO,

Tucson, Ariz. Ter., March 1, 1864.

General JAMES H. CARLETON,

Commanding Dept. of New Mexico, Santa Fe, N. Mex.:

GENERAL: I arrived here on the 24th ultimo, and have inspected the troops, unserviceable property, and partially the records and papers and quartermaster's and subsistence department at this post. The infantry were in excellent order, the cavalry (Company G) in fair order, with their horses (California) in quite good condition. I find the condition of this depot with regard to supplies bad, very bad; there is no pork, bacon, fresh beef, flour only sufficient, for about twenty days, and grain only for a few days, and dependent for this upon the supplies of the Pima Indians, which are about exhausted; and not one dollar of public funds on hand for the depot.

Lieutenant J. H. Toole, the depot quartermaster and commissary, recently returned from Fort Yuma, and reports no subsistence stores there for this post, with no prospects of any soon arriving there for this district; that the Colorado River was so low that the shipment of stores via it was difficult and slow. Mr. Ochoa, who, with his train and a Government one from this post, left some ten days afterward, loaded with clothing, camp and garrison equipage (arrived here two days since), reports to the same effect. The steamers on the river take up only 25 to 30 tons of freight, and are some two weeks making the trip. The condition of the Colorado River is reported such that it is doubtful if stores can be shipped via it to Yuma in any reasonable time, i. e., to supply this district.

Inclosed please find copies of letters of Colonel Babbitt and Captain Kellogg, dated, respectively, the 6th and 2nd of last January, relative to supplies for this depot and their transportation. Colonel Coult informs me that the estimates for subsistence stores for this district left here on the 5th of January last for California. I can find no copy of this estimate, but am told it was for 600 men for six

