
people all appear to be preparing to go to work with a view of raising a crop. We have been able to procure full rations of corn and hay for our horses up to this time.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES D. EADS,

Captain Co. M, First Cavalry, Missouri State Mil.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 21, 1864.

Major R. K. HART, Yellville, Akr.:

MAJOR: Your communications have all been duly received and considered. I am under obligations to you for prompt and full information of the enemy's plans and movements. The forces at and in the vicinity of Yellville now will be able to fight a good battle, working together, and make a destructive affair of it to the enemy. More of the Second Arkansas troops will be in the vicinity very soon. Exhibit this to Colonel McMahan, and I desire that he will send me at the earliest opportunity the number of troops at and in the vicinity of Yellville and the number of rations on hand, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, yours, &c.,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 14. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., March 21, 1864

I. Commanders of districts and their subordinates will not inaugurate or send out military expeditions without orders from these headquarters, but the movement of troops within their own proper neighborhood should be frequent and always reported through the proper district to department headquarters, so as to give due credit for good or bad behavior of commands and preserve the history of the service. It is also expected that commanders of troops will attack or intercept foes when on a raid or otherwise they pass near or menace the vicinity.

II. Commanders of regiments will immediately make out and forward to these headquarters a list of all persons belonging to their respective regiments who are detailed on recruiting service, with length of time each one has been on such service and number of recruits obtained, if known, where stationed, and the propriety or otherwise of his return to duty with his command.

III. The following instructions, having been received at these headquarters, are published for the information and guidance of all concerned:

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 16, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

So much of paragraph V of General Orders, Numbers 376, of 1863, from this office, as orders the assignment of men not re-enlisting as veteran volunteers to duty in other companies and regiments until the expiration of their term of service, is revoked, and all enlisted men assigned or transferred to other companies or regiments under this provision will be returned to their original company or regiment at once, if in the field; or in case the regiment is on furlough, as soon as it returns.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

