
IV. Some commanders of this department have failed to comply with the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 6, from these headquarters. Strict and immediate compliance with that order is enjoined.

V. The following officers are announced on the staff of the major-general commanding:

Major F. E. Hunt, paymaster, U. S. Army, chief paymaster.

Major C. S. Charlot, assistant adjutant-general.

VI. At the request of Major General W. S. Rosecrans, Brigadier-General Ewing, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty in this department, and will report at department headquarters, Saint Louis, Mo.

VII. All of this department lying north of the 40th degree of north latitude is placed in the District of Nebraska.

VIII. Any person having signed enlistment papers and taken the enlistment oath is a soldier, and can only be discharged according to regulations and general orders. Any officer inducing or allowing such a person to enlist again brings himself within the provisions and penalties of the Twenty-second Article of War.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

JOHN WILLANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith Ark., March 21, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: I have reliable information that Quantrill is at Sherman, Grayson County, Tex. Todd and Si. Gordon are with him; also about 100 of his original bandits. He (Quantrill) has been several times ordered by Henry E. McCulloch (commanding Confederate troops in Northwestern Texas) to report with his men to Shelby, which he refuses to do, and declares that he will operate independently. He contemplates a movement north into Kansas and Missouri as soon as there is sufficient grass to subsist his animals. He will probably augment his force by recruiting in Texas. It is not improbable that he will cross the Arkansas River west of Fort Gibson and enter Southwestern Kansas. Unless I have mounted force at my command it will be impossible for me to intercept him, yet I will endeavor to watch his movements and keep you advised by telegraph to enable you to meet him at any point he may attempt to enter Kansas.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

PAOLA, March 21, 1864.

Colonel C. R. JENNISON,

Fifteenth Kansas Vol. Cav., Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Company F, Fifteenth Kansas, has been ordered from Topeka to Olathe.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

