
I am satisfied that the civil authority is inadequate for the proper punishment of the men now being tried by the military commission, and I am also convinced that unless these lawless individuals are restrained and controlled by adequate military authority, that the consequences to the people of the section in which they have operated will be disastrous in the extreme. These convictions are forced upon me after a careful examination into all the facts in the matter. The action of the military commander who preceded me meets with my hearty approval. I need not assure your excellency that I have no desire to interfere with the civil authorities in the least degree, outside of the instructions of my superior officer, and I am satisfied that the general commanding the department has no such desire or instructions. I am exceedingly anxious that the civil and military authorities should work harmoniously here and universally aid each other in the suppression of outrages and disgraceful crimes. I shall be most happy at all times to receive suggestions from your excellency touching the condition of affairs in this district.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 21, 1864.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Milwaukee:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I have ordered Major Hatch to evacuate the post of Pembina as soon as practicable, and with his command to repair to Fort Abercrombie and relieve the garrison, composed of companies of the Eighth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers, preparatory to the concentration of that regiment for other service. I have directed the movement to take place so that Major Hatch's battalion can reach Abercrombie on or before 20th April.

Two companies of the battalion will be employed during the summer in patrolling the country along the Red River, so as to guard that line of communication from interruption by the savages. I have telegraphed to you this morning that the superintendent of recruiting has received instructions to order Brackett's Minnesota battalion, now at Fort Snelling, to report to you, and asking you to telegraph orders with regard to them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 21, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel AVERILL,

Superintendent of Recruiting, Present:

COLONEL: The following is copy of telegram just received from Major-General Pope, in reply to my dispatch informing him that

