
you had been instructed by the War Department to order Brackett's Minnesota battalion to report to him, to wit:

MILWAUKEE, March 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General SIBLEY:

Brackett's battalion will be wanted early for the Indian campaign; mean time dispose of them as in your judgment seems best.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

In accordance with the foregoing you will please order Major Brackett to report at these headquarters, to the brigadier-general commanding, for duty.

By command of Brigadier-General Sibley:

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. OLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 21, 1864.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Department of the Northwest:

SIR: I have understood that it is intended to ship up the river this spring the annuity goods to the upper Sioux Indians. I would suggest the propriety of not sending their goods higher up than Fort Pierre, and not distributing them till the troops get through with fighting these Indians.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, March 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred, through Major-General Halleck, for the action of the Secretary of War.

It seems but reasonable that the Indian Department should regain from supplying the Indians with ammunition, clothing, provisions, &amp;c., until after the troops shall have encountered them, and rendered it certain that the Indians will keep the peace, and not use the supplies furnished, them to murder white emigrants or settlers. Of course the Indians, however hostile, will come in peaceably to get supplies they need so much, but it is not necessary to say that it would hardly be judicious to supply them until it is certain that the stores will not be used for hostile purposes. I invite the attention of the Secretary of War to my letter to him of February 6, in relation to Indian policy.

I shall have small hope of a successful result to operations against Indians this summer unless the military are left to deal with the Indians exclusively. I shall not permit any sort of interference or interposition from Indian agents until this campaign is over, unless I receive contrary orders from proper authority.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

