
desire about the condition of affairs in this department, and about the changes and measures proposed here for the good of the service. I have directed him to say that the season is so far advanced that it is very desirable to have the policy for the coming summer at once marked out.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding Dept. of the Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 22, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The newspapers all over the country report that the Senate Military Committee has refused to recommend the promotion of Colonel Sanderson, my provost-marshal-general. This comes upon me like a thunderbolt from a clear sky. I wanted for the position a sagacious, able, and impartial officer, of integrity and character above reproach. I asked for the colonel under the impression that he would come up to the standard. So far as I know he does. But now this report cuts him down in the midst of his opening usefulness, and stops the wheels of the provost-marshal's office at an important moment.

I send this by Major Bond, aide-de-camp, who will give you any verbal explanations which may be called for the by the allegations which he may find against Colonel Sanderson. I trust that you will so he may find against Colonel Sanderson. I trust that you will so direct matters that Colonel Sanderson may be vindicated or his place promptly supplied by some one whom I shall select that will answer the description in my programme.

It is just that I should say that Colonel Sanderson was giving great satisfaction and inspiring great hopes of justice, impartiality, and national liberality in his administration. If the charges against Colonel Sanderson refer to any conduct while under my command, I have no doubt they are basely calumnious, or I should have heard of them.

Respectfully,

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, March 22, 1864.

Major General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

Captain Fitzgerald, aided by your officers, has captured the rebel recruiting colonel, Winston, who I informed you was concealed in Platte City. My first information of this rebel's presence in that place was about the 9th, and many persons there must have known of his being in the vicinity. The militia company located there seems to have been oblivious to all this.

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

