
ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 22, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the work on the telegraph line from Warrensburg to Kansas City is progressing as rapidly as possible, and in view of its early completion and the extent of military lines in Kansas, and the fact that messages sent from this point on that line and to Kansas are subject to a tariff over the commercial lines from Saint Louis to the point where our military lines commence, and also that the commercial lines are already crowded with business, I beg to suggest that an independent telegraphic communication for military business between Saint Louis and Kansas is needed.

The military line on that route commenced at Syracuse, and the connection could be made either by an additional wire on the Pacific road, 168 miles, or a wire from Glasgow, Mo., through Booneville, Mo. (an important point on the river), with only 45 miles of wire, including a cable across the Missouri River at Booneville. The latter would not be as direct a route, but in my opinion fully as efficient and a great saving of material.

With this connection all important points could be reached by military lines and a large amount of money now being paid to commercial companies be saute to the Government. If this suggestion meets with your approval, please give the necessary order, and designate which route, if either, you think best to adopt,

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. SMITH,

Captain and A. Q. M., Asst. Supt. U. S. Mil. Tel.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier General E. B. Brown, commanding Central District of Missouri, for his opinion.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CENTRAL DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Warrensburg, March 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned, to Major-General Rosecrans, commanding Department of the Missouri.

The extension proposed by Captain Smith of the military telegraph is much needed. I think that the greatest benefit will be received by the connection from Syracuse to Saint Louis and by the extension of the line from Kansas City, so as to connect with that from Fort Leavenworth to Fort Smith, Ark., and thus give two lines from Saint Louis to that point and also two to Fort Leavenworth.

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

