
SAINT JOSEPH, MO., March 22, 1864.

General C. B. FISK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR GENERAL: At the request of numerous citizens of Andrew County I wish to trespass upon your time and patience enough to say that there is a state of affairs existing in the above-mentioned county which needs attention immediately. I have heard that you would visit our city during the present week, and if I were certain of this I would not write, but await your coming; but for fear you may be delayed, I write. Such is the conduct of the Paw Paw militia, there is danger of a collision between them and the citizens, and this state of affairs has been controlled by some of our radical men for months past.

First, we hoped for some relief through the Legislature; then the relief was to come through the visit of the delegation to the President. Next, Governor Gamble died, and it was hoped that Governor Hall would assist in the reformation. Disappointed in all these, the people were held in hope, and enabled to endure the persecutions of these rebels, by the removal of General Schofield and the appointment of such a man as General Rosecrans. We have said to the friends in the counties above, "Wait, and give" Rosy" a chance;" but "hope deferred maketh the heart sick," and we are losing our influence over the Union men. They say, and the trouble is there is too much truth in it, "You have told us two or three times that we would soon have relief; we can wait and submit no longer;" and now, I am free to say, if these secession sympathizers were the only ones to suffer by an outbreak, I would be inclined to say, "Go in, boy."

But I think one of our brave Union men is worth more than a thousand of these thieving scoundrels. But if trouble comes the blood must rest upon the authorities; the people have endured the insults and abuse of these men until forbearance ceases to be a virtue. But, general, there is real danger, and now, if you can with prudence interfere or intercede with the general for the people, do so. I would propose that these thieves be disbanded and foreign troops be stationed at once in Andrew and Holt Counties. This will save blood-shedding, I am in earnest. I might in justice, be silent, as I am just removing from the State, but I do not want the good men of these counties compelled to assume a false position to preserve their manhood. This letter is intended for your eye alone, therefore I speak freely.

I remain, yours, for the Union and universal freedom.

W. S. WENTZ.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 22, 1864.

Brigadier General E. B. BROWN,

Commanding Central Dist. of Missouri, Warrensburg, Mo.:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to inquire where you propose to procure arms and ammunition, promised for issue in General Orders, Numbers 12,* from your headquarters, of the 10th instant, and further to inquire your authority for issuing them. The

---------------

*See p. 568.

---------------

