
commanding general also desires to be informed if the organization proposed in said order is different from the Enrolled Missouri Militia or would be better in any respect.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 22, 1864.

Major BURCH,

Commanding at Neosho:

MAJOR: Your communication in regard to forage has been received. You have received orders for the movement of Captain Ruark's company, and have authority to make such changes and shifts as are absolutely necessary for the preservation of the stock under your command. I hope you will have grass soon. Keep force enough at Neosho to hold everything secure there, if you have to send away more horses than men, and keep up communication with the forces sent away, and inform me where they are stationed. Induce farmers to draw you in forage from a distance if you can. The quartermaster will pay for forage and corn delivered to you at Neosho at the rate of 90 per cents bushel for corn. Some of the farmers may be induced to draw you in some corn and hay at these prices. Do the best you can and save the stock and keep your men in such position as to enable you to hold that country.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FORT SCOUT, KANS., March 22, 1864.

Major-General CURTIS:

DEAR SIR: Can loyal refugee Cherokees, who by the fortunes of war have been driven from their homes and compelled to abandon their stock and cattle, obtain a permit from you to return to their homes and drive out what remains of their stock? I have numerous applications from those people for assistance in this direction, and desire to ascertain if you can grant them the privilege referred to.

Hoping to hear from you at earliest convenience, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

A. DANFORD.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 22, 1864.

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

Commanding District of Minnesota:

GENERAL: Not having been able to get from the Department of Kansas the battalion of cavalry needed by General Sully, I applied for Brackett's battalion, which will report to you for service with General Sully. You will please send them to the Missouri River

