
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. General S' OFFICE, Numbers 1. Washington, January 1, 1864.

By direction of the President of the-United States, Major General S. R. Curtis U. S. Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Department of Kanas, which will consist of the State of Kansas, the Territories of Nebraska and Colorado, and the Indian Territory, including the military post of Forth Smith; headquarters at Fort Leavenworth.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., January 2, 1864.

(Received January 11, 1864.)

GENERAL: By a gentleman just arrived Matamoras, who is well acquinated with affairs in Mexico, I obtain the following information: A courier arrived at Matamoras from San Louis, on the 17th or 18th of December. He reports that the French were within 27 miles of San Luis and had undoubtedly occupied that city at the time of his arrival at Matamoras Juerez had left San Luis for Matamors, and it was it believed would ask the protection of our Government at Brownsville. It was reported in Matamoras among the French partisans that 30,000 troops were to be sent out by France. A contest had arisen between the partisans of Governor Serna, who was placed in power by Cortina, and the late Governor Ruiz, the military governor of Tamaulipas, who was deposed by Cabos.

Matamoras had been strongly fortified at all points with cotton bales, and waited for several days in expectation of an attack by the partisans of Ruiz, who were outside of the city. Some arrangement had been entered into, hostilities had been suspended, and it was believed, that Serna would abandon the position of governor. The appeal to Juarez upon the subject of his recognition had resulted in a letter of advice rather than command in which it was suggested that notwithstanding his election by the people, the disturbed condition of the country might make it inexpedient for him either in consideration of private or public interests, to insist upon the maintenance of his power at this time.

General Goicure has recently returned from Europe and expects to leave this city join President Juarez, wherever he may be found. He informs me that there is little probability re-enforce meats being sent to Mexico from France; that the Mexican intervention is unpopular with the French people, and the opposition to the Emperor's administration in the Chamber of Deputies very power-full. He understand the rumor in regard to Juarez moving to Brownsville to ask protection of the Government of the United States to apply to the family of the President, and not to himself personally. Juarez has left Luis, and his headquarters are not at present known. The dates from San Luis are to the 26th of November.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

