
be turned over to us exceed in number and defensive power the population of the settlements, whose duty it would be to make the arrest and surrender.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NASHVILLE, TENN., January 13, 1864-11 a.m. [Received 1.40 p.m.]

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

I will write full directions for pontoon train. Want it at New Orleans.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

JANUARY 13, 1864.

Major-General GRANT, Chattanooga:

GENERAL: Complaints have been received from the Thirty-second Iowa and other regiments that they have been divided and that parts of the same regiment are now serving in different departments. It is presumed that this resulted from the exigencies of the service during the past year and was probably at the time unavoidable. It should, however, be remedied as promptly as possible by uniting in the same military department the regiments so divided. For example, six companies of the Thirty-second Iowa are reported at Columbus, Union City, and Island No. 10, and four companies at Little Rock, Ark. The entire regiment should either be sent to Arkansas or the four companies there sent to the Department of the Tennessee. As members of Congress from the districts and States in which the regiments are raised are urgent in their protest against such division, it is hoped that you will give the matter your early attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, No. 11. New Orleans, La., January 13, 1864.

1. The One hundred and sixtieth Regiment New York Volunteers, have the organization prescribed in General Orders, No. 126, of 1862, from the War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, this order to be subject to the approval or disapproval of the Secretary of War. Colonel Dwight will take immediate steps to raise and recruit his regiment to that standard, and will proceed to New York on business connected with the same. The regiment will proceed to New Orleans, and be reported by its commanding officer to the chief of artillery. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

