
with the troops directed to be sent from your district. Brackett's battalion is not included in the force required to be sent by my instructions, to you hitherto transmitted, but is simply intended to replace the battalion which I was unable to get from Kansas and Nebraska.

I need not, general, again impress upon you the necessity of starting your force from the upper Minnesota to join General Sully at the very earliest possible moment. Every necessity of the situation, as stated to you in your instructions and in my conversations with you, demands the utmost energy in getting off your force at the very earliest possible moment. I am sure you will appreciate this necessity as I do.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Cooke reported that nearly all the troops from Baton Rouge would get off yesterday. The Second and Third Missouri and Twentieth U. S. Colored Regiments have arrived and are now at Port Hudson. General Grover has all his Second Brigade at Algiers, and thinks he will get off within two days, if the expectations depending on the quartermaster's department are fulfilled.

Very truly, yours,

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 23. In the Field, La., March 23, 1864.

This command will move to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock, in the order previously indicated. Pickets will be relieved at 5 o'clock.

By order of Brigadier General R. A. Cameron:

OSCAR MOHR,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,March 23, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: Mr. Dudley, who has been raising a company of scouts in this region, reports to me by verbal order from General Franklin with a company of about 80 men. I send him to you and suggest that he be assigned to duty with this division.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

A. L. LEE,

Brigadier-General.

