
measure, of 6-inch scantling; for stockade gates, 1,700 feet, board measure, of 8-inch scantling; and for posts on which to hang gates, 2,000 feet, board measure, of 12-inch lumber.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. COBB,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;c.,Little Rock, Ark., March 23, 1864

Brigadier General N. KIMBALL,

In pursuance of General Orders, Numbers 14, from these headquarters, you will take command of the troops in this department north of the Arkansas River, and along the line of the river, and during the absence of the department commander give such orders from time to time to the post and district commanders as you may deem necessary for the protection of the country against raids from guerrillas or other armed rebels, so far as it may be practicable with the troops at your disposal. It is of vital importance to us that the depot at Devall's Bluff and the railroad between that point and this should be protected. Great vigilance will be required of the troops charged with the execution of this duty. It is desirable that our telegraphic communication should be kept up if practicable, but I would not advise the employment of troops to accomplish this object to an extent which might endanger any weak post.

If, in your opinion, the troops should be more concentrated, you can break up any of the small posts with this view. Major Green, assistant adjutant-general, will remain at Little Rock and will transact the current business of the department. He will be instructed to issue orders in certain cases, and to furnish you with lists of the troops under your command. The fragments of regiments, companies,&c., at this post you can organize in such manner as to render them most effective. You can make such disposition of the veteran regiments and recruits which may arrive as you think proper. Any arms in the arsenal may be issued if necessary. I would caution you against cavalry raids into this city. A map of Little Rock and its surroundings will be found in my office, which shows the lines of communication, picket stations, &c. I desire that you will communicate with me to the front, by spies or other means, as often as it may be practicable, and I will in like manner communicate with you.

If we go to Camden it is my purpose to open back communication with Pine Bluff for supplies, &c. Colonel Clayton should watch the movements of the enemy at Monticello, and if they withdraw to the other side of the Saline, he should reconnoiter as close to Camden as possible. If the enemy should disappear from his district entirely, part of his force might be made available at some other point or used to communicate with the advance. If there should be any concentration of the enemy's troops in my rear, I should desire to know it as soon as possible. It is my desire that a kind and conciliatory course may be observed toward all citizens who are not known rebels and that no enrollment of citizens shall take place without Governor Murphy being first consulted in reference to it.

Very respectfully,general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Major-General, Commanding.

