HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,Batesville, Ark., March 23, 1864

Colonel WILLIAM D. WOOD,

Commanding Eleventh Missouri Cavalry Volunteers:

COLONEL: You will direct the commanding officer of the detachment of 200 men ordered on special service to leave this station at daybreak to-morrow morning, crossing White River at Ruddle's Ford, 1 1/2 miles west of town. He will pursue a detachment of rebels under command of one Captain George W. Rutherford, until he overtakes, captures, or destroys them. Rutherford, was last heard of at Cedar Grove. The officer in command will exercise his own discretion in the direction of pursuit, always bearing in mind that he is expected to capture and break up this band.

He will also damage the enemy in every other manner consistent with the customs and usages of civilized warfare. No straggling, depredations on citizens, or acts [of] incendiarism must be permitted, and the greatest caution and vigilance must be exercised to guard against a surprise. He will also afford every opportunity in his power to enable citizens, loyal subjects of the United States, to reach Batesville, pressing teams of disloyal parties to enable them to do so, when they earnestly desire to come into this station. He will give receipts for all forage and subsistence obtained in the country, ordering the owners thereof to report here for payment.

By order of Colonel R. R. Livingston, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, commanding district:

H. C. FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT SMITH, March 23, 1864

Colonel MANTER:

I commenced to move on Monday and the whole are on the way. I shall overtake it with a battalion of cavalry. I have had innumerable obstacles and difficulties to overcome for want of means to move. Your dispatch directed me to move on Monday, the 21st. The same night that I got the order to move I sent to the outposts to call them in. Detachments were out 40 and 50 miles for forage, in some instances 60 miles from here. I have done all that human energy could do, both night and day, to put the command in motion. Night before last 60 of the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry deserted and went it is supposed to Fort Scott. I had ordered that regiment to cross the river at Ozark on Sunday and move on Monday for Booneville, and on Monday night the desertion took place, and a part of the regiment went in pursuit. This is one of the unforeseen difficulties.,

J. M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General,

FORT SMITH, March 23, 1864

Colonel MANTER:

I leave Colonel William R. Judson,of Sixth Kansas Cavalry, in command, the ranking colonel. Ammunition, 80 rounds to the man. I could not take more and leave sufficient here. My two batteries are

