
ultra of human endurance. I have lost property without murmuring, have submitted to many inconveniences without a word of complaint, charging all to the vexations every one must expect to share in times of great civil commotion. But I have at last concluded it is better for me to sacrifice home and home associations and seek a more quiet place, if, after all this, and after having paid a heavy tax, which under the law of our State exempts me from military duty, I am to be dragged into the country every time a few guerrillas are reported to be in the vicinity. I confess, however, I feel very loth to leave Charleston and its surroundings, and shall return immediately if I can receive from you the assurance that I shall not be molested for what transpired to-day, and that in future I shall not, nolens volens, without receiving a soldier's pay be called upon to share a soldier's dangers in the field; in a word, that I shall be permitted to pursue my avocations in civil life without being called upon to perform military duty. In case you do not reply to this, or, replying negative my requests, I shall, as before remarked, surrender myself to General Fisk, and if he says a citizen of Southeast Missouri, who has discharged all the duties of a citizen who has paid his commutation tax, who stands ready to answer the regular calls of the United States for troops either with his person or his money, must, if he remains at home, at all times hold himself ready, without a soldier's honors, without a soldier's pay, to do a soldier's duty, then must I be content to exile myself from home and home associations. I have esteemed it right to submit the foregoing first to you, and shall await an answer in Cairo until after the mail arrives from Charleston on Thursday next.

Hastily, I am, sir, very respectfully,&amp;c.,

J. C. MOORE,
HEADQUARTERS STATION,Harrisonville, Mo., March 23, 1864

Lieutenant E. L. BERTHOUD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions from Brigadier-General Brown, bearing date 18th instant, I have established a military station at Morristown, in this county, and Lieutenant J. Fenton Seymour, Company C, Second Colorado Cavalry, with 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, and 20 mn of his company, is stationed at that place.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. PRITCHARD,

Major Second Colorado Cavalry, Commanding Station.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Smith, Ark., March 23, 1864

(Received 25th.)

Brigadier-General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

I am about to move toward Red River and cannot leave so large a force at the different posts as I would like to. I shall be exceedingly gratified if you can assist Colonel Harrison, at Fayetteville, in protecting the line and route between Springfield and

