
on the Missouri. Among these captives are two half brothers and the four wives of the defunct chief, Little Crow. The two Sioux chiefs who were brought across the line by residents in the British settlements, and delivered to Major Hatch, are still at Pembina in close custody and well secured against escape.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 23, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: As I was unable to get from the Department of Kansas the battalion of cavalry which I proposed to send you, I applied to the War Department and procured an order transferring Brackett's battalion of Minnesota cavalry to this department. This battalion will be sent you from Minnesota with a force hitherto directed to be sent to you from that district. I inclose also a letter from the General-in-Chief, and my reply,* concerning the protection of emigrants by way of Laramie and the establishment of military posts on the Yellowstone and Powder Rivers. The first post is provided for in your instructions.

If the Yellowstone be practicable for boats to the mouth of Big Horn, perhaps it will be better to locate the post at that point. The post on Powder River you must judge of when you have examined the country. Whatever you can do toward giving protection to emigrants either from Laramie or any other point within your district, without obstructing or jeopardizing the success of your campaign and establishment of military posts, I need not ask that you extend to them. I feel sure that you will give every assistance in your power to all emigrants who need it. Everything you have asked has been procured for you, and it is hoped that your success will be complete. Do not hesitate as to the number of friendly Indians you employ; secure the services of as many as you can use with profit.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 24, 1864.

Major D. C. HOUSTON,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding desires that you make an immediate examination of the position of Alexandria with reference to the construction of defensive works by which the place can be held permanently by a garrison, in connection with gun-boats, and that you report with as little delay as practicable a plan of such defensive works. You will please have in view that while it is desir-

---------------

*See Halleck to Pope, March 14, p. 607, and Pope to Halleck, March 20, p. 677.

---------------

