
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, March 26, 1864.

Captain Garber will furnish the twenty additional teams if he can; also the shingles if he can without interfering with necessary structures, and if not shingles, with other substitute materials, if possible.

These papers to be returned.

By command of Major-General McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 7TH A. C., DEPT. OF ARK., Numbers 1. Little Rock, Ark., March 24, 1864

I. Commanding officers of districts and commanding officers of posts and detachments, not now reporting to a district headquarters, will forward to these headquarters, at the earliest possible moment the number and kind of troops under their commands, their effective force and where loaded, and such other information as may be necessary for a full understanding of this command.

II. Colonel C. C. Andrews, Third Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, commanding post of Little Rock, is placed in command of so much of the Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, as remains there, and of all the troops in the camp of the First and Third Divisions, Seventh Army Corps, and of all other troops in the vicinity of that post. Commanding officers of such troops will report to him for instructions without delay.

III. The officers of the personal staff of the general commanding Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, are placed on duty at these headquarters. First Lieutenant E. C. Litherland, Fifteenth Regiment Illinois Cavalry, is assigned to duty as acting aide-de-camp to the general commanding.

IV. It is enjoined upon commanders of districts, posts, and detachments that all possible diligence be used to protect the people of the country in which their commands are located from raids by the enemy, and to promptly furnish these headquarters with any information that may be gained respecting his movements.

By order of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball:

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, SEVENTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp at Saline River, March 24, 1864

Colonel F. H. MANTER,

Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: Your dispatch of to-day has been received. I have the honor to report that I am encamped to-night on Saline River. The

command is in the best condition. Colonel Ritter has informed me that he will march at 7 a.m. to-morrow in advance, which will delay my leaving camp until 9 o'clock. My command has left Little Rock

