
with three days' rations and will be out of supplies to-morrow night. Major Burchard, the bearer of this letter,is accompanied by the commissary of my division to take charge of such supplies as may be intended for the command. Colonel Ritter says that he has been furnished with the countersign for fifteen days. If the same countersign is to be used on the march it would avoid misunderstandings if I could also be furnished with the same.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SALOMON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 2. In the Field, Culpeper C. H., Va., March 24, 1864.

I. Brigadier General L. C. Hunt will at once proceed to make an inspection of the Departments of the Missouri and Kansas and report to these headquarters. He will pay especial attention to the following points:

First. The location of troops and the necessity at the different posts of the troops now at them.

Second. The methods of transportation and supply in the Department of Kansas.

Third. The amount of means of transportation and of artillery horses which can be spared from these department for use in the field.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 44. Saint Louis, Mo., March 24, 1864

Commanders of regiments, battalions, and independent companies, on the receipt of this order and the accompanying form of an inspection report, will immediately make a thorough inspection of their commands, and report accurately the precise number, character, condition, &amp;c., of the arms and the quantity, character, and condition of all ammunition in the possession of company commanders and their enlisted men, and the said commanders of regiments, &c., will likewise make a similar inspection, and report each month there-after until further orders.

The officers above indicated will be careful that their inspections are of the most rigid and complete character, and that the true quantity, character, condition, &c., of the arms and ammunition in the possession of their command be ascertained and correctly reported. In the form provided for the inspection report, commanders will enter each company separately on a distinct horizontal line thereof, thus giving the result of the inspection for each company by itself. The first inspection under this order will be made immediately, as above directed, and the formal report thereof will be render as soon as the inspection is completed. The monthly inspection will be made during each month, in time to make out and forward the reports to these headquarters on the last day of each month. The

