
reports will be forwarded through district commanders, who will see that the inspections and reports thereof are properly and promptly made and forwarded.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 24, 1864

In future, except in cases of emergency, district commanders will not change the stations of depot quartermasters or commissaries within the limits of their districts when assigned to their stations from these headquarters.

When the necessity arises and the change of station is ordered, the facts will be immediately reported to these headquarters for approval.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., March 24, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK:

I wish to inform you of the following dispatch just received from Captain Leeper. He says Captain Johns has just returned from below: he met with the enemy in force, but says that Reves, Kitchen, and Freeman have been camped on the [east] side of Black River 12 miles below Pocahontas, and that they crossed to the west side of the river on last Monday; they were said to be about 1,000 strong, and that it was the general talk in the country that they were going to attack Patterson. Also that Kitchen had men on Currant River last week to secure forage, preparatory to a move on this place Captain Johns was some 10 miles above Pocahontas on Black River. I think, however, that this report is rather exaggerated and sensational, but will be on the alert.

J. W. HARDING,

Commanding Post.

PATTERSON, MO., March 24, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding District:

All is quiet here. I have 50 men on Black River a good distance below Poplar Bluff. The thing begins to look more favorable, I think, with the two companies that are to join me to keep the State clear to the Arkansas line.

Our expeditions were all doing well the last heard from. They have killed a good many this week.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

