
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS.2nd DIV., ARMY OF ARKANSAS, No. 5. Little Rock, Ark., January 13, 1864.

The Twelfth Michigan Infantry Volunteers has re-enlisted as veterans and have been ordered home for furlough and reorganization. It bore part in the battles of Shiloh, Matamoras, Middleburg, the siege of Vicksburg, and the capture of Little Rock, and has always conducted itself with gallantry, and is a credit to its noble State.

Colonel William H. Graves has commanded a brigade for over six months, and has won the approbation both of the officers placed over him and the troops under his command. Captain S. E. Graves has for some time acted as aide-de-camp to the division commander, and has distinguished himself by zeal, industry, and ability. The regiment takes with it the best wishes of the division for a pleasant sojourn amongst their friends at home, and we hope that they will soon return with full ranks to allow others the same privilege, and to join in giving the final blow to treason.

By command of Brigadier General E. A. Carr:

C. H. DYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FOURTH ARKANSAS MOUNTED INFTY. VOLS., Batesville, Ark., January 13, 1864.

Captain H. C. FILLEBROWN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I would respectfully state that I proceeded with my train to Galloway's, with twenty wagons and 55 men, where I loaded six wagons with cotton, and the remaining fourteen I had loaded with corn from the farms of Messrs. Eves, Jennings, and Fitzer. I then returned with my whole command to Sulphur Rock, where I detached Lieutenant Griffin with a sufficient guard to take the train to Batesville.

When within a short distance of Sulphur Rock we succeeded in starting up 3 armed bushwhackers, whom I pursued into a dense canebrake on a large island in White River, near Magnes', when I found it impossible to pursue them any longer with any hope of success. I could not learn who they were, or that there had been any more in the neighborhood. I also succeeded in catching 2 prisoners and enlisted 3 recruits at this place. From there I proceeded with the rest of my command to Moody's farm, where I encamped for the night. From here I sent a detachment of 12 men into Lawrence County to arrest Captain Ware and Lieutenant Crabtree. They succeeded in capturing the lieutenant, paroling him to report here to-morrow. I then returned with my command to this place, arriving with all of the men at about 4 p.m. without casualty. I think some fifteen or twenty loads of corn more can be got in the same neighborhood.

Very respectfully,

E. BAXTER,

Colonel and Recruiting Officer, 4th Ark. Mounted Infy. Vols.

