
be that the other route up the Minnesota River will be more economical and eligible than by Abercrombie. If these suggestions strike you as deserving your favorable consideration, please to give me the necessary authority in the premises.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Culpeper, Va., March 25, 1864-4 p.m. (Received 6 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff;

I sent a letter to General Banks before leaving Nashville, directing him to finish his present expedition and assemble all his available force at New Orleans as soon as possible, and prepare to receive orders for the taking of Mobile. If Shreveport is carried about 8,000 troops can be spared from Steele and Rosecrans to join Banks, and if more is necessary to insure success against Mobile they can be taken from Sherman. I would prefer Gillmore to act entirely on the defensive at Charleston, and hold all the spare force he has in readiness for orders. I will want him to co-operate with this army against Lee. I would like it if the Secretary of the Navy would order two of the iron-clads from Charleston to report to Admiral Farragut, with instructions to the latter not to attack until the army is ready to operate with him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, March 25, 1864

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Alexandria:

GENERAL: I think it quite important there should be a fast boat at Port Hudson to carry dispatches between that point and Alexandria.

Colonel Holabird suggests the Mittie Stevens, now with you.

RICHD. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., March 25, 1864

Major D. C. HOUSTON,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: I desire that you will detail a proper officer to go out on the Bayou Rapides road and make a map of the same as far as he can go under the protection of Colonel Lucas, commanding cavalry brigade, stationed on that road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

46 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

