
[Second indorsement.]

Telegraph as follows:

If Captain Blanchard has not already gone he will remain in command of the post of Dardanelle until further orders.

By order of Major-General Steele:

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. SALOMON'S DIVISION, DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS. Numbers 3. In the Field, March 25, 1864

I. Special attention is directed to the following extract from paragraph VI, General Field Orders, Numbers 1, issued from headquarters of the Department of Arkansas:

The country must yield all it can of food and forage without bringing starvation upon the people. This fact will not, however, justify plundering or indiscriminate seizure of anything.

Brigade commanders will detail daily from their respective commands a foraging party, to be charged with the special duty of collecting food and forage for its own brigade in quantity sufficient for the day. Beef will be brought to camp on the hoof and there slaughtered.

Receipts will be given, if the owners, are present, specifying the amount and kind of property taken, and reasonable supplies left on the place for family use. All properly thus taken will be turned over to brigade quartermasters for issue, who will report the same daily to the division quartermaster and commissary, respectively. These forage parties must be efficient in the discharge of their duties.

Any soldier having in his possession any property, no matter of what description, not legitimately obtained, will be deemed guilty of disobedience of orders and punished accordingly.

II. Provisions having been made for foraging parties, all firing on the march and in camp is hereby strictly prohibited. Brigade commanders will take prompt measures to enforce this order. Violations of this order will meet severe punishment.

By order of Brigadier General F. Salomon:

A. BLOCKI,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS McRAE'S COMMAND,Woodruff County, Ark., March 25, 1864.

Colonel R. R. LIVINGSTON:

Commanding U. S. Forces, Northeastern Arkansas, Batesville, Ark.:

COLONEL: I send response to your communication of the 8th instant under flag of truce by Colonel Rogan. I would have responded sooner, but was absent at the time your communication arrived at my headquarters. The first paragraph of your communication, with regard to pillaging and marauding by straggling soldiers, I fully indorse your views. His position, if a regularly mustered soldier,

