HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., January 13, 1864.

Captain T. J. MAJORS,First Nebraska Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: You will proceed with your command, consisting of 150 men, on the Smithville road, and attack the encampment of guerrillas located about 7 miles this side of Smithville and about 28 miles from Batesville, on Reed's Creek. You will make such disposition of your forces as will insure the capture or entire destruction of the band, which is reported about 80 strong, under command of Captains Dye and Adams. Should they have moved, and should there be any hope of your overtaking them, pursue with all dispatch, and do them all the injury in your power. Having accomplished this you will return to these headquarters without delay, unless you hear of other bands of the same character within your reach. If you hear of such attack and destroy them. Use proper vigilance over your men, and permit no depredations whatever upon citizens, but on the contrary endeavor to foster the growing spirit of loyalty now showing itself among the inhabitants, to prove to them that their faith in the United States Government is well founded.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

COLUMBUS, KY., January 13, 1864.

Major-General SCHOFIELD:

The two companies of the Twenty-fifth Missouri arrived here from New Madrid on the 10th. Eight companies of the same regiment, under Major Nichols, are at Union City. The Third Indiana Battery is also at Union City. Please inform me what disposition you want made of them.

Navigation is now closed north.

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, No. 2. Saint Louis, Mo., January 13, 1864.

In accordance with General Orders, No. 1, War Department, Adjutant-General's office, dated January 1, 1864, constituting the Department of Kansas, the command of such portion of this Department as is included within the limits of the Department of Kansas, consisting of the State of Kansas, the Territories of Nebraska and Colorado, and the Indian Territory, including the military post at Fort Smith, Ark., is hereby relinquished to Major-General Curtis, U. S. Volunteers. Returns and reports will be made in accordance herewith to headquarters Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

By command of Major-General Shofield:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

