
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 45. Saint Louis, Mo., March 25, 1864

I. Brigadier General Thomas Ewing, jr. U. S. Volunteers, having reported to these headquarters in compliance with instructions from the War Department, will relieve Brigadier General C. B. Fisk, U. S. Volunteers in the command of the Saint Louis District.

II. Upon being relieve, Brigadier-General Fisk will proceed, without delay, to Macon City, Mo., and relieve Brigadier General O. Guitar, Missouri State Militia, in the command of the District of North Missouri.

III. Upon being relieved by Brigadier-General Fisk, Brigadier-General Guitar will repair, without delay, to Rolla, Mo., and assume command of the Rolla District.

IV. In the changes of stations incident upon the foregoing orders, each of the general officers will be accompanied by his personal staff and his assistant adjutant-general.

The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation for the authorized private horses of the officers affected hereby.

V. It having come to the knowledge of the department commander that much outrage has been committed by the arrest, as deserters, of enlisted men formerly in service in the organization known as the "United States Reserve Corps," it is ordered that all men now held in confinement in this city charged with desertion from said "United States Reserve Corps" be at once released from confinement, and that no more arrests of a similar nature be made without the facts being first reported to the headquarters of the Saint Louis District, and authority thereof obtained.

VI. The authority from these headquarters under which Mr. J. M. Hiatt, of Keokuk, Iowa, has been acting as provost-marshal of the "border of Iowa and Missouri" is revoked, the revocation to take effect from the 4th instant. All unsettled accounts for proper expenditures incurred in the performance of his official duties by Mr. Hiatt will be audited by the provost-marshal-general of the department, and paid by the proper staff officers at these headquarters.

In relieving Mr. Hiatt from the important duties of his position, it is deemed but justice to state that, in the opinion of the commanding general, the original necessity for his services has passed, and his duties can now be more appropriately performed by the provost-marshal-general of the department.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., March 25, 1864

Captain G. A. HOLLOWAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Yes; they are evidently on the rampage. Hiller writes that they are evidently moving, and mean mischief. The scattering of my force,as directed in late orders, will leave me powerless for attack and weak at all points. I have to send one company to Dallas to-day.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

