
file charges against any officer who purchases more than this reasonable allowance of subsistence stores, or who, if he have no family, procures such stores for the subsistence of others besides himself and authorized servants.

IV. Commanding officers at stations distant from the source of supply will exercise great forecast to the end that requisitions are sent for stores in time, and will carefully watch over and husband their provisions and if there is danger of running short before others can be received, to diminish the amount to be issued to their command at such a seasonable date as to prevent any serious privation or want.

V. Hereafter, to save time and to provide against accidents, commanders of posts will send all estimates for supplies or funds direct to the proper staff officers at department headquarters. At the same time duplicates of such estimate will be forwarded to the district commander, who, before he transmits them, will make such comments upon them as he may deem necessary for a full understanding of the matter as regarded from his point of view.

By command of Brigadier-General Carleton:

ERASTUS W. WOOD,

Aide-de-Camp.

MILWAUKEE, WIS., March 25, 1864

Brigadier General H. H. SIBLEY,

[Saint Paul, Minn.:]

Communicate immediately to Sully, at Saint Louis, the number of cavalry, mounted infantry, &amp;c., you will send him from Minnesota, together with the caliber of their arms, that he may send necessary ammunition up the Missouri River.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 25, 1864

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: I received yesterday your letter of the 21st. In reply it is only necessary to say that you will see from General Halleck's indorsement that I am authorized to employ (not enlist) such Indians as I may think judicious for service in your campaign. If you remember, we had a conversation on the subject when you were here, and you suggested substantially the plan you now do in your letter, in which I fully agree with you. My idea is to employ as many Shawnees and Delawares, as well as other Indians who are available giving them the blankets, &c., as you suggest, as also what rations they absolutely need, and promising them all the spoils of the campaign. I think in this way you can get for little or nothing some of the very best fighting Indian material on the frontier.

You have my authority to do this to the extent you think judicious. We must by all means make a clean sweep of hostile Indians this summer, as far at least as the "Crow country", and you must employ all the friendly Indians who may be useful for this purpose. I have no doubt you can get many of the Rees and Mandans simply

