
for the privilege of accompanying you in this war and sharing the spoils. This whole matter I leave to your discretion, with the understanding that I will authorize and support every arrangement you think judicious. We must end Indian hostilities this season. I have applied for an engineer officer to report to you with necessary surveying instruments by the 25th Arpil at Sioux City. Brackett's battalion is assigned to you. I have ordered it to accompany the troops Sibley sends from Minnesota. Do you wish it to go sooner?

Very truly, yours,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 25, 1864

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Commanding District of Iowa:

GENERAL: I would suggest to you, in employing Delawares and Shawners, that you send up and secure Black Beaver, who is now somewhere in Kansas. I would also suggest to you the propriety of giving orders that no boats be allowed to pass above Fort Pierre until you think it safe. I send in this connection an extract from a letter just received from General Sibley, which bears upon the subject in another view. It is always to be understood that no treaties be permitted to be made with the Indians by anybody except yourself, and that the terms be such as are contained in the instructions hitherto sent from these headquarters. I will if possible prevent the shipment of any annuities by the Indian Department for the hostile Indians.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 4. Alexandria, La., March 26, 1864

1. The Third Brigade, Second Division, Nineteenth Army Corps, will proceed at once, upon the receipt of this order, to Alexandria, as a garrison for that place.

* * * * *

9. I. The pontoon train now with the Nineteenth Army Corps is assigned to the Third Regiment of Engineers, Corps d'Afrique.

II. The Third and Fifth Regiments of Engineers, Corps d'Afrique,

are assigned until further orders, to the command of Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Volunteers.

* * * * *

17. Brigadier General Alfred Ellet, commanding the Mississippi Marine Brigade, is with his command, relieved from duty in this department, and will proceed to carry out the instructions of Major General J. B. McPherson, commanding the Seventeenth Army Corps,dated March 16, 1864.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

