SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 68. Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. Companies A and F, Eighteenth Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry, will be stationed about 1 mile west of the ranch at the lower end of Matagorda Island, now occupied by Captain Armstrong, Texas scouts, at a point convenient for the support of the outposts at Cedar Bayou and Oyster Reef. Major A. C. Matthews, Ninety-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, will take command of the line of couriers and the cavalry, mounted infantry, and scouts at and near Cedar Bayou. The outposts at Cedar Bayou will be increased to 20 men, in charge of a commissioned officer, and the outpost at the Oyster Reef will be increased to 25 men and a commissioned officer, the reserve to be held in constant readiness for the support of any point threatened. The various officers of the command will make themselves familiar with all available routes and crossings in their vicinity.

The courier-posts will be maintained as at present established, at intervals of 5 miles, and all messages will be forwarded with the greatest dispatch, such as pertain to the movements of the enemy to be communicated to Colonel Bailey, Ninety-ninth Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry, commanding infantry outposts, to the headquarters of the Thirteenth Army Corps, and the headquarters of the First Division. Major Matthews will designate such signals for the use of outposts as will expedite movements in case of attack, and will resist, with all his available force, the passage of the enemy of Cedar Bayou or the State Channel at the Oyster Reef.

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 26, 1864

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report in relation to fortifications the number of men employed, and progress made for the 25th and 26th March, instant: There were employed on second line, the 25th instant, eight regiments from the First and Second Brigades, First Division, numbering in all about 1,700 men. I am unable to be exact in this particular, as some of the regiments, did not report their strength present. These were employed as usual by reliefs. A sodding party of 20 men was engaged in forenoon and 125 in the afternoon of 25th on left of line; seven teams were employed by this party; 80 men were employed making revetments at middle lunette. The work on this entire line progresses rapidly.

The regiments from the Second Brigade did not work on the 26th instant, and four regiments from the First Brigade worked only until 11 a.m. Very little was done on this line to-day. On Monday I shall require all the teams I can possibly have at this line; also lumber for pins. One hundred and seven men from Second Engineers were engaged at Fort Esperanza on the 25th, 190 on first line and 38 on works at Bayou McHenry, which latter works are now complete.

