
Ninety-seven men were employed on Fort Esperanza and 234 on first line in the forenoon of the 26th. I can do very little more to Fort Esperanza until I have lumber for platforms.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. COBB,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS, &amp;C.,Little Rock, Ark., March 26, 1864

General N. KIMBALL.

GENERAL: Messenger who left here this morning has been driven back by a party of guerrillas about 5 miles this side of Benton. He estimates their numbers at about 50, and were coming this way. Two couriers will start at daylight to-morrow morning, and I shall send duplicates of all important dispatches. They will be directed to take different roads. If you have anything to send out, please have it left at my office to-night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH, 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., March 26, 1864,

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Clarksville, Ark:

General Kimball desires you to be on the alert for guerrillas in your district, and to advise him promptly of any of their movements.

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DET. 7TH A. C., DEPT. OF ARK. Numbers 2. Little Rock, Ark., March 26, 1864

Colonel A. Cummings, Nineteenth Regiment Pennsylvania Cavalry, in charge of recruiting and organizing troops of African descent inn the State of Arkansas is placed in command of all such troops in the vicinity of Little Rock. He is charged with the supervision of all other persons of African descent at this post who are not otherwise provided for by existing orders, and will organize them as promptly as may be for fatigue parties and for any other uses as will be beneficial to them and to the Government. He will report for duty, with the troops under his command and with such organizations as he may effect, to Colonel C. C. Andrews, commanding detachment Second Division, Seventh Army Corps, and post at Little Rock.

By order of Brigadier General Nathan Kimball:

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

