
CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., January 13, 1864.

General FISK:

Loyal citizens are anxious to kill guerrillas in Dunklin. There are some who will do so. In Dallas 4 citizens fought and killed 2 of Bolin's men.

This kind of men want a little powder and ammunition at times. I think it would be advisable to let them have a little when satisfied their object is self-protection. I ordered Gentry to do so, when he thought the parties were acting in good faith, and then in small quantities only. Do you approve? Answer immediately, as Gentry may go soon.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

PATTERSON, January 13, 1864.

Brigadier General C. B. FISK,

Commanding District of Saint Louis:

I can hear of nothing below more than what I have informed you. I think Colonel Livingston has reached Batesville; he was there some ten days since. I do not think we will have much more fighting in Southeast Missouri; the weather has been so cold and the roads so bad that we have been unable to scout much. I have sent scouts out, but they have had to return to camp without doing much. We have only caught 3 jayhawkers here since the snow fell.

Lieutenant-Colonel Broadhead has reported to the regiment for duty. General, I would like to go back to Pilot Knob as provost-marshal. I can move that thing better than any of them. I do not wish to leave here, either. I would like to be at both places at once, if I could. I would rather be in the field, but now I would like to be back there, because they removed me in the way they did. I had rather be in the field than to be there, but I would like to be provost-marshal at Pilot Knob just because the colonel saw fit to relieve me in the way he did, but I wish to stay where you think I am worth the most, let that be where it will. If I stay here I will put them through; if I go there I will do the same. I am bound to go to Arkansas as soon as I can travel; when we go we will be apt to raise some of them.

W. T. LEEPER,

Captain, Commanding Post.

PILOT KNOB, MO., January 13, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding Saint Louis District:

Captain Leeper has overhauled in killed 3 more bushwhacking thieves in Carter County. It is O. K. Will Lieutenant-Colonel Broadhead join his regiment, and when?

R. G. WOODSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

