
for holding territory acquired, and where the are no organized bodies of the enemy threatening, must be reduced to the smallest number necessary for the end to be accomplished. Between the Department of the Missouri and any considerable force of the enemy Steele's army now intervenes. There is, therefore, in the department nothing but irresponsible squads of guerrillas and restless and dissatisfied citizens to guard against.

It looks to me as if a force consisting mostly of light cavalry, unincumbered with transportation and surplus equipage, was most needed for this purpose. An examination of the last return furnished by you shows that you have already a large preponderance of mounted troops, and if you deem it necessary I think two more regiments of cavalry can be added to that you already have. With such an addition to your mounted force you ought, by judicious posting of your troops, to be able to spare from 5,000 to 7,000 of your present effective infantry for service elsewhere. You are therefore directed to take immediate steps to collect all the infantry you can spare (not less than 5,000 effectives if your command has not been much reduced since last return) at Saint Louis, or some other point convenient to the Mississippi River, where they can be embarked at short notice for any point to which they may be ordered.

Report to these headquarters by telegraph the number of troops you will be able to spare, and the time when you will have them ready to embark and from what point. Such troops as you select to be sent to the field will bring with them their transportation, camp and garrison equipage.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST. OF CENTRAL MO.,Kansas City, Mo., March 26, 1864.

Captain J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to inform the general commanding of the following changes made in this sub-district: Lieutenant-Colonel Marsh, Ninth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, has relieved Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd of the command at the station of Kansas City, [who], with headquarters of the Second Regiment Colorado Volunteer Cavalry, proceeds to Independence; Lieutenant-Colonel Dodd takes command of that station. I have also ordered back to Little Santa Fe, Lieutenant Evens, with a portion of Squadron E.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-Dist., Dist. of Central Mo.

CASSVILLE, MO., March 26, 1864

General SANBORN,

Springfield, Mo.:

By dispatch just received from Berryville, I learn that Lieutenant Kelly and Cross (Captain Owen's clerk) were killed by bushwhackers 5 miles from Rolling Prairie last Thursday.

O. S. FAHNSTOCK,.

Lieutenant, Commanding Post.

