
MACON CITY, MO., March 26, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

I regret to be compelled to inform you of serious troubles in Putman County, occasioned by men of Eighteenth Missouri Infantry recently returned on furlough. On Monday last, at Unionville, they shot and killed 3 peaceable citizens and mortally wounded the fourth. They also shot at and drove out of town a large number of other citizens, killing a fourth man at another point in the county. The pretext for these outrages was that the parties killed and driven off were copperheads.

The circuit court was in session at Unionville at the time these outrages were perpetrated, and no effort was made either to suppress the riot or arrest the guilty parties. My last advices, which are up to Thursday noon, report the riot as still going on, and that citizens were fleeing the country in every direction. In simple terms, these men have inaugurated a reign of blood and terror in Putnam and Sullivan Counties. I have ordered 50 men to Putman to quell the disturbance and arrest the guilty parties.

O. GUITAR.

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 26, 1864.

General GUITAR, Macon City, Mo.:

Your action in the matter of sending troops to the scene of the riot is approved. Act promptly and energetically for the peace of the community. The general thinks you had better go to the scene of action.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PAOLA, March 26, 1864

Lieutenant-Colonel HOYT, Olathe, Kans.:

Your telegram in regard to sending detachment to Hickory Point is not sufficiently definite to base instructions upon. You will act according to your best judgment and the instructions already furnished you. On the subject of changing the stations of troops in your command you had better consult Colonel Moonlight.

By order of General McKean:

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., March 26, 1864.

His Excellency Governor JOHN EVANS, Denver City, Colo.:

GOVERNOR: I am in receipt of a communication,forwarded by Your Excellency, coming from Major S. G. Colley, Indian agent, Upper Arkansas, concerning threatened hostilities among Indian tribes. I am glad to have transmitted to my notice all intelligence of a credible nature Your Excellency can send me, and I will take due notice and govern myself accordingly.

