HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 27, 1864.

Major D. C. HOUSTON,

Chief Engineer, Department of the Gulf:

MAJOR: Your letter of this date, inclosing plan of work to be constructed below Alexandria for 5,000 men, has been received and submitted to the major-general commanding, who approves the general plan and desires the immediate commencement of work.

I would suggest, respectfully, some change in the proposed armament, giving more platforms for stationary guns. As the work proposed is for a force which may often take the field, leaving only a small portion as a garrison, the field guns might often be withdrawn, leaving the fortifications poorly garrisoned.

Very respectfully, I am, major, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., March 27, 1864

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: To carry out to the order from department headquarters just received, directing me to organize another brigade, I respectfully request that I may be authorized, first, to transfer to such brigades as may be selected from any colored troops at this post as many privates as may be deemed necessary, not exceeding the number necessary to fill each regiment to the maximum allowed by law. I propose to keep an accurate record by name of each private so transferred. I also propose to select for transfer those privates only who have been well drilled. It is highly desirable that recruits should be sent here as speedily as possible to fill up the regiments from which transfers shall be made. I do not propose at present to transfer either from or to regiments of colored troops from the East furnished by States, but I see no reason for further restricting transfers.

As another brigade will make a full division in the field I presume it will be desired that General Ulmann should take command of it. Please inform me on this point. An early rely is respectfully requested, upon receiving which I will proceed to execute the order herein referred to with as little delay as practicable. I would again respectfully urge the importance of sending recruits here with the least possible delay.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS.

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., March 31, 1864

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Andrews, commanding the Corps d'Afrique, who is authorized to make the transfer in regiments raised in this department. Care will be taken in selecting a good colonel to command the brigade.

By command of Major-General Banks:

C. S. SARGENT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

