HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 27, 1864.

Major General WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN.

Commanding Nineteenth and Detach. Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that you advance you whole command as rapidly as practicable on the road to Natchitoches, commencing the movement to-morrow morning. The Cavalry Division, with the exception of the brigade under your immediate orders, is already in advance in that direction; ne brigade at Henderson's Hill or with Brigadier General A. J. Smith a few miles on the right, and one in your immediate front. It is desirable that the march to Natchitoches should be as rapid as possible, and unless otherwise instructed you will give to the cavalry in your advance any orders which, in your judgment, will facilitate the movement. General Smith's detachment of the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps will move from its present position in transports for the Natchitoches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE.

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 27, 1864

Brigadier General A. J. SMITH,

Commanding Detach. Sixteenth and Seventeenth Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward for your information the inclosed order* relating to General Ellet's brigade. This order was made out in accordance with the order on the same subject by Major-General McPherson, commanding Seventeenth Army Corps, forwarded yesterday to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH., 16TH AND 17TH ARMY CORPS,Bayou Cotile, La., March 27, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Gulf:

The inclosed document was handed me on the march; and without looking at the address I opened it. I am now near the point on Red River [where] I was directed to encamp. So far we have seen no negroes we will find no enemy this side of Cane River. I have a man direct from Saint Joseph, who states that the head of Green's column was arriving when he left, but as Walker was also arriving at that point on his route toward Shreveport it was [believed] that they [had] all taken the road to Shreveport. Taylor is near Natchitoches, having crossed Cane River yesterday and day before.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

*See paragraph 17, p. 735.

---------------

