
[Indorsement.]

The inclosed document was a letter from Major Levy, commissioner of exchange on the part of General Taylor, made to General C. C. Dwight, commissioner of exchange on the part of Major-General Banks.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., March 27, 1864.

Brigadier General A. L. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that Brigadier-General Smith has been ordered to send Dudley's brigade to report to you at Henderson's Hill at 5 p.m. to-morrow.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 27, 1864

Brigadier General A. L. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will advance Robinson's brigade to form a junction with Lucas' to-morrow morning before 11 o'clock.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 27, 1864

Major-General DANA,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I would call your attention to the fact that with a strong southeast wind the water of the bay passes over the beach about 100 yards south of the lower corner of Fort Esperanza, and also through the ditch in front of the rebel outer works near these headquarters. A continuation of a storm for any length of time would probably produce a permanent bayou, and subject us to much inconvenience, especially as we have no suitable timber for bridging.

At the break near Fort Esperanza a levee could be constructed between the two converging ranges of low sand hills, about 50 yards from the beach, and the ditch could be closed about 20 yards from the beach, protecting the island except in case of an extraordinary storm. You will please cause a competent officer to examine these places and construct the levee without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

