HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 27, 1864

Major-General DANA,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Colonel Cobb's report of the progress of the defensive works, dated the 24th instant, is received. He says he needs shingles and teams. I learn from the corps quartermaster that there are no shingles here except those necessary for covering perishable commissary and quartermaster' stores. Neither can he furnish any more teams. Colonel Cobb will therefore have to make some other material available as a substitute for shingles. There are 103 teams in the First Division. Make these, or such portion of them as may be proper, available for Colonel Cobb's temporary use.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 69. Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 27, 1864.

I. Major General N. J. T. Dana having been relieved from duty in the Department of the Gulf by Special Orders, Numbers 58, current series from department headquarters, will resign command of the First Division to the senior officer present on the 31st instant, and will set out at his convenience thereafter on his journey to New York.

II. The following-named officers of the personal staff of Major General N. J. T. Dana are hereby relieved from duty in this command after the 31st instant, and will report to General Dana in New York City for orders:

Captain George H. Dana, Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry.

Captain William F. Milton, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry.

Captain E. L. Sprout, Eighty-second New York Volunteer Infantry.

III. The commanding general of the First Division all

cause details for fatigue duty to be furnished regularly and promptly to the corps quartermaster and his assistants, upon their written application, in such manner as that general may find most convenient and proper.

IV. Captain W. Wingett, Sixty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteer Infantry, is hereby relieved from duty with mounted infantry, and will report to the commanding officer of his regiment for duty.

V. Lieutenant Colonel G. A. Pierce, quartermaster Thirteenth Army Corps, having joined for duty on the 26th instant, will discharge the duties of his office in person from this date.

VI. Captain M. C. Garber, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, is relieved from duty as acting quartermaster, Thirteenth Army Corps, and will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Pierce, to take charge of land and water transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

