
operate? The enemy is well prepared to get in your rear, and, in my opinion, will do so. But I pray God you may be successful, do as you may, go on or return.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., March 27, 1864.

Captain PERGAM,

Commanding Guard:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding expect you to be particularly careful and faithfully protect the tannery you are guarding against attacks from guerrillas or surprises by them. He wishes to keep him advised of any movements of guerrillas in your neighborhood to which you may be knowing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[LITTLE ROCK, ARK.,] March 27, 1864.

Colonel POWELL CLAYTON,

Commanding, Pine Bluff:

General kimball directs that you retain the negro soldiers and make them effective as infantry. He has two scouts out between here and Benton-one on the Bentoin road and one in the country about 10 miles east of Benton. He expects you to act upon the instructions from General Steele, communicated to you by his chief of staff, as represented by you in your telegram of his date, in all your movements, until further orders.

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST CAV. DIV., 7TH A. C. Numbers 3. In Field, Camp Numbers 4, March 27, 1864.

All scouting and recoinnoi thering parties will bring in all serviceable horses mules all good beef-cattle that they can find, the commanding officer giving memorandum receipts for same and making reciord of the property taken, and from whom. Horses and mules will be turned to the brigade quartermaster, who will receipt for the same to Captain Henry, chief assistant quartermaster, and turn over to him the above-mentioned record. Beeeves, except as are required for the use of this divisioin, will be sent by brigade commanders to Captain Thompson, commissary of subsistence, who will be furnished with all records regarding receipts given for all beeves. The brigadier-general commanding sincerely hopes that in taking animals required for our use no unnecessary hardships will be inflicted on the inhabitants of the country. The taking of household stuff or the immediate provisions of families is niothing less than

