HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 28, 1864.

Major General WILLIAMS B. FRANKLIN,

Commanding Nineteenth and Detach, Thirteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: After a conversation with two men thoroughly conversant with the roads between this Natchitoches, I think you will find it advisable to purpose the main stage road from James' Store to Natchitoches. This will take you cross Cane River just above Cloutierville. The river take you across Cane river just above of Red River at this point, and these to Natchitoches the distance is just 40 miles. The river is to be crossed again just below Natchitoches. The road laid down on the maps to the left of Came River is represented as rough and in bad repair, with a bad crossing at Casatche. It is advised by these persons that plantation cut-off roads be avoided by trains, and the main stage road solely relieved on. The measured distance from Alexandria to Natchitoches by stage road is given at 75 miles. That from Natchitoches to Shreveport 90 miles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The river banks on the Cane River are represented as very steep and requiring much shoveling if a bridge is through across it
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Matagorda Island, Tex., March 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

COLONEL: A Frenchman just from Victoria, Tex., reports that Duff's regiment has not left Lavaca River other rebel troops have gone to Louisiana. He thinks there is a force, probably a small one, Green Lake.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF ARKANSAS,Little Rock, Ark., March 28, 1864.

General [KIMBALL]:

From the communication of Colonel Manter i gather-that the command encamped 6 miles beyond Rockport last night; roads much better than had been expected; supplies tolerably abundant; so few sick or foot-sore as not works while to send back; command in fine condition and delighted with the whole think. No enemy expect a small observing force, which does not stop the advance guard. The does not indicate that he will turn back.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. D. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

