
SAINT LOUIS, March 28, 1864.

(Received 6.20 p. m., 30th.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Excuse me for calling attention to the request I have made concerning Missouri matters. Any important movement here is inexpedient until the wishes of the Department are known on the subject, and yet the season is so late that dispositions to quiet the State, protect planting, and guard against guerrillas must be made almost immediately. We ought to get rid of the Enrolled Militia who are serving without pay.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MO., ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Saint Louis, Mo., March 2, 1864.

In ordered to carry out practically General Orders, Numbers 43, current series, from these headquarters, the following instructions are published for the information of all concerned:

SECTION 1. An acting topographical engineer will be detailed by the commanding officer of each detachment from the officers or enlisted men of his command. He will excused from all other duty until the completion of his report, which will be sent at the end of the mouth to the district engineer.

SECTION 2. In the performance of his duty this officer will be guided by section 710, 712, 713, 714, and 715, Army Regulations of 1863, except in the column marked "Route," the sketch of the road or trail passed over will be like a map, and so made that the top will be north, the bottom south. Journals will be furnished the district engineer from this office on requisition.

SECTION 3. All house, mills, churches, court-houses, &amp;c., on the route will be marked on the sketch, with the name of the owner, and, if possible, the township and section in which located. All water (springs, wells, creeks, &c.) will be noted, and all good camps. In the column "Remarks," the number of animals which the camp will supply with water grass will be mentioned, and if corn or food can be obtained in the neighborhood. Timber and prairie land will be distinctly marked, also the ranges of hills or mountains over which the road passes.

The width of streams will be given, and the average depth of the water; how are they crossed, by ford, ferry, of brigade; if brigade, what kind; if it is always fordable, and if not, can a bridge be built from the timber on this banks?

The sketch will include as much of the country on each side of the road as can be examined without delaying the march of the column. The column of remarks will contain all other information that may be of use to the commanding general. At the end of each month the district engineer will send to this office a topographical sketch of the information obtained during the month, together with the original report from which the information was obtained.

By command of Major-General Rosecrans:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

