
PARKVILLE, MO., March 28, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis:

DEAR SIR: During my conversation with you a few days since you remarked that you wished correct information on the state of affairs in this section, and being a citizens only wishing the good of our country, not of any party. I write you the following facts without apology, which you may act upon as you see proper. There-fours of the people of Platte, Clay, Clinton, Ray, and other adjoining counties are rebels and Southern sympathizers. Most of the true Union fighting material has enlisted inthe U. S. service. The Sixteenth Kansas is nearly all from this side. Many Union, fearing Paw Paw rebel rule, have moved to Kansas. Civil power is fast passing into rebel hands. They can and will outvote us. The military power is now entirely in their hands, locally, No unconditional Union man went into the Paw Paw militia. A few soft Union men were in for a blind.

The great majority are know to Union men here as inveterate rebels, who, if warmed in the bosom of their country, will turn and fasten their poisoners fangs upon her vitals. No rebel has repented, in my knowledge, except to save his life and property. We earnestly entreat you to remove this traitorous blot from the page of history. Why were these armed rebels placed over Union men?

Why are traitors thus armed and allowed to congregate and hatch treason? They, to our knowledge, been only schools to nature treason and form the groundwork of a conspiracy to which I shall allude. They are armed, fed,and drilled at Government expense, and some companies have been dismissed an allowed to take their arms home with and draw ammunition weekly, so the whole rebel population is armed. What will this accomplish? We shall see when they attempt to carry Missouri out of the Union men, but Union boys have often slipped in among them, and report having heard the following language at sundry times, which will show you the sentiments they entertain:

I had rather go to the Confederate service than be drafted. i won's fight Price if he comes back. I will go to the brush when the leaves come out I am drafted. Moss says, "Shoot down Union men if they cross your patch." He says we must be quiet for awhile, but by and by he will show us fun. I am loading this pistol to shoot Parks, the old abolitionist. Hold on; we shall get our rights yet.

Such is the secret animals you will find in these soldiers the Government has armed here. God only knows what goon they are doing, or what purposes they subserve; only those of traitors. Colonel Moss and Colonel Williams have always been suspected by Union men.

When you arrive at the facts you will find no soundness in higher quarters than in private Paw Paw, or else these known rebels would never have armed.

Any inquiries with regard to Colonel or Brigadier-General Winston, at Platte City, could not result in the development of the true facts, for it has long since passed into a proverb that "there was but one Union man at Platte City, and he had no influence." Rebel recruiting officers, Knights of the Golden Circle, and the Paw Paws have been busy this last winter in manufacturing public sentiment, which has been expressed to me in the same language and by so many different persons, at different places, that I have been led to

