
the cavalry regiments in the volunteer service. The quartermaster's and ordnance departments will issue the necessary horses, arms, and accouterments.

13. The two companies of the Fourteenth New York Cavalry now serving under Major Bassford, at Franklin, La., will proceed without delay to New Orleans, and report for duty to the chief of cavalry.

By command of Major-General Banks:

G. NORMAN LIEBER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, New Orleans, January 14, 1864-7.45 p.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,Commanding Defenses of New Orleans:

GENERAL: A rebel force of some importance, perhaps 2,000, which has been holding a threatening front between Port Hudson and Baton Rouge, has moved. Scouts watching its movement are not all in, and its direction taken is not yet known. That force might choose to worry Kimball at Madisonville, and I advise that he be put on his guard and re-enforced as soon as practicable.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE, Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

BATON ROUGE, LA., January 14, 1864.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

No news of importance since last telegram, except the enemy has moved from Olive Church. But one patrol in. What direction the rebels took not ascertained.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General.

BATON ROUGE, LA., January 14, 1864-12.35 p.m. [Received 12.45 p.m.]

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff:

Information and circumstances indicate an attack by superior forces unless the enemy is attacked or strongly threatened from Port Hudson. I request that the two regiments ordered from Plaquemine be sent here, and one of the batteries and transportation be sent at once from New Orleans. There are two very poor boats above that were five days coming up.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.

[Indorsements.]

GENERAL: The two regiments can be easily sent to Baton Rouge from Plaquemine, and a battery from here if deemed desirable.

C. P.[STONE].

The regiments should be sent at once if transports can be had.

N. P.[BANKS].

