
believe that a general conspiracy was in foot, ready to be developed on the first favorable opportunity. I can read it in their countenances, too. Such expressions as the se are common:

The South is stronger now than ever before, and will certainly gain her independence. Do you believe that Missouri will go her? I do. In sixty days you will see we shall have our rights. Claib. Jackson could not have armed us as quick as Colonel Moss did.

I am convinced from every circumstance, although not known to me directly, that officers from the rebel army have been recruiting in this section all winter, and that it was known to the Paw Paws. Rebel families are selling out all property.

I will state to you what I have just learned from George Summers and Thomas Wilson, both young men of this place and reliable Union men. Mr. Wilson was formerly a lieutenant in the Enrolled Missouri Militia. Last November they were returning from Platte City; Summers was riding Lieutenant Mills' horse, with Federal trappings, when they overtook the bright little son of Colonel John Winston, recently arrested. They told him they were Confederate and won his confidence. They told him the his farther was at home and recruiting, and they were recusing and wanted to find him, and that they had just taken a horse from a Federal officer, &amp;c. The boy then told them that his farther was at home, but they must come to his house only one at a time, and if he was not at home they might go to Complain Chestnut's, and if he was not there to go to Tibbs' barn and not say anything to Tibbs, as he would not day anything,

but go too the door at the corner of the barn and go in, turn short to the left, go to the hay-mow and up a ladder, and on the side of the hay they would find a flat board; to rap on the board, and his father would let them down to his place. He said none could find the way but those directed by recruiting officers. He said Colonel Thornton, of Clay Country (brother-in-law of Colonel James H. Moss), was at home recruiting for the Confederates; he heard farther tell-north that Colonel Thornton to Colonel Moss and offered him a high commission in the Confederate army if he would join them and take his command with him; that Colonel Moss said that he (Thortion) knew that he a Federal officer, and if he joined the Confederates and was taken he would be hound; that he (Thornton) might go on if he did not come about him.

Such are some of the leading facts stated by Messrs. Wilson and Summers, as revealed to them by the simple-hearted and truthful boy, and which they will verify by affidavit called on. They stated these things to Captain Ford, of the Paw Paws, and he sent a scout out, and that was last of it; nothing was done. This was last November. These rebels seem now lively and in great hopes. They believe the South will achieve their independence, and have well digested schemes to rise upon certain contingencies, and we believe a rage rebel force is recruited in this section and will be joined by drafted men. The paw Paws are their friends, and they remain unmolested. The Paw Paws knocked the doors and windows out of a building of mine. I reported to Captain Simpson, of the Paw Paws, and he returned to go and look at it. He is stated to have been with guerrillas in 1862. Your can trump up charges at any time and have things all their awn way. Union men are not safe to report, for fear of secret vengeance. We are in their power

