
Remember, the border ruffians are the worst rebels. What can the Government gain by continuing this state of things but the sacrifice of Union men? If troops that were strangers were here they could do justice to all parties. Such is the position of things as seen from my standpoint. I leave it with you.

Respectfully,

GEO. S.. PARK.

BONE TOWNSHIP, MARIES COUNTRY,

March 28, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

DEAR SIR: Please excuse the liberty of an humble citizens addressing you. The excuse I have is that our lives and property are at hazard every hour. We have not been able to raise scarcely any crops for three yards. We have hoped that upon your accession to the command of this department we should have peace. We still hope so, but see no prospect for it except by one of there measures: Either drive away every secessionist and sympathizer from the country, or by some such an order as that of General Schofield of making the sympathizer pay for the damages the bushwhackers did, or by sending in detectives and pushing those that harbor them by detach, or some such severe punishment.

We believe either of these methods would answer if there was a determination either to carry it out vigorously. We have seen the futility of running and halting them. They only scatter, as Jim Lane very aptly, like a flock of ducks when a boat goes through them, and settle down again as it passes on. The immediate cause of my writing this is that a party of them have been here and stolen a good deal of property, and ordered some of their victims to leave the country within so many days or die. They have promised me a visit this week and my keep their promise or my not, to the day, but I doubt not but they will do so the first chance they get. It is certain that if something of this kind is not dine, and that very soon, we cannot raise any corps this year again, and many of us must leave the country. We believe that if such an ordered as that of Schofield's was issued and the rebels left assured that it would be enforced, trouble would be at an end here for Union people, and we would placed to see the time when in would be safer to be a Union man thana rebel, which time has never here yet.

We know that this plan is open to some objections, but not, in our opinion, to as great objections as advantages. It has the merit of simplicity and going directly to the point and the right place, their harborer, and certainly it is better to punished some few sympathizers than have the Union people robbed and murdered as they have been the last few years; and from the way it operated then, white it was force, we feel assured that if had been allowed to remain trouble would have been over at once, and if the money was appropriated to carrying on the war, or some other purpose than refunding the losses of their victims, if would remove all temptation to people to exaggerate their losses, which was one objection to that order.

With great resect and deference, I remain, your obedient, humble servant,

