
Sixth Enrolled Militia, has returned from an expedition on Buffalo River. He brought in 18 prisoners, among them a Captain Trimble, Dr. Boyd and his brother, and Hancock. They killed 2 notorious guerrilla leaders. Also a dispatch was received by Lieutenant-Colonel McMann from Major Melton, stating that different parties, numbering in all perhaps 250 men, some of them having recently crossed the Arkansas River below Clardsville, are yet south of this. I have what I believe to be reliable information that Price is now moving, but it is not known here in what direction. My scouts shall be kept out as far as possible, but I have not a sufficient number of here to do the duty now required at the station. There are nearly 200 refugees almost entirely department on the Government; most of them have no means of support whatever. They want transportation to Missouri and also subsistence for the trip. What shall I do concerning them?

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. MURPHY,

Major Sixth Missouri State Militia Cavalry, Commanding.

OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL, SECOND SUB-DISTRICT OF NORTH MISSOURI,

Hannibal, March 28, 1864.

Brigadier General O. GUITAR,

Commanding District of North Missouri, Macon City:

GENERAL: I have the honor to information you that so frequent were the rumors an report of rebels in arms being in Ralls and Monroe, &amp;c., I was induced to send out 3 men on scout, who were out three days and night, but could get nothing reliable as regards any rebels being in said counties. It had been reported to me that 4 men had entered the town of Santa Fe, Monroe Country, robbed the stores, &c., but the men could learn nothing as to by whom outrages were perpetrated, and report those counties in calm quietness, save an occasional horse theft. I have sent a detective up into Clark and Lewis Counties for investigation of certain matters, and for general information. If should get anything demanding your attention, I will communicate the same promptly.

General, yours, respectfully,

A. B. COHEN,

Major and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,March 28, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: The matter of your latter of March 20, just received, and of your former communications on the same subject, has been laid before Lieutenant-General Grant and the Secretary of war. It is understood that General Grant is about to investigate the affairs changes or a reorganization. The whole matter is left in his bands.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

