
List of regimens in the Department of Kansas, &amp;c.-Continued.

Command.	 Headquarters.	 Remarks.

District of

Colorado:

11th Ohio Volunteer	 Fort Laramie, Colo.	 Companies A, B, D,

Cavalry, Lieutenant 	 T.	 E, and G and field

Colonel William O.	 	 and staff at Fort

Collins.	 	 Laramie.

1st Colorado	 Fort Lyon, Colo. T.	 Companies F, K, and

Volunteer Cavalry	 	 M at Fort Lyon.

Major Scott J.

Anthony.

9th Wisconsin	 ...9...

Volunteer Battery,

Captain James H.

Dodge.

 	 Stationed at Camp

Independent Battery	 Camp Weld. Colo. T.	 Weld, Colo. T.

Colorado

Volunteers, Captain

William D. McLain.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTH KANSAS,Paola, March 28, 1864.

Major J. M. LAING,

Commanding Posts on E. border Miami and Linn Cos., Kans.:

MAJOR: The general commanding the district directs me to inquire whether you have placed any troops of your command at Trading Post. If not, he suggests that it had better be done, as frequent communications on the subject of protecting that point are received at this office. The general also directs that you furnish for the use of this officers a statement of the stations of your command, together with the number of troops at each post.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

N. B.-Requisition have been made for the necessary arms and equipments for Company C, Fifteenth Kansas.

G. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

CAMP AT COLDWATER GROVE, March 29, 1864.

Captain G. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Paola, Kans.:

CAPTAIN: Respectfully returned, with the remark that I have not as yet placed any troops at Trading Post. My command is of such limited means and one portion so poorly equipped that, fearful of consequences arising from commands so sparsely armed, I have not, as yet, separated them. That portion of my command under Lieutenant Murphy is but 51 strong; taking teamsters, cooks, and sick men, out of it, and also five posts every night, leaves the men only two nights in bed.

in reply to the communication of the general commanding in regard to the different stations of my command, I have to state that as yet I know of but two; one under command of Lieutenant Phillips, Company C, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, at or near Rockville, and a detachment of Companies B and k, Fifteenth Kansas Volunteer Cavalry, 51 strong,a t Coldwater Grove.

Company C, under command of Lieutenant Phillips, has no long arms, and but 25 revolvers in the entire company, and these private property.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, captain,

JNO. M. LAING,

Major Fifteenth Kansas Cavalry, Commanding Troops in Linn and miami Counties, Kans.

