
of all boats of a light draught now loading for the mines to get these goods up the river while it is high.

All of these boats are armed, and, if the passengers and are worth anything, are strong enough to protect themselves. Of course I expect they will be fired into and somebody get hurt; that's their business, for they have been fully warned. If, however, i is of the greatest importance that they should be stopped, I'll send up to Pierre; but it won't do to delay them long, for it they don't take advantage of the rise they can't get up this season. general Pope informs me that he can get no troops for me from Kansas Department and that Backett's battalion has been ordered to join my column. In view of all we know about Indians, it is important I should be up in the country as high as Fort Pierre in May. I may have to operate before your troops can join a small way, and the presence of a force there will hasten those Indians who are thinking of peace to come in. I have written to General Pope, therefore, suggesting that Bracett's battalion join me at Sioux City in May, about the 1st. I can send again to posts up to Spirit Lake, and thus they will have grain every night. I hope you can send them, and I hope the major will be able to get his four companies full I shall be pressed for men sufficient to do what is required of me. The rest of the command that you are to send to Bordache Creek I will need as soon as you can get them ready. The Sioux killed 1 of my soldier 3 miles from Fort Randall a few days ago. I shall be obliged to leave many of my men on the frontier, so that I shall be very much weaker than I thought.

How many pack mules and saddles will you be able to send to Bordache Creek? I shall have 200.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALF. SULLY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DIST. OF MINN., DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 28, 1864.

Big. General A. SULLY,

Saint Louis:

GENERAL: On the 26th instant I dispatched to you, per directions of Major-General Pope, a telegraphic dispatch containing the following, to wit:
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF MINNESOTA, DEPT. OF THE NORTHWEST,Saint Paul, Minn., March 26, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SULLY,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Take sufficient ammunition for 700 Springfield muskets, caliber 58; 500 Sharps carbines, 600 Smith carbines, 200 Colt army pistols, caliber 44; 500 Colt navy pistols, caliber 36; 400 Remington army pistols, caliber 44 (above includes Brackett's battalion); also 200 spherical case-shot, fixed; 100 canister-shot, fixed, for 6-pounders, and spherical case and canister for mountain howitzers.

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

In consequence of an error of Major Brackett with reference to the kind of pistols used by his command, I have by telegraph to-day requested you to change the ammunition in first dispatch so as to read, for 500 Colt army pistols, caliber 44, instead of 200, and for 200 Colt pistols, caliber 36 instead of 500.

