
My design is to send you a regiment of mounted infantry, say, 700 men, and eight companies of cavalry, all of which are nearly full to the maximum, and one or two sections of the Third Minnesota Battery. Brackett's battalion of between 300 and 400 men will accompany the column to the place of rendezvous on Bordache Creek. I have made all the necessary requisition for horses, equipments, arms, accouterments, &amp;c., for the completion of the equipment of the entire detachments, and if not delayed by their non-receipt in due season, I shall hasten everything forward as rapidly as the season will permit. Please inform me how long you will be detained in Saint Louis, and how I shall address you after your department from that point, as it be necessary for us to communicate with each other more of less frequently.

My advices by way of Abercrombie render it probable that a large portion of the Sissetons will submit to the Government. The Yanktonais are willing to make peace, but on condition that emigrants abstain from traversing the upper Missouri region in steamers or overland, and that the whites keep away from their country. It is quite probable they look upon these propositions as inadmissible and absurd, for they are reported to have invited the numbers of the lower bands of Isantis,and the disaffected generally, to join and make common cause with them. I shall probably have more definite information from the upper country in a very few days, in which case I will communicate it to you without delay.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. SIBLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 29, 1864.

Major General J. B. McPHERSON,

Commanding Departments of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: I consider it my duty to inform you that the Marine Brigade is reported to these headquarters to have stopped at every landing thus far on its way out of Red River, solely for the purpose of pillaging and the destruction of private property.

Very respectfully, general, I am, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

[MARCH 29, 1864.-For General Orders, Numbers 41, headquarters Department of the Gulf, in reference to elections, see Series III.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF.

Alexandria, La., March 29, 1864.

Captain D. N. WELCH,Assistant Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that you take immediate means to secure as much as possible of the railroad property near this post, and also the tools and appurtenances that belong to the railroad that are in the depot.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. CHUYLER CROSBY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

