
I think that on account of the steepness of the banks nearly forty eight hours will be required to cross the command. I have sent 1,000 cavalry and two guns to try to stir up Taylor on the road toward Fort Jesup, where I hear he is.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, March 29, 1864.

Captain J. SCHUYLER CROSBY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the Gulf:

SIR: In compliance with a communication from headquarters Department of the Gulf, dated Alexandria, the 28th instant, I have the honor to report the arrival of the following troops belonging to this division:

Second Brigade, Colonel E. L. Molineux commanding: One hundred and fifty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers, First regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Thirteenth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, three companies Ninetieth Regiment New York Volunteers. Third Brigade, Colonel Sharpe, One hundred and fifty-sixth New York Volunteers, One hundred and twenty-eight Battalion New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventh-fifth Battalion New York Volunteers, Twenty-sixth New York Battery, Battery C Second U. S. Artillery; eight companies Third Maryland Cavalry, attached.

I have the honor to report also the Third Brigade and Battery C, Second U. S. Artillery, were here previous to my arrival. My brigade and Twenty-sixth new York Battery arrived here yesterday and I reported to Major-General Franklin immediately upon landing.

The One hundred and thirty-first Regiment New York Volunteers and five companies of the Ninetieth New York Volunteers, belonging to my brigade, were, by orders from brigadier-General Grover, left in La Fourche District.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD L. MOLINEUX,

Colonel 159th New York Volunteers, Commanding.

DONALDSONVILLE, March 29, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel R. B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, New Orleans, La.:

The companies of First Louisiana and Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers that were left here are now embarking. I have no mounted men for patrols or outpost duty, my force at the fort being barely sufficient to mount guard and relieve on the works; consequently any disorders that may occur in the district are beyond my remedy. I do not consider it safe to leave this district in this present unprotected state. Cannot there be more force sent to this post?

Respectfully,

N. SHAURMAN,

Colonel, Commanding.

