SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 71. Pass Cavallo, tex., March 29, 1864.

* * * * *

II. 1. Major J. J. Comstock, Jr., Fourteenth Rhode Island Heavy Artillery, in addition to the command of Fort Esperanza, will assume command of the center battery and the left battery on McHenry's Bayou. He will cause, as soon as the engineers have completed these works, the two Dahlgren boat howitzers to be mounted upon the platforms of the center battery, and two of the rifled field guns, now at the ordnance depot, to be mounted upon the platforms of the left battery. A sufficient supply of ammunition for the Dahlgren howitzers must be stored in the magazine of the center battery; the ammunition for the fields guns in the left battery may be kept in the limber boxes and caissons, which should be suitably placed in the rear of the battery.

2. One company of the Fourteenth Rhode island Heavy Artillery will be detailed for the purpose of serving the guns and guarding the armament of these two works. This company must be encamped between and in the rear of the works.

3. Colonel John C. Cobb, second Engineers, Corps d'Afrique, will cause the platforms in these batteries to be prepared for the reception of the artillery designated for then, and when such preparation hall have been made, will hasten to report the fact.

* * * * *

By command of Major General John A. McClernand:

SAMUEL CALDWELL,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 29, 1864.

Major A. C. MATTHEWS,

Commanding Cavalry and Couriers, Matagorda Island, Tex.:

MAJOR: I am informed that there are three or four torpedoes in the State Channel at Oyster Reef. If it can be done safety, you will have them taken up and reset is such a position, different if possible from the farmer, as will most effectually retard the crossing of the enemy. Great care must and no risks incurred of further injury to your men. If this cannot be done you will have them destroyed.

JOHN A. McCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Pass Cavallo, Tex., March 29, 1864.

Captain B. WILSON.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report, for the information of the major-general commanding, relative to work on fortifications: On Monday, 28th instant, four regiments from the First Brigade were employed on exterior line, working 875 men. The Second Brigade did not work to-day; the wind was too high to

