
allow them to work to advantage, and no sodding could possibly be done. On the 29th instant four regiments (785 men) from the First Brigade is now complete, with the exsection of making the revetments.

Four regiments from second Brigade were engaged to-day on left of exterior line, working 915 mn. It will take the second Brigade nearly one day to have their portion of the line ready for sodding. This is owing to the fact that the sand or soil is lighter at this end of the this line than at the other, and is more subject to the action of the winds. The Thirty-fourth Iowa Infantry and six companies of the Eighteenth Indiana Volunteers were engaged sodding. On interior line, 231 men from the Second Engineers on 28th instant and 230 on 29th. Ninety-six men were engaged on the works at Fort Esperanza on the 28th, and same number on 29th.

What with high winds, scarcity of timber, and want of teams, the progress of the work has been considerably delayed for the past two days. I would respectfully request that Lieutenant Sheeks, acting assistant quartermaster, be instructed to turn over to me what wood (perhaps 1 cord) he may have on hand suitable for pickets, for sodding; also that Captain Patterson turn over what plank and scantling he has suitable for platform, to make entrance ways to bombproof and for pin timber.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. COBB,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Pass Cavallo, Terx., March 29, 1864.

Captain B. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to orders I have caused the ditch of the rebel line of rifle-pits to be filled sufficiently to prevent the action of the winds from forming a permanted bayou at this point. The interval between the converging ranges of sand hills south of Fort Esperanza has been so connected as to prevent the formation of a bayou in this vicinity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. COBB,

Colonel and Chief Engineer.
HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., March 29, 1964.

Major G. F. STEELE:

GENERAL: Your letter by Lieutenant Litherland was received last night. i am rejoiced to know that you are progressing so finely, and do sincerely hope that success may attend you. I have nothing of interest to communicate as to the enemy. McRae is reported to be concentrating his band of roberts at or near Augusta, with a view to a raid on the railroad, &amp;c. I have heard nothing from Fort Smith, Fayetteville, of Batesville. I have a paper from General buford, at Helena, addressed to you and referred by Major Green to me. The general is very urgent in his call for re-enforcements. I can send him none. I have mounted 100 men on mules, which gives me

