
near 175 mounted men. I have the different detachments left here pretty well organized. I have, through Colonel Andrews, forbidden the sale of ardent spirits as a beverage, and I find good resulting.

The only difficulty I have is in militia jurisdiction. I presumed from your General Porders, Numbers 14, that I was placed in command. Upon that authority and presumption I assumed command, but i find my authority set aside by the provost-marshal-general, and by Major Green, assistant adjutant-general. If these officers of your staff are authorize to order me, or to issue orders conflicting with, and rendering imperative, my orders, your General orders, Numbers 14, is a nullity. I cannot govern the troops under my command nor regulate the police of the district. I shall not assume any authority inconsistent with duty and general orders and the regulations of the Army, but find that Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, provost-marshal-general, does interfere.

The only objection I find to the course of Major Green is the ordering the release of certain citizens who were arrested by the provost guards last night. These citizens were arrested by the officer of the guard while in the legitimate discharge of his duties. They were released by order of Major General F. Steele, whom I know to have been some 60 miles away and unacquainted with the facts, and they were released without the knowledge of any of the militia authorities here. I think Major Green acted without a proper consideration of the powers vested in him. I admire the major and believe him to be a faithful officer, but I do not believe that he acted properly in this case, as the local militia authorities should alone have had cognizance, subject to your action after a full knowledge of the case. if, general, this is to be continued, I would most respectfully ask to be relieved from duty in this command. I desire only to do my duty to you, to the Government, and to these people.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NATHAN KIMBALL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH A. C., DEPT. OF ARK., Numbers 2. Little Rock, Ark., March 29, 1864.

I. Captain Julius L. Hadley, Twenty-fifth Ohio Battery, is assigned to the command of Fort Steele, and will occupy the ford t with his command.

II. First Lieutenant F. E. Armstrong, Eleventh Ohio Battery, is relieved from duty at Fort Steele, and will report with the men of his command at the camp of his battery for duty.

By order Brigadier General N. Kimball:

E. D. MASON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DISTRICT OF NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS,

Batesville, Ark., March 29, 1864.

Brigadier General D. McREA,

Commanding C. S. Forces:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of 25th instant, conveyed to me under flag of truce peer hands of Colonel Rogan. The testimony I have concerning the 4

