
age-caps, to be worn in all scouts, escort, &amp;c., as a designation of their character. I respectfully ask that they may be furnished. As that are not regulation standard, I desire an order to cover the case. I should have stated in the proper connection that when Shelby made his raid last fall he had an advance guard of about 200 men, all dressed in our inform, and in many cases deceived out troops and the people.

I am, truly, yours,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louise, April 8, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Brigadier-General Brown, commanding Central District of Missouri.

The general commanding is of the opinion that furnishing caps of this pattern would be but a temporary expedient in the way of obviating the evil complained of, as the bushwhackers could soon obtain the same caps; besides, our men furnished with sky-blue caps might commit the fatal mistake of taking another scouring party, with the regulation cap, for bushwhackers. The general thinks some badge might better be adopted and understood throughout the district, as also in General Sunburn's district. A badge on the cap or breast of the coat, of conspicuous colors, and which could be charged by order, from time to time, to meet the necessity of the case, would do away with the desirableness of introducing in irregular uniform.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

FRANK ENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI.

Warrensburg, Mo., March 29, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,Commanding First Sub-District, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to state that information has been received at these headquarters to the effect that negro soldier on furlough from Saint Louis, with the assistance of squads of men belonging to the command stationed at Boonville, have repeatedly crossed into Howard Country, and seizing upon wagons and teams, have loaded the same with furniture, tobacco,and such other property as they desired, and bringing with them their wives and children, recrossed to this side.

The commanding officer at Boonville is said to rather encourage this unlawful proceeding, as he is charged with leaving it optional with the men of his command whether they shall accompany the negroes in their raids or not. Three such raids are said to have occurred during the first week of this month. The general commanding directs that you ascertain the facts and reported with as little delay as possible.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

