HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., Much 29, 1864.

Dr. A. JONES,

Deepwater Post-Office, Henry Country, Mo.:

SIR: Your communication of blank date, postmarked march 25 has been received, ad in reply I have the honor to say that the organizations under General Orders, No 12, are so far military any as may be necessary for the local police of the vicinity of their organization. they are citizen's guard. In case of action, such as capturing prisoners or taking life, reports will be made to sub-district commanders. As soon as organized they will be received into service without pay, by orders legalize their acts. They are intended to be home guards, and a citizens' armed posse comitatus to assist in the enforcement of the law under civil officers, and in the protection of the property and lives of each other.

Under this organization they will in no case be ordered from their immediate precincts. It in intended for the present that each member, in person of by subsisted, will be on duty three days in each month; that is, one-tenth will be detailed for three day's service, whose it shall be to patrol the country night and day, and see that no improper persons are prowling round, and, if necessary, give the alarm so as to put all on their guard and under arms. organizations of this character are made all over the district,and if any portion of it fails to do so that spot will be the harbor for thieves and robbers. I expect before the leaves are out that the whole country will be prepared for its own defense.

I am, truly, yours,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., March 29, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, saint Louise, Mo.:

A battalion or regiment more of cavalry in this district could be used to great advantage to the State and Government, a portion in Fulton and Lawrence Counties, Ark., from whence most of the guerrillas that infest Rolla District operate, and a portion in Washington Country, Ark. Since General Thayer has withdrawn so many troops, if there are any troops in the department not needed where they now are, I respectfully request that the same be transferred to this district.

JOHN B. SUNBURN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

MACON, MO., March 29, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

With the permission of the major-general commanding, I would like to see him personally in regard to the new command to which I am assigned, before leaving here. I can go down to-morrow and return on the following day.

O. GUITAR,

Brigadier-General.

