
only inside the pickets. Two of them wear army uniforms and are citizens. You can decide whether the gentleman have a right to wear uniform and go where they please. I thought it right to send them to headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID D. PORTER,

Rear-Admiral.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: A few guerrillas have appeared upon the north bank of Red River the Black. The commanding general directs that boats be provided with a small guard, in going and coming from this point to New Orleans. The necessary arrangements he desires you to make for all boats leaving New Orleans for Alexandria.

I am, colonel, sincerely, you obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, March 30, 1864.

Captain D. n. WELCH,

Assistant Quartermaster:

CAPTAIN: The commanding general directs that the steamer Jenie Redgers, commissary boat, proceed at once to cross the rapids and join the fleet of General Smith's command. She will follow the movements of this fleet until it can report to Colonel Woodruff, chief commissary of General Franklin's command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., March 30, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: i am preparing for the field the Second Brigade of the First Division Corps d'Afrique, the First Brigade of that division being already in the field. I will do the best I can under the circumstances with respect to the colonel to command the brigade. As this will place General Ullmann's division in the field I suppose it is intended that he should command it. I respectfully ask whether this is desired. Nothing of importance to report with respect to movement of the enemy here. We take,now and then, some prisoners. The telegraph line is above Morganza, going on well.

Respectfully, you obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

