
24th instant, in regard to the attack upon a wood party the Twentieth Iowa Volunteers at Corpus Christi, and to say that it is entirely satisfactory to him.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. DRAKE,

Assistanbt Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,Alexandria, La., March 30, 1864.

Major General JO A. McCLERNAND,

Commanding Thirteenth Army Corps, Pass Cavallo:

GENERAL: Your letter of March 23, instant, is this day received, and has been submitted to the major-general commanding, who expresses his gratification at the generally satisfactory condition of affairs in your vicinity. The absence of a portion of Magruder's force from Texas certainly affords a good opportunity for the movements you suggest had the commanding general disposable troops at his command but as the force you require(cavalry) is the same which has attacked the movement of Green's command in this direction, it is impossible at this time to withdraw it and send it to you.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED PICKETS,Cedar Bayou, Tex., March 30, 1864.

Captain CALDWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: The enemy showed three companies of cavalry yesterday about 1 o'clock p. m. opposite Oyster Reef. They evinced no disposition to cross, and seemed to be going up the bay. By the explosion of the torpedo yesterday I had 2 horses wounded. The names of the men wounded were H. J. Curtis, Company C, Ninetyninth Illinois, and Sergt. Thomas P. Cleveland.

I have the honor to be, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. MATTHEWS,

Major, Commanidng.
HEADQUARTERS MOUNTED PICKETS,Cedar Bayou, Tex., march 30, 1864.

Captain CALDWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I beg leave respectfully to make the following statement to the major-general commanding: I think it would be impossible to make, with the small force I have, much resistance to the passage of the enemy at the mouth of Cedar bayou, should he attempt to cross. The sand-hills or bluffs on the Saint Joseph se of the bayou are very high, and come up to the water's edge, so that sharpshooters

* See Part I, p. 653.

