
the expedition of which you have received particular instruction from him. Colonel W. F. Geiger, commanding Eight Missouri Cavalry and post at Devall's Bluff, is directed to furnish you with a force of cavalry, say, 50 to 100, upon your application to him for them.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., March 30, 1864.

Colonel GEIGER,

Commanding Post Devall's Bluff:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you scout the country northwesterly of your post, on the west side of the White River, thoroughly; that you carefully guard against any raids against the railroad and against surprise of your post by guerrillas. McRae is said to be concentrating for this purpose near August, and the utmost vigilance on your part is expected.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., March 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FULLER,

Third Arkansas Cavalry, Commanding Post Lewisburg:

The general commanding directs that you thoroughly scout the country toward Searcy and northerly and northeasterly from your post, and that you use the utmost vigilance in guarding the telegraph line from destruction by guerrilla raids, and the greatest promptness in affording every facility in your power for its repair when broken. You will arrest every person found outside of his camp, if it Federal uniform, and cause him to account to you satisfactory for his absence. You will arrest all suspicious persons.

The general desires you to inform him as soon as practicable, by telegraph or otherwise, if Major Van Houten is with you, that he may be assigned to the command of the post of Dardanelle.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, ARK., March 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel H. L. MOORE,

Fourth Arkansas Cavalry, comdg. Post:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you proceed without delay to Dardanelle, Ark., and assume command of the troops at that post. You will scout the country northerly from the Arkansas River, near that post, as thoroughly as is practicable, and use all vigilance in guarding against the raids of guerrillas upon your command and the telegraph line. You will afford every assistance in

50 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

