
your power in rearing the line when it is down. You will strictly forbid the sale, or giving to soldier in your command, and intoxicating drinks, and will arrest and hold in confinement all persons who may disobey your orders in this respect, and will close up the store, distillery, or shops where such liquors are vended or given away. You will report to these headquarters, as often as practicable, such information as you may possess of interest to Government and to the people of the country.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., March 30,. 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel HOMER THRALL,

Commanding Twenty-Second Ohio Infantry:

The general commanding directs that you withdrawn the troops of your command from Austin; that you keep a proper force at Brownsville, and that you use the utmost vigilance in guarding the railroad and telegraph lines in your charge against raids from guerrillas. Colonel Geiger has been ordered to scout the country northwesterly from Devall's Bluff.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Brownsville, Ark., March 30, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Your ordered in regard to the detachment at Austin and the protection of the railroad has been received, and will be complied with to the best of my ability. Each of the posts occupied by the Twenty-second Ohio is now, or soon will be, protected by a stockade or block-house. I deem it my duty to report that the brigade across Ink Bayou, between Bayou Meto and Little Rock, is not guarded. I have never received to guard it. I think not safe without a guard.

Respectfully,

HOMER THRALL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-Second Ohio Vol. Infantry.
HDQRS. DETACH. 7TH ARMY CORPS, DEPT. OF ARK.,Little Rock, Ark., March 30, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel HOMER THRALL,

Commanding Twenty-second Ohio Vols., Brownsville, Ark.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that you send one company, or such force as you may deem proper, to In Bayou, to guard the railroad and bridge at that point.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

