HEADQUARTERS NINTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT,Saint Charles, Mo., March 30, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS:

DEAR SIR: I ask leave to direst your attention to the following extract from a letter just received from my deputy provost-marshal in Boone Country:

Rebels are constantly crossing the river (the Missouri) as different places, a few at a time. There is no doubt we are to have more trouble here. The people (rebels) are freshly exasperated at the negro enlistment and enrollment orders, and of course will do less now than toward keeping down bushwhackers. Ought we not to have more troops sent here in time to keep peace with the rebels? It will be too late to send them after rebels have perpetrated all the villainies they may have in prospect. This matter needs consideration. Let in be attended to in time.

Intelligence from other quarters confirms this view of the subject.

Small bands of thieves and bushwhackers infest the country, plundering houses and stores, stealing horses, and committing other outrages, while armed rebels, no doubt from Price's army, cross from the south to the north side of the river. This they have done in Boone on several occasions recently. What significance there may be in these movements you have the means of judging. I beg to submit, however, whether it would not be well, in view of these and other rebel demonstrations in the State and out of it, and the raid approach of the bushwhacking season, that about one company of cavalry be stationed at Columbia, with instructions to scout extensively in Boone and Callaway, and give some of these rebels their rights? I am sure, too, that the order of which you spoke on Saturday, gotten up as you always get up and execute orders, would do much good.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

WM. F. SWITZLER.

Provost-Marshal Ninth District of Missouri.

CAPE Girardeau, MO., March 30, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT:

Refugees from Arkansas report that Kitchen has concentrated from 1,500 to 2,000 man at and near Jacksonport, for an attack on Batesville or a raid north.

But few guerrillas left on the border.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Wattensburg, Mo., March 30, 1864.

His Excellency WILLARD P. HALL,

Governor of Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GOVERNOR: I have the honor to inclose to you an order directing the citizens to organize citizen guards for local police. The duty will be performed without pay. The order gives general satisfaction to honest men; the rogues do not like it. I respectfully ask that

