
I may be permitted to arm some of the citizens who have none from the arms of the State. The captions or leaders of the several companies will make requisitions and receipts for them. The men who are elected and who will be recognized as captains will be good, responsible parties. None other will be received into service. This part of the State is very quiet.

More ground will be tilled this season that has been done since the war began.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 19. Warrensburg, Mo., March 30, 1864.

I. organization of citizens,as directed in General Orders, Numbers 12, current series, from these headquarters, will be known as Citizen Guards.

II. Immediately upon the organization of a company and the election of officers, the commander therefore will report by letter to the commanding officer of the sub-district in which the company is organized, in order the organization and election of officers may be confirmed.

III. The reports will state number and kind of arms then in the possession of the company, and will be accompanied by requisitions for sufficient arms and ammunition to supple those who require them.

IV. All members of the Citizens Guards will be furnished by the district provost-marshal, on the approval of the sub-district commander, with premise allowing them to keep at their residence the requisite arms and ammunition.

V. As the organization is intended simply as a citizen patrol, for the protection of themselves and their homes, no claim against the Government can arise from service rendered.

VI. It is earnestly enjoined upon all officers charged with the organization of this force to admit of no person of doubtful loyalty or honesty becoming a member thereof.

by ordered of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WARRENSBURG, Much 30, 1864.

Colonel JOHN F. PHILLIPS,

Commanding Second Sub-District:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to state that information has been received at these headquarters to the effect that on the 14th instant a detachment of Captain Wilson's company, under command of a sergeant, entered Cambridge, Mo., and at the instigation of some one or more citizens took prisoners two citizen of duty place, whom they after hung, for the purpose, as stated by the soldier, of eliciting sa confession at to their connection with a robbery that had been perpetrated a day or two previous. The general

