
Washington I observed that General Mitchell was importuning the Secretary of War and the Indian Department to be assigned to this command. The latter you refer to from the honorable Secretary of the Interior is doubtless the result of his (General Mitchell's) efforts, and the reason assigned for the preference was the best that could be found.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

[Inclosures.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Ke-too-wah, Cherokee Nation, October 21, 1863.

Major General J. G. BLUNT:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit to you the accompanying resolutions of the national council of this nation, in which I do most sincerely concur. They are intended, general, as an expression to yourself and to the country of the height appreciation on our part of your invaluable servies. We fondly cherish the hope that you may again soon return to our country, with ample forces to drive our common enemy entirely from our borders, and coupled him to return to allegiance to that Government against which he has so perfidiously rebelled. May the smiles of a kind Providence rest upon you, and may the God of the armies of Israel guide you by his counsels and crown your armies with victory, nad grant unto you that wisdom and spirit which shall soon restore to our nations and the country at large a permanent peace and prosperity which shall rest on a foundation a righteousness and justice.

I have the honor to be, general, with sentiments of great respect, your obedient servant,

SMITH CHRISTIE,

Acting Principal Chief, Cheroke Nation.

Resolved by the National Committed and Council in National Council conversed, That the thanks of the Cherokee Nation are due, and are hereby rendered, to Major General James G. Blunt, commanding the Army of the Frontier, for his valuable servies in driving from our borders the enemies of the Cherokee people and the traitors to the Cherokee National Government.

Resolved, That we recognize in General Blunt a warrior whose name has become a terror to the enemies of his country, whose bravery as a soldier and superior skill as a military commanders is undisputed by those of us who have stood by his side on the field of battle, and have followed him in charge on the enemy's line.

Resolved, That we regard the many brilliant victories of General Blunt and the uniform success which has crowned his efforts of General Blunt and the uniform success which has crowned his efforts to drive the rebels before him as the highest and most satisfactory evidence of his militia genius, especially when we consider how small and inadequate were the forces at his command with which the brilliant victories and grand successes have been achieved. Fort Wayne, Came Hill, Prairie Grove, and Honey Springs, together with many other fields of less not, are the witnesses which testify to his merit. resolved, That we regard the policy marked out by General Blunt, in the unyielding energy with which he has persisted in holding this advanced position, and his zeal to drive the enemy still

