
farther south, as the only true policy for the successful prosecution of the war and the speedy conquest of a permanent peace. We regard general who pushed the war into the enemy's county and permanently drives the rebels from the soil of a loyal people as the true peacemaker and benefactor of the land.

Resolved, That copies of the foregoing resolutions be furnished to the New York Tribune, Forney's Philadelphia Press, the Missouri democrat, and the Leavenworth Conservative, and that the editors of these papers be requested to publish the same.

Ke-too-wah, Cherokee Nation, october 20, 1863.

JAMES VANN,

President pro tempore of Nation Committee.

J. B. JONES,

Clerk of Nation Committee.

Concurred:

TAR-LAR-LAR,

Speaker of the Council.

ALLEN ROSS,

Clerk of the Council.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER,Fort Smith, Ark., March 30, 1864.

Major General S. R. CURTIS,

Commanding Department of Kansas:

GENERAL: For your information I have the honor to inform you that the Indian Territory within our lines is unusually quiet and undisturbed. The Second Regiments Indian Home Guards is at Mackey's Salt-Works, with instructions to report directly to these headquarters. I found it necessary to detach them from Colonel Phillips' command, as Colonel Ritchie was the ranking officer and it was not expedition that they should operate together. The First and Third Regiments are at or near Fort Gibson. I intend ordering Major Foreman with a part of the Third Regiment to Scullyville, Choctaw Natrion, to serve as an outpost to this place. Three companies of the Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry are under my command; one of them I have ordered to Foirt Gibson to do mounted service; the other two companies, five companies of the Eleventh Cavalry; two section of the second Kansas Battery, and Company A, Second Kansas Cavalry, are here; these comprise all the troops under my command.

I have directed Colonel Phillips to postpone operations upon the fortifications at Fort Gibson I could send an engineer to superintend the work. Captain Gerster will soon complete the works here when I will send him to Ford Gibson and to Mackey's salt-works to examine and report what is necessary to be done there. I shall make a visit to Fort Gibson myself as soon as a n opportunity offers. In the condition that matters have here of late I did not deem it prudent to leave this place. Since my arrival here the Indian troops have been supplied with quartermaster and commissary stores, and are in tolerably goon condition.

I am making every effort to get in as much corn as possible while the roads are good. It has to be procured 40 and 50 miles down the river. Transportation has been considerably by turning over to General Thayer seventy-five wagons and teams for his command

