
mand to move, and also furnishing mules for their regimental transportation; consequently we have a great many wagons without teams. Near 500 mules will be required to hitch up all the wagons. In consequence of the urgent necessity for transportation for getting forage and supplies, I directed Captain Durbing to purchase what mules he can, at a price not to exceed an average of $175 per head, for complete teams of wheel, swing, and lead mules. This is less then the price paid for them at Leavenworth, and as little as they can be brought for, as people will take them north sale unless they can obtain something near the same price here. captain Durbin this he can purchase near 200 head. The remainder will have to be furnished from Leavenworth of Fort Scott. Battery horses are also needed for the four guns of Second Battery. He will probably be able to purchase enough here to move the guns in case of an emergency. A complete inspection of all the troops and Government property in the district is being made, and will be forwarded with as little delay as possible.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. G. BLUNT,

Major-General.

PAOLA, March 30, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hoyt, Olathe, Kans.:

The general directs me to say that he wants Company M, Fifth Kansas, at Trading Post because it is a good company to be by itself, and it will leave more of your own regiment with you.

GEO. S. HAMPTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE NORTHWEST,Milwaukee, Wis., March 30, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I send you to-day an extract from a letter just received from General Sibley, with an indorsement thereon. In addition thereto I desire to in time your attention to a few points in relation to affairs in Minnesota, which are doubles familiar t you in relations to the state of affairs everywhere on the frontier. The efforts now being made to have troops sent South from Minnesota are made, first by person connected with our unfortunate Indian system, agents, Indian traders, whisky seller, contractions, &amp;c. Every one of these person desires to perpetuate Indian hostilities and the resulting Indian treaties, involving the payment by Government of large sums of money and the purchase an transportation of quantities of goods. When the Indian war is really ended by driving the Indians entirely beyond reach of the settlements of Minnesota the business of such people is brought to an end. They therefore do not desire to get rid of the Indians, nor do they favor any maecenas which will bring their connection with the Indians to an end. The military operations in this department during the coming season promise to separate the Indians entirely from any communication with Minesota, and to place them far beyond reach of the people of that State. Hence the persons I have mentioned are opposed to the operations which promise so complete a success, and

