
of La Fourche. Dispatches received from the commanding officers at Donaldsonville show that he is not advised in this matter. The same officer reports that " the companies of First Louisiana Volunteers and Thirteenth Connecticut Volunteers were embarking for Alexandria (on 29th), one by order of general Grover, the other by order of General Banks," and further that his command, as reduced, amounts to but " 4 company officers and 57 enlisted men for duty," which is insufficient for ordinary picket duty. Early attention will he appreciated.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Lieutenant POOLE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

Answer as below:

One hundred and thirty-first New York, Brashear.

Twenty-fifty, Corps d'Afrique, Brashear.

One company, Third Maryland, Thibodeaux.

Two companies, Ninetieth New York, Donaldsonville.

One company, Bayou Boeuf.

One company, Tigerville.

One company, La fourche.

[R. B. I.]
HEADQUARTERS,Baton Rouge, La., March 31, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel R. b. IRWIN,

Asst. Adjt. General New Orleans, La.:

Colonel Babcocks reports 300 sabers and 90 carbines in store. Please order carbines and 200 sabers and belts and 400 carbine slings and swivels to be sent immediately. I have men without arms in presence of threatening enemy, and have tries every means to remedy it. I should have many more carbines.

P. ST. GEO. COOKE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Port Hudson, La., March 31, 1864.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I would respectfully ask the attention of the commanding general to the following subject: Many of the colored soldier have saved a portion of their pay, for which they have no present use, and desire to have some safe place in which to deposit their savings. There is considerable stealing and more swindling going on among them, and it appears to me highly desirable on every account that some provision should be made for the encouragement and safe deposit of their saving. The allotment system appears to me clumsy

