
and inapplicable in the present case. I would suggest a savings bank, an officers of which to accompany the paymaster and receive such moneys as the colored soldiers may wish to deposit.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN WESTERN LOUISIANA,Ferry above Cloutierville, march 31, 1864-8 p. m.

Brigadier General A. L. LEE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have received your dispatch of to-day and congratulate you on getting to Natchitoches first. I have directed Cameron's division to report to you as early as possible to-morrow, but do not move it from town, unless in case of great emergency. Robinson will probably reach you early to-morrow. The information that he gained coincides very nearly with that you communicate with reference to Pleasant Hill. I shall stay to-morrow to close up. Communicate with me to-morrow.

Respectfully,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., March 31, 1864.

Brigadier General CUVIER GROVER,

Alexandria, La.:

GENERAL: Assuming command at Alexandria, your attention is directed to the following instructions:

First. It is probable that this will be a permanent post, and be garrisoned by such troops as can be spared for that purpose. Fortifications will be required, and all the available labor that can be obtained should be applied to their immediate construction.

Second. For some time it must remain strictly a military post; the lines must be of limited extent, and the general rule established that no persons are to in or out. This will be necessary to protect it from the movements of the enemy, who will be certain to attack if he finds it within his power. Negroes should be admitted deserters from their army, such people transportation to New Orleans, and such other people as in your discretion you think if for the interests of the Government to admit. Such cases must be made exceptions to the general rule.

Third. I have notified the supervising agent of the Trasury that for the present, and until the country more permanently settled, no trade stores can be established and no trade allowed. If accumulations of supplies are admitted here, it enables the enemy to make an attack and affords great temptation to incur the risk. It ought not to be allowed under any circumstances whatever. Strict order will be given at New Orleans to allow no supplies to come here until further orders.

In order to prevent the transportation of cotton belonging to the rebel Government-of which there is a large quality in this country, to Liverpool or their markets for the Government of men in arms it becomes necessary that the products of the country

