
should be shipped to New orleans under the direction of the officers of the Government. The quartermaster will be charged with that duty. He will use such means as are at his disposal for that purpose, public or private. Vouchers will be given to all persons for the property thus from them, and compensation will be made by the Government as soon as possible to all loyal persons for property so taken. The object is to remove all the products of the country from this section which may under any circumstances enable the rebels, should they return, or their sympathizers who may remain, to aid the rebellion against the government. This should be executed thoroughly and with as little delay as possible.

The oath of allegiance having been generally taken by the mass of the people in this country voluntarily, and no doubt with honest intention to the Government of the United States, it will become necessary that the leading families who have been strongly identified with section should be placed in the same position with other citizens of this part of the country. As soon as their names can be obtained from Governor Wells, or other reliable friends of the Union, they should be required to take the oath of allegiance, by which is meant the amnesty oath, or to remove within the lines of the rebel army.

It cannot by determined at present whether plantations can be extensively cultivated with safety. The termination of the campaign alone will enable us to determine this. Until then it is unwise to encourage any attempts at cultivation, or to establish any system of labor, such as prevails in other portions of the department. At present everything must be directed to one single point-that of maintain military possession of this part of the Red River country. All public and private interests must be made to yield to this purpose.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

DEVALL'S BLUFF, ARK., March 31, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Arrived here at 4 o'clock; will soon be off.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Colonel.

DEVALL'S BLUF, ARK, March 31, 1864.

Captain E. D. MASON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Left on steamer Dove 6.15 o'clock. Had to wait for cavalry.

C. C. ANDREWS,

Colonel.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE FRONTIER, Numbers 13. Fort Smith, Ark., March 31, 1864.

I. Major John A. Foreman will proceed with as little delay as possible with Companies A, C, D, E, H, and K, and the Third Regiment

