
4. The Fourth Sub-District will consist of the counties of Jackson, Cass, Bates, and the northern part of Vernon; headquarters at Kansas City, Mo.; Colonel J. H. Ford, Second Cavalry, Colorado Volunteers, commanding.

III. Commanding officers of sub-districts will so station their troops as to afford the greatest possible security to the property of the Government and the lives and property of the citizens within their respective commands, promptly reporting to these headquarters all changes of the station of troops that they may deem necessary therefor.

IV. All persons desirous of so doing, and who are disposed to exert themselves in sustaining the Government of the United States and thereby protect themselves and their homes, are hereby invited to reside within this district. Passports enabling them to do so [blank form for which will be furnished by the assistant provost-marshal of the District of Central Missouri] will be given by the assistant provost-marshal, subject to the approval of the sub-district commanders, by whom special care will be taken that disloyal or unworthy persons are not furnished therewith.

By order of Brigadier-General Brown:

J. H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTH CAV., MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Houston, January 14, 1864.

[Captain JULIUS LOVELL,Assistant Adjutant-General:]

CAPTAIN: The spy sent out from this post on the 5th instant, to ascertain the strength and position of the rebel force said to be organizing on the border, returned yesterday and reports that he was in the camp of Colonel Love, at Sylamore, Ark., on the 11th instant. Colonel Love had a force of about 125 men. While there he learned that the rebel force consisted of about 600 men, 400 under Colonel Crandall, encamped 20 miles north from Sylamore and 100 under Love and 100 under Coleman. Colonel Coleman's force has been organized for the purpose of destroying trains between Rolla and Springfield. Operations will commence as soon, as the weather will permit. This information I think perfectly reliable, as the person sent out is well known to me as a man of veracity. His information in regard to numbers may be somewhat exaggerated, but in the main I think it perfectly reliable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHARD MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 14, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Two squadrons of the Fifth Kansas Cavalry have been in Dallas County, at Urbana, for some time, and the citizens are complaining much in regard to the manner of their taking forage and other things. There is no acting quartermaster with them, and hence

