
The inquiry made in regard to negro women and children, how they are to be carried for, is but the repetition of such inquiry by every mail, and from all parts of the department. Some general policy will of necessity have to be adopted.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Provost-Marshal-General.

LEXINGTON, MA., March 31, 1864.

Major-General ROSECRANS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Is the order of the War Department removing restrictions on trade in Missouri in force? Is Brigadier-General Brown authorized to seize all whisky and brandy that belongs to merchants, as he has done this day, and turn it over to the quartermaster? Your attention is called to a petition of the merchants of Saint Louis concerning General Brown's Orders, Numbers 1, dated January 23, 1864.

CHAS. B. SCOTT.

JOHN T. ENCHBURG.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 31, 1864.

CHARLES B. SCOTT and JOHN T. ENCHBURG.

Lexington, Mo.:

The State of Missouri is under martial law and the orders of military commanders are law. General Brown's order prohibiting trade in liquor within the limits of his district is supreme law until revoked by higher militia authority. This while matter has received the careful attention of the commanding general, and he is reluctantly forced to the opinion that the best interests of the department require the enforcement of General Brown's order in his district. Many of the most respectable merchants in all parts of Missouri have united in petitioning for the revocation of orders on this subject, but the present it cannot be done.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE CHIEF OF SCOUTS,

Rolla, Mo., March 31, 1864.

Colonel ALBERT SIGEL,

Commanding District of Rolla:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report herewith the persons who are employed as scouts in the district during the present month of march, 1864:

First. On the 4th day of March, T. L. Hand and B. R. Moore were ordered out on a scout and to report to Major Fisher, commanding at Waynesville, Mo., from time to time. These men have made several scouts during the month, a report of which has been handed to the colonel commanding on the 30th instant. One important fact in the report which has been handed in is the established fact of

