
clamor against it have some ulterior object in most cases. It is just what you want to protect you from the house-burners, &amp; c., that you refer to. I hope, my old friend, to hear that you are made the leader of a citizen guard, and that with the troops' assistance you will fully protect yourselves without any apprehension of danger, and without preventing any citizens in Hickory County from raising their "craps" or attending to their ordinary business.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

E. B. BROWN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., March 31, 1864.

Colonel GEORGE H. HALL,

Commanding First Sub-District, Jefferson City, Mo.:

COLONEL: The general commanding requests that you will inquire and report if there is a necessity for posting troops in Boonville, and, if so, that you will have it done. He also directs that, in consequence of the deleterious influence of some of the citizens of that place heretofore on the troops that have been stationed there, if you find it necessary to comply with this suggestion that special care shall be taken to secure a company well commanded, and that they be camped outside of the town.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Warrensburg, Mo., March 31, 1864.

Colonel JAMES MCFERRAN,

Commanding Third Sub-District, Warrensburg, Mo.:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs me to acknowledge the receipt of a petition signed by J. N. Hughes and 32 other citizens of Henry County, asking that they may be transferred from a company organized on the 19th instant to one formed on the 25th at Calhoun, alleging as a reason for its being done that many of the men in the first-named company are notoriously rebel characters. The commanding general is greatly surprised that this statement should be made, when ke knows that the list of names, numbering 103 men, was submitted to a highly intelligent loyal citizen, who knew all the parties and their proclivities, by the name of Dr. W. S. Holland, who indorsed all but 8 of the names on the list as being "reliable, honest men, who would assist in the protection and defense of the Government of the United States," and these 8 men were excluded from the company in accepting the organization, by orders which excluded these objectionable parties.

The commanding general is of the opinion that this petition must have been signed without a knowledge of this action, and refers it back to the parties in the hope that with a full understanding of the facts in the case, the different opinions may be harmonized so as to produce an united effort for the peace and quiet of the country. The commanding general is fully advised that there is an effort being made by the thieves and robbers in the country to prevent any

