
and all efforts of the people that will have the effect of restoring law and order, and he does not see any mode of preventing it; but he is confident in the opinion that no good man will join in this wicked crusade to continue the horrible effects of this damnable rebellion from a mistaken sense of duty, and thus become the tools of designing bad men. The object of the organization will be accomplished if the citizens act harmoniously for the purpose, and by these means life and property will become safe under a just administration of the civil law by its proper officers.

You will please communicate the views of the general commanding to the petitioners.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 31, 1864.

Colonel JAMES H. FORD,

Commanding Fourth Sub-Dist., Dist. of Central Mo.:

COLONEL: I am directed by General Curtis to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of March 26, relative to Kansas troops coming within your lines without proper passes or orders, and to say that he desires you to exercise your own discretion in the matter. If they are evidently there improperly, without good cause or necessity, he requests that they be arrested and returned to this department. Furloughs or orders from these headquarters are the only proper authority for troops belonging in this department being in Missouri. He is willing that Sergeant Williams should remain there a few days.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. CURTIS,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. FOURTH SUB-DIST., DIST. OF CENTRAL MO.,Kansas City, Mo., March 31, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In obedience to orders received yesterday from Brigadier-General Brown, the following stations were ordered to be reoccupied by the cavalry withdrawn a short time since to Harrisonville: To Pleasant Gap, part of one squadron; to Morristown, the rest of the same squadron; to Blue Springs, one squadron; to Grand River, one squadron.

It will be extremely difficult for me to keep the horses of the cavalry in good order in Bates County; there is neither hay nor grain to be had there, and it will have to be brought from a good distance to the station in that county. In addition to this, by having so many stations I can keep out but few scouting parties; for the station duties, forage parties, and escort duty will take all the men and leave but few for scouting.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. H. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Sub-District.

