HEADQUARTERS PLEASANT HILL STATION,Pleasant Hill, Mo., March 31, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. STEGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Warrensburg, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you an official report of the scouting, escort duty, &amp; c., done by the troops under my command since the receipt of your order requiring the same.

A scout left this station on the morning of the 13th, consisting of 1 non-commissioned officer and 7 men of Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry, mounted, taking an easterly course, striking the second fork of Big Creek at a point 10 miles distant, where they encamped for the night; struck camp next morning at daybreak, following a northerly direction some 6 miles, thence a southerly course about 12 miles, when they again encamped for the night in the vicinity of Kingsville; broke camp early next morning; pursued a northwesterly course; arrived at Pleasant Hill Station at 4 p. m. The whole distance traveled was about 50 miles, scouring the brush thoroughly, but seeing nothing worthy of note.

On the morning of the 16th, a scouting party left this station, consisting of 1 non-commissioned officer and 5 men of Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry; took a northerly course toward the Sni Hills; returned the same day; distance traveled, about 25 miles; no signs of any bushwhackers.

A scout left this station on the morning of the 19th, consisting of 1 non-commissioned officer and 9 men of Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry, for the vicinity of Sni Hills, about 11 miles distant; thence northeasterly 12 miles, and camped for the night in the brush. Next morning struck camp, taking a southerly direction about 20 miles on different branches of Big Creek, camping on Big Creek for the night.

Struck camp next morning; took a northwesterly course, scouting different branches of Big Creek, and arrived at Pleasant Hill Station about 5 p. m.; distance traveled, about 60 miles. Saw some signs of bushwhackers. Saw the body of Captain Blunt, the rebel bushwhacker.

Escort for Colonel James H. Ford to Independence on the morning of the 20th, 1 non-commissioned officer and 6 men, Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry; left about 10 a. m.; returned the next day; distance traveled, 50 miles. Nothing seen worthy of note. On the morning of the 24th furnished an escort for Captain Scull, inspector of commissaries, to Harrisonville, consisting of 1 non-commissioned officer and 4 men, Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry; returned the same day; distance traveled, 24 miles. On the 25th, escort for Captain Scull to Hickman Mills of 1 non-commissioned officer and 6 men of Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry; returned the same day; distance traveled, 36 miles.

A scout [left] this station on the morning of the 28th, consisting of 1 non-commissioned officer and 4 men of Company K, Second Colorado Cavalry. Scouted in the vicinity of Lone Jack. Returned the same day; traveled about 20 miles, finding 2 horses that had been wounded, supposed to be bushwhackers' horses.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. ELMER,

Captain, Commanding Station.

