HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI,Springfield, Mo., March 31, 1864.

Major JAMES A. MELTON,

Rolling Prairie, via Cassville, Mo.:

In case the forces of Generals Pickett and McRae advance, all the forces at Rolling Prairie and Yellville will unite and select a favorable position for battle, if the combined force is adequate to resist an attack and not strong enough to make a successful attack, which of course should be done if the force is sufficientt. If the troops are compelled to fall back they should fall back in a body and slowly, if the enemy follows on the same road. If the enemy moves on either flank, you will move as rapidly north as the enemy and attack his flanks at the earliest moment. You will not allow the enemy to evade you and pass by and attack small garrisons. Annoy him all you can if he advances. Our army below is successful thus far, and Price is reported to have retreated across Red River.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Fahnstock, commanding at Cassville, will forward this dispatch forthwith.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, March 31, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS J. MCKEAN,

Commanding District of South Kansas, Paola:

GENERAL: I am in receipt of instructions given by you in regard to our troops going into Missouri and entirely approve of them. We must watch the border and may send messengers through to the troops in neighboring commands, but it would seem discourteous to send out troops to patrol when our comrades of another department are doing the same thing. I have written General Brown, urging him to a cordial co-operation with you, and giving him assurance of your cordial co-operation with him, in efforts to preserve the peace of the border.

The affair in Charleston, Ill., shows the danger that still exists even in peaceable communities. Copperheads are almost traitors, as tadpoles approach the resemblance of their more eminent aquatic quadruped species; they need watching everywhere.

Very truly, your friend,

S. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, March 31, 1864 - 11.55 a. m.

Major-General POPE:

The Secretary of War has assigned the Sixth Minnesota Regiment to the Army of the Potomac. Is there any objection to bringing it away immediately?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

