
Captain Owen, assistant quartermaster, cannot pay the vouchers given for forage. They have not been ordered to, nor do not report to me, and for that reason I prefer not to interfere in the matter. Captain Owen asks that an acting quartermaster of the battalion be appointed, so that he can adjust the forage vouchers. The citizens also ask relief. I recommend that some action be taken.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., January 14, 1864.

General SANBORN,Springfield, Mo.:

Dallas County is in your district and you are responsible for that portion of the Fifth Kansas which is in that county. Give them such orders as may be necessary for the protection of the people. You are authorized hereby, if you deem it necessary, to assume command over them. Make a thorough investigation into any outrages which may have been committed, and fix the blame upon whom it belongs. It is presumed the command is from General Ewing's district. I shall telegraph him at once. Inform Colonel Bishop that Lieutenant Wilson, regimental quartermaster, is ordered mustered out.

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KANSAS CITY, MO., January 14, 1864. [Received 12.45 a.m., 15th.]

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Washington, D. C.:

I have some views as to the disposition of the border which can best be presented orally to you. Can you procure me an order by telegraph to go to Washington? The settlement of the border trouble, now in successful progress, will be undone inevitably by proposed change, if carried into effect in present shape.

THOS. EWING, JR.,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., January 14, 1864.

General EWING,Kansas City, Mo.:

General Sanborn reports two squadrons of Fifth Kansas at Urbana, Dallas County, Mo., committing outrages. Are they from your command? If so, what is the necessity for their being kept at that point? If they are of your command, have their conduct made the object of a most rigorous investigation, and report.

By order:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

6 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

