
casieu River. I particularly congratulate myself on this happy result, because of the beneficial effect it will produce upon the people of that portion of my district and the consequent assistance I shall derive from it in my operations this summer. The enemy commenced his retreat from Alexandria yesterday, moving with apparently his whole force down the south bank of Red River, with the view of making for Simsport. I shall offer him what resistance I can in front and allow no hour to pass without harassing his flank and rear or disputing the passage of the river by his transports and gun-boats.

He was ingenious enough to get a portion of these over the falls at Alexandria, but there are yet several difficult bars to pass before they can reach the Mississippi. It is deeply to be regretted that the intended re-enforcements from Arkansas will not arrive in time to destroy Banks and Porter together.

I wrote some time since to Lieutenant-General Polk and to General Tom Taylor, who commands in east Louisiana, soliciting their co-operation on the Mississippi and in a demonstration against New Orleans, and am expecting daily to hear from them. I shall take great pleasure in writing to you from time to time in the manner you suggest, and, I need not add, in hearing from you also as often as your leisure will permit.

I regret that I did not meet with you during your recent visit to this State, and, renewing the assurances of the pleasure it will give me to welcome you here either personally or in your official capacity, I remain, General, with great regard, your friend and servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 21. Shreveport, La., May 13, 1864.

The following officers are assigned to duty with the rank affixed to their respective names, subject to the approval of the President:

Brigadier General J. F. Fagan, Provisional Army, C. S., as major-general, to date from April 25, 1864.

Brigadier General T. J. Churchill, Provisional Army, C. S., as major-general, to date from April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General M. M. Parsons, Provisional Army, C. S., as major-general, to date from April 30, 1864.

Brigadier General J. S. Marmaduke, Provisional Army, C. S., as major-general, to date from April 30, 1864.

Colonel Richard Waterhouse, Nineteenth Texas Infantry, as brigadier-general, to date from April 30, 1864.

Major Robert P. Maclay, Provisional Army, C. S., as brigadier-general, to date from April 30, 1864.

Captain B. L. Johnson, Assistant Adjutant-General, as major, in the Adjutant-General's Department.

Lieutenant A. H. Sevier, Provisional Army, C. S., as captain, in the Adjutant-General's Department.

By command of General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

