
will enable us to bring off across the lake the needed supplies. I have directed the temporary employment in that district of a much more considerable force, which will enable me to keep up constant communication between Madisonville and Baton Rouge, thus cutting off the contraband trade from the interior to the Mississippi River between this city and Batom Rouge, and opening more country from which to draw supplies of forage and recruits for the Corps d'Afrique.

Very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF NEW ORLEANS, New Orleans, January 15, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the Madisonville expedition: The expedition was organized by Colonel E. G. Beckwith for the purpose, mainly, of opening a source of certain supplies for the army, particularly lumber, logs, tar, turpentine, bricks, and wood, which abound in this region.

The command-consisting of infantry, Ninth Connecticut Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Fitz Gibbons, 400 men; four companies Twelfth Maine Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Ilsley, 170 men; battalion convalescents, Thirteenth Army Corps, Lieutenant-Colonel Webb, 400 men; total, 970 men; artillery, Battery A, First U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant Humphrey, 70 men; four pieces Fifteenth Massachusetts Battery, Lieutenant Rouse, mounted on steamer Kate Dale and the small lake gun-boat Commodore, sent by Commodore Bell to co-operate, 48 men; cavalry, Squadron D, Second Louisiana Cavalry, Captain Beatty, 60 men [all commanded by Colonel W. K. Kimball, Twelfth Maine Volunteers]-sailed from New Orleans [Lakeport] 3rd instant. The weather proved very unpropitious, but in spite of all obstacles the expedition landed without any serious accident and took position at Madisonville, whence patrols and scouts have been sent into the country. The supplies above enumerated have been already procured to some extant; more have been discovered. Arrangements have been completed to send over working parties and also to increase the force, so that the country in a short time will be virtually occupied [by co-operation from Baton Rouge] from the latter place to the West Pearl River.

Several prisoners have been taken.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General C. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff.

OFFICE CHIEF OF CAVALRY, DEPT. OF THE GULF, New Orleans, La., January 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: After advising with General Franklin I suggest that the following-named cavalry at Franklin be immediately ordered to march to Brashear, and thence to take rail to this place, and to prevent crowding the rail, I suggest the dates of departure: January

