
MINDEN, LA., May 19, 1864.

Major H. EWING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Marmaduke's Division:

MAJOR: I have just reached this point on my return from Shreveport. It was impossible to get Napoleon guns or howitzers, but I have 6-pounder smooth-bore bronze guns and a traveling forge, and I succeeded in getting nearly everything I wanted from the ordnance department, but nothing at all from the quartermaster's. My stock is in such a condition that I cannot march over 15 miles a day. I will move directly east from here, and then move up parallel with the Ouachita to Camden. I take this route as it is impossible to get forage on the direct Camden road. I will have a splendid battery if I can get horses. I understand that an expedition will start for Missouri soon. For God's sake, major, endeavor to get me fitted out for the campaign. I require at least 32 new horses. If the horses cannot be got otherwise, I would respectfully ask for an order to impress, and would suggest that that order be given to Captain Naves, of Greene's regiment. With sufficient horses I would be splendidly outfitted, and I am anxious to get again to the front. Please use every exertion to get me there.

I am, major, respectfully, yours, &amp; c.,

S. S. HARRIS,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

SHREVEPORT, May 19, 1864.

Major General S. PRICE,

Camden, Ark.:

Generals Churchill's and Parsons' divisions have been ordered back. You will keep the baggage sent from here belonging to them at Camden.

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, May 19, 1864.

Major General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of May 11. Brigadier-General McCulloch has been directed to prepare every disposable man for active operations, in order to re-enforce or co-operate with you should circumstances require it. So long as the enemy occupied the Red River Valley no operations could be undertaken above, and every exertion had to be made to drive them out. The enemy have evacuated Alexandria and are moving toward Simsport, General Taylor pursuing them with vigor and harassing them to the fullest extent of his force. The infantry divisions that were moving to his assistance have been turned back. Two of them have been ordered to Camden and the other will soon follow. Preparations are now being made for an active campaign above. So soon as the enemy's forces are driven from the Red River Valley the bulk of our force will be

