
ceeds invested in arms and other lighter-draught vessels to bring them in. This arrangement, to be successful, must be made immediately. I have also to state that a vessel having 700 spades, &amp; c., has been wrecked, being chased by the enemy. The owner saved most of the spades, but burnt his vessel, losing $ 12,000 or $ 15,000 in gold by the transaction. The contractor agreed to deliver me these articles at the low rate of 50 per cent. above cost and charges. He applied to me for payment, and I gave him an order for payment on the cotton bureau, in accordance with his contract, to prevent the delay which might be ruinous to him if referred to department headquarters.

This is a small matter, but it shows the intimate connection between the commanding general here and the cotton bureau. I have concluded to go on with preparations for sending out cotton by these vessels for arms, presupposing the approval of the lieutenant-general commanding, to acquit myself as well as him of any responsibility on account of delay in procuring the arms, which delay might otherwise take place. Any papers, however, which may be executed will be destroyed, should the lieutenant-general commanding disapprove of the arrangement.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Camp Wharton, Tex., January 6, 1864.

Colonel BUCHEL:

SIR: This morning orders have been issued to Colonel Likens to move his regiment, and also Colonel Townes his brigade, to report to you without delay; the latter (Colonel Townes' command) you will use on picket duty, to establish a complete line of pickets from the mouth of Cane to Velasco and as far down toward Matagorda as you may deem necessary, in order to keep up a complete line of communication, to watch the movements of the enemy, and make a correct and speedy report to these headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. MECHLING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Abstract from morning report of the First Brigade, Second Division, Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Myers commanding, for January 6, 1864; headquarters Camp Wharton.

Present for duty.

Command.	 Officers.	 Men.	 Aggregate	 Aggregate

 	 	 present.	 present

 	 	 	 and

 	 	 	 absent.

Field and	 6	 12	 18	 20

staff

Debray's	 29	 571	 664	 828

regiment

Terrell's	 25	 402	 530	 701

regiment

Gould's	 33	 451	 533	 755

regiment

Grand total	 93	 1,436	 1,745	 2,304

