
ant Forsgard, in charge of troops at the mouth of Caney, that one of Colonel Buchel's men was killed by a shell, and that another gun-boat was coming up from the west while the one present was firing. I have ordered the negroes to work during the night, and by the rise of the morning star withdraw to the timber and then return in the evening. The carpenters' work is of such nature that it must be done in the daytime, unless provided with lanterns. The boat that shelled us last night laid for anchor in front of the fort until broad daylight this a. m., when she commenced again. She was seen at dark returning, and will probably salute us in the morning.

EDWD. SANDCLIFFE,

Lieutenant, &amp; c.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EASTERN SUB-DIST. OF TEXAS, Numbers 7. McNeel's Plantation, January 8, 1864.

I. Lieutenant-Colonel Wilmoth, commanding, is relieved from duty at the mouth of the San Bernard, and will report with his command to Colonel Ashbel Smith for duty.

II. Colonel Thompson Camp is relieved from duty at the mouth of the San Bernard, and will report with his command to the commanding officer of his brigade for duty.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Stubbs is relieved from duty at the mouth of the San Bernard, and will report with his command to the commanding officer of his brigade for duty.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Slaughter, commanding, & c.:

L. G. ALDRICH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP WHARTON, January 8, 1864 - 10.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General BEE:

I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of this date. In view of the present threatening position of the enemy, I would suggest that you expedite the departure of Woods' brigade as much as possible, and send forward couriers to hasten Likens' regiment to re-enforce Colonel Buchel. Your communication goes to the commanding general by the courier in the morning.

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP WHARTON, January 8, 1864.

Lieutenant S. D. YANCEY:

I have the honor to inclose a report* from the signal operator at the mouth of the Caney, this moment received. I have sent a copy to General Bee, with instructions that he move Woods' brigade by daylight in the morning to support Colonel Buchel. Likens' regiment has already moved to Colonel Buchel's support, and is now on Cedar Lake. A copy of the operator's report had been sent to Col-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

