
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., Numbers 1. Shreveport, La., January 9, 1864.

I. Frequent complaints have been made to the lieutenant-general commanding of depredations and illegal seizures of private property by cavalry commands throughout the department. District commanders will spare no exertions in suppressing such outrages. Officers must in every case be held accountable for the acts of their men. Where depredations can be clearly traced to any company, it will be immediately dismounted and the horses transferred to the artillery service and to the quartermaster's department.

II. The following-named officers are assigned to duty in the inspector-general's department, and will report to Colonel Benjamin Allston, inspector-general, Trans-Mississippi Department: Colonel Charles J. Turnbull, Twenty-fifth Regiment Arkansas Volunteers; Captain Ernest Walworth, assistant adjutant-general.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP WHARTON, January 9, 1864 - 6 p. m.

Captain W. A. ALSTON, or Lieutenant S. D. YANCEY:

SIR: I have the honor to state that the result of the enemy's firing from their ships on our works at the mouth of the Caney and Bernard Rivers has been to compel us to suspend work by day for one or two days past. On yesterday Captain Gibson, with a section of artillery, advanced down the beach below Caney, and with his little rifled piece compelled the enemy to haul off. Their firing was subsequently renewed and kept up during the night. To-day the number of reports from the mouth of the Caney have not exceeded two or three; none from the Bernard. I went to Brigadier-General Bee's quarters this morning at 8 o'clock to accompany him, but the firing having ceased, and General Bee having determined, on account of slight sickness, not to move personally until to-morrow, I deemed it best to remain here. Woods' brigade has marched for the west side of Cedar Lake, and crossed the Bernard this morning. Likens' regiment had already crossed the Bernard and was in supporting distance of Colonel Buchel when the enemy made demonstrations of landing below the Caney. McMahan's battery, as well as Moseley's, has been moved to Cedar Lake. The movement of these troops would have been induced in a few days by want of forage. The scarcity is very great, and transportation from the depots to the troops in camp a severe task. The horses of Woods' brigade had to be sent to Hinkle's Ferry to be fed.

This method was thought most practicable. I am informed by Colonel Buchel that forage for three or four additional regiments for five or six days can be accumulated in a short time at Ewing's plantation, on Cedar Lake. The health of the troops, considering the intensity of the cold, continues good; for example, Colonel Debray informed me to-day that not 100 of his brigade were unfit for duty on account of sickness. The animals also have stood the rigor of the weather better than we imagined. Colonel Debray's brigade is under marching orders for some suitable place near Caney, not far from Ewing's plantation. General Bee will establish his headquarters at Ewing's place.

54 R R - VOL XXXIV, PT II

