
from the mouth of the Guadalupe River, so that the enemy cannot come up from Arkansas Pass without exploding them. In the artificial channel between Powder Horn and Port Lavaca we have quite a large number of them. Some are a year old, but some very powerful ones have been placed there since the evacuation of the fort, say, within five weeks, and I know that it is a dead-gone thing for us to get the enemy if they make an attempt to come up; and the enemy knowing of these torpedoes is what has kept their gun-boats from coming up long before this. I regret that I am not able to report my positive destruction of the enemy's property by the torpedoes up to this time, but if they will not try them we cannot expect to destroy them; but I think it ought to be put down to our credit that we have kept them out of Pass Cavallo for one year, and that we are still keeping them out of Lavaca Bay.

We have plenty more torpedoes here at Victoria, and after the lapse of three or four weeks more I would give it as my opinion that some more fresh ones should be put in the channel between Powder Horn and Lavaca, but at the present moment it certainly does not need any more. In regard to placing one in the bay between Indianola and Matagorda it cannot be done to any advantage, and for sundry reasons: First, because the bay is so very wide that it would take a very large number to give the least probability of success; next, boats and boatmen are not to be had, and if they were the danger of being picked up by the enemy is very great. I am very anxious to have a success with the torpedoes, and beg to assure General Magruder, through you, that I am constantly on the lookout for an opportunity to use them, and shall let no opportunity pass without using my best endeavor to improve it. On the other side of the Mississippi River we have had some splendid success with them, and I hope to yet on this side before the war is over, and if I don't it shall not be for want of faithful trying on my part.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

D. BRADBURY.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, No. 1. Camp Bragg, January 11, 1864.

Major General Sterling Price having obtained leave of absence, Brigadier-General Drayton will assume temporary command of the division.

By command of Major-General Price:

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., January 12, 1864.

Major-General TAYLOR,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Captain Tipp's letter asking for the return of Sergeant Joyner has been received. The strength of the guard required here will not admit of any one being detached from it at the present time. Lieutenant-General Smith directs that if practicable, or as soon as practicable, a regiment be sent here for guard duty, in order that

