
the irregular guard now detained here may be sent to their command. With but few exceptions the entire guard at this place belongs to your command. The guard duty at this place belongs to your command. The guard duty at this place belongs to your command. The guard duty at this place requires from 350 to 400 men. Terrell's battalion furnishes from 80 to 90. The headquarters of the conscript service of this State being here the regiment can be rapidly recruited to its full number, and when recruited can be relieved by another weak regiment.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 7. Houston, Tex., January 12, 1864.

I. It having been reported to the major-general commanding that some of the men belonging to the Texas State Troops are leaving their commands without permission, on the ground that their term of service has expired, all officers are hereby directed to report the names of men so leaving to the commanding officers of their regiments or battalions, who will immediately report them to their brigade or division commanders, who will send cavalry to pursue and arrest them, and bring them back to their commands as deserters. The term of service of the earliest of the Texas State Troops who were mustered into the Confederate service commences on the 6th of August and expires on the 6th of February, and all who leave previous to the expiration of that term of service without proper permission are deserters.

II. Lieutenant Colonel J. D. McAdoo, assistant adjutant-general of State Troops, is hereby relieved from duty as assistant adjutant-general, at his own request.

III. Colonel John Sayles is assigned to duty as assistant adjutant-general of State Troops, in addition to the duties of judge-advocate-general.

IV. The commanding general takes this opportunity to thank Lieutenant-Colonel McAdoo for the faithful and efficient manner in which he has discharged the duties devolved upon him.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

W. A. ALSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE INDIAN TERRITORY, Doaksville, January 12, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I respectfully call attention to the inclosed copies of letters, the first from me to General Cooper,* the second his reply. These letters were brought about by several interviews between myself and General Cooper, as to the proper organization of the Indian forces of this district and the proper defense of this country. My reasons for preferring two brigades are fully set forth in my communication to General Cooper. A day or so after preparing it

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

