
tions, promised not only support but the protection of white troops, and they expect compliance, as far as practicable, with the contract. Let them see the Government is carrying out its promises in good faith and they will be true and faithful to their agreement. Like other raw troops, they are greatly encouraged by the presence of artillery. They have great faith in the "big guns." Of course if artillery accompanies the Indian troops, white men as artillerists and white support for the batteries are necessary. I approve, and was, I believe, the first to recommend the separation of the white and Indian troops into distinct brigades, but I never contemplated that they should serve separately on distinct and distant lines of operations. In short, the Indians should be used as light troops in conjunction with a well-disciplined and steady white force.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.

GARVIN'S FERRY, SUNFLOWER RIVER, MISS., January 13, 1864-4 p.m.

Major HOLT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry in Mississippi:

MAJOR: The arms I carried from here to the Mississippi River on horseback were safely crossed over and received on the other side by Colonel Harrison's cavalry, who made their appearance after we had waited there several days. I am now moving back as rapidly as my train can travel over the bad roads. Just received telegram from Captain Moorman directing me to take position at Benton.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

L. S. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., January 13, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR:

GENERAL: In reply to your letter of January 11, I am directed by Lieutenant-General Smith to say that he considers General Mouton's division as forming a portion of your command and of course subject to your orders. The crossing of the arms in safety is, in his opinion, of the greatest importance and one to which your attention is especially called, but he has no intention of interfering with your command and leaves the movements of the division entirely to your decision. As to the proposed defenses at Trinity he desires me to say that he has never visited that point, but adopted it upon the suggestions of his chief engineer. His wish is to defend the Ouachita River, if possible, and Major Douglas has been directed to proceed to Alexandria at once and to consult with you upon the subject. It may be advisable to strengthen the works in Harrisonburg in preference to constructing new works elsewhere. The boats in your district are subject to your control. All those in the Ouachita River except two or three have been ordered down to Red River. Lieutenant-General Holmes is directed to send you such boats as you may need.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

