HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUSIANA, Alexandria, January 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy abandoned New Iberia on the night of the 8th instant, moving down the Teche in a body. They left a number of cases of small-pox at New Iberia under an assistant surgeon. I hope to receive intelligence of their movement and probable designs to-day. The dreadful state of the roads, almost impassable to couriers, has prevented the intelligence from reaching me sooner.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

JANUARY 13, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that Brigadier-General Liddell has been assigned to duty in North Louisiana. I have fully communicated to him my views of operations in that quarter. As the time is approaching for Brigadier-General Allen to assume new duties, I request that all orders issued by him regarding paroled men be furnished General Liddell, who will command these troops whenever they are placed in service. General Liddell, having Harrison's cavalry under his command, can easily take measures to force them into camp. All south of Red River are now being collected as rapidly as commanders apply to me for mounted detachments to bring them in. The plan I have adopted is to require columns of regiments to accompany the mounted force, and their personal attention with that of the company officers speedily collects the men. This has been in cases where the commands are assembling at this point and on the application of the commanding officers. I do not know where the other points of assembling are.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, January 13, 1864.

Captain D. F. BOYD,Chief Engineer, District of West Louisiana:

Captain: The major-general commanding directs me to write to you to state that he has information, on which he relies, that the enemy's light gun-boats will pay you a visit as soon as the stage of the water in the river will permit them to come up. He wishes that the guns you have received should be mounted with due expedition, and that you write to Shreveport to send down without delay the remaining 9-inch gun and the guns for the casemates. He desires you to report to him at least every two days the progress of the work and the condition of the river, and to hasten, as rapidly as possible, the construction of the magazine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. E. BONFORD,

Aide-de-Camp.

