
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPT., No. 3. Shreveport, La., January 13, 1864.

I. All authority to raise new organizations from men liable to conscription in this department, not within the enemy's lines, will expire on the 15th of February, 1864. These commands must be assembled immediately, and all men absent from and claiming to belong to them after the 15th of February next will be arrested by the enrolling officers as conscripts and sent to the camp of instruction. All officers who have received such authority must forward, on or before the 15th of February next, muster-rolls of the men recruited by them, whether the organization is complete or not.

II. In accordance with orders from the War Department at Richmond, Major J. Horace Lacy is announced as chief inspector of field transportation in the Trans-Mississippi Department.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 13, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: There exists a great necessity for carpenters on the works at Fort De Russy, and they cannot be hired except at heavy expense, and even then with difficulty. The major-general commanding therefore directs that as many carpenters as can be spared from your division be ordered to report to Captain Boyd, chief engineer, for temporary duty, to assist in pushing forward the work. I am directed by the major-general commanding to inform you the enemy entirely evacuated New Iberia on the 8th instant. He has not yet moved beyond Franklin, however.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 13, 1864.

Brigadier General ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,

Commanding Forces North Louisiana:

GENERAL: Herewith I have the honor to inclose General Orders, No. 3, assigning you to the command of forces in North Louisiana, and in connection therewith I am directed by the major-general commanding to state to you as follows: The troops of the Second Infantry Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Mouton, are only on temporary service in North Louisiana, and do not constitute a part of the regular forces of that portion of the district, and will not therefore come under your command. Colonel Harrison's regiment of cavalry, at present engaged in special service ordered by Lieutenant-General Smith, is acting under the direction of Brigadier-General Mouton, who is charged with execution of the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding. General Taylor therefore desires that you will consult with General Mouton on your arrival at Monroe,

