
and have with him such understanding as will prevent the possibility of conflict in the performance of the important service in which the troops of your command are now engaged.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 8. Houston, Tex., January 13, 1864.

I. The following orders are published for the information of the Army of Texas and all who may be concerned:*

II. In connection with this order, commanding officers throughout this district are directed to use every endeavor to protect property from illegal and unauthorized impressment. Frequent complaints of the unwarranted and improper seizure of private property by both officers and agents in this district have been made by the major-general commanding, and it is hereby announced that when any instance of the kind is reported to these headquarters the commanding officer of the troops guilty of such depredations will be held responsible, unless the offender or offenders can be found and punished. Citizens are particularly requested to forward to these headquarters, at Houston, an attested copy of any order of impressment by which their property is taken, in order of impressment by which their property is taken, in order, if the impressment be illegal, that the offender may be brought to a speedy punishment. On the other hand, officers empowered to impress property will discharge their duty with firmness but courtesy, and always strictly in accordance with the impressment act.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., January 14, 1864.

Lieutenant-General POLK,Commanding Department of Mississippi:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose you an unofficial copy of a letter+ received this morning from Brigadier-General Mouton's inspector-general. I have no remark to make upon the statements made by this officer, and do not intend by sending you the within copy to censure any officer of your command. It is of the highest importance that there should be a thorough and hearty co-operation between the commands of your and this department, which are assigned to the duty of crossing the arms. Brigadier-General Mouton is in charge of my force for this purpose. He has been directed to put himself in communication with the commanding officer of your force having charge of the arms on your side of the river. I refer you to the files of correspondence in the office of your predecessor, General Joseph E. Johnston, for the letters which have heretofore been written on this important subject, and request your full co-operation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[E. KIRBY SMITH.]

---------------

*See General Orders, No. 1,p.849.

+Not found.

---------------

55 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

