
ity, and one or two boats retained on the Ouachita will supply from that valley both the troops and laborers. Unless otherwise directed from department headquarters Mouton will move down the east bank of the river to Columbia, thence by the west bank to Trinity.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

ALEXANDER, LA., January 14, 1864.

Brigadier General A. MOUTON,

Commanding Second Infantry Division:

GENERAL: If on receipt of this no instructions to the contrary have reached you from department headquarters, and there exists, in your judgment, no good reason for longer delay at Monroe, the major-general commanding directs that you will take up the line of march with your division to Harrisonburg, and there encamp until further orders. It is suggested that any barefooted or weary and overmatched men be left in camp at Monroe until you shall have established yourself at Harrisonburg and placed a battery in position, when they can be brought down by boat. A light boat or two will have to be retained in the Ouachita as long as your division remains there. Should any gun-boats ascend the river, the commanding general desires that you give them the best reception possible with light batteries and sharpshooters,

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., No. 9. Houston, Tex., January 14, 1864.

Staff officers of the various departments in this district are prohibited from making contracts or purchases based on cotton, but will continue to purchase such articles as are necessary for the use of their several departments, paying for the same at a fair value in Confederate money or in certified accounts, paying due attention to and being guided by schedule prices when the articles to be obtained are on the schedule list.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

W. A. ALSTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT INDIAN TERRITORY, No. 7. Doaksville, January 14, 1864.

I. Lieutenant Samuel R. Mebane is hereby appointed enrolling officer of the district, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He will keep his office at these headquarters.

II. It having come to the knowledge of the commanding general that a great many white men are in the district, some of whom are not in the service and are subject to conscript, whilst others are skulking from their commands, it is hereby made the duty of all

