
Mexicans] 350 men. It is thought McManus will bring out a large number of men for the First Texas from San Antonio and thereabouts. The latest news from Mexico I will forward in a special communication.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Indianola, Tex., January 15, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel WALTER B. SCATES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith,* for the information of the major-general commanding. a report of my commissary, Captain D. M. Alexander, in reference to the quantity of subsistence stores on hand at this point, from which it appears that we have ten days' rations, commencing with to-morrow, the 16th instant, for 4,200 men, the strength of the forces present in this command. I wish also to call the general's attention to the fact that we are very scarce of transportation, there being only four wagons for use in the whole division, and these, in consequence of the distance it has to be hauled, are insufficient to keep the command supplied with wood, to say nothing of other necessary hauling.

I would therefore respectfully request that at least four additional wagons be sent to me. Everything is quiet in this vicinity at present; no rebels in sight, and from the reports of 2 refugees, who came into the lines to-day, and whom I send to you on the Matamoras, I am led to believe that at present there is no considerable hostile force near. To provide, however, for all emergencies I think it would be well to send me one 30-pounder Parrott gun from the First Indiana Heavy Artillery. This would enable me to defend myself from the cotton-clads, and at the same time be all the better prepared for any possible attack by land.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. BENTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., January 15, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

Captain Montgomery and company have arrived at Dallas and reported to these headquarters. Gentry and foraging party have arrived. I have 170 men, 25 miles up the river, unloading Government stores from steamers frozen in and in danger.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, Mo., January 15, 1864.

General SANBORN, Springfield, Mo.:

The two squadrons of the Fifth Kansas which have been in Dallas were ordered to Lebanon some time in November to await orders.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

