
the fortifications there, encamped on both sides of the Teche. The bulk of the force under Franklin took cars at Berwick Bay; whether they will re-enforce Washburn or operate in this quarter I do not know. At all events, we should be prepared as far as possible, and I trust the remaining 9-inch gun and the carriages for the two 32 Dahlgrens will soon reach me. For the 9-inch and 32 rifle, now in position at Fort De Russy, there were sent down only 50 rounds of shot and shell; more should be sent at once. The Missouri, I suppose, will come down on the first rise. Every facility will be afforded Captain Carter to get [in] fighting order. If he will report in advance his requirements I will have everything in readiness for him. I hope for an early reply to my several communications on the subject of burning private cotton as well as to Government cotton in the Ouachita, whether the arrangements with Messrs. Menard and Stevenson do not cover all the Government owns in that region.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

ALEXANDRIA, January 15, 1864.

Captain D. F. BOYD,

Chief Engineer:

CAPTAIN: The major-general commanding directs that if you find it impracticable to work at the raft at any time in consequence of high water or other causes that no time be lost in transferring the hands to the fort. The work there and the mounting of the guns must be pushed with the utmost energy. General Walker has been written to about placing artillery at the point near the mouth of Bayou L'Eau-noir. The Ordnance Department has no tar on hand. Your application has not reached them. You will have to have it burned. I gave verbal instructions about the blankets to Major Sanders in person, but it appears that before he got to the office they had been issued to artillery.

Very respectfully,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, January 15, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have just received your communication of yesterday. Major McKee will furnish any quantity of cotton needed by Major Stone and deliver it at suitable points. The amount of cotton remaining in Pointe Coupee must be small, and the hostility that would be created to us among the citizens by burning it is as well to avoid. Whenever you withdraw all your men from the other side of the Atchafalaya and have no more hope of trading the cotton might be burned. The department at Shreveport has disposed of a large amount of cotton on the Ouachita, and until I hear more definitely from headquarters I cannot tell how they have thus disposed of it. I certainly think it much more preferable to sell for

