
Confederate money than to burn. Cotton is worth in Liverpool $250 per bale. We should sell by the bale to avoid trouble, and only guarantee the delivery to purchaser and safe passage both ways for his transportation along the river. Major McKee will furnish any amount necessary to pay for supplies, and Major Stone can extend his operations as much as possible. Long forage will be sent as soon as the river becomes navigable. Mr. Parker's proposition will meet attention.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

P. S.-As soon as I hear definitely from Shreveport of the Ouachita cotton, instruction in full with be sent.

R. T.

ALEXANDRIA, January 15, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding Walker's Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to call your attention to the following extract from a letter of Captain D. F. Boyd, chief engineer:

Some 15 miles below the raft, near the mouth of Bayou L'Eau-noir, is a fine position for masking light artillery immediately on the bank of the river.

The mouth of Bayou L'Eau-noir is at the lower part of Sabine Point, one-fourth of a mile across the point to the raft and 6 from the fort, and to say that he desires you to have this position reconnoitered, and if advantageous for light batteries and sharpshooters, one battery and a battalion will be stationed there to operate against any light-draught boats that may attempt to ascend the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALEXANDRIA, January 15, 1864.

Brigadier General A. MOUTON,

Commanding Second Infantry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires that there shall be no delay in executing the movement of your division ordered yesterday from this office, viz, to march to Harrisonburg. In executing it, however, it will be necessary to exercise precaution, as the present stage of water may admit of light boats ascending as high even as Columbia, and thus cut off your crossing to west bank of Ouachita. No more boats will be sent out of the Ouachita for Red River, as the raft will be closed by the time this reaches you. You will need one or two light-draught boats to supply your command with meat, &amp;c. The accompanying order* is furnished for your information.

Very respectfully, general,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Enemy are about 3,000 strong at Franklin; the rest have crossed to New Orleans; destination said to be Texas and Red River.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

