
ALEXANDRIA, January 15, 1864.

Colonel W. G. VINCENT,

Commanding Outposts:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs me to call your attention to the instruction already issued in regard to your movements. Should the enemy abandon the Teche country you sill leave the country under an active and energetic officer, together with any of the recent local organizations which may have reported to you for duty, not only as scouts to observe the movements of the enemy, but to act also in assisting Colonel Thomas and others engaged in collecting deserters and reorganizing their commands. The officer left by you will see that these new companies perform their duties. With the rest of your command you will return to the vicinity of Big Cane and report for further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Houston, January 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that reports nave reached this place from Alexandria that large numbers of Yankee troops have been seen going down the Mississippi. The lieutenant-general commanding has perhaps already received the same intelligence. These troops evidently come from the Federal Army in Tennessee, and are doubtless intended for operations against Texas. It may perhaps be important to communicate the fact to the division generals east of the Mississippi, as well as the significant fact that all of the light-draught steamers and sail vessels in New Orleans have been advertised for by the quartermaster of Banks' army.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Towson, January 15, 1864.

Lieutenant General E. KIRBY SMITH,Commanding Trans-Mississippi Department:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of instructions bearing date 4th instant. You express the opinion that-

If there is any movement of the enemy's cavalry this winter it will be by the Line road, or the road to Fort Towson, upon the adjacent counties.

By reference to my letter to General Cooper of 3rd instant,* a copy of which accompanied my communication to department headquarters of 12th instant, under cove to Colonel Anderson, you will find this paragraph:

By this disposition I think the most likely attack would be on the right [Gano] this winter, if one is made; on the left [Watie] next spring.

*Not found.

