
on such I will not be sparing of money. In addition to this means of information I keep scouting parties constantly to the front. There are two men I would like to get that I know would do-Major Burnet, with his sharpshooters, most of whom I personally know, and Captain J. K. Huey, First Kentucky Cavalry, who was applying for authority to raise a squadron. I know him by experience and know he will exactly do for my purposes. These bodies, well mounted, acting under my immediate orders, could be of very great service, and much aid me in what you want-reliable information.

I received a letter from General McCulloch last night notifying me of a treasonable plot that he had certainly ferreted out and had made some arrests. I suppose he has informed you. This corresponds with what I believe to exist, though to a very limited extent, and also with what my Fort Smith man referred to told me he had learned there. That is a point in his favor, as no disclosure had reached here until last night by General McC.'s letter. I take occasion to say of General McC. that he gives me every assistance he can, and I believe him to be a very energetic officer. This is very fortunate, as supplies must all come from there. If he were greatly prejudiced against this district and Northern Texas and the people of these sections against him the result might be very different. Unless an officer is on good terms with the people and they like him they will never work together well. I have set the right men to work in Northern Texas to help us in case of necessity with all out of conscript and militia, and you will see, when the time comes, I will get them.

I need a first-rate inspector; General Steele left none. Captain R. W. Lee [a graduate], a man of fine sense and great energy, has agreed to serve. His habits were once occasionally bad; for twelve months they have been good, and I have no doubt will continue so. I hope you will give him as much rank as you can with the understanding above. He is under obligations of a private nature to me that will keep him true to his word. [So much as refres to him I hope you will consider confidential.] He ought to have at least two good assistants. No part of your department needs efficient inspectors so much as this.

Very respectfully, your obedient friend and servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, January 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of several dispatches of the 14th instant. The orders of General Mouton have been modified. He will remain with one brigade at or near Monroe until he hears definitely from Major Price about the arms; his other brigade, with a light battery, will take post at Harrisonburg until further orders. In the event of Trinity being selected for the contemplated works, the brigade will descend to that point. Major Douglas' presence will decide between Harrisonburg and Trinity.

