
Assume command of them. Remove them to some other point if necessary or for the interest of the service in your district, and make a most thorough investigation into their conduct and report thereon to these headquarters, fixing the blame on individuals by name. Give the commanding officer of the two squadrons an extract from this dispatch sufficient to inform him of your orders to assume command of them.

By command:

O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., January 15, 1864.

Commanding Officer of Detachment Ordered to Batesville with dispatches:

SIR: You will proceed without any delay to Batesville with the dispatches handed you by the adjutant. You will be compelled to make long marches the first two days to get forage. You will draw rations at Batesville, and immediately return to Searcy County and reach the vicinity of Lebanon on Thursday or Friday, and remain in that section or come directly to Springfield, as yourself and Captain Human may deem most conducive to the interests of the service. You will report to headquarters on your return. A scout familiar with the country will accompany you.

JOHN B. SANBORN,Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., January 15, 1864.

Lieutenant HOWELL:

SIR: In addition to those instruction given you in my letter of this date, I direct that if you find any citizens who have been robbed of forage or property of any kind by our troops, you will take names of the party from whom same was taken, the value of the property taken, and of what it consists, and the name of the officer or soldier taking the same. You will take an extensive circuit through Dallas County and get all the information relative to the above matters possible, and take sufficient time to accomplish your purpose, as above directed, fully.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST BATT., EIGHTH CAV., MO. STATE MILITIA,Ozark, Mo., January 15, 1864.

Brigadier-General SANBORN:

I have the honor to report as follows: A scout of 1 sergeant and 6 men has just returned from White River, sent there for the purpose of ascertaining the stage of the river, &amp;c. They found the river

