
In accordance with the suggestion of the Governor, who has asked the commanding general to designate a day intermediate between the expiration of the term of service of those first and last in service, the 20th of February is fixed upon as the day when the troops will be reorganized in accordance with the law of the State and the further provisions of that law carried out, previous to which time orders will be issued providing the terms upon which this reorganization will be conducted. This period, while it is not onerous upon the men who came in service first, is extremely liberal to those who came in last.

By command of Major General J. Bankhead Magruder:

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,] Shreveport, La., January 17, 1864.

Lieutenant-General HOLMES, Camden, Ark.:

Colonel Parsons' brigade can remain if there is any prospect of success. He was ordered away on your information that nothing could be done.

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., January 18, 1864.

Major-General TAYLOR,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding, in acknowledging the receipt of your communication of the 16th, to say that a letter has been received from Brigadier-General Mouton, dated December 15, in which General Mouton states that at that time he had been notified of the successful crossing of 1,400 arms. General Mouton's communication would indicate the belief on his part that Major Price would not send any of the arms in his charge to the river. Lieutenant Urquhart, ordnance officer, passed Shreveport on the 16th on his way to Alexandria. The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to say this officer stated to him that he had assisted personally in crossing 1,000 stand on the 9th and 10th, and was informed by the officer or agent in charge that 10,000 had been crossed previously. This agent told Lieutenant Urquhart that they were of those in charge of Major Price.

Very respectfully,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Shreveport, La., January 18, 1864.

Brigadier General A. MOUTON, C. S. Army:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your communications* of January 15 and 16, with inclosures. Since those dates you have probably received Major-General Taylor's communication of January 16, changing somewhat

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

