
about 3 feet deep, very easily forded by a horse or wagon. Swan and Bull Creeks are frozen hard enough to bear horses or wagons. There are some scattering deserters from the rebel armies in the bends of White River. There is a small squad southeast of Yellville, trying to catch deserters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. C. HUMAN,

Captain, Commanding First Battalion, Eighth Cav., Mo. S. M.

By T. E. GRAY,

First Lieutenant and Acting Adjutant.

KANSAS CITY, MO., January 15, 1864. [Received 8.45 p.m.]

Major General J. M. SCHOFIELD, Washington, D. C.:

Just received order to report to General Curtis when he takes command. Will ask to be sent to Indian Territory, where I may get command of Kansas troops. Would not retain this district without border counties of Missouri, for General Brown will let disloyal refugees return, and following them will return the guerrillas.

THOS. EWING, JR.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Scott, Kans., January 15, 1864.

Lieutenant J. M. HADLEY,A. A. A. G., District of the Border, Kansas City, Mo.:

LIEUTENANT: In reply to yours of the 13th instant, I have the honor to state: First, that there is a line of rifle-pits southeast, south, and southwest of this place, extending about a fourth of a mile, and connecting with ravines, which, by opening into the Marmaton River bottom, completely encircles the town. Second, there are two lunettes, field-works, inside this line, and distant about 300 yards from the same, on the south and southwest of the town, which command the heights from the northeast clear around to the southwest. They are formed of earth and fascines, and are substantial and well constructed, having been superintended by a competent engineer.

The one to the southwest is named Lunette Henning, and has platforms for four guns and a subterranean magazine for ammunition. There are two 24-pounder siege guns in position upon the platforms, and in excellent condition. Lunette Blair, to the south, is a smaller work, having platforms for but three guns and a subterranean magazine. There are also two 24-pounders in position here in admirable condition.

These works are in the State of Kansas, to defend Fort Scott, the lunettes forming the inner line, and are respectively on the Cato and Military roads. The name of the officer immediately in charge of these fortifications is Captain George J. Clark, Company E, Fourteenth Kansas Cavalry, acting ordnance officer of the post, and the post-office address of the station is Fort Scott, Kans.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. BLAIR,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

