
of the custom-house officers at Matamoras, and stating that any moneys paid to them will again be collected from the proper parties, or the goods confiscated by the officers who are to guard the roads.

I have, together with Major Russell, chief quartermaster, made arrangements with Governor Vidauri for the procurement and forwarding of supplies through Eagle Pass. Governor Vidauri is to place a strong force at Piedras Negras [opposite Eagle Pass], to protect our commerce from any guerrillas or renegades from Texas that may attack our trains. He offers ample protection on all goods in transitu, also relief of all revenue as soon as existing difficulties are adjusted in Tamaulipas except the 25 per cent., or one-fourth of the actual revenue, as previously agreed upon. Orders have been issued to pass cotton to any point on the Rio Grande, with duties payable at Monterey. Major Russell has had sufficient specie funds advanced by the merchants to pay freights, &amp;c.

General Bee was, on the 14th instant, at Laredo, crossing large quantities of cotton into Mexico, and awaiting for re-enforcements from the interior. Major Russell left here for Laredo on the 23rd instant. Governor Vidauri furnished him with an escort. The interior of Mexico is still in great disorder. On the 13th instant Governor Comonfort left Chamacuero for Celaya, in order to take command of the Mexican army. He had an escort of 25 men. A few hours after his departure his party was attacked by a reactionary force, who succeeded in dispersing the escort and killing General Jose Lopez Uraga commander-in-chief of the Mexican army.

The French forces are slowly advancing on San Luis Potosi. They were on the 18th ultimo at Arro-yoseco and San Juan del Rio. President Juarez has sent his family to Saltillo, 25 leagues from Monterey. It is his intention to come with his cabinet to this city. Governor Vidauri has informed him that the people of Nuevo Leon and Coahuila seriously object to having the seat of government here. Should President Juarez insist upon coming to Monterey it is probable that Governor Vidauri shall repel him by force of arms. General Santa Ana has offered his personal service to the regency of Mexico. We are daily expecting the occupation of Matamoras by French troops.

General Banks left Brownsville on the 18th ultimo with three regiments, to make a landing at Corpus Christi. The day before his departure he, at the head of his staff, paid a visit to Cortina. The traitors Vidal, Haynes, and Paschal are with him. There are also some U. S. negro troops in Brownsville. I herewith append Governor Vidauri's new circular* [marked A], in reference to passports and exportation of cattle from Texas.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. A. QUINTERRO.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA, Alexandria, January 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I beg leave to call the attention of the lieutenant-general commanding to the inclosed copy of a report just received from Captain Boyd, engineer in charge of works on lower Red River, also

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

