
ALEXANDRIA, January 21, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to call your attention to the accompanying communication of Lieutenant C. N. Morse, of First Louisiana Artillery, representing the difficulties in the way of recrossing the Mississippi River for the purpose of joining his command. In obedience to instructions from department headquarters, I have issued orders clearing this district of all officers belonging to commands east of the Mississippi who are not on important duty under my orders, and the question of transportation, which it is impossible to furnish in each individual instance, is one which constantly arises. I would therefore respectfully suggest that orders be issued from your headquarters requiring all such officers not assigned to duty in this department to rendezvous at some given point whence transportation can be furnished at the same time to all, or other such plan adopted as may meet the difficulty. In this connection, I beg to mention the name of Captain A. N. Ogden, First Louisiana Artillery, under orders from headquarters Trans-Mississippi Department, to reorganize such portions of his regiment as may be on this side the Mississippi. From this officer's want of energy and bad habits I am satisfied that he will accomplish nothing toward a reorganization of his command, and his example being pernicious, I respectfully suggest that he also be ordered across the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

ALEXANDRIA, January 21, 1864.

Major E. SURGET,

Asst. Adjt. General District of West Louisiana:

SIR: Having been relieved from duty in the Trans-Mississippi Department by Special Orders, No. 6, department headquarters, and having further received Special Orders, No. 18, from headquarters District of West Louisiana, directing me "to proceed east of the Mississippi River without delay and rejoin my command," I have the honor to report that I have since the receipt of those orders in vain endeavored to obtain some means of transportation; that I called upon the chief quartermaster of the district, who informed me that the department did not furnish transportation in similar cases; that in the absence of steam or stage communication unusual modes of conveyance must be resorted to.

Under these circumstances, and in order to enable me to comply with the above-named orders from department and district headquarters, I have the honor respectfully to request that some means of conveyance for myself and baggage may be furnished me, or that I may be authorized to draw from the quartermaster a sum sufficient to defray the probable expenses of the journey, my pay being insufficient to cover those expenses.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

CHARLES N. MORSE.

First Lieutenant First Louisiana Artillery

