
IV. The regiments of Colonel Hardeman, at Sandy Point, and Colonel Baylor, near Houston, will proceed at once to Virginia Point. Colonel Baylor will move his regiment to-morrow morning by rail from Houston, leaving his horses with a suitable guard at their present camp. Colonel Hardeman will proceed by first train after the receipt of this order to Houston, and from that point to their destination.

* * * * * *

By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EASTERN SUB-DIST. OF TEXAS, Numbers 20. McNeel's Plantation, January 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel D. H. Holland, commanding battalion Texas State Cavalry, will move his command without delay to Camp Wharton, on Jones' Creek, reporting in person to these headquarters immediately on his arrival.

* * * * * *

IV. Colonel Ashbel Smith will proceed with all his available armed force, to some point near the mouth of the Bernard, within easy supporting distance of the troops at that point.

V. Colonel Townes will proceed without deadly, with all his available armed force, to some point near the mouth of the San Bernard, within easy supporting distance of the troops at that point. He will unite his forces upon his arrival with Colonel Ashbel Smith's, who are to proceed to the same point.

By command of Brigadier-General Slaughter, commanding, &amp;c.:

L. G. ALDRICH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,

Houston, January 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General BEE:

SIR: The enemy to the number of 2,000 additional troops are at the mouth of the Mississippi River for Texas; I think for Galveston. At all events, that is a more vital point than any other on the coast. Be prepared to move your forces, all except Duff's, Brown's, and Buchel's regiments and Rugeley's company, and except the State troops and Colonel A. Smith's command, at the mouth of the Bernard, and the Third Infantry, Bates' regiment, and Waul's Legion at the mouth of the Brazos, to Columbia, sending all the horses to the rear, as ordered. I have ordered Green's division to Virginia Point. Should Likens' regiment have passed as far as Texana he will report to Colonel Duff, holding himself in readiness to fall back on the Caney; otherwise he will camp on Caney with the rest of the troops.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BANKHEAD MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Texas, &c.

P. S.-The above is sent for General Slaughter's information. So much as relates to this command will be carried out, with the concurrence of Brigadier-General Bee.

