
2,500 men, three pieces of artillery, over 100 cavalry; their object, fresh meat. They are encamped to-night 40 miles below this place. On being discovered by the gun-boats, Colonel L. turned back and was followed for some miles by one of them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Communication of 22nd just received. No transports have passed within the last two or three days.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Mouth of Caney, January 24, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Communications of 21st and 22nd received. The following regiments are affected by the order: Debray, Woods, Pyron, Likens, Gould, and Terrell. No order concerning dismounting the cavalry was received, nor any order as to the disposition of the light artillery. I shall order the batteries assigned to brigades to march, which will leave Moseley's battery with Colonel Buchel. I request that the order concerning the dismounting of the cavalry be sent to me. The gun from the car has been returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Mouth of Caney, January 24, 1864.

Captain HOWE,

Engineer, Hinkle's Ferry:

SIR: The most of the troops in this vicinity may receive orders at any moment to march east. Report at once the condition of the pontoon, and order all the ferry-boats to concentrate at Hinkle's and Churchill's Ferries. Hurry the completion of the bridge by every possible means; if you are short of hands call for a detail of soldiers.

Respectfully,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Answer by bearer. If the pontoons are ready, concentrate the boats at Churchill's.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, January 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I have just turned from the defenses below. Some changes were made by the chief engineer of the department, which, it is believed, will enhance the

58 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

