
to keep on the alert at Matagorda and Trespalacios and communicate with him constantly, but to retreat toward Columbia should the enemy advance up the Caney in sufficient force to make it dangerous for them to remain at Matagorda.

Colonel Duff's force will remain in observation until he ascertains that the advance of the enemy up the country will be likely to interfere with his joining the main force, when he will at once march as rapidly as possible to effect a junction with them. Colonels Anderson and Gillespie's command of state troops ell take post immediately at Velasco, and send back their horses to the earnest point where they can be foraged, sending 1 man to each 5 horses, keeping mounted companies enough to perform picket duty between Velasco and San Luis Pass. Colonel Townes' command will continue mounted and will continue to perform the duty they are now engaged in. General Slaughter is specially charged with the execution of the orders with regard to the State troops, and will consult with General Bee and assist him in carrying out the arrangements above indicated between the Bernarn and the San Luis Pass. General Slughter will, of course, be under the orders of General Bee. The major-general commanding will leave Galveston to-morrow morning, via Houston, for the Caney.

By order of Major General J. B. Magruder:

THEODORE HEERMANN,

Acting Chief Engineer, General Staff.

General Bee will not retreat from the Caney until the enemy, after a fight, shall have forced him to do so. Should the enemy have retired toward Decrow's Point, as reported in the last dispatches, General Bee will hasten the works of the Caney by all the means in his power. The order directing General Bee to send all the horses back 50 miles north of the Columbus railroad need not be executed, as he has reason to believe the enemy is advancing up the peninsula of Matagorda, as long as they can be supplied where they are.

By order of Major-General Magruder:

THEODORE HEERMANN,

Acting Chief Engineer, General Staff.

Lieutenant Yancey will issue without a moment's delay the necessary orders to insure the most promptly execution of the foregoing instructions, sending them by couriers on good horses, with orders to proceed to their several points of destination with the utmost dispatch.

By order of Major General J. B. Magruder:

[THEODORE HEERMANN,

Acting Chief Engineer, General Staff].
HDQRS. DIST. OF TEXAS, NEW MEXICO, AND ARIZONA,Galveston, January 25, 1864.

Major B. BLOOMFIELD,

Chief Quartermaster, Houston:

MAJOR: Major-General Magruder directs me to say that it is probable that the enemy is advancing up the peninsula toward Matagorda; that he must be opposed on the coast form the mouth of Caney to the Brazos. It is necessary to have corn in reach. He directs that you will order all the corn from Houston, and as it arrives

