
Brazos. The following indorsement, made by Major-General Magruder on this communication, I am directed to forward to you:

General Slughter says "300 men landed on the east side of the Braxos would encounter but little difficulty in getting possession of works," which he admits are defended by about 200 well-drilled troops and 296 State Troops. If that be the case in all or many instanced, the war would close by the inability of Southern troops to contend on equal terms with their enemies. The commanding general is well aware of the stations of the troops, and has much more confidence in their prowess than General Slughter, it seems.

STEPHEN D. YANCEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT WASHITA, CHOCTAW NATION,

January 29, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Ex Officio Superintendent Indian Affairs,

Commanding Dist. Indian Territory, Fort Towson, C. N.:

GENERAL: In the Grand Council of the United Nations, which meets February 1, a plan will be proposed to effect a peace between our Indians and all those of the prairies extending as far north as it is possible to communicate with them between this and spring, the time for holding the Grand Peace Council of the Prairies. This council has two objects in view; one is to establish peace and friendship between all the Indian tribes, to unite all and win them on our side; the other is, after the peace is effected, to make a raid into Kansas, and, if practicable, attack Humboldt, producing a diversion from our front. This matter is confined to the Indian tribes, yet intended to benefit the Confederate States as well as themselves. One difficulty presents itself in carrying out their plans-subsistence for the council; beef to feed the Indians on while in council. If our Indians make a peace with them, they are to cease making war upon Texas or any other part of the Confederate States. The frontier of the Indian country and the frontier of Texas (under present circumstances) might be better protected by policy then by arms. If you approve of their course, and could, as superintendent Indian affairs and commander of this district, cause them to be furnished with beef, and the Chickasaw and Seminole battalions sent to their council, the difficulty would be overcome, and those battalions sent to their council, the difficultly would be overcome, and those battalions, with such other forces as may choose to join them at the council, could enter Kansas from a southwest direction (a point they would not be looking for an enemy), surprise, and create a diversion which would evidently be in our favor. Please give this your early attention, and your reply, with any suggestions you may make, I will be pleased to present to the members of the council.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient,

I. G. VORE.

It is needless to say the expedition should be kept still.

[Indorsement.]

Answered, that General Maxey was favorable to the meeting in council of the Indians, and would furnish some beeves. Letter un-official, with the remark to answer more fully on return of the general commanding.

T. M. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

