HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, January 30, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: From last reports it appears probable that the enemy will soon withdraw from the lower Teche and concentrate his forces near New Orleans. A considerable number of his troops have recently been sent from Algiers to Baton Rouge, fearing perhaps an attack in the rear, as General Adams has recently moved to Clinton with his cavalry. Major Douglas has returned from Trinity, having selected that point for the Ouachita defenses.

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of Judge Richardson's letter on the subject of impressments. My attention was called to this subject by Mr. Fluitt, who recently visited me. He resides on the east bank of the Ouachita, opposite Columbia. I beg to inclose a copy of orders issued in the cases, the same having been sent to General Mouton. The lieutenant-general commanding has frequently expressed his opinion that all the transportation east of the Ouachita and Atchafalaya Riveres should be taken by the army. There can be no doubt that he is right, for it will fall into the hands of the enemy sooner or later and be used against us. I have not carried out has views hitherto, from weak considerations for the feelings of the people, who cannot be expected to admit the necessity, and who never will admit it until the enemy is at their doors. My correspondence with department headquarters will show that I am not unfeeling, and rather disposed to too much leniency. All the magnificent transportation in this region fell into General Banks' hands last spring, because I allowed my judgment to be affected by appeals form the owners, and believed their assurances that before the enemy reached them their mules and wagons would be moved out of the way.

It is now some eighteen months since I was assigned by the President to the command of this district, and I can safely assert that in that time I have never refused to listen to any complaint made to me. No person has ever applied to me for redress but has received a patient hearing and such relief as was possible or appropriate. I respectfully ask that when parties complain of my actions or of the actions of my officers, they should be directed to send their complaints to me. When these complaints are received at department headquarters, even for the purpose of reference to me, the implication is that my conduct requires investigation, and I stand in the light of an oppressor of private rights.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, January 29, 1864.

Brigadier General C. J. POLIGNAC,

Commanding Polignac's Brigade, Harrisonburg:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to call your attention to the inclosed quartermaster's receipt. I am further

59 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

