
Mr. Pierce was satisfied that an attempt would be made to rob the consulate and had great apprehensions for the safety of his family. The governor having officially notified me that he could not protect him, and believing that I could remove him without complicating matters, I sent the troops over, feeling satisfied that under all the circumstances I was only doing my duty.

During the fight the town and the road leading to the ferry was filled with robbers, doing a good business, and had Mr. Pierce attempted to cross without a guard he would have been robbed if not murdered.

Both parties are perfectly satisfied with my action, although Ruiz complained somewhat that I did not aid him, claiming that the Mexican troops once aided the citizens of Brownsville in repelling an attack of this same Cortina. He is undoubtedly a very bad man, and has committed a great many murders and depredations on this border.

Ruiz, General Rohez, and many of their officers are on this side of the river, refugees. Cortina is the acting governor, and will, it is said, raise a fund for his troops by a forced loan. Had Ruiz remained in power there is no doubt but that we could have stopped all trade between Matamoras and the rebels in Texas. At the same time Cortina informs me that he will do anything we want. The crossing of our troops has had the effect of frightening off all the Confederates in Matamoras. They did not like it, and I learn to-day look upon Matamoras as an unsafe place.

The news from the interior of Mexico is not important. General Bazaine is at San Augustine with 20,000 French and Mexican troops. He had pushed forward to San Felipe, but his advance meeting with a reverse there, he fell back to San Augustine, and is fortifying. His march was directed on San Luis Potosi, where Juarez had located, and distant from San Augustine 80 miles. General Uraga has, it is said, about 18,000 men near San Augustine, and is slowly falling back before the French.

President Juarez has removed from San Luis to Saltillo, having with him General Negrete and 3,000 men. General Alvarez [Mexican] is north of the City of Mexico with about 10,000 men, watching the movements of Miramon.

A very late dispatch from Vice-Consul Kimmey, at Monterey, states that Uraga had been taken prisoner by the French, and I have other late advices that Juarez is expected at Monterey on his way to Matamoras. His friends are looking for them here in fifteen days, and state that his headquarters will be at Matamoras. Governor Vidauri, of Nuevo Leon, is strongly opposed to the President, and is making a strong effort for the place. He is favored by General Uraga and the majority of Juarez's cabinet.

General Berman [?], who was in the U. S. service as a brigadier-general under Fremont, and is now chief of staff for Juarez, sails in Crescent for New Orleans. I do not know what his business is, but have an impression that it is to make arrangements with parties North for arms for the Mexicans. I had met the general North a good many times, and was somewhat astonished to find him in this country. I will keep you fully advised of Mexican affairs by each steamer.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General, Commanding.

