
vise General Mouton of your intentions to make the raid and that it meets the approval of the major-general commanding. The major-general commanding directs that while the force that makes the raid is in the vicinity of the Mississippi River you take advantage of it to secure all the good horses and mules you can get from persons who are known to be disloyal and working with the enemy, and that you will secure horses and mules even from loyal persons who are within the enemy's lines, or constantly exposed to raids from the enemy.

In taking horses and mules from loyal persons, however, within the enemy's lines or within reach of them, in no instance must such loyal persons be left without or deprived of mules and horses absolutely necessary to enable them to make crops of corn. Don't impress any stock west of Cross Bayou; let your impressment be confined to the neighborhood of Lake Concordia and the Mississippi River. If you come across any plantations worked by the enemy, take the able-bodied negro men from such and bring them up for government purposes. Intrust the matter of impressing stock to officers of discretion, so that while the purposes of the Government are subserved, loyal citizens will not be deprived of the horses and mules necessary for making corn. General Liddell has been directed to have the courier-line from Monroe to Alexandria changed to pass through Harrisonburg.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF ARKANSAS,Camden, February 1, 1864.

Colonel S. S. ANDERSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department Trans-Mississippi:

COLONEL: I have respectfully to request that I may be relieved from duty in the Department of Trans-Mississippi and ordered to report to the War Department for assignment to duty, and that in addition to my aides-de-camp, I may be authorized to take with me Captain J. W. Hinsdale, assistant adjutant-general. He can be readily spared, as there are four assistant adjutant-generals in my office besides him.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

T. H. HOLMES,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, March 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, approved, with the request that Major-General Buckner, Major-General Cleburne, or Major-General Stavenson may be assigned to the command of the District of Arkansas. General Holmes has honestly, zealously, and with unselfish patriotism administered to the wants of his district. His want of success has been in a great measure due to circumstances beyond his control. An active, energetic successor, who can win the confidence of the people and excite the enthusiasm of his troops, is wanted.

E. KIRBY SMITH,

Lieutenant-General.

