
stances it works great injustice. Good and deserving men fall, and accidental heroes rise in the scale, kicking their less fortunate brothers from the platform. But a truce to such philosophizing. I am not given to this view, and have been betrayed into it. I don't know how to get back to matters of fact.

I regret I did not know you were at home last week. I never knew it until this morning, when your farther (who is here on a mission of mercy to a hard case in the guard-house) told me. I have a fancy that the enterprize proposed by Jackson has pith in it, and I wanted you to see and talk to the man himself. How to surmount many difficulties I can perceive in the way I do not pretend to see; maybe I might if in your place. As it is, make no suggestions. I send, however, inclosed inside this a paper* written by him at my request. It will give you some little insight into the character of the man and what he proposes. We are without news (I take no heed of rumors). Write when you can. What said the Indians? What can and what will they do? Adios.

Truly, yours,

SAMUEL A. ROBERTS.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., February 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward herewith a report* of Major W. M. Levy, and earnestly recommend the same for immediate action. The outrages of the enemy during his late movements in the Attakpas region has induced the creole inhabitants for the first time in the war to manifest a desire to enter the service. I think there is no doubt that if immediate measures are adopted to take advantage of this feeling a good regiment of cavalry can be placed in the field in three weeks. We could then enforce the conscript act thoroughly in all this region of country, where it has been practically a dead letter from the universal hostility of the people.

The entire population of this Attakapas country is of French origin, and but few speak our language. This has increased the difficulty of operating on the revelings of patriotism. In addition, there are large numbers of arms in this region left by deserters from both armies. The men desiring to form these companies have most of these arms among them, and all have horses. The field officers suggested by Major Levy belong to the creole race, and have all served since the commencement of the war. As these companies are awaiting a decision, I respectfully ask for an early reply. There is no doubt, in my judgment, that this plan is the only one likely to utilize these men.

Your lieutenant servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.
HDQRS. CAV. DEPT. SOUTHERN MISS. AND EASTERN LA.,Jackson, Miss., February 2, 1864.

Colonel EDWARD DILLON, Commanding in Eastern Louisiana:

COLONEL: Your communication of the 29th ultimo is received and gives me a correct idea of your command. You have many diffi-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

