HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT NORTHEASTERN ARKANSAS, Batesville, Ark., January 16, 1864.

Captain T. J. MAJORS,First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry:

CAPTAIN: You will move by forced marches with the First Battalion, First Regiment Nebraska Cavalry, and cross Black River at any point above Jacksonport. You will without delay descend on the east side of Black River and surprise Jacksonport by a dash, surrounding the town and occupying all the roads leading out of it. Kill all the enemy's forces who refuse to surrender, and capture all who do. You will remain at Jacksonport until the steamer, in charge of District Quartermaster Thompson, gets safely past that point, sending up your prisoners on her in charge of some commissioned officers, and then return without delay to this station by the shortest route. If your rations give out live off the country, but be sure to give proper receipts for all you take.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. LIVINGSTON,

Colonel First Nebraska Cavalry, Commanding District.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, MO., January 16, 1864.

General FISK,

Commanding:

Will citizens of Arkansas, not engaged in armed rebellion, be permitted to come to this post and dispose of their produce and buy family supplies, or does circular from headquarters Department of the Missouri, provost-marshal's office, dated January 1, 1864, prohibit it? Please answer at once, as some such trade has been permitted and more will undoubtedly come.

J. B. ROGERS,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Saint Louis, January 16, 1864.

Colonel J. B. ROGERS,Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

Encourage such Arkansans to bring their productions to your post. Allow them to sell, buy, and get gain, and let all the people say, Amen!

CLINTON B. FISK,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, MO., January 16, 1864.

Major O. D. GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

A detachment of the Second Arkansas Cavalry, of 40 men, was in Searcy County on the 25th ultimo, and within 10 miles of Captain Worthington's command during its engagement on that day, but could not join him. On the following day this scout had an affair with the rebels at the county seat [Burrowsville], at which 6 rebels

