
respectfully submit the above suggestions to the lieutenant-general commanding and ask his favorable consideration of my several requests.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS F. DRAYTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HAVANA, February 3, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding, Texas:

GENERAL: The steamer Alice leaves here on the 5th instant for a port in your command, with army supplies, consisting in part of Enfield rifles, muskets, and powder. The long Enfield rifle is the best weapon of the kind I have yet seen. The muskets are strong and serviceable, though not in as good order as I should wish, yet the best muskets of be obtained in Havana. The steamer takes 540 of the former and 840 of the latter, with some short Enfields, making together about 2,000 guns. A schooner has just sailed for the Brazos, having on board, amongst other things, 600 Belgian muskets. Another schooner will leave in a few days and will take about 1,000 rifles.

The cargo of the Caroline Goodyear is now here for sale, and I shall exert myself, in the absence of Government funds to purchase for your department, to induce speculators to forward these arms to Texas, and hope to succeed. Mr. Heyliger, the gent at Nassau, writes me he has on hand and will ship to me at an early day, to be forwarded to you, 500 Enfields, with fixed ammunition, and has by authority of Government written to Bermuda for 5,000 others. As soon as these arms are received I will dispatch some vessel with them, and hope to be enabled to send a steamer. I inclose you a copy of that part of my note of Mr. Heyliger of the 30th ultimo* which refers to this subject. Had I the arms here now or funds to purchase could send you a splendid shipment. Mr. Stanard is now at Nassau; is expected here in a few days. Captain Da Ponte is still here. Your ordered relieving him and calling him to your headquarters was delivered by me in person to the captain the day of Mr. Stanard's arrival here from Matamoras.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. J. HELM.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT,Bonham, Tex., February 3, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Yours of the 29th ultimo is at hand. I do not expect you to send me troops from your command on the coast, which is now almost in sight of the enemy, but hope to get something through you from General Smith. You must remember how large my district is and that there are deserters in nearly every county in it, and they are not a few and have abundance of sympa-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

