
and every man that has any money about his house is scared to death, nearly, and several moneyed men have taken their money and gone where they feel more secure. I am not disposed to complian at my lot but certainly no other man is surrounded with more difficulties with as little means to meet and overcome them. I have no officers of the line in the district scarcely who know anything about military affairs, and the enrolling officers, conscript and state, as well as the most of the people, exhibit, as a general thing, more ignorance or knavery than any other people in the worls, I think. I have begged and still beg for a good inspector-general, and so far you have sent me Lieutenant-Colonel Riordan, who may be good man enough, but certainly fit for very little, if anything, as an officer. When Major Illingsworth gets back talk to him about this country and see if he thinks I overrate the difficulties here. I need a good inspector-general and two or three, or four times.

Well, it is now late at night and I must rest. I will not give up the ship nor "shorten sail to get off a lee shore," and neither personal ease nor personal danger shall keep me from doing my duty as far as I have the capacity and means, but feeling I have but little of either compared to the great demand for both, I can but feel uneasy for my country. For myself I have no care. If I can only see my country free and peace restored I am content.

My God help us to do over duty and serve our country.

Most respectfully and truly,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 29. Richmond, February 4, 1864.

* * * * *

XXXII. Major General John A. Wharton is transferee do the Trans-Mississippi Department, and will report to Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith, commanding that department, for assignment.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,

Shreveport, La., February 4, 1864.

Major W. H. THOMAS,

Chief of Subsistence, Trans-Mississippi Department:

MAJOR: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that depots be established at the following-named points, and that you place 50,000 rations at each: Calhoun, Ark., Minden, La., Sparta, La., Mansfield, La., Many, La., Huddleston, La., Jasper, Tex., San Augustine, Tex.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. BOGGS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

