
as the grass would permit. His objects is to create a diversion with the enemy at Fort Smith and Fort Gibson. This has been a favorite expedition with Colonel Watie for some time.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. ADAIR,

Colonel Second Cherokee Regiment.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF TEXAS, &amp;C., Numbers 36. Houston, February 5, 1864.

* * * * *

VIII. Brigadier General T. N. Waul, on the receipt of this order, will immediately proceed with such troops as he has, whether armed or unarmed, to Brazoria, and assume command of the troops assigned to him by General Orders, Numbers 217, now under command of Colonel A. Smith, reporting to Brigadier General H. P. Bee, or the commanding officer of the army in the field.

Should any of the troops with Brigadier-General Waul be mounted they will continue so temporarily.

* * * * *

[By command of Major General J. B. Magruder:

E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.]
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,

San Antonio, February 5, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

A. A. G., C. S. Army, Hdqrs. Major General J. B. Magruder:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that no further intelligence has been received concerning the reported forward movement of the enemy. Colonel Baird and Rev. Mr. Chamberlain arrived from San Patricio yesterday, having left thre on the sc January. They had heard nothing of the Yankees in that vicinity. A courier from Colonel Benavides brings dates up to the 29th January, but no definite news. The courier, however, says Mexicans report the enemy moving up the country by way of Sal-del-Rey, in the direction of Laredo, and that they were at Santa Anita. It seems they have been gathering horses. I directed Colonel Baird to proceed with his command to the neighborhood of Fort Merrill, and for the present to assume command at that point; told him I would give him detailed instructions. He opposed no objections; he left for his camp without seeing me, but directed me a note declining to receive orders from me until the pending question of rank should be settled. I replied, copies of which are herewith inclosed. I have no unkind remarks to make on the subject. I would have preferred for Colonel Baird to have raised the question at once, and not to have held it in abeyance until he had received arms, clothing, ammunition, money, &c., from my quartermaster.

Instructions have been forwarded to the proper officers to insure seizure and impressment of cattle and hogs, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.* The howitzers at Austin will be here shortly. Lieutenant Blow will also exchange Spanish muskets for Enfield rifles. Scouts are thorn out in front, and I hope to be able to ascertain the approach of the enemy in time to prepare to meet him.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

