
were killed, among them Captain Wright, and 4 wounded and 16 taken prisoners, First Lieutenant Hensley being one of them. Our loss in this affair, none.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF SOUTHWEST MISSOURI, Springfield, Mo., January 16, 1864.

Colonel PHELPS,Commanding at Cassville, Mo.:

I was not aware that any of the Fayetteville troops were so far east. They may flush the game, and may find more of it than they can take care of. In the scout to be taken, you or the officer in command will have to be governed a good deal by information obtained after you start and move in direction of the enemy. If no intelligence is gained of any enemy I would have the command move on the best and most direct road to Jasper; when there, information can be obtained of the whereabouts of the enemy and of the other commands. You can move with the command if you are of the opinion you can do more good there than anywhere else.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 16, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General GRANT,

Nashville, Tenn.:

The State of Iowa is in General Pope's command, and the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois in General Heintzelman's command.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

[JANUARY 17, 1864.-For Halleck to Grant, referring incidentally to operations in Banks' command, see Vol. XXXII, Part II, p.122.]

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

New Orleans, La, January 17, 1864.

1. As headquarters of this corps is now established in this city, you will make all reports and returns required directly thereto.

2. All administrative matters connected with artillery will require to pass through or be approved by the chief of artillery, Thirteenth Corps.

3. Orders emanating from the headquarters department and corps will be obeyed promptly, and when batteries are detached under command of post, district, and other commanders, such other commanders' orders will be obeyed without delay; but orders to battery commanders from other sources will be first sent to these headquarters for action.

By command of E. O. C. Ord, major-general, U. S. Volunteers, commanding:

A. B. SHARPE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

