
with recusant conscripts and jayhawkers, who have recently become very daring, and have direct communication with the U. S. forces in Natchez.

It is evident that the line of communication must cross Black River at Trinity or some point below. The major-general commanding directs that you use your endeavors to intercept this communication. If jayhawkers are taken in arms they will be summarily executed; if not, they will be sent in iron to these intercept this communication that any measures you may to intercept this communication be conducted with that secrecy which is essential to success.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. LE D. ELGEE,

Aide-de-Camp.

ALEXANDRIA, LA., February 8, 1864.

Major R. E. WYCHE,

Commanding Battalion:

MAJOR: For the purpose [of] reiterating instructions conveyed to you in a communication from these headquarters on 4th instant, a copy of said communication is herewith inclosed to you.* In addition to the directions contained therein, the major-general commanding directs that you will guard all the roads leading to Black River from this direction and the direction of Fort De Russy, but do it quietly, so as, if possible, to avoid having it appear that you are guarding the roads. Near Big Creek or on Big Creek, in the neighborhood of old man Ishy's, a little north of the road leading to Sulphur Springs, there are 4 deserters and conscripts. Endeavor to get hold of them; their names are Jackson Lewis, John Ishy, Philip Ishy, and one other name unknown. They are frequently about old man Ishy's house in the daytime; the old man himself may be subject to conscription. If you succeed in getting some of the men referred to then investigate him.

By command of Major-General Taylor:

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 8, 1864.

Brigadier General ST. JOHN R. LIDDELL,

Commanding Sub-Dist. Northern Louisiana, Monroe:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the district directs me to write you as follows:

First. Colonel Allen Thomas has been ordered to report to you in person, but before he left this portion of the State he was instructed to promulgate a general order to the troops of Allen's brigade, now in camps of rendezvous, permitting those who had reported voluntarily at such camps to return home on furloughs. The furloughs are to be inspected semi-monthly by some officer of the brigade designated for the purpose, and stationed in the same or adjoining parish of the

---------------

*See p. 944.

---------------

