
titles this to belief, that Admiral Farragut is fitting out an expedition to be conducted against the coast of Texas; that Matagorda Bay will be the rendezvous, and that in his fleet he has several light-draught iron-clads, which have been constructed specially for this expedition. I also learn that Major General W. T. Sherman has recently arrived at Vicksburg with 12,000 men, and that General Gresham, commanding at Natche, has taken to him front the latter place two regiments of white troops. Hence I believe that a movement from Vicksburg, perhaps toward Jackson, is contemplated, and the withdrawal of the troops from Natchez satisfies me that Sherman's corps is not intended to operate, at least for the present, west of the Mississippi.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

[FEBRUARY 9, 1864.-For address of Jefferson Davis to the soldiers of the Army of the Confederate States, see Vol. XXXII, Part II, p. 711.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS PRICE'S DIVISION, Numbers 9. Camp Sumter, February 9, 1864.

I. Plundering and marauding, at all times disgraceful to soldiers, when committed on the persons or property of those whom it is the duty of the army to protect, have been so frequent of late that the brigadier-general commanding feels compelled from a high sense of duty to resort to the most stringent measures to prevent the recurrence of them.

II. To this end cavalry patrols will be posted around the division, with directions to take up every soldier absent from his command without a written pass stating the extent of his leave and the place or house he is going to, and no such pass will be considered valid until approved at these headquarters.

III. Besides the ratio and conditions exacted by Circulares 4 and 5 from division headquarters, 1864, all applicants for leaves of absence or furloughs will be excluded from such indulgences if within three month previous to sid application they have been convicted of any offense before a court-martial.

IV. Safeguards will be given for the protection of persons and property whenever needed, with the assurance that every violation of them will be strictly enforced in accordance with the Fifty-fifth Article of War.

By order of Brigadier-General Drayton, commanding.

L. A. MACLEAN,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT.

Bonham, Tex., February 9, 1864.

Brigadier General H. P. BEE,

Commanding Division on Coast:

GENERAL: Captain Quantrill has been ordered to the coast and will send report to General Magruder. His company could not

