
In reference to the Indian forces referred to by General Cooper, it is undoubtedly the true policy to get them all into the service, and by a great deal of labor they can be made pretty effective, but they have had to move so often that they look upon a fight as necessarily followed by a retreat. If they had a first-rate steady brigade of infantry to rally upon and depend upon they would do well. One first-rate brigade of infantry would not only do the legitimate duty of a brigade, but would be of immense service as a rallying body for the less tutored Indian forces. This, however, I supposed is impracticable. From different sources I learn the enemy is pushing down toward Dallas. The necessary steps have been taken to ascertain strength, &amp;c. The Line road is not in my district, and I would not be responsible if the enemy enter Texas on it, yet I know the disastrous effect of such a movement, and have placed Gano's brigade even beyond my limits in Arkansas, the only available white fore I have, to meet it and if possible repel it. I am scarcely able to sit up long enough to finish this letter.

Respectfully, &c.,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] ELM GREEN, February -, 1864.

Brigadier-General MAXEY:

GENERAL: I think matters are progressing well at Armstrong Academy and will all come out right. In order to bring out the Third Choctaw Regiment speedily and on the proper basis, I have put the members of the grand council to work on the principal chief of the Choctaws. That council will, I think, insist under the Indian compact that all Choctaw troops shall be put at once in the field as regular Confederate troops for the redemption and defense of the whole Indian Territory. There has been no pretense of violation of the separate compact among the Six Nations, and will be none if the Choctaws stand up to it by raising all the men possible for the field, with no conditions, except that in the treaties with the Confederate States they are not to be marched beyond the Indian Territory without their own consent. Captain Wade is in favor of going into the Confederate service for operations in the Indian Territory and in Arkansas and Missouri, if necessary; so is Captain Thompson, another officer, formerly lieutenant in the First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment. I think the weight of the grand council will do the work.

Even admitting the failure of the Confederate States to comply with treaty stipulations and their inability at present o fulfill them, the compact, offensive and defensive, among the Indian nations stands intact and obligatory. This compact will be sustained, and they will be glad to have the C. S. Government to foot the bills, and this can only be done by putting all their warriors into the Confederate service. You will readily perceive that by bringing the grand council to bear upon the principal chief of Choctaws the grumblers be back on Monday or tuesday or send a confidential friend to keep this battery in full play upon them. Your speech had an excellent effect upon them. All are gratified and encouraged, especially those who have been forced from their homes, and hope to drive out the invaders and return to their country.

Respectfully and truly.

D. H. COOPER.

