
PORT HUDSON, LA., January 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General STONE,

Chief of Staff:

I feel secure against such force as you mention. I think that every reasonable precaution has been taken to guard against surprise.

GEO. L. ANDREWS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

PORT HUDSON, January 17, 1864.

Brigadier-General ANDREWS,

Commanding Post:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the condition of the artillery in position at the outer works of this post:

Battery No. 1: One 12-pounder howitzer; carriage good; wanting one pendulum hausse and one worm; one key chain in want of repair. One 12-pounder howitzer; carriage good; appendages and implements complete.

Battery No. 2: One 12-pounder howitzer; carriage old but serviceable; wanting one key chain and key, one reamer staff; sponge chain in need of repair; implements complete.

Battery No. 3: One 12-pounder howitzer; carriage good; one wheel poor; implements and appendages complete. One 12-pounder howitzer; carriage good; implements and appendages complete.

Battery No. 4: No guns.

Battery No. 5: Two light 12-pounder guns; carriages good; implements and equipments complete. One 24-pounder gun, rifled; carriage good; wanting one lock chain. One 24-pounder gun, smooth; carriage good: the head of the trail should be cut away to admit of the gun being properly depressed; two handles to elevating screw wanting.

Battery No. 6: One 9-inch Dahlgren; carriage complete; implements complete. One 6-pounder gun; carriage poor but serviceable; pendulum hausse cannot be attached as the screw holes have formerly been drilled wrong; implements complete. Two 3-inch guns, rifled; carriages good; wanting one breech sight; one key wants fitting; one elevating shrew should be set slightly forward to enable the piece to be worked easily; implements and appendages complete. One 6-pounder gun carriage; old but serviceable; wanting prolonged hooks and rummer staff; one sponge hook in want of repair; implements and equipments complete.

Battery No. 7: One 14-pounder gun, rifled; carriage good; implements and appendages complete. One 24-pounder howitzer; carriage good; wanting one pendulum hausse and one reamer staff.

Battery No. 8: One 6-pounder gun; carriage good; implements and appendages complete. One 6-pounder gun; carriage old but serviceable; key chain and key wanting; implements complete.

Battery No. 9: One 24-pounder gun, smooth; carriage new; wanting one handle to elevating screw; implements and appendages complete.

Battery No. 10: No guns.

Battery No. 11: One 24-pounder gun, rifled; carriage good; implements and appendages complete. Two 3-inch iron guns, rifled; carriages good; implements and appendages complete; breech sights could be improved.

