
P. S.-If arms can be furnished, I think the allied nations can put 8,000 men in the field. This is former wars would have been considered a considerable army, and even in this one, more gigantic in its proportions than any modern war, is an important addition to the forces of the Confederate States.

Give us arms and munitions and some steady troops as a nucleus and you will have an efficient corps, abundantly able to hold the Indian Territory.

C.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] ARMSTRONG ACADEMY, C. N., February 6, 1864.

General MAXEY:

SIR: Having an opportunity, I address you as follows: If it will not pu you to too much inconvenience I would like that you would oblige me with a copy of the noble address that you made to us on the 5th instant at this place. I would like to have it written out and have it read and interpreted fully to this convention, so that they may all understand it fully. You recommended that you wished we should take up all straggling white men that might be found in the nations, but you did not say what we must do with them. We should like to known what we shall do with them provided we take any up. You also wished that we should try and make peace and friends with the wild tribes of the West, which we are going to make an effort to make provisions so that we can try and effect something in that way.

We will have to send some 3 or 4 delegates from each one of the different confederated tribes, and would like that we could have the privilege of sending an escort of soldiers, as much as one company from each of our respective tribes, to secure safety should anything go wrong. Please let us know if we can be allowed the escort. We will also have to send to these tribes presents, such as trinkets, tobacco, &amp;c. Will you be good enough to assist us in securing the same? Please let me know immediately, so we can know how to act in this matter. Direct to me at this place or at Carriage Point, C. N.

Your friend and brother,

MOTY KANARD,

Late Chief Creek Nation.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] CAMP GARLAND, February 2, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY:

GENERAL: Please excuse my presumption for thus addressing you. I have been camped for some time, and the object of this letter is to get permission to spend a few months in active service. My request is that you permit me to select from my regiment 60 men. I will take the majority from my own company and proceed in the latter days of March to the main road leading from New Mexico and Arizona to Missouri. I am so well acquainted with the customs of New Mexico and Arizoan that I can safely say that there are trains of immense number snow lying at Fort Leavenworth and Saint Joe, loaded with valuable merchandise, and will, as soon as the grass gets

