
up, start across the plains. Those trains are run principally by citizens, and are without much escort. Now I propose to take the chances, attack those trains, run them within our lines, if possible; if not, burn them and bring in the stock.

I have good experience as a ranger, and am well posted with the geography of the country. I wish my object kept secret until the proper time, and should you favor my project, inform me soon, so that I may make necessary arrangements. There will be pack-saddles and mules required. I have a guide who knows the country; besides, my own knowledge is good.

Please give this your attention and let me hear from you soon, and oblige, you humble servant,

JNO. R. PULLIAM,

Captain Company B, Hardeman's Regiment.

P. S.-Where the road crosses the Arkansas River will be a good place to operate.

PULLAM.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 34. Shreveport, La., February 11, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. Brigadier General William Steele, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Major General J. B. Magruder, commanding District of Texas, &amp;c., for assignment to duty.

VIII. Brigadier General J. M. Hawes, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty in the District of West Louisiana, and will report to Major General J. B. Mugruder, commanding District of Texas, &c., for assignment to duty.

IX. Brigadier General T. N. Waul, Provisional Army, C. S., is relieved from duty in the District of Texas, &c., and will report to Major General R. Taylor, commanding District of West Louisiana, for assignment to duty.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,

San Antonio, February 12, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

A. A. G., C. S. Army, Major General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 8th instant a vedette of Captain Giddings, on post about a mile below Eagle Pass, was fired upon by a party of 10 or 15 armed men, supposed to be renegades from the Mexican side. He had ascertained these scoundrels contemplates tearing the horses of the garrison and attacked the place. He promptly adopted measures to repel their attack. He has arrested persons while attempting to cross to Mexico, and taken charge of their wagons and animals. I take pleasure in speaking in high terms of the activity, energy, and prudence he has evinced in the discharge of his duties. A great many persons are reported en

61 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

