
route for Mexico, with all the property they can carry. The disloyal and the timid are leaving us. I hope we shall be able to check this tide of emigration before it becomes formidable.

The small-pox is prevailing at Eagle Pass. There are but 20 men of Captain Weyman's company reported for duty. There is considerable difficulty in procuring corn; it is reported that the amount to be had on the Guadalupe is very small. Some farmers there have refused to sell for Confederate money. I instructed that it should be impressed in all such cases. Mexicans and others are buying corn to export to Mexico. Every conceivable shift is resorted to to prevent seizure. I hope we shall be able to impress it all. Lieutenant Burnes, who is acting under the orders of Captain Merritt, assistant quartermaster, has a good understanding with Colonel Lea. Wagons have been sent to transport corn to Helena. I am not apprised of the number of bushels in store there. Captain shave has not reported progress; he is on the Nueces. Captain Creed Taylor has reported a company, and has been ordered to Helena. Captain Fly is expected daily. Lieutenant Blow is at Austin; he will bring the pieces. Steps have been take to execute the instructions of the major-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

OPELOUSAS, February 13, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR, and

Governor H. W. ALLEN:

The affidavits forwarded to you herewith will explain the object of this note. The number of malefactors is daily increasing. Without the aid of the military forces of the Confederate States or of the militia the citizens of this parish are unable to protect themselves from the lawless men who in such large numbers have united from different portions of this State and from Texas. Their number is believed to amount to several hundred. Many people, through fear of their resentment, dare not take part against them. Many give them support. It is expected that you will act immediately in this matter.

Very respectfully,

HENRY L. GARLAND,

C. H. MOUTON.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, with the remark that my cavalry force is entirely inadequate to the suppression of these outrages, and I therefore earnestly urge the favorable action of the lieutenant-general commanding on an application recently made to organize a regiment under the command of Major L. Bush, which will be immediately assigned to the duty of clearing the country of these outlaws.

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

