
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] STATE OF LOUISIANA, Parish of Saint Landry:

Before me, the undersigned, justice of the peace in and for the parish of Saint Landry, personally came and appeared Felix Dejlan, who, being duly sworn according to law, do depose and say that on the night of the 12th of February, 1864, that 15 or 16 armed men came to his house, about 5 miles west of the town of Opelousas, and robbed him of 3 horses, 1 saddle, 2 double-barrel guns, and a quantity of clothing; the deponent cannot identify the robbers, but believes them to be jayhawkers.

F. DEJLAN.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 13th day of February, A. D. 1864.

JOHN MACDONALD,

Justice of the Peace.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] STATE OF LOUISIANA, Parish of Saint Landry:

Be it know that this day, the 13th of February, 1864, before me, the undersigned, justice of the peace in and for the above-named parish and State, personally come and appeared Treville P. Guidny, of the said parish and State, who, being duly sworn according to law, declared that, being at his mother's house in this parish of Saint Landry, about 8 miles west of the town of Opelousas, on Friday, the 12th, a squad of armed men numbering 7, of whom 5, to with, Don Louis Godeau, Agile Myers, Edouard Simon, Maxilimien Guillory, and -Ardoin, were known to affiant, came there. That they were under command of a man unknown to affiant, and whose name was denied to affiant, although he demanded it several times. That said armed men forcibly entered the premises and dwelling house of affiant' another of the purpose, as they declared, of procuring arms. That said armed men declared their intention in so arming themselves was to attack the company of Captain Hargroeder, in Opelousas. That they forcibly took away a wagon loaded with corn from said affiant's mother's place, the said wagon being the property of Dr. John A. Taylor. That they carried away from same place 2 horses, 1 saddle and bridle, the property of Joseph B. Young and of Houston Young.

That, as affiant learners from his wife, who was at the house of her father, Madison Young, about 1 miles distant from affiant's mother's, on the same day and at about the same hour, a squad of about 15 armed men proceeded to said Madison Young's house, forcibly entered the same, robbed Houston Young of all his clothed and of $200, robbed Madison Young of a large lot of tobacco. That affiant's wife did not know any of said squad. That, as affiant learners from Christopher Steele, who resides about 1 mile from affiant's mother's, a squad of 10 armed men went to his house and, presenting their guns to this breast, ordered him to give up his arms to them, which said Steele accordingly did.

T. P. GUIDNY.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 13th of February, A. D. 1864.

JOHN MACDONALD,

Justice of the Peace.

