
[Inclosure Numbers 5.] THE STATE OF LOUISIANA, Parish of Saint Landry:

Personally appeared before the undersigned authority Francois Savoy, of said parish and State, who, being duly sworn according to law, says and deposes that he was out in Prairie Hayes, in said parish, on Government business, for the purpose of obtaining beeves for the Government, he, the deponent, being a detailed soldier for that purpose. That while in said prairie a band of armed men rode up hastily to deponent and halted him and asked him if he belonged to any company, and that if he did not belong to the jayhawekrs they must take him to their camp, assigning as a reason for doing so that they did not want the authorities to know what they were about. That he replied that he was not a soldier, and belonged to no company. They them told him that they would let him go if he promised not to inform on them. That he made the promise. They then told him should they ever find him on the prairies and hear that he had informed on them they would kill him. He was moreover asked by them whether he had any arms; he proved to them that he had none. They then proceeded to take away his spurs. They afterward asked him if he knew where they could get good horses, as they intended to take all they could find. They further told him that they were acting under orders to one certain Ozeme Carriere; that in letting him go they would have to keep it a secret from Carriere to keep [him] from punishing them, as they had strict orders from the said Corriere to arrest every man they found on the prairies. They further told him they would take away his horse, but they considered him worthless. He further deposes that these men were all armed and mounted; that among them there were some free negroes.

F. SAVOY.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 13th February, 1864.

E. D. ESTILETTE,

Justice of the Peace.

P. S.-Also appeared G. W. Hudspeth and Omer Poiret, of said parish, who upon their oath say that they are well acquainted with Mr. Francois Savoy, who subscribed the foregoing affidavit, and they know him to be a reliable gentleman.

GEO. W. HUDSPETH,

OMER POIRET.

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 13th February, 1864.

E. D. ESTILETTE,

Justice of the Peace.
HEADQUARTERS ENROLLING OFFICER,Parish of Saint Landry, Opelousas, February 13, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding District West of Louisiana:

GENERAL: Yesterday, it seems, the jayhawkers, having collected their forces, swept over the country known as Plaquemine Ridge, robbing the inhabitants in many instances of everything of value they possessed, but taking particularly all the fine horses and good

