
them. Should this thing be allowed to go on my length of time, you can depend upon it a most fearful state of things will exist.

Hoping to hear that you will send a force to our assistance, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. LYONS,

Captain, Commanding Paroled Prisoners.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT OF TEXAS,Bonham, Tex., February 14, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have just learned that Dr. Penwell, who left here for the Federals with a party, has been arrested and is now at Laynesport. If it can be done under any semblance of law, he should be tried by court-martial over there and brought here and executed for the benefit of this community. The Choctaws pounced upon his party near Dallas, Ark., killed several, and took 8 prisoners. This is a very fortunate circumstance, and if the prisoners could be executed it would prove very beneficial to the country. There is but little doubt about my brush men being connected with these movements, or that a large number at least of them know all about them and sympathize with them.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 15, 1864.

Major-General TAYLOR,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you that intelligence deemed reliable has been received at these headquarters that a band, or perhaps several bands, of men calling themselves "Quantril's men" are committing serious depredations on citizens living on the Bayou Bartholomew and other points east of the Ouachita River. It is reported one of these bands hung a few days ago a Dr. Merriwether, who is reported to be a loyal citizen. The agent of the commissary department in that region reports these bands are seriously embarrassing his operations in the collection of hogs, and that he is apprehensive of a more decided interference on their part.

Your attention is called to these reports for investigation and redress of the evils, if they are found to exist.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. WILLIAMSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HOUSTON, February 15, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS:

The enemy is from 15,000 to 20,000 strong at least, and fortified on the coast of Texas, and from the best information from all quarters, I am assured that he is being largely re-enforced, and will attempt

