
the conquest of Texas this spring or summer. Under the circumstances I have the honor to request that Major General John A. Wharton be ordered to the District of Texas, &amp;c., to report to me for duty, without delay. I have received petitions for his presence from all quarters, and no event will inspire greater confidence in the success of our struggle in the minds of the troops and people of Texas than would the arrival of General Wharton. I cannot too strongly urge this request upon the favorable consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding, and of the President. I respectfully request that this communication be sent by a special messenger to Richmond.

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 46. Houston, February 15, 1864.

* * * * * * *

X. Brigadier General Thomas Green is hereby relieved from the command of Galveston, and will proceed to the Caney and assume command of Brigadier-General Bee's forces.

Brigadier-General Bee, on being relieved, will proceed to Houston, Tex., under orders previously issued from these headquarters.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,

San Antonio, February 15, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

A. A. G., C. S. Army, Major General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that from reliable information there appears to be danger of an attack by renegades upon the post of Eagle Pass. Captain Giddings reports, on the 11th instant, that he has a spy on the other bank, and that he is satisfied they are organizing a force of renegades and men from Brownsville. He says:

To-day one party of 27, and another of 17, rode into the plaza, inquired for the American consul, and said they wee yankee soldiers. All were armed with new six-shooters, belts, guns, &c. * * *

They say they are 300 strong, and that on Saturday night they will "clean us up and take all the cotton." Captain G. thinks they do not number more than 200, and is of opinion that he is prepared to repel their attack. Colonel Benavides was at Eagle Pass and has directed 60 men to re-enforce the garrison. He will remain there for a short while.

Captain Edgar informs me that he has heard nothing from Major Alexander concerning the movements of the Yankees. Upon his return we shall ascertain whether they are advancing. I wrote to major Riordan, who has charge of some men in Uvalde County. He promised me to watch the El Paso road closely; he sends 3 men every three days to the Rio Grande, thence to the road, &c. Unless the commissioners are enabled to adjust matters promptly it will be difficult to subsist troops and forage animals at Eagle Pass. The Mexican authorities have announced the policy of non-intercourse.

