
I shall endeavor to forward supplies from this point, but I do not think a sufficiency can be sent. Lieutenant Burnes reports that he has collected but 4,300 bushels corn. I fear the whole quantity we shall find available will be less than 10,000 bushels. Major Dickinson's eye incapacitates him from doing business.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NORTHERN SUB-DISTRICT.

Bonham, Tex., February 15, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: General Cooper wrote me on the 13th, 200 or 250 of the enemy were within 45 miles of Boggy Depot. This morning he writes me that they are within a very short distance of that place, and that Fort Washita is in great danger, and to send him such force as I can spare as early as possible. The State troops just this morning accoutered for thirty days, except a company of cavalry which organized out of the conscripts, which I have mustered into service to-morrow and hold for the present. I have directed Quantrill to march from Preston to Fort Washita at once, and Colonel Bourland to throw his disposable force to Preston and thence on the Cornage Point as early as possible, while I assemble all the companies of Colonel Martin's regiment that I can collect at this place in order to advance from here in case General Cooper has to fall back toward Red River. I can but regard it as a cavalry raid, which, I think, can be checked before it reaches Red River; but I would not be surprised if they take Boggy Depot and Fort Washita, with all the stores of both places. I will do the best I can with the means I have, but with very few men and very few caps and fewer guns than men, I cannot do much.

Dr. Penwel and his party have been attacked, several killed, and he with several others taken prisoners, and I learn are on their way here. I have urged General Maxey to try them be military court and shoot the last one of them, and if he does not and sends them to me, I respectfully request the major-general commanding to order a court here for same purpose. This may be and is a case for the civil law, but the the great interest of the country demands summary action, and I am clearly of the opinion that a military court would be the best in this case.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY E. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Northern Sub-District.

[Indorsement.]

MEMORANDUM FOR CAPTAIN TURNER, ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Order a court-martial. Those subject to military service can be tried, and those who are not can be, as spies attempting to carry across our lines information to the enemy. Major fountain will at once send to General McCulloch the 300 arms he wishes, i. e., 100 Enfield and 200 rifles.

