
Battery No. 12: One 6-pounder gun; carriage good; implements and appendages complete.

Battery No. 13: One 6-pounder gun; carriage good; wanting one key chain for worm; implements complete.

Battery No. 14: One 6-pounder gun; carriage old but serviceable; wanting one sponge chain and one reamer staff; implements complete.

Battery No. 15: One 20-pounder Parrott; carriage good; implements and appendages complete. One 6-pounder gun; carriage good; wanting prolonged hooks and sponge chain; implements complete.

Battery No. 16: One 12-pounder howitzer; carriage good; wanting one reamer staff, one key chain and key; implements complete. One 24-pounder howitzer; carriage good; wanting one sponge staff; sponge chain needs repair; implements complete.

Battery No. 17; One 24-pounder howitzer; carriage good; wanting one sponge staff and one pendulum hausse; sponge chain needs repair; implements complete. One 12-pounder howitzer; carriage good; implements and appendages complete.

Battery No. 18: One 24-pounder howitzer; carriage good; wanting one sponge staff and pendulum hausse; one key chain and key in want of repair; implements and appendages complete.

All the above carriages are in want of paint.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. TRASK,

Lieutenant, Acting Ordnance Officer.
HDQRS. U. S. FORCES ON THE RIO GRANDE, Brownsville, Tex., January 17, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: An English man-of-war has arrived off the mouth of the Rio Grande, direct from Vera Cruz, and reports a French expedition fitting out at that place for Matamoras. They say the fleet will be at the mouth of the river in ten days. I will get any further information in regard to the matter that can be had and forward to you.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. HERRON,

Major-General.

HDQRS. FOURTH ARKANSAS MOUNTED INFY. VOLS., Batesville, January 17, 1864.

Captain FILLEBROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: The detail sent out from this regiment to protect Mr. G. W. Arden returned a few moments ago without casualty. They proceeded to his residence, and finding all quiet there moved over cautiously to where the gang were to concentrate before they made the

7 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

