
BOGGY DEPOT, CHOCTAW NATION,

February 15, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. McCULLOCH,

Commanding Northern Sub-District:

GENERAL: It is reported that the enemy camped in 30 miles of this place last night and are advancing in this direction. There is a large amount of ammunition and commissary stores at Fort Washita, and I would respectfully request that you send all the troops that you can spare directly to that place for its protection. I have concentrated all the forces I have at this place and at Washita, but owing to the scattered condition of the command it will be impossible to assemble a sufficient force to drive the enemy back. If Colonel Bourland's command could be ordered immediately to that post they would be of great service in its defense.

Very respectfully,

D. H. COOPER,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 39. Richmond, Va., February 16, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XII. 1. Some officer selected for the purpose by General Joseph E. Johnston will proceed to the Trans-Mississippi Department and collect and bring to their proper commands, now in the Army of Tennessee, all the officers and men now there belonging to the Sixth, Seventh, and Tenth Texas Infantry and the Fifteenth, Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-fifth Texas Dismounted Cavalry.

2. All officers belonging to the above-named regiments now in the Trans-Mississippi Department inferior in rank to the officers selected by General Joseph E. Johnston will, after being served with a copy of these orders, report immediately to him and give him all the aid in their power in the execution of these orders.

All superior in rank to the office as selected will report without delay to General Joseph E. Johnston. Those failing to do so within sixty days after due notice will be dropped from the rolls of the C. S. Army.

3. Lieutenant General E. K. Smith, commanding, &amp;c., will issue such orders as may be necessary to secure the prompt collection of the fractions of said regiments now in his department, and will facilitate in every practicable way an immediate and complete execution of these orders.*

4. Quartermasters and commissaries of subsistence will issue such requisitions on their respective departments as the officer selected by General Joseph E. Johnston may make for the transportation and subsistence of said men.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Smith to Cooper, April 14, Part III.

---------------

