
have thought proper to form new ones, the latter being estimated at about three regiments. The object of this communication is to afford all the information necessary upon this subject to the President and the Secretary of War, as we are of the opinion that an attempt will be made to induce the President to forego his claims upon these conscripts, which we think would be disastrous to the public service. I beg, therefore, that you will lay this communication before Lieutenant-General Smith, with the request that he will forward it by special messenger to the authorities at Richmond, with such indorsement as he may deem proper to make.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. MAGRUDER,

Major-General, Commanding District of Texas, &amp;c.

P. S.-At the time the Governor insisted on the principle alluded to the enemy opposed to us was known to be greatly superior in numbers, and this superiority was increased twofold by his action.

J. B. M.

SPECIAL ORDES, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 47. Houston, February 16, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XII. Brigadier General H. P. Bee having been directed in Orders, Numbers 46, paragraph X, to report to these headquarters with a view of acting as a member of an important court of inquiry, and his services being no longer necessary on that court, he will remain in command of his forces in the field, and Brigadier General Thomas Green will report to him for duty.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT, Numbers 5. Sheverport, La., February 18, 1864.

No impressment of property within the Trans-Mississippi Department will be made without written authority from the department commander, the district commanders within their respective district, or the commanding officer of an army in the field. In all cases of impressment, the authority must be shown by the parties impressing.

By command of Lieutenant General E. Kirby Smith:

S. S. ANDERSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 18, 1864.

Brigadier General W. R. BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In reply to letter 1998 [February 15], from department headquarters, I have the honor to report that the outrages committed by men of Quantrill's command in my district have al-

