
ready been brought to my notice and steps taken to stop them. One officer and 7 men are now in arrest at Monroe, and Brigadier-General Liddell is ordered as soon as he has secured all who can be captured to send them to department headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 18, 1864.

Major General J. G. WALKER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to say that in the absence of cavalry he desires, if possible, you will employ infantry against the jayhawkers. It will require but a few days, and whatever is done ought to bo done at once. Cavalry with trail dogs are operaign at the upper end of the swamp in which they are concealed, and co-operation by a force on the Red and Black River fronts would completely cut them off.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. SURGET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 19, 1864.

Major R. E. WICHE,

Commanding First Batt. Vol. Cav., Louisiana State Troops:

MAJOR: Information has been received at these headquarters that on Tuesday last, 16th instant, 20 jayhawkers crossed Black River, with the intention probably of resuming their depredations in the country between Black and Red Rivers.

It has been ascertained that Captain Boyd was carried across the river in taking Captain Boyd to Natchez are among the 20 who crossed the river on 16th instant; their names are River, Paul, Durham, White, and Johnson. These men when they crossed Black River on Tuesday last took the route by the upper end of Lake Larto and Holloway's Prairie. The major-general commanding directs that you will string every nerve to get hold of these men. You were instructed some days ago from these headquarters with regard to Michael Paul and to capture him, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter sent to Captain G. W. Smith.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 19, 1864.

L. REIVES, Esq., Bauou Boeuf:

SIR: There are a number of jayhawkers in the vicinity of Catahoula Lake and Little River, very troublesome to loyal citizens and defying civil and military authorities. They are difficult to capture

