
only from the fact when pursued by cavalry they take the swamp. The officers assigned to the duty of ridding the country of these jayhawkers are under the impression that negro dogs would be a valuable acquisition to them, and Major-General Taylor, understanding that you have a pack, respectfully asks that you will loan them to Major R. E. Wyche, commanding First Battalion Louisiana Volunteer Cavalry. If you will loan them, please deliver them to the bearer of this, Private Allen Brown, and if you could come with the dogs, or send some on that they would follow, it would be best. By complying with this request you will confer a favor on the major-general commanding and be doing your country a service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. MAY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Similar letter sent to Stephen Rutherford, esq., Bayou Boeuf.)
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST LOUISIANA,Alexandria, February 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Since my last report there has been no change in the movements or position of the enemy. Brigadier-General Polignac, whose brigade is covering the defensive works at Trinity and Harrisonburg, recently moved with a part of his command upon Vidalia. He drove in the enemy, captured and brought off some mules and cattle, and broke up the Yankee lessees who had rented plantations along the river and on Lake Concordia. This last was the principal object of his move. General Liddell's instructions look also to this object, as it is of great moment to prevent the colonization of our lands by these foreign abolitionists. Colonel Vincent, commanding on the Teche, reports the enemy still at Franklin with two brigades. A large part of this force is mounted, and from time to time drives our pickets back to near Iberia. Colonel Vincent's force is entirely inadequate to the service it is called on the perform. With his regiment he is watching the enemy in front, guarding the lower Atchafalaya and Courtableau to prevent trade in cotton, and has sent a squadron to operate east of the Atchafalaya. The jayhawkers west of Opelousas are becoming very bold, and unless speedily put down will ravage that whole country. I can do nothing until I have more cavalry at my disposition. A squadron of cavalry is much required on the Mermentou and Calcasieu Rivers to prevent illicit traffic.

Captain Boyd, engineer, whose disappearance was reported, was taken to Natchez and sold to the Federals. Strange to say he was not robbed, though he had some $5,000 of Government money on his person. He sends me word he is trying to be sent to New Orleans, as he can there under existing arrangements be exchanged. The Federals recently made a raid with some 200 cavalry into the Grossetete country for the purpose of obtaining horses and mules. I had just removed the surplus animals from that country in anticipation of this event, so that the enemy accomplished nothing. During the removal of these animals by my orders the owners complained most bitterly and used every argument and made every appeal to induce

62 R R -VOL XXXIV, PT II

