
fleet, should the expedition on Mobile fail. *He suggests that you keep your command as well mobilized as possible, especially the cavalry division under General Green, which should be at all times ready to move, so that it can be thrown with the utmost dispatch to any point where the enemy's advance may make their services necessary.* The lieutenant-geneal commanding directs me to say that the system of deport ordered to be established, and with reference to which General Boggs will write to you fully, is made to facilitate a prompt movement of troops from Louisiana to Texas or from Texas to Louisiana.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,San Antonio, February 21, 1864.

Captain THEODORE HEERMANN,

Aide-de-Camp to Major-General Magruder:

SIR: In pursuance of your directions, I have the honor to report that authority to raise and organize a force reached me December 27, 1863; that I immediately addressed communications to different influential citizens authorizing them to form companies. under these ordes, and under my control, eleven companies have been organized and reported to have 60 men each, but I estimate the aggregate of the seven companies at 280 men. He is endeavoring to bring ten companies into the field and will succeed. Will elections be ordered for field officers, or will the major-general commanding appoint? If the latter method is adopted, I should be pleased should the major-general commanding allow me the privilege of recommending some names.

I shall more than redeem my promise that I would raise and organize 1,000 men. I assigned Captain C. H. Merritt to duty as chief quartermaster of the command. He has displayed considerable activity and great capacity for business. I refer to his report, + here within-closed, for details. Captain Shive was assigned to duty in the field as acting commissary of subsistence and acting quartermaster. He has been on the Nueces preparing to slaughter and dry 60,000 pounds of beef. He has impressed transportation and shown himself an able officer. Sacks have been forwarded and we are having 2,000 bushels of corn ground near Helena. Captain Littleton has been very effective in procuring teams, collecting supplies, &amp;c. He has acted under ordes from Captains Merritt and Shive. Captain Alsbury has been on duty here. He has forwarded rations of subsistence of Eagle Pass, Lagarto, &c. Mr. E. B. Edmunds, agent of Major Maclin, chief purchasing commissary, will furnish all the subsistence stores he can. Colonel White has appointed a special agent to purchase beef for the command. We have on hand some 10,000 pounds of hard bread. Colonel Benavides is collecting stores at Laredo. Cap-

---------------

*An extract embracing portions between asterisks inclosed in Smith to Davis, June 11. See Part I, p. 478.

+Not found.

---------------

