
attack. Here they arrested a notorious character named Bob Porter, and had hardly had him secured when 2 horsemen came dashing up toward the house. Fired into them, wounding both, but only getting one, who subsequently proved to be a man by the name of Lloyd, an armless man that was lately residing in this city. The other was a Captain Wood, who received two shots, one in side and the other in the face. He reeled and staggered in his saddle and his horse ran away with him. Think it altogether probable that his wounds will prove fatal.

Armless Lloyd received one shot on the chin and the other in the leg, both rather slight, and he will recover. He could not ride and we were compelled to leave him at the first house, Mrs. Porter's, with instructions to report to provost-marshal by Tuesday next, to which he promised a faithful compliance. I have since learned that his wife is in the neighborhood [at Mrs. Carmon's, I believe], and it's my impression that he will not report. This affair took place about midnight. Lloyd urged that he was just asked to take a ride with the captain, "and was no bushwhacker at all." I suppose he accompanied the others for a portion of the anticipated spoils. When fired into they both exclaimed. "My God, you are firing into your own friends." I think Lloyd repeated this twice. The citizens that I questioned on the road, together with Bob Porter, unite in saying that he is frequently with guerrilla bands. He had on a full-dress Confederate uniform under a faded army [Federal] coat. Wood had on a Federal cavalry coat.

We then road around the country in quest of some rebel soldiers that were reported near the residence of Bob Childers, but failed to find them. Early this morning, unfortunately, Bob Porter succeeded in eluding the vigilance of the guard and made good his escape, much to our regret. The sentry stationed over him was verdant and allowed him more privileges than was ordered. He is a sharp, desperate character, and I very much regret his escape. I could not learn anything specific in regard to the whereabouts of the enemy. Porter stated that they were all to concentrate at Clinton, 60 miles from the post. Killingsworth, second lieutenant, Captain West's company, is reported near Buck Horn with about 20 men. The above I got mostly from Porter, but I have heard it confirmed since by a member of Lieutenant Wallard's company of this regiment, just returned from the enemy. Porter thinks there will be about 1,000 there [Clinton] on Wednesday next.

Got Lloyd's horse and Porter's, with one good saddle; no arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN BEEM,

Actq. Adjt. Fourth Arkansas Mounted Infy. Vols.

[Indorsement.]

Where is Clinton? Answer.

R. R.[LIVINGSTON.]

About 45 miles south of west of Batesville; country east of Van Buren County, Ark.

Respectfully,

MARTIN BEEM,

Acting Adjutant Fourth Arkansas.

