
tain Graham, collector of taxes in kind, has agreed to furnish some bacon. I am of opinion that these arrangements will suffice to furnish supplies of subsistence and transportation.

Rations of forage cannot be had, unless some other means of supply offer themselves than I now know of. The late rains beyond the Nueces will cause the grass to spring up and will enable us to operate upon a very small ration of corn. Captain Samuel, ordnance officer, has been efficient and industrious. His report is herewith inclosed.* I shall place Captain Cotton's company of Lieutenant-Colonel Showalter's regiment on artillery duty. Captain Christmas and his offices are all absent on duty. Lieutenants Blow and Gardiner are at austin to procure and transport artillery ammunition, &amp;c. The others are recruiting. I regret that no effort has been sufficient to procure men for the battery. I knew if they were detailed contrary to inclination they would desert. There is a prospect that the battery will soon be ready for the field.

I have endeavored to infuse spirit and energy into all the departments, to arouse the people an induce them to volunteer. My efforts have not been altogether fruitless. A sense of security and confidence has been restored, a determination to resist has been encouraged, and will produce results. Eagle Pass has been saved from falling into the hands of the renegades by the timely appearance of Captain Giddings' command and his appropriate dispositions. The line designated in a previous report will be occupied. The occupation of Devil's River is essentially necessary. It would protect Eagle Pass and San Antonio from a column moving from El Paso and secure my rear.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, February 22, 1864.

Major General J. B. MAGRUDER,

Commanding District of Texas, &c.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to say the ordnance department here is out of powder for small-arms, and he wishes you to send to Major T. G. Rhett, chief of ordinance and artillery at this place, all the powder for small-arms you can possibly spare. He desires it sent with as little delay as possible.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. WILLIAMSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 22, 1864.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I am directed by the lieutenant-general commanding to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 20th instant, and private letter of same date. In reply, he instructs me to say he

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

