HEADQUARTERS CABELL'S BRIGADE,February 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General MARMADUKE, Candern:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the information given me by Colonel De morse in reference to the advance of a party of Federals to Dallas, in Polk County, is incorrect. Major Forsyth the commander of the scout I sent out on the 18th, returned to-day, having scouted as far as the Ouachita, 10 miles beyond Dallas. He reports no Fedrals in that county, and none this side of Waldron. The Federals are evidently threatening Boggy Depot, in General Maxey's department. No other new. My command is getting along very nice. A good many of my horses are dying from some cause that I an unable to account for.

Yours,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General.

This colonel, in command of Maxey's brigade, is a terribly incompetent man. Sent a courier in haste to me to move up with 1,000 men and join him in attacking the Federals. Yesterday morning he had his artillery practicing, which, of course, alarmed the whole country, and, I must confess, made me think that I would be into a little work myself in a few days.

W. L. C.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., February 24, 1864.

Lieutenant General E. K. SMITH, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Plans have been arranged with Honorable Mr. Mitchell, Senator from Arkansas, who has taken special interest in the subject and been commissioned by me with the general supervision, to send parties from time to time with arms and funds across the Mississippi Rive to your department. He will either pass the river himself or, through his agent, communicate his arrangements to you, and you are requested to concert with him for the adequate protection and means of rapid transportation for the munitions and funds from the time they reach the west bank of the river.

Among the arms expected to be sent over will be a limited number, which will be designated by Mr. Mitchell, under the instructions of the ordinance officer in charge, which are specially intended for the Indian Territory, and are to be placed on the west bank of the river, under the special charge of Major Leflore, agent of the Indian nations, who will accompany them. You are desired to afford protection and assistance in the transportation of these arms to the Indian country, and to see that they are nigher interrupted by raids nor diverted to any other purpose. It is deemed of grave moment that these arms should reach the Indian country undisturbed, and thereby remove a ground of serious complaint and discontent which is threatening disturbance among the Indians.

I need not bespeak for Senator Mitchell, should he pass the river, the consideration and aid to which his character, zeal, and the important ends of his present mission justly entitle him.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

