
Lacy, dated Shreveport, February 14, 1864, made by order of the commanding general, for the progress made in the organization of the bureau at the time of my entry on duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLEMENT D. HILL,

Major and Chief Insp. Field, Trans., Dist. Trans-Miss.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 24, 1864.

Major General R. TAYLOR:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the lieutenant-general commanding to inclose you the accompanying official copy of a letter* received this morning. The statement of General Polk's views in regard to crossing the arms are considered reliable. The lieutenant-general wishes you to co-operate with him in the manner indicated if you think it practicable and proper. You should communicate the contents of the letter to the officer of your command who has charge of the crossing of arms. The general desires a report of the operations of your forces that have been engaged in crossing arms, stating the number crossed and what disposition has been made of them.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

GEO. WILLIAMSON,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DEPARTMENT,Shreveport, La., February 24, 1864.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES,

Commanding District of Arkansas:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of communication+ from Governor Flanagin, asking that Colonel Brooks be allowed to take 500 or 600 cavalry to Northwestern Arkansas for the purpose of interrupting the elections to be held there in March under Federal protection. The commanding general commends to your consideration the importance of accomplishing the objects contemplated by Governor Flanagin, and desires you, if you can do so without interfering with your operations in the field, to send such number of men as you may think proper, under such officer as you may select, to Northwestern Arkansas for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. CUNNINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD,Camp sidney Johnston, February 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff:

SIR: I returned on yesterday from Matagorda. While there some excitement was created by the appearance of a large gun-boat, which came to a point about 3 miles from the obstructions of Dog Island Bar, but returned in the afternoon. A false alarm that night was

---------------

*See Polk to Smith, p. 947.

+Not found.

---------------

