
created by a boat that had been below with supplies for our pickets attempting to come in without making a proper signal. I inspected the guns-boats under the charge of Captain Marmion, and found them in as efficient state as their characters would admit of-boats clean, guns in good order, ammunition properly care for; crews apparently efficient, marines having been lately detailed from the troops in the field, still new to their position, but all seemed ready to meet the enemy.

I found Captain Marmion an intelligent, industrious, and capable officer, his papers in good order and kept with system an regularity. He has rendered faithful service in putting the boats in state of defense with the most limited means. It seems to me very probable that the enemy will attack with launches some dark night, and would respectfully suggest that an earth-work be erected on the shore to receive the two Dahlgren howitzers now on the schooners Dale and Buckhardt, and that they be placed out of commission.

The position would command the obstructions on Dog Island Bar at close range. The vessels named are very good of their class, but very low on the water, carry but few men, and could be more easily boarded than the steamers. Captain Rugeley has a good company of about 60 men on duty at Matagorda. I was pleased with the condition and bearing of his men.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. P. BEE,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF TEX., N. MEX., AND ARIZ., Numbers 55. Houston, February 24, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XI. Colonel Terrell's regiment will proceed to and take post at Galveston until further orders.

By command of Major-General Magruder:

EDMUND P. TURNER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE WEST LOUISIANA,

Alexandria, February 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General BOGGS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that intelligence just received from Colonel Vincent shows considerable increase in the enemy's force on the Teche. The cavalry alone is four or five times Vincent's strength. He will probably be driven back to the Courtableau, and perhaps this side, as I have not a man to send him. In the present condition of the rivers infantry could not be moved below the Huffpower without great risk.

The New Orleans papers report quite frequently the return of regiments from Texas.

Your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General.

