
mendation, and as it is important that the speedy organization of the regiment should be had, I beg leave to request the early action of the lieutenant-general commanding thereon.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. TAYLOR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EXPEDITIONARY FORCES,San Antonio, February 26, 1864.

Captain E. P. TURNER,

Asst. Adjt. General, C. S. Army, Major General Magruder's Hdqrs.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith copy of communication from Captain Edgar for information of the major-general commanding. For the present I have no apprehensions of an advance of the enemy from El Paso, which leaves San Antonio and Eagle Pass temporarily secure. The assurance of the co-operation of Major Dickinson, for which I heartily thank the major-general commanding, enables me to prepare to move to the front at once. I shall give directions to Captains Lettleton, Dunn, Barker, Armstrong, Montel, and Colonel Sweet's command to move to the front as speedily as possible to support Major Nolan. I shall go myself and leave Major Dicksinson here to superintend mustering in and supplying other companies.

Since writing the above I have received a dispatch from Captain Refusion Benavides, notifying me of an expedition which is no doubt destined for Corpus Christi, a copy of which letter is herewith inclosed. This induces me to forward an order to the officer in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Showalter's regiment, to march to Helena at once. No notice has been received that the Yankee cavalry force at Como Li Llama Ranch has been withdrawn. It is quite possible the intention is to make a raid into the interior. I wish to meet them on the Nueces. Should I be mistaken the forward movement will have a good effect in any event.

Captain Fly will be instructed to move upon Helena with all the men he can concentrate. Captain Carr, of Washington County, will be directed to re-enforce Captain Giddings and enable him to occupy Fort Clark. Major Blucher has reported for duty, and will accompany me to the field. Captain heermann is in possession of reports giving details of matters connected with the expeditionary forces, which he will present in person to the major-general commanding.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

JOHN S. FORD,

Colonel, Commanding.

N. B.-A field return will be made out and forwarded by Major Dickinson. I shall leave notes in his hands for that purpose.

FRIDAY-6 a. m.

A man of Captain Ware's has just arrived, bringing news that 200 Yankees landed at Corpus Christi on Sunday night, 9 o'clock. They searched the houses for Confederates. They took a sword and two flags for the Morning Light from the house of Major Nolan. They left on Tuesday morning, but were in sight in the evening.

