
[Inclosure Numbers 1.] FORT INGE, February 23, 1864.

Colonel JOHN S. FORD:

SIR: Major Alexander has just returned from his upper country scout. I did not see the major, but the men who went out with him report that the scout went as far out as Lancaster, and from thence to the Rio Grande, seeing no sign of Yankees while out. The last account from Eagle Pass everything was quiet in that quarter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. T. EDGAR,

Captain, Commanding Company F, M. R. T. S. T.

[Inclosure. Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS, Laredo, Tex., February 22, 1864-7 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN S. FORD,

Commanding Expeditionary Forces, San Antonio, Tex.:

SIR: News of a reliable kind has just reached me that about eight days ago a party of 400 cavalry, mostly Yankees, had left Brownsville in the direction of Corpus Christi; at the same time about 1,000 infantry embarked, apparently for the same designation. Some of the deserters of Pyron's regiment have succeeded in evading our scouts and crossed into Mexicon. Captain Stevens and party, after drawing the necessary provisions and forage at this place, have left (yesterday) again in search of deserters.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. BENAVIDES,

Captain, Commanding Post.

IN THE FIELD, NEAR CANEY,

February 26, 1864.

Brigadier General J. E. SLAUGHTER,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Houston:

GENERAL: Upon consultation with General Bee, Colonel Debray, and other officers here, I will find it next to impossible to forage the animals belonging to the transportation of my brigade near this place. By an order received from district headquarters I directed that the regiments bring don to Columbia, for the transportation of the troops, nine wagons to the regiment beside the hospital wagons, which will be near forty wagons, with 6-mule teams. The corn being about 70 miles from the camp, near General Bee's headquarters, it will be almost impossible to supply our stock at this time, with he roads dry and hard. Should it rain, which must be expected, it will be utterly impossible to supply our animals here with forage.

There seems to be no prospect of a movement of the enemy in this direction, and I suggest that my brigade be kept at or near Columbia, where I may, in case of necessity, rapidly re-enforce General Bee, or, in case of an attack at the mouth of the Brazos, I could, with the steam-boats, assist at that point almost immediately, or immediately move back to Galveston in case of an attack there. At Columbia of Sandy Point my brigade might be furnished by the

63 R R-VOL XXXIV, PT II

