
Lewis, my former ordnance officer, well versed in matters of this sort, to take charge of and superintend the transportation of any guns you may have to spare me.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. MAXEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES IN THE FIELD, Chickasaw Nation, February 15, 1864.

Colonel UNA McINTOSH:

SIR: I thought I would never write to you again, but the President has issued a proclamation which I send you. He still offers pardon and peace. You and those people who trusted you are fugitives. Many of them have been slain. Sure destruction awaits the remainder. Are you weak enough to suppose that Texas or the Wichita Mountains can save or shelter you? Not for you but for these poor people I write. Even when the rebellion is going to pieces the great Government of the United States offers you mercy. Let me know soon if you want peace. Neglect it, and terrible as the lesson you have got, the next will be infinitely worse. There may not be a poor houseless Creek rebel left to reproach you. Seeking peace, you can find me safely.

I remain, with respect,

W. A. PHILLIPS,

Colonel, Commanding U. S. Forces, Indian, Ter.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF INDIAN TERRITORY, Fort Towson, Choctaw Nation, February 26, 1864.

Brigadier General S. B. MAXEY,

Commanding Dist. Ind. Ter., Fort Towson, C. N.:

GENERAL: The urgent and paramount importance of immediately arming the troops in this district will serve as my apology for addressing you this communication on that subject in advance of my report of an inspection of the entire district which I have just concluded. From reports recently rendered you are aware, general, that not two-thirds of the white troops area most unarmed. It is true that there are guns in the hands of more than half of the Indians, but they are so inferior in character and imperfect in condition that they are comparatively useless in action, and only calculated to destroy confidence and render brave men timid and unreliable in presence of the enemy.

In addition to the obvious fact that all troops in the field should be armed, it may be urged, in case of the Indian troops, that they are entitled to them by treaty stipulations, it being thus agreed that "the men shall be armed by the Confederate States." This stipulation of the treaty originally referred to a regiment of choctaws and Chickasaws, a regiment each of cherokees and Creeks, and a battalion of Seminoles, and has been extended by authority from time to time, until it now includes in its provisions all the Indian troops in the Confederate States service. They have a right to expect that this

