
much of their treaty with the Confederate States, involving as it does their very existence as a people, should be strictly observed and complied with, and this, in the absence of all other sources for procuring arms, they insist upon as their sole means of protection, while at the same time they sedulously strive to excuse the shortcomings of the Government in all other particulars, or at least are not clamorous about them.

The Indians in this district are eminently faithful and zealous, and with good arms in their hands would be brave and strong allies, able to protect themselves from all attacks not more formidable than those which have hitherto assailed them, and to extend to us valuable co-operation in our good cause. They have been hitherto generally hopeful under the promises made them, but promises too often repeated, and as often unfulfilled, become to them but evidences of intentional faithlessness, and ere long will eventuate in their entire alienation, their removal to some remote an secure position, or concerted action with our enemies. During my recent intercourse with our Indian troops I have been painfully impressed with the necessity of furnishing arms to them without delay. The necessity is imminent and imperative. Obtain arms for them, general, and their now gloomy faces will grow bright, and their cheerful voices will again soon ring around their now deserted homes.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. LEE,

Assistant Inspector-General, District Indian Territory.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.] OFFICE CHIEF ORDNANCE OFFICER, DIST. IND. TER., Doaksville, Choctaw Nation, February 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General MAXEY,

Commanding District of Indian Territory:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the condition of guns in the First Brigade, Indian Forces, command by Colonel Stand Watie, and also a portion of arms of Second Brigade, Indian Froces, commanded by Colonel Walerk, and Lieutenant-Colonel Well's battalion, commanded by Lieutenant-Colones Wells. In each of these commands the appearance of the arms was very discouraging. The arms of First Brigade were rather better than those of the latter commands. A few Enfield rifles were seen, with a few, very few, Mississippi rifles in the line; the remainder were composed of double-barrel guns, Texas rifles, sporting rifles, &amp;c. This is a fine body of troops, and if well armed would, in my opinion, by an effective body of men. What valuable arms they have been taken from the enemy, but a great many men are without arms entirely, and are nothing more than camp followers. The First Choctaw Regiment of the Second brigade were armed with an assortment of guns, more of the Texas rifles than any other class of arms. And I would call your attention especially to this arm. A regiment armed complete with these guns are armed but badly. These guns are nothing more than a cheat, baldly put together, and very unreliable, being liable, a great number, to burst. The remainder in the regiment wee sporting rifles, which with a few exceptions wee baldly wanting repair; double-barrel shotguns, and a very few muskets. Lieutenant-Colonel Wells'

