COJTORESSIOJVJJL' «U
25th Cong..........2nd Sess.
MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1837.
Volume 6.........No, 2.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
IConlinnedfroni No. 1.]
Also, a Wl authorizing the issuing of patent? for
lands on Green Bay, Wisconsin Territory, twice
read, and referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims
Also, the petition of Susan Johnston, and the
heirs of John Johnston, praying Congress to confirm
his claim, reported upon favorably by tne board of
land commissioners at Detroit, tor two tiacts ot
land at the Sault Ste. Mane, in the Stale of Mi-
chigan.
Mr. CRITTENDEN offeied a resolution m re-
turn to obtaining iiom the Postmaster General cer-(
tain mlormation ol the CDSt of the Expíes* Mail.
This íesolution having been read—
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky thought it might im-
prove the vAw oí the information if the resolution
was made to thscuminate between the amount n-
oeived fiom the Government, as he undeistood
some considerable portion of the revenue arising
from this m ill was deiivcd from that somen
Mr. GRUNDY said he believed there was a pro-
position to extend the Expiesj Mail far bejond
its present limit". If the object of the íesolution
■was to inquire the whole cost, he thought the reso-
lution should i ike a wider range. At present, th-
mail was earned only through the most populous
paits of the e untiy, and if the receipts and expen-
ditures of that p.irt alone vveie considered, we might
he led into «teat mor. All he wished was to act
understanding]}' on the whole subject, and he
thought U the resolution wen made to embrace the
probabie cost oi the proposed extension, and upon
whit routes the mi I w ts now cirned, the objiet
would be eflecied
These suggestions having been admitted, the íe-
solution was adopted, and wads as follows-
Resolved, That the Po tmaster üener U be di-
rected to rcpoit to the Senate thoamonntot posta/e
which has accuied from the Express Mul since its
first establishment undet the eH of 1S3G, dtscunu-
nating be; veen tint portion ol it pud by tin' G >-
vernment, oi any departim nt or oflicei the reol, and
that paid by private individuals, and to rtpott ¿ho
the total amount ol cost or expense mcuned by
the Government m the e-.ttb! shment and manti-
nanc  of the said Expiess Mad (k; a its ni',ui, an 1
also to repoit •. hit «ill be the muiiuj i ost ol m I
establishment as it now e\i K, and aicnulin-r 'o
existing cntiaots and atrancr/ n ui s, ui I al-o what
will be the piolnhlf co-.i of il i piopo id < x ensuu
not vet commend (oi, ■ nd npi u what i< i t<- t
•said mad ¡   now c himI
On motion oí M HtJBP VU>, it na-
R'sohed, T'iat ti • Committee on. Ilevolui muy
Claims be instinct* 1 to imp ue into the expediency
oí allowing to tne hen* ol Di Nathan Babb.t, hi e
of New Hiropshno, deceased, the p;y due to sud
deceased, foi his ««vices, is a Surgeon's m*te, m
the atmy of the Revolution, fiom the 7th da}' oi
July 1778, to the nrst day of Decembci in. sad
year.
Mi. HUBBARD also moved, that the papt >
relating to the pennon ol Nathaniel Gunnison, pit-
sen ted bv h ra at the last session, be leiened io the
Cornnvttee on Naval A fía is.
A!«o, tha the papers i Iptmg to the pe'iuon < f
Tames Wheciet be referred to the L'omm ttee on
Pejsnns.
Mr HUBB\RD also s'iümitted a solution,
which wasp i pted, mquiimg into toe expedien >•
of allowing G Mor^e 10 sanender a or i tain land
pitent, andiecei/e m ! ett theitof a patent foi a
like quantity < f 1 nd su'table tor cull  at on
Mi CLAY (f AJali na moved 'hat fie pe'jt < n
of Samuel Mill-r, heretofor  piewníed by tun,
praying a reward foi the apprehension of <> Cbeio-
I'ee Indian, guil y oí mnse'ei, vho 1 ad broken jail,
be referred to the Commute* on the Jaclictarv
Mr. DAVÍS presen<cd the pstit'on of a Mr Pic-
kering, praying remuneration of dnt m paid by him
on ceitam paper machines.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from Captain j
Suubuck, of th" Navy, pi 'jing ncrea«e of com
pensation.
Mr WRIGHT present 1 the petition of sundi/
cit zen  of PUsdi'n, m the State oi New York,
lemonst atmg rgamst the annexation oí Texas to
the Untied Su ts laid on the tabic Alsi, th-
petrion of El z >beth Patrick, nraymg to be aHn-w cd
certain back pay al e^ed to be due hei hasban ', < a
officer ni ih<- J ite wai
Mi   CLAITO^ presente 1 a petition p y in™ an
altt rauon in. th* po t timte ,n Miliord, which ji i"?s
repics'n'ed would mateiia'ly shorten the distii'i
retcrred to the Committee en the Post OfiW  and
Post Roads
Mi DAVIS moved that tee peLuon of die N« l-
tucket Sieamboat company, for rtmuneiati n loi
canvng the mails from Wood's Hot? to Now
Bedford, be tiken horn tliP files of the last sessioi,
and r^ferr d to the Committee on the Post Otlice
and Post Roads
Mi BENTON moved that the paper-, relatm" to
the Glaim ot Henry Morfil be removed horn the
files, and referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims
Mi. ALLEN gave police that he would, on
to-mofow, ask leave to bring;m a toint resolution to
so iai amend the Constitution ot the United States,
as related to the election of President and Vice-
President thereof
Mr. WRIGHT, frohi the Committee on Finance,
renorte I the following bills without amendments,
which were s> iciallv o Jeied to a second readtn,, :
Oil i mi'i> g the duties m tomín • oods de-
strove d In the i<itt eoulltirration at new 1 >ik
13 I1 impelling the duties on í i eibii co,da^ and
hitnp
Bill fot the relief of Elisha Town.
Bill for the relief of Thadeus and Era&tas Fa r-
banki,
On motion of Mr CL \Y of Alabama, the fol-
low mj; r< solution, subm tted by h tn in Thar day
11 ', v, c   taken up an 1 ad< | ted
llt'o'ied, Th"u th^ Comimttie on the Pnb'ic
L'mU I i. m-tuickd to mquuc into the expediincy
ot eslabh'hinc; a new land distuct m the S'al" of
A'abiini, toembiac the teinloiv oil a on 1 r ll,">
laic tie u,' with th" Chernk e Ji. I an
On mot on of Mr WHITE, tl ( Sen Ve went
into Híxh'iu" busnew, and aft i a fm" mo-
miuts, ih^ dnsi|k «u le-opiiud
Th- VICC-PiMNrnFVT piesmtel i icpmt
fiom the s (letuy i* the Tie-isuiy, m rtlrt iii'i
oxi ¡is s«roivm'outof tieatif-, w.lht íe Chi^ki"'U,'
I i ¡i ms     Uv a 1 ?nd ii i red to be pnnt< d
\Ko a upoi' fi i a the Postmistcr Gene!a ,
exhibit ti" th> oiitingent expenses ot the o flic •
foi the t ir 1837 Referred to the Committee oi
Finance, and oidered tobe punted.
On motion ot Mr. TIPTON,
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OF RCPUUSE> TITIVE?,
Monday, Dei   II, 18¡7
The iodovunc; bran l ng Comm Ueis neu an-
nounced 'rom t íe Cihir
A Committee of Flections —Alters Buchanan,
Griflm, Hawkins, Kilpire, M'fuivof 'J em essee,
Towns, Bionsoii, Ptnn} backer, and llasui>a;s
Committee of Way* and Means — V< <tst s. Cam-
b-elen^r, McKini, Hamer, Sei^eaat, Jmcs cf V,r-
pu n rieieberof Massaihus^tfs. A her on, Hjvnrs,
and Rencher.
Conimiíí',e if Cams —Mess"- Whitt.esi v i f
Oh o, Ch imh=rs, D uhntrton, Russell, Ca if bcH of
T*"iness e, Clirk, Cart-r of Maine, Siuait. ar !
Williams of New Hampshne
Commerre —Mf'irs. Smith, Phi'hps, Cushaian,
DeCiaff, Toland, Cuit-s Mason of Vir¿inia, Wor-
thinpton, and Hunter of Ohio
Publics lands—Messrs. Boon, Wdhams of N
Carolina, Lincoln, Casey, Chapman, Harmon,
Yell, Sh.eldi, antl Gholson
Post OJi« a d Post Roads —-Messis. Montgome-
ry, I}us"s, Hall, Hopkins,  Hub' >', Ca]h>on of
Kentucky, Towiis, Dur.can and i < Imer
Lutiiclof Cohanliit—Messr  Bouldin, Jenifer,
Davvstn, Prentiss, Hanr!'ins, Eeirne, C II. Wil-
1 am  of Tennessee, Davee, and Petrittm
Jc he jiij —Messi  Thomas, Robertson, Toucey,
Con tn, Garland of Virginia, Bruyn, Samuel W.
JVlorr's of Pennsylvania, Tuinoy, and Cillev.
PeifOhdwnaty Ctauh<:—Messr„. Muhlenberg,
Crai_j, Undeiwo d, Taliafeuo.Parmentei, Harper,
Bin ,aP, A 11 Shepperd of North Carolina, and
Jos1 ill L Williams of Tennessee.
Public txpenimneb—Messis Haley, Alexan-
der Titus Strat'o i, Rumsey, Fletcher of Vermont,
Ci-^ckett, Patterson, aid Shefer.
Pi ¡vale Land Claims—Messrs May, Calhoim oí
Ma-,-- ichuset's, Lawlci, Harlan, Beatty, Randen,
Le?ab ttei, toomis, and Cheatham.
■.Manufactures —Messrs Adams, Webster, Slade,
Biddle, Tillmahast, Vail, Naylor,Foster, and Hun-
ter oí Vi gima
J,'Hí!i¡ii (—Messrs Deberry, Logan, Phelps,
Wee ,s, Spencer, No)es, Davies, Randolph, and
Stone.
Indian Jlffa*rs.—Messis Bell, Everett, Chaney,
Poikei, Campbell of South Carolina, Murry of
If nimky, Gtaham of North Carolina, Crary and
Pennvbaiker
Miluaty Jfftms.—Mtssrs. McKay., Coles, Gren-
nell, Miller, Rives, Kembie,Ma-=on of Ohio, Mc-
Cle Ian of Tennes<ee, and Hatstead.
Mihl'a—Messrs Wagener, Carter of Tennes-
see, Holt, Alien of Ohio, GrifSn, Gallup, Dunn,
South  ue, end Dennis
Xi^ctl.'lffuai — M^ims Iiuh-'m, Milhgan, Reed,
Wis , Giamland, Mooie, Kilgoie, Pajnter, aid
Andel on.
Voieign Jiff% s—-Messrs Howard, Gushing,
Jackson of Georgia, Diomgoo'e, Claiborne, Fair-
fieil, Patton, Le! ^re, and Hoffman.
í<míiii<«—Messrs Bronson, Pott«, Pearce,
Borden, Tots of New Yolk, Fainngton, White ol
Kentutky, Hammond, and Charles Sliepard of
Noith Carolina
Revo'ahonarj Pensions —Messrs. Morgan, Khn-
«"nsinnn, Bond, Frv, Toimson of Virginia, Sibley,
f.wj o;, Wl ittl sey of Connect cu', andChdds
í i did i'msimv—■ A1essi-s Tayloi, Williams of
Kíi ttic'q, AHe*i of Vermont, McClellan of New
Ymk, Herod, Stanlv, Malloiy, Aycngjr, and
P utaei.
_ Hoi!, mid Canals.—MessF. Merca, Evans, Mc-
Iveanin, Snvder, Fillnioie, Johnson of Maryland,
White ol  indidna, Graves, and Grant
Pa'cnts— Messis Fletcher of Vermont, Phelps,
Memtee. B'cKioll, ard Mathias Morris of Penn-
'•V ivai'a
Public Buildings «nil Giounds —Messrs. Lincoln,
Legate, Pratt, Meicer, and Jackson of Georgia.
Ilebi^al and Uiifinhled Business—Messrs fe ¡ep-
Ini oí Ohii', Noblt, Southgau., Henry, ard Pick.
.ícccutníí—Messrs Johnson of Vi-^mia, John-
sin nj Marjland, Sa nue) W Morris of Pencsyl-
vema, Biokiell and Kami
Mi age —Messrs. Dawson, How ard, Bnggs,
Mpiei, and CUibome.
C imtPiUees u ich stand through the whole Con-
gro-s —appointed last session
Cipenditni es m the Department of Slate —Messrs.
Magnas Moms, Jackson, Slieplo , Yorke and
An Ire'v s
ilt/ftiiiitiusti tk> Department of tne TiC'is'tri/ —
M -ssis Alien, Miefi r, Vyengsr, Gray and Holsey.
Cx¡ enditin pi in the Department oí If ar —Messrs
CI wuey, Vaiiderveer, Uolt, Moms oi Ohio and
Mu tin
Expenditures in, the Deparlmenl of the A"a¡.y —
Mc>rs. Brodheau, Mawell, Gcode, Edwards an I
Gnham.
Expendiinitsinlhe Depmlihent of the Post Office —
M'ssrs. Child*, Dennis, Hawes, Gal'up and Flu-
mer.
Expenditures on Ike Piéltt Buildings.—Mf««
Sawyer, Cranston, Menilee, Duati and Ridgwar
