50                                              «©N&RESSfONAL GLOBE.
<-ention,in order lo give thu petition the same dis-
pf sition as had been given to the others, viz: lay-
ing them on the table.
Mr Wise explained, that the reason he had not
originally raised the question moved by the gentle-
mm liom Alabama, was, that the question just de-
cided had already been decided so often by the
House, by Southern as well * by Northern mem-
bers voting to receive abolition petitions It was
for that reason he had moved to lay the motion of
reference on the table, for he was delermined to
meet the question at every step where it could be
met. Mr. W. asked the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts to include all his petitions m one motion.
Mr. Ad¿ms said he could not assent to it.
Mr. An iMs then presented a petition foi the aboli-
tion of slavery m the Tentones of the United States,
and moved its íeference to the.Committee onlheTer-
ritories; whereupon,
Mr. Wish moved to lay that motion on the
table.
Mr. Adams asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordeied; and were—yeas 127, nays 73, as
follows
YE^S—Messii Anderson, Andrews, Atheiton.Beirne, Bell
Bio i, BulJm Ijiodneail, Cambreleng, William B Campbell,
Join Campbell,T J Ganei, Wm !S Ciuli-, Casey, Cham
be j Ci a ley Chapman, Cheatham, Ci ley, Ctaiboine, C'tve
laid, ("lownei, Coles, Crai?, Ciaiy, Crockotl, Cnliman,
l)j« on Deb* ry, Dromgoole Edward , Iairmgton, PaiifielU,
In J Ganar 1, Ghol«on, James Gr ltam Gramland, Oravtj,
truth  Hamnuml, iltmer, Harlan, Hamuli, H ivies, Haw-
kins, Hajnes, Ho i, llo,>km", Howard, Huhley.Wrn II Hun
ter, K M r Hunger, Jabei Jackson, Jenifer, J Johnson, W
C Jonnson N Jones, J W J«nes, Kemble, KluiKensmith,
I aule-, legare, Logan Loomi , L/on, Mallory, J M Mason,
M uiu, Wmry, May, McKay, A Mctlellan MOllure, SIiKi n
Mem c Mercer, Mnler, Montgomery, Mor-an, Muhlenheig,
Nuriay, Nob'e, Paimer, Pattern, Teaice, Pennybacker Petti
km, Phelps, Pmmer, Pope, Prait, Renrhtr, Rnett, Rivcj, Ho
litrwin, ItuniBcy, Augustine H tehtpperd, CI ailts nheparrt,
Si fids, - tep 01, Snyder Somhgate, e-penctr Stmly ait wat ,
'- o , Tiliafeiro, 'Iiylor Thomas Titus, Toucey Tmney,
U iderwooj, Vuiterveer, Wagener, Weeks, Albeit S White,
J tin White, Lewis Williams, Sherrod Wi'hams J W Wil
ham* J L Williams, Chnstopher II Williams, Wise, Wor h
ins; on and Yell—127
NAY'S—Messrs Adams, Alexander, Hernán Allen, John W
Al'en Riddle Bond, Iloiden, Hi isrgs, Bronson, Bui hanan, W
B Ci loim, Clnlds, Corwm Cranston Curtis, Cuelung, Dar
'luatm, Daves, Davies, DeGraff, Duncan, Dunn, Evans, Lve
rut, 11 Fletcher, Plllinoie, Fouler, Goode, W Oraham, Grant,
Git une 1, Haley, Hall, Harrier, Hastings, Henry, Herod HolF
man, Ingham,Thos B Jaikson, Kilgore Lincoln Marvin, S
Mj^ou, Maxwell Robert MoC ellan, McKennan, Milli^an, (
T*torri< , Naylor, Noyes Osle, Parker, Pirmenter, Peterson,
Perlr, Phillip , Potts, Ratiden, Randolph, Roed Ridgway, Rui
peh, bheffei, Sibley, blade, Smnh, strat on nilinghast, lolan 1,
Webstei.E Whittlesey, and Thomas T Whittlesey—73
So the motion of reference was laid upon the
table.
So the petition was laid on the table
Messrs. Crávston and Tillw&híst of Rhode
I '?nd]
Petition's and memorials were then further pre-
sented by
Messrs. TOUCEY, INGHAM, HOLT, i 1ALEY
and WHITTLESEY of Connecticut.
Messrs HALL, ALLEN, SLADE, and EVE-
RETT of Vermont
Messrs LOOMIS, BICKNELL, MOORE,
FILLMORE, VANDEVEER, KEMBLE, CUR-
TIS, MARVIN TAYLOR, PARKER, BRON-
SON, CAMBRELENG, RUSSELL, DE GRAFF
GRANT, GREY, HOFFMAN, and SPENCER
of New York.
Mr. HALSTEAD, of New Jersey
Messrs. HENRY, MUHLENBERG, BEAT-
TY, PETRIKEN, BUCHANAN, PLUMER,
TOLAND, MORRIS, POTTS, WAGENER,
FRY, and McKENNAN, of Pennsvlvama.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications-
1. From the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting the annual reports of the Commissioner of the
General Lmd Office.
On motion of Mr. CASEY, laid on the ¿able.
2 From the same, transmitting a statement of
the contingent exdenditures of that Department.
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN.Iaid on the table.
3. From the same, containing the survey of the
coast south of Chesapeake Bay, with reference to
the construction of additional light-houses, bea-
cons, buoys, &c.
On metioQ of Mr. HAYSTES, referred to ihe
Ci mmiitce on Commerce.
Mi. WHITTLESEY of Ohio asked leave to
report the bills referred to the Committee of Claims
yesterday ; but it was objected to.
On motion of Mr. TILLINGHAST,
The House adjourned
House op Representatives, >
Dec. 12, 1837. - j
Gentllmem In the report of the proceedings
of this House yesterday, as published m your
paper of that due, on the resolution offered by
myself for a further appropriation of land to
Alabama, to continue the improvements at the
Muscle and Colbert shoals, it is erroneously
stated that I accepted the amendment offered by
General Carter of Tennessee.
I refused to accept the amendment alluded to,
and stated my reasons fully (o the House.
Your ob't servant,
R. CHAPMAN.
Messrs. Blair and Rives.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, Dec. 13, 1837
Messrs. BLACK and SOUTHARD appeared
and took their seats,
The Hon. WILSON LUMPKIN, Senator elect
from Ge< lgia, and the Hon. A. H. SEVEI R, Se-
nator elect from Arkausas, weie dulj qualified and
look tneír seits.
Private petitions weie presented by Mr.SMITH
of Indiana, PRENTISS, WALL, KNlorilT,
CLAYTON and oihers, and referred to the ap-
propriate Committees.
Also, on in dion, papers of a private character
pi esented on last session were removed from the
flits and severally referred
Mi RUGGLES pissented the petition of Mr
Perk.ns, a citi?en ot the Umled Slates, though foi
many years a res dent of Great Britain, stating
that he was Ihe inventor of an improved mode of"
Vanning the public buildings, and praying that
the officer charged with the issuing of patents, may
he specially authorized to issue in his favor, though
absent  referred to the Committ e on Patents.
On motion of Mr. PRENTISS, it was
Reso'vrd, That the Committee on Pensions be
insliucted to mquiie into the expedient y of esta-
blishing a pe ision agency at Montpelier, in the
State of Vermont, tor the payment ot all pension-
ers of the United States resident m the counties of
Washington, Oiange, Caledonia, Orleans, Essex,
and Lamoille, in said Stale.
On motion of Mr TIPTON, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to transmit to the Senate copies ot all in-
structions to registers and receivers of the different
land offices respecting pre-emption rights, and the
other dcscuption of claims on the public lands,
commonly called "floats," with copies of the
opinions of the late or present Attorney General
respecting these claims.
Also, on motion of Mr TirTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appiopnaiion for the constructing a
road in the States of Ohio, Indiana and Illinois.
On motion of Mr WHITE, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into Ihe propriety
of providing by law for the payment of the heirs
and representatives of Lieutenant William Red-
mond, deceased, the commutation money pro-
mised the officers of the continental line who should
continue in service to the end of the war of the Re-
volution, and that the said committee report by
bill or otherwise.
Agreeably to notice g.ven, Mr. KING introduc-
ed a bill foi the encouragement of the employment
of bo>s in the vessels of the United Stales, read
tftice and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr HUBE4RD introduced a bill to authorize
the payment of invalid pensioners in certain cases-
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill for the relief of
John Newton. Mr. Y. said he would take this
occasion to mention that the case in question had
before been presented, and had been favorably
acted on, but had been lost in the other House for
 '               '       ' '   J".........   ■■'-■■ ' ■■    ' ■—•
want of time: no doubt existed in his mibd of tb 
merits of the ca'te. The bill having been reap
twice, was referred to the Committee on Pubua
Lands.             v
Mr. YOUNG also introduced a bill to authorize
certain soldiers of the last war with Great Britain
to surrender their bounty lands, and to select otherst
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Also, a bill for the relief of Jane Warner; which
was twice read, and referred to the Committee on
Claims
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky introduced a bill for the
benefit of the executrix oí ihe late R. H. Lee. read
wice and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Abo, a bill to amend an act, entitled, An act to
amend the several acts in relation to extending co-
py rights to foreigneis in certa.n cases read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Patents
Mr. LYON introduced a bill making appropria-
tions for certain roai's in the Terníoiy of Wiscon-
s n: read uvice, and refeired to the Committee on
Road  and Canals.
Also, a bill for the cieation of the office of Sur-
veyor of public lands in Wisconsin Terntory. read
twice, andreferred the Committee on Public Lands.
Mi CLAY of Alabama «ave nonce that he
would o'l to mi rrow introduce a bill for tne relief
oí William C   Easion.
The VICE PRESIDENT announe-d the receipt
of sundry papéis of claimants for the.r services,
etc , wh'ch «ere, on motnn, refened to the Com-
mit'ee m Pensions
Mr WRlGHf,from th-; Cornmi'tee on Finance,
to whom hid li-en refened ihe resoluti in intoning
into the condition ( f the curreixj t f 'he Distuct of
Columbia, reported a bill in part. This bill having
been read by its title—
Mr CLAY said he hoped the bill would be lead;
that he liked to hear every thing in relation to the
cirr ucy Wncn the provisions of the lull having
been read by the Secretary of the S-r ate—
MrvCLAY remaike<\ that bill imposed veiy
heavy pams and pen?lti«-s, and \\i-htd to maniré
why this devoted District was to be thus doomed.
Betore any thing was done with it, he wi uld in-
quire of the chairman if the commdit.e was lull
when he was inMiucted to report it, aai whether
the consent of all the member-  of the iomtruttee
had gi\en sanction to the report1
Mi WRIGHT said he w as hippy to we the
gentleman ihe mtoimation he desired, though he
deemed it rathei a sti,tnge pr iceeding at  o early a
stage as the second reading of the lml He wou'd
Sia'e, for tne gidtuiuation of i-e "enllemnn, that
three of the members of the CJi/rnitee «ere pie-
sent who had instructed him to report Ihe bill, it
was the same, verbatim tt hieran ii, as that [re-
sented at the last session, v^hich had been di-cussed
at length m the Senate, and the jeas and nays
taken thereon
The VICE PRESIDENT announced a commu-
nication fiom the Secretary of the Treasury, con-
taining a report fiom ihe Commissioner sf the
General Land Office, showing many in eiestmg
details in relation to the same- orderei to be
printed.
On motion of Mi WALKER five hundid ad-
ditional copies were omeied for the use of the Land
Office,
At the same the VICE PREbID£¡\T laid before
the Senate a communication from the Sec.ctaiy of
the Navy, showing an abs^act of tl = f \penditures
for the year 1837, la d on the take, and ordered
to be printed
A me-sage was received from the President of
the United States, transmuting ceitam mfoimation
m accordance with a re omt on of the Senate of
the 12th October list, containing copies of-corre-
spondence in relation to the seizure and seauestra-
tion of the American ship Mary, by the Dutch Go-
vernment, at the island of Curracoa m 1810.
Also, a message from the President, m obedience
to a resolution of the 13th October, lequest.ng in-
formation in relat.on to obtaining from the Mexi-
can Government an acknowledgment oí the claims
of American citizens.
Mr. CLAY sud hs presumed these eoataktl
