G0H3RES3IOHAL eiOBE.                                              f §
hi* etaament lejated to the impropriety of "Execu-
tive interference.
Now,-a*to the details-contained in the publica-
tion of thft-Slobe^he only had to s<iy that they
were almost all founded on particular expressions
contained ra the report of the Boston papers of Mr.
F's speech—expressions which were not his, and
for which he was not responsible. The gentlemen
who prepared that article mu«t surely have made
an exceedingly low estimate of his understanding
if they supposed he could have said such things as
had been there imputed to hi . The article attri-
buted to him the assertion that the Executive ma-
jority of the House pawed each bill forthwith, with-
out alteration, and this, when all the journals of
the counhy contained the debates of the House on
these very bills, and when the alterations which
they had undergone m the House were so notori-
ous that none could remain ignorant of them. To
suppose that ha should have had the folly to make
.such a statement at a pobhc meeting, w as, as he had
said, putting rather a lowei estimate upon his com-
mon sense thin he had supposed some of those
gentlemen wi uld have done. Yet, a large pomon
of tne details of th" article in the Globe, were found-
ed on that supposed statement, and añolhei equal-
ly unfounded as altnbntcd to him It was said
that this comse on the port of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means was the usual, the
customaiy course ef business. As to that he had
said nothing, and had nothing to say he had only
stated what he behoved to be the,fact m the m itter,
and which was ¡substantially a hmtled by the gen-
tlemen themselves If that «as, indeed, the usual
course of bunni-ss m tint committee, then the re-
marks of Mr. F on that subject might have no va-
lidity.   As to that point he said nothing.
As to the i-psolulnn on the subjet t of a national
bank, what occuircd had been «imply tin  Atan
early stage of the meeting of the committee men-
tion had been made 01 the petitions m lehtiou to a
hank, and Mr F had suggested whether it would
not be b"ttet to reiuun finm considering that ques-
tion until al' the petitions should be before the
committee. It was said m the article of the Giobc
that the subject -had been up m the committee
th.ieed.fi  tent times Mr F, could not d-ny this,
but h" di | not so recolkcl, he h id no recollection
of any thin  being said about it until at the last
meelin *. it was said that the resolution finally re-
port ■<! m reference to a bank had been drawn up
in his píeseme He had come to the cominitlee-
room on that morn ng lato, and his lust i collec-
tion of the resiluiion was its ti mg reíd by the
chut man, anil the que Hon b ing put \\a ther it
should be i" poitcd I o the ftn i e Mr V nevei had
stated what was die o i"in of tint n solntio t, wh it he
had said was a mudSU„,'es.'ion as to its oi¡.'in,n<>
fact had been stitelhy him, arm hc'had,nndelaime>l
to have, no khowlif'>c oí jts o-igm What ho did
say<u the m-eti-g md been tint the puitoason
the subject 01 << bank had noi beui read m the
committee, and lie made a Mt<.¿Wion as to the
origin of the lcso'ution l<potted Th s «as a'l be
had said ot d me m ic'itum 10 lb u malte i He
had «-aid nothirg upon any of these snbje  K which
was not iruo, and which, as cppcaml to him, hid
not been ¡bubstantial'y admttt  d to be true m il e
articie m the G'obe. He had done nothing which
he had not de-mel it his duty to do Whe,he> he
was to he <¡u ,umed m the d'scharge of du'y w is a
quesh n to be bubnuUel io the justice of tint
House If he might not ruhth snv all ho had said,
then li'Snc no lights left vin'ch we' norm pos-
sessing, and it was i«U that ne shonl Í know, and
the people should know, the gi on ml on «inch we
stand He had, he lepeated, enc'eavoied to dis-
charge his duty at all tm.  s decoiously toward the
House a>id every member of it. But, fiout the
course which gentlemen hid deemed it pioper to
take toward him peioonahY, he judged it suitable
that he should be discharged from lemrining longer
a member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and he now nude tin* leanest.
Mr. CAMBRELENG sa.d he hid a very m.ef
reply to make, Or he could not, af.er v hat had
been passing for the last four \\ epks, after all the
denunciations which had been heaped upon him-
self a, ail the Opposition prints; after the manner
m which the member's speech had been pi mted and
circulated, he could not, now or hereafter, make
an issue with the gentleman—with the member
from Massachusetts He could appeal to his col-
leagues to disprove the truth of what the nemb'r
had now said. Whether he had seen the speech
published m his name, he did rot knov., this he
knew, that the speech had been printed m e\"fi
quantity, and circulated m New Hampshire. He
would leave it to the gentleman's—to the member's
own notions of what was right, whether he should
let a publication be circulated through his own
State, and through the nation, for four v, eel s, and
then come here and tell this House that lie had
never seen <t, till he had reen it this morn ng in
the Globe. Mr. C. should leave the membei's
speech m explanation, and the article m the Globe,
to go together before the world.
Mr. FLETCHER rose to" explain. Tie had
not said that he had not seen the publi died report
of his speech till he had seen it lefe'trd to and
quoted in the Globe. What he had s?id was, that
he had not seen it prior to its publication in the
Boston papers, and that no particular attent on to
it had been given by him.
Mr ATHERTON of New Hampshire (a mem-
ber of the Committee of Wajs and Means, who
did not come into the Hou«e until Mi rcncireti
had nearly concluded his íemarte) observed that
the member from Massachusetts had said tlu't he
had endeavored to discharge his duty as a member
of the House and as a member of the committee
with all due fidelity. Mr. A. claimed t > have d s-
eharged his own with equal fidelity The member
fiom Boston had made no complaint to the con-
mittee as to the manner of conducting the bismrss
which came before it. He had always been treated
hv it, members with the most perfect couite^y and
huidnos.. Whit, then, wps his suipr^e on t >ng
the repoit of a speech th-hveied by him, and with
whi"h Mr A undeistood him to acknowledge him-
self satisfied, denouncing ti e members of the com-
mittee in the severest manner1 The speech 1ml
not been confined to the newspapers, but hid been
benevolently circulated by him, or his constituents
among the people m Mr. A's Stat  Il nas a
speech m which there was more misrepies >,taiion
than he believed had ever been co'tve\<l m so
many woids before ; and it hid h«cn industriously
c nculated with a view to affect M> \'s oharat *ei,
and also the ensuing election m Nci\ IIimp hue.
He woul 1 ask whether it had not been 'n  u bent
upon the member ftom Boston to suggest any fa' 'I
ho hid to find with the proceedings of the Committee
of Wa"sandMeans at the time the i npiopnety oc-
cni i eel? and not sit silent and sec th- w i on^s pro< "rd,
and make no complaint, and fffei u ard attack the
chaiactei of the membeis of the committee m an
abusive public speech, and by a tt sue of ihe
giossest misrepresentations i The member his in-
timate I thai he said in that speech n ulvn" but
what was true Had ho not suel tbi* ¡he bills
icpoited by the committee \>ere lopnr'ed word foi
woul, lcttei loi letlei, comma foi ccmui, jn-,t as
thev came from the Secretary of thsTieasttry i
[Mr FcFTCnrrt.    I never said so ]
He intimated as much Foi t e sa s that nil
the lnpoitmt bills of the K t sis urn • "<■„ reputed
fiom the Committee of Wa^s and M>"ns, and
pissed b> the House, word for word and '< tt-t io-
lpttei, as the) came down fiom the FiPen'ne Is
it U ite, that these bills were pissed bv the House,
word for word and letter foi Ict'or/as thev veie
repmted bv the committee o- nme fiom the Fxe-
citive? It is enough to refer to the foim of the
bills as they were laid before the committee, and
then as they were afterwards renoi ted to the House
His statements are proved to be not correct, not
only by the testimony of the g-ntlere^i associated
with him, but by vtnttcn recoids on the tiles of the
House, and m the hands of the chairman. The
gentleman—the member from Boston, sai <• tnit he
nnde no as ertion that fie resolution o i the subject
t ' a nahoinl bank came from the !>ecutive.
What did be *ay ? Tnere could be iu tlm' t that it
came from the Executive m the vej y form m which
it was reported by the committee. Now the truth
is, that the first time the subject came up m com-
mittee, there was a discussion as to the form m
which the resolution should be expressed ; the
member knew th's, for he was himself present, and
sdl the gentlemen of the committee knew it.
He says it was introduced without pie face by
the chanman of the committee. It was not intro-
duced by the chairman at all, until he had been
dnected by the committee to dtaw it up. Sur-
prising, indeed, that the member should make such
an a«seition, when the cons'deration of the subject
was postponed once, if mt twice, I am certain it
was once, at his own request; and the last post-
ponement was for a number of days, almost, if" not
quite, a week, with the understanding that the next
time it vas brought up, the committee would take
some definite action m legard to it. i' think the
member's explanation only places him in a worse
sitnst'on than before I can only say that, until
he disavows every word and every letter of the
chaiges published as his, I can receive no explana-
tion from him; and I here «¡ay that I shall take an
opportunity of repljmg before my constituents in
such a m-innei as I think his «peech deserve^.
Mr. JONES of Vuginia, (anotbei m mber of the
Committee of Ways and Means,) said hi did not
know tnt he vet correct'y understood tne gentle-
man fiom Massachusetts He io e to ascemm
whether he did or not, for on that wou'd greatly
depeul what h" Ind to «ay t> th- H^usr ixd the
gentleman frc .a Massachusetts cbsai o the extnets
from his speech, contained i\ the aitie'e m the
Glo'ie of this morning"?
Mr FLETCHER Yes the r^nort of my speech
was made without authonty Irom ei°
Mr JONES lesu'red These extuc s bem^ now
dsaiowed by the gentleman, I shad trouble tn
House \vith but few re narks. I was, at the last
session, without any solicitation onmy part, as you,
Mr. Speaker, can testify, honored with a seat
upon the Committee of Ways and Means. Seek-
ing no phve, but íesoh ed to decline no duty wh'sh
might pronerly he ass gncd to me, as one ot the
representatives' of the peop'e, I proceeded to the dic-
cbaige of the duties which devolved upon me,
honestly and conscientiously; and now, when I
look back upon my acts as a member of that
committee, I am not conscious of having done any
thing which my own conseience do«s not approve
In the discharge of our duties, it was our proc-
tice to b°stow upon the \ei,r important sub
jects vheh came Lef re v e ir best copsideía-
tion. When tn" I '1' were tal i up n can ri'Uf"',
they wee <"~reft 1' reíd o i sci tmu bj s^'o ,
ant1 a'cpteO, tejeclf I, < i ? n^n lei, is seeme ' v
the  oouvr if" ' c,t "•>! i 1 >'l 1 to -om) e the inte-
rest of oui coremon cc untrv. Tne conduct and
dcpoiln ent of the n c > I prs tovvaid each oihcr was
such as I ha 1 suppos d calculated to secute 'o each,
and, to cieiv out, the íespcvt and csieem oí tie
others. No time for reflection oi investigation was
ever a,Ccd by the nvmbei from Massachusetts,
which was n>t unh<-itatjnj!y, and, I behc\e, unan-
mously, accorded to bun No obj«cti m was at iny
tune mad" by huí, to th  course of p orecdin?, or to
the manner m v/hieh the b'isiness was transacted;
and I was not a\vare that so much as e*on at
unkind feeling was harboit 1 by any membei of
the commit  i> toward the gentlemen associated
with him, un il I reached this city, v hen, for tee
fi st time, I saw the speech attii'outed to the geiüV-
m hi fiom Massachusetts 1 ou, sir, ctii well íma-
g'ae what was my astoni hm iit wh'n I leaint that
ft'p slandeis contained in that speech had, through
the medium of the public p ess, been heralded to
the world, under the «yin^iion of hi name.
To-day, for the first t'tne, (sofai as I am inform-
ed,) they have been disavowed bv him. It in that
disavowal, it had appealed th >t tne cbarg s had
been published and en dilated wnhont h s ag>nc\,
and v fhmthis knowledge, whatever might bi\e
been the consequences to myself, m th" \,' > ' < I
my heart I coulel have forgiven all, i i been
savel the necessity of this ptibkc n ik > e.
the act, but how stands the fací' Th.'t g t-n v,
in his explanation just made to ti c Hou *,
nas mformel us that he was ¡K1t ignoiant of then
publication iu the newspapers of the day, that he
had seen them. Sir, they were published m die
newspapers of the city of Boston, the place of
his residence, read, doubtless, by his friends, and
