-s~
fOKttRBfiSIONAt'-inumm
tff
ft« Wpfed^hisy of festabhshing a mail route trow
Mc&f jamMé, the county seat of Warren county
to Jasper, in Marion county, Tennessee, by way of
Beersheba Springs.      -                                     J
On motion of Mr. CROCKETT,
Mmhei, That the Committee oa fhe Judiciary
be iasimcted to inquire into .the expediency of esta-
blishing a District- Coart of the United States at
Jackson, m West Tennessee.
Or motion, of Mr. BOO|i,
Memloeé, That the Committee of Commerce be
insteoeted to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a port of .entry at EvansviUe. on the Ohio
river.
On motion of Mr. HAMER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of increasing the pension of John M. Pike
of Adams county, Ohio, to the sum allowed to á
lieutenant in the Revolutionary army.
On motion of Mr. KILGORE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
i be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
: creasing the salarv of the district judge of Ohio.
:      On motion of Mr. HAMER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
*  sionsbe instructed to inquire into the propriety of
allowing a pension, to Adam Shrofe, of  Brown
; comay.Obio, for wounds teceived during the late
f Tear with Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. MASON of Ohio,
Resolved, That the petition of James Ridden and
the vouchers in support thereof, now on the flies of
this House, be referred to the Committee on Indian
; Affairs; and that the petition of James Smith of
: Ohio, and------McClelland of Pennsylvania, be re-
; ferred to the Comtnitieeon the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. H -VRPÉR,
Resoleed, That the Committee of Claims inquire
í into the expediency of allowing compensation to
' Adam Smith, of Licking county, Ohio, for mat«-
l  iais fnrnishedby hirnfer the erection of the Cuin-
r berland road, west of the river Muskingum.
:      [Mr. Shields yesterday presented  the memorial
; of sundry citizens of the county of Dracoln, S a!e
[ of Tennessee, praying Congress to authorize  the
sísale of a township of sejiooi land therein described;
s which, on his motion, was referred to the Commit-
| tee on Public Lands
j      On motion of Mr. Shields,
Ü      The petit'oa of Major William  Smiih, of Ten-
i, nessee, asking an increase of pension, and the evi-
:: dence and papers relating to said claim, were re-
s' ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
;      On motion of Mr. Shield-*,
--     MmoheiT, That the Committee on Indiin Affairs
:, be iastrueted to inquire into the expediency of re-
■  muñerating the legal heirs and representatives of
f  William Anderson, for property taken or d stroy d
': by the  Cherokee Indians about the year 1788; and
:' that  the  papers  relating thereto,  oa  file  of the
! House, be referred to the same committee.]
V     Mr. HAYNES moved that the House resolve
I- itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
t of the Union on the President's Message.
% -   Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio objecting, on the
l ground that he desired that the standing committees
i should first report,
¡' - Mr. HAYNES moved a suspension of the rules:
ít lost.
k Repoitswere then called for from the standing
"t committees.
F • Mr. CAMBRELEÜÍG-, from the Committee of
\ Ways and Means, reported a bill for the rehef of
i Chastellatn and PonVert: read twice, and com-
f mitted.                                                           ,
t. . Also, a bill for the relief of Robert DicKey, of
i New York ; read twice, and committed.
*      Mr McKIM, from ¡he same committee,'reported
*   a bill for the relief of the president and directors of
\-. the Baltimore and Susquehanna Railroad Compa-
= ny-: read twice, and committed.    "
;; Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, from the Com-
' tnittee of Claims, reported all the cases referred,
; wider the order, to that committee on Monday last.
I ' The following is a list of the bills, viz: for th«
: relief of—
'■  «tan. A. M«w a*                  Fraud  Gjrdinif
Ebenezer A. Lester               Eli Horton
Jesse E. Dow                      M. Gelston, executor of
Edward B urges                      David Gelston
Daniel T. Patterson,        '     John M-. Oliver
Wm, Bailey, surviving part-   John Kreps
ner of Bailey &Deford ,    - Christopher Clark
John McCarty                     Philip Marshal, el al.        '
William H. Bell                 ^Curtis GrHbb       •'    '
David Oalíwel!, reps, of         John" B. Perkins
Benj. H. Mackall                 'William Eadus
James J Patterson                Hannah-Mudlong
Daniel Davis                       Rofet Peebles and John Graham
James Baker                       Edw'd-Duval, administrators of
Roswell I.ee, reps, of            Richard Frisky
Thomas P. McCanless           John P. Austin and Edward N.
Joseph Hall        '                   Tailer
Jonathan Davis                   -Alexander G. Morgan
Albion T. Crow                   Jona'hon Elliot
Wm. R. Taylor, administrator John Wilson
of Jonathan Taylor             John Downes
John Ad loms reps, of          Christopher Werner
Tilomas W Bacot, re'ps. of     David H. Maxwell
Allen it Moore                    Teaklo Savage, administrator
Elias Johns                            of BohtfjiLaws
James McMahon                  Thomas T^er, el al.
Sarah Murphy                     Melancíhon T. Woolsey
Abraham L^nsins                 Joseph Nourse
Thomas J. Lawler, and Smith James L Ker.ner
>t Mil"s                         James JTen on
Nicholas Hedges                   it W   Rnssrl
Pres'ev N. (V Bannon            Freeman Brady
William Tharp                    Robert. Fulton, heirs
Win. and Jar.es Cooks         Thouxn Fillebrown, jun.
James Callan                      Levy Court, Calvert county,
Fa-row and Harris                  Maty'and
Converse and Hees               ITn'ihtVTrDop.ald
Joseph RadcliiF                    Charles B^nns
All the foresoing bills were read twice, and
committed to a Committee of the Whole House.
The CHAIR laid before the House the follow-
ing Executive communications:
1.   From the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, a report in relation lo some land claims.
On mol ion of Mr. YELL> referred to'the Com-
mittee on Public Lan-ls.
2.  From the Department of State, an'abstract of
the number of American «enmen, ele.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, referred to the Cora-
mitieo on Commerce.
3 From the Secretary of the Treasury, a report
on the spbjcct of hnilding light-houses, light-boats,
beacon lights, and buoys.
Referred to rVu  committee on Commerce, on
mo'ion of Mr. SMITH.
4. From OV Secretary of the Navy an abstract
of the contingent cvp"nsps of thai Department.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
laid on the lahlc.
The following resolution snbmi'ted by Mr.
.BOND, on Monday last, was taken up, and agreed
to.
Resollad, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish this House a statement of the
severa! «mounts paid in specie by the depos'te
bank* on the checks or orders of the Treasury
Department since the 13ii  of May last, and the
amount and date, of any such check* on which
said banks refused payment in specie, in part or
in whole.
On motion,
Tl)e House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, Dec. 15, 1837.
Mr. HAYNES asked the unanimous consent of
the House to move that the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the President's Message.
Objection being made,
Mr. HAYNES moved a suspension of the rule;
which wa< agreed,to—ayes 119, noes 37.
Mr. OWENS gave notice that on Monday next
he would ask leave to bring in a bill to provide for
im>if' the Northeastern boundary line.
REFERENCE OF THE MESSAGE.
On motion of Mr. HAYNES, the 'House then
went into committee, Mr. Adams in the chair, on
the President',* Message.
Mr. HAYKES then submitted the. resolutions
offered by him some days since, with a modifi-
cation.                         ,
The first and second resolutions were agreed to
withon' a livs'on, as follows :
1. Resolved, That so-much of the President's
Message as refers to the political relations of the
United States with foreign nations be committed to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
3. Resolved, That so much of said Message as
relates to the commerce of the United States with .
foreign nations be referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The third resolution was then taken tip as fol-
lows :
3.  Resolved, íhat so much of said Message as
relates lo the finance's, and every thing connected
therewith; to the safe-keeping of the public moneys,
and every thing connected therewith ; and so much
thereof as relates to the Bank of the United States, -
be referred to the Committee of Ways and'Means.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested to the mover
that the questions submitted to Congress by the
President, in reference to the reissue of the notes
of the old Bank of the United,States, belonged
rather to the Judiciary Committee than t® that of
Ways and Means. He therefore moved to strike
,out that part of the resolution relating to the Bank
of the United States, and moved a fourth resolution
as follows:
4.   Hesolved, That so much of the President's
Message as relates to the reissuing of the notes of
the late Bank of the United States, be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WISE said he cared nothing about the
amendment offered by the gentleman from New
York, and he rose to object to this third resolution
m the whole,
' The CH1TR (Mr: Adam?) reminded the gentle-
trirm that the amendntent would alone be pending,
and it tvould not, there-fore, be strictly in ordei to
debate the whole resolution|at that time.
Mr. WISE wonld postpone his remarks for the
present.              "                          ,
Mr. HAYNES accepted the modification of the
thirl resolution; and the question recmring thereon,
Mr, WISE spoke at length against the resolu-
tion,.aml in reference to the various portions of the
Message having relation to the subject o¡'the finan-
ces. Mr. W. w,is opposed to any reference of this
subject, unless itmightbetoacommiiteeofonefroin
each State; and he expressed his d.sseulto belli of
the plans adverted to in the Message—the Sub-
Treasury and Ihe. Special D-pnsite system.
Mr. HAYNES s,i id itwas not his design to have
s.iid a single word on the suljcct.of the reso-
lations, prepared by him, before the House. But
in relation to (he resolution referring to the finan-
ces, he had strong djubts as to whether the last
clause, which had been withdrawn by him, might
not have been more properly referred to the Com-
mit'ee on ih  Judiciary, a's suggested in the modi-
fication proposed by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways t?nd Means. líe, Mr. H. could not re-
frain from pxpressing his surprise at the course
pursued by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr.Wise)
who had renwrked-a! such length on matters not'
then before the House, the question pending being
one of mere reference. He considered a great por-
tion of the gentleman's speech as entirely irrelevant
and foreign to. the. subject before them, and he
would not attempt to follow the gentleman through
his unnecessary and irrelevant remarks, but hoped
that nothing would be said but.what was applica-
ble to the question before them.
Mr. BOON said he had not risen for the purpose
ojf making a speech, but simply to express Ms-great
astonishment at witnessing the terrible fluttering
among the "wounded pigeons," that had been pro-
duced by a simple proposition to have referred to
one of the standing committees of the House a
portion of the President's annual message to Con-
gress. Why (inquired Mr. B.) all this bustle and
alarm in the ranks of the modern Whig party, if
it be true, as has been stated by the Opposition,
that the measures recommended by the President
have been disapproved and condemned by the
people? We are told that the people are opposed
to the Sab-Treasury scheme as recommended by
the present Chief Magistrate; and the late local
elections in New York, and some few other States,
had been adverted to, as proof positive of the
will of the people'touching the Sub-Treasury
scheme. One would be led to believe, from the
declarations of the Whigs, (hat the little Magician,
as they are pleased to ca'l the President, was,
to rw  a common phrase, literally "usad up" in.
several of the States. Now, Mr. Chairman, if the
oft-repeated declarations of the Opposition be true
