CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

MONDAY, DECEMBER 25,  1837.

BY BLAIR & HIVES.
...............WFEKT.Y....................
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
—■ '-'■■—-'■              ......-,.--,—-.............                     .......„■......              ¿
............                *.
[Continued from JVb. 2.]
be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of re-
ducing the price of the public lands, and of gradua-
ting the price of the refuse public lands, having re-
ference to the period of ume that such lands shall
have been subject to sale at puvate entrv; and of
granting to the settlers upon the public lands the
right of pre-emption to a quantity not to exceed
one-quarter section to each head of a familj, in-
cluding his or her improvement.
On motion of Mi HOPKINS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and PoH Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from St
Clair's, Balton, to Rye Val'ey m the county of Smyth
and State of Virginia.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from the
house of Major Samuel Williams, in the county
of Smyth to the mouth of Wilkon's Creek, in the
county of Grayson, m the State of Virgin.a
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Leba-
non in the county of Ru-.se!, via Nashfo d, Hona-
kers Store, to Richland post office, in the county of
Tazewell
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be  instructed to inquire mto the
expediency of establishing a post route from Gray-
son C. H. Virginia, to the Gra) son Sulphur Springs.
On motion of Mr. MORRIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Sister-
ville, in Tyler county, Vugmia, through the U wn
of  Brownsville,   in   Washington   county,   Ohio,
GraysviIIe, Van Buren, by the mouth of the Elk
Fork of Duck Creek, to McCoystown, in Monroe
county, and thence following the State load to the
town of Zanesvdle, m Muskingum county, also a
post route from Woodfield, in Monroe county,
through Graysville  to  Mcintosh's Post Office, in
"Washington county, Ohio.
On motion of Mr. SHIELDS,
Resolved, That ihe Committee on the Post Ofl ce
and Post Roads be instructed to inquiie into the expe-
diency of establishing  a  post  route  írom M >uut
Pleasant, Tennessee, to Waynesboro, Tennessee
On motion of Mr. SOUTHGATE,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of compensat-
- ing Colonel Robeit Wallace of Kentucky, for the
horses lost in the public service during the late
war.
On motion of Mr TURNEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the State of Tennessee to sell the school
lands within the limits of said State
On motion of Mr EVERETT,
Resolied, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire imo tne expediency
of granting a pension to Beriah A\ right, a soldier.
Resolved, That the Committee m Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to mqu le into the expe-
dieucy of extending the provisi ns of the pension
act of 4th July, 1836, to widows ¿vho were married
prior to the 1st of January, 17 ¿5, and to widows
whose husbands may have died, or shall die ailer
the 4ih of March, 1831, or whose husbands were
killed in the Revolutionaiy war
[Mr Russell presented the petition of Isaac
Fowkr, of New York, a soldier of the Revo-
lution, ptayinga pension for Revolutionary ser-
vices, which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions 2 Also, the petition of
William Abeel of New York, a soldier of the Re-
volution, praying a like pension, for like services,
which was alike referred. 3 Also, tne petition of
Amos Savage and eighty-five other electors of the
town of Granville, m the county of Washington and
State of New York, praying tor the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the Distuct of Co-
lumbia, and in the Territories subject to the jurisdic-
tion of Congress, and also, praying the passage of
a law prohibiting the internal and coasting slave
trade between the several States in the Union, and
that effectual measures may be taken to prevent the
exportation oí slaves from the  District of Colum-
bia or any other port or place in the United States,
to Texas, or to the dominions of any foreign power
4. Also   the petition  of Isaac  Hartley And 109
other inhabitants of the county of Montgomery, in
said State oí New York, playing, 1st, for the abo-
lition of slav ery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, 2d, (or the abolition of slavery and
the  slave  trade  in  the Terntoiies   of th  United
Slates, 3d, so to regulate the  commercial  inter-
course between the several States m this Union as
to prevent commerce in slaves being earned on be-
tween them , 4th, remonstrating against the admis-
sion of any new State into the Union «hose c nsti-
tution tolerates domestic slavery , 5ih, remorstia-
ting ako against the annexation of Texas to  the
Union     Oí the two  last-mentioned petition-,, so
much as relates to the Distuct of Columbia Mr R
moved to refer to the Committee tor the District ol
Columbia, and so much as relates to slavery and
the slave trade in the Territories, Mr R moved to
refer to the Committee on the Territories, and so
much as relates to the coasting slave trade between
the several States m the Union, Mr R moved to
refer  to  the Committee on  Commerce, and so
much as relates to the tianspoitation of slaves to
Texas, and the annexation ot Texas to the Union,
Mr   R   moved to refer  to  a  se'eel committee
5   Also, Ihe petition of John C    Parker and fitly-
three   other  electois ot   said   town ot Granville
praying for the abolition oí slavery  and the s'a\e
trade in the  District of Columbia     f>    Also, the
petition of John Carlisle and one hundred and thice
electors ot the town of Hartford, in said county,
concluding with the like prayer     7   Ako, the pe-
tition of John Reed and  forty-nine  other  electors
of the town ot Argyle, in said  county, pray m¿ for
the same objects    8   Also  the petition ol Gilbert
Robertson and  sixty-one other electots oí   said
town of  Argyle,   concluding  with ihe like prayer
9.  Iko, the peuti >n  of Garret W< udell, Julius
Phelps, Josiah   Dunton,   and   foit> seven   other
electors of the town ol Cambudgt, in -.ai I county,
¡or the like purpose    10  Also, the pet lion of John
Dobbin and twenty-live omer electois of the town
of Jackson, in said coiintv.fot the like pmpo«e
11. Also, ihe petition oí  Ethan Bragg an I ugiily-
nine othei electois ol the town of Easton, in said
county,   concluding  with   the  like   piayei     12
Also, the petition ol William Mowry and two hun-
dred  and fort)-tne otlur electors of the ton not
Gieenwich, in said count), concluding with the
like prayer     13.   Mso,   the petition ot  Garoli le
Culver  and   two   hun 'red   and eight  other   fe-
males, oí the said tow n of  Greens ten, pra\ ing for
the same object     14    Ako the pennon oí Maria
Savage and twenty-four other teniae ol the town
oí Gianville, in the said county, tor the like pi rposc
15. Also, the petition ol Maiy Gibbs and 21 other
females, ol said town ot Granville, lor the like pul-
póse,    lli. Also, the petition ol Robert L   Foster
and 23 other inhabitants of the county oí Washing
ton, playing the abolition of slavery ind the slave
trade in the District oí  Columbia     17   Also, the
petition ot Joseph Dobbin and 24 other inhabitants
ot the county ot Washington, in the ¡state of New
York, praying tor the same object     18   Also,   the
petition  oí   George Armstrong and  4i other mh -
bttants of  said county,  tor the like pm( os<      19
Also, the petition of Elias S Volentineend i i other
inhabitants oí said count), for the like puipo e 20
<Uso, the petition of Wilbam Dobbin and 22 other
inhabitants of said county, for  the like purpose
21   Also, the petition of Mary S Davton and 634
other women oí ihe city oí New York, tor the li ^e
purpos .
Also, the petition of Elizabeth Huil-
burt audi 47 o net women of Aikport, in the S ate
rt New Wi, lor die like puipose     jl   Also, the
petition of Mai y Brown and 104 other women oí
the city of New Yoik, corclt'd nsr with the hie
prayer. The last 10 pnitions Mr R moved to re-
fer to the Committee foi he Ü sir'ct ot C <'umbia
24. Mr. R. also presented the remonstrance ot Ro-
bert Tompkins and 104 other mhab tants of the
county of Montgomery, in the Suite of New York,
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States 25 Also, the remonstrance of Jonathan
Green and 96 other inhabitants of the county of
Washington, against the annexation of Texas to
the United States 26 Also, the like remonstrance of
F S Vo'eutine and 36 other inhabitants of the
town of Salem, m the said county of Washington.
27 Also, t íe remonstrance of Anderson Simpson
and 31 otl or electors of the town of Jackson, in
said countv, against the admission of any new S'ate
mto ihe Union, whose constitution tolerates domes-
tic shven winch said 4 last mentioned remon-
strance-, Mr R moved to refer to a select commit-
tee 28 Mr R then presented the petition of
James S G.bbons and 121 other young men of the
city (1 New Yoik, p*a) ng Conaiess to pass such.
1 iws foi the gjveini ent oí the ¡>str ct ol Colum-
ba as sht'l spcuie fi,««"i/, t) at iht %nl\ah>'anti
tncRof, the enjnpnviit if lile, libeiti, and the pur-
s(i t oí h ippints-- 29 Also, the petit on of Horan
Diessnand 252 othei <omg m n ot the cit) of
New York, concluding «ith the like prayer 30.
Also, the petition of Char'es D. Field and 407 other
young men of the city of New Yoik, for the like
purpos- which 3 last mentioned petit oris Mr R
moved to lelei to the Committee for the District of
Cilumbn j
On molí in,
Tne IIou erdji urned
IN SENATE,
Mos,DA-i, Dec   13, 1837.
Mr CALHOUN, appeared and took hi; seat
Tne VICC PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a communication fiom Ihe Secretarv of ne Trea-
sury, in obedience to a resolution of the 3d Pebrua-
ly last, relative to alledged abuses in the importa-
tion of goods charged in a Icttei from M Dodge.
The Secretar) states that the abuses were inquired
into, but answers had on1) b en received in one
instance
Mr KING did no' see that an) thing of conse-
quence vvou'd have bren e'i< ted if the questions
su forth hid been insweiu', he w< uld, however,
novo that it lie on the tib'e ani be printed, as it
m ght be anlled up hereafter, if neceser)  agreed to.
I'he VH :PRESIDE\T ako pri seated a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Mvv, in
obedience to a icsolution ot the Senate of the
13th Oi'ober last, showing the condition of the
Nav) Pens on fund, v hicn was laid on the table,
and oidtrtd to be printed
Ako, a c mnunication from '^e Commissioner
of the Public Buildings laid on t e table
Mi BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
sundry citi/ens of the c ty and county u1 Philadel-
phia, without disunctioi of party, repiesenting the
luinons consequents of the paper s)*ten>, and
pia) ing that all banks may be dispensed with tr-
deit-dlobe punted, and leferred to the Committee
on Finance Ako, nor  sundi} ci'izeus of Phila-
delphia, pi o nig ihe euction of a new casto lí-
bense refeired to the Committee on Commerce
Also, two memoiiak from citizens of Pennsylvania
against the amexaiKn of Texas laido tie table.
Ako, from the trustees 0. Vlh ghany Ct dege, pra)
in.; fcr a giant of land, also, in relation'to the Dna
loal both ot which were appiopnately referred
Mr WALLpi-sented a memorial fr m twtlve
men and tnrteen women, remonstrating against
.be anr etatnn ot Texas to the United States
Mr PRFSTOJN rose to make a s ngle remark.
It appealed to htm that political philanthropists were
pndeavirniJ to force tins subject upon the atten-
tion of Con  °s% at least it would appear so from
ihe n nnb-M of memorials that were continually
I oíd m j ip upon the Senate    He gave notice that
