34
he would at an early day, a very early day, intro-
duce a jmnt resolution that would place that sub-
ject at rest.
Mr. WALL said he had no further object m
view in the presentation ot mese petitions^ than tp
do Iils duty to his constituent?, and wai not de-
irous of doing any thing to provoke debate.
SLAVERY IN THE DISTRICT
Mr. WALL presented the petition of 115 ladies,
lahabilants of Gloucester county, in theState of New
Jersey, praying the immediate abolition of slavery
in the District of Columbia. Thíise f etitioners, he
would add, so far from being actuated by the spirit
of fanaticism, were, he waseonvmced, very sincere
and conscientious in what they desired He would
move to lay the petition"'oh the lablr
Mr. HUBBARD moved to lay that motion on
the table
Mr. MORRIS asked for the ) eas and nays.
Mr. CLAY wished the motion withdrawn for a
moment. It was manifest that ihe subject of sla-
veryin the* District of Columbia was extending
itself in the public mind, and daily engaging more
and more of the public attertion. His opinions,
as expressed in the Legislature of the country,
upre, he believed, perfectly well known He had
lio hesitation in raying that Congress ought not to
do what was asktd by the petitioners without the
consent ol the people of ihe District of Columbia
He was desirous of inquiring of the S nator from
New Jersey, or any other conversant with the sub-
j ^ct, whether the feeling of abolition in the abstract
\ as extending itself in their respective Stales, or
wl ether it was not becoming mixed up with other
¡natters—such, for instance, in the belief that
the sacred right oí petition had been assailed. It
became the duty of the Senate to inquire into this
In mess, and understand the subject well.
There «ere many, no doubt, oí these petitioners,
«1 o did not mean to assert that slavery should be
f 1 olished, that were contending for what they un-
du stood to be a great constitutional right Would
n i ot, then, under this view oí the subject, be the
best course to allay excitement, and endeavor to
calm down and tranquilize the public mind'!
Wou'd it not be wiser to refer the subject to the
Coiuiiiiitee ftrthe District of Columbia, or some
othe  cor irnulee, that would elicit all the facts,
rea si n coo'ly <<id dispassioi itely, presenting the
subject in ad n'eiim^ to the citizens of non-
sla"veh King States, aid u. a manner worthy of
ti e groat subject   wov'd n* si ch a proceeding be
eilciluilatci to insi re lmmoii) and amity in ill
pa N of the Union On this subject theie '«as, he
was await, gieat divorsit\ oi opinion, and he rose
merelj foi thepuip se ot n>nl Hi" these suggestions
to the Sen. te
Mi WILL «lid lie did act In heve, so far as
his Stile was concerned, that the feeling tor aboli-
tion « is on the in i a" , but 1 e did believe the
s bx-ct «..snivel npuith the r ght of petition
¡ n o' I " rf I is bi'levins; that right w.is in-
\ i < d hj 'ie 11 .i in which these memorial*
v <- i ^i. u' L.<. liiought if th s matter had been
11 t'ie 0 L, refened to the Committee on the Dis-
ii ct of Colu nb l, and a report made therefrom,
( nctiored bj the Senate,) calmly expressing the
i ('1113 of the Arrencan |eople, that there would
1   been no further trouble There was no dis-
1 j lion 011 the part of the   people to interfere with
i> rights of the Slates, there was nothing offensive
in fieir petitions, he would undertake to say,not
? 1 objectionable won!, they were merely acting
mi accordance with «hit the) believed aright in
illation to the District of Columbia, over which
ney believe Congress, has jurisdiction.
Mr CALHOUN, said he had foreseen what this
subject would come to, he knew it3 origin, and
aat n lay deeper than was supposed It grew out
1 a spuit of fanaticism, which was daily mcreas-
1 ig, and if not met m limine would by and-by dis-
s ih e this Union. It was particularly our duty to
Keep the matter out ot the Senate, out of the halls
of the National Legislature. Teese 'anaticswere
interfering with what they had no right. Grant
the reception of these petitions and you will next be
asked-40 act on them. He was for no conciliatory
course, no temporising, instead of yielding one
inch he would rise in opposition, and he hoped
CONGíiÉssróÉit; (MáÉm.
—it is not fanaticism, it is not humanity", it is-jjpt
philanthropy, but it íspaínorism' it is only toassert-
and maintain inviolate the great right of petition!
I perceive, sir, that one of the petitions presented
this morning is signed by, I think, one hundred and
eleven women. Allow me to ask when before, on
what other occasion, on what other great question,
have the females thought it their imperious duty
to step forth as Ihe asserters and champions of the
great right of petition 1 Allow me to believe, sir,
that such a motive constituted no part of their feel-
ings, never for one moment entered into their
brain , no, sir, it is the false fire of philanthropy, so
easily kindled in their warm and tender hearts, and
too easily fanned into flame by fanatical, vile, an<£
designing men.
No man, sir, in this wide extended empire, more
dearly loves, or would more sacredly guard, than I,
the great, the inestimable right of petition, as as-
serted and practised in England, and thence en-
grafted into our own written Constitution , but, like
pll other good things, ' is liable to abuse, and has
its limits , and I for one am bold to say, that the
subject now before -the Senate presents a limit to
this right The people have a right peaceably to
assemble and petition—for what? To take away
my right to enjoy "life, liberty, and the pursuit of
hapoiness?" No, sir but to redress grievances,
grievances to which the law-making power can
apply a remedy or corrective. The petitions must
not only be sent to a tribunal competent to hear
them, but must relate to a subject on which that
tribunal can legally and authoritatively act Sir,
the people are oec'tded, they have oceiuded them-
selves , they are occluded by the sacred compro-
mises of the Constitution—the charter of all their
rights—from bringing this subject before Congress
in any manner whatever as one of ordinary legis-
lation It is in vain to say that this right of peti-
tion has no limits We have been told this morn-
ing, that ice are the servants of the people, yet we
—this Senate—requires that every petition which is
offered to it, shall be respectful, in its language and
decorous m its form. Tb's, sir, is a limit, and
one liable to abuse, and whv not, I seek to know,
require that they shall also be pertinent in their
matter and legitimate m the>r object*
I ask gentlemen who are so sensitive in their
feelings, and so lautudinous in their notions, about
the right of petitu n, what they will do if a "respect-
ful" petition was presented to the Senate, praying
them to pass a law, directing tuat, in, future, each
one of our twenty-six sovereign States should have
on this floor but one instead of two Senators, as
guarantied, ay, compromised, t>y the Constitution1
Is there a member here woo would not scout from
this chamber such a petition, as going far beyond
anything contemplated by the terms 01 spirit of our
association1 The right of petition, as secured in
the Constitution, was intended to redress all griev-
ances within the pale of the law and the Consti-
tution, but not to subvert either
We are told, sir, that these petitions only relate
to the District of Columbia Who, sir that has at
all looked at passing events can for a mement be-
lieve this statement"! Who can believe that the
human ítv, the philanthropy, or the paii totem of our
Northern b-ethren can be sated by emancipating
the few slaves who inhabit this ten nitres square'
No, sir, this nondescupt District of Colnmbia, be-
cause of some plausible constructions given to cer-
tain equivocal expressions about the ''exclusive ju-
risdiction of Congress" his bee'i adroitly made the
mie'eus around which the abolitionists are to rally
their forces for a concentrated inov ement on the
States It is here, sir, m this District, that they
wish to enter the wedge, with which they would
rend asunder this great and glorious Union
Sir, sud Mr R we have been 1 by the Sena-
tot from Vermont that on this question, there is
no division of sentiment in his State, that on this
only quest on, all parties m po'i'ics, and ail sects in
íelig-on, come together and agree. Sir, let mein-
form that Senator, and the whole North, that the
entire country south of the Potomac, without any
regard whatever to party, or any thing else, is as
firmly united a  can possibly be the people of Ver-
mont, and will boldly face and defy the storm of
abolition, come when and whence it may    Gen-
everv man from me South wou'd stand by him
(0 put down this growing evil. These was
f ut one question that would ever destroy this
Union, and jhat was involved in thj i principle.
Yes- th.s was potent enough foi it, and must be
early arrested if the Union was to be preserved. A
man must see httle into what is going on, if he did
not perceive that this spirit was growing, and that
the rising generation was becoming more strongly
imbued with it It was not to be stopped by reports
on paper, but by action, and very decided action.
Mr. SWIFT said be had been entrusted with va-
rious memorials of a similar character to this, and
he therefore felt called on to say a few words.
When these petitions were referred, as was the
former practice, to Ihe Committee for Ihe District,
there was very h'tle excitement on the subject
There was a great difference of opinion on the
subject, some thinking that slavery in the District
ought to be abolished by Congress, and others
thinking diffeientlv, but from the moment that the
petit os were refused, to the present time, the ex-
citement had been continually increasing And
the petitioners viere not the miserable fanatics
which the Senator from South Carolina supposed,
they were among the most intelligent and respect-
able of the community, and the Legislature of
Vermont had adopted resolutions on this subject,
instructing their Senatots and requesting their Re-
piesentatives, to urge the subject on the considera-
tion of Congress
[Mr Cuthbert asked whether the Legis'ature
asked Congr ss 10 nidu'ge the full right of petition,
or to abolish slavi ry in the District ]
Mr S resumed The Legislature had asserted
the right of Congress to abolish slavery m the Dis-
trict, but Mr S firmly believed that if the petitions
had been referred to the District committee, as for-
merly, (or ihem to report upon them, it would, m
a great measuie, lave allayed the excitement
The mist of the petitioners weie not those gene-
rally called abolitionists, and they would have pro-
bably had no feelings on the subject, if the former
course of referring the petitions had been pursued.
Neither was it a question of parly in Vermont, but
men of all parties were engaged on 'he subject, and
on this subject they could unite Mr S hoped the
suggestion of Mr Cay would prevail
Mr ROANE, of Virginia, said, that warm, ar-
dent, and strong as weie all his feelings, and fixed
as was his opinion, on this subject, he should per-
haps not have opened his lips on the present most
unexpected occasion, but foi the relation he hap-
pens 10 bear towards the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which it is proposed to refer
this whole subject It is one of vast importance,
involving the dearest rights and interests of mil-
lions of our c tizens, and perhaps the Union of
these States A committee, raised to take charge
of the local concerns of the people of this District is
not, I humbly apprehend, tne suitable committee
for such a subject That committee w as not con-
stituted w ith reference to ques1 ons of such magm
tude and extensive beating, and I do trust that
should th s body untoitunalely agree to receive and
refer these petitions, with a view, as we are in-
formed, to have a calm, deliberate, and full discus-
sion of their 'ncnts, thev will send them to some
other committee—nay, raise a special committee,
composed of gentlemen who have the talent and
the taste for such d scussion, for I take thi> occa-
sion to sav that, neither in committee no' elsewhere,
will J ever consent to argue and disciss ihp merif
of this tender and vual question No, sir, when
my life and my ptoperty ale assailed, I piotect
them not by argument and discussion
"¡fSir,. the Scnatcr from Kentucky (Mr Clav) has
asked whethei the ma tiplication of t! t-se petitions
in the North, and the spread of feeling which
prompts them, is not mainly attributable to a be-
lief, on the part ol the pcop'e there, ihat the great
right of petition has beeri invaded by the direction
which this body has given to them tor the list two
years'! He Ins betn at swered 111 the affirmative
by the Senator Aon Vermont, (Mr Swift,) and it
is utterly denied that fanaticism constitutes any
part of the spirit wnich acluates our Northern
brethren, in thus eternally stirring a question which
they must know is vital to us of the South    Oh, no
