CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
New York; it was non-action1 it was to do nothing'
and get r>d of the subject without fixing a day!
Mr. B, denied that there was any validity m any
of the reasons given by the Senator from Kentucky
for delaying either of the bills. There was no ne-
cessity for these filthy shin-plasters. The Senators
alone received for their compensation more hard
money than the District required for change. They
had received all their pay in gold and silver at the
called session, and they were now receiving then
pay in hard money and Treasury notes, in the pro-
portion of two-thirds hard money and one-third
Treasury notes. This is the manner m which the
Senate is paid, its officers and all, and all its ex-
penses. He presumed the House of Representa-
tives was paid m the same way, and as the ex-
penses of the two Houses exceeded three thousand
dollars a day, it would follow that upwards of two
thousand a day in specie was leceivable by the
members and officers of Congress. This was the
daily supply, so that, leaving all other sources of
supply out of the question, Congress alone disbursed
vastly more hard money in the District than its bu-
siness could absorb, and it wa< accordingly pur-
chased up for exportation by agents whose adver-
tisements could be seen in e very newspappr.
The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Clay) has
declared that members of Congress cannot get
change without taking these shin-plasters; that all
are obliged to take them; that he has to take them
himself; and he has even made profert of a bundle
of them here in the Senate, by way oí giving em-
phasis to his asseveration. But it is a mistake.
No member of Congress is obliged either to give or
to take shm-plasters. The two-thirds of his pay
which he gets m hard money will pay all his cur-
rent expenses; and as for change, he will always
got the kind he gives. If he pays out shm-plasters,
he will get the «ame in change; if he piys out
hard mone\, he wih get hard money in
change. This was the invariable practice. Eve-
ry body knew it. It was seen every hour of
ihe day. Two persons making payment at the
same time, and to the same person, one paying in
hard money, the other in shm-plasters, receive
their change, in the presence of each other, in the
same medium which they use. The Senator from
Kentucky (Mr. Clay) had said people could not
travel except upon these shin plasters. The expe-
rience of himself (Mr. B.) authorized him to gam-
say this assertion. He (Mr. B.) had travelled six
thousand miles this summer, and no one had ever
offeied him shin-plasters or broken bank notes
The reason was, that he offered such trash to
nobody, and nobody offered it to him. Every
where that he had travelled, as well as in this Dis-
trict, he received hard money change, and that
without asking for it, it being a matter of course,
wherever he had travelled or sojourned, to give the
change in the same kind of money in which the
payment was made. Upon this statement of facts,
Mr. B. would abide the decision of the Senate, and
of the community, upon the issue which he had
joined with the Senator from Kentucky, namely,
that there was no necessity for postponing the
shin-plasler bill.
Mr. B. adverted to the other bill—the one to
compel the district banks to resume payment by
the first of May—and declared all the reasons
giuen by the Senator from Kentucky, in favor of
delaying that bill to be invalid and insufficient
One of those reasons was, that the banks of the Dis-
trict could not resume until their neighbors did—-
that there must be a general resumption, or the
resuming banks would be destroyed Mr. B. knew
this to be the co imon argument with all those
who were tor delaying the resumption, and it it
prevailed, there would be no resumption at all, as
many banks were either unable or unwilling to re-
same, and would never agree to any time that
could be named The Finance Committee had
looked to this contingency, and had framed their
bill on a sew principle—on a principle which
would enable the banks of any Stale, District, or
Territory, to resume when the legislative authority
pleased, and that wi h perfect salety to themselves,
although no other bank m the country, or in the
world, should resmne. The principle was to ll-
legahze the circulation of any uett-«pecie paying
bank piper from the day of the resumption, and
to make the passers of it liable for it as us issuers,
with a right of surmnary recovery against them.
Here is the section
•'Sec. 3   Jlnd, be U further enacted, That from and
after the first day of Ma) , in the yeai one thousand
eight hundred and thirty-eight, it shall be unlawful
for any person, company, or  corporation, within
the Distnct of Columbia, to pass, or offer to pass,
any bank note, or paper currency, issued by any
bank, banker, or company, not redeeming i's notes
and currency on demand in gold and silver, and
every  person  offending against this act shall be
subject to a fine of one hundred dollars for each
offence, and, moreever, shall be  deemed and held
to be the maker and issuer of such note or currency,
and shall be liable to pay the amount thereof, on
demand, to any holder thereof, with all costs inci-
dent to the protest and legal collection thereof, with
fifty per centum damages for non-payment on de-
mand, to be recovered by motion, on notice given,
or process served, summarily  and without delay,
and with a right of immediate discovery on oath in
all cases where the defendant shall deny the pars-
ing or attempting to pass the notes, or currency, in
question, and in case of judgment for the plaintiff,
execution shall be had thereon forthwith    And it
shall be the duty of the  district attorney of the
District of Columbia to commence prosecutions
for the recovery of the penalty incurred, against
all persons and every corporation offending against
this section, of which he shall have kuowledge or
probable information, and in case of corporations,
the prosecution shall  be against the president, or
any director or cashier thereof, for the time being "
By this  s etion, continued Álr. B the banks of
th-s Distuct will be perfectly sate m resuming on
the 1st of May next, although no other banks in
the country, or in the world, shall resume at that
Pine, fi l   the notes <f no   no-i-sp cie piuii" bank
caneóme  into competition «ith  them     All  such
are   excluded   from the District—banished—out-
lawed ,  and  if any  person shall bring any such
into the District, he, and  every successive passer
of it, is made in law what he is in fact, the issuer
of it within  the District, and is made liable for its
contents, with summary proceedings for the reco-
very.    Under this section, either no such notes will
be brought into the District,  or if they are, the
passers of them, each m his turn, will be liable for
their contents, and so it will cease to be uncoverti-
ble, and will be payable at th-> «i'l of the  holder
This docs away all reason for «   i ma for a general
resumption, and sets an evamplr, which being fol-
lowed by the Stites, each Cor i self, will enable each
one to resume when its T egislature pleases
Mr.B gave an additional reason foi sp pdy resump-
tion- it was the stateol the foreign e\< hang's, now
three per cent on the specie standard, in favor of
the United Stales    The non-r"snrap ion  party in
the bank  convention in New York  were enabled
to succeed in pi eventing the fixing of a day for re-
suming, solely by an objection to the foreign ex-
changes, then against us    This we learn from Mr
Johnson's speech  Since that tunc these exchanges
have becorre decidedly m our favor.   Theie is
then a total removal, at this time, of the ground
which the non-resumption party then   stood upon,
and it this change had taken place one houi before
the convention adjourned,one of three ¡esults must
have been produced, viz    either the non-resuming
paity must have agieed to fix a day for a general
resumption, or, invented some other pretext for not
agreeing, or, openly taken ground in favor of in-
definite suspension; and so established their title lo
the appellation of the  Universal Broken Bank and
Shm-plaster part}.
Mr. B said the country was now cursed with a
pestiferous cuculation of irredeemable bank notes
and shin-plasters, and th's curse, by a large political
party, was charged upon General Jackson and his
h¡ends, but he believed that events were impend-
ing which would enlighten the public mind on that
point, and show to the country who were for, and
who were agimst, a broken bank and a shin-
plas'er currency. The events in the New York
bank convention, and the votes—not the speeches,
but the votes—which would soon take place in
Congress, and in  the State Legislatures,  would
develope the true position of each political party,
and would make each known, not by its words,
but by its works. By that test he was willing to
abide, and should await its decision.
Mr. B said that General Jackson and his
friends had been the subjects of many attempts at
wit, for what was called their experiments on the
currency, and he presumed that many had repeated
that phrase, without precisely knowing what tho«e
experiments were. To all such he had a little
information lo give; and that was, to show them
what these experiments were, what success has
attended them, and what it is that the opposers of
these experiments have been, and now are, oppos-
ing. This was easily done, for they were com-
pressed into three resolutions, which he (Mr. B )
had the honor, some years since, to draw up, and
to submit to the Senate     They were
" Resolved, That a committee be appointed on
the part of the Senate, jointly with such committee
as may be appointed on the part of the House of
Represenlanves, to consider and report to the
Senate and to the House respec'ivelv, what altera-
tions, if any, are necessary to be made
" 1 In the value of the gold comed at the mint
of the United States, so as to check the exportation
of that com and to restore it to circulation m the
United States.
" 2 In the laws relative lo foreign coins, so as
to restore the gold and silver coin of foreign nations
to their foimer circulation within the United
States
"3. In the joint resolution of 1816, (for the better
collection of the revenues,) so as to exclude all
bank notes under twenty dollars from revenue
payments after a given period, and to make the
revenue sy stem of the United States instrumental
in the gradual suopression of the small note cir-
culation, and the introduct on of gold and silver for
tie ronmm cunen y   r 1' e <• >nntiy ."
Tntse weie the expeiiments, just to correct the
gold standard, secondly, to restore foreign coins to
circulation, thirdly, to effect the giadual suppjesion
of paper currency under twenty dollars These
were the objects, but, before we see what success
has attendel our exertions to accomplish them, let
us see what was the actual state of the currency at
that time, to wit. at the veto session of 1839 It
was this Of gold, there was not a single piece in
circulation; of silver there was, according lo the
estimate of a Senator from Massachusetts, (Mr.
Web er "  speaking on da'i furnished bv the Bank
*, In Tlnnrl Sta es, "from luern, lo twen'y-two
millions of ilollait," and of bank noies there was a
general deluge .if me si allcst denominations,
down to one dollar This was tha Mate of the cur-
rency in 1832, when General Jackson and his
friends undertook to imprne its condi'on Xow
for the result of their labors Of sold, the circula-
tion had been created, from nothing, to twelve or
fifteen million  of dollars, and the standard adopted
by u> has been found to be so precisely acciu ate
that the premium on American gold and American
silver is now exact!) the same' Our silver has
been incieased till it amounts, with th~ gold, to
upwards of eighty millions or dollars, and the small
note circulation under twenty dollars was in a
course of gradual suppression in every State in
which the political friends of Geneial Jackson
were in the majority This was the state of the
experiment in May last, when all the tanks in the
Union suddenly closed their vaults, and have re-
mained closed ever since. They all closed, though
all could not have desired to do so, and which did
not, and which did, will be as distinctly seen in the
diviiion on the impending question of resumption,
as if it had been opi_n'y declared at the time the
banks shut up.
To show the merit of the reform in the currency
effected by General Jackson and his friends, Mr
B had recourse to anotner test, that of the exports
and imports of specie; and he read a tab1" which
he had obtained from the Treasury Department.
Is only went back to the year 1821, which was the
earliest date that could be obta ned, and fiom that
time until 1832, the year of the veto on the United
States Bank charter, the results stood thus-
Imports.              Exports
1821         #8,064,890         $10,478,059
