48
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Dr. William Johonnot: read twice, and
committed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the kime commi'tee,
reported bills for the relief of sundry individuals,
as follows, viz:
1.  For the relief of Francis Vigo.
2.  Of Colonel Willis Reddick.
3.  Of the representatives of Nathan Tracey and
Thomas Gordon.
4.  Of William Vawter.
5.  Of/ohu B. Ashe.
6.  Of John Gordon.
7.  Of James Witherell.
8.  Of Apollos Cooper.
9.   Of Francis Taylor.
10.  Of the representatives of Joseph Young,
deceased.
11.  Of Levi Chad wick.
12   Of Thomas Knowltun.
13   Of Lathrop Allen
14   Of Samuel Jones
All the foregoing bills were severally read twicp,
and committed.
Mr. BIRDSALL, from the same committee, re
ported the following, viz.
1.  A bill foi the relief of the heirs of Crocker
Lumpson, deceased.
2.  A bill for the rplief of the legal representa-
tives of John De Tieville, deceased.
3.   A Hill for the renef of the legal representa-
tives of Captain John Marks, decea ed.
The abo\e bills were severally read twice and
committed.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, from the same com-
mittee, reponed
1   A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. Charles
Taylor, deceased.
2. A bill for the reliel  of the legal representa-
tives of James Purvis, deceased.
The above were read twice and committed
Mr. LAWLER, from the Committee on Puvate
Land Claims, reported—
1.  A bill for the relief of William Moore.
2.  A bill foi the relief of James Moore.
3.  A bill for the lelief of the heirs and legal re-
presentatives of the late Robert Palmer, deceased.
Severally read twice, and committed
Mr. HARLAN, from the same committee, re-
ported the ensuing, vi?
1. A bill for the relief of Fansh Carter, and the
heirs of Charles Williamson, deceased
2   A b'U for the fehe' of Stephen (Etienne) La
Lande of Alabama, rea>l twice, and comniiit d.
Mr LEADBETTER, from the s,ame committee,
reported the following, which were severally read
twice, and committed
1. A bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Daniel Warner, deceased.
2.** A bill for the relief of Hem/ L. Riviere.
3. A bill for the relief of Margaret Kingsbury.
Mr. MAY, from the same committee, reported
the following, which were read twice and com-
m tted
1.  A bill for the relief of Amelia Leach.
2.  A bill for the relief of Oliver Welch
Mr RAR1DEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Francis
Jarvis   lead twice, and committed.
Mr. AD IMS, from the Committee on Manufac-
tures, moved that the report made at the list Con-
gress on the subject of thp culture and manufacture
of silk, be again referred to that committee; which
was agreed to
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reponed a resolution directing the Cleikof
the House to purchase, for the use of that commit-
tee, some copies of the co'Iection of Indian treat e«,
which was agreed to.
Mr BELL, from the same committee, lepiited
the following bills, which «ere severally realtuice
and committed-
1.  A bill foi the relief of Us-'e-v oholo, a Creek
Indian.
2.  A bill for the relief of Milly Yates.
Mr REED, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported the following, which were read tw ice
and committed
1. A bill for the re'ief of Commodore Hull
2. A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons.
Mr. IOLGORE, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry Richardson, deceased: read twice
and committed.
Mr. ANDERSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin Hewitt:
read twice and committed.
Mr. WISE, from the same committee, reported
the following-
1.  A bill to provide compensation to James Bar-
ron, for the use of his invention, called " A Venti-
lator of Ships;" and
2.  A bill to allow additional compensation to
William Early, read twice and commuted.
Mr. BRONSON, from t ie Committee on the
Territories, reportad without amendment Senate
bill to ascertain and designate the boundary line
between the State of Michigan and the Territoiy of
Wisconsin.
Mr. B. moved that the bill be committed to a
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio inquired if it in-
volved an appropriation' because, if not, tt would
be expedient to pass it over without delay.
Mr BRONSON replied that it did, and the bill
was aeeorrfinsly committed
Mr. MORGAN, from the Commilteeon Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported the following
1.  A bill for the reliet of Samuel Edgecomb.
2.  For the relief of Isaac Hilten
3.  For the relief of Neil I McNeille.
4.  For the relief of Isaac Austin.
5.   For the relief of AmosThompson.
6.  For the relief of Daniel Davis.
7.  For the relief of Oliver Peck.
8.  For the relief of Benjamin Gannet, widower
of Deborah Gannett, a soldier of the Revolution.
9    For the relief of William York.
10   For the relief of Huldah Taylor.
11. A bill extending the provisions of the act
entitled "An act supplementary to the act entitled
an act for the relief of certain surviving officers
and soldiers of the revolution, passed June 7,
1832."
All the above bills were also severally read twice,
and referred.
Mr. KLINGENSMITH, from the same com-
mittee, reported the ensuing
1.  A bill for the relief of Solomon Ketchum.
2.  A bill for the relief of Ann West
3    A bill for the relief of William Fi'zserald.
4. A bill for the re'ief of William Tenkinson.
5   A bill for the rel ef of Toseph Veazie
6   A bill for the relief of Simeon Smith
All severally re->d twice, and committed
Mr JOHNSON of Virginia, from the same
committee, reported the following, which took the
same course
1. A bill for the relief of Conrad Widrig.
2   A bill for the relief of Fiedenck Hill
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Connecticut, from the
same committee, reported the following, which
were read twice and committed-
1.  A bill for the relief of Ichabod Beard'ley.
2.  A bill for the relief of Christopher Den-
nison
Mr HEROD, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following, which had the
same disposition-
1   A hill for the relief of Isaac Parker.
2.  A bill for the relief ol Charles Coffin
3   A hill for the relief of Josiah Wesilake.
4   A bill for the relief of George Baikley and
John Weaver
Mi. WILLIAMS of Kentucky, from the same
committee, reported
1. A bill foi the relief of Fielding Pratt
2   A bill for the relief of John Bos worth
3.  A bill for the relief of Samuel Brown
4    A hill fir the relief of William Pease.
5   A bill for Ihe relief of Thomas Allen.
All severally read twice and committed
Mi ALLEN, of Vermont, from the same com-
mittee, reported.
1   A bill granting a pension to Bradbuiy True
Jepson
2   A bill for the relief of Daniel Rartdon.
Read twice and committed.
Mr. BOND, from the Committee on Revolution*
ary Pensions, reported th« following, which bad the
same disposition:
1.  A bill for the relief of John MnDlellan.
2.  A bill for the relief of Josiah Clark.
3.  A bill granting a pension to Alexander Gillis.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill to restore to certain invalid
and other pensioners the amount of pensions by
them re'inquished : read twice, and committed.
Mr. PAYNTER, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Spencer C.
Gist: read twice, p nd committed.
Mr. SIBLEY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions,, reported the following; which
were read twice, and commuted:
1.  A bill for the relief of Frederick Wilhead
2.  A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Case.
3.  A bill for the relief oí Simeon Mo¡>¡>.
4.  A bill for the relief of Thomas West.
5.  A bill for the relief of Chauncey Ross.
On motion of Mr. BRONSON, and by general
consent, it was
Resolved, That when the Hous« adjourn to-day,
it adjourn over to Tuesday next.
The House then, pursuant to the order, went
into Committee of the Whole—Mr. MUHLEN-
BERG m the Chair, and considered a large num-
ber of private bills; after which the committee
rose, reported them to the House, and they « ere
severally read the third time and passed, as fol-
lows:
1.  An act for the relief of Chastelain and Pon-
vert.
2.  An act for the relief of Robert Dickey of
New York.
3.  An act for the relief of Major General Alex-
ander Macomb.
4.  An act for the relief of Samuel Saunderson.
5.  An act for the relief of Ebenezer A. Lester.
6.  An act for the relief of Jesse E. Dow.
7.  An act for the relief of Edward Burgess.
8.  An act far the relief of Daniel T. Patterson.
9.  An act for the relief ofWilliam Bailey, survi-
vor of Bailey and Delord.
10.  An act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of John McCarty, deceased.
11. An act for the relief of William H. Bell.
12.  An act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of David Caldwell, deceased.
13.  An act for the relief of Benjamin H. Mac-
kali.
14.  An act for the relief of James J. Pattison.
15.  An act for the relief of Daniel Davis.
16.  An act for the relief of James Baker.
17.  An act for the relief of the legal represen-
tatives of Roswell Lee, deceased.
18  An act for me relief of T. M. Canless.
10   An act for the relief of the lé¿al representa-
tives of Bohtha Laws.
20   An act for the relief of Joseph Hall.
21   An act for the relief of Jonathan Davis.
22.  An act foi the relief of Albion T. Crow.
23.  An act for the relief of William R. Taylor,
admmistratoi to Jonathan Taylor, deceased.
24.  An act for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of John Addoms.
25   An act for the relief of Allen R Moore.
26   An act for the relief of Elias Johns.
27.  An act for the relief of James McMahon.
28.  An act for the relief of Sarah Murphy.
29.  An act for the relief of Abraham Lansing.
30.  An act for the relief of Nicholas Hedges.
31   An act for the relief of Thomai J. Lawler
and S. M. Miles.
32.  An act for the relief of John Crepps.
33.   An act ¡or the relief oí Presly N. O. Ban-
non
34.  An act for the relief of F. Gardiner.
35   An act fcr the relief of Benjamin Mooew.
36   An act for the relief of Eli Horton.
37   An act for the relief of M, Gelston, admi-
nistrator to David Gelston.
38. An act for the relief of John M. Oliver.
39   An act for the relief of Christopher Clark.
40.  An act for the relief of Phillip Marshall and
the legal representatives of John Marshall.
41.  An act for the relief of Curtis Grubb
42   An act for the relief of John B. Perkins
