CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
site of a custom-house at Bath, Maine, and pur-
chasing another,
Mr. RÜGGLES, on leave, introduced a bill
asking the Commissioner of the Patent Office to
issue a patent to James Smith: read, and referred
to the Committee on .Patents.
Mr.' YOUNG introduced a bill for the relief of
Samuel Gibson: read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
A message from the President of the United
State-; announced his having given his signature to
the fcilUor the coast relief squadron.
Mr. WALL preserved the petition of Margaret
S. Wallace, widow of a Revolutionary officer, for
relief: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of James T. Ewbaak, for relief: .referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. RIVES presented fee petition of William
A. Weaver, praying redress from the sentence of
a court martip.V. referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.. .'
Mr. SEVIER' presented the resolution of the Le-
gislature of Arkansas, protesting, against the loca-
ron r,f certain lands in that State: referred to the
Corimitte'e on Indian Affairs.
.     ORDERS OP THE BAY.
The bill for the relief of Captain Samuel Wanen
was read a third time and passed.
The bill retraining the ísiue of small notes ia the
District of Columbia: was read a third time, and
on the question should the bill pass-
Mr. "SOUNG begged leave to propon,by unani-
mous consent, an amendment describing the de-
nomination oí notes to be affected by the provi-
sions of the -first section of the bill.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky expressed himself in
lavot ofVne amendment,-as at the last session Con-
gress had authorized the issue of ten millions of
Treasury r.oies, without particularly specifying
¡'neir denomination; and should this point not be
determined, there might be a danger in passing
even the currency. authorized by Congress itself.
"He contended that the relation of the two bills
■exhibited a curious manner of legislation. The
Senate had not on a former occasion scrupled to
issue a paper irredeemable in specie, and now they
ivere about to force on this District a course direct-
ly opposite. But the notes authorized at the late
session were large, (of'the denomination of $50 and
3IOU.I adapted solely to the purposes of the rich.
While we were now about to append penal denun-
ciation on every thing less than five dollars, appli-
cable directly to the' wants of the pooler classes,
and to prosecute the. offenders oefore a grand jury,
it was an odious sheme at best, and he could see
no justice in the measure. The bill, it was true,
presented- to his mindless objections now, since it
'¿ad undergone important and salutary mollifica-
tions. That odious clause regarding the summary
mode of punishment ami the requisition of oaths,
had been stricken out, and, as it now stood, he
.should have no objection to its passage if it pre-
sented features alike applicable to-the whole coun-
tiy. lie was unwilling to make this little, misera-
ble, ten mile square do that which it was impossi-
ble to eiTcct by the efforts of the whole country
united. It was true he had hopes, but ok,?;/ hope-.,
that this desirable issue would be effected through-
out; bat he could see no reason why this little Dis-
trict, which had always been behind in legislation,
.should now bo forced in advance, and made to
bear the brunt fnr the whole country. It would
seem that the whole ef'oits of the Committee on
Finance had beet! concentrated and expended to
produce this little abortion ci a bill, affecting on!/
this poor, miofr.thle Di trict, ami applicable oply
to die poor and wretched, the provisions of which,
even when broken, could not be construed uno
crime. Thi.; giand national committee, he con-
tended, should h'tve a higher aim. in view; itshonld
seek to improve the deranged currency oí' the
whole country, and to do this there was bat one
applicable rem?dy, nauidy: to establish a National
Batik, to be conducted Ly a disinterested corpora-
tion, and not by the Executive alone, blending pub-
lic and private interests; tins he was aware, would
not now be done, nor would it be recommended;
the hands of the President were tied by this House;
it had declared, even at the last session, we should
not have a bank, though prayed for by a fall ma-
jority of the,people. He hada special reference in
urging the last proposed nmenfunent; he did not
wish tose  that good functionary, the Secretary of
the Treasury, arraigned among the first for a vio-
lation of this law, as he most assuredly might be
if the amendment was not adopted.
Mr. T1UCHANAN s.i.d he nef'er entertained an
idea that the debate on this bill would have extend-
ed fetich an unreasonablelength as it had on Fri-
day last, when the discussion was of so stirring a
nature; and the more was he surprised, as this iden-
tical bill had passed at the extra session, with
scarcely any opposition, after the clause 1 elating to
the batiks of this District had been sodeken out.
Least of all did he expect to hear the hc-iorablc
Senator from Kentucky dt Bounce the measure in
the violent maimer he "had. The course pursued
by him had rendered it manifest who were the op-
posers of this wretched system of currency, and who
its advocates: however doubtful it might have been
upon whom the odium of this shin-plaster system
rested, that qitestioh was now decided! Mr. Bu-
chanan expressed himself not a lifle astonished at
the course pursued by the enemies of the bill. They
had, it appeared, retired when the question was
taken on ordering the bill to be engrossed, and the
result was a unanimous vote. Why did not gen-
tleman remain to record their votes against the
measure? He felt persuaded that if the question
could be submitted to the people of this District,
the result would be a decision as unanimous as that
of the Senate. Mr. 13. contended that the poorer
classes wore the greatest sufferers from the circula-
tion of these small notes. In many places ho
had heard and believed, there were large
amounts of counterfeit notes of individual is-
sue in circulation, the united effect of which was
10 injiire ami embarrass, making the sy.siern the
greatest curse to the poor. Mr. IS. denied alto-
gether the necessity of issuing; these shin-plasters
on account of the suspension of specie payments.
Silver quarter dollars and smaller change had
never been exhausted by exportation; that descrip-
tion of money had never, to any extent, been an
article of trade ; it was hoarded up in bass or old
stockings, from whence it would never find its way
into circulation, unless forced out by dispensing
with the use of those small pieces of irredeemable
paper representatives. In some of the western couní
ties 01 Pennsylvania, where he had been last .sum-
mer, in which there were 00 banks, and had been
no ls-.tie of small notes, he found specie change
circulating as formerly; and he doubted not it dul
generally in the interior, and there the miserable
trash was unknown. Should the banks i;o\v re-
sume, as he had hopes they speedily would, fuese
paper rags would, tall dead in the hands oí the
holders ; and who then would be the createst suf-
ferers, the poor or the rich? The measiaq
before them was one eminently calculated to be-
nefit the people, by placing among ¡hen¡ a sonad
curren"}'. The law, in Mr. B's opinion, was
wi-.e, tost and politic. A large majority of th¿
Senate had approved it at the called session, when
the time allowed was only thirty days, while now
it was extended to the 10th of April next. He
thought the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois (Mr. Young) was not neefssary; butilo
was willing it should be adopted.
Mr. CLAY denied the right of the Senat.tr from
Pennsylvania (Mr. Buchanan) to chatye hum with
retitins; to elude the responsibility of hi-, veto.
Was it not presumed when a .Senator 1. A the TIall,
it was done for legitimate purposes? K,id the
honorable gentleman himself never retired for
legitimate purposes? When, said Mr. C. was
I ever known to shrink irom meeting any
man or any question? Mr. C. stud he did not
care much about the hill; he did not know but it
might have been hammered into something suita-
ble for its purposes, before it was passed.
The Senator from Pennsylvania (said Mr. C.)
has made the great discovery that ice and our
friends are the great supporters of the paper sytem.
Have we not called on the party in power, over
and over again, to bring forward some proposition
calculated to cure the diseased state of the currency,
and how have we beeumel? Why with a little mis-
erable bill of pains and penalt: .against the poor
people ef this ten miles square. Who "• ere the chief
actors in the ruin which had overtaken tue cur-
rency? Why the Senator from Pennsylvania and
his co-laborers had produced ¡he fati.l conse-
quences, and vain arid fruitless won! 1 be the at-
tempt to escape from the effects of their blind and
deluded measures. We have been told (said Mr.
C.) there is plenty of specie in Illinois and Mis-
souri; yes, sir, and how did it get there, but by the
baneful operation- of that specie circular, which
drew it from its legitimate channel, and helped to
work the very evil of which the gentleman are
complaining? Mr. C. said he had no doubt if
the alternative were piesented to .he poor of specie
or these notes they would prefer specie; but this
was not the present alternative: it was these notes
or nothing!
Mr. C. submitted to the honorable Senator,
whether he believed it possible that the banks of
this District could pay specie while paper was the
universal medium every where else1! Mr. C.
thought it impossible. There xvas but one step to
take to cure the ill: to establish a United States
Hank, which, for forty years, had insured safety to
the currency and equality to tiie exchanges. The
Senator from Pennsylvania could not take that
coarse. He had entrenched himself behind the
President, behind the Senate, where a negative pro-
position had been forced through the body, telling
the people that if there was a majority in favor of
the measure, they should nothave it; and yet, (said
Mr.' C.) while we are deluged with Treasury notes,
-we are asked to put down the most valuable of the
ÍWu.
Mr. C. appealed to the Vice President*, whether,
for the thirty years he had been conversant with
the public business, business pertaining to the
District had ever been taken from its legitimate
sphere, the District of Columbia, to give it to the
Committee on Finance? Such a course, he main-
tained, was unexampled. Why was this business
thrust upon Congress from the Committee on Fi-
nance, at this early period of the session? Why
was it that this committee, supposed to be pre-emi-
nent for its wisdom, for its skill, for its knowkdg 
on national topics, should descend from high sta-
tion to legislate for this miserable, disfranchised
ten miles«square? Was such a course statesman-
like? Mr. C. said he was no more a friend to the
banks than the Senator from Pennsylvania ought
to be, but he -1H not like this eternal denunciation
B'-ainsi them for measures which had been forced
upon them by the acts of the Administration.
The conventions, and resolutions co.ning from
New.iersey and elsewhere, were refreshing evi-
dence that sotr.etb.int; would be done ere long, if
the p.'i'ty did no' slop in i'S wild career? Mr. C.
md.nta'ncJ that ii was not the resolution of Coti-
g-u'.v. Ilia  brought ab.-nt the resumption ot specie
payments in 18JS, but uist it was produced by the
Bank of the Uute 1 Siatii,; and the same happy
result mi..ht again be realised, Were it not for the
unfoitunate pledges of the President, and the mani-
festations of this and the other body that liad cut
us off for the present from our only resource. Mr.
C. cared little further for the bill, since its most
objectionable feature had been modified ; but he
thought the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Illinois was indispensable, or else the Sstre-
tary of the Treasury might be th3 very iirs-t hi be
indicted under the law.
ivlr. BUCHA NAN did not mean to charge the
Senator from iCemacky with withdrawing for the
purnose of avoiding the vow; he v as aw?re the
gentleman never shrunk from resp- .tsibihty, let it
come in what shape it might. Mi. B. had come
into the Senate ou F: may after the bi'd had been
discussed, and saw such a beggarly account of
empty boxes at the time the question was taken on
its engrossment, ar.d that, ia conjunction with ,'■■:
enemies of the bill not voting against it, gave ro^ta
for such an inference: ht, was willing, ho.,-over,
to take the Senator's: own views, and particularly
with regard to himself. Mr. B. made somefui-
tber remarks in reply to Mr, Clay, and maintained
that the resumption of 181G was the resuit of the
resolution of Congrtsss, which torced the measure;
many of those banks., however,, never did resume.
