CONGRESSIONAL -GLO&&
59

Imping asW^a ©pintó  from a head of a  depari-
mgn£ ,b ispait of .fee doty of these offieérs-to give
«U ..requisite informatíoií "when catted upon,, and
this was aH-suffieient for the.'purposes "of tiie. Se-
nate; •' He badnoiidea of taking;jnto, the-Senate
twehre #a«smd «¿vfees-s, 'Tfaiswquld be the result
of the precedent, they were about to establish.. It !
■was viráally asking-advice of, the twelve fheusand
posta asíer?.of:Ük'tTBíiortí- -Sordid ttíé,pu,b'íic.good
reqatee ft#,appqtfttment of,-twelve thoasand ,arddi-
Ijooaljflse^agents'. ..Th^íWóuktbé; the result.of
the measure ifeairied.ont.   Newspapers," and other
matters of fee kind, might bear their own responsi-
bility, as they were wont to do now-.   The provi-
sions'of the.resolutidn-would establish every little,
petty postmaster of the "wild woods a public insurer '
fbr.a.tííSÍBgjsom of five dollars, if sent by mail.  It
■Was a novel andstrivial measure, stamped as such
opon its. very face; andlie hoped newt to be called
upon to vote either for or against it,
Mr-'MLES.was sorry, that the .honorable Se-,
aator irom.Temiessefe (Mr. Grundy) was-sa much'
in fear if the resolpüon as to áread its very, touch,
or even affqM "it h. look. . He, * however, was not
particularly iitgent on the subject -at^ this timé, and
was, wfllfngJof.Seé toe ¿ease of-the Senate expressed
thereon. ~" '.,'"•-,.- "'•". .■'    • •'   . ■'-. •",.
On'Tp.otion  the resolution was laid on the tabíe.
,   Mx  TSTOB.YELL rose and remarked that at a
previous, day, on the occasion of the" presentation
of the Vermont resolutions, he had given, notice
that he had prepared a series of resolutions on the
subject of abolition, which circumstances had pre-
vented his'offeringtill the present moment. .
Mr, N'. then presented the following:
Jtesolveá, That trie Government of the United
States is a liational.Government only for the gene-
ral purposes .specified in the Federal Constitution..
That the Slates of this Union, in all their reserv-
ed rights and powers, are separate, independent,
and sovereign political communities.
That any interference by one or more States, or
by the people ofone or more States, with the do-
mestic institutions of any other State of this Union,
or with,ány of its reserved rights and powers over
those institutions,- is á'.palpabíe and dangerous in-
fraction irf'tfie(-spirit" of the Constitution of, the
United States,.tending'directly-to disturb the peace
and tranquillity of the Union.,, and td sever the
links which connect us together as'one people.
ThajMhe Senate of the United States, composed
of the representatives of the States in their sove-
reign capacities, and bound to protect the reserved
rights and powers ieft to them in the ¡compact of
Union, would regard any attempt, on the part of
the ■ Federal Government^ under the pretext, of
regulating commerce among the several States, or
under any other pretext whatever, to -prohibit the
domestic,trade between any of the States, or the
citizens of any,of the States,,allowed by them in,
any kind of property, recognised as such by their
laws, as unconstitutional in spirit and in letter:
Therefore,   -
Resolved, That the Senate of the United States
will neither receive, nor entertain, any petition,
memorial, resolution,, or other paper,-praying Con-
gress "to prohibit any such trade.
Mesolpect, That, as, it would be a breach of the
public faith of the nation to .abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia, without the consent of the
people of .the District, the Senate will neither re-
ceive, nor entertain,', any petition, memorial, reso-
lution, or other paper, praying for the adoption of
such measures, unless it proceed from the people of
the District of Columbia.
The resolutions being read, they were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MR. CALHOUN'S RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CALHOUN said, in calling up these reso-
lutions, it was not his intention, at the present
time, to enter into any discussion of their merits or
demerits, but merely to repel such objections as
might be urged against them. The resolutions
spoke definitely, and to all points, for themselves.
This confederacy censisted o: free, sovereign, and
independent States, each vested with supreme and
indisputable rights! Some there were, however,
who considered this a great National Republic,
made up of individuals, with rights common to all;
®f this class might be deemed the party termed
Abolitionists, in the North     It was the object of
these resolutions to bring forward the facts, and
display them in-their true light.   He wished the
deep deliberation of .every Senator, as he desired to ■
make the'-question, on their rejection' or adoption,
á fesi .question;   All present, every Senator, with-
out exception, 'had.confessed himself opposed to
the fanatieal-doctrine.of abolition; yet the South
had- no rallying point on which to. Stand;  and,
although their measures'-were justified by a great
portion of the North, yet there was among , them
another party, zealots in the cause of Abolition,
chiming aloud under the sacred right of petition.
Many, doubtless, were draw-n into that snare, who,
in  the first instance,  were  conservative in   their
views.    Whatever might be the diversity of opi-
nion, of this, great country, on other points, on the
matter now atissue no one could disagree.   These
resolutions, if adopted, would presentground where
all could stand, and express their real opinions
without trenching on or affecting the rights on
other points.    With regard to the right of slavery,
his opinion was unalterable, and he held it an in-
sult to have his rights attacked  on the question.
.,  He hoped the Senate would take sufficient time to
||' discuss calrnly the subject, and that  each   Sena-
.tor would express his individual opinion.
- He' did not desire them to pass by a bare-majo-
rity; he Wished them to pass by a unanimous vote;
be that as it-might, however, he would repeat what
h«  had before said, that he wished it to be con-
sidered a test question.    If these propositions were
rejected, the Senate will have said to the South
" come here no longer for protection;" by such a
vote the Senate would legalize a continuance of
these assaults.    If, on the contrary, they were
adopted, it would be a holy pledge of that body
to protect it (rom further aggression; but if post-
poned or  eluded, it would be incontrovertible evi-
dence of the unwillingness of the Senate to ex-
press an opinion; and consequently mast be con-
sidered a silent, acquiescence in the insults offered
to Southern   rights  and   Southern  feelings.    If
adopted, they would have a salutary eflect in tran-
quillizing   the public mind. • He looked to thro
resolutions to create an awaksning snirit in the
country m favor of the Constitution. The idea that
this-llepublic was made up of one'great aggreir.ire
of-individuáis, tended to increase the zeal of these
fanatics,and a.raorerapidspreadof their d.iclnnes.
The remedy must be found in the promulgation of
opposite doctrine's; and until-this-course was adopt-
ed, wo could look for nothing hut acoivtimr-i'T.e^f
their importunities.' When  the Republic v, is in
danger, he must look to State rights, (the  only
true conservative principles,) and on this depended
-the preservation Of ,the Union; and any   other
view must prove fatal to its peace.
The catire before the Senate he (Mr. C.) con-
sidered of great magnitude and impoitaiace, and
hence he did nal desire to urge on its progress: and
if there was no other motion desired, to be made by
any Senator, he would move to postpone it to
Wednesday next, with the. umlctvtr.nding that the
Vermont resolutions were not to be presented until
a later period; he was anxious for a calm and de-
liberate expression from the Semite, before the ques-
tion arose in the opposite shape, in which it had
already bei n so angrily discussed] >
Mr. PRESTON" spoke for some lime in answer
to Mr. Csr,HOo . He had not as yet had time to
consider the resolutions; he had seen them for the
first time in the Globe «f this morning. Mr. P. con-
fessed himself of opinion that it was now too late to
reach the extent of the e-yii by the presentment of
mere abstract questions. Mr. P. wished to hpa'-en
they might have such an effect; but he had looked
too long at the growing extent of the evil of aboli-
tion to suppose ¡t could be put down in any other
way than by the South presenting one firm, un-
broken phalanx.
Mr. CALHOUN replied to Mr. Preston, and
si>'d that the object he had in view was to test the
state of feelirg in the Senate to the extent of the
limits proposed in the .resolutions. He (Mr. C.)
had alreadv stated that his own mind had long
since been fixed; he had long seen, and still feared,
that the South must find the remedy within herself.
He had also stated that the resolutions presented
common ground. He would not be understood,
howevet, as establishing a" ground on which to
meet the Abolitionists. It was that on which the
opposers of the doctrine could meet. .He, for one,
and he hoped he had a ready response in the bosom
of every Southern man, would no longer meet in
argument fanatics that would violate any moral
and political principle to obtain their ends. It was
the test ground on which to decide in what manner
the South was to assert her rights.
Mr. PRESTON made a short reply to Mr- Cal-
houn. His objections to the introduction of there-
solutions was, that they allowed ground for discus-
sion; and that the subject ought never to be allow-
ed to enter the halls of the Legislative Assembly,
was always to be taken for granted by the South.
Again: what w^uld -abstract propositions of this
nature effect? He had them in the decalogue, but
did they prevent crime?
Mr. STRANGE said that no measure could be
considered child's p'ay when wives, children, pro-
perty, all that was dear to man, was at stake. Could
he be otherwise than excited (said Mr. S.) when
this sublet is brought on the tapis. He felt sorry
that the resolutions had hpen introduced; it was true
he had been consulted, but his mind bad not yield-
ed assent, because he was of opinion that lheSouth
always lost ground by discussion, and he wished to
avokl it from the very bottom of his soul. When a
memorial had been presented from the Grand Jury of
this District, praying that slavery miehlnot be abo-
lished in the District of Colitmbia,he had votedagainst
the printing of that memoria!, simply became he did
not wish the question to go before the world. If the
North sets us the example of excitement, why did
we follow it? So jar as he was concerned, he
agreed with the whole spirit of the resolutions, but
still did not think them sufficient to meet the exi-
gency of the ca e. He was opp.i-cd to their post-
ponement, because it would resul1 in a long and
piotracled discussion, in which the South could not
J'.'iil to he the sufferer. Let whatever action be
had upon them, on this question, as in all others of
magnitude, the greatest good must result from the
most speedy i.'itton. A postponement, though
df finite, would be actually, m Hm views of our oppo-
nents, equal lo an indefinite one, and was just so
much grounded yielded to the Abolitionists. What
good (asked Mr. S-) would result, if the resolutions
were ultimately adopted? Como whrn the;/
would, ho shi-uid .give theffl his or bal support.
Wl;;u did ¡h
( v ?t". ;V¡
■t'u  b.
if  al
IntlVlC!  pi'1'l..'lplt'S,
to which Iho Si
•nth ¿ml
I'gOin
and
¡ ngsJo certified?
Wliatbtilw.iri;
Ol'dofdli
'0 V d
l'POi
tod stronger than
the Oo:inIiIu:íw
n it.'e/f
Hven   nú vemeut on the
part of the Sot
ith "illy
v„> ■
add".
ami] s'leugth to
her opponents.
'.""os mi-1 -f,
..a
', h  •  only  sale
course,   v;irs   ;■
O   ¡\OUt:i
a  (j...
el. i
1 "i';ii   prepared,
fit the s-tme   II
if.'-',  to
O- .
,. i •'   ■
■ '. 4Kf--i'01.     Ti".
question v, a < n
it.   i¡ :■; i
! 1,0 t
, a s.
"iioi:  ' ■'oie;  bo:
rather one  m
vine';   !
"..0    ill
it'-re.-
is of. t'  ■ whoio
country wcro n
biro i:vo
ii-0.1-
-ih-
rüortli, lb;. South,
the East, the*.
."est.    a
o,..o Ho
n-  hi
o: tin--, only tend-
f'i lo uxoitc angry feeb
.ogs.
He
nad no doubt a
large msjoriiy
of the ."•■
r<>Mh.
hud
not  their heads
addled \\ ith thi
5 spirit o
:'j'::os
.liei-i
u, and by indulg-
ing too StlVllgl
V in sec
ho.nl
ie:b
iTf, we ciigiit ar-
ray the puro a
'•A-'i -d,
>f t'p
l p. it
■iion of thecoun-
try against n>.
v ,:-.•'
Í e:;e
il'vnr
"i's of aoy  kind
wore to bo <!„'y>
'.ored.
>ii ju:
>t   n.
•I 'i-v simn- their
danger.    Why
,  then.t
.h ni,!
vp
r-ee".-  to se'-   the
ball in motion
by tiloso
angry
' and
pxciiirg disou5-
sions?   We of
1 the Son
ill sho
idd '
,or  t'o the first to
assp/ne a.ho4ile posiiie:
prepái-'-d to
meet danger, como when tí minnt. with a firm ar.d
manly front. Would it be w;=p to attempt to still
the waves of the ocean by ru-kine: ago.¡tist them'?
None but a mo.roao woaid do it. Why, then
shou d we attempt it?
The current of fa-iatici-'-n which has crossed the
Atlantic, (sa;d Mr..-'.) nas, we but too plainly see,
swept away m its course one of our sovereisn
States; and how many more wet e doomed to fol-
low, God only kniw. Ourforefatherssaw the dan-
ger to which ws were subject, and provided against
it when they established the Constitution, behind
which we could entrench ourselves, and be safe.
What new! have we of any thing more than this
