64
CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,   -    ,
Friday, December 29, 1837.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio made a request to
the House to suffer, by general consent, the com-
mittees to report this morning, and afterwards pro-
ceed with the business on the private calendar. '
Mr. HEED and others suggested that petitions
had better be presented first.    >v ^ .*
The CHAIR remarked tiíat petitions -were the
first thing in order.
Mr. WHITTLESEY'S motion being objected
to, he moved a suspension of the rules; which was
disagreed to,     *    " _
Petitions and memorials were then, called for in
the order of States, and a number were presented
by-'                      .   .
Messrs. EVANS, FAIRFIELD, ANDERSON,
NüYES, DAVEE, and CILLEY, of Maine.
[Mr. Datee presented the petition of Thdmas A.
Htü and 102 others, for a new m'ail route from
Bangor, via WateryiHa,to Augusta, Maine; Also,
the petition of Spaulding'Ro'oinson and 87 others,
for a mail route from the military road to Fisk's
mills, State of Maine; which were refeir,ecl',to the
Committee on the Post' Office .and Post Roads.] '       ;
Messrs. CUSHMAN,ana WILLIAMS of New ;
Hampshire.                '   <   -
[Mr. Coshman moved that the following peti-
tions bs taken from the files, and again referred, Viz:
Petition of sundry inhabitants of Portsmouth, N. H.
praying for an appropriation for the improvement
of that harbor, by erecting a breakwater between
New Castle and Goat Island. Petition of sundry
inhabitants of Rye, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of that harbor. Petition of
sundry inhabitants of Exeter, piaying for an ap-
propriation for the improvement of that harbor and
the navigation of Exeter river; referred to the
Committee on Commerce.]
Messrs. RE ED, BRIGGS, CUSHING, CAL-
HOUN, LINCOLN, GRENNELL, BORDEN,
PARMENTER, and ADAMS, of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Parmenter- presented,the petition of Susan.
Bissett arid 1,568 other women of Charlestown,
Massachusetts, for the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the District of'Columbia; the same
against the annexation of Texas. Also, the peti-
tion of Samuel Gott and othersífor a surveyor of
the customs to reside at Sandy bay, in Gloucester,
Massachusetts. Also, the petition of Major Tho-
mas Harrison, for increase of pension. Also, the
petition of Henry Hatch, administrator, for indem-
nity for captures by the French prior to 1800.
The petition on the abolition of slavery was laid
on the table, under the order of the House.
Mr. P. moved to refer the Texas petition to a .
select committee; but on motion of Mr. Morgan
of Virginia, il was laid on the table.]
[Mr. Adams, after presenting sundry petitions
in relation to the cultivation of the mulberry tree
and the manufacture of silk, ^aid he would now
present the petition of Sarah Payne, and 119
others, inhabitants of Halifax, praying the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia. Mr.
A. observed, that as he hid before declared the
resolution adopted by the House " laying all such
petitions on the table" was unconstitutional, and
consequently null and void, he did not hold him-
self bound by that resolution anv further than he
was bound to submit to physical force. With that
view he considered he still had the right of moving
a reference of the petition to a committee, and also
all other petitions with which he might be en-
trusted. He had in his possession a petition, which
he intended to offer, demanding that the resolution
should be rescinded by the House. He did not
propose to offer the petition then, but he would
offer it, and he gave notice that at the same time
he should offer a resolution to rescind the former
resolution. With that understanding, he would
postpone the presentment of the petition until a fit
opportunity. He would also inform them, that
since the adoption of that obnoxious resolution, a
great number of petitions had arrived from Phila-
delphia and other cities expressing, in the strongest
terra*, the indignation of the petitioners at that
  vrannical and unjustifiable measure.
Mr. Lawler wished to know what question was
before the House.
The Chair intimated to the member from Mas-
sachusetts that his remarks were irrelevant to the-
.subject before the House.
Mr. Adams. I was merely giving notice of my
intention to move to rescind that infamous resolu-
tion. I do not submit to that resolution, any more'
than I am obliged to submit to the power of the
House: I denounce it as unconstitutional and op-
pressive.]                 ^
Mr. TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island.
Messrs. INGHAM, HOLT, HALEY, and
WHITTLESEY, of Connecticut.
[Mr. Holt presented the petition of Amasa
Clark, esq. of Hampton, Ct. and one hundred and
fifty-six males, and one hundred and seventy-nme
females, praying Congress to abolish slavery in the
District of Columbia. Also, the petition of said
Clark, and one hundred and sixty males, and one
hundred and eighty females, praying ihe immediate
abolition of slavery in the Districts and Territories
in the United States. Likewise, the petition of said
Clark, and one hundred and fifty-three males, and
one .hundred andi seventy-nine females, praying
Congress to regulate commerce in slaves among the
several States. Frorn the same, and one hundred
and sixty-one males, and one hundred and eighty-
three females, asking Congress not to admit any
State or Territory into the Union whose Constitu-
tion admits of domestic slavery. And, also, a
remonstrance from the same, and one hundred and
seventy-four males, and one hundred and eighty-
five females, remonstrating against the annexation
of Texas to the Union-]
Mr. Hale? presented the petition of Gilbert A.
Smith and others, praying for bounty on a fishing
voyage; and moved its reference to the Committee
on Commerce. Also, the memorial, of William
Prentice and 190 others, citizens of Norwich, in
Connecticut, remonstrating against the annexation
of Texas to this Union: moved its referenee to a
committee.
Mr. Haley asked the consent of the House to
introduce a resolution, which was read.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of an ap-
propriation for defraying the expense of buoys
recommended to be placed at or near the mouth of
the harbor of Mystic, in Connecticut; and moved
its reference to said committee.]
Messrs. ALLEN, FLETCHER, and EVER-
ETT, of Vermont.
[Mr. Allen presented the petition of Noah Chit-
tenden, praying for a pension for wounds and disa-
bility incurred ui the war of the Revolution. Also,
Abraham Story, praying for a pension for wounds
and disabilities incurred in the last war. Also, Jo-
seph Butnar, for a claim against the United States.
Sam'l Holgate, for a claim against the U. States.
Of the Rev. John Scott, and 140 other citizens of
Johnson, in the county of Lamoile, and State of
Vermont, praying for the abolition of slavery and
the slave trade in the District of Columbia. Also,
the petition of 63 citizens of Hyde Park, m the
county of Lamoile, containing a similar prayer.
Also, a similar petition of 271 citizens of Moriis-
town, in the county of Lamoile. Also, the petition
of 100 citizens of Milton, in the county of Chitten-
den, in Vermont, praying for the immediate aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade m those territo-
ries of the United States where they exist. Also,
the remonstrance of 115 citizens of said Milton,
against the admission of any new State into the
Union, whose Constitution tolerates domestic
slavery. Also, the petition of 138 citizens of
Wayne county, in the State of Michigan, against
the admission of Texas into the Union. Also, the
petition of 123 citizens of Wayne county, in the
State of Michigan, praying for the abolition of
slavery in the District of Columbia.]
[Mr. Fletcher presented, 1. Petition of 312 in-
habitants of Waterbury and Duxbury, Vermont,
praying that all propositions for annexing Texas
to this Uuion be rejected. 2. Petition of 73 men
and women of Wheelock, Vermont, for the aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in the District of
Columbia. 3. Remonstrance of 73 men and wo-
men of Wheelock, Vermont, against the admission
of any State to the Union whose Constitution tole-
I rates slavery.   4. Petition of 72 men and women
of Wheelock, Vermont, for the abolition of the
domestic slave trade." "5. Petition of 74 mea and-
women of Wheelock, Vermont, for the abolition of
slavery in the Territories of the 'United States. 6.
Remonstrance of Simeon Farngworih and 128.
inhabitants, of Waldeh, Vermont, against the'
admission of any new ..State who$e Constitu-
tion tolerates domestic ' slavery. 7. Remon-
strance of - E. P. Spencer, and' eleven inhabi-
tants of Newark, Vermont," against the admission-
of Texas into the Union. 8. Remonstrance of Da-
vid Young and eighty-four inhabitants of Kirby,
Vermont, against the admission of any new State
into the Union whose Constitution tolerates domes-
tic slavery. 9. Petition of Perez Mason and forty-
two inhabitants of Sutton,. Newark, and Burke,
Vermont, for the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. 10. Petition of David Young
and eighty-five others, of Kirby, Vermont* for the
abolition of the domestic slave trade. 11. Petition,
of Leonard F. Edwards and one hundred and
twenty-three others, of Walden, Vermont, for the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade in the Disq-
uiet'of Columbia.]                                         '*   ,
Messrs. CAMBRELENG, KEMBLE, MOORE,
McCLELLAN, JACKSON, MITCHELL,MAR-
VIN, CURTIS, JONES, FILLMORE, GRANT,
BRONSON, BIRDSALL, DEGRAFF, PREN-
TISS, CLARK, SIBLEY, GRAY, RUSSELL,
, TAYLORj LOOMIS, .SPENQER, BRUYN, and
BDWARDS>ofNe"wYor.k.~\. - .   ".    " '
[Mr.-CAJjBRELUfje, presented a memorial from
the-nilots of the "city'"'of 'New York, praying for a
repeal of the pilotage law of the late Congress; also,
a petition from the same city, praying for a repeal
of the duty on brass wire.]
[Mr. McCl'ellan presented the petition of Ben-
jamin Southard, asking a pension for services per-
formed and disabilities incurred in the Revolution-
ary war: referred to the Committee -on- Invalid
Pensions.]                          .                         -1
[Mr. Grant presented the petition. of Richard
Langer and 120 other citizens of the State -of New
York, inhabiting the northern boundary of the
United States, praying for the construction by Go-
vernment of a ship and steamboat canal around
the Falls of Niagara. Also, the petition of 129
citizens, residing iu the vicinity of Laks Ontario,
asking an appropriation by Congress to construct
s-tid ship and steamboat canal. Also, the memo-
rial of 141 inhabitants of the county of Niagara, in
the State of New York, asking an appropriation by
Congress for the s,ame object,]
On motion of Mr. GRANT it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourn to-day,
it adjourn to meet on Tuesday next.
[Mr. Bronson presented the petition of sundry
inhabitants of Jefferson county, New York, praying
the construction of a ship and steamboat canal
around the Falls of Niagara; referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals. Also, the petition of
260 citizens of the counties of Lewis and Jefferson,
in the State of New York, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from Turin Four Corners, by
way of Houseville, Martinsburg, West Martins-
burg, West Lowville, Harrisburg, Copenhagen,
Kilbornville, and Rutland, to Walertown, in Jef-
ferson county; referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.]
[Mr. Birds-ill presented the petition of Orlande
Hubbard, and sixty-one others, citizens of Senesa
county, New York, praying the abolition of slavsry
in the District of Columbia, and in other territories
over which Congress rightfully exercises exclusive
legislation, which, under order of the House, and
on motion of Mr. B. was laid on the table. The
memorial of Levi Laing and sixty-seven others
citizens of Seneca county, New York, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the United States;
which, on motion of Mr. B. was laid on the table.
The memorial of Joseph S. Fonfon and others, citi-
zens of Palmyra, Wayne county, New York, pray-
ing that Indian Key, Florida, may be made a port
of entry, and for the establishment of a custom
house and admiralty, court on that Island; which,
on motion of Mr. B. was referred to the Committee
on Commerce. Sundry papers and documents
from B. C. Fitzhugh, of Sodus, New York, in op-
position to the passage of a law by Congress, grant-
