CONGRESSIONAL &L.OBE.
85th Cong.........2vd Stss.
MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1838.

BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY
PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
[Continued fiom JS'o   4 ]
mg to William Wickham, of Sodas, N. Y. the use
of a fishery in water  ajaeent to the hgbt house at
Sodus Point, N. Y ; which, on motion of Mr. B.
was referred to the Committee on Commerce ]
[Mr. Curtis of New York presented a petition
of Eapherma Dobson and others, widows of per-
sons slam on board private aimed vessels during
the late war, praying for the re-enactment of an
expired law granting them pensions.]
[Mr. Sibley of New York presented the follow-
ing petitions, viz • Ot 2^1 voters ot the town or
Farmington, New York, for the abolition ot s'avery
and the slave trado in the District of Cdurabia,
of 35 men and 28 women of EasuB'oomfield, New
York, for like object; of 213 voters ot Farming-
ton, New York, tor the abolition of slavery and
the slave trade in the Ten tones ot the United
States., of 228 "voters of the same town, for the
prohibition of the " domestic slave trade ," a'so, a
remonstrance of 24 i valen ot the same town,
against the a 'mission of am new States which
shall tolerate slavery into the Union Vil la don
the table under Mr. Patton's resolution ]
Mr. CURTIS of New York gave nonce, lhai
when it shall be m order, he will ask leaie to intro-
duce a bill for the relie" of certain debtors of the
United States, and to repeal certain acts relating
thereto
[Mr Spencer presented the petition of Gabriel
Lambard, the petition of Yates Iloit, the petition
of Uriah Kmgsley, the petition ol Brudock iJick-
mson ]
Messrs. M\XWELL and RANDOLPH of
New Jersey
Messrs. POTTS, NAYLOÍI, HIARY, HUB-
LEY, TOLAND, M. MORKIS, PAYNTER,
McKENNAN, POTTER, HAMMOND, BEAT-
TY, PETÍUKIN, BUCHANAN, McCLURE,
LOGAN, BIDDLE, DARLINGTON, and OGLE,
of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. M. Morris presented two remonstrances
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States, one signed by 15, and another by 20 fe-
males, ol Bucks county, Pennsylvania Also,
three petitions for the ahóliüon of slavery in the
District of Columbia, and the terntones ot the
United States and the slave tiade l>etwn.n the
States, one signed by 11, anoihei hy 14, and
ano'her by 33 women, of Bucks, count), Penn-
sylvania ]
[Mr. Pjstrikin presented a petition m behalt of
the sufferers ot Wjoming Valley and their repre-
sentatives during the Revolutionary war, praying
for relief, which was, on motion, referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and that it be
printed ]
Messrs. McKIM, THOMAS, HOWARD, and
JOHNSON, of Maiyiand
Messrs. BEtRNE, JOHiNSON, BOULDIN,
TALIAFERRO, CRAIG, HOPKINS, and MOR-
GAN, of Virginia.
Mr DEBERRY Of North Caioltna.
Messrs GRIFFIN and LEGARE of South Ca-
rolina.
Mr. OWENS of Georgia.
Messrs. CALHOON, UNDERWOOD, SOÜTH-
GAT-i, S WILLIAMS, RAMSEY, MENIFEE,
GRAVES,MURRAY,and CHAMBERS,oí Ken-
tucky.
Messrs Speaker POLK, CARTER, SHIELDS,
TURNEY, CHEATHAM, CROCKETT, and
BELL, ot Tennessee.
Messrs HARPER, GOODE, ALLEN, MA-
SON, HUNTER, CORWIN, WEBSTER, CHA-
NEY, 0. MORRIS, WHITTLESEV, RIDGE-
WAY^LEADBETTER, and SHEPLER, of Ohio.
[Miv Hunter moved that the claim of David
Casweit^r an arrearage of his pension, together
•with ail pajjers on file relative thereto, be referred
toJhs ComtiBLttee on Revolutionary Claims. Also,
that the petition and papera of Joseph Wilson on
file be referred tq the Committee of Claims Also,
tb^t the petition, «ynd papers of Talcott Read be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. Mr H presented the
petmo i of E H Haynes and others, asking fot an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor of
Port Clinton, in the State of Ohio, referred to the
Committee «n Commerce. Also, the petition of
John Woods and others, for the establishment of a
post road from Lower Sanduskv, Sandusky co
Ohio, to Montgomery Cross Road , m the county
ef Wood ]
[Mr Webstfr presented the following petitions
Of Levi Weston, asurviwngsoldiei of the Revolu-
t on, asking to be placed on the pensioh list, ot
Amos Evans and others, for a mail route from
Waponkaunfttii, through Hartford, Austria, to
Sugar Orou, Ohio. The pttitioi of James M
owan, and other men, and of Ann Han, and oinei
«omen, prai mg the abolition ot slavery and of tV
slave trade w ¡thin the D,stnct oí Columbia, ant
of Joseph Douglass, and other-,, praying tint th<
sipplcalion fo' the adnvssion of Texas may be ic-
jeet d ]
Messrs   WHITE,   DUNV,   and EWr\C, of
Indiana
Mr   CASEY of Illinois
[Mr ( jsj \- presented the pellín n oí the ciU7ens
of the late C'dage towrshm, m Favette county,
Illinois,statin.; that the petition! rs had íasidod upon
said township Í >i a number of jeais, the greater
portion oi which time the township w as the proper-
ty ol the State Some years ago, Congress passed
a law authorising the Slate to select anothei ton n-
ship m lien ot the one above described, by which
it became the property ot the United States aeain
Sm rai pre-emption Iiws have been pused by <_ >n-
iiess since then i. silence upon the land, bat,
fiom the construcu n ol the hw, none wer-
peimttttd to enter in said township unt I
a few days previous to the expuatton of the last
pre-emption act, very lew of the citizens knew that
the land could be enteied at all, they, therefore,
pray the passage of a pre-emption law for then
benefit, leferred to the Committee on the Public
Lands Mr C also presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Montgomery county, praying
tit establishment of a post route from Hillsboro
lo Slielbyvillt, aho the petition of sundry cni7ciis
of Colts countN, piawngthc establishment oí a
tn .il route lrom <_h ith slon in Coles coiinty, through
Independence, and New Albany, to Uroaima in
Champaign o mnt^, the 1, Iter t«o pet ions re pried
to the Committee on the l'i stOllio and Post Road--.
Messrs LAWLER, LYON, andCIIYPMAN,
of Alabama
[Mr Chapean presenkd a number ot petitions
from ahont twelve hundred (itizens of the Cheio-
kee nation, m Ylabama, piaymg pre-emption
ngnts and the establishment ot anew 'and district
v rhm that terntoiy , and asked mat so much of
said petitions as lelated to pre-cmpnons be refened
to the Committee on the state oí the Union, to
which tne bill on that subject had been lefmed;
and so much as re I j tes to a new land district, be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands which
weie referred accordingly.]
Mi MÍLLE.R, of Missouri
[Mr Millfr picsented the following petition*
The petition of Geoige Lynch, piaymg Congress
to giant him additional pension Also, the pe
tition ol Majoi Thomas Hanison, ol Washington
City, late ot the army ot the United Statts, pray -
mg Congress to grant him compensation for txt a
services perfor ned by him, while performing the
duties of mili arv storekeeper. Aho, papers m
the case of Ja esMoinson, of Missouri, pssignee
of Charles [> nnv. refened to the Committee of
Private La  t Claims Also, the petition oí
Captain Lewis Bissell, ot Missouri, praying
Congress to grant him compensation for a ties-
pass committed on his property by an offi
cer in. the service of the United States.
Mr M. moved that the petition and accompany-
ing papers of James Morrison, assignee of Charles
Denny, heretofore presented io Congress, praying
ihe confirmation of a certain tract of land, be
taken trom the files of the House, and referred to
the Committee on Pmate Land Claims Also,
tnat the petition and accompanying papers, hereto-
fore presented to Congress by George Lynch, pray-
ing Congress to giant him a pension, be taken from
the ¡Ves of 'ne House, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Invahl Pensons Also, that the petition
and accompany ing papers of Lewis Bissell, hereto-
fore presented to Congress, praying compensation
for a trespass commuted on his property by an
officer in the service of the United States, be taken
fnni the files of the House, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.]
Mr CRARY, of Michigan.
[Mr Cruny presented the petition of the inhabi-
tants o' Huron, Wayne county, for the establish-
ment oi p p 1>t route from Monroe to Ypsilanti. He
also ker' ,u (I obtained Kive to present and have
i ferrelih> I illow.ng resolutions and memorials
\ joint resoluu m ol the Legislature of the Staff
of Alichisn i, ifUuve to certain propositions made
by Congiess to said Lesislature Also a joint re-
solution ¡or ihe establishment of a port of entry at
the town oi St loserh \lso a joint resolution m
letohon to die impioiement of certain harbors and
the construction oL certain light-house  on the lakes.
Also, a memorial of one hundred and seventeen
c.ti/ens o1 Michigan, praying lor the construction
of a ship canal around the Falls of Niagara.
AKo, a m 'inonal foi the improvement of the har-
bor at the moudi of Clinton live ' ]
Mr. DOWNING of Florida
M-  TOMCSot Wisconsin
[\tr Ji\,s oi Wisconsin presented p«ti>nns>
jilting fr i hit passage of a pre-tmption law Pe-
tition ot John Hord Memorial for a haiborat
ueivaukee Petition of Henry Baird and others.
Memorials ot the Legislative Assembly of Wiscon-
sin Territory, praying tor the passage of a pre-emp-
tion law, tin the improvement of the navigation of
Fot river, li r a load from Milwaukie to the Mis-
sissippi nier, for a harbor at the month of theMd-
«aukie nvei, ior haibors at Turn, Manatowae,
and Sheboyagan rivers, for a road from Chicago to
Or<-en Bay, for a div «ion of the Territory of Wis-
consin, foi the constiuctt. n of a harbor at Root ri-
ver, foi the grant nj; of the nghi ot pre-emption to
the occupants if mmcial lands Also, resolution*!
ol the sime bodv, on the suhject of the northern
bound iry of Missoun, and on the subject of the
hanking piivikge Meioonal of citirens of the
S'ate of New York, praying fo- fe construction of
a ship and steamboat can il a ound the falls of Ni-
agara Petition ol citizens of Racine for a harbor
at the mo oh o' Root nvci Resolution of the Le-
gislate Assembly of Wisconsin, on the subject of
a ship canal around tne falls ot Niagara Petitions
from the people of Wisconsin, on the subject ot the
northern boundary of Missouri. Petition for a
mad route from Madison to Co'nmbus, Wisconsin
Territory ]
On mot on of Mr FAIRFIELD,
Jleiohal, That the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
a'lowing to the legal representatives of thp late Ed-
mund Roberts, (who died at Macao in June, 1836,
while engaged o i an embassy to the eastern courts
of Vsia,) a continuation of his salary till the re-
turn ot the United btates ship Peacock, or until his
effects reached 'his country.
On mot.on of Mi. CALHOUN, of Mass.
Resolvet', That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be instructed to consider the expediency
of providing fot th? establishment of a hospital for
the insane within the district of Columbia, sub-
stantially upon the plan of the hospital for lunatics
tn Massachusetts
On motion of Mr SMITH,
Keiolved, That the petition, and report therein,
of Bartlett Holmes, praying tor a pension, he taken
from the files of the House, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pension'
On motion of Mr PARKER,
