menlofthc Peona Land Dstici, m the State of
Illinois.
Also, a bill to establish two additional land offices
m that part of Wisconsin Territory west of the
river M'ssissippi.
Also, a bill to create the office of Surveyor of the
Public Lands in Wisconsin Territorj.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill to allow such purchasers of the pub-
lic lands as m the years 1818 and 1819 were per-
mitted to take credit by law, the same relief as was
extended to those who availed themselves of the
credit system.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the same committee, ¡e-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of John Bra-
ham, late icceiver oí public moneys at Huntsville,
Alabama.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of James Middleton Tut-
tle, of Arkansas
Mr BOTJLDIN, from the C ommiUee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill relating to the Ot-
phan's Court m the county of A'etandna, in the
Distttctoi Colu nb'a.
Mr. MUHLENBERG, fiom the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, repotted a bill for the íehef
of the heirs and teial repie=entatives of Capt Pies-
ley Thornton, deceased.
Also, a bill for the relief of the heirs and legal
representatives of Garland Burley, dtceased
Mr. CRAIG, from the same committee, reported
the following, viz-
A bill for the relief ot the legal íepresentat ves
of James Burton, decease'
A bill for the relief of the lt£;al representatives
oí Captam Thomas Cooke, deceased.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Captain Tarpley Whi't.
A b 11 for the íehef of ilie legni repiesentativ^s of
Will um V tu\
Mr. TAHA* ERRO, irom tiie same committee,
repotted the following:
A bill for the relief of Thomas E. Sudler and
others.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thornton Tay-
lor, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Nancy Haggard.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill tor the relief of the legal re-
presentatives of Martha Woodlef.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims reported a bill for the relief of John
Diion.
Also, a bill for the íe'ief of Thomas Todd.
Mr. LEADBETTER, fiom the «ame commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of Polly Lemon.
Also, a bill for the rebel of William Washing-
ton Bigham.
Also, a bill for the relief of Aaron Stout.
Mr. L0OM1S, from the same Committee, repor-
ted a bill for the relief of James Cooper.
Also, a bill for the relief of John Borev.
AKo, a bill for the relie! of William Clark
Also, a bill for the relief of Zebnlon Baxter.
Mr. LAWLER, fiom the «ame Commt.tee, re-
potted a bill for the relief of William C. Hazard.
Uso, a bill for the relief of Mary Sroupe
Mr. KEMBLE,from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John H
Hall.                                                      _
Mr. REED, from the Committee on ¡Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill to authorize the Secretary oí
the Navy to purchase a tract of land belonging to
the heirs of John Harrison, deceased, being nithin
the limits of the navy yard, at Charleston n, Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. GRANTLAVD. from the same Committee,
reported ¡? mil for the refief of TJ. Walker.
Mr. MILLIGAN, from the same committee,
reported a hill for the relief of Samuel Hamilton
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs, reported the following resolu'ioD,
which lies over one day, under the rule-
Resolved, That the President of fhe United States
be requested to communicate to this House, as far
as the same may be consistent with die public in-
terest, all the information m either of the Depart-
ments, respecting the capture, by the United States
sloop of -war Natchez, of the Mexican vessel ol
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
war the Ge icril Urrea, audits subseque ¡' restorv I!
t on by the United States to the Mexican Gortrn- 11
ment
Mr. DROMGOOLE, from the same comm itee,
reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin Hewitt.
Also, a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives oí Benjamin ilodges, deceased.
Also, a bill for the relief oí Cornelias Manning.
Mr. CUSHING, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives oí William Tudor.
Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, reported the following, viz:
A bill granting a pension to Richard Elliott, of
the District of Columbia
A bill granting a pension to Seth Whitney, of
New York
A bill granting a pension to Benjamin Price, of
New Jersey
A bill granting a pension to William Harper, of
South Caiolina.
A bill granting a pension to Presly Gray, of
Kentuckv.
Mr. MORGAN, fiom the same commntee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John M'Cormick.
Mr JOHNSON of Vnginia,from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of James
Franc c
Mr EWING, from the same committee, reported
the fo'lowmg, viz :
A bill lor tne relief of William Smith;
A bill fur the relief of Ann Bloomneld-,
A bill tor the ielief s( Primus Hall, alias Trask;
A bill for the íehef of Catherine  Rollins, alias
Cat'ienne Moscly.
Mr WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, from  the Com-
mntee on Invalid Pensions, reported the foil iwii,
A bill lor the íohef of James McFarland
A bill fot t1  íehefot James Fleming
\ b '1     i the r^'ieí oí Tau ^ Walket                    '
Mi   MCLiLLAN,   ft  New Yortf, If in   l'e  j
same committee, reported the following .
A bill granting a pension to Richard Hall.
A bill granting a pension to John R. Midwinter.
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont, from the same com-
mntee, reported a bill for the relief of MyraChapm
Mr JOHNSON of Virginia, from the Commit-
tee on Account , reported a resolution directing the
Cleik of the House to pay to the  Hon. Mr. Noyes
the sum of yJ59, being the  amount of Treasury
notes paid to Mr. N. to that amoijnt,   accidentally
destroved by tire; which was concurred in
Mr TALIAFERRO, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, reported a bill authorizing
a subscription to a stereotype edition of the laws of
the United States.
All the foregoing bills were severally read twice
and committed
Bills irom the Senate on their first and second
leading, weie then taken up. Most of them were
private billi The following are those of a public
charactei
Act to restrain the cnculation of small notes m
the Dismct of Columbia
Mr. HAYNES moved lo ¡efet it to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia said he thought tins
"   bill ought not to be referred to that committee, and
he there'ore moved to lefer it to the Committee for
the District of Columbia; which was agreed to.
An act authorizm" the reliqmshment o1" the 16th
sections granted for the use of schools, and the
cntn of other lands in lieu thereof.
On motion of Mr. CASEY, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
An act authorizing the Slates to tax anv lam's
v, ithin their limits sold by the United Sta'es.
On motion of Mr CASEY, referred to toe «¡ame I
commi'tcf.                                                               '
An act to revue an act authorizing certain sol-
diers in the  late  wai to surrender their oonnty I
lands, and locate other lands in 1 eu thereof, and j
for other purposes.                                                   i
On motion of Me. CASEY, referred to the same j
coinmitiee.
An act amendatory of ihe act of itsSt, for ut i
b-tter oigan¡7atioti of the United S'ates Marine ,,
Coips.   "                                                                 'j
75
On mot on o Mr INGHAM, icferrcd to the
C jmmittec on Nav al AS nrs
An act to cotituiue in force im acts for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri.
On motion ol Mr. M 4Y,¡efeired to thi Commit-
tee on Pi uate Land Claims.
An act to aboli-di public executions in capital
case 5
On motion of Mr. HA YNES, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciarv-
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the bill pro-
viding lor the employment oí boys m the merchant
vessels of the United States was further postponed
till this day two weeks.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
On  motion of Mr.  H1YNES, the House re-
solved itself into a Commutes of tiie Whole on the
state of ihe Union, Mi. ADAMS in the Chair, on
the President's Message.
The question pending was on the resolution of
Mr. Haynts, which is as follow s-
" Resotvol, That so much oí the President's Mes-
sage as lelates to ihe finances, and eveiy thing con-
nected theiewiih, to the «afe-keepmg of the public
moneys, and every thing connected theiewith, and
so mucn as relates to the Bark of the United
States, be íeferred to the Committee of Wats and
Means "
And the amendment moved thereto by Mi.
GUSHING, as follows
Whereas the influence of the Executive Depait-
nvmt of the Fedeia! Government has, for some
time past, in deiogatton of the letter and .spirit of
the Constitution,continued to mciease, a .d ought
to be diminished—
Resolved, therefore, That, in order to correct Ihe
said abuse, so much of the President's Message as
relates to the co lection, safe-kreping, and tiansfer
of the pnbl'C noncj, le   reieiiedlo  ------,iwthm-
s n (i   ' *. t   repo f —
First, such method of keeping the public treasure,
effects, and olht piopeit},as m ilie judgment of
sjid committee shall conduce to pi ornóte the wel-
fare and to secure the liberties of the people, and,
Secondly, such other reforms in the piactices of
the Government as m their opinion shall tend to
I ring back the administration iheieof to the st-ui
(laid of th  original purity of the Consti'ution.
Mr. POTTER cf Pennsylvania addressed ths
House at length in reply to Messrs CUSHING
and others [Mr P's remark^, at length, will ap-
peal in to-morrow N Globe ]
As sion a? Mr P  had concluded,
On motion of Mr.  MURRAY, the  committee
rose, without coming to any conclusion, and then,
on motion,
The Hon e adjoarned
IN SENATE
Thursday, January 4, 1839
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of the In-
diana Manufacturing Company referred to the
Committee on Manufactuies
Mi. LINN prr-wnted t'i3 petition of Cap'ain
Knox, asking compensation 'or an injury su tamed
by his schooner, whilst employed in fanspottmg
ammunition foi the United Sta'es Also, the peti-
tion of Charles ft Hemstead, to be released from
further liabilities as ore of the securities of Thomas
Hempstead A'so, the petition of a namber of
lawyers of the St Lou's bar. for a change in the
law regu'ating the ioimsand modes of proceeding
at law in the cut mt court of the United States for
the distnct of Missouri Alco, the petition of
Edienne Govero, for the confirmation oí a Spimsh
giant to fifteen arpera ot land m the State of
Missouri
M< MORRIS presented the p tmon of a post-
master, praying compensation additional to that
afforded bv h s otfice relerredto the Commutes on
the Post Office and Post Roads
Petitions were aKo presented by Messrs B'10WN,
SEVIER, YOUNG, BENTON, KIN'J, and
WALL, for individual private claim1- "-ncraily
referred to the Committee on C'a.ras.
Mr TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reputed a hill authoiizuv the New
Albanv lailioad company the nght of way inrough
the public lands ordered to a second reading.
