76                                                 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. KING in:.-' ' -ced a bill for the relief oí cer-
tain ship "wne-s,th j fin-named for p¡op"rty los,:
read, and s -férrea >.< ihe Committee on Claims.
Mr. WEBSTER introduced a bill granting right
to import fie  of d <ty one Napier printing pros , as
a model: red, and referred to trie Committee on
Finance.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill remunerating the
captors oí the privateer Lydia: lead and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr   WEBSTER,
Resolved, Thi| the Secretary of the Treasury re-
port to the Senate the amount of custom rnuse
bonds executed for the year ending September 31,
1837. Adso, that the same officer communicate to
the Senate the amount of Treasury Notes iss.ie 1
under the late law.
On motion of Mr. LINN",
Ordered, Tnat one thousand additional copies ot
the'eport of the Secretary of War, of 30di nit.
with the accompanying documents and map, rela-
tive to the defence ot the Western frontier, be punt-
ed, and that one hundred copies be transmitted to
the Secietary of War for the use of that Depart-
ment.       <t ,
On motion of Mr LINN,
Resolved, That the Committee on iht Pubhc
Lands inquiie into the expediency of purchasing
the Mount Vernon property, now bekmgina to the
tamily of President Washington, for the Govern-
ment of the United States.
Mr. PRESTON introduced the to'Sowing resolu-
tion:
Whereas the just and tiuebonndaty of the Unit-
ed States, undei the tteaty of L >,. siani, extended
on the southwest to the Rio Uvnd= del Norte,
which aver nnt.nned to t  the beim h 'li'i intd
the territory west oi the S l;,ic v ." suircu. 'ted to
Spam bv the ticptv oh 5' ,(!
And u1 pi. -■ i i .l.lid • f " ,ji>t' <> i oi the
terntoiy of the United States is of evil precedent
and doubtful consii<uli"' ,''i'j.
And whereas maiv weighty considerations oí
policy make it expedient to ie-establisii the said
true boundary, and to te-annex to the Un'ted
States the termory occupied by the State of Texas,
with the consent oí Ihe said State-
Be it therefore resolved, That, with the consent of
the slid State pieviously had, an'' whenever it ctin
be eifecled consis.tnlly with the faith a1"! tr ..iv
stipula'n*,s of thr "iii'-d S'Upv it <s dcsiiub'e and
expedient f> ie-,ii)nr.\ ¡ne sad Tontón \< \K>
Um'cd States.
Which were laid on the I ible, and oidered 'o be
printed.
Mr. CALHOUN'S resolution then came up,
and amendments weie offered b\ Mr. NORVELL,
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, and Mi ALLEN, a d
disou>sed to n iate hour when, or, motion i f Mr
BUCHANAN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Fridi-s, January 5, I83S.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the following íesolu-
tion, reported by Mr HOWARD, from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, yesterday, b  take'i
up:
Resolved, Th?t thePres'd ni of 'he United S'ates
be requested to communicate to this House ?s far
as the same may b  conisten' w th the pubhe inte-
rest, all the information ir. eit>er of th > Deovt-
men s, respecting the capture, by the United States
sloop of war Natchez, of the Mf'^ui ve-.se1 oi
war the Clerwnl T-rc-i, and i's subsequent re-tora-
tion by the Urn ted states to the Hevcar Govern-
ment.
Mr. WH!TTLF,^"Y snhmittei t Mr. \. t'-e
prop'.-ty o ' "it'iira^ ui - hts rear st "ru the pre
sen', m . r'pr that repor s mi vtbe rr civet irorn
th ■ standing co "irn u <■«.
Mr. ADAMS con! * #i* consent to with law i',
a* be considered r i'ivo vii * a s bin t o' t. e b.gh-
est importance, and with that yew lie moved tl>n
the r-soln.ion be taken up and ^onsid'-"'ed at thi«
tint*
Objeet'on b-ing ma \e,
Mi. ADAMS moved a suspension of the raits.
He considered it of the greatest importance that i;
| shcu'dbe considered without a moment's delay,t
I m"re especially as m the papers of that morning
I it would be seen that themeac- of the United States
| w„s not only endangered with Mexico, but in ano-
i therqu-rter. Mr. A. then alluded to the events
which had recently transpired on the Canadian
I  frontier.
On the motion to suspend, Mr. WILLIAMS of
Noitn Carolina a«l.cd for the yeas and nays, which,
being o-deied, wer —yeas 79, nays 112-
So the rules were rot suspended
NORTHERN FRONTIER.
\ Message, m ¡writing, was received from the
President of the "United States, by the hands of
his pv.vate secietary, A., Van' Burén, Fsq
[The message will be found in the proceedings
of the Senate ]
I      Tiie Message, and accompanying letter, having
been rpad, were, on   motion  of Mr   HOWARD,
refdred to the Commiitee on Fo>ei?n Affa>rs
Mr. FILLMORE then ashed leave to offer the
following lesolntion-
..Ind be It further rewired, That the President
be lequested to communicate to this House any m-
I formation m his possession of acts endangei mg th e
am'cable relations between this Government and
'hat of Great Britain, either by the subjects tf
Gieat Bntaiti, orbv our own citizens on the Cauta-
dian frontier, and what measures have been
adopted h\ the Executive to preserve our neutrality
with said kingdom, or repel invasion from a fo-
reign country; and that he furnish the information
called for bv each of these resolutions in separate
comiBtt'icaii ms
Mr. HOWARD thought the resolution not ne-
cssirv after the Message just read.
M*. FILLMORK said he should press it, but
withdrew it at tl at iime to give an opportunity to
thj (ii'irni'ipes to f^nrt.
i Mr CAMrjRELENG, hum the Cura rtee ot
W. ys „nd Means, reported a bill making appro-
priable for the suppression of Inoian hcustiiiLes
for tie year 1838
Mr. POPE, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Thomas II Perkins.
Mr. E WHITTLESEY, fiom the Committee
of Claims, reported Senate bill for the relief of
Sainu Ji Miller, without amendment
M CU&HMAN, from the Committee oí Com-
meiee, leporie 1 a b, 11 for the relief ot John Keir
ai.d Ji.h'i P. Yorke
M'. LO,)X. fioiii the C, inniiitee on the Public
La"ds, rep.med, witiioutaiiicn 'men , Senate bi 1 t">
author ?e Petet Warner, of Lidian i, to ente, a
citain half sect on of land.
Mi. WILLIAMS of North Carol.na. fiom ihe
same c mimttee, jeported a bill foi the lel.ef of
John Mi Omviiii, |r.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Commut e on R-voln.
lionaiy Claim ^, repoited a b 11 foi the refcf ot th-
heirs oí W 11 am Cregorv, deceased.
Mr. HARL\N, fr"'in the Committee on Private
( aid Claims reporte 1 Senate bills for ¡he rehef o
Dam1-! Gush, to: the rehet of Josepa Bjsy. tor ihe
re i"f of Stbast in Butcher, a,id the he rs of 13 >•-
t lof.me ■ I!i trher; ana 'be b 11 to con'inue m f ic=
t.,e act m relation to private land c aims n Mis
s< on.
M'. HARLAN also reported a bill fo<- the rel ef
(f the legal represeotitives of Jc hn Daw-on, de '.
Mr COLES, fiom the Committee on Md ta.y
All if, reported a bill for the rehef of Daniel
P^rnfi.
Mr. COLES also sported the following resolu-
tion, w uch wis co.!'u ret ill:
Rcw'.vtd, Thut the Committee o't M, iti'v
Atfatisb1 iistiiuvl o inquire uno t! e cxvlv,'/
i i ""i ,'pg j,it) tffjot i'.e rts^'itioi) (,   t'.e C n-
tT,   i.t       Co   gtess,    £T"  '1(1 i^    'TloPUi\e¡s    (^    ;',e
rti'ii.'i of g i-ra' offi^us ot li.e KevoiUtonaiy
A' iii, -i d i e reso'utton to erect .. unible column
it Y i.l, in Yirg   n
K". IN i'iA^I, fr 'i the Com mttee on Naval
\n\ rs, iv i nt-i a re olu'i >' reforms to thit com-
mi tee a 1 'ha unfn eK-d bu^uiess i '" ti  Naval
Cv..,i. pe of the last Co"giess wh.c'.i «>as ctn-
• iried u.
Mi REED, from t! e same committee, reporied
U.e i0.1j,yi.ig risolaLJo, whicn was cone aired ¡n •
.       Retolved, That the Secretary ot War be directed
.   to lay before this House a chart, :n a reduced foraj,
of the harbor of Provmcetown, in the State of Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky, from   the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the
1  relief of Samuel M. Asbury.
j      Mr. ALLEN of Vermont, from the same cem-
EKttee, reported the follow.ng, viz-
Bill for the relief of Nathaniel Davis
Bill for the relief of Robert Whitleit
Mr. HEROD, fiom the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the tehef of Isaac Boyd
M'. FILLMORE then renewed his motion to
' submit the íesolution previously submitted by him.
?      Objecuon b< in2 made,
;       Mr. FILLMORE moved a suspsnsion of the rule-
lost.
The resolution of Mr. HOWARD (as given
above) commg up m its order,
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales
be ^quested to communicate to tnis House, as far
as the same may be consistent with ihe public inte-
rest, ail the information m either of the Depart-
ments tespecting the capture, by the United States
sloop of war Na'ehez, of the Mexican vessel of
war the General Uirea, and its subsequent restora-
tion by the United States to the Mexican Govern-
ment.
Mr. ADAMS now moved to amend the resolu-
tion by adding thereto the following:
" And also copies of all instructions to the offi-
cers of the Government of the United States and
all correspondence with them, with the Governors
of any of the States, and with the Governments
and officers of Mexico and of Great Brr&in con-
cerning the preservation of th* neutrality of the
United States in the civil wars and insurrections m
Alex co, and m any of the C.itish provinces tior'h
o: the United States, since t.ie yeai líib, and par-
ticularly of a letter irom the late President of the
United States to the Secretary of the Territory of
Arkansas, dated on or about the 10th December,
1336."
Mr. FILLMORE then moved to amend the
amendment by adding thereto the following.
" And that the President be requested to commu-
nicate to this' House any aau.tncnal information in
his possession of acts endangenng the amicable
relations between this Government ant that of
Great Entain, enter bv ihe sub;eciS of Great Bri-
tain or ty our own cit /ens, vn the Canadian fion-
tiei, and uhat measuies nave b en adop'ed bj the
Executive to pies.cnc nui neu'rality with said
Kingdom."
Mr FILLMORE, m supp irt of this amendment,
remaiked that the House were probab'y aware that
there had been, and no« was, a great excitement
existing on the Niagara frontiei. and that there
had been movements in BttrTaio in leference to ihe
levdjuon now raging in Canada. They were al-
so priaablv aware that an armanitnt had been
fitted out rmsth by Amercan citizens, which had
m?de a s and upon Navy IdanJ, which is wahm
British teintory, ¡n Niagara mer. twenty miles
froii Buffalo, and i vo or three miles above the
F-ilfs- the ¡"west point at which a eioss n? can be
effected, safely, from the mam shore. The line
he'A-een th  two countries passes between Navy
Wand, which is well fort fVd, and Giand Hand,
whicn is in the territory of th  United Slates.
Mr. F understood fn m iet'eis and papers of
very late dales, fien be'bre Hra, ihat ¡here were
rpon Navy Island some 1,500 m«n.-who are un-
1 der?omg a course cf mdiiaiy d sc.DÍme He had
1 iters to the 30th tilt, -.dvong h, ,i tnat a saiall
s'eambnat, ctl'ed the Car dine, bad been taken
do\n th° river from Rnfaio. <o -nn ,-sa fern-boat
fiom the ir-rean -h^ii nOJav, haul It seem-
  1 'h it on the 39'h a  m-meo force came from t^e
Crush side, i-. C nada, and attacked th s steam-
to t \>hch'«-d i-een rn^i. m thiough the day.
^nl which was then lung\v,m n the United Stiie<
tines, killing some and wi undmg others, then set-
j t 'ig the boat on fire, and se- d'ng it over the falls,
and, ?i some accounts a'ieged, wn the wounded
siill remaining on boaid. And here Mr. F. read
extracts from the letters, which he averred wer ;
from the very highest and most responsible sources.
