78                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quired some notice. It sounded very stiangely in
his ears for gentlemen to rise and declare, when
any opposition was made to their measures, that it
came from a majority of the House who were
always required to toe the mark «pon every ques-
tion, while they who thus complained pretended
that .they were not influenced by any such fpehngs,
or actuated by party motives. He could easily
appreciate the feelings of those who thought they
had. been treated with injustice by the majority upon
that floor; but he thought they ought at least, on
some occasions, to be charitable enough to admit
that the opposition from the other party was ac-
tuated by motives as pure and disinterested as their
own.
He fully agreed with the gentleman (Mr. How-
ard) who had offered the resolution, m his ejec-
tion to the proposed amendments. The general
practice of the House would show, that in a resolu-
tion reported from a committee, the mover had no
powt.-, of himself te accept a modification.
It '¡ad been contended that we were " on the
eve ol a war with Great Britain;" but, for his part,
he could perceive no sign or indication ofiUch an
event. He did not believe there was the least dan-
ger of a rupture between the two countries, as each
of them understood its interests too well to admit
even the thought of such an occurrence. So con-
vinced was he of this, that he had no hesitation in
saying that, in the present state of things, a war
between Great Britain and the Uni'ed States would
be the greatest calamity that could possibly befall
the civilized world It were folly to suppose tiiat two
great and tree nations, cemented together by all the
ties ot language, interest, and bkiod, would sulfer
that harmony to be destroyed by the hare-brained
rashness of a few people scattered alonsc 'he fron-
tier of Canada. It might just as reasonably be
supposed tftaf two individuals, who had subsisted
together for ye.u> i>i the most intimate friendship,
would quarrel over ¡< s'.rybt dii'eiepco betwten tno
oftheirchifdre.n. If gentlemen would reflect, they
would sec that the true policy of the two Govern-
ments was to adopt wise measures to remedy tfce
evil; and in that way all differences could be easily
settled, without the remotest danger of involving
the two countries in a bloody war, as had been an-
ticipated.
He then recapitulated the incidents of the aiTUir,
as they appeared from the papers, and from the
letters read to the House by Mr. Fillmore, and
contended that the attack was probably the rash
act of a subaltern oificer, who was sent "> cm cut
the boat while on-the Canada side, at -vnw H-
and, and who Iranscended his orders, in making
that attack after the boat was within the United
States lines. He doubted whether tliero were any
wounded persons on board the boat when she wis
sent (on fir ') over the Falls, and repudiated tun idea
that any portion of the people of the British pro-
vinces could possibly hav  herí guilty of rn act
so barbarous.
Mr. H. did n't believe any occasion of war ex-
isted between this Government and tnat of Great
Britain. British troops, he admitted, might have
crossed disputed territory, or even over our ac-
knowledged territory, to reach those who had
violated our laws iu carrying arms and other aid m
favor of those with whom thai country were at war;
but even from that fact, allowing it to exist, it is nut
the necessaty consequence that there should be a
declaration of war on the part of the united States
against Great Britain. He alluded to the law of
nations, and to our own history, in pi oof of his as-
sertion, and contended that the fact of a few- troops
passing ever neutral ground for the purpose of
reaching an enemv, was not necessarily a suffi-
cient cause for making war.
He had no objection to either of the proposed
amendments, provided they could be kept distinct,
as he was perfectly filing foi die House to receive
all the intormation which could be obtained.
Mr. C1LLEY adveited to the remarks of Mr.
Howard, in relation to the mild and lofty course
which that gentleman thought the Government,
tinder existing circumstances, should pursue. Mr.
C. could not agree with the gentleman in his re-
commendation lor mild measures, when he took
jnto  consideration   the   aggravating  conduct  of
Great Britain for many years past, in relation to
the northeastern boundary of Maine. Mr. C. then
took a review of that question, and entered into a
detail of the circumstances attending it. He ex-
patiated on the long forbearance of the people of
Maine, and contended that the dispute was not
owing to the boundarynot "being clearly defined,
but to a desire of the British Government to obtain
part of Maine, for the purpose of connecting their
provinces.
Mr. C. proceeded to state that he would make a
few remarks in reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
who had undertaken to apologize for the British, '
and to throw the whole blame of the steamboat
attack at Niagara on an officer who had disobeyed
orders.
Mr. HAMER wished to inform the gentleman,
that in his allusions to that affair, he had not
spoken on his own responsibility, but his remarks
were founded on the infotmation contained in the
letters read by the gentleman from New York,
(Mr. Fillmore.)
Mr. CILLEY was sorry  he had misunderstood
the gentleman; but what had the British done on
the  borders  of his   State—Maine?     Had   they
not, times  without   number,  arrested American
citizens,   and   put  them   in  prison?    The   peo- ¿
pie of Maine had borne it, because they were de-
sirous of preserving peace; but none but themselves
could form any idea of what they had to suffer.
They would bear it as long as they could; but gen-
tlemen might depend upon it, that they would not ,
submit to further aggression, but would resist to
the utmost, until British tyranny should cease from
the land.    He was willing to go as far as any gen-
tleman to invest the Government with power to
preserve neutrality, but nothing on earth could
make him suppress his feelings for the sons of ¡i-  1
berry,  when they were struggling in  a just cause, j
It was the duty of Government, in the nr.-t place, '
to aseeitain that they were right, and having deter- ¡
mined that, it was also their duty to  follow up its j
measures with proper courage.    If their cause was
a just one, they ought to proceed; and no matter if
the fires of war did burst out at both ends of the
country at once, they were abundantly able to blow
it out.
Mr. BRONBON alluded to the defenceless state
of the  northern  frontier,  owing  to  the  military-
troops having been drawn away for the purpose of |
prosecuting the war iu  Florida.    He considered !
¡hat troops at 'his time  were as !ve"e-sary  for th_-  :
protection ol the northern frontier ,-.s .rev wer? in ;
Florida; but, at the same time, he deprecated such ;
remarks  as that  we weie upon the eve of a war j
with Great Britain.    He trusted that the good un- i
!    der- landing between the   two countries would con- I
time  to   exist,   and  that  the  existing  difficulties !
would be speedily settled  by the  adoption of pru-  ¡
dent measures. He would, however, call the alten- ,
t'on of the House to the true Male of that íivnlier. ;
The recent  ebullition of feeimg  and excitement, !
j    was but a sp-.'ck compared with what was coniiuu-
|   ally going ou in all  the  provinces, atnia long the i
j   whole line.                                                               i
Mr. B.  then  adverted to the f>ct of 1,000 or ¡
1,500   men, probably most'y from  the  American
side, having entrenched themselves on Navy Island, :
under  the command  of  an   individual of  httrh '
family in the city of Albany, and  undergoing the
stride*! discipline.  Also to the circumstance of arms
having been taken almost  openly fioai the armo- :
ríes, and the high slate of feeling along the whole
line as far as Plattsburg, as all the gentlemen from '
Vermont were perfectly acquainted.                         ¡
Mr, B. proceeded to show the state of the public i
mind m Canada.    He said that since the recent I
occurrences h.id taken place, the regular exchanges i
between our newspapers and those of Canada had
been slopped; but from a tew  Canadian  papers
brought over the lines, and which had been for-
warded to him, it was very evident that the tone of
the people of Canada could not be mistaken.   Mr.
B. then read several extracts from the papers; alter
which he said it would be evident to the House that
the amendments ought to be adopted, as it was of
the highest importance that all possible information
should be obtained.    He also wished to call the at-
tention of the House to another important subject,
viz: that of the increase of the army. The raiU-
tary posts of the country had been stripped for the
purpose of sending the forces to Florida, and" the
department was now unable to send troops to the
North, for the simple reason that there were hone
to send. He urged on them the necessity of adopt-
ing speedy and decisive measures to preserve neu-
trality, as well as to protect our citizens fro  ag-
gression.
Mr. HOWARD would repeat what he had be-
fore said, that it was not his intention to oppose the
' amendments calling for information, but to separate
them. He did not, as an individual, feel himself
at liberty to assent to any modification of a resolu-
tion reported, through him, by the committee; but
the subject had been referred to that committee,
and he could not believe that, when they reported
to the House, they would keep back a single par-
ticle of information which mi.; ht be necessary to
the formation of their judgment. It was well
known that, when the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions presented any measure  they threw open
every avenue of information. His wish was'to
keep the several calls for information distinct, as
no benefit could arise from t.Tammelling one with
another.
If the gentleman from Maine had understood
him to say that he admitted any doubt as to the terri-
tory in dispute, he must haveexpressed himself very
imperfectly. He would take that opportunity to
state that he had examined that subject formally
years, and had come to the conclusion that the claim
of the State of Mame was established and sustained
on every ground, and that he saw no legal title in
the British Government. But he would ask, now
that the subject had remained unsettled for up-
wards of twenty-five years, would it not appear
ungenerous to press the subject when Great
Britain was involved in domestic troubles of her
own. Would not the nations of Europe infer thai
such an act was a proof of our weakness, in seizing
on such a moment of embarrassment to obtain that
which we had sought in vain for a whole geBera-
tion? Were an individual, having a quarrel with
another which he had failed to prosecute for years,
to rush upon his enemy when he was attacked by a
third person, it would be esteemed an unmanly and
cowardly act. Therefore, as we had suffered the
affair to lie dormant so long, he trusted that, under
the present peculiar circumstances, it would not be
pressed Yet he coincided fully with the gentle-
uiin from New York, (Mr. Fillmore,) that theGo-
vernment ot the United State* ought to protect our
frontier, and he ti usted that the ¡uteres' and honor
of the nation would be guarded with the greatest
zeal, and ¡f it should be proved that aggressions bad
been .made, he was convinced that the legislative
and executive powers would not express the willof
the people if they did not insist on r-paration.
Mr. SIBLEY, when reviewing our present p<;n--
lion, was convinced that peace could not long re-
main, unless more energetic measures were ado,pted.
He had felt afraid that the Executive hvd not
adopted such measures as the laws now ¿xisting
placed in his power. But if, after all tho fi means
had been tried and found ineffectual, he would then
be willing to grant additional power.
Mr. PATTON, although he believed thefeaisof
the gentlemen who had offered the amendments to
be wholly unfounded, thought that much time
might be saved, and the enel attained, bv further
amending the resolution, so as to call on the Presi-
dent to furnish intormation on the various proposi-
tions in separate communications.
Mr. FILLMORE had no objection to accept of the
amendment; but before he took his seat, he would
state that the charge of arms having been taken
from the public arsenals, was a mistake. It was
true that a quantity of arms had been taken frem
Buffalo, but not from any of the arsenals.
After some brief remarks from Messrs. CUSH-
IN  and F. O. J. SMITH, the amendments of
Messrs. FILLMORE and ADAMS were severally
agreed to; and the question recurring on the origi-
nal resolution as amended, it was adopted.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the statements oí the incorporated
banks of the District of Columbia; which, on mo-
