80
Mr   BUCHANAN preterite!   two   mernorah |j
from citizens of"Philadelphia, for the completion of I
the frigate Rantan   referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs
Mr ROANE presented the memorial of several
batiks m the District of Columbia, for an extension
oí their charters referred to the Committee on
Finance
Mr. BENTON introduced a bill for the relie! of
the heirs of General William Eaton read and or-
dered to be Drinted                                                   !
Also, a bill providing for the unrfoim paj ment for
horses lost in the United States, military service or-
dered to a second reading                                         I
Mr   YOUNG, from the Committee on Claims ,
report-d a bill (or the relief ol---------Hoben
Bill for the relief of Lh Horion                            '
Bill for the relief of Benjam n Morse
L II for the relief of Francis Gardner,
B I for the relief of John M Holland,
"Which were ¡severally re id, and ordered t' a
seco   ' reading
Mr HUBBARD, fiom the Committee en
Claims, reported a bill for the relie! ot Jonathan
Davis   ordered, With the íepoit, to be printed
Mr. WALL, itom the Committee on Military
Affairs, r poned a bn' explanatory ot an act rs>a-
blisning the pay of breyci off-cers   orde.ed to a ,
second reading
Mr NORVELL gave- no'ice, that to monow lie
should ask 'eave to luti oduce a  bJl supplemen-
tary to the "act-to pnvide lor th    at jus nent o* I
titles of Ian J in the toivnot T>tto t   aulltrnoi    |
oí  Michigan, ami ioi ott ei puiposes,"  and  a bib  |
lor t! e lehof ol Augustus A  > icho son
OimotioLol \ir   NOK.VLLL,
tfe* fieri, That the Committte on the Tost Offie
and Post Roads inquire into the expedient j>    >   -, ■>
blishipg a m?i! unte  I rom Mackinac to ti ^     i
Ste "isni    Hi ilie  ^tat< of Mich gao
Mr NORVELL presen ed a n ciiu ><u tro n uit
Mayor, Recorder, and Aldeimen, or the cjj ot
Dftioit, praying íi r the passage of a Lu supple-
mentary to the 'Act to pioyide ioi the a Ijustrnent
of titles to la id in. toe town of Detroit, and Pernio ,1
ry o Michigan, and ioi otlvr purposes ' tele led
to the Com mttet on the Public Lands
Mr N  a'so p.tsented a manorial fon su dry
inhabitants ot the ^tatc of Michigan, praying I      n.    i
appropriation <v  improve tne hir >or ot Poll k ae
don, at the 'iiJuth of Pigpon mer, on L ike Mi hi     |
gan refers I u il * Coimn lunio mi icr
Mr. IN  asi   pieseniu   i  win n lrom i        is
C cotte, of the count) of Waj m, State ol  V. eh -
gan, prawn   a grant <J land    rekrr d to the < <. n
mittee on Private Land Cia ms
Mr LlIsN introduced  a bill foi the i -lief ot C
Maiaud and others read, and rekritd to the Com-
mittee on Revt 1 n onarj CI urn 
Mr WALL, from the Comtr-ittce on Mihtarv
Aña rs, reported a bill accompanied by a sp CJl,i
report fu tnt -elief if Mary A Kirepalnck lead,
and ordered to he pnn'ed
On motion if Mi   W1LKER,
Resolved, Ti at the Committte on the Post Office
and Post Roaos morare into the e-qW eticy of
extending certain post routes in Mississippi
Also, 1 om same committee, reporting adverse to
the petition ol Jame-, Allen adopted
Also, from same commitee, repotting adverse
to the petition of the Union Bank of Georgetown,
for compensation, lor money lost at the Baltimore
Post Office, uhich report «as on motion of Mr
BUCHANAN, laid o'erfoi one day
Mr PRESTOS fnra the Commit! eon Mi! tan
Affairs, rs ported a bill to amend th  act Oi l-^,
establishing the pay if brevet «fleers oror d 'o
a second reading
Mr ROBINSON, <Yom the ( ->pi nit'e1 on tl °
Post Office td Po Poads rioo-ed ,? iversr <o
the peu'ion ot J mn Lute an "not!  r, fm cotnp u-
sation fot money   c si h' n?n mission vy mail
Mr, CLVi    de i ed to 1 n *  of 1'ie Committee
whetherthev hid examined tn   ta ts relame
th" mcoeí being tr nsr-'Med. by   mal   and   i r j
Wfuetn CT-argB of   <ni  thr pgi  peg pet rf   he
ag n      ' f,1e Depaitm nt
Mr K08IN30V icplied Ui a th" Co nmi'i - aJ
no evidence brought before them except saca as
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was furnished simply by the memorials themsetves.
It  as true it had come to th°ir knowledge indi-
rectly, that some editor of a newspaper of Balti-
more had been privileged to enter the post office m
that place, and had been found guilty of robbing
the mail, and was now suffering due punishment
tor the offence, yet there was no proof that the mo-
ney alleged to have been lost was among that
v. hich was purloined at the time
Mr CLAY admitted that the legal conclusions
of the committee were perfectly correct, yet he
wished that the inquiry into the matter might not
stop here II was a subject wh ch interested the
citizens ol every* section of the country It was
understood to be th.p practice tn many pl?ces to ad
mit certain persons into the offices, and to examine
the contents of the mail Such admiss'ons on the
part of postmasters he thought highly reprehensi-
ble He wished to inquire to what extent die prac-
tice was earned It was a gocd opportum v to
make a tnorough investigation of the matter For
any mdiv dual to be permitted to break open the
mails, and handle the letters and other cuntents,
yy as contrary to the spirit ol the institution, and
should receive the strict scrutiny of Congress
Mr C wished also to inqu re whether the
paiticular case in question had been investigated by
the Postmaster General'
Mr ROBINSON replied, that he understood the
whole matter bad received a thorough iiyest gation
r>V that officer
Mr CLW 'hen moved mat trie reoort be aid
on the tabl  , v, nich motion %\ as aíreed I ~
The repite! the Commiitt  on Na - ArTairs
adverse to I - pe. tion of Na han Gun ,isjn uas
adopted
A repon fri ir tN Secretary of Sta"> > it<_ to
t'^e number and ••«.Id íes of clerks empl 'C1 ii ¡ i'
depai'ment al i, from the Treasure De ' n i
sia ng thr cr i it >" o( the ban1 -it ■• Í1 *r 11 cr
( olambia i sr, n m the War Depa t «. r i-
tive to a sin e\ ol OwK Head and oth  r har^ois,
in Maine «e cally laid on the table and ordered
o be prmt d
On motion of Mr   PRESTON, the resolutions
offerer1 bihm \esteidav relative to the annexation
^Tevas to me United State , nere taken up, and
h^ moved that the consideration thereof be made
ne ' >"   At orler o^the day forTuesday week next.
^ ip o'^ec'ion to the mo'ion being made by
Me    s CLA> ot \l?bama and MORRIS,
1 motion t\i j on the fiist Monday of FcV i >ry
fi  that piii-i'>se-«as a^ief ' 11
The consideration ot Mr Cunoi \'s i-csoitituns
on the subject ot abolition was resu ed A dis-
cussion thereon was continued till a la'  hour,
 i,v,out taking a vote on any question except the
adoption offered by Mr Ati-\ of an amendment
to an amendment to the third reso'ntion offered
jesterday by Mr Simn of Indiana This amend-
ment \\ is adopted—teas 12, nays 14, is follows
YE\S—Messr  Allen, Benton, Brimn, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun Clay ol Alabama, Clav of Ken-
tucky Crittenden Cu hbert, Fulton Huobard,
K ng, Linn Lu npkm, Lyon, Nicholas, Jsiles Nor-
vell, Perce, Pieston, Rues, Roane Robinson,
Sevier, Smith of Connec.icut, Southard, Strange,
Walker, White, Williams, Wnght, end Young
—32
N4YS—Messrs Bayaid, Black, Clavton, Dims,
Knight, McKean, Morns, Prentiss, Robb ns, Rug-
gies, Smith of Indiana, Swift, Tipton, and Wa 1
—14
When, on motion of Mr  CLAY,
The Senate adjourned
[On Wednisday, Mr NORVELL presented a
ra<nnoiia! from sundry inhabitants ot he county of
Beirten, Siat'-of Michigan, praying íorthe p s-ase
ef a general pre-emption las The roemor il was,
on the motion of the same Senator, ordcied to be
printed 1
IN  SENATE.
S td'wmy, Jan G, 1838.
Mi  WALKLR presented the petit on of cit-
^ ns of Mississippi  f r a terations  ,n  the  m^iil
ioj es   >e irrei to t-e C< m mitee on t <• Post Oi-
f - ard Post Roads
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of Vf
A. Davis, offering to the Government certaia co
pies of the United States Laws, ordered to he
printed.
Mr. NORVELL introduced a bill supplementary
to an act providing for the adjustment of hod
claims in, the town of Detroit and TetAWry of
Michigan read and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.                                        ,
Mr M'KEAN said he hoped, in these urnes nf
extraordinary resolutions, it would not be thought
presumptuous m him to offer some small evidence
that evsn he, humble as he was, was not wholly
irresolute, he therefore proposed to lay the resolu-
tions which he held in his hand, on the table, to
come up in their order
1 Resolved, That Congress possess no power
under the Constitution to abolish sla^ ery where it
exists, in any of the States of this Union
•2 Resoked, That it is inexpedient, at this time,
to legislate on the subject of slavery m the Dis'nct
of Columbia.
On mot'on of Mr ALLEN, the petition of James
Smullev for relief, on which the Committee oa
Military Affairs had reported adversely, was r -
committed to the s?me commVee
Mr ROBBINS mtiodueed the resolutions of the
Genera! Assembly of Rhode Island, etc remon-
... «trating against the admission  of Texas into the
Union of the United States    laid on the table
?lr LINN, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, repor ed a hill for the relief of Philip Le
gare, accompanied by a report read, and ordered
to be printed
Mr BUCHAN AN gave notice that he should,
on Monday, introduce a bill to repeal duties on
certa'n imports
On notion of Mi  HUBR UtD,
Resolved, That the Secetary of the Senate com-
p 'e or cause to be printed for the vse of the Senate
an alphabet cal list of all the pet ttors for private
claims which have been presented for the last twen-
ty years, "Rith the action of the Senate on each.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS,
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Nat v caase
to be printed an edi'ion of tv o  thousand copses of
j  the report embracing  Processor Hassler's survey
o! the  oast, for the use of Government and for ás
tnbution.
On motion of Mr  WALL
Ordered, That the papers relating to a certas
survy of Pnncj s and o.her bays, be taken from
the files inr1 re'-rr^d
The cons,de-attor ot Mr C^notA s resolittwns
was then resumed.
Mr MORRIS spo.ee at length m tavor an
amendment offered by him oa the amendment pro-
posed by Mr ALLEN to the tburd resolution
This amendment was rejected by ayote, as fol-
lows
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Knight McKean, Moi-
ns, Prenhss, Robbms Sm Ih ol irdiana, Swift
and Webster—9
NAYS—Messis Allen, Bay ard, Benton, Black
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun. Clav ot Alabama
Clav ol Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthbeit, FuUn
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mer-
rick, Nicholas, Nt'es, Piprce, Preston, Rues,
Roane, Robinson Smith of Connecticut, Strange,
Walkei, White, Williams, Wright and Young—3Í
Messrs NORVELL and SEVIER subsequently
came tn, pnd asked leave to record their votes,
wh ch yy as objected to
The question then recurred on the adoption of
Mr Smith's amendment, as amended by Mr Al-
ifn, and rejected, yyith an understanding that it
was to be effereo and appended to the resolution
after their passage, and yihich reads a> follow- 
"That nothing in the foregoing resolu*ions is
intended to recognise the right of Congrcs to im-
pair, in any manner, the freedom of speech, or of
the cress, or the right of pet'hon, as secured by the
Constitution to the citizens of the several State5,
yvith in the States respectively "
After some further discussion on the adoption rf
the third resolution as amended —
Mr. BAYARD proposed to further amend it, bv
striking out the words "s^seral States of th 
Union," and   to   insert   from the ConstttutioR
