CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                              8S
crushed by the civil inhabitants of the country,
should be renewed and rendered formidable by the
direct and active encouragement of the American
people; and that during the existence, not merely of
peace, but of the most friendly relations between
Great Britain and the Government of the United
States, the peaceful population of this province
should be threatened with devastation and plunder,
and all (he miseries of civil war, by the unjustifiable
interference of American citizens.
Though inhabiting a remote portion of the British
dominions, the people of Upper Canada feel that
they may rest assured of being ultimately protected
by the whole force of the empire, if it be neces-
sary.
They ate conscious, also, that they deserve
kinder offices at the hands of the American people,
and 1 appeal to you, in their name, and as the re-
presentative of their sovereign, to urge upon the
Government of the United States the immediate ex-
ertion of military force to suppress a movement of
their people so insulting and injurious to a neigh-
boring nation, and which, whatever temporary ca-
lamity it may inflict, must inevitably, unless
promptly checked, lead to a national war, in which
any wrongs committed against the people of this
colony will, under the protection of a just Provi-
dence, be amply redressed.
I beg your excellency will not fail to assure the
American Government of my sincere conviction
that the facts of which I complain will ceitainly
meet with their most unqualified reprobation.
I have the honor to be, sir, your excellency's
most obedient, humble servant.
F. B. HEAD,
Lieutenant Governor.
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Fox.
Department op State,
Washington, January 5, 1838.
Sir: I have had the honor to receive your com-
munication of the 4th instant, with the official
despatch of the 23d ult. from the Lieutenant Go-
vernor of Upper Canada. The President, to whom
they were immediately submitted, has directed me
to reply/that he perceives with great satisfaction
that you are duly sensible, not only of the wishes
and ieelings of this Government in relation to the
unfortunate state of things on the frontiers of the
United States, but of the general disposition of the
people and authorities of this country to cultivate
and extend that beneficial intercourse with Great
Britain, so well adapted to strengthen the existing
bonds of national affection and friendship between
the two nations.
You have already seen, in the public journals,
the efforts that have been made, and are now mak-
ing, both by the General and Slate Governments,
«"prevent any of our misguided citizens from in-
terfering in the disturbances of the neighboring ter-
ritory of the Cañadas. I have had the honor, also,
to make you acquainted with other measures which
are in progress to the same effect, founded upon
the information received from the officers of the
United States, who were sent to the frontiers
to prevent violations of our laws; and I now
repeat to you formally, for the satisfaction of
your Government, and to relieve the anxieties of
the authorities of Upper Canada, that all the con-
rtitutional power vested in the Executive will be
exerted to maintain the supremacy of those law-;
which were passed to fulfill the obligations of the
United States to all friendly nations who may be
unfortunately engaged in foreign or domestic war.
Assurances to that effect, to the authorities of
Upper Canada, may be given in the strongest,
terms; and the President does not doubt that this
object, so desirable in the present crisis to both
Governments, will be accomplished, if insurmounta-
ble ofttaclcs are not thrown in the way by the
rashness of persons within the dominions of Her
Britannic Majesty, who, m their resentment or ap-
prehensions, may think themselves authorized to
make aggressions upon the United Slates for inju-
ries committed by individaals who are violators of
our laws, and who escape prosecution and punish-
ment under a temporary excitement produced by
the events on the frontier, and by the menaces di-
rected against our  own people  by some of Her
Majesty's imprudent subjects.
With great respect and consideration, I have the
honor to be vour obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
Ou motion of Mr. CUSHING, referred  to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of State,
as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, Jan. 8, 1837.
The Secretary of State, to whom have been re-
ferred certain resolutions of the House of Repre-
sentatives, dated the 5th instant, the second of
which requests the President of the United States ]
to communicate to that body " copies of all in- |
structions to the officers of the Government of the
United States, and all correspondence with them,
with the Governors of any of the States, and with
the Governments and officers of Mexico and of
Great Britain, concerning the preservation of the
neutrality of the United States in the civil wars
and insurrections in Mexico, ami in any of the
Brilishjjrovinces north of the United States, since
the year 1829; and particularly of a letter from
the late President of the United States to the Secre-
tary of the Territory of Arkansas, dated on or
about the 10th of December, 1830," has the honor
to report to the President the accompanying papers,
embracing all the instructions and correspondence
requested by the resolution above cited, not already
published, with the exception of the letter from the
late President of the United States to the Secretary
of the Territory of Arkansas, said to be dated on or
about the 10th of December, 1830. The files of
tbis Department have been carefully examined, but
no letter has been found from the late Piesident of
the United States to the Secretary of Arkansas.
Submitted.                       JOHN FORSYTH.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House two
Executive communications, viz:
1.  From, the Secretary of War transmitting a
copy of the report of the proceeding* of the Court
of Inquiry, convened at Fredencktown, Maryland,
in relation to the operations against ihe Seminole
Indians.
On motion of Mr. PATTON, laid on the table.
2.  From the same officer, transmitting the re-
ports of the Second Auditor of the military expen-
ditures of 1837.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELNG, laid also on
the table.
3.  From the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit
ting a statement of the condition of the State de-
posite banks.
On motion of Mr. HAYNES,
It was laid on the table.
4.  From the same, transmitting certain informa-
tion as regards the quantity of public lands, brought
into market within a given period, the quantity now
unsold, &c.
On motion of Mr. CASEY,
It was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Petitions and memorials were then called for in
the order of States, and were presented by—
Messrs. EVANS, FAIRFIELD, CARTER,
CrLLEY, and DAVEE, of Maine.
[Mr. Davef. presented the petition of Alexander
Crawford and others, for a mail route from Palmy-
ra to Waterville, in the State of Maine; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Also, the memorial of David She-
pherd and others, remonstrating against the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States; which he mov-
ed bp referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs;
but, on motion, it was laid on the table.]
Messrs. CALHOUN, REED, LINCOLN,
BR1GGS, CUSHING, HASTINGS, ADAMS,
BORDEN, of Massachusetts.
Messrs. CRANSTON and TILLINGHAST of
Rhode Island.
Messrs. PHELPS, INGHAM, HALEY, and
HOLT, of Connecticut.
i      [Mr. Haley presented the petition of James
Denison and others, of the towns of Lvme and
Waterford, ia New London county, State of Con-
necticut, praying for the establishment of a post
route; and meve.d its reference to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also, the peti-
tion of Walter Loomis and Abel Gay, praying for
compensation for extra work done by them on the
Cumberland road.; and moved its reference to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.]
Messrs. FLETCHER, ALLEN, and HALL, of
Vermont.
[Mr. Fletcher presented the remonstrance of
thirty inhabitants of Holland, Vermont, and of
thirty-one females of the same town, against the
annexation of Texas to the Union. Also, the peti-
tions of Sybil Colton, Elijah Cleaveland, and J. C.
Robinson]
[Mr. Hall presented the petition of Joseph
Adams, a Revolutionary soldier, for a pension.]
Messrs. CAMBRELENG, PATTERSON, FIL-
MORE, HOFFMAN, CURTl&SS, M'CLELLAN,
MOORE, GALLUP, GRANT, PALMER, JACK-
SON, BRONSON, PECK, DEGRAFF, PREN-
TISS, CHILDS, and RUSSELL,, of New York.
[Mr. Cambreleng presented a memorial iron
the Chamber of Commerce at New York, remon-
strating against the repeal of the pilotage law of
last Congress. Mr. C. also presented a number ol
private petitions]
[Mr. Grant of New York presented the petition
of seventy-five citizens of Oswego, in the State of
New York, praying the construction of a harbor at
the mouth of Eighteen Mile creek, on Lake Onta-
rio, in the county of Niagara, in said State.]
[Mr. McClei.lan presented the petition of Jacob
Becker, of Schoharie, New York, praying to be re-
stored to the pension roll: referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also, the petition
of Daniel Reynolds and Brothers, of Kinderhnuk,
New York, setting forth that they have invented an
engine to throw balls without the use of gunpowder;
that the machine will prove a powerful engine of
national defence, and praying Congress to purchase
the patent: referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.]
[Mr. Gallup presented the petition of Gen. Ste-
phen Van Rensselaer, Gov. W. L. Marcy, Gen.
Solomon Van Rensselaer, and 261 others, citizens
of the State of New York, in behalf of Revolution-
ary pensioners, praying that $96 per year may be
allowed to each pensioner, without regard to the
time served.]
[On motion of Mr. Bronson, the following peti-
tions and papers xvere ordered to be taken from the
files, and referred to the Committee of Claims, viz:
petition and papers of the heir of Frederick White,
deceased; also, the petition and papers of William
Vaughan.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of sundry citi-
zens of Sackett's Harbor, N. Y. praying for the
improvement of the harbor at the mouth of Eighteen
Mile creek on Lake Ontario.]
[Mr. Curtis presented the memorial of all the
Marine Insurance Companies of the city of New
York, remonstrating against the repeal of the "Act
concerning pilots," passed the 2d March, 1837.]
Messrs.RANDOLPH and YORKE of N. Jersey.
Messrs. POTTS, DAVIS, HENRY, PAYÑ-
TER,NAYLOR, HAMMOND, TOLAND.SHEF-
FER, DARLINGTON, PATTON, and S. W.
MORRIS of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. Shepfer presented the memorial of Adam
West and sixty-seven other voters of Adams coun-
ty, Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas into the Union : moved to refer
the same to the Commiitee on Foreign Affairs.]
[Mr. S. W.  Morris, presented a memorial of
Elizabeth Matthewson, widow of Major Elisha Mat-
thewson, pravmg to be allowed a pension.]
Messrs. McKIM, JENIFER, THOMAS, HOW-
ARD, and JOHNSON of Mankind.
Messrs. PATTON, WISE, HUNTER, EOUL-
DIN, MERCER, BERING, and JOHNSTON o<
Virgina.
Some resolutions of a private character were
offered by Messrs.   BOULDIN,  ROBERTSON
JOHNSON of Virginia, GARLAND of Virginia',
and MASON of Virginia ;when,
The House adjourned.
