86
"■ "•.......------------------------------—^-------------'——-
HOUSB OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, Januaiy 9,1838.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, 5,000 extra copies
of the report oí the Secretary of the Treasury on
the condition of all the State banks of the United
States, were ordered to be printed for the use of the
members.
Mr. WISE propounded an inquiiy to the chair-
man of the Committee of Elections, as to when it
was probable that committee would report on the
Mississippi election case.
Mr. BUCHANAN replied that he expected the
committee would bring in lit. report in the course
of the week.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the further consideration
of the Naval Service bill; which was agreed to
Mr. C. then reported an amended bill foi the
same service; which was committed.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the same commit-
tee, made a report on the subject of the unexpend-
ed balances, which was committed to a Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to extend the privileges of
drawbacks, and abolish distinctions m ports, of
entry.
Mr CUSHMAN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Marcus duincy aiU
William Gorham
Mr. MASON of Virginia, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the relief of William
Culver.
Also, a bill for the relief of George Innes
Mr. CURTIS, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill for the relief of William Wickham
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a resolution to refer the annual
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordering 5,000 extra copies, with the di a wings, to
be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. EWING moved 10,000 copies, instead of
5,000, which was lost, and the original resolution
was agreed to.
Mr CASEY also reported the Senate bill, with-
out amendment, authorizing the relinquishment of
the 16th sections for the use of school's, and grant-
ing other lands in lieu thereof.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the «ame committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs and assignee
of Peter Alba, deceased.
Mr HARRISON of Missouri, from tht. s une
committee, reported a bill for the relief of Henry
Duchuquette and others
Also, a bill for the relief of 'Hmer Stigermire
and otheis.
Mr. BOON, from the same eommittep, íeported
a bill granting to the Mount Carmel and New Al-
bany radroad company, the right of way through
the public lands of the United States.
Mr YELL, from the same committee, íeported
a bill for the relief of Marcy Tucker, of Arkansas
Mr. CALHOON of Kentucky, fiom the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
that it was inexpedient to allow the clerks in the
Post Office Department the 10 per cent allowed
to the other clerks of the Government, which was
concurred in.
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the lehef of James P
Carleton
Also, a bill for the lelief of certain hen  and le-
gal representatives of James Wilson, lale of Alex-
andria, m the District of Columbia
Mr GARLAND of Vugima, from the same
committee, reported a bill to restore certain juris-
diction to the Distuct Court:  of the Western Dis-
tort of the State of Virginia
Mr. CRAIG, fiom the Committte on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the lelief of the
legal representatives of Nathan Lamme, deceased.
Mr HARPER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Joseph Prescott
Mr MUHLENBERG, fiom the same commit-
tee, reported a bill Ibr the relief of the íepresenta-
tives of Col White
Mr. BIRDSALL, from the Committee on Revo-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
luti mary Claims, made an unfavorable report up-
on the petition of the heirs at law of Thomas John-
son   to he on the table and be printed.
Mr. B from the «ame Committee, moved that
the Committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition ot Timothy Shay, and that
it be refened to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions refened accordingly
Mr B from the same Committee, made an un-
favorable report upon the petition of John Wallace:
to he on the table and be printed.
Mr B from the same Committee, made an un-
favorable report on the petition of John and Nathan
f bomas, lai 1 on the table and ordeied to be printed
Mr LE VD BETTER, from the Committee on
Pma e Lanu Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of John and Samuel Rougle.
Mr GR1H VM, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a b '1 for the relief of Poas Hadjo,
a Creek Indian
Mi FAIRFIELD from the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs, íeported a bill for the settlement of
the, claims of Edmund Roberts, late Diplomatic
Agent of the United States to Muscat.
Mi TAYLOR, fiom the Committee on Invalid
Pens1ons, reported a bill granting a pension to Ro-
bert Casey
Mr ALLEN of Vermont, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the re'ief of Isaac Justice.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Accounts, reported the following resolu-
tion, which was concurred in
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts, m
addition to the inquiries ordered by the resolution
of Januiry 2d, oi th s session, extend their inqui-
res m re'ation to the subordinate officers of this
House, with t vew to define their respective du-
ties, and also, to designate the officers who shall
ha\e the power of appointing and removing the
mcsengeis and pa<*cs equired for the service of
tne Hous , arel )i rcgi atmg then lespective du-
ties
Mr OWEiNsi, fiom t ° Select Committee on the
subject, reported a bill tc authorize the President
o' the United States to apply the invention of
Samuel Raub, Jr to steam engines owned by or in
the use oí the Umt°d Statts
Mi RUS&ELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill fot the relief of Ebenezer Lobdill.
Mr CHILDS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tuniry Pens ons, íeported
A bill for the íeliet of Daniel W. Kinney.
A'so, a b d foi the lehel of James Boylan.
Mi. O 1RTER of Tennessee, from the Select
Committee on the subject, reported a bill to extend
the pension law of 1832 to western Indian fighters
between 1783 and 1705.
All the toregomg bills were read twice, and com-
mitted
Mr EVERETT, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing iesolufion, which "was agreed to
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of procur-
ing stereotyped plates of the laws of the United
States
MAINE BOUNDARY
Mr D 1VEE lose and asked the consent of the
House to submit the following resolution:
Rcsolied, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House what
measures, it any, have been takpn bv the Execu-
tive for the iee~.se oí Ml. Greely, a citizen of
Mame nou .mprisooed in the Provincial jail of
New Brunswick, <u Fiedenckton, for an alleged
\ lola'ion ol the jurisdiction of said Province, over
the teiutor", claimed I"" the British Government;
and aKo to communicate any coirespondence
\vhich the Executive Department may have had
■i ith the Britv-h Government, or the Executive of
\Jiine, upon the subject of said Grecly's imprison-
ment, so iar as a communication oí the same may
be deemed by him not incompatible with the public
interest.
Objection being rnaae,
Mr. D moved a suspension of the mies to ena-
ble b m to submit it, but the motion, requiring two-
tnuds, was disagreed to
Mr. MILLER oi Missouri, made an ineffectual
attermii to call up the íesolution offered by htm
some days since, calling upon the Secretary of
War for his report on the improvement of th© har-
bor at St. Louis.
The orders of the day were then announced.
Mr. CAMBRELENG gave notice that, on
Thursday next, he should move the House to take
up and consider the bills for the support of the Go-
vernment, adding that some of the appropriations
were exhausted. He should also include the bill
for the suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida,
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.-------
On motion of Mr HAYNES, the House re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
slate of the Union, Mr. Adams m the Chair, on
the President's Message.
The question pending was on the resolution of
Mr. Haynes, which is as follows
" Resolved, That so much of the President's Mes-
sage as relates to the finances, and every thing
connected therewith, to the safe keeping of the
public moneys, and every thing connected there-
with , and so much as relates to the Bank of the
United States, be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means."
And the amendment moved thereto by Mr.
Gushing, as follows:
" Whereas, the influence of the Executive De-
partment of the Federal Government has, for some
time past, m derogation of the letter and spirit of
the Constitution, continued to lacrease, and ought
to be diminished:
Resolved, therefore, That, in order to correct the
said abuse, so much of the President's Message as
relates to the collection, safe keeping and transfer
of the public money, be referred to ------, with in-
structions to report—
First, such method of keeping the public treasure,
effects, and other property, as in the judgment of
said committee shall conduce to promo«e the wel-
fare, and to secure the liberties of the people, and,
Seeondly, such other reforms in the practices of
the Government as m their opinion shall tend to
bring back the administration thereof to the stan-
dard ol the origmal purity of the Constitution
Mr. MURRAY of Kentncky being entitled to
the floor,
Mr. SMITH a^ked him to give way, to enable
him to move to hy aside, for the present, the pend-
ing resolution, and proceed v ith the others, which
would occupy but a short time, so that the subjects
embraced m them might be put in charge of the
appropriate standing committees
Mi. HAYNES was as anxious as any one that
the whole should be disposed of as soon as possi-
ble, but he questioned if the course suggested by
the gentleman would expedite action upon the re-
solutions, for theie was one other of them that
would probably elicit considerable discussion.
The motion was objected to by other gentlemen,
and Mr. MURRAY proceeded with his remarks,
and addressed the House at great length, when,
On motion of Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, the
committee rose
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, m response
to the resolution m relation to the Cherokee tribe
of Indians
On motion of Mr. HAYNES, laid on the table.
MAINE BOUNDARY.
Mr. DAVEE, on leave, then offered the resolu-
tion given abo% e, and tne same havmg been read,
on Mr. D's motion the House agreed to consider it
at this time
Mr CUSHING then offered the following
amendment, which was agreed to
"And that the President of the Un ted States be
requested, if it be not m his judgment incompati-
ble with the public interests, to communicate to this
House any correspondence or communication held
between the Government of the United Siates and
that of Great Butam at different times, respecting
the wardenship, occupation, or actual possession
of that part of the territory of the State of Maine
which is claimed by Great Britain "
Thp resolution, as thus amended, was then
agreed to
On motion of Mr. CUSHING,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Library
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
