if the course pursued did not present a novel and
extraordinary spectacle, entirely unprecedented ex-
cept at the " panic" session, of so long a time dis-
cussing the reference of the President's Message1?
He asked them candidly if they were not pursuing
a course, the continuance of which must defeat
every measure, great or small, necessary or unne-
cessary, that should come before them? He ap-
pealed to the House to say whether the measures
they were called upon to examine were to be post-
poned, at the rate of a speech a day, to the end of
the session' Mr. C. hoped the motion would pre-
vail, and even if the discussion alluded to should
go on, at least let one of the standing committees
have some public measures before it.
Mr. BELL had not admitted the necessity of ac-
tion in relation to the western frontier, but suggested
what he believed to be the true remedy, namely, to
recall a portion of the troops m Florida, say one
thousand out of the ten thousand now there for the
purpose of hunting up five hundred or a thousand
Indians.
"Well, in reference to the delay who was respon-
sible for this extiaordmary delay' Mr B. had seen
it alleged in the newspaper organ of the Govern-
ment that it arose from a concerted design on ths
part of certain political gentlemen on that floor and
out of the House. So far as he was concerned,
there was not the slightest foundation for it; nor
did he believe there was any concert whatever
None had come to his knowledge
Then as to the delay, let him ask, who had thp
power in that House? Why, the gentleman from
New York, (Mr Cambreleng,) had only to rise m
his place, and, if the exigency became urgent, call
around him his forces, and arrest the further dis-
cussion Where was the gentleman from Ohio,
(Mr. Hamer?) He had not summoned up to his
aid the troops generally at his command, which he
could do at any moment. Mr. B denied any in-
tention of thwarting the public business, and even
putting all the hours together spent in the debate
referred to, it would not make over two or three
working days of the House. But even if it should
be important that the whole message should be re-
ferred, they had only to stay in their places, and
if the discussion became too long, sit them out, and
force those gentlemen to speak who would speak.
That had been the course heietofore.
Mr. McKAY said the gentleman from Tennes-
see had misapprehended Ihe object of the committee
in reporting that resolution to the House The
gentleman had discussed it as if theie were a dis-
tinct proposition then before the House to increase
the standing ai my of the United States to fifteen
thousand men. Now, there was no proposition of
that kind before them. The object of the commit-
tee, on the contrary, was to avoid the very thing
the gentleman himself so much deprecated, vi 7
acting on measuies without examination The
Executive was charged by the Constitution with
the defence of the country, and, in pursuance of
this duty, the officer at the head of the War De-
partment thinks there should be an increase of the
armv This was also recommended by the Exe-
cutne íepeatedly. But it did not follow that the
comm utee would concur m the recommendation,and
report a bill to the number asked for by the Secre-
tary of War; and why should the gentleman make
such remarks for the purpose of alarming the House
and the country, that there is to be a large stand-
ing army quartered upon Hi Why there was no
such piopositton before it. All the Committee on
Military Affaus sought by the introduction of the
resolution, was the very time the gentleman him-
self thought to be so impoitant, and which, from
what had occurred up to this time, there seemed
but little probability of being afforded to ihem
They were then in the second month of the session,
and had not yet íeferred the thirl bianch of
subjects embraced in the President's nu ss?ge, and,
from present appearances, the discussion on that
point alone might continue two or three months
longer; for it was a general politic U discussion,
ranging over and embiacmg in review the whole
policy of the Government for years pa*t, and ever)
act of the late and present Administration*
The gentleman remarked  that this discussion
might be brought to a close    True      But «till  it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
might be protracted for two or three months more,
and what would be the consequence' Why this
very evil, of having a proposition biought in and
forced through the House, as in that case it neces-
sarily must be, without sufficient time being allow-
ed for deliberation. That would be the inevitable
effect of voting down this motion, or let him ask,
was it intended to withhold this report of the Se-
cretary of War from the Military Committee alto-
gether?
Mr. BELL said "No."
Mi. M'KAY. The gentleman says "no," then
whence his objection? Where the necessity of de-
lay? Why not refer it at once? Ah, but savs the
gentleman, two or three years ago, under the mfl-
ence of a panic, the standing army was increased
by an addition of two thousand men, and he was
unwilling to be so operated upon again. The gen
tleman was mistaken as to the number, for the two
additional regiments ordered upon that occasion
did not comprise more than about twelve hundred
men rank and file But still it did not follow, as
he before remarked, that the committee would
adopt the recommendations of the Executive, and
in reference to the occasion of the foimer increase,
Mr. M'K. was not sure that the gentleman did not
vote for it, while he himself voted against it
Mr. M'K. concluded by saying, that he was
the last man who wished to repress debate, nor
was the present proposition intended, nor would it
have die effect, to restuct the discussion going on
upon the resolution, to refer the subject of the
finances to the Committee of Ways and Mean-
Let the gentlemen, and those who wish it, pioceed
with it, in the widest range, all he asked then was,
at least to permit one of the committees to be in
possession of something upon which they might
act. As to an unnecessary increase of the stand-
ing army, no man was more opposed to it than
Mi. M"K was, as his votes would prove.
Mr. GUSHING wished to say a few woids in
reply to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Cam-
breleng ) That gentleman had referred to the veiy
extraordinary delay m referring the President's
Message to the appropriate committees, and ad-
duced the panic region as offering the only paral-
lel. Now, how many times had the Committee of
the Whole discussed this matter? He believed it
had sat four times only in the course of six weeks;
the kst two had been productive each of a single
speech, and those two speeches were by lnends of
the Administration Was that a delay mentmg of
condemnation? Two of them, surelv, the genlle-
man would exclude ftom censure, and during the
other two, Mr. C would insist that theie had been
nothing more than propel, reasonable, judicious
debate, and that debate equally participated in by
both sides of the House. If, then, there had been an
unusual delay, it certainly was not of an intemperate
and excessive character, noi upon meie giounds of
opposition, but grew out of other causes and consi-
derations In reference to the question before the
House, Mr C was not only in favor of it, but of
going still farther He had no objection to dis-
charge Ihe Committee of the Whole from all the
resolutions of reference of the President's Message,
except that on the subject of the finances, and
should vote for such a proposition
Mr. UNDERWOOD, adverting to the allegation
of the Globe cited by Mr. Bell, said that so fai
as the charge of concert or combination to pi iluee
delay applied to him, it was utterly false In re-
ference to the resolution under consideration, he
wished to state, at that time, a few facts
Mr. McKAY wished to make a single explana-
tory remark. Even if the House should alopt
this resolution, it would not preclude discussion on
the subject of the army m Committee of the Whole
on the Piesident's Message, since it had no re-
ference to so much of it as was embrace 1 m tlrt
document The resolution applied only to the
annual repoit of the Secretaiy of War.
Mr UNDERWOOD so understood the question,
and it was  ne lea^on why he was inclined to vote
f >i the r'sohition Howevei, he had another iui
son too, and that was, that he wan ed to see how
the Milotarv Committee would act on all those
subjects
Mr, 0  by consent, then read a letter he had
89
received from a gentleman m Tennessee, which
went on to state that there were, at this time,
more fighting men in Florida than Indians all
told, including women and papooses.
Mr BYNUM could not suppiess his astonish
ment at the course pursued by the gentleman who
had just read that letter For his part he was at
loss to divine the motive which had influenced thai
gentleman. Did he suppose that the introduction
of a letter ftom an unknown individual could have
any weight with the House, or be considered a
any kind of proof to the allegations Did he ima-
gine that it would have the least influence on the
Chairman of Military Affairs, or did lie pioduce it
with a view to affect the character of the Execu-
tive in relation to the army in Flonda
Mr. UNDERWOOD explained, that he knew
the wnter of the lettei, who was a lespectable indi-
vidual That lettei stated that the number of troops
in Florida exceeded the whole population of the
Seminole nation, including squaws and childien
It also states that ^,10 was given for wagons, etc
when the same could be obtained for one-half the
sum. His object, theieiore, m leading the lettei
was, that the committee and the House m ght in-
vestigate those charges, and ascertain whether they
were correct
Mr. BYNUM was still of opinion that the gen-
tleman had pursued a very singular course, for if
he wished to satisfy his mind as to the correctness
of the allegations, why did he not mtiodure s> reso-
lution to that effect? Mi B had the greatest ob-
jection to the mtioduetion of such letters in the
House If such a practice were admitted, then
any vindictive individual, who had been discharged
from office for misconduct, might thus gratify his
malice by wilting slandeions letters against the
Executive For his pai t he would piote3t against
such a course of calumniating the Adm.uustn.tion,
and of wasting the time of the House.
With relation to the resolution offered by Ihe
chairman of the Committee on Military Affaus, he
thought it so íeasonable and plain, that no objec-
tion could possibly be made; but as gentlemen had
thought proper to raise ohjtxtions, he would ob-
serve that the íeference to that committee would
not preclude, in the least, any discuss on on the sub-
ject of increasing the standing army, when it came
up in order before the House. If any individual
would cast his eyes along our frontier, he must see
that at all times there was a necessity foi a standing
arm), and if would also be obvious that undei the
piesent pecuhir encumstanoes m rtlition to oiu
southwest, a* well as our noithern homier, it was
necessaiy to increase that force, and tint imme-
diate aclion was lequued on the subject
He could not lefram ftom adverting to the m-
< onsistt nt cuiuse of those who m eie opposed to ihe
Administration It was bnt the otnei diy, duung
a debate on the subject of Canada and our North
ern frontier, fhat one gentleman had laid all the
bl ime on the Eveeutivc, whom he accused of mac-
tivitv and gross neglect in not providing troops
beforehand (or that emergency But now that
measures, of that very nature were proposed by the
Executive, the same paity turned round, and said,
"Oh' there is pi-til y of time, there is no leason foi
sieh piecipinnc), ' an' &noh like expression?
N iw, (said Mi B ) «hat is the Administration to
do? One di) its friends are Id mied for their inac-
tivity, and on the next, when they propose the veiy
measures which they had been charged with ne
g'cciing, an alarm was laised oí "haste, bun 5,
and of precipitating subjects wilhoit debate "
He took that oppoituaity to state that he wa
as imuli opposed to the unnecessary meieasc of
thp s'andmg a my of the country as an) one else,
inasmuch as hebelie\ed i's existence dangerous to
the institutions of a fre  jieople But that theie
was a necessity foi met casi ig our army to a cei-
tam cxten  at the present time, no man couldpossi
blv deny He was not pic pi red to say that he
would vote to increase H to fie number of 15,000,
but it was his mm belief that ihú necssity loi an
i.iciease of the arm) to some cctent, was becoming
mote apparent every day of 0111 lives He was
an advocate at all times ¡01 full ami fite discussion
upon every subject proposed by the Administra-
tion, and if thore measure^ vould not  ¡and the test
