CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of discussion, he sincerely hoped they would fall.
But the fact of the case was, that the gentlemen on
the other side had themselves shrunk from discus-
sion, when they had on all occasions full scope to
express themselves on all subjects. He hoped the
subject would be taken from the Committee of
the Whole, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. BRIGGS saw no objection to the reference,
as there would be hereafter a full opportunity for
an ample discussion on the merits of the subject.
He believed there were many important part icu-
lars which could be entertained in the Committee
on Military Affairs, that would not engage the at-
tention of the Committee of the Whole in a gene-
ral discussion.
Mr. TOUCEY asked for the yeas and nays on
the question, which were ordered.
Mr. BELL assured gentlemen that they were
mistaken, if they supposed he had opposed the re-
ference, because he might have an opportunity of
addressing the committee. Such' was not his mo-
tive, as he did not know that he should open his
lips on the subject. He opposed it en the ground
that it would be establishing a bad precedent. He
protested against any hurried legislation on the sub-
ject, but still, at the same time, he was not an ad-
vocate for unnecessary delay.
Mr. GRENNELL was in favor of the reference,
as such a course would take nothing from the
grasp of the Committee of the Whole. He wished
it to be understood that in voting for the resolution,
he did not consider himself pledged either to an
Executive or any other measure; but in this case
there were investigations to be made, and facts to
be ascertained, which object could not be so weil
attained by any other mode. Mr. G. adverted to
the state of affairs on the southern frontier, as re-
quiring the services of the army; and said that
since it had been made the policy of Government
to remove the Indians, while he had a seat in that
House, he should think it his duty to protect those
tribes, and also to protect our own citizens. He
wished to say, once for all, that he was not an enemy
to debate, and as the question of reference embra-
ced no proposition for final action on the subject,
he saw no good reason for refusing it.
Mr. BELL, after some further observations,
proposed to amend the resolution by striking out
all after the word resolved, and insf rting:
"That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged from the further con-
sideration of all the subjects referred to in the an-
nual message of the President, except so much
thereof as is proposed to be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means."
Mr. SMITH moved to amend the amendment of
Mr. Bell by adding the following:
"That the Committee of the Whole House on
the state of the Union be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the annual message of the
President of the United States, excepting only so
much as relates to the finances, and every thing
connected therewith; to the sate keeping of the
public moneys and every thing connected there-
with; and so much thereof as relates to the Bank
of the United States."
Mr. TAYLOR was an advocate for debate on
that or any other subject. He was perfectly wil-
ling that every measure of the. Administration
should be investigated to the utmost, and if it was
consistent with their duty, and did not impede the
action of committees, they might indulge in debate
for three months, or for a longer period if they
thought proper.
Mr. J 1HNSON of Maryland moved to add an
amendment, referring the subject of a cannon
foundry to a select committee, but subsequently
withdrew it.
Mr. J. said he wished to be understood that
in offering the amendment, he meant no disre-
spect to the regular standing committees; but gen-
tlemen would be aware that the-subjecthad already
been twice before Congress, without any action
having been had thereon, as it had been dismissed
for want of time. He thought the object would be
more speedily attained by a reference to a special
committee.   Mr. J. was then proceeding to com-
ment on the circumstances attending the Florida
war, when
The SPEAKER reminded him that it would not
be in order to discuss the merits of that subject upon
a mere question of reference to a committee.
Mr. HAYNES then moved as an amendment,
the resolutions proposed by him in Committee of
the whole on the state of the Union, commencing
with
Resolved, That so much of said Message as
relates to the public lands, and every thing con-
nected therewith, be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
That so much of said Message as relates to In-
dian affairs, except what relates to the defence of
the frontiers against Indian hostilities, and the pro-
tection of the Indians against the intrusions of citi-
zens of ihe United States, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
That so much of said Message as relates to the
defence of the frontiers against Indian hostilities,
and the protection of the Indian tribes against the
intrusions of citizens of the United States; so much
thereof as relates to the establishment of a " manu-
factory of gunpowder," and a " manufactory of
small arms west of the Alleghany mountains," to-
gether with so much as relates to the report oi the
Secretary of War, and the public interests entrusted
to the War Department, except the subjects em-
braced in we immediately preceding resolutions,
be referred to the Committee on Milifaiy Affairs.
That so much of said Message as. relates to the
militia of the United States, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Militia.
That so much of said Message as relates to the
report of the Secretary of the Navy, and the inte-
rests entrusted to the Navy Department, be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
That so much of said Message as relates to the
report of the Postmaster General, and the condition
and operatisns of the Post Office Department, and
every thing connected therewith, be referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
That so much of said Message as relates to a
"uniform system of local government," and to
"special and comprehensive legislation" for the
District of Columbia, be referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
That so much of said Message as relates to the
"casualties in steamboats, and the necessity of at-
tempting to prevent them," be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
The amendment, as above modified, was ac-
cepted by Mr. Beli, as his motion.
Mr. BELL thought, upon further reflection, it
would be best to.modify his motion so as to divide
the questions of discharging the committee, and re-
ferring the parts of the Message now proposed to
be referred, to the respective committees.
Mr. HAYNES siid it would economise the time
of the House by including both questions in a sin-
gle motion, and the House could act more dis-
tinctly by takmg up the resolutions offered by him,
singly, and acting on them in their regular succes-
sion. By so doing, an opportunity would be. afforded
to the honorable gon'leman from Maryland (Mr.
Johnson) to renew his amendment when the House
should reach the resolution of reference to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. While up, he would
say that it had been his intention, in the course of
a very few days, if no further progress should be
made, to move to discharge Iks Committee of the
Wholp on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the Message, and to bring the
subject into the House for its immediate decision.
So far as the proposition to discharge the commit-
tee now goes it was but an anticipation of the
motion covering the whole subject, which he had
intended to offer at an early day.
Mr. BELL accepted the amendment of Mr.
Haynes as a modification of his own.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland subsequently mov-
ed to amend the ¡("solution on the subject of a can-
non foundry as follows:
" And that so much of the Executive communi-
cation as relates to the establishment of a national
foundry for cannon, to be common to the service
of the Army and Navy of the United States, be re-
ferred to a select committee, to report by bill «r
otherwise;" which was agreed to.
Mr. CARTER of Tennessee moved to amend,
by referring the subject of an armory on the West-
ern waters; which amendment he briefly supported.
Mr. BIDDLE and Mr. WHITTLESEY of
Ohio followed on the opposite side.       •
Mr. HAYNES then said, that no one held in
higher estimation the zeal of his honorable friend
from Tennessee (Mr. Carter) than he did. He was
very well assured, from his own recollection, and
from the remarks of the honorable gentleman from
Ohio, (Mr. Whittlesey) that the only obstacle here-
tofore existing to the establishment of an armory
upon the Western waters, had been the conflicting
interests of individuals representing different lo-
calities'considered favorable for such an establish-
ment. He was satisfied that this was the only dif-
ficulty now existing on this subject. Is it, there-
fore, probable that this difficulty would be remov-
ed, by referring the subject te a select committee,
probably enough, constituted of gentlemen repre-
senting the conflicting interests already adverted to?
That reference had been urged by the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Carter) on the
ground of analogy to the course just taken by
the House on the subject of a cannon foundry for
the use and equipment of the Army and Navy. To
his mind the honorable gentleman was not borne
out by any such analogy. The subject of an ar-
mory on the Western waters was one belonging to
the peculiar jurisdiction of the Committee onMili-
tary Affairs. Not so the subject of" the foundry
for cannon. That subject is one of common juris-
diction between the Committees on Military and
on Naval Affairs. There could not, therefore, be
any-impropriety in referring it to a select commit-
tee. It might further be ©f importance to send the
proposed reference to the Military Committee, not
only on the ground of its peculiar jurisdiction, but
because it wouid be free from the influence of those
conflicting interests which have so long deferred
the establishment of the proposed armory. Fur-
ther: the mode of proceeding might be wholly dif-
ferent between the Military Committee and the
select committee proposed by the honorable gentle-
man from Tennessee. "That select committee
might find itself embarrassed by an attempt to se-
lect a site for the proposed armory, and might,
perhaps, fail to arrive at any practical'conclusion
upon the subject. The Military Committee might
simplify the affair, by proposing a board of
commissioners to select a site for the armory, or
might confer that authority on the Secretary of
War, or the President, whose decision should be
final.
He had told some of his friends from the West,
in conversation with them on this subject, that they
would never obtain their object—the establishment
of an armory on the Western waters—while then-
contest for its location existed. He therefore hoped
that the amendment proposed by his honorable
friend from Tennessee (Mr. Carter) would not
prevail.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. MALLARY then moved that the subject
be referred to a select committee, consisting of
one n.ember from each Atlantic and Gulf State:
lost.
Mr. BRIGGS moved the following, which was
agreed to:
" Resolved, That so much of the message as re-
late* to a change of the termination of the fiscal
year from 1st of October to 1st of April, be refer-
red to the Committee of Ways and Means."
The amendment of Mr. HAYNES having been
accepted by Mr. BELL, as a modification of his
0\m, was then agreed to, and so amended.
The resolution of Mr. M'KAY was also agreed
to.
The orders of the day were then announced, and
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, setting
forth the reasons for the delay in ihe publication of
the Biennial Register.
On motion of Mr. HAYNES, laid on ihe table.
The bill from the Senate, entitled An act to.pro-
vide for the payment of the annuities which have
become due and payable w the Great and Little
