^_________CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________________        91
Osage Indians in 1838, and for other purposes, was
taken up, read twice, and,
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, referred to
the Committee on. Indian Affairs.
Mr. RAR1DEN, on leave, presented the petition
of sundry citizens for a mail route irom Fort
"Wayne, Allen, county, to Murray, "Wells county,
thence to Mount Pelican, Jay county, to Muncey
Town, Delaware county refei red to a committee
Also, a resolution directing the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a semi-weekly post route
from Manan, m Grant county, Indiana, via Wa-
bash Town, via Galleton, to Warsaw
On motion of Mr. C II WILLIAMS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Pur
dy, Tennessee, by Smith's Mill, Mattamora, and
Ripley, in Tippa county, to Pontotoc, Mississippi.
Mr DAWSON, from the Committee on Mile-
age, reported a bill amendatory of the "act allow-
ing compensation to the members of the Senate,
members of the House of Representatives, of the
United States, and Delegates of the Temtones,
and repealing all other laws, on that subject," ap-
proved Jan. 22, 1819, which was road twice.
Mr D moved its engrossment.
Mr E WHITTLESEY remarked that the bill
seemed to contain some important principles, and
moved its commitment to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which was
agreed to
On motion,
The House adjourned.
SELECT COMMITTEE
On so much of the President's Message as re-
lates to an establishment of a National Foundry
lor cannon, to be common to the service of the
Army and Navy of the United States
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland.
Mr. McKAY, o£ North Carolina.
Mr. INGHAM, of Connecticut
Mr. BIDDLE, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. GLASCOCK, of Georgia.
Mr. MALLORY, of Virginia.
Mr. PICKENS, of South Carolina.
Mr. PARMENTER, of Massachusetts
Mr PARKER, of New Yoik
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 10, 1838
The CHAIR presented a report from the Secre-
tary of War, relative to the state of defences on
our Northern and Eastern frontier, accompanied
by a communication from General Scott on the
same subject, and other documents ordered, with
1,500 extra copies, to be printed Also, a com-
munication from the Secretary of State
Mr McKEAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Chester county, and four of like import
from citizens of Philadelphia, remonstrating against
annexing Texas to the United States laid on the
table Also, from the hies of the last session, a
memorial from the trustees of Dickinson College,
in Pennsylvania, praying for a donation in land,
■was referred to the Committee on Public Land
Mr N1LES
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of Ed-
ward H Clarke, Administrator of George Clarke,
for compensation for services during the late 11 ar
referred to Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed
Also, of S Morris Wain and Co for remission
of certain duties paid on goods destroyed by fire
referred to Committee on Pinance
Mr. CL4Y of Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands, -eported a bill for the estabhshmg of
an additional Land Office in Alabama read, and
ordered lo a second reading
Also, a report adverse to pennons for two addi-
tional land office- in Missour    adopte 1
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a   bill for the  relief of Armas  Smith
read, and ^ordered to a second reading
Mr CRITTENDEN", from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal  representatives of Daniel Hall, de-
ceased , al o, a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of John Brooks severally ordered to a
second reading
Mr. C. also gave notice that he should  on to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of the widows and orphans of the officers of the
United States schooner Wildfire
Mr RUGGLES
Mr TIPTON, from the Committee rn Roads
and Canals, reported a bill granting the right of
way through the public lands to the State of Illi-
nois and institutions incorporated theitm foi the
purposes of internal improvements ordered to a
second reading
Also, a bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and
Abel Gay, contractors on the Cumoerland load
ordered to a second reading
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
Resolved, That the Secretai y of War inform the
Senate what amoant of treaty stipulations and an-
nuities to the Indians, payable by lav/ in cash,
have been paid m merchandise-, and under what
authority such payments were mide, during the
year 1837
Mr YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill, which had been twice
read and referred to that committee, entitled "A
bill making appropriations for certain roads m the
Territory of Wisconsin "
Mr  Y   also, on leave, introduced   a bill  to
authorize the President of the United States  to
cause the reserved lead mine lands in the S ate of
Illinois and the Terntory of Wisconsin to be sold
as other public lands
On motion of Mr BENTON, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
inquire into the expediency of providing for the
remuneration of United States officers, for horses
lost n transporting the same bj sea to Tampa Bay
Adopted, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs
Mi KING, from the Committee on Foieign Af-
fans, reported a bill giving effect to the 8th section
of the lieaty of 1819 with Spain ordered to a se-
cond leading
Bill for the relief of the Great and Little Osa e
Indians, by the immediate payment of the annuities
of 1838, read a third tune, and passed
The resolution introduced by Mr HUBBARD,
authorizing the Secretary of the Senate lo compile
and publish a list of the petitions for claims, etc
was, on lus motion, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Clin is
Mr CVLTIOITN S fifth resolution was taken up
as the unfinished business The question being on
an amendment offeied as a substitute by Mr
CLAY, was discussed to a late hour, and finally
adopted as modified by Mr BUCHANAN, bj a
vote of 24 to 13
The question Mas then taken on the adoption of
the resolution as amended, and passed by a vote of
36 to 8
And the Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESEN FATIVES,
JnuRsruY, January 11, 1838.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from Mi Dorsey, the Sergeant-at-aims, stating
that, on receiving a large sum of money from the
Bank of th" Metropolis, for the pay of the mem-
bers at the late special session, there was a defi-
ciency of upwaids of ^3,800, and thit the direc'ors
had hitheuo neglected to investigate the matter,
though one oí the board had admitted a surplus of
cash m the bank, to about the amount missed by
Mr D who had httheito supplied it from his pn
vate furds
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland alluded to the w e'l
known honesty md sen^e of honor which charac-
tenzed the Seigeant-at-arms There could be no
doubt but that there was an error on the part of the
bank, which would be remed ed after a propei m-
\cs igation
Mr THOMAS of Maryland a s0 attested to the
high re peotibility and fidelity of the Sergemt-at
arms, whom he had known lot a long period He
alluded to the request made by thit officer to the
directors of the bank, and contended that ample
time had been afforded for them to retuin an an-
swer.    But as they had refused to do so, he was in
favor of referring the subject to a select committee.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio had nothing to
say against the integrity and honesty of the Ser-
geant-at-arms, but he hoped that gentlemen would
not contrast his honesty with the honesty and
fidelity of the officers of the bank who had no
hearing m the House Mr W then adverted to
what he termed the imprudent manner m which
the business of that officei was transacted, by his
allowing gentlemen and members of Congress flee
access to his room, when so much money was in
his possession At the end of the late special ses-
sion, when he (Mr W ) saw so much money
aoout, m a room to which all seemed to have
peces-., it appeared inexplicable to him how the
business could be tiansacted without frequent mis-
taken For his part, he was not opposed to an
investigation , but he considered that the charac-
ter of the bank directors was as dear to them, as
that of the Sergeant at-arms was to him, and with
that \ lew, he objected to a discussion previous to
the investigation, when gentlemen were liable to
have their minds prepossessed on the subject
Mr. JENIFER was not aware that any charge
had been made against either the Sergcant-at-arms
or the officers of the bank It was evident that a
mistake had been made, and the question was, on
whose part it hy Mt J spoke at some length on
the high character and moral "worth of the Ser-
geant at-arms, both in his public and private ca-
pacity He was also willing to speak to the re-
spectability and fidelity of the officers of the bpnk,
as far as he knew them, but the only proper couise,
in his opinion, w as to refer the subject to a com-
mittee for pioper nnes'igaüon
After some Brief remarks from Mr BOND,
Mr EVERETT thought it very probable that
the bank directors would make a report in a \ciy
short time, hy which the House would be saved
much trouble. He therefore moved a postpone-
ment of the subject until Tuesday next
Mr PEARCE thought it due to the Sergernt-at-
arms that an investigation should be made without
delay, and, if it «hall then appear that there was
no blame attached lo him, it was no more than j nst
that the House should lemuneiale hi-n for h s loss
He alluded to the necessarily hurried state ot busi-
ness at the end of the session, and the great proba-
bility of an unavoidable mistake hiving been made
He hoped the "e itl°mm 1iom Vcimont would
withdiaw ins a. endmenl, and that the subject
would b > at onre icferred
Mr GLASCOCK consideied it abso'uteij nece.-
STy, fiom th1 course the discussion had taken,
that a ifieience of die who'e matter should be
madt to a select committee He considered it not
only due to the Sergeant at ¡>rms aid the officrs
of the bvilr, but it was eqi.alty dw from re rarkd
which h d b en made to the members of tms
House One or two gentleman hid obscrvcel
that the Seigeantat a ins had transacted his bti
siuess in rather a loose manner; and from ihe
fiee access given by him to h s room whilst paying
off the members, thej h«d looked ioi such bss s
Such a charge, Mi & said, amounts to r o inort
noi less than tus t'iat if thf Serge, nt-at an is
actuall} iccen°d f>r inonej irom the ba ik
ht, musí im¡roperly ha\a retained it, o-
Ime pail out to the menbers moo thin they
were entil'ed to recen e, unle^, perchance
it iva- pu'omed from hs noil Ui ler sjch
a sti e of things, it <>emed to him lint in inquirí,
lull and free, shoul 1 be had into ill trie circumstan-
ces en in cted witi the trai sietion, and th= ficts
reporte 1 to ll s House Tip had r>oubts h mse f
how fir tins Hous" cou'dgo but i e wis dextrous
that ail th facts shoul 1 be collei ted, and so soon is
they weie reported ' had no doubt the rrpner steps
would be t?k"i to f'o ampio ju-tiee to all the par
ties interested, fid thata'l won' 1 be ¡elie^ed from
an  unjust an 1 nipiopei cei ui
Mr THO vt IS a/a n id St < i the House in
f<n or i refcre ice to a select coi mtfe He con-
sdetee' tie charge of caieles-ness made against die
Sergent-afirms, as irconsistei t Did the/ suppose
for a moment that tieu ol cer w,s tj exclude
members of Congress from bis loom, lest he should
lose part of his funds    He con> nded that the
