CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- )..........,      .,..,.......■      i,    ___.mi. i,, ...       J""L'_LU"..............'.......    '    "..... ■"'—'"■"    ........'........-■.—.—...........-!-■.......■!'-—■—————.■                '—"-'■' —■■—>■—"......-"';7........—■"   ,   .......—......     ""       i-y^  ij.^]i^,,r,iM.ai.Mieav^a
~Z5rvTCom.......-2nd Sess.                               MONDAY, JANUARY 22, 1838.                                Volume 6.........No. 7.
v    "         '           .............                 .......■'   '                               .....■=-.~1~~----    %i.m   zz£=zz       j.-.    i_j ■■'■■ .....  ,-------.-=.11.n-         '   in—é
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                       ---------WEEKLY---------                            PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
[Continued from.  Vb. 6]                      ,
just apprehension m the States sustaining that do-
mestic institution, would be a f lolation. of good
faith towards the inhabitants of such Territory,
■who have been permitted to settle with and hold
slaves, because the people of such Territory have
not asked tor the abolition of slavery therein, and
because that, when any such Territory shall be
admitted into the Union as a State, the people
thereof will be entitled to decide that question ex-
clusively for themselves
The question was then taken on its adoption,
and carried by a vote of of 34 to 9
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bayard, Benton, Black,
Broun, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Faltón,
Hubbard, King, Kmght, Lumpkin, Lyon Merrick,
Nicholas, Niies, Norvell, Pierce, Preston, Rives,
Rjane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Strange, Walker, White, Williams, Wright, and
Young—34
NAYS—-Messrs. Clayton, Davis, Grundy,
McKeau, Prentiss, Robbms, Smith of Indiana,
Swift, and Webster—9
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES
Friday , January 12, 1838
Mr   BUCHANAN, from  the   Committee  of
Elections, made areport on the Mississippi Election
case, which he moved to lay on the table and print
The report  was merely on  the facts, and was
submitted by the committee without  comment or
inference
Mr MAURY said he wished to submit a reso-
lution, but it was not in order
Mr GRENRELL wished to have the report
committed to a Committee of the Whole Housa
Mr BELL inquired of the Chair whether, if
the motion to lay on the table were decided in the
affirmative, it would again c ome up1
The CHAIR replied it would, when reached on
the calendar
Mr BELL hoped the gent'eman is ould not press
the motion, but consent to its commitment
Mr BUCII \N AN said he Made the motion un-
der the instruction of the committee Moreover,
the report itself came to no definite conclusion, and
< ontamed nothing upon which the House could
act, being mprcly a statement of facts, such as they
aere directed to bring forward
After several suggestions—
Mr B modified his motion by moving to post-
pone the furthei consideration of the report till
Tuesday next, and that it be printed, which was
agreed to
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill mal mg an ap-
propriation toi the protection of ihe northern fron-
tier of the United States.
On motion of Mi CAMBE ELENG the esti-
mates of the Oidtnan^e Depaitment for the year
1838 weie Hid on the table, and ordered to be
printed
Mr M KIM, trom tV «am conmittee, re-
0 rted a b 11 to provi ie I >r L"itiui h ibois, and
lj~ ÜV" temen al oí o'v-trdc i in-, m and a the
m ) 'th< of cert'm rivers toi the j ear lbjS, and for
otVi p lrposo
Mi vmiTLCSEYufOnio flora the Coramit-
et of Cli is, rtpntfd a bill fur int. íeliel of the
Springfield mannfaciuriDg companj
Mr STUART of "Vugmia, from the same cim-
mittee, rtpoitpo. a bill for the relief of Wmslow
Lewis
Mr SMITH, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to provide for the registra-
tion of vessels of the United States, for the collec-
tion of hospual money, the erection of marine
hospitals for sick and disabled seamen on the
Western r vers and lakes.
Also, a bill for relief of the legal representatives
of Nathan Sage
Mr CASEY, from the Committee on. the Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Daniel
Malone.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, fnm the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, reported a bill to require the
judge of the district courts ot East and West Ten-
nessee to hold a court in. Jackson, m said Sate
Mr BRUYN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the rehsf of Return B Brown
Mr TOUCEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to refund a fine imposed on the late
Matthew Lyon, under the Sedition laws, to h s
heirs and representatives
Mr RANDOLPH, fiom the Committee on Ag
nculture, reported a resolution msttucting that
committee to inquire vihethei there be, and it any,
what encouragement may be given to promote the
cultivation of the mulberrj, which w as concurred
in
Mr BELL, from the Committee op Indian Af-
fair*, repotted Senate bill, without amendment, to
provide for the payment of the annuities which
will become due and payable to the Great and Lit-
tle 0«age Indians for the year 1838, and for other
purposes
On motion of Mi B the bill was committed,
and then, on his motion, also, the House went into
committee on the same, Mr McKAY n the chair
Mr B buefly explained that ihe suffering condi
tion of these Indians was such tint depreditions
and mischief were likely to arise on the ore hand,
or vtarvation on the other
The bill was then consiItred «hen the c mmn.-
tee rose and reported it to the II mse, and it «as
oidered to a third reading, and then read a third
time and passed.
Mr MILLER of Mo. from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
General John E Wool, Inspector Geneial oí the
Army of the United States.
Mr HOWARD, fiom the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs, leported a bi'l for the stttleuenl of
the accounts of Richard Harnson, late Consular
Agent of the United States in Spam.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported
the following, viz
Bill for the relief of Eli7abeth Ftench
Bill A r the relief of Lli Eistman
Mi  STANLEY, from the Committee on  Inva-
lid Pensions, reported a bill   for  die  relief of Eli
Whaleb Spafford
Mr HARRISON of Missouri, fiom the Com-
mittee on the Pub! c Landi, reported the following
"Joint resolution directing the Sccietarj of Wai
to cause to bo examined and suivejed the ínun-
. da'ed lands of the Mississippi and its tributancs,
and report to Congiess ihe practicability of reclaim-
in  the same "
Mr HAR.ISON also reported a bill authorising
the Missouri and Mississippi Railroad Company to
locate their road throughout the public lands, and
for other purposes
Also, a bill making an appropriation of public
lands, for the construction of a mthlarj road in
the States ot Mis5ouu and Arkansas
All the above, with the exception statct, w ere
read twice and committed
On motion of Mr JOEJNSOY of Aiabima, two
thousand extra copies of tne report of the Secreta-
ry of War, relating to '1 o defence of the We tein
fiontier, with the accoi ípanymg surveys, were
ordeied to be printed foi the use of the House
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from theSecretaryofWar, transmitting
a statement prepared bv the Second Comptroller
of. appropriations and eipenditnre  for the year
1837, which, on motion of Mr C4MBRFLENG,
was laid on the table
The House then passed to the private orders,
and, on motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
i «solved itself into a CotBqjjttM of the Whole, M .
CASEY in the chair, and considered the following
hills :
1.  A bill for the ielief of administrator of Ed-
waid Duval
2.  A bill for the ielief of Richard Fnsby
3   A bill for the relief of Austin and Tailer.
4.   A bill for the relief of Alexander G Morgan.
5.  A bill for the relief of Jonathan Elliot.
C  A bill for the relief of John Wilson.
7   A bill for the relief of Commodore John
Biwnes
This bill was discussed at great length, being
opposed by Messrs CAMBRELENG, CRAIG,
RENCHER, andTILLINGHAST, and support-
ed by Messrs E WHITTLESEY, PARMEN-
TER, TALIAFERRO, LOOMIS, REED, MAX-
WELL, and LINCOLN, when the bill was laid,
aside to be reported
8     \. bill foi the ielief of Christopher Werner
9    \ bill for the ielief of David H   Maxwell.
10     V bill for the ielief of Thomas Tyner and
oilurb
11   A bill for the nhef of Melancton T Wool-
sey
12   A bill for the ielief of Toseph Nourse
13   A bill for the relief of James L Kenner.
14   A bill for the relief of James Herrón
15   A bill for the relief of H W Russel.
16   A bill for the relief of Freeman Brady.
17   A bill for the relief of Wm Tharp.
18. A bill foi the ielief of William and James
Crooks
19    A bill foi ihf ielief of James Callan
20   A bill foi the relief of the representatives of
Fairow and Hairis
21    A bill for the relief of Converse and Rees.
The above having been considered, the Commit-
tee rose and reported all but No. 12 (for the relief
of Joseph iNourse) on which it had leave to sit
again, and all the others were ordered to be engros-
sed for a third reading
The House again resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole, Mr. CALHOUN of Massachu-
setts, in the Chair, and took up and considered the
following bills
22.  A bill for the relief of Robert Fulton
23.  A bill for the relief of Thomas Fillebrown, jt.
24.  A bill for the relief of Levy Court, Calvert,
county, Maryland
25   A bill foi the relief of Hugh McDonald.
26.  A bill for the relief of D W. Haley
27.  A bill for the relief of Ann W Johnston.
23. A bill for the relief of Robert Keyworth.
29   A bill for the relief of Wtlham Radchff.
30   A bill for the ielief of Charles Benns
31   A bdl for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard
and others
32   A bill foi the relief of Wmthrop Sears.
33   A bill for the relief of Hemy Beamish
34   JL bill for the relief of Frederick Reze
35    A bill for the relief of Squire Stearns.
36   A bill for the relief of Nathan Smith and
others
37   A bill for the relief of the owners of the
srhoonei Three Brothers
3b   A bill for the relief of Moses Merrill.
39   A hill for the ielief of Joseoh Deshiekls
■iO   A bill foi the relief of Nathan Levy
41   \. bill for the rsltef of Ferdinand Clark.
42.   A. bill for the rel if of -Thomas Gushing
43.  A mil for the rehet of the executors of John
II Pete^on, deceased
44   A bill for the relief of Isaac Wellborn, jr.
The committee then lose, and reported all the
above bills except except Nos 23 and 31 in the
above list, on which the committee had leave to sie
again.
Bill N. 22, for the relief of Robert Fulton, wag 
on motion of Mi. McKAY, postponed till to-mor-
row, and all the others were ordered to a tSw«|
reading to morrow; and the ,
On motion,
The House adorned,
