JCTfr ________________CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
racter of civil war. They were from thenceforth
belligerents, governed by the laws of war. It was
a Tight of this nation to have taken sides y, ith
Texas, had she seen proper to do so By that act
she might have abrogated the treaty of amity,
commeice, and navigation with Mexico, but it
would not have been a violation of the faith
of treaties. The use of her liberty would
only have deprived her of thp rights of neutrality
defined by the treaty But this Government has
not exercised its right to become party to a war
from which it is not precluded by a treaty of neu-
trality. It has given no just offence to either of the
parties, because it has been impartial between them
It has not arrested its citizens from a participation
in the struggle, nor do the laws of nations reqmi e
it. If the «¡iro-pacific policy contained m the act
of 1818 has not been enforced, it is altogether a
matter of domestic concern. If the Executive has
relaxed its execution, it is for the American people
to judge how far the nature of the contest required
it, and is no just ground of complaint on the part
of Mexico.
The SPEAKER reminded Mr. H. that a discus-
sion upon that subject would not be m ordei.
Mr. HOLSEY would submit to the decision of
the Chair, but he considered it impossible for him
to repel the charges made against the Administra-
tion unless he drew a parallel between the two
cases.
Mr. CUSHING had read the pamphlet in ques
tion,. but would support the resolution because he
desired to have it communicated officially to the
House. With regard to its contents, he fully
agreed with the views of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, (Mr. Howard.) Mr. C. commented at
some length on the objectionable nature of the
pamphlet, and the conduct of the diplomatic func-
tionary who had cummumcated it to the Secretary
He would ask if it was a proper act for a foreign
minister to adopt such a course, and to make
tha remarks attributed to him? That infor-
mation, said Mr. C. has been communicated
to the House by the Secretary of State, and,
until it is contradicted by the same authority,
I shall assume it to be correct. Was the course,
therefore, of that Minister a justifiable and a pro-
per one? A course, justly remarked by my col-
league, calculated to engender bad feelings, and an
incentive to hostility between this country and
Mexico Was it right for a Minister of a foreign
power to make such remarks, leaving alone the
communication of the pamphlet itself? I say it
was grossly improper, and unless the name of that
individual is made known, it will throw disgrace
upon the whole diplomatic corps. Until that per-
son shall be designated, a stigma of disgrace and
reproach will cling to the whole of that body I
desire that the individual be made known, that we
n>ay put a mark upon him, in order that the rest of
the diplomatic corps may be exonerated from the
imputation which must otherwise rest upon them
Mr C. proceeded to state that it had been assert-
ed in the public press, that thp individual was no
other than the British Mimstei. He did not pre-
tend to say whether such was the fact or not, but
he desired to know if such was the case, and whe-
ther that functionary, in the present delicate situa-
tion of Great Britain and the United States, had
pursued such a course, calculated to inflame the
differences between the United States and Mexico
If, however, the amendment should be carried, and
the inquiry suppressed, he, Mr. C. would take it
for granted, that it reas the British Minister, and
no one else. He would place that constructirn
upon it, and he desired it might go forth to the
world that, if the mquny was icfused, such was
the verified and established fact.
Mr C was proceeding   n his remarks, when—
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hoar had expired, and the House then pasSe¿ to
the orders of the day
The SPEAKER laid before the Hotw; the fol-
lowing Executive communications, viz
1. Prom the Secretaiy of War, transmitting re-
ports from the Topographical Bureau, accompanied
by «unary documents, m reference to-the survey
tf the Kennpbec, over, in the State of Maine
On motion of Mi EVANS, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commeice.
2   From the same, transmitting a report from
the Topographical Bureau, accompanied by a sur-
vey of Cleaveland harbor.
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN, referred to the
Committee on Commerce
3   Prom the Secretary of State, a communica-
tion stating the amount of postages paid on letters
and papers transmitted by that department b> the
Express mail
On motion of Mr MONTGOMERY, referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post. Rrads
Mr BRIGGS laid on the table an amendment
he proposed to offer to the mileage bill; when that
bill should come up again foj consideration, and
the same was ordered to be printed
On motion oí Mr. FILLMORE, 2,000 extra co-
pies of ihe message of the President of the United
States, and the accompanying correspondence be-
tween tins Government and the British Minister m
relation to Canada, were ordered to be printed.
The House then passed to the private orders.
The following bills were read a third tune and
passed
An act for the relief of the administrator of Ed-
ward W Duval
An act for the relief of Richard Fnsby
An act for the relief of Austin and Tatler
An act ioi the relief of Alexander G Morgan
An act for the relief of Jonathan Elliot.
An act for the relief of John Wilson.
An act for the relief of Christopher Werner.
An act for the relief of David H. Maxwell
An act for the relief of Thomas Tyner and
others
An act for the relief of Melancton T. Woolsey
An act for the relief of Toseph Nourse
An act for the relief of James L Kennei
An act foi the relief of James Herrón
An act for the relief of H W Russel.
An act for the relief of Fieeman Brady.
An act for the relief of William Tharp
An act for the relief of  William and Jame1*
Crooks
An act for the relief of James Callan.
An act for the lelief of the represéntalac*  oí
Farrow and Harris
An act for the relief of Converge and Rees
An act for the relief of Levy Court, Calvert
county, Maryland.
An act for the relief of Hugh McDonald
An act for the relief of D W Haley.
An act for the relief of Aun W Johnston
An act for the relief of Robert Keyworth
An act for the relief of Joseph RadclifT.
An act for the relief of Charles Benns
An act for the relief of Winthrop Seais.
An act for the relief of Henry Beamish.
An act for the relief of Frederick Reze.
An act for the relief of Squire Stearns
An   act   for the relief of  Nathan Smith   and
olh rs
An act for the relief of the owners of the
schooner Three Brothers
An act for the relief of Moses Meinll
An act for the relief of Toseph Deshields
An act foi the relief of Nathan Levy.
An act for the relief of Terdmand Clark.
An act foi the relief of Thomas Cushmg.
An act foi the relief of the executors of John H
Peterson, deceased
An act for the relief of Isaac Wellborn, jr and
William Wellborn.
An act to amend the act entitled An act foi th 
íehef of James Steele, approved 28th June, 1836
The " bill foi the lelief of Commodore John
Downes" coming up.
Mr RENCHER moved a reconsideration of tm
vote 1 y which this bill had been ordered to i th.nl
reading , which was agreed to and the bill was
postponed to Fnday next.
The engrossed bill for the relief of the executors
of John H Peterson, deceased, was auends-d, by
striking out ¡he provision foi mteiesi, and was
then read a third time, and passed
The following Message, in. writing, was received
from the President of the Uwtsd Statess by the
hands of his private Secretary, Abraham Van Bu-
rén, esq.
To the Senate andlldiise of Representatives-
I transmit to Congress copies of a representatioB
from a late gra'id jury of the county of Washing-
ton, in this District, concurred in by two of the
judges of the Circuit Court, of the necessity for the
erection of a new jail and a lunatic as) lum in this
city I also transmit copies of certain proceedings
of the Circiut Couit for the county of Alexandria,
at the last October term, and of a representation of
the grand jury, made with the approbation of the
Court, showing tha unsafe condition of the court-
hoi s of th->t county, and the necessity of anew
on<".
I recommend the¡>e objects to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress
M  VAN BUREN.
Washington, Jan 13, 1838
The Message having been read, was, on motion,
of Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia
The following Message from the President of the
United States, was also laid before the House
To the Speaker of the House of Represeiilaíue<¡
In answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sematives or the 21 mst I transmit herewith a re-
port of the Secietary of War,-explanatory of the
causes which have prevented a compliance wit i a
«solution of that branch of Congres  of February
24, 1837.
M  VAN BUREN.
Washington, Jan. 12, 1838.
[The resolution leferred to in the above mes-
sage was in relation to frauds committed upon the
Cieek Indians ]
On motion of Mr OWENS referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs
On motion,
The House adjourned
HOUSE OE REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 15, 1838
On motion of Mr LINCOLN, the following
subject was u! en upj    ,
ft ? PATTON of Virginia on Monday last pre-
san led the memorial ot the Native Ameiican Asso-
ciation of Washington, signed by nearly one thou-
sand persons, prajmg thst Congress will pass an
act repealing the acts now m force providing for
the naturalization ot foreigners, or so to modify
them a<J may seem best calculated to secure to the
nat ve citizens of the United States the full enjoy-
ment of the privileges and rights which they are
justly entitled to under the Consitution And also
to make ample provisions by law for the protec-
tion of the United States from any future influx of
foreign paupers and convicts.
Mr PATTON meed to refer this memorial to
a select committee                                         •
Mr HAYNES moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary
Mi LINCOLN of Massachusetts had moved
the following mstrucLons to that committee.
AVuh it stiuctiens to consider the expediency of
revising and s-> amending th? laws on the subject
of the naturalization ot foreigners, as to require a
term of longer residence m the United States pre-
vious to their admission to the rights of American
citizenship, and gieater checks and securities
against frauds in the means and process of obtain-
ing na'urali/ation
And furthei to consider the propriety and expe-
diency of providing by law against the introduction
into the Uiited States of \agiants and paupers,
diooiled (rom foreigu countiie*, for whom no place
or íe ulen * and l^ean* 11 employ ment, and certa'n
sappi't f i a nasi r>\bV time ai'er their arr tat,
Ime been pr« ou 'j prepatcd, and of iequ ni ?
that the ownej  and ma ter^ cf \essels by w 1 om
such persons shall be brought into the country shall
be held hable for their relief, if left in distress, for
------months after their being landed
Mr. LLSCOLN now withdrew his instructions.
Mr. PATTON said it was a matter of indiffe-
rence to lum whether it was referred to a select
committap, or the Committee on the Judiciary,
Mr. HAYNES was dectdedly in finor of a re-
ference to th* Judiciary Commutes    He eonstder.
