CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             101
ed the subject belonged properly and technically to
that committee.
Mr. LINGOLN adverted, at some length, to the
great importance of the naturalization laws, and
contended that, owing to the great changes which
had taken place within the last thirty-five years, it
was necessary that considerable alterations should
he made. He asked if gentlemen were aware of
the immense evils which were inflicted on the At-
lantic cities by the great influx: of foreign paupers
and convicts. lie thought the subject ought to he
referred to a select committee, consisting of gentle-
men from that portion of the country who had seen
and experienced the evil results of the present sys-
tem.
After some brief remarks from Messrs. PAYN-
TER and BOON, the question was taken on the
amendment of Mr. HAYNES, and it was agreed
to—yeas 97, noes not counted,
Petitions aad memorials were then called for in
the order of States, commencing at the point sus-
pended on Mondav last, viz: the State of Virginia.
Messrs. MERCER, MALLORY, PATTON,
BOULDIN, MORGAN, ROBERTSON, and
BEIRNE, of Virginia.
[Mt^Mallory presented the petitions of Thos.
Peake, Maria C. Bell, John Harper; and ot the
heirs of James Marshall, Wm. Johnson, J. S.
Pell, and John Bradford.]
Messrs. CONNOR, BYNUM, HAWKINS,
GRAHAM, WILLIAMS.STANLY, and MONT-
GOMERY, of North Carolina.
Messrs. THOMPSON and ELMORE of South
Carolina.
Messrs. GLASCOCK, TOWNS, CLEAVE-
LAND and DAWSON of Georgia.
[Mr. Dawson presented a petition in favor of
James S. Calhoun, of Columbus, Ga. asking re-
muneration tor losses sustained by him in conse-
quence of the acts of the officers and agents of the
General Government, by impressing his pioperty
for the public use, and violating ceitam contracts
between Calhoun and Bass and the General Go-
vernment, in relation to the use of ihe steamboat
Anna Calhoun, running on the Chalahoochie.]
Also a petition from the President, Directors,
and Stockholders, asking of Congress to recharter
the Patriotic Bank, of Washington, in the District
of Columbia.]
[Mr. Cleveland presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Floyd county, Georgia, praying the esta-
blishment of two post routes: One from Ch-Tokee
Court House. Alabaran, via Chatooga Old Town,
in Plovd county, Georgia, and near tne Alabama
line, Hopkinsvilie post office, Beavers post office,
to Island town. The other from Treadaways
post office, Floyd county, via Beavers, Gambles, j
Sininarv, to Almons, m Browntown Valley.]
Messrs. POPE, MURRAY, SOUTHGATE,
RUMSEY, HA WES, GRAVES, WHITE, and
UNDERWOOD, of Kentucky.
[Mr. GtuvEsmoved that the annual report of the
President and Directors of the Louisville and Port-
land Canal for the year 1837, be referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals, and that the re-
port be printed.
Also, that the petition of sundry citizens of
Harrisonville and its vicinity, praying for a post
route from Shelbyville to Harrisonville, in Shelby
county, Kentucky, be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, that certain papers relating to a claim of
the heirs of Capt. Thomas Lewi-, be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.]
Messrs. SHIELDS, STONE, CAMPBELL,
CARTER, McCLELLAN, BELL, and Mr.
SPEAKER POLK of Tennessee.
[Mr. Shields presented the petition of Cornelius
Welch, praying Congress to allow him a pension
for Revolutionary services; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also,
the claim of George P. Adams of Tennessee,
against the United States for the los^ of a horse in
the service of the United Slates, which was refer-
red to the Committee of Claims. Also additional
testimony in favor of the claim of Janson Loyd;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, to which said claim had hereto-
fore been .referred.}
Messrs. WHITTLESEY, C. H. WILLIAMS,
MORRIS, LO0MIS, ALEXANDER, HAMER,
DUNCAN, MASON, ALLEN, HARPER, HUN-
TER, COFFIN, CORWIN, SHEPLOR, LEAD-
BETTER and GOODE, of Ohio.
[Mr. Hamer presented the remonstrance of Ru-
fus Richardson and thirty-three others, against the
annexation of Texas to the Union; also the petition
of Rufus Richardson and twenty-six others, for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Colombia;
both of which were laid on the table, under the or-
der of the House.]
[Mr. Hunter of Ohio, presented the following
petitions: From Wm. Walker of Upper Sandusky
for additional compensation. From Joseph Ed-
wards and others, oí Huron county, Ohio, for the
establishment of a post route, from the centre of
Bronson, Huron county Ohio, to Truxville, Rich-
Und county, Ohio. From Sandford Lesson and
others, for the same: referred to the Committee on
the Post Oi'ice and Post Roads.]
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana.
Messrs. BOON, DUNN, HEROD, WHITE,
RAR1DEN, and EWING, of Indiana.
[Mr. Dünn presented the petition of Capt. John
Craudon, praying for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
[Mr. White presented a memorial of the Gene-
ral Assembly of the State of Indiana, in relation to'
the harbor at Michigan city: referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
accompany bill No. 394, and ordered tobe printed.
Petition oí'J. Roop and others, ciiizens of Indiana,
for a mail route on the east side of the Wabash
river, from Terre Haute through Montezuma,
West Union, West Port, and Lodi, to Covington,
in Indiana: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. Petition of Elliott Baggs,
'of Warren county, la. (verified by sundry citizens,)
piaying compensation for a horse lost in the Black
Hawk war: referred to the Committee of Claims.
Memorial ol fifteen inhabitants of Wendell, Mass.
praying the abolition of slavery and the slave trade
in the Territories of the United States, where they
exi>-t: laid on the table. Petition of Jacob Bigelow,
and three hundred and fifteen others, citizens of
northern Indiana, praying aa appropriation for a
harbor at City West, at the head of Lake Michi- .
gan, in the State of Indiana: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Petition of John Baldwin and others, masters and
owners of vessels, shipping merchants and others,
interested in the trade of Lake Michigan, for the
same object: same order.]
[Mr. R.iriden presented the petition of Camp-
bell Doll, praying to be placed on the revolutionary
pension roll: referred. The letter as a petition of
Henrv R. Burnew, praying the renewal of Govern-
ment land warrant. The petition of 500 citizens
of Union county, praying the abolition of slavery
and the .-.lave trade in the District of Columbia.
Tne petition of 98 citizens of Randolph county,
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trado m
the District of Columbia. The petition of 119 citi-
zens of Randolph county, praying the abolition of
slavety and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia. The remonstrance of 167 citizens of
Randolph county, against the admission of any
new slare State into the Union.]
Messrs. CASEY and MAY of Illinois.
■[Mr. Casey presented the petition of James Al-
exander of Coles county, Illinois, praying the pas-
sage of a law authorizing him to correct an erro-
neous land entry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. Also, ¡he petition oi M.
Duncan of Shelbyville, Illinois, praying relief;
which was referred to the Committee of Ciaims.]
Messrs.   CHAPMAN, LYON, and MARTIN
of Alabama.
Messrs. MILLER and HARRISON of Mis-
SOUll.
[Mr. Miller presented the petition of J. L. Col-
lins and others, praying the establishment of a
mail route from Booneville, Missouri, by the way
ef Georgetown, Potter county, Rives Conrt-nonse,
O.-eoia, m Sinclair county, to Sarcoxie, m Bany
county; thence t© Fort Gibson, on the Arkansas
river: referred to the Committee on the Post Of-
I   fice and Post Roads,
Mr. Miller moved that the petition and accom-
panying papers of David and Samuel Bailey and
Dolly Cottle, praying Congress to confirm to them
certain Spanish grants to lands in the Stat« of Mis-
souri therein named, be removed from the files of
the House, and referred to the Committe on Pri-
Land Claims.
Also, that the petition and accompanying papers
of Isaac Ruland of Missouri, praying Congress to
grant him compensation for services rendaried by
him in the army of the United States during the
late war with Great Britain, and for property
taken from him by an officer of the army, for the
use of the United States, during said war, be taken
from the files of the House, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.]
[Mr. Harrison presented the petitions of Samu-
el Gladney, praying Congress to pass a law allow-
ing him to select such quantity of land on the re-
jected claim of Albert Tison as had been improper-
ly taken from him under the same claim; of Wil-
liam H. Duncan and William H. Taylor, asking
remuneration for damages sustained in conse-
quence of the alleged seizure of their goods by the
United States; of Richard Brannin for remunera-
tion for depredations committed on him by certain
Indian tribes.]
Mr. YELL of Arkansas
[Mr. Yell introduced the following petitions:  ,
William L. Widdington of Arkansas, praying for
a donation of 320 acres of land under the treaty
of the 24th May, 1828, with.the Cherokee Indians:
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Leonard K^plar for the confirmation of a Spanish
claim of 400 arpens in Arkansas: referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.    Petition of
sundry citizens of Arkansas for the establishment
of a military road from Little Rock to Fort Smith,
on the sooth side of the Arkansas rivet: referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.   Petition
of 200 citizens of Arkansas; praying a division of
the Helena Land District: referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.]
Mr. CRARY, of Michigan.
[Mr. Crary presented two petitions for a mail
route from Marshall to Allegan.   Also, a memo-
rial of 216  inhabitants of Lenawee county for
the abolition of slavery and  the slave trade in the
District of Columbia; of 176 women of the same
county, for the same object.   Also, a petition of
34 inhabitants of Washtenaw county, for the same
object.   Also, of 28 inhabitants of the same coun-
ty, for the prohibition of the domestic slave trade.
Also, of 30 inhabitants of said county, that no new
State be admitted into the Union, whose constitu-
tion tolerates domestic slavery.]
Mr. DOWNING of Florida.
Mr. JONES of Wisconsin.
Messrs. JENIFER and JOHNSON of Mary-
land.
Messrs. POTTS, HENRY, FRY, PLUMER,
DARLINGTON, HAMMOND, MUHLEN-
BERG, OGLE, WAGENER, KLINGEN-
SMITH, NAYLOR, TOLAND, McKENNAN,
BIDDLE, and M. MORRIS of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. Klingensmith presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Pennsylvania, for a mail route
from Indiana, Pennsylvania, via Warren, Arm-
strong county, and North Washington, Westmore-
land county, to East Liberty, Alleghany county,
Pennsylvania.]
[Mr. Henry presented the petition of Priscilla
Greer of Juniatta county, Pennsylvania, the daugh-
ter and only heir of John McClelland, deceased, who
was a lieutenant m the Revolutionary war, and who
died in the service of his country, praying for acom-
mutation of five years' full pay as a lieutenant, with
interest; and, on motion, referred to the Committee
of P.evolutionary Claims. Also, the petition of
Isaac McCamment of Mercer county, a soldier
in the Revolutionary war, praying for pay for
ten months'1 service m that war, for which he never
received any compensation: referred to the sams
committee.
[Mr. M. Morris presented the petition of Ellen
Lacy, of Bucks i-*ounty, Pennsylvania, the widow
ot Isaac Lacy, deceased, asking for a pension,
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.    Also, the jemcuiiiraiiee sf 121
