102                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
citizens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, against the
annexation of Texas to the United States.]
[Mr. Fry presented the petition of 105 legal
voters of Montgomery county, Pa. remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the.Union: laid
on the table. Also, the petition of 68 voters of the
same place, praying the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia. Also, the petition of Jacob
Erb, for a pension.]
[Mr. Plumer presented a petition signed by
eighty-five citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania,
praying the abolition of slavery in the District of
Columbia. One signed by eighty-five citizens of
the same cotmty, praying for the abolition of sla-
very and the slave trade where it exists in the
Territories of the United States; and one signed by
ninety-two citizens of the same county, praying
that ne State be admitted into the Union whose
Constitution tolerates slavery; which petitions were
laid on the table. Also, a memorial signed by
citizens of Pennsylvania and New York, praying
for an appropriation to improve the Alleghany
river from Olean to Pittsburg; which was referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals, and or-
dered to D8 printed. Also, a petition signed by ihe
executors of Thomas Atkinson, deceased, praying
for exoneration from a collector's bond: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. Also, a petition
for the establishment of a mail route from Butler
to Tionesta: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.]
Messrs. RANDOLPH, AYCRIGG, and YORKE
of New Jersey.
Messrs. CHILDS, BRODHEAD, PALMER,
FOSTER, McCLELLAN, FILMORE, PECK,
GRAY, BIRDSALL, DEGRAFF, PARKER,
LOOM1S, SPENCER, PATTERSON, RUSSEL,
HOFFMAN, SIBLEY and CAMBRELENG of
New York.
[Mr. Cambreleng presented the petition of Eliza
Nichols, ¡for a pension; of Angelica Gilbert, for a
pension or some other relief; of Lewis Feucht-
wanger, praying Congress to substitute certain coins
in lieu of our copper coins; a memorial from cer-
tain American authors, praying for the enactment
of an international copy right law; and a memorial
for a canal around the falls of Niagara.]
[Mr. Parker presented the petition of Betsy
Warner, asking for a pension on account of the
Revolutionary services of her late husband, Zelotus
Warner: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.]
[Mr. Birdsall presented the petition of Randal
Hewit, Seneca Falls, New York, praying compen-
sation for property lost in the war of the Revolu-
tion, and for services rendered in that war: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims. Also,
communication from J. W. P. Lewis, civil engineer,
on the subject of making Indian Key, Florida, a
port of entry: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. Also, the petition of Gratia Ray, widow
of William Ray, Seneca Falls, New York, with
sundry documents in support of the same; which,
on motion of Mr. B. was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.]
[Mr. McClellan presented the petition of Jere-
miah A. Winne, asking an increase of his pension
as an invalid. Also, the petition of Oliver Spencer,
asking a pension for services performed, and disa-
bilities incurred, m the last war: referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
[Mr. Spencer presented the petition of Jacob
Reding ton.]
[Mr. Sibley of New York presented the follow-
ing petitions: Petition of Morris F. Sheppard and
52 other male and 3 female citizens of the county
of Gates, in the State of New York, for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia. Of
Daniel W. Lockwood, and 7 other freeholders of
the town sf Hopewell, in the same State, for the
like object. Of the same, for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the Territories of me
United States. Of the same, for the regulation of
commerce in such manner as to prohibit the slave
trade between the several Slates. Of Lucy Sawyer
and S other females of the same town, for the aboli-
tion of slavery and the slave trade in the District
of Columbia, and in the territories of the United
States.   Of James Harland, and 63 "other citizens
of Manchester, in the Slate of New York, for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia.
Of the same, for the abolition of slavery in the ter-
ritories of the United States. Of the same, for the
regulation of commerce in such manner as to pro-
hibit the slave trade between the several States.
Remonstrance of David W.' Lockwood, and 15
other citizens of the county of Ontario, in the same
State, against the admission of Texas into the
Union. Of Pardon Butts, and 63 other citizens of
the town of Manchester, in the same State, for the
like object. Of James Harland, and 67 other citi-
zens of the same town, for the like object. Of the
same, against the admission of any new State
whose Constitution admits domestic slavery.
Such of the foregoing petitions and remonstran-
ces as relate to slavery, were laid upon the table
under Mr. Patton's resolution; and those which
relate to Texas were also laid upon the table, on
motion of Mr. Wise of Virginia.
On motion of Mr. Sibley, the petition of Daniel
McKenney, a Revolutionary soldier, for a pension,
! with the accompanying papers,  were taken from
the files and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.]
Messrs. FLETCHER, ALLEN, and EVE-
RETT, of Vermont.
[Mr. Fletcher presented the petition of one
hundred and thirty-two men and women of Wal-
den, Vermont, for the abolition of slavery in the
Territories ; which, under the order of the House,
was laid on the table.]
Messrs. TOUCEY, HOLT, and INGHAM, of
Connecticut.
[Mr. Holt presented the petition of John Snow,
of Conneciicut, praying Congress to redeem Conti-
nental money by him received for services rendered
in the war of the Revolution.]
Mr. CRANSTON, «f Rhode Island.
Messrs. PARMENTER, CUSHING, GREN-
NELL, FDETCHER, REED, CALHOUN,
BRIGGS, LINCOLN, and ADAMS, of Massa-
chusetts.
[Mr. Parmenter presented the petition of Josiah
Bartlett and 62 others, of Concord, Mass. and G.
W. Stacy and 51 others, of Carlisle, Mass. against
the admission of new Slates whose constitution to-
lerates domestic slavery. Of Josiah Bartlett and
69 others, of Concord, G. W. Stacy and 45 others,
of Carlisle, for the abolition of slavery in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, and the slave trade in the Unit-
ed States. Of G. W. Stacy and 29 others, of Car-
lisle, for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade
in the Territories of the United States.]
Messrs. WILLIAMS, FARRINGDON, and
CUSHMAN, of New Hampshire.
[Mr. Williams presented a petition for a mail,
route extending from Andover, in the State of
Maine, to Colebrook, in the State of New Hamp-
shire.
[On motion of Mr. Cushman, the petition of Julia
S. Horton, praying for a pension, was referred to
the Commijtee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. C. also presented the petition of Olive Renge
Watls, praying for a pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.]
Messrs. FAIRFIELD, EVANS, SMITH, DA-
VE E, and CARTER, of Maine.   •
[Mr. Davee presented the petition of Judah Mc-
Lelian and 91 others, citizens of Somerset county,
State of Maine, praying for the immediate abolition
of slavery m the District of Columbia. Petition of
31 males and 24 females of the same county, for
the same purpose. Also, the memorials of Joseph
Locke and 72 others, citizens of Bloomfield, Maine,
remonstrating against- the annexation of Texas to
the United States; of Andrew Barnard and 53
others, citizens of the same connty, for the same
purpose; of Delia B. Weston and 90 other women
of Bloomfield, in the State of Maine, remonstrating
againsi the annexation of Texas to the United
States: which were severally laid on the table.]
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the-Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of the amount of postage
paid by that Department per Express mail.
On motion of Mr.  BRIGGS, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Road¡>.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Hall's post office to
Catawba Creek post office, in the county of Lin-
coln, N. C.
Mr. WISE begged to inquire of the Chair what
had become of a resolution offered by Mr. W.
at the late special session, and postponed till the
present?
The CHAIR replied, that by the invariable
practice that disposition of it was identical in effect
with its indefinite postponement.
Mr. WISE said he was not aware of that fact,
and he wished it so understood.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, Jan. 15, 1838.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of War, made in compliance with a reso-
tion of the Senate, relative to the expediency of
employing an additional number of clerks in the
office of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, ac-
companied by a communication from the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs on the same subject. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a report from the same Department, trans-
mitting a report from the Topographical Bureau,
accompanied hy documents, m reference to the
harbor of Southport, Wisconsin Territory, made in
obedience to a resolution of the Senate of the 28th
inst.   Referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a report from the same, transmitting a re-
port from the Topographical Bureau, accompanied
by a report and documents, in reference to the sur-
vey of Kennebeck river, in obedience to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 28th inst.; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. RUGGLES, was laid on the table.
Also, a report from the Navy Department, trans-
milting a copy of the report of Captains Kearney
and Sloat, and their examination of the harbor of
Princess Ann.
Mr. TIPTON presented sundry resolutions of
the General Assembly of Icdiana, praying for an
appropriation for the improvement of the harbor of
Michigan city; also, a petition from sundry citi-
zens of Indiana, praying for the establishment of a
post route: both of which were appropriately re-
ferred.
Mr. McKEAN presented a petition from sundry-
citizens of Philadelphia, praying for an appropria-
tion for the completion of the frigate Raritan, now
on the stocks: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. McKEAN also presented several petitions
from citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the admiision of Texas into the Union, and
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia: the question as to reception laid on the
table.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
Horatio N. Crabb, late a lieutenant in the United
States Marine corps; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, urging Congress, for
many reasons, and some of them very powerful,
against the passage of any international copy right
law: referred to the Committee on the Library, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
Simeon Knight; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented the petition of Gillis
Hitch, praying for a pension in consideration of
revolutionary services: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of the heirs
of Daniel Trueheart, praying to be compensated
for a building burnt during the revolutionary war:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. LYON presented a memorial from twenty-
eight inhabitants of Saint Joseph, in the State of
Michigan, praying for an appropriation of twenty
thousand dollars to improve the harbor of Port
Sheldon, at the mouth of Pigeon river, in that State:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NILES presented a remonstrance f romsundry
