*0A
«barged him with the duty of bringing forward this
till at the earliest period, and it was, his fault, per-
haps, that it had been delayed till the abolition
question was determined. If, however, the gentle-
man wished a postponement till to-morrow, he had
no objection to grant it.
Mr. RUGGLES said he did not wish to be un-
derstood by that Senator, nor by the Senate, as
having any disposition .to throw unreasonable
embarrassments in thg way of the progress of the
bill, although he must say that he should feel
much less anxiety for its passage on account of the
cireumstance the Senator from Pennsylvania had
mentioned. He alluded to the information we
have received this morning, that the gross and fla-
grant outrage on the Niagara frontier, (he referred
to the attack upon, and destruction of the Caro-
line,) was avowed by the commanding officer in
that vicinity as having been committed by his di-
rection. He was satisfied with the proposition to
adopt the amendment as matter of form, and to
have it printed for further consideration.
Mr. BUCHANAN considered that it would be
very unfortunate, indeed, if the important question
of the Maine boundary should be mixed up with
the matters contained in this bill. That question
■would of itself be sufficient to command the anx-
ious and undivided attention of Congress when it
should be properly presented. At present, he un-
derstood from high authority, that an answer was
daily expected at the Department of State, from
the British Government, to the last proposition
made by this Government. For aught he knew,
it might, at this very time, have been actually re-
ceived. The negotiation was about to close; and,
at this moment, to take the question out of the
hands of the Executive, and introduce it into a bill
to preserve the peace of our frontiers, would, in his
opinion, be exceedingly ill-timed.
The amendment, Mr. B. said, did no more than
to define, with greater precision, the objects to
which the bill was intended to apply. He trusted,
therefore, that the Senator from Maine would per-
mit the question to be taken upon this amend-
ment. After its adoption, he would move to post-
pone the bill, and make it the special order of the
day for to-morrow, and to print the amendment.
The amendments were then agreed to, and the
bill was postponed to, and made the order of the
day for to-morrow.
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein
named, was taken up in Committee of the
Whole, and after considerable discussion was
amended, and ordered to be engrossed for a thud
reading.
The bill for the relief of the steamboat company
of Nantucket, was amended, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of Caroline E. Clilhe-
rall was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The following bills were also considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and severally ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading:
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy of
Arkansas.
[The bill for the benefit of John H. Hall: was
after a short discussion, laid on the table.]
The bill for the relief of Samuel Ferguson.
The bill for the relief of Thomas A. Smith.
The bill for relief of the legal representatives of
Francis Cazot.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the ship
Alleghany or their legal representatives.
The following bilk from the House were seve-
rally read twice, and referred.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Wellborn, jr. and
William Wállborn.
The bill to amend the act for the relief of
James Steel, approved 28ih June, 183S.
The bill for the relief of Christopher Werner.
The bill for the relie/of James Hellea.
The bill for the relief of the administrators of
Edward W. Duval.
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Elliott.
The bill for the relief of John Wilson.
The bill f r the relief of Doctor David M.
Maxwell.
The bill for th* relief of Themas Tyler and
•th«s.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill for the relief of Melanethon. T. Wool-
sey.
The bill for the relief of James L. Kenner.
The bill for the relief of H. W. Russell.
The bill for the relief of Freeman Brady.
The bill for the relief of Alexandar G. Morgan.
The bill for the relief of Charles Bell.
The bill for the relief of Winthrop Sears and
others.
The bill for the relief of Henry Bemis.
The bill for the relief of Frederick Reese.
The bill for the relief of Squire Stearns.
The bill for the relief of Nathan Smith and
others.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the schoo-
ner three brothers.
The bill for the relief of Moses Merrill.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Dashiels.
The bill for the relief of Nathan Levy.
The bill for the relief of Ferdinand Clark.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Cushing.
The bill for the relief of John A. Peterson, exe-
cutor of John H. Peterson, deceased.
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate then went
into Executive business.
And when the doors were opened,
The Senate adjourned.,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, January 16, 1838.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The first business in order was the consideration
of the report of the Committee of Elections, on the
case of the Mississippi election, which had been
postponed to this day.
The subject having been announced from the
Chair,
Mr. BRONSON rose and intimated his wish to
offer a resolution.
Mr. WISE inquired if it would be in order.
The CHAIR replied not, unless it related to the
subject matter under consideration.
M-r. BRONSON saying that it did, the resolution
was read as follows:
Resolved, That S. S. Prentiss and Thomas J.
Word are not members of the 25th Congress, and
are not entitled lo seats in this House.
Mi. WISE moved the preliminary motion that
the gentlemen referred to have leave to appear
within the bar of the House, touching their right to
seats therein, as representatives from the State of
Mississippi.
Mr. W. at first modified his resolution, by
substituting for the words " have l^ave," the words
" are entitled," but subsequently retained the origi-
nal words, at the suggestion, he said, of several
gentlemen near him. At the same time, he added,
he took that opportunity of saying that, by the
term " have leave," these gentlemen did not waive
the position they had assumed before that House,
the Government and the nation, and that that
House had not the power to deny the State of Mis-
sissippi the right of representation upon that floor.
Mr. W. retained the expression only because it
was the customary form of words.
Mr. HOWARD, after alluding to the indisposi-
tion of Mr. Claiborne, stated that he had in his
possession a paper from that gentleman, containing
a statement in relation to the subject before the
House, which he desired might be read by the
Clerk, and afterwards printed.
Mr. BELL objected.
Mr. WISE had no objection to the printing of
the paper, but could not consent to its reading,
which would interfere with the resolution.
Mr. HOWARD observed that as the statement
on the other side had been printed and laid upon
the tables of members, it was no more than fair
that the paper of Mr. «Claiborne should be laid
before the House as early as possible.
Mr. BELL referred to the case of Arnold of
Tennessee, and proposed to amend the resolution
so as to make it conform to the precedent established
in that case, as follows:
Unsolved, That S. S. Prentiss and Thomas J.
Word have leave to occupy seats within the. bar of
this House pending the discussion ef the report of
the Committee of Elections upon their application;
and that they hare leave to speak to the merits of
their application, and the report of the committee
thereon.
Mr. WISE accepted the modification.
Mr. FOSTER objected to the words "within
the bar." He considered the resolution ought to
be worded so as to preclude any debate on the part of
the claimants after they had closed their argument.
He did Bot think it right that they should be per-
mitted to mingle in debate with members of the
House after making their arguments on the ques-
tion they were interested in. With that view, he
moved to amend the resolution as follows:
Resolved, That S. S. Prentiss and Thomas J.
Word have leave to appear at the bar of this
House, and argue on the merits of their application
for seats therein.
Mr. BELL hoped the gentleman from New York
would not make any technical objections to the re-
solution, which was worded in strict conformity
with established precedent.
Mr. FOSTER made some brief remarks in sup-
port of his amendment. He contended that the
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Bell) had selected
a single isolated case, and that all the other prece-
dents would be found against him.
Mr. WISE regretted that any opposition of that
nature should have been made to the resolution. It
was a matter of no consequence to him where the
claimants were heard, whether "within" the bar,
or " at" the bar, so that they,were heard. Mr. W.
alluded to the high respectability of the gentlemen,
and hoped that the House would treat them in a
manner worthy of the station they oceup ed, as re-
presentatives sent by the people of Mississippi.
Mr. POPE objected to the word "bar" being in-
troduced at all into the resolution.. To him it gave
the matter the appearance of a trial in a court of
justice, and was derogatory to the highly respecta-
ble gentlemen claiming their seats. He wished the
word to be struck out altogether.
Mr. WISE suggested to Mr. P. that the word
"bar" had its parliamentary sense, as well as the
sense when applied to a court of justice. In the
present case it had a general meaning, and signified
"the House."
Mr. BELL protested against the amendment of
the gentleman from New York, inasmuch as it
appeared to him an attempt to narrow down into
the least possible compass the privileges which
might be allowed to the claimants. He would ask
the gentleman what there was in the present case
which required such extraordinary rigor? Was
it not cenducted in strict conformity with the for-
mer practice of the House? Mr. B. contended
that the present case was not an ordinary case of a
contested election. It was a distinctive election by
the people of Mississippi, not at all connected with
the preceding one. If the matter were at the op-
tion of the gentlemen, he admitted it would be a
different affair, but such was not the case; they
came as representatives from the people of Mis-
sissippi, and could not recede. All that was asked,
was the same privileges might be granted to them,
as were granted in the cases of Arnold and New-
land.
Mr. GLASCOCK regretted there should be any
unnecessary discussion on the subject. He saw
no benefit to be derived from the amendment pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, because,
if either proposition were adopted the claimants
would have the privilege of being heard, which
was all that was desired. It was of no impor-
tance whether they were within the bar or at the
bar, as the object contemplated would be accom-
plished. The amendment was a mere technical
objection, and of no consequence whatever. The
claimants were gentlemen of high standing, and
he had no doubt that they would be treated with
proper courtesy by the House, and that the ques-
tion would be decided in conformity with the Con-
stitution, at the same time with due deference to
the laws of Mississippi.
Mr. HAMER saw no manner of use in the pro-
posed amendment, as whether it were adopted or
not, the result would be the same. In his opinion
the original resolution was amply sufficient.-
Mr. REED hoped that whether the amendment
was adopted or not, the gentlemen from Mississippi
would be treated with proper courtesy, and allowed
u
