CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             105
the same privileges as m former cases of ths same
nature.
Mr. CUSHI-NCr was opposed to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HAYNES saw no benefit which would
arise from the adoption of the amendment, as
■whether the claimants were said to be " within"
the bar, or " at" the bar, it would amount to the
same thing.
After some remarks from Mr. BIDDLE, in op-
position to the amendment,
Mr. FOSTER assured ths House that he had
no objection to the situation occupied by the claim-
ante. His only object in oftering the amendment
waste provide, that after the claimants had closed
their argument, they should not then be allowed to
mmgle ia debate with members of the House. If
the original resolution would accomplish that ob-
ject, he had no objection to withdraw his amend-
ment ; but as the resolution made no such provision,
he would still press his modification.
Mr. BOON moved the previous question, which
■was ordered—ayes 85, noes not counted.
The main question was then ordered without a
count, and Mr. BELL'S resolution agreed to with-
out a division.
The SPEAKER then directed the officers of the
House to provide seats for Messrs. Prentiss and
"Word, which were placed for them in the centre
aisle, and those gentlemen having taken their seats,
the Speaker communicated to them the order of
the House, and informed them that they were at
liberty to address the House in relation to their
application.
Mr. HOWARD then renewed his application to
present a paper prepared by the Hon. Mr. Clai-
jjOftNE, one of the sitting members, who was con-
lined to his bed from a severe attack of illness.
Mr. BELL objected; but if the one statement
should be read, be should move to have the state-
ment of the applying members read also. How-
ever, he wished the House to determine, in the first
place, when they would take up this question with
a view to decide it. Mr. B. had prepared a resolu-
tion for the purpose.
Mr. WISE made a brief statement in relation
to the paper of the claimants, laid on the tables of
the members yesterday, which produced a reply
from Mr. Gholson, and some remarks of a most
painfully personal character passed between them.
The CHAIR interposed, and both gentlemen
having taken their seats, the question on reading
Mr. Claiborne's statement was propounded to the
House, and assented to. It was then read as fol-
lows :
MR. CLAIBORNE'S ARGUMENT.
A severe illness, which confines me to my room,
will prevent my taking part, personally, in the
discussion of the questions in which 1 am inte-
rested, growing out of the recent elections in the
¡State of Mississippi. I feel it to be proper and
necessary, therefore, to communicate, in writing,
those views which, were I able, I should, at a fit-
ting time, express on the floor of the House of Re-
presentatives. This course seems to be the more
requisite, inasmuch as my collegue, who has a
joint interest with me in the subject, is also con-
fined to his room by indisposition.
I ara fully aware of the kindness and ability of
the friends who, in my absence, will maintain my
rights; and perhaps I may only weaken the effect
Oí'their exertions in my behalf, by what I may now
say. I believe, too, that no unfair advantage of
my absence would by taken by any one member
of the House. But it is right that the views enter-
tained by me should be expressed, injustice to my-
self; so that, whatever may be the result, there may
remain some evidence that I supported, to the best
of my ability, what I conceive to be the cause of
those whose votes entitled me to a seat upon the
floor; and that there may be no ground for saying
hereafter, that, from overweening confidence, or
carelessness, or doubt, I did not avail myself of the
best opportunity of doing so that circumstances af-
forded. I am fully persuaded, too, that the gen-
tlemen who elaim the seats of my colleague and
myself, would themselves prefer that we -Should
adopt this mode of presenting our views to the
House; so that their sacaos, *ere they to succeed
even, might not, in any degree, be attributable to
our absence or our silence.
At the special  session in September last, the
House, after full investigation, decided  that my
colleague and myself were entitled to our seats for
the entire term of the 25th Congress.  The question
then settled was one of law, arising out of the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws of the
State of Misssssippi. The only facts involved were
the proclamation of the Governor of that State, and
the consequent election, by a majority of votes, of
my colleague and myself; facts wmch no one then
or since has pretended to deny, and the evidence of
which was before the Committee of Elections, and
afterwards before the House.    Although we were
the only persons claiming seats as members elect
from Mississippi, the decision made in  our case
cannot be termed an ex parta one.    An ex parte de-
cision is one  in which  the facts on one side only
are exhibited; or, all the facts being exhibited, the
argument on one side only is heard.    In the case
of my colleague and myself, our right  to qualify
was denied and put in issue, when we presented
ourselves for that purpose,  before the House was
organised.   The affirmative and negative of the
proposition were distinctly mads out, and their re-
spective supporters   in the House were arrayed
against each other.    My colleague and myself
were, in fact, placed, by the course that was pur-
sued, upon the defensive; and in the prolonged de-
bate to which the subject gave rise, the talent, in-
dustry, perseverance, and warmth manifested on
both sides, left nothing unsaid whish, by way of
argument or illustration, could be brought to bear
upon  the  questions   involved  m the  discussion.
Neither for want of facts nor of argument, there-
fore, can the decision of the House, m September
last, in  the matter of  the Mississippi election, be
called an ex parte one; but it must be considered as
agrave and solemn adjudication deliberately made
by the competent and only authority.
The question that now presents itself is, Shall
the decision, thus made, be reviewed, to the end
that it may be reversed; because, differing in opi-
nion from a majority of the House of Representa-
tives, the Governor of Mississippi, pursuing the
literal tenor of a law of that State, has ordered a
new election to fill a supposed vacancy in its re-
presentation, after the House of Representatives,
the only constitutional judge in the matter, had de-
termined that no such vacancy existed? Had the
new election not been ordered, or had the present
claimants not ippeared, it is not for a moment to
be supposed that the House of Representatives, of
its own motion, would have reversed its decision
in favor of my colleague and myself, at this or at
any other time. Is there any thing in the facts
which requires it to do so now? Has any new
fact, necessary to a correct decision, been brought
a light, which was not before the Committee of
Elections and the House in September last?
I have heard it suggested that, in September,
the credentials of my colleague and myself were not
before the committee. Now, it is well known that
the credentials of a member elect are rarely, if
ever, demanded, when he presents himself to qua-
ify; and, that, perhaps, not one-half of the members
have their credentials in their possession. All that is
necessary is satisfactory evidence of the election of
the individual. The law pointsoutno particularniode
in which tins is to be given. The House, which,
by the Constitution, is "the judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications, of its own members," is
the judge, necessarily, of the evidence of their elec-
tion, or, in other words, their credentials; and cases
have occurred in which the House, not satisfied
with the evidence of flection presented, has taken
testimony to show that the party presenting it has
received illegal votes; and therefore, although hold-
ing the ordinary credentials, was not entitled to hs
seat. The credentials of the ordinary form are,
therefore, of themselves, of no binding authority;
and if the exhibition of them would not estop an
examination into our title to our seats, the want
of them, if the House were satisfied of our election
by other means, could not defeat our title: this is
evident. The evidence «f our right to our seats,
presented in September last, was a statement from
ths Secretary of State of Mississippi, under the
great seal of office, of the votes cast in the then re-
cent (July) election. The ordinary certificate
of election, or credentials, were forwarded to
my colleague, but never received by him.
Those sent to me were received; but, per-
ceiving that they contained the limitation of
the term of service mentioned in the Gover-
nor's writ to hold the election, we applied for,
and obtained, the statement from the Secretary
of State to be used in their stead. All this was
distinctly stated by us to the Committee of Elec-
tions in September last. JNTow the only matter
which appeared in the credentials, besides ihe
election of my colleague and. nijself, was, that
we were elected for the special session only. This
is all that is pretended. Had this appeared in
the credentials only—had wc, by not presenting
the, credentials, withheld the only evidence of this
matter, tnere would be some ground for the sug-
gestion now made, that the credentials, not having
been before the committee or the House, all the
facts were not presenten; and that the case, at this
time, should be re-ope:ietl to let m a new fact.
But is this so? Why, what was the question that
so long occupied the attention of the House in
September? Did it not grow out ot the very fact,
now pretended to be a new one, that the Governor's
writ was for an election for the special session
only? Was not the only question before the
House, the question whether we were elected lor
the special session, or for the whole term of ths Con-
gress? And is it not strange that it should be
contended now, that the House was without evi-
dence of the fact, the existence of which—tho
uncontroverted truth of which—was the sole cause
oí all the protracted and excited debate to which
the Mississippi election of July gave rise? The
fact that we received a majority oí the votes then
cast, was undeniable. The fact that those votes
weio given at an election held under a writ order-
ing one for a less penod than the entire Congress,
was also undeniable; and nut of this fact grew the
only discussion that took place.
it has also been suggested that the official pro-
clamation of the Secrttary of State of Mississippi,
summing up the whole number of votes given,
was not presented by my colleague or myself to the
committee in September last. Such proclamation
was never given to us; but il it had been, and ws
had presented it, it would have only amounted to
proof, in a different lorm, of that of which othei
proof had already satisfied the committee, ami
which was not thc'ii, nor has it since been, denied
—our election by a majority of the votes cast
under a writ ordering an election for a less period
than the whole term of the Twenty-fifth Congress.
I have thus shown that there were no facts ex-
isting at the time the House decided the lights of
my colleague and myself to our seats, which were
not then known to the House; and that the matter
now suggested as new, so far from being so, is ihe
very matter that gave use to the discussions ot
September. The fact is independent oí the form
in which it is piesented: and, whether the House
was informed mat the election at which we were
chosen representative.; was held tor a shorter term
than the whole Congress, by the production of tar:
Governor's writ, the proclamation of the Secretary
of State, the exhibition ot credentials in the ordi-
nal y form, or universal admission of the fact, is
immaterial, if the House was in the possession of
the lact when it came to its decision.
It has been b.ud, however, uiat during the de-
bate upon the resolution declaimg us to be duly
clccied to the twenty-fiith Congrev , pared proofs
or statements were made to the House m rela-
tion to the election in J uly, strongly calculated to
influence the judgment of the House.
During the discussions in September last, my
colleague and myself remained silent from mo-
tive ol delicacy, except on one occasion, when, in
reply to a member ¡rom Ohio, (Mr. Mason,) who,
as wc supposed, had misstated our course and po-
sition, we declared, what we still believe, that those
who voted for us did so under the impression that
we would hold our seats dmmg the entue iwemy-
fifth Congress. We also stated in an argument
submitted by us to the Committee of Elections,
"that the election in July was conducted with great
