IÓ6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
zeal ana ardor, which was cnurely inconsistent
with the supposition that Ihe people were misled,
by the notion of the Governor into the belief that
they were only conferring a temporary appoint-
ment for two months, to be superseded by mem-
bers then to be chosen by a new election for the
residue of the vacancy. So far, too, as the press
may be considered indicative of public sentiment,
it may be safely stated that, prior to the election,
both parties assumed the ground that the Gover-
nor had the power to issue the writ; that ho had
no authority to abridge Ihe constitutional congres-
sional term; and that the members to be elected
would serve during the whole twenty-fifth Con-
gress." In addition to this, the honorable Hugh
S. Legare, of South Carolina, in his argument,
read an article written by a distinguished editor in
Mississippi, (Mann Butler, Esq.) friendly to the
election of one of the present claimants, (Mr.
Prentiss,) reiterating what he had asserted when
the Governor issued his writ—that the members
eleel would serve through the entire Congress, the
Executive having no power to abridge the consti-
tutional term.
The statements made by my colleague and
myself, by the argument submitted Jo the commit-
tee, and by Mr. Legare in his speech to the House,
were to be found in the newspapers of the day,
which spoke for themselves. What weight Ihcy
may have had on the House is not known; but it
certainly could not have affected-the decision of the
legal question, upon which alone our right to our
seats depended. That question arose upon facts
with which those here stated had nothing to do.
Has any thing occurred since the decision of th°
House in September, which can justify a review of
that decision"? That the Governor of Mississippi,
still satisfied of the correctness of the opinions en-
tertained by him when he ordered the special elec-
tion, and pursuing the literal tenor of the law of
the State, should have ordered the late election,
was to have been anticipated. The decision of the
House of Representatives, however, did not require
his conforming to it to make it binding. Ought the
fact that, at the late election, others than my col-
league and myself were chosen, to have any influ-
ence upon the present action of the House? The
House, in confirming Ihe election held in July last,
decided in anticipation that an election (the late
one) held in November would be a nullity. As it
cannot have any influence, therefore, as a legal and
competent act, any weight that it mar have with
members, must proceed from the belief that it ex-
hibits the wishes of a majority of the voters of Mis-
sissippi, and is entitled to such consideration as
would justify the House of Representatives in re-
viewing, and, if it pleases, reversing, the decision
that'has already taken place.
The doctrine that an election,legal in itself, may
be set aside, and a member duly qualified deprived
of his seat, because, after his election, a majority of
his constituents become dissatisfied with him, and
elect, at their own time and place, another, is in-
deed a novel one. The right oí ihe people to in-
struct their representatives, and the duty of the re-
presentatives to obey such instructions or resign
their seats, has long been admitted; but it is yet to
be maintained, that the House may vacate the seat
of a member because such instructions were dis-
obeyed. Were the seats of members dependent
during their terms upon the fluctuations of public
opinion after their election, the tenure would be
indeed uncertain. And yet the argument that would
give weight to the recent election in Mississippi,
merely because it was supposed to be indicative of
the present opinions and wishes of the people,
would, if carried out, lead to such conclusions. The
fact that such election was made according to the
tenor of an existing law makes no difference If the
object of the election is illegal, it matters little
whether it is authorized to be held by the Legisla-
ture or the Governor, or is the act of the people in
their primary assemblies.
I have thus attempted to show, that the decision of
the House of Representatives on the rights of my col-
league and myself, in September last, was not an
ex parte one; that it was made upon a full know-
ledge of the facts necessary to a just judgment; and
that nothing has occurred since, which can impair
its force or weaken its binding character.
I contend, therefore, that the decision in ques-
tion is final and conclusive, and a bar to all fur-
ther proceedings. Tam well aware that the terms
thus used by me are as strong as I could employ,
and, in their strict sense, might imply than any
further action of the House would be inoperative.
Such, however, is not the extent of my meaning.
In the case of a right vested in an individual, un-
der an act of the Legislature, creating a contract
between the individual and the Stats, a court of
justice will interfere, to protect him from any fur-
ther legislation impairing or taking away his
rights. There is a power in such case to restrain
the action of the Legislature within the limits of the
Constitution. In the present case, the Constitution
makes the House of Representatives the supreme
and only judge. The rights of the member, award-
ed to him by the House, may, so far as feeling, re-
putation, and honor are concerned, be far more va-
luable and important to htm than any pecuniary in-
terests that can grow up under a contract between
the State and an individual; but, while the latter is
protected by a paramount authority, the protection
of the former is to be found only in the will of the
Legislature; and, should this he capricious, varia-
ble, or unceitain, the individual experiences in his
most valued political rights all those wrongs against
which his rights to his property were effectually
guarded, when the Constitution made it the duty of
the courts of justice to protect them. It is the very
absence of any power to restrain the action of the
House of Representatives, in cases like the present
—it is the very fact that its will is the law—that
the rights which it gives to-day it may take away
to-morrow—that make consistency in its decisions
so paramount a duty. When I speak, therefore,
of the binding character of the decision of the House
in September last, and urge that decision as a bar
to the pretensions of the present claimants, I rely
upon the sense of its own dignity, its appreciation
of its own duties, even where its will is unrestrict-
ed, to make the action of the House as consistent
m regard tC the political rights of its members, as
if those rights, like the vesled rights of individuals,
were under the protection of the courts of justice.
Had the investigation which took place in Sep-
tember been imperfect, owing to any concealment
on the part of my colleague or myself—had we
suppressed facts or made misstatements—there
would be an equitable reason for the review of the
decision then made. Such was not the case, how-
ever ; and, considering that decision as final and
conclusive, I have not gone, nor shall I go, into
any argument to show that it was correct. The
questions of law involved in it were fully and ably
examined ; and I contend that, so far as my col-
league and myself are concerned, they were conclu-
sively settled.
The case of my colleague and myself does not
address itself alone to the House as a mere legal
question. It has the strongest equities on its side,
growing out of the action of the House itself. The
election in Mississippi was held in July, and we
were in Washington on the first day of the speciaK
session. On that day, and before the House of Re-
presentatives was organized, our right to our seats
was disputed ; and one of the first acts of the
House, after its organization, was to refer our
case to the Committee of Elections. This com-
mittee reported a resolution declaring us to be
duly elected, and entitled to our seats. The re-
port was presented on the 25th September, and
was finally acted upon by the House on October
3d. In the mean while, we were urging a de-
cision by all the means in our power; stating our
wish and determination, if not confirmed in our
seats, to hasten back to Mississippi, to renew the
canvass there before the election in November.
At length, when the decision of the House was
made, what was our situation? We were 1,500
miles from home. We could not accomplish the .
journey in less than twenty days, which would have
left us about fourteen days in which to canvass the
fifty-six counties of the State; counties, too,-which
had been but recently canvassed by one at least of
the present claimants, at his leisure, without oppo-
sition and with every advantage.   Had we, there-
fore, been inclined to return, after the decision of
the House, it would not have been possible to no-
tify all our friends of our arrival among therfl, be-
fore they would have been called upon to, vote.
Willing, as we might have been, to submit our pre-
tensions a second time to the people, the course
pursued by the House would have prevented us
from doing so; and had the decision been against
us, there would have been found more than one to
say, that our defeat in Mississippi, had we been de-
feated at the November election, was more to be
attributed to the tardy action of the House, than to
the fair expression of the will of our constituents.
Had the decision of the House been immediate,
upon the objection being made to our qualifying
in September, justice would have been done to us.
The delay of the journey to and from Washington
would have furnished no cause of complaint; for
we made it at our own risk, knowing the circum-
stances of tur election. But the decision was
postponed; and the time lost here, awaiting the ac-
tion of the House, was more than sufficient to ena-
ble us to conduct the canvass at home, with the
certainty of succeeding.
Not only, therefore, have we the claim upon the
House growing out of its decision in our favor,
but the strong equity, addressed to its moral sense,
growing out of the circumstances, just stated, under
which that decision was made; and we have these
claims in the absence, too, of any thing going to
show that, at the time of the decision, the House
was not in the full possession of all the necessary
facts, and assisted by all the light which the argu-
ments of talent, learning, and industry, actively
employed on both sides of the question, could af-
ford.
I have thus stated my views, supposing, for the
sake of argument, that the recent election in Mis-
sissippi is indicative of the opinions of a majority
of the voters. This, however, I by no means be-
lieve to be the case. My colleague and myself
were absent from the State. In some of the
counties all our friends voted; in many others,
they did not. The decision of the House had been
so recently made, that there was hardly time to
circulate it; and although I believe the canvass to
have been conducted in all fairness by the present
claimants, still it ¡s not pretended that the strength
of the friends of my colleague and myself was at
all tested. ' I have prepared a statement of the
votes cast at the late election, and have accompa-
nied it with such remarks as must, I think, show,
that the November election furnishes no reason for
believing, that my colleage and myself would not
have been re-elected even then, had an opportuni-
ty been afforded us of appearing before the people,
and procuring unity of action among our friends.
This statement is hereto annexed.
In conclusion, I repeat that I consider this whole
case settled and concluded, by virtue of the judg-
ment of the House; a judgment founded upon a full
knowledge of the law and the facts; a judgment
that prevented" us from entering upon a canvass
that subsequently took place, and restrained a ma-
jority of our friends from the exercise, on this occa-
sion,-of their elective franchise; a judgment which
the House had the express constitutional power to
pronounce, and which, once pronounced, cannot be
reviewed or reversed, without injustice to the par-
ties, and disparagement to its own dignity.
JOHN F. H. CLAIBORNE.
January 15, 1838.
Statement re/erred ¡o above.
The following tabular statement is based upon
a table published in the Chickasaw Union of the
14th ultimo, which is believed to be accurate. If
there be any variation between it and the returns
in the Secretary's office, it is very slight, and not in
favor of my colleague and myself This present
statement is made with a view of showing that the
people of Mississippi acquiesced in the decision of
the House of Representatives, and has been laid
before the Committee of Elections.
At the election in November, the entire
vote was         -           -           -           -27 702
For McNutt, (Democrat,)         - 12,922        '
Grimball, (Independent,)    -   4,877
Morgan, (Whig,)                -   9,903
The largest vote for Congress in July was    18,346
