Í12
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
following salaries, pei annum, to be paid quarter
yearly, at the Treasury of the United States, to
wit  the Receiver General of Public Money at New
Yoik snail be paid a salary of------dollars per
annum , the Receivu General of Public Money at
Boston shall be paid a salary of------ dolíais per
annum, the Receiver General of Public Monej at
Charleston shall be paid a salary of .------ dollars
per annum ; and the Receiver General of Public
Money at St Louis shall be paid a salary of------
dollar  per annum , and these salaries, respectively,
«hall be in full for the set vices ol the respective
officers, nor shall eithci of them be permitted to
charge, ( r íeceive, any commission, pay, or per-
quisite, foi any official seivice of an) charactei or
description whatsoever, and the making of «nj
such charge, 01 the receipt of any such conversa-
tion, is hereby declared to be a mislemeanoi, lor
which the officer coimcted therecl, before any
court of the United Slates oí competent jurisdic-
tion, slnll be subjeet to punishment by fine, or lm-
pusonmeni, or both, at the discretion of the court
before which the offence shall be tried.
Sfc 27 And be \tfurthei enacted, That Ihe Trea-
surer of the United Stites be and he is heieby au-
thored to receive at the Treasury, and at such
o'hei pom s as lie n .yde-, mite, payments in ad-
\ance foi pu K lam. s, Uk. payments so made, in
all cases, tu be e\ ideiiced by the receipt of the said
Treasurer of the United States, which receipt so
given shall be cuirent at the se\ etal i wd el íes of
the United States as cash, at any public or private
sale of lands, in the same mannei a  the cuneacy
authorized by law to be leccived in pajment foi
the public lands.
Str. 2b. And be it fmike) enacted, That foi the
purchase of site ^ and ioi the construction ol the
offices of the Receivers General of Public Money,
by this act duected to be elected at Charleston, South
Carolina, and at Sr. Louis, Missouu, theie shall
be. and herebj i- appropriated, to be paid out of
any money in  theTieasury not otherwise appio-
pnated, the sun ei $------, to  be expended   unilci
thG direction oí the Secietary of the Treasury, who
isheieb} requned to adopt plans lor the said offi-
ces, and the vaul s and sales connected therewith,
and to cau^e the same to be constructed and prc-
paied for use with as little delay as shall be con-
sistent with the public mteusts, and the convenient
location and security of tin. building' to be cre< ted
Rrr 29 And be it fm the? enacted That ioi tne
payment of t e expenses authcu/ed by tms act,
othei than those beicin bt fore provided for, a s iffi-
cient sum of money be, and the sainéis henby,
appiopnated, to be paid out of any monev m the
Treasury not otherwise appropi«ted,
Mr. WRIGHT moved that the bill be made ¡ha
special order oí the day (or this day week.
Mr. CLAY oí Kentucky expressed a wish f"i a
longer day than the one nam°d by the Senator f o,n
New York. This -was an imponant subjeet, pub-
lic expectation was \ery higu on it, ind he m.d r-
stood indirectly that the details of the bill i  re
numerous, and he thought they ought not to hutry
the consideration oí a measure ot su<Ji momen'ons
censequences. lie hoped the chairman d *he
coiiimitte v ould see the propnely cl fivmg ( i a
da) foi me special oidci inoie distant than th ne
iie had u<imtd.
Mi. WEBSTER was desirous of having as
much dela} as was consistent with the views oí the
Senat , and tht chairman of the Committee on fi-
nance. This was ctrtainlj one o( the most im-
portant measures that wouid be likvly to em-mate
irom CtiiRress this sess on He was desire us,
tíiPieíoie tint the b 11 should be a^ genei„lly un-
derstood as possible m all its b d>)ivs , and would
i love t! tt Ititeen hund sd addition il copies be
pi mted
Mr. "W riGH f said that, in w mn g the met on,
he was onlj acting under the instructions of the
committee. The ¡sena o could make what dispr si-
tion it thought pioper of the bill, lie was tft Ioi
pressing it.
Mr. CALHOUN opposed the dela '.   The <• tb-
ject, he said, was not new, it had been fully   ¡>s-
cussed at the last session, and evei„ member had
made up his m nd on it.
The Question was then taken, and the bilí was
made the special order for this day two weeks i
ayes 32
On motion of Mr WEBSTER, fifteen hundred
extra copies of the bilí were ordered to be printed.
Mr. GRUNDY, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported, without amendment, the bill
altering the teims for holding the circuit pnd dis-
trict courts for the -astern district of Virginia.
Mr SEVIER, fiom the Committee on Indian
Affairs made a report on the memorial of Arkan-
sas, in relation to the Osage Indians.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
reported unfavorably on the bill from the House
tor the relief of Freeman Bradj, and favorably
and without amendment on the bills from the
House foi the relief of Dr. David H. Campbell and
Dr. James Heron.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill authorizing the sale of cer-
tain real estate, belonging to the United States, at
Bath, Mame, and appropriating the proceeds of
sale to the building of a custom house at that place
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SMITH, of Connecticut, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for
the relief of Moses Van Campbell, which wasiead
and ordered to a second readiu;
Mr SMITH, of Connecticut, fiom !' e «¡inn
committee, íeported adversely on the petition of
Thomas Curtis
Mi. ROANE, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, reported a bill for the establishment
of a caminal court in the District of Columbia;
which was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRESTON, on leave, introduced a hill for
the relief of Doctor Thomas Cooper; which was
read and ordered to a second reading
Mr SEVIER submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted
Resolved, That the Secreta, y of War be directed
to communicate to the Senate all the papers  of
------Duval, a Cherokee, now on file in the office
of Indian Affairs, together with his opinion as to
the liability of the United States for the depreda-
tions alleged to have been committed upon his
property
Mr. HUBBARD submitted tht following íesolu-
tion, which was considered and adopted
Resolved, That the Piesident of the Senate be
authouzed to appoint an additional member on the
Committee on Claims, to -em- dining the piesent
session , and that the rules oí the Senate limiting
the number of that committee to fhe be dispensed
with, for the purpose above stated
Mr BUCHANAN ram ed to take up the bill in
addition to the act for the prevention and punish-
ment of certain cuines against the United Stales,
reported by him yesterday, and urged the speedy
action of the Senate on it.
This motion  was not cairted, a quorum not
v otmg.
On motion of Mr LINN,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
WmM^DA}, Januaiy 17, 1838
The CJTAI", on leave, presented set eral Execu-
tive communications
J rrooi th" fres dent ot the United Stales,
transmitting a ltport from the Diuctoi of the Mi it,
sho'ving the opeiations of ihit institution during
the year 1837, a^ also the progress towards com-
pletion of the branch minis in Ninth Carolina,
Georgia, and at New Orleans, whiJi, on motion
of Mr CAMBRELENG, was laul on the table
2 A communication f o n the Secretary oí the
Navy, transmitting the amount or postages pa d bi
that Department per Evpress mnd
On motion of Mr BRÍGGS Wen ><( to the f'nn>
mittee on the Post Othce an 1 TVi Rrids
2. Prom the Secretaiy ot the Treasury, tians
milting a repoitm relation to the defalcations of
colloctors, receivers, and public depositories, of the
puhlic money
On motion of Mr. BRONSON, laid on the table,
and 5,000 extra copies oidered to be minted.
4 Prom the Postmaster General,* showing the
amount of money received from the postages of
letters and papers by Express «jail.
On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY, referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
5 From the same, transmitting the amount of
postages collected by that Department on newspa-
pers and pamphlets for the six months preceding
the 30th of June, 1837
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, referred to the same
committee as the foregoing.
6.  Prom the same officer, transmitting the esti-
mates required on the general account of that de-
partment ending the first day of July next.
On motion oí Mr. HAYNES, referred to the
Commute of Ways and Means.
7.  The annual report of the Superintendent of
the Patent Office.
On motion of Mr. GRENNEL, laid on the
table.
Mr. LAWLER, on leave, presente 1 certain joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Alabama, em-
bracing a proposition for the establishment of a
pension agency in that State; which, on motion,
was referred to a select committee of three.
On motion of Mr. MERCER, the bill from the
Senate, making an appropriation for the removal
of the great raft on Red river was taken up, read
twice, and on motion of CAMBRELENG com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (a bill embracing the same object,
being already reported by the House, and now be-
fore that committee.)
The SPEAKER communicated a letter from the
Hon Johk C. Clark, of New York, stating that
the condition of his health was sach that he -was
unable to attend to his duties on the Committee of
Claims, and asking to be excused from further at-
tendance thereon; which was agreed to, and the
vacancy directed to be supplied
Mr. HOWARD, on leave, and by request, as 'ie
stated, of the chairman thereof, submitted an ord' r
to allow the select committee on the memorial of
the Sergeant-at-arms to sit during the sessions of
the House, which was agreed to.
The first business in older was the considera-
tion of the following íesolution, submitted tester-
day by Mr. MERCER
Resolved, That Messrs. Gholson and Wise
member  of this House, between whom warm
words have parsed m debate, be required by the
Speaker to decíale m their places, that they will
not prosecute faither the quarrel which has arisen
this day between them.
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
GLASCOCK to postpone the resolution mdefi-
mtely
Mr. PATTON said that he had voted against
laj mg the resolution on the table yesterday but
he was now satisfied that no benefit would result
from further discusión, and he therefore moved
to lay it on the table.
Mr MERCER cahed for the yeas and nays
wh ch were ordered, and were, jeas 12C, nays U.
So the resolution was laid on the table,
roii wiTTm op wavs and mbaxs.
On motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union
were discharged fiom the further consideiation of
the "bill malut.g an appropriation for the suppres-
sion of Indian hosti'ilies," and Mr C reported
back an amended bill.
M. HAYNES reported a bill to provide foi the
support of the Military Academy for the vear Í338.
Mr. SMITH reported a bill to secure the pay-
ment of cerfun provisions on duty bonds connect-
ed wuh the customs.
f¥rKSnha\in? hneñy "P'M'-ed the provisions
oí the bill, and the necessity oí its immediate nns-
sige.u wascrdeicd tobe ensrio«sed Or a tWd
ii  di'ig to-mo'ion.
s.,   t/^U"ITrc 0N' rHB PLBr lc la,-ds.
Mi BOON reported Senate bill, without amend-
ing , entitled an act authorizing the States to tax
any lands within their limit  sold by the United
thfwC.hlCh *a& committed to a Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
, r     m    COMMITTEE ON THE JDDICIlRV.
Mr TOUCEYrepoited a bill for the relief of
Daniel Ward and George Pittman
Mr. GARLAND of Vxrgima reported a bdl re-
quiring the holding of semt-armuai terms of £
