116
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to demand an immediate action upon this all-
imporiant measure; and although its. importance
has been admitted, yet the Senator, by himself and
friends, has put this subject beyond the power of
the Senate for two weeks to come. lie regretted
this ; and he could not but hope that some Senator
who voted with the majority would move this
morning for the leconsideration of the vote post-
poning that bill. He wished for its immediate
consideration He desired to have it taken up,
examined, debated, and disposed of, without delay.
Recent events called loudly upon the Senate for
action. The very occurrence in the city of Boston
which has induced the resolution now before the
Senate, demands from this body the earliest possi-
ble consideration of the measure reported jesteiday
irom the Committee on Finance.
He lookad forward with deep solicitude for the
adoption of that measure. He was certain that all
were ready to admit that the time had come when
all connection between the Government and the
local banks should be dissolved. That any man
who will look abroad and see for h'mself, that any
man who will faithfully realize the consequences
—the disastrous consequences—which have result-'
ed, and which are -daily resulting, irom that con-
nection, must admit that the honor of the Govern-
ment, the prosperity and peace of the community,
and the best interests ot the local banks, al
demaiwl a divorce, a permanent, a lasting, separa-
tion between them and the Government.
The gentleman from Massachusetts had, on a
former occasion, and had, on this occasion, seen
fit to allude to the manner in which the Executive
had execu'ed tht Treaty note law oí the last
session , and lit asked, with his usual confidence,
whether there w as any member of the Senate who
was prepared to justiiy the course of the Executive
under that act. He said he had heard of but one
individual who had approved the course. The
gentleman from Massachusefs said that he be-
lieved mat the spirit of that act had been peiverted,
if not rts letter violated.
He had on the former occasion, by a resolution,
called on the Secretary of the Treasury for infor-
mation. He had received an answer to that call,
it wah in the possession of the Senate; and, for
one, he hesitated not to declare, in the most une-
quivocal manner, that the ¡aw had been executed,
and faithfully executed, according to its ltttei and
its spirit. Was that act designed to give authority
to the Executive to borrow ten millions of dollars?
Was such the conclusion of the committee who
leported the bill? Was such the debate on this
floor? He denied the fact. The bill was intended
to be, what it pui ports to be, a bill for the accom-
modation a.id convenience of ths Tieasuiry De-
pai'nent—a bill to enable ihe head of that depart-
ment to tail/ on the fiscal operations oí the Go-
vernment \iKhcul embarrassment. The funds,
the whole pecuniary means, ot the Government,
1 y one universal and sad catastrophe, had been
put beyond the immediate control of the Treasury
Department This was then a mere temporary
measuie—a relief bill, and wh«t are the terms ot
this, bill2 Thdt the President is to cause Treasuiy
notes to be issued to an amount net exceeding ten
millions of dolíais, and not of a less denomination
than fifty dollars , that they were to be redeemed
alter ths expiration of one year, and weie to bear
no mteiest aiter the expiration of said year. The
rate of interest is to be expressed upon the face of
the note. The bill provides that Ihe rate oí inte
íest upon each several issue of notes shall be fixed
by the Secretary of the Treasury, with the approba-
tion of the President, but the rate of interest shall
in no case exceed six per centum per annum.
Language could not make this matter more
plain, it seemed to him that there ls no room for
cavil The notes are not to draw interest after the
expiration of one year; and the rate of interest is
to be fixed by whom? By the Secretary of the Trea-
sury It is not prescribed by the act itself, the
only limitation is, that ihe rate shall not exeeedsix
ppr c eutnm per annum. Beyond that the Secreta-
ry has no power to go, but up to this point the rate
of interest is committed to the discretion of that
I officer, wilhthe approbation of the President. The
I Senator admits the authority to fix the rate at six
per cent. Whence is that authority derived?
From the actitsell: ana by the same act the Secre-
tary can fix any less rate of mteiest, according to
his discretion If he has power, which none can
deny, to fix the rate at six, he has equally the right
to fix it at two The Secretary is at perfect liberty
to act, with reference to this whole matter, as his
own good sense and sound discretion should dic-
tate. He might find one portion of the community
leady to part wnh their gold and take notes bearing
an interest of ten per cent., he might find ariolher
class willing to receive them at a less rate of inte-
rest; he night find others requiring a higher rate
of interest, he might find a class of public creditors
who would receive these notes at one mill inte-
rest The Secretary had only one Jimit; he could
not fix the rate at over six per centum per annum.
The rest was entnely and most pioperly left to his
discretion, to be exercised as eireumstances should
require.
And is there a Spnator on this floor prepared to
say, that ii he had applied to the Secretary, and
said that he would part with his gold for Treasury
note* at one per centum per annum, that the Se-
cretary could not, consistent with that discretion
with which he was invested by the act, accept the
offer? The Secretary either had or had not the power
to regulate the interest according to his own discre-
tion. And this matter must be determined by ihe
inspection of the law itself. To the law then
he would appeal, and to the terms ot that act of
Congress he would submit. But if there is any
thing cleat in legislation, free from all ambiguity
and doubt on this subject, it is to be found m that
actot Congress of the last session, giving authority
foi the issue of Treasury notes.
If the act does not speak the language which the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts intended it should,
or supposed it did, the Secretary cannot be
blamed. If the act was designed merely to give
authority to the President to bonow money, why
was not the act in terms so drawn' If it was in-
tended that Treasury notes should be issued, only
at such a rate oí interest as would enable the Go-
vernment to go into the market and convert them
at once into specie, why was the purpose of the
act kept out of view? Why was not its intent
fully declared? If such had been the exclusive
object of the law, it would have been necessary
at the tune to have fixed the maximum of in-
terest at a much higher rate than sit percent
These were not the exclusive objects of the bill
The Secretary might find it neeessary to make an
issue of Treasuiy notes to supply himself with gold
and silver ioi the public use. He might make an
issue of these notes to satisfy the public creditors.
He was bound to receive them back for all public
dues; and whether issued for one purpose or ano-
ther, the rate of interest was mattei for Executive
regulation, and expressly committed to Executive
discretion. Theie was but one limitation to the
exercise of that discretion, and that has already
been stated. He had not only thoroughly examined
the act ol ihe last session, but he had carefully pe-
rused the remarks of the honorable Senator made
to the Senate a few daj s past in relation to this
matter, and he had brought his mind to the conclu-
sion that the Executive had, m the execution of
that act, not only complied with its provisions in
letter and in spirit, but had also, in its execution,
faithfully and honestly regarded the best interests
of the country. He was not one of those to com-
plain of the Executive for not having issued these
Trwasary notes at a rate of six pel cent, when all
the purposes of the Government could be as well
attained by fixing the rate at one or two per cent.
The gentleman from Massachusetts may con-
demn this act of the Executive, he may find others
to agree with him; he may think that the law has^
been wholly perverted, and its purposes unaccom-
plished. All that he had to say was, that if such
were the opinions of the Senator, he wholly differed
from htm in sentiment. In the execution of this
act, the Executive has done his duty, and his whole
duty. He had looked upon the resolution which
the Senator had offeied the other day—and he
looked upon this resolution just presented by the
Senator—as a thrust at the head of the Treasury
Department.   That officer did not seem to enjoy
the confidence of the Senater. As the friend of the
Secretary, he could not desire a more perfect pro-
tection from the attack made upon his public con-
duct, than was afforded him from the implied
charge involved an the resolution presented by the
Senator, with-reference to the manner of exeeuting
the Treasury note law of the last session.'
With reference to the last branch of the resolu-
tion, he would remark, that he was perfectly sure
that the Secretary of the Treasury has not made
any deposite of the public funds smce May last, in
any ot the selected*banks whieh had refused
to redeem its bills with specie. There may be,
and there probably was, in deposite in the Com-
monwealth Bank some portion of the public mo-
ney, but the Secretary of the Treasury could not
have so disregarded his public duty as to h$ve
made such a deposite since the suspension of specie
payment. If any of the public funds were now in
that bank, they must have arisen from transfer
drafts, drawn in favor of that bank previous to
May last, and « hich draftsmay have been answered
since; he had from some quarter been Informed
that by the shipment of cotton to the North, such a
transfer draft had been complied with by one of the
southern banks, and its amount had been placed to
the creditot the Government in the Commonwealth
Bank. He therefore stated, that if there were any
portion of the public money now in deposite m the
Common wealth. Bank, it had occurred in the way
and manner he had stated; for the fact was known
to him, and he presumed, to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, that the necessities of the Government
had induced the Treasury Department to draw very
closely upon the northern deposite banks; and m
the course of the summer and autumn, by reason of
the failure of the southern and southwestern banks
to answer the Treasury drafts, that almost every
dollar of the public money in the deposite banks,
in New England, had been drawn for. He
was, therefore, well satisfied that the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury would be found to be in
ho way blameable for the money which may
now be m deposite in the Commonwealth Bank.
But he trusted that m case there was a portion of
the public money now in deposite in that bank,
■ the bond which the Secretary of the Treasury had
required, and which he had taken, would be iound
to be fully adequate for the protection oí the Go-
vernment against any ultimate loss.
Mr NILES did not rise to prolong a debate, so
unnecessarily commenced* He was not opposed
to the inquiry sought by the resolution, but was
i aiher m favor of it He presumed the object of
the mover was to obtain information, to be laid be-
fore this bodj, in relation to the great financial
operations of the Government; and he also pre-
sumed that the gentleman was looking at higher
game; that his object was to get at the connections
oí this Government with the deposite banks That
(said Mr. N.) is also my object; and whether these
banks were in the hands of one party or the other,
was entirely another question. Let us (said Mr.
N ) have the whole fruits of this system before us,
the bitter as well as the sweet. For this puipose,
and not to oppose or retard the inquiry, but ta get
all the information necessary for the guidance of
the Senate before them, he submitted the following
amendment-
'• And that he further report to the Senate whe-
ther ihe late Bank of the United States has yet
paid, or accounted with the Government, the sum
of one hundred and sixty thousand dollars, fraudu-
lently detained, on the pretence of a claim of dama-
ges for the non-payment of the draft drawn on the
French Government, and also to report what loss
the United States have sustained by depositing the
public revenues in banks, or by receiving the notes
of banks which have failed, or their bills become
depreciated "
Mr. WEBSTER said the latter part of this addi-
tional call would require a great deal of time, and
if it was insisted on, he hoped the member would
agree to offer it as a separate resolution, and not
delay an answer to his (Mr. W's) call, which it
was desirable to have immediately, by attaching
this amendment to it.
Mr. NILES then modified his amendment, so
as to require the answer on the first branch of the
