CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             11?
inquiry immediately, and on the latter part as soon
as possible.
Mr. BAYARD objected to the word- "frau-
dulent" in the first part of the amendment
It was true the bank detained the money, but they
claimed it, and were ready to abide a legal abjudi-
cation. He hoped the Senate • would not attempt
to characterize the transaction by the term.
That matter should be decided on by another tri-
bunal.       '                                  ,
Mr. NILES replied,   that   as.' the -gentleman -
seemed very sensitive in relation ^to that bank, he
 /ould substitute the word unjustly for fraudulently,
hough he believed the transaction both fraudulent
ind unjust.
Mr., BAYARD said .there was the same
ibjection to the word unjustly as to fraudulently.
Why express any opinion? He disclaimed atiy
sentiveness about the bank, but was averse to the
Senate expressing an opinion in this matter. Mr.
B. then moved to strike out unjustly.
Mr. STRANGE said that, had the Senator from
Massachusetts (Mr. Webster) introduced his reso-
lution unaccompanied by any remarks, he would
have cheerfully, voted for it, and  opposed   the
amendment.offered by the Senator from Connecti-
cut, (Mr. Niles,) as  welt as every other amend-
ment calculated to embarrass'the Original resolu-
tion.   The Senator from Massachusetts had pro-
fesssd a great unwillingness, and indeed a deter-
mined purpose, not to anticipate the debate upon
the most important measure likely  to .engage the
attention of Congress at its present session.  I leave
motives, said Mr. S. -to the great Searcher of
Hearts ; but of the conduct of men, which is imme-
diately before me. I  have a right to judge, and
to speak  of its tendency.   The resolution of the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes an  inquiry,
" and yet, in anticipation of the answer to his in-
quiry, he furnishes us with tx parte statements of
facts, upon which he makes his own comments,
answering in advance the very inquiry which he
makes..   Now, I might appeal to the Senator him-
self whether, whatever may be his motives, he
does not believe the facts he has disclosed, and the
comments he has made upon them, are calculated
to make an impression upon   the  public mind
affecting the great question which has been for
s>rr.é months before the country?   The answer, 1
know, must be affirmative; and 1, for one, can not
consent that  these facts and comments should go
forth unaccompanied by comments from another
quarter.    Kvery one knows that the Senator from
Massachusetts'^ in favor of a United States Bank;
that he is opposed to the present Administration,
and "both to the Sub-Treasury system, as it is called,
and the-system of deposites with the State banks;
and he doubtless supposes that the facts he has dis-
closed have   a tendency to convince  the country
of the necessity of a United States Bank.    Now,
sir, believing, as I do, that they lead to a very dif-
ferent conclusion, (admitting the facts slated to be
true, and I am not now disposed to question them)
I feel it my lUity to say so.
I must, however, in the first place, endeavor to
show that the charge of illegal conduct so suddenly
brought against the Collector of the port of Boston,
and which the Senator from Massachusetts seems
to think he has triumphantly made out, is altogether
groundless. Allowing the fact assumed by the Se-
nator from Massachusetts, that the Collector had
paid out to Government creditors the notes of the
Commonwealth Bank ol Boston, to be true, I must
admit the conduct of the Collector to be in collision
with the act of 14th April, 1836; but the proof
adduced by the .Senator from Massachusetts does
not support the existence of that fact. Now,
sir, I have no information upon the subject ex-
cept thai derived from the letter read by the gen-
tleman himself;, and it is plain, that although
both the g-entlernan himself and his correspondent
have jumped to the conclusion, that the collector of
the port of Boston had paid out Commonwealth
Bank notes to Government creditors, the fact is
otherwise. The Collector it is true has given
checks upon the Commonwealth Bank, but has
not paid out a.dollar of its notes; and the two
things are, in, my judgment, altogether different.
The act of April, 1836, prohibits the disbursing of-
ficers   of the Government from  paying out the
notes of any bank  which are not equivalent to
s'peeie.     The  payment oí the notes of the Com-
monwealth Bank to a public creditor, would be a
violation of this act.     But the Collector has not
paid out the notes of the Commonwealth Bank,
and therefore has not in that respect violated the
law.    But he has given checks on the Common-
wealth Bank.    True, and where is the law prohi-
biting his doing so?    On the contrary, is he not in
so doing,-acting in direct conformity with the law?
Your deposite act requires all public officers to de-
posite the public moneys with-State banks to be se-
lected.    The Commonwealth Bank was  one of
those selected, and consequently it was the duty of
the Collector to make his deposites there.    Being
made, what was to become of them? When a pub-
lic creditor applies for his money, what can the dis-
bursing officer do, but give him a check upon thede-
positebank? Thischeck, whenpresentwd, isredeema-
ble in specie ; and when so presented, and not re-   !
deemed, who is to blame, the officer or the bank ?
ff the creditor, who has a right to make his own
arrangements with the bank, chooses, rather than
protest the check and look to the Government for
indemnity, to take the bank's own notes in pay-
ment, of whom has he a right to complain ? not of
the Government surely or its officers.    I have thus
noticed as briefly as possible this charge of illeaal
conduct against the'officer.    A  few word* now
upon the main subject.    The Senator from Massa- -
chusetts says there should be one common medium
for the payment of  all  public creditors from the
highest to the lowest—from Maine to Florida.    In
this I fully agree with him.   The Senator doubles
thinks that a United States Bank only can furnish
this common medium,  and to this conclusion he
wishes the public mind to come.    In ihis I do not
agree wiih him.    Gold and silver, in my opinion,
are the only things which, by the laws of nature,
e/m be this common and immutable medium.    I
admit the argument is so far m favor of a United
States Bank, as its notes will approximate dm
great standard more nearly than the note , of local
banks.   But the argument does not slop there; it
leads us irresistibly past a United States Bank to that
standard sanctioned by nature, time, and universal
usage,bywhiehallvalucsmustbe tested,the precious
metals.   Upoft this broad foundation the Sub-Trea-
sury is basedf supported as it is by the facts, ad-
missions and comments, just furnished by  the Se-
nator from Massachusetts.   A sort of dialogue has
taken place betwee.n the Senator from M issachn-
setts ami the Senator from Delaware (Mr. Bayard)
in which it has been brought out that [he officers of
the Government, or some of ihem, are  in  some
way connected  with  the  Commonwealth - Bank,
either as stockholders, or officers, or  both.     For
what purpose these things have been thus dramati-
cally brought forward every one   must jurige for
himself;    but   if   these    things   be so, they  fur-
nish   a   strong    argument   for    a   dissolution   of
all   connection   between   the    Government   anil
the banks.      As has been said  by  the  Senator
from Connecticut, human nature is human nature,
and banks are banks.    As long as  the public effi-
cers may be connected with banks—-and. these is
no law prohibiting their being so—it is natural that
they should  think most favorably,  and  he  most
anxious for the prosperity, of the banks with which
they are so connected, and thus a most subtle and
corrupting appeal is made to their hearts to mould
their official conduc: conformably to the b-.'st inte-
rests of those banks.    The Sub-Treasury- system
cuts us off from this source of corruption, and thus
improves our political condition.    Having thus
shown, as he conceived, that two strong arguments
were furnished by the facts disclosed by the" Senator
from Massachusetts in favor of the  Sub-Treasury
system, and that the public officer at Bottoa, so far
as yet appeared, had not transgressed the law, he
would not longer detain the Senate.
Mr. WEBSTER, with a view to prevent further
debate, read the whole of the lettn from which he
had chiefly derived the facts which he had stated.
Mr. W. also repelled the imputation of having any
indirect object « hatever in view.
I Mr. STRANGE rejoined that this was no per-
sonal affair between, him and the Senator from
Massachusetts, but" a matter of great publ'C con-
cern. He had been anxious, therefore, that the
present transaction might go before the country in
its true light. The effect of the Senator's remarks,
whatever might be his object, was to impugn the
conduct of the collector of the port of Boston, and
to show that nothing could save us from dishonesty
in our fiscal dealings, and corruption in the admi-
nistration of our revenue, but the establishment of a
U. S: Bank. Believing that the charge against the
officer was groundless he (Mr. S.) had offered a
few words in his vindication, showing that pay-
ment in the notes of a bank, and giving checks
thereon, had been improperly confounded; that
while one was illegal and the other not, the
officer had dons that only which was legal; that
if the creditor had received any notes in payment
of the check, it was a voluntary arrangement be-
tween him and the bank. In farther illustration of
which, he would refer to the practice which had
been adopted from the necessities of the Government,
produced by the infidelity of the banks, of issuing
warrants, which being protested, were put forth in
lieu of other modes of payment. The public
officers having no mode of paym-nt but checks
op the deposite banks were not only justifi-
ed, but would have been guilty of a breach of
duly, had they hesitated in giving these checks,
and when given, it was for the creditor either to
receive payment from the banks in what they
might offer, or protest them, and look to the Go-
vernment. Upon the other branch of the subject,
Mr. S. had endeavored to^show that the facts dis-
closed by the Senator from Massachusetts, instead
of proving the necessity of a United States Ban!:,
showed fully ihat nothing could render us just ;us
debtors, and free us from corruption in our fisciil
administration, but a total disconnection with all
banks, and the receipt and disbursement of our re-
venue in gold and silver.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama had no objection to the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts. It
was one of inquiry merely, purporting to inquire
into the conduct of certain public officers—the col-
lector of the port of Boston, and perhaps the Se-
cretary of the Treasury. To this inquiry not a
single member of the Senate had offered, or would
have offered, the slightest objection ; it would have
passed without-debate, had not the Senatoi himself
«nought proper to accompany its presentation with
remarks, in his opinion, altogether'premature and
unnecessary. He (Mr. C.) was as ready as any
man, when facts were adduced, to pass censure on
the conduct of public men ; but his object in
rising was to protest against the course taken by
the Senator from Massachusetts, passing cen-
sure on public officers by means of inferences
drawn from facts not yet established. He protested
against implicating the conduct of public men on a
mere inquiry to elicit facts, and he protested
against any man rising in his place and endorsing
(x parte statements in the letters of his correspon-
dents or in newspapers. In all conscience (Mr. C.
said) the newspapers are licentious enough, and
he hoped that this licentiousness was not to he
transferred to this body.- He need not say whether
the .individuals thus unnecessarily implicated were
guilty or innocent, but justice required that their
guilt or innocence should not be pronounced oa tilt
the facs of the case were brought out. Tins was
not only in accordance with the principles of con-
stitutional law, hut with the immutable princi-
ples of eternal justice. He had s.aid that there
would have been no objection to the immediate adop-
tion of the resolution without debate or amendment,
had not the Senator from Massachusetts himself
accompanied it by remarks calculated to implicate
public officers in advance. As it was his wish that
all the facts should be brought out, he would vote
for the resolution, and also for the amendment; but
he could not, by silence, give his sanction to impli-
cations thus cast on individuals before they were
heard in their defence. ' Would it be contended
that it was either immoral or illegal to pay that
kind of money to a man which he is willing to re-
ceive? If so, Mr. C. said it must be founded on a
system of ethics, and principles of law, entirely
new to him. Till he saw some authority to sustain
the position, he could not assent to its soundness,
