122
with an   amendment,   for  the relief  of  James
McCrory.
Also, Senate hill for the íelief of the heirs of Dr
John Ramsey, deceased, \t th an mien inei •
Also, Smiate bi'l tor the relief oí the hars of
Frederick Seigle, with an amendment
MILITARY A1PAIRS
Mr COLES reported a bill to carry into cfT ct
the resolutions of the Continental Congress, for
erecting monuments to the memory of ceitun Ge-
neral officers of the Revolution, and foi erecting a
marble column at Yorktown, in Vugima
FOREIGN AFF IIRS
Mr HOWARD reported a bill to pro\ ide for tne
satisfaction of the claims due to ccnam American
citizens for spoliations committed on their com-
merce prim to the 32st of July, 1801—(the Fiench
spoliation claim )
Mi H moved the punting of two thousand ei.-
tra copies of the repoit
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked, that when tins
subject was under the consideration oí the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affaiis two or three years ago,
two statements were prepared, one in favor of the
claim and the other against it, and Mr C suggested
that both these statements be printed
Mr HOWARD replied that they were included
in the documents accempanyimj die piesent íepoit,
as were all the ripo,Is made on Jennie  oteas,or s
Mr CUSIIÍNG «-emaiiceu ll<u h-* subject of
this report interested a laige numuu of persons,
and as it was not Ion"-, he would ask for us ieid-
wg, which was orden d
The bill having been twice, \\?s committed to a
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and two thousand extra copies of me report anti
documents ordered to be punted
Mr CUSIIING called up the resolution lcpoit-
ed by him on the 12th mst ¡rom the Committee on
Foreign Affaus, requeuing the President of the
United States to consider the propriety of entering
into negotiations with the court of Denmark, for
the purpose of obtaining Iheiefrom a just and equit-
able indemnification for the value of two pn/es
taken by Com Paul Tones
[As explained by Mr HOWARD, these were
two British vessels ciptmed by Com J< nes, in
1797, taken to Denmaik, and leleased by ihe Da-
ir h Government on the application of the, British,
Mmistei, on the ground that the United S* Ues
were not tl 'n an independent Government ]
Mr TALIAIVRRO Misled 'h. subject pi t-
poned liil to mciriw, tc enab'e him to pi-epvc ?
more definite ir-eoosition for the recoven of 'is
claim, the ju'tico ri «Inch had once been admitted
by thi Government of Denmark, and a sum of
money tendered, bu' refused He «is oppo ed to
leav mg it to thi disTt tion of my bodj, h it sug-
gested a modification requesting the Prtsdcit o
cause to be carried out the reso'ution of tne Conti-
nental Congicss on the subjte-t, by eipem ig an im-
mediate nege 'lation therefor.
Mi CUSHÍNG replied in sepp r| of the resolu-
tisn, and in opposition to tne pio^ostd modi u i-
tion. He confer dec! that the Continent il Coiwss
from which en anaud fie fi st i-^o'utions on t ->
subject, v,as an Executive f'orgios, ur 'e^ tne
present Congicss va-ioi, tieretoie, it wou'd oe
improper to • ^-odrpt these íesoluüons, beciuse the
present Congiess possesseu no powers to compel, ¡
any action on th" pait Oi u c Pres'dent, but cc 11
only m?ke suggestions ?nd recommene'ations Mi
C recapitulated the iacis of the case, and ex-
pla.r d 'h it the Government of Demmik had
gnen up t íe pi/eo to the Bruisii, on theg'iunl
that they bad been t ilo-n puln I , in 1 dial le
thir'een colimes of Atiiviici ve c /a -^kVl of n.-
bell < i! a* iiie i ¿Ar
f'<■ C s r maiks were aire' ed by the exp i, i u
of the menu g hour
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION
The House resumed the r port ef the Gomn t-
tee of Elections, u i¡h í¡ e  mo ion of Mi   B    ss^N;
and the °m<>ndmeni p opnstd by J fi  Bur
Mr FOSTER resnirec' his r-r ~rk! from ye u r
day, and spoke at g eat lerg a in reply to Mr
Prentiss, «nd, after speal mg fji upwards o!
two hours, gave nay to Mi DV GR\FF, en
Whose motion, the House aeljourneel
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
„      ,                                   ,   <«—i.
HOUSE! OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, Jan 22, 1838
CHEROKEE MEMORIAL.
Mr EVERETT moved that the House take up
the memorial of a Delegition of the Cherokee na-
tion, remonstrating against the tieaty of New Eeho-
11 of December, 18354 presented by him on Mon-
day last, and lying over.
Mr E explained that he did not desire to debate
it, but meiely to move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
Mr OWENS objected to the memorial being ta-
ken up, and called for the yeas and nays on the
molió i, which w ere ordered
Mr CAMBKELENG niqmied whether it would
not be in ordet for the gentleman to submit his mo-
tion when the State of "Vermont should be called
foi petitions?
The CHAIR replied that it was equally in order
now
Mr CAMBRELENG inquired further whether
the memoiial would not come up as a matler of
corose when that State vas called, having been
presented by a gentleman thcrefiom?
The CHAIR íeplied that it would not undei the
nc w i uks
Tne House determined to consuler the ineenona!—
j eas 8b, nays 8J
Mi EVERETT then i uned to refei the memo
nil to Me Committee en Indian Affairs, with m-
sliut tu ns " to r< port the f lets m the case "
Mi. IIAYNES moved to lay the whole subject
0 r the table.
Mr EVERETT called for the yeas and nays on
that motion, which were ordeied
Mi. WISE inquired if it would be in oreler to
call fen the leading of the memorial
The CHAIR replied that it would not, on a mo-
lion tc lay on the table
Mr. WISE wished to know how the House
could vote underslandiiigly on a subject it had
never heard read'
The CHAIR said the question had been so de-
cided by his predecessor, and assented to by the
House
Mr OWENS mfi iiaeel fhe gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia that the memorial, and all the accompanying
pipers, had been printed under the order oí the
House, and laid on the tables of tne members
The motion to lay on the table was decideei in
the negative— yeas l)'J, nijs 94, as follows
\EaS- Mis is \n b w Mb iron licit Hume Biek
mil, Bit '1 lt> i, i'1 tin JI oil al, iimyn, iiucli man,
H un ( imbukii" íiiiiihj t I ai i, ( a-, j ( icnimn,
(jl j I Il< Cu Ci i v Cu man, !)e O, if Bnn oole
Dm an Ld\ud , i un ton, P is ci iiy Gal up, Oliulson,
Olisexk tiay (ruin XÍ t iniomi liunson Ilavv'iiis,
Ila/o «, lío soy, II iwai' Hubicy William 11 Hiailei, In?
hni, I horn is Ii .ilek oil fob / lac ( m, Ju«eph Totin^in
Is l! i ipI Joie1;   I i\\' r,  IevsiJ   I°3ifl,   Lyon,   íxmt"? M
1   i n "Mirtlli Miy R )orl MoClfllan Abraham "VtoLIel an,
ñí f iro MrlCm tilli iMoh iniciv V ( u, fllf rjrai, v 1
rnuet W Moms Mu iihe a Oweu Parsi r I'ai menloi
Piynt ) Pcnnybar'*-i, iitiikcu, Poeips Piel us Piuni ,
Prut Punas, Kelly, Foiirhn Hichan'so t it vei buifei
si ,jl i, Spenier -i \s ii r s,ok) j xylor 1 hk i v 1 n\ s
inn , ^ ul, Vvt, ei, Wtti Ja ed VV Witinia^, Wor
I,hi I m   in I Yil      «
Mii-M^i Moot \1iyui1u Iten an Allen Aycii"*,
He 1, H i1 Bonk l l>ns s William It Calho m, lohn < il
Ii oi Villain 1 < u] rl! Wiilian it Cauci, Cliaiabers,
( alba! i ( li 1 e^l wney Colli C lwm I m t n,
t ken ('un < u hi i , Ddibripton Divf Di\it«, l)c
' m Dcin Dm J\i Lvi h tt Lwui" Itiolianil leu f cr,
I i in i Í me^G. ii and Hiui GliUnil Coode, Willi im G¡a
! i i'C nm I t1 il ii i ii Pailn Harper Iíaefirí;a(
íla \ B fieim leiol, tioltmai, Ho, I in , fienrv toht = n
w ( "i Hn on, is I i lit r í i oo n Loom s "Vialloi) Mi \ m
san in ^la on ' lx oi McKe nan Mucta, M Hi Mouk
Í aiv -j Minis Mu rn \i 1 \nye* O rle Pat'ei^
Pooee Peek To ^ Pol kn u H e J I 11 \\ y R n v,
iii^cli s,a-v yer a ne i IT -U[i¡ud Chailts '-htp^ul, j
sibit-'v ijtnith S u h^ t s r , i In eu-i ¡ ¡íí¡0"iiat,l
j laid tin lerwooi1 \V^ i b rtS \Mn e, 7oba Wbile
I la \i in Ie«ey2 tier V\ 1 a is Cllllbtophei 11 \% a
1           Wi e an t \ ci   c   ^i
So the iJou"e refused to 'ay the subject en    I  e
Hi1-", and the ouestion r' nrrng a  Mr   LV^-
R!"lT^ moil n to roarau with the trstruelion
Mi. H iYiNLS rose, and said thatiftliej were to
j i ive a Cherokee v ar, he 1 cl ee ed tv,b as v ell to
' li    e ¡'h"n asa* ant i ther stase oí t'ie ¡iioe echn".,
I     11 be therefore me  ed ih° indefinite postpiieinent
< 1 * e «ho'e su ,0c!
j ivir hVCRijITe as u iwil'trg to go into a dis
i c sio i ot th s mi 'oi be ore the facts o! the  ca e
j were reported upon, but it we must have a cliscus-
sioi at this time, he would take occasion to make
i a few remarks at present m relation to this memo-
rial. He considered it a question of very great
magnitude, of perhaps as great magnitude as any
which would present itself to the consideration of
the House at die present session, and he was sur-
piised to find that motions should be made to lay
it upon, the table for the purpose of preventing a
hearing of these peliuoners The question was of
importance, not only so far as it related to the
rights of the Cherokees, but so far as it related to
the character of the American Government. There
were many things which recommended the memo-
rialists to the favorable consideration of the House
This tribe has at all times been friendly to the
United Slates, and he was gratified to see it stated,
in a speech oí an officer of the Goternment, that
they had slood side by side with us heretofore,
fighting for the common cause of liberty, and on
this ground he looked upon them as being entitled
to the consideration of the House and the na-
tion. It was also to be recollected that these
people had arrived at a high state of civiliza-
tion, as nearly as much so as those of our
inhabitants in that vicinity. This treaty, then,
which thpy complain of, when carried into
force, proposes to remove them from their homes
which have been improved and made comfortable,
and send them into the wilderness to seek new
abodes. This seemed to be -doing them injustice,
and e fall tne various species of injustice, thatis most
intolerable which cloaks itself under legal forms
There might be great injustice done to these people
from other causes, hut they were as nothing com-
paied with this which they now complain of. We
to,be we have a treaty, and that t'eaty has been
latified by Ihe Senate, but they assert that this
tieaty was not the act of the nation, and they ask
this House to inquire into the facts of the ca>.e
They state that their nation consists of about eigh-
teen thousand peisons, while the trealy was made
by about eighty, and that this eighty were unautho-
rized by the nation Now the Government had
evidence of a treaty being maeie, but as it was not
made by the Cherokee nation, as these memorialists
represented, he would ask whether it would be ex-
pedient to plunge the country in a war, for the pur-
pose of earning it into effect At any rate, he
trusted the House would not refuse to consiler this
memoual, and inquire rito the facts set form by
the memonalis's
The CHAIR here announced that the hour had
arrived foi proceeding to the special order of the
day
Mr HOPKINS gave notneofa motion to le-
conside^ the vote lefusmg to lay the subject on the
table.
The CHAIR having entertained the motion bj
d rectmg Us entry on the journal,
Mr MERCER raised the point of order, that
the motion could not mteivene in the remarks of
th  gentleman from Vermont, and insisted upon
the entry of his objection on the journal.
The subject was then ordered to he o\ er, the
special older coming up
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the Mississippi election case, the quesuon being on
the following resolution, heretofore offered by Mr.
BRONSON of New York
Resolved, That Sergeant S. Prentiss and Thomas
J Woid are not members of the 25th Congress,
and aie notentnled to seats in th'sHrils^ as such
And the amendment of Mr But, to stake out
all af,er the word " resoHed," and to insert on" to
the foiiowmg effect, viz that the resolution oí the
House of the 3\ of Ottobet last, declaring that
Messis Gholson andCwiniiME were duly electo ¡
members of iht 2oth Congiess, was agreed to «,ti -
oat a 1 nowledge of all the facts which were mat -
rial ui the case, and the same is hereby resided
iod
lUsolied, fui net, That Mes«ri. Prentiss and
^V oi 1 eie dedy elected members of the 25th Cor -
gi s , from tt c Slate of Mjss ssippi, m November
ist, ar ) ire < milled to .ake t >e,r seals as such
Air rOsTER resumed h>s remarks m support
| of the  sitting members, m  opp isition   to the ton-
|  tt-stants,  and  m  reply to  Mr   Prentiss,  one  of
.he latter Without concluding, Mr. F save way to
Mr BRONSON, on whose motion,
1     The House adjourned,
