CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
125
the case, he ccmldsee no great force m the objections
of the Senator. The same difficulty will arise m
eyery part of the bill. What is negligence, and the
difficulty of proving it, will at once strike the Sena-
tor as equally affected by his remarks, and yet the
bill could not define negligence more particularly
than it had. These were facts to be left to the jury,
who would determine what was and what was not
negligence, from all the facts before them. So in
the case of racing. He thought the objection of the
Senator lies as well to one as the other. The
Senator says that malicious prosecutions may oc-
cur under the amendment. He (Mr. S.) would
say to the Senator that he had no such fears He
thought the great danger would be that too few
prosecutions would take place. There would be the
great difficulty. Passensers who escarpe uninjured,
will not be willing enough to be delayel m then
journey to attend a criminal prosecution. He
would repeat, he believed that obj'ection the least
entitled to weight of any that could be urged, with
due deference to the opinion oí that learned
Senator.
The Senator from Arkansas (Mr. Sevier) says
that the amendment will prevent boats from run-
ning at their best speed, and that it is the quality in
a boat that she is the fastest boat in port that gels
her the passengers. He (Mr. S.) would say to
that Senator, that the term racing with other boats
would not at all apply to the ordinary speed of a
steamboat. Whether she be a fast or a slow boat,
she has hei speed, that speed is Known by her ordi-
nary trips, and by it she seeuies her passengers
The amendment is intended to apply to those races
growing out of, strife between the boats, where in-
stantaneously the steam is pressed to ts greatest
power, to increase the velocity of the boat, leckless
of the lives of the pa-sengers. The Senator sajs
that he came up the Ohio las>t fall m a boat with
him, (Mi. S ) and that the passengeis stimulated
the captain to surfer no boat to piss her This is
very true, and what does it prove1 Why, sir, the
greater necessity for the amendment; ior there are
few persons who have travelled on either steam-
boats or stages, who do not know that in momenis
of excitement the feelings of rival and competing
officers extend to the passengers on either side,
and they, like the officers, become excited, take
part with the competitor, and lose sight entirely of
the safety of the boat, 01 stage and passengeis, in
their anxiety to prove victorious in the race.
This was the verv state of the case he wished 10
meet. He wished to put a stop to it at once. Let
the officers know the penalty, and they will be veiy
careful not to stimulate the passengers to join them
in a reckless exposure of life and property. He
believed he had answered the only objections he
had heard to the amendment. He knew the difii
culty of satisfying a committee that had drafted a
bill, that it required amendment, and should he
have failed, he would at least have the consolation
of having proposed the amendment, and having
his vote recorded in Us favor. He would, there-
fore, ask for the ayes and noes
The question was then taken by ayes and noes,
and 1-^st by a vote of 15 to 21, as follows
YEAS—Me-as. Bayard, Clay oí Kentucky,
Crittenden, McKean, 2fjles, Prentiss, Rives, Roane,
Robinson, Ruggles, Srauh of Induna, Spence
Strange, Tipton, and Williams—15
NAYS—Messrs Alien, Brown, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Clayton, Cnfhhert, Fulton, Ginndy,
HuDbard, Xing, Knight, Lumpkm, Lyon, Morris,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Sevier, Smith of Connec-
ticut, White, and Wright—21
Mr. NORVELL then moved an amendment,
compelling these boats to carry life preservers for
each passenger Mr N alluded to the calamitous
case of the steam packet between Charleston and
New York, and the number of lives lost that
might have been saved, had this vessel been pro-
vided with these essent.nls. 11 the expense were
objected to, the addition?! charge might be imposed
ub passengers.
Mr. RUGGLES made some observations in fa-
vor of the amendment of Mr Nurveu,, and sug-
gested modifications, to which Mr. N assented.
Mr. KING thought the whole matter ímpracii-
cabl e.  Here we were abou. to impose penalties for
not furnishing life preseivers for each and every
passenger. How was it possible for the Captain
to tell how many passengers he was to have1 It
was no uncommon thing for boats to stop and take
way passengeis for a few miles, and were these
machines to be prepared for them also1 or was the
Captain to stop and ascertain his increase, and
then go to a shop to procure them1 He thought it
infinitely better that every travellei should carry
his own life preserver with him He thought this
feature would render the bill moie objectionable
than any other m it.
The question was taken on this amendment and
lost
Mr NILES thought it essentia) to the bill that
then, should be a piovision mtioduced making it
obligatory on the runners of boits to have at least
one skilful engineer. Mr. N adverted to 'he dan-
ger that must ensue from the want of skilful and
scientific ofioeis of that deseiiplion, arid moved
the following amendment, lo come after the sixth
sect'on •
" And it shall be the duty of the oh 1 ers and
masters of steamboats, licensed m pursuance of the
provisions oí this ac', to employ on board of their
respective boats at least one skil'ul and experienced
engineer, and 111 case of neglect to do so, the said
owners and masters shall be held responsible for
all damages to the property or any passengers on
boaidof any boats, occasioned by an explosion of
the boiler, or any derangement of the engine 01
machineiy of said boat, and in case any life is
lost from the same cause, the owners shall be
deemed guiliy of manslaughter, and on conviction
be subject to the same punishment as piovided m
the last section of this act "
To this it was objected by the Cha unan, that
so many skilful engineers could not be had as was
required, tint the duties devolved on careful and
experienced firemen, who were raised to t' at sta-
tion as they were found woithy oi efficient
The question was taken on the adoption of this
amendment, and cirried by a voto of 14 to 12.
Mr SEVIER thought the thuttenth section en-
tirely tot broad, inasmuch as it subiected to the
penalnes of the law all peisons in said boat The
captain of the boat was entitled tn obedience fiom
all the subordinates, and would exact it Would
it, then, be reasonable to subject that class to the
ngois of this act, many of whom were slaves hired
in these boats'!
The bill to provide for the security of passengers
conveyed m vesseU propelled m whole, or in part,
by steam, was taken up, and aft< 1 being debated
at some length, and various amendments and mo-
difications adopted,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENT VHVES,
Tut sday, January 24, 1838
Mi JOHNSON of Louisiana, asked the t onsen t
ot the House to nbinit a íesolution instructing the
Committee on Pnvate Land Claims to inquire
whether anv, or if any, what furthei provisions
ought to be made by law, foi the legal decision of
claims for land
Objection being made, Ml J. moved a suspen-
sion of the rule, but the House refused
On moUon of Mr SMITH, and by general con-
sent, the House took up the engrossed bill, post-
poned some days s nee, entitled " An act 10 se-
cure the p > menl of certain commissions on duty
bonds to collectors of the customs," andaftei a few
explanatory remarks between Messis. M'KAY,
E WHITTLESEY and SMITH, the bid was
pa^s I
Mi HOFFMAN moved a suspension o£ the
rules for ¡be putpnse of calling the States foi pe'i-
tions and memorials, but the House relused—90 to
53   not two-thirds
SEMINOLE INDIANS
Mi. CAMBRELENG, on leave, repoited a bill
making a partial appropriation for the suppiession
of Indian hostilities lor the year 1838.
The bill having been read twice, Mr C. sent to
the Clerk's table, to be read, a letter from the Se-
cretaiy oí War, and another from the Acting
duaitermasterGeneral, setting foith the absolute
necessity for an immediate appropriation.
Mr C. then explained that he had been unani-
mously instructed by the Committee of Ways and
Means to report this bill of one million of dollars,
the amount required for the year.being $2,480,000.
When that bill*should come up, there would, un-
doubtedly, be a general debate; but, in order that
the operations of the War Department might not
be stopped, and tha' the necessary payments might
be made, the committee had directed him to report
this bill, and ask tht House, when it was referred
to the Committee oí the Whole on the state of the
Union, to go at once into committee upon it.
Mr. DOWNUNG expressed his hope that the
motion of the gentleman from New York would
prevail, font was indispensable that this bill should
be passed without delay He was daily receiving
the most piessing letters on ihe subject, setting
foith that, a' this time, the troops m tne field were
absolutely suffering severely for want of subsis-
tencp, ?nd that t' e people, eie long, would be com-
pelled to lesort to wha they were before driven to,
to feed upo 1 hor e fbsh Two thousand of the
rionda mihtia have been disbandeu without hav-
u / been J "id If this course is followed up, and
imnevs ai3 not dppropiiated, the result will be,
that the people in that section of country will lose
con'.dencc in. the Gover impnt, and it will not be
in its powerheiealter to enlist men into the service.
It was his opinion that this w ai would be brought
to a speedy termination, if the means were put in
the hands of the Government for carrying it on ,
and gentlemen need not be appiehensive of its pro-
longation. The late efforts made theie were de-
cisive, and he believed the war would be brought
to a cíese m a vcty short time
The bill having been committed —
Mr CAMBRELENG moved a suspension of
the rules to enable him to submit a motion that
the Houso go into Committee of the Whole on
th U, and 1L0 b.U foi tne protection of uV njithern
frontici
Mi. WISE ínuuiied if ihe motion «as a de-
batable one
The CITAIR lephed that it was not
Mi WISE said if it had, he should have oflered
sonic objections to going into committee on this
bill, foi he saw no reason for taking up a partial
bill when there was a general bill already before
the House.
Mi CAMBRELENG might be permitted, aftei
the íemark of the gentleman from Virginia, to re-
peat what he had before sa d, that, when the other
bill came up, he anticipated a general debate, but
the necessity of the present bill was shown from
the lact that the Wai Department had nothing to
pav but drafts, and th°y were leturuing protested
Mi WISE. 11 the appropriation ¡s now made,
theie will be nothing to debate about
Mr BELL had examined, as well as he could,
Ihcgournls upci which this paitial appropriation
\ias made, and he believed diat theie was a neces-
sity for some amount—how much, it would be for
the House to ascei tain
M.l CAMBRELENG S motion was agreed to—
a) es 133, noes not counted.
The House accordingly went into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, Mi CONNOR
in the chair, and proceeded lo the consideration of
the abuv e bill.
As soon as it had been icad by the Clerk—
Mi WISE inquned if this bill did not also
contain rppiopiiat, ns foi other blanches ot the
li dian sen ice.
Mi. CAMBRELENG said this bill v\ as like all
rppr ipnation bills It v, as for appropriations foi
the suiipies«ion of Indian hostilities general!}
Tne b'll wis then rod by the Cleik.
Mi WISE said this bill was precisely of the
charactei which ho etp cted, before the House
wnt nfo committee Instead of its being a mere
pailial appropriation bill for the immediate exi-
gencies ot the spmte 111 Florida, it was a general
appropnat on bill for all expendituies in the In-
dian strvice It was m this way that appiopna-
tions were eJiaeted from this House, like teeth,
without ¡be pioper mvestigpfon and inquuy The
officeis of Government waited until appropriations
were immediately wanted, and then they called
upon the House to pass them, without investigation,
