CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                127
falsity of the chaTges of fraud made by the Indians.
Mr. WISE reiterated his former charges as to
the character of the war and its inception, and
declared he would prove them, tf the House would
give him a committee of investigation for that pur-
pose, líe expressed his surprise, that the gentle-
man from Florida had never heard the fairness of
'.he Seminole treaty questioned, for it had been de-
signaled as a fraud upon that floor a year ago. It
had nevei been ratified by the Indians, and was no
more a valid treaty than was the Cherokee treatv.
Mr. DOWNING explained that he would not
take the testimony of Indians or negroes in opposi-
tion to that of wht e people, and the validity of the
tieaty had never been questioned in Florida.
Mr. WISE said that he would take the testimony
of the Government, of our own agents and our own
people; and their testimony was that the treaty had
not been fairly obtained, and that it was never made
with the Seminole nation, as a nation. In ma-
king treaties with the Indians, they are to be
heard as well as ourselves. He would ap-
peal to the delegate from Florida, who was
a lawyer, to say whether it was not necessary
when a treaty was made, that both parties should
be heard1? And he would now say that he believed
when the whole matter was fully investigated and
expoied, that it would be found and proved lhat
there was no treaty made but a fraudulent treaty.
He believed it could be fairly shown and proved
that these Indians had betn infamously treated,
and he would now take occasion to say that
he had been furnished with a letter by Secre-
tary Cass from Governor Eaton long before hos-
tilities broke out, asking that a force might be
sent there to overawe the Indians and suppress
Indian hostilities; yet no force was sent, and no
appropriations were asked for, until hostilities
actually broke out. The gentleman, inert tore,
would find it a harder task than he was awaie ot,
to sustain the War Department in the course it had
taken in retatron to these Indian hostilities. The
people of Florida have been struck down, and
ihey ought to know who was responsible to
them for the destruction of their houses and then
property. He (Mr. W.) had been the friend of
these people, and had voted appropriations for
their defence without inquiring as to their
amount; but these appropriations have been
mismanaged by your Government, and the
war procrastinated by the course of those in power,
and he would not now vote lor an appropriation
which would g) still iurthei to desolate the homes
pnd the altars of the suffering cit zens of Florida,
until he knew how it was to be expended He
would not wait for the Committee which he desired
for investigating this subject, with all the delays
and embarrassments which were attendant upon
investigations instituted by this House, but he
would inquire of the Chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means for a statement of the
amounts that might be necessaiy, and if
they were not informed on the subject, he
would call upon the Secretary ot War to com-
municate it to tie House for the information of all
who desired to look into the matter. He was told
that the present expenditures m Florida, tor the
suppression oí Indian hostilities, amounted to
§73,000 a da> We have already expended eight
or nine mill) ills ot dolíais, and we are no neaiei
the end of the war, to all appearances, than ve
wcie when the predecessor of the gentleman fium
Florida made his fiist sympathetic appeal to the
House on the subject of the sufferings of the
lu'iibitaiits of Florida torn Ind'm hostil/e~
Ile (Mi W ) had vo'ed time after time, and
vear after year, for appropriat ons to suppress these
Indian hostilities, without mquny, until the anion it
of money struck hi-a with surpr se, and h  was
compelled to pause and inquire into the mattei He
considered it a public duty that he should do so,
aftei eight cr nine ro limns had been expended, and
troop after troep h'd leen defeated, and the In-
d'ans, although but a handful it first, still rem me i
masters of the «oil. What a spectacle we we>e
presenting to the world' A short time ago this Go-
vernment threatened France with a wai, and were
now talking about calling upon England for
an explanation, yet  w.th all her surplus millions
her regular army, her marines, her chosen Ten-
nessee troops, and all her militia, could not put
downsome eight hundred or a thousand Indians.
It was impossible for the gentleman to defend the
War Department after such management as it had
been guilty of, and he contended lhat that depart-
ment was responsible foi the act of every one of its
agents, whether petty or important agents. He
went on to charge perfidy and treachery tnon the
officers of the Government, in seizing up-
oa Oceola and Micanopy, while they were
under the white flag winch ought to have
piotected them. He charged upon the War
Department or its agents, the employment
of a delegation of Cherokees as mediatois, and af-
ter t!i"y brought in some of the leaders of the Semi-
nóles, they weie tieacheioush sei7ed upon byGer.
Jesup, and sent to prison. The Seminóles weie
templed to a consultation m consequence of an ar-
rangement be ng made with the Cherokees for that
puipo e, and «hen they came into the consultation,
they were seized and held as prisoners of wai.
Mr. DOWNING stated tint the Indians alluded
to came m aft r Genera! Jesup had stated to them,
through ptrsons that had seen them, that he would
receive nothing at their hands but an uncon litem il
sunender Mi D. knew not what information'he
gentleman from Virginia might have in his posses-
sion, or whit testimony might be given by others
on the subject; butthis that what he had stated he be-
lieved to be the iacts, and furthermore, he would
say, taking into consideration the cold-blooded and
inhuman murders these Indi ins had committed, if
he (Mr. D.) had been in General Jesup\ place, he
would have hung them up on the ciookei' limb of a '
yellow pme tree                                                        j
Mr WISE said, that the gentleman's personal '
feeling might have led him to do an act of inhu-
manity which he would have repented •>awards
but he could not belie\e, if th" gent' 'man had
made a pledge to these Indians, a. Gen Jesup un-
doubtedly did, that he would have been gu 'tv of
perfidy m disregatdmg that pledge. If he had
caught the Indians by fair means, or by a stratagem
laid without violating a pledge to them, it would
have been a very different matter, and then he might
peihapsi <ne been justified m u«.ng harsh means
towaids. mem. Mr. W. then went into some de-
tads m ictatiun to the Cherokee mediation- that
they hau oern employed by the Government; that
they ha<j i^oue out to consult with the Seminóles;
that they >'&& brought in some of the Seminole
chief, ei inc second consultation, and that they
had fdilut in itteir third consultation because ol the
pel fid y ot «encral Jesup; wh ch news had been
cairiííí it) twin! by an Indian limner, s->rt up by
the fcemifjoK-s to await the >ss"e Mi W. then
stated ffoi 'etíírs had been wntt<_n to the Cherokee
delegation, jit "til as to th" S'eietny o1 Wai, ' y
Gene 'ti jwr, testifying to the in mid > \ Inch I
the media'i'Mi had been conduct d by tin e Cheio- '
kee larli,!"!"                                                               I
Mr. EVERETT here produced the letteis allud- j
ed to, antt mc  were read fiom the Cicle'  tibie.      '
Ml. BOWMNG then produced arj re ,d letteis
addre"S'\l to h.mse'f, f-om persons acquainted w th
the Uei,, ™iu % forth that the Oheiokee ft if Ration
had iliormod the Seminóles, that if the; held out
this winter, iftzt they would be left in possession of
their < oi.mry, as Congress would make no appio-
pruiticis is cany on the war.
M' uXASUOCK íerraiked that the de'ega'e
froaiFKnda isvght sute that H v is in derst d
that (lonely' Jesup h mselfnou behoved that the
C hertkee dele.atiun had pro",ed tie "heio'is
Mi   ",?P3 proceeds 1,  and  si-it-d that the £;en- j
tieria"  f->m  r'hnda had been gn bv of prceistfy  I
that which 1 ad been charged upoi him (Mr. W )  I
—me readme; to  the House of an anon} nous let-  'I
ter, Dut (as he had  looked  into the  gentle nan's
letter by this  ret-mission) he would now  ttll the
dp'omtte from Florida, that the same person who
wiotp  that le 'er should come up as a  witness,
m cens-ot'"!"?   cf other  letters   which   he ha1  i
wrtlen him (Mr W ) in case he ever obtained
an investigating committee.   lie went on again
to charge   a double   perfidy   en the   officer   at
the head of affairs in Florida, m the taking of
the Indian chiefs before alluded to. He then re-
ferred to, and read extracts from, a letter of Gov.
Eaton's, written in March, 1835, being the March
preceding the December in which the war broke
out, in which the Governor doubted the legality of
the treaty, and the propriety of carrying it into
effect; but rec jmmended, if it was to be carried
into effect, that a large force might be sent to over-
awe the Indians, otheiwise the consequences might
be fatal.
Mr. DOWNING explained that Gen. Eaton had
retracted al' that had been said in that letter; and
Itgislative action had been had upon it in Florida,
and he believed the Governor was ashamed that
he had ever written it The fact was that every
citizen of the United States, who went into lhat
Terntory, went there with his heart overflowing
«lthsympathy for those Indians, but after lemovmg
theie, and seeing the treachery and dishonesty of
them, their opinions soon beca.ne very much chang
ed He h?d no doubt if the gendemen who had
so much ovmpathj for them on this floor, had had
their ca'tle and servants stolen, and their relations
muidered, that their opinions would change.
Mr. WISE resumed, and went on to detail the
manner m which Mi ¿Ton h^d been induced to
ictraci v, hat had been said m the letie just referred
to He (Mr W ) had called upon Lip War De-
partment foi informal ion in relation to the Semi-
nole war, and Mr Cass himself bad sent him va-
rious letters, whch.he said, were sent confidential-
ly, and m those letters he had 'earned how it was
that Gov. Eaton had been induced to retract what
he had before «laid. These letters were sent to lum
as confidential when he called for information, but
h  was not to íegaid letteis as onidentiai when
they u ere the regalar letters of the Dcp.ut.nents on
then files
Mi. W referitd also toa number of other let-
ters ooiilirii'a'ivy of the views, and itcommendmg
the same adyice, as Governor Eaton, and then en-
tered into a levicw of the Indian policy of the
Gove'nment, wh ch he was convinced would, in
thr- end, result in a general combination of them
on the whole of our western frontier.
Mr. CILLEY defended the policy of the Govern-
ment; which, he insisted, was humane and benevo-
lent The sympathy evinced for the tawny red
men, he described to be of the same character as
the hobby piofessed for the race a little darker in
the North. When he found his country at
war, he was not for staving to inquire into
its ong n, ot to investigate little, petty, mise-
lable details about it, but to take such mea-
sures as \iould be most likely to bung it to a
favorable termination. Whether the Government
had puisucd the besl coi'ise 01 not, whether there
had been a pro ligal expenditure, he feared there
h d,'i"i ould n it i , In t he was foi continuing
the v ai w th vie; -, on l e oid New England plan,
wheinfhel dians had been wholly exterminated,
foi it was fxKe po'iey and false philanthropy to
cai ly on a feeble w ir
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON expressed his re-
gret that th'S discussion had been brought on, the
oí'1 lebef for his ¡lam at it was m the bold truths
told bj the last g^n'leman. Mr T then entered
i n a leply to Mi Wise. He denied that Mr. W.
euild ¡roic throws iot-eit), and if he could,
he had not piolen th e vas no necessit/ for this
app opnat on to give meit and bread to those who
r„ i been fighting ter bitths of their country, nor
'i as '!i s the fitttna; oac \sion to go i'o lhat question.
Mr T then entertl into a review ot the cir-
cnmsMiices of the F'or da wai, and defended the
p' in ongmi'l/ piopised by General Scott. Mr.T.
a U Tims; to the s,n pa'hes at the North for the
!n 'i a , said he coiild not shut h>s eyes to the fact
t"it it ai ose from a hatred to their own race He
e\pto scd his stiong disapprobation and unmea-
su d c iHiemna'ion p' v hat he regarded as die dis-
hou ralie raptare of Oceola, offering, as it did, the
first , i ttnee n the r sto y of this country where
aa V' aencan oT"er had refused to respect a flag of
truce
Mr EVERETT then obtained the floor, and ex-
pressed his regret that any debate should havd
arisen on this subject at  this time; the moieso,
