COMPRESSION AI, &LOBE.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 18S8.
---t------.....:-",' , ~....... —sc-.........,:::s.;;.=:-.-—a
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WEEKLY
PRICE $1 PER. SESSION.;
[Continued from Mb. 8.]
ed yesterday, without being duly looked into and
considered. .
. Mr. NILES had no objection to the vote being
reconsidered.
Mr. SEVIER then suggested that if this amend-
ment was to be adopted in some other shape, that
two engineers would be indispensable, as one could
not at all times be present; and to subject that offi-
cer to punishment for the ignorance and incapacity
of others, would be going further than he was dis-
posed to do.
Mr. NILES-asked if there was any thing more
criminal than jeopardising the lives of passengers
through the ignorance or incapacity of the engi-
neer. Mr. N. knew very well how these affairs
were managed with 30tne of these boats: they first
had a skilful engineer at flOO per month, and next
they took a fireman for the duty at $20 or $30 a
month; and it was not unfrequently from the in-
capacity of these persons that so many accidents
had occurred. • He was for placing-such guards as
might prevent these evils in- future: he thought he
could modify his amendment so as to meet the ob-
jections of gentlemen. Mr. N. then so modified it
as to make the owners and masters responsible for
• all damage to property and person; and it was
adopted.
Mr. NORVELL renewed a motion, made by
him yesterday, and lost, jn relation to compelling
boats to have a life-preserver for each passenger,
and so modified it as to compel steamboats to have
a life-preserver for each berth.
Mr. DAVIS said there might be some utility in
these life-preservers : he was not prepared to say
there was not; but why make them applicable
only to steamboats? Why not extend them to all
the patkets—in short, to make them applicable to
every kind of marine conveyance ? Human life
was not more valuable in steamboats than else-
where.. He (Mr. D.) was willing to go on and
make the bill as perfect as practicable; but, after
all, he mast confess that he had very iittle confi-
dence in the.measure. Something in relation to
the subject is certainly due, however, from Go-
vernment. On tins head there was much to grapple
with—carelessness, ignorance, intemperance, &c.
He was for the strongest measures that could be
adopted to render the bill efficient. Mr. D. ad-
verted to the circumstance that no dangerous oc-
currences had taken place in the steam navigation
. beCwsenNew. York and Providence, and contended
if more care were observed, that these fatal injuries
would not so otten happen..
. Mr.KOB.VELL alluded to-the frightful loss of
human life on board the steamboat ". Home" for
the want of this article. If a tithe only of the
persons drowned on that melancholy occasion have
been saved .by the adoption of " preservers," he
thought it indispensable that vessels should be pro-
vided with them. At all events, the experiment,
was worth trying, and he hoped no objection would
be made.
The question was then taken on the adoption of
Ms. Norvell's amendment, and lost by a vote of
16 to 18.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana then made an offer to
introduce his amendment in a modified shape,
which was argued for some time between Mesf rs.
Strange, "Bayard, and others, on the bearing of
the Jaw.
The amendment was lost; and the bill having
been reported to the Senate, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.-
The bill, as amended, reads as follows:
A BILL to provide for the better security of the
- ■ lives of passengers on board of. vessels propelled
'.     in whole or in part by steam.
BeiU .enacted, by the Senate and House of Represen-
ia$nt&.ofiht United States of America in Congress
¿ssetMeif :-That it shall be the duty of all owners of
.steamhpatsvlor vessels propelled in wholé.or in part
by steam, on or before the first day of October, one
thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, to make a
new enrolment of the same, under the existing laws
of the United States, and take out from the collec-
tor or surveyor of the port, as the case may be,
where such vessel is enrolled, a new license, under
such conditions as are now imposed by law, and
as shall be imposed by this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for the owner, master, or captain of
any steamboat or vessel propelled in whole or in
part by steam, to transport any goods, wares, and
merchandise, or passengers, in or upon the bays,
fakes, rivers, or other navigable waters of the
United States, from and after the said first day of
October, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-
eight, without having first obtained, from the pro-
per officer, a license under the existing laws, and
without having complied with the conditions im-
posed by this act;" and for each and every viola-
tion of this section, the owner or oivner* of said
vessel shall forfeit and pay to the United States the
sum of five hundred dollars, one-half lor the use of
the ¡.informer; and for which sum or sums the
steamboat or vessel so engaged shall be liable, aud
may be seized and proceeded against summarily,
by way of libel, in any district court of the United
States having jurisdiction of the offence.
Sec. 3. And be if further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the district judge of the United
States, within whose district any ports of entry or
delivery may be, on the navigable waters, bays,
lakes, and rivers of the United States, upon the ap-
plication of the master or owner of any steamboat
or vessel propelled in whole or m part by steam, to
appoint, from time to time, one or more persons
skilled and competent to make inspections of such
boats and vessels, and of the boilers and machinery
employed in the same, whose duty it shall be to
make such inspection when called upon for that
purpose, and to give to the owner or master of such
boat or vessel duplicate certificates of f uch inspec-
tion.
Sec. 4. And be it further masted, That the per-
son or persons who shall be called upon to inspect
the hull of any steamboat or vessel, under the pro-
visions of this act, shall, after a thorough exami-
nation of the same, give to the owner or master,
as the case may bs, a certificate, in which shall
be stated the age of the said boat or vessel, when
and where originally built, and the length of time
the same has heen running. And he or they shall
also state whether, in his or ihsir opinion, the said
boat or vessel is sound, and fit to be used for the,
transportation of freight or passengers;. foi*>which
service, so performed upon each and every boat
or véssél,~the inspectors shall each be paid and
allowed by said master or owner applying for such
inspection the sum of five dollars.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That the person
or persons who shall be called upon to inspect the
boilers and machinery of any steamboat or vessel,
under the provisions of this act, shall, after a
thorough examination of. the same, make a certi-
ficate, in which he or they shall state his or their opi-
nion whether said boilers a re sound and fit for use,
together with the age of said boilers, and duplicates
thereof shall be delivered to the owner or master
of such vessel; one of which it shall be the duty of
the said master and owner to deliver to the collector
or surveyor of the port whenever he shall apply
for a licenss, or for a renewal of a license; the
other he shall cause to be posted up, and kept in
some conspicuous part of said boat, for the infor-
mation of the public; and, for each and every in-
inspection so made, each of the said inspectors
shall be paid by the said master or owner applying,
the sum oí five dollars.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the dutty of the owners and masters of steam-
boats to cause the inspection provided under the
fourth section of this act to be made at least once
in every twelve months; and the examination and
trial of the streath of the boilers of his boat, re-,,
¡juired by the fifth section, at least once in «Very
six months; and deliver to thé.eoll^stoEQB surveyor
of the port where his boat or vessel, has, j)eea en-
rolled or licensed, the certificate" of sucb..in§pection;,
and, on a failure thereof, he or■ they, ¡shsll.forfeit
the license .granted tosuehboat or y&5ej.,and,„.be
subject- to the same penalty as though, he had run-
said boat or vessel without having obtained such,
license, to be recovered in like manner. And it
shall be the duty of thv¡ owners and masters of
steamboats licensed in pursuance of the provisions
of this act, to employ onboard of their respective
boats, a competent number of experienced and skil-
ul engineers; and in case of neglect to do so, that
said owners and masters shall be held respensible
for all damages to the property or any passenger*
on board of any boat occasioned by an explosion of
the boiler or any derangement of the engine or
machinery of said boat.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That whenever
the master of any boat or vessel, or the person, or
persons charged with navigating said boat or ves-
sel, which is propelled in whole or in part by.
steam, shall stop the motion or headway of said
boat or vessel, or when the said boat or vessel
shall be stopped for the purpose of discharging or
taking in cargo, fuel, or passengers, he or they
shall open the safety-valve, so as to keep the steam.
down in said boiler as near as practicable to what
it is when the said boat or vessel is under head-
way, under the penalty of two hundred dollars for
each and every offence.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the owner and master of every steam
vessel engaged in the transportation of freight or
passengers,atseaoronthe Mississippi river, the ton-
nage of winch ve ssel shall not exceed two hundred
tons, to provide and to carry with the said boat
or vessel, upon each and every voyage, two long-
boats or yawls, each of which shall be competent
to carry at least twenty persons; and where the ton-
nage of said vessel shall exceed two hundred tons,
it shall be the duty of the owner and master to
provide and carry, as aforesaid, not less than three
long-boats or yawls, of the same or larger dimen-
sions; and for every failure in these particulars the
said master and^owner shall forfeit and pay three
hundred dollars.
Sec 9. And be it.fu.Hher enacted, That it shall be
the duly of the master and owner of every $team
vessel to provide, as a part of the necessary furni-
ture, a suction-hose and firs engine and hose, sui-
table to be worked on saidboatin case of fire,and
-ca y-4*ees«HetrpOTrtaLerí ald~évery'voyage, in good
-order; and for a failure to do which they, and each
them, shall forfeit and pay the sum of three hun-
dred dollars.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the master and ownerof every steam-
boat, running between sunset and sunrise, to carry
one or more signal lights that may be seen by, other
boats navigating the same waters, at some suitable
point near or at the bow of said boat.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
.penalties imposed by this act may be sued for and
.recovered in the name of the United States, in the
district or circuit court of such district or circuit
where the offence shall have been committed, or
forfeiture incurred, or in which the owner or mas-
ter of said vessel may reside, one-half to the use
of the former, and the other to the use of the
United States, or the said penally may be prosecuted
for by indictment in either of the said courts.
Sec. 13. Anibeit furtlier enacted, That every cap-
tain, engineer, pilot, or other person, employed on
board of any steamboat or vessel propelled in whole or
in part by steam, by whose misconduct, negligence,
or inattention to his or their respective duties., the
life or lives of any person or persons or - < bo&id
said vessel may be destroyed, shall be deemed
guilty of manslaughter, and, upon conviction
thereof, before arty circuit court of the Unittd
States, shall be sentenced to confinement at hard
labor for a period met lesi than two aor rao  ta$ig
te y<*ar*.
