13#
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~ .p   ~¿ y..
The bill for the continuation ot the Cumberland
roadm the States of Indiana and Illinois, was
taken up, and postponed to, and made the order of
the day for, Friday next.
PRE-EMPTIONS TO SETTLERS.
The bill to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on
ihe public lands, was taken up, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky observed that this was
a very important measure, and he presumed that
no Senator intended to press it. Its discussion
would take up a good deal of time, and he thought
that Senators bhould have some time allowed them
to prepare for it. He would propose to postpone
the bill, and make it the order of the day fot next
Monday week.
Mr CLAY of Alabama thought that, if the mo-
tion prevailed, it would be equivalent to postponing
it for some months to come. He was satisfied that
the Senator from Kentucky did not wish to give
the bill the go-by m that manner Tuesday week,
Mr C said, was set apart for the consideration of
the important measure in relation to the finances
Another important measure, the bill relating to the
banks in the District of Columbia, was set for
Monday, and other measures of importance would
come up about the time named by the gentleman
He did not apprehend that this pre-emption bill
would occasion so much discussion as the Senator
supposed There was-nothing novel in it, nothing
extraordinary—the subject was well understood,
and this bill was so simple m its provision that
he could not see how it could create any difficulty.
The obnoxious feature in the pre-emption bill of
the last session—that relating to floating claims—
had been stricken out, and it now contained no
provisions to which any well founded objections
could be urged. He hoped the Senator from Ken-
tucky would consent to a postponement to a shorter
day.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said that the bill did
contain some novelty, notwithstanding. Certainly,
said he, we have had pre-emptions enough; but to
throw open the whole public domain to every man
■who will call himself a pre-emptioner, was a
novelty reserved for this bill. He did not, how-
ever, intend to enter into the merits of the bill, but
he made these observations for the purpose of
showing that it was not the harmless measure that
gentlemen supposed He was sure that when they
did take it up it would not be one day nor two days
under discussion, but would perhaps occupy them
for weeks.
Mr. WALKER wished the bill to have an early
consideration, because extensive land sales had
lately been ordered, and if these took place before
the passage of the bill, many meritorious indi-
viduals Would be deprived of its benefits. If Con-
giess was disposed to give to the actual settlers a
portion of the land improved by them, it was im-
portant that the bill should pass at an early day, so
that the lands might not be sold before the indus-
trious cultivator could have an opportunity of
securing his improvements Mr. W. concluded by
moving to make the bill the order of the day for
Thursday next.
Mr. KING of Alabama was in hopes that the
Senator from Kentucky would have seen nothing
jn this bill of the alarming character which he
seemed to apprehend The bill of the last session,
Mr K. said, embraced other and more extended
provisions than were to be found in the one before
them, which occasioned the protracted discussion
the Senator referred to It was in the provision
Telatmg to the actual settlement on which so much
time was consumed. Mr. K. believed that there
was always a disposition to give to actual settlers a
portion of their improvements; and he had hoped
that for so small and reasonable a matter the Se-
nator from Kentucky would have permitted it to
pass by quietly and without unnecessary delay
The reason assigned by the Senator from Missis-
sippi was a good one, and he hoped it would have
its due weight with the Senate The objectionable
features having been removed from the bill, he
indulged the hope that it would not have to en-
counter the opposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky, and that he would seethe propriety of either
modifying his motion so, as to give it an earlier
consideration, or that he would accept the motion
of the Senator from Mississippi
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said the Senatoi fi im
Alabama was certainly very coaxing, but he could
not view the matter in the same light the Senator
from Alabama did. He would undertake to say
that we should have applications for the passage of
pre-emption laws to the end of time. These peo-
ple would go on choosing the best parcels of the
public land, and applying to Congress for pre-
emption rights, until they reached the Pacific. We
had been told by the President, m his message, as
well as by the Senator from Alabama, "only pa^s
this bill, and it shall be the last." Mr. C. how-
evei, did not believe these claims would ever cease.
He thought the um« rather short, and would prefer
that the bill should be fixed for a later period
Mr. CLAY of Alabama hoped that the conside-
ration of the bill would not be delayed beyond Fri-
day next The proposition, he said, was now in a
more simple form than it had ever been presented
to the Senate, and he was satisfied that a majority
of the Senate would approve of it in its present
form, 01 with a few modifications
Mr BENTON was opposed to any delaj If
the bill were postponed for two weeks, it might be
delayed for months, from the circumstance oí los
ing its place in the calandei. There was no Sena-
tor, he presumed, who was not familiar wilh tie
subject and piepared to vole at once without a
word being said, as their minds were made up on
one side or the other. While up he would take
occasion to say that he hoped the practice of the
Government ior the last forty year  would not be
reversed or discontinued. He was entirely m fa
vor of the system The best evidence of the pre-
emption^ wishngt o become a cultivator, was his
going into the forest, cutting down the trees, and
erecting his little cabin, he was in fa Vor of all such
settlers.
The question was then taken on Mr. CLAY'S
motion to postpone until Monday week, and lot
The question u as next taken on Mr. WALK-
ER'S motion, and carried, so that the bill was
postponed to, and made the ordei of the day for
Friday next
The bill from the House to secure the paym nt
of certain commissions on duty bonds tocollectois
of the customs, was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Finance
The bill to create the office of surveyor of public
lands in the Territory of Wisconsin, was taken up
and considered as in Committee of the Whole,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of Thomas L Wmthrop
and others, directors of an association, called the
New England Mississippi Land Company, was, on
motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, postponed until
Monday next.
The bill for the relief of William East, was
taken up and cons dered, and after being explained
and advocated by Messrs CLAY and KING of
Alabama, and opposed by Mr TIPTON, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, .
Wednfsday, Januarj 24, 1838
SEMINOLE WAR
Ab soon as the journal was read,
Mr CAMBRELENG asked the consent of the
House to go into Committee of the Whole again
on the "bill making a partial appropriation for the
suppression of Indian hostilities for the year 1833 "
The motion was assented to without a division,
ant1 the House accordingly went into committee,
Mi. Connor m the chair, and resumed the consi-
deration of the above bill.
The question pending was on the "motion of M
Wise to reduce the appropriation from #1,000,000
to |500,000
As soon as the question had been announced,
Mr. THOMPSON, referring to what he had said
yesterda), said that he had not said that the whole
North felt sympathy w Uh the Indians, only because
they were our enemies He oid not believe such
to be the universal feeling of the Noith He hoped
and believed that it was not now even thp geneial
feeling    If he thought so, he would not hesitate
one mon ent to leave, to cut loose, if need be, from
the Confederacy. That a portion of the northern
people were influenced by such feelings, he did not
doubt.
Mr BIDDLE said it had been hts wish to speak
on the subject before the rising of the committee
yesterday, and nothing had occurred m the inter-
vening period to change hts views. He could not
suppress his surprise at the course pursued yester-
di) The debate which then took place com-
menced with the appropriation bill, and left off in
a discussion on the abolition of slavery. That dis-
cusión was provoked by a struggle between the
gentleman fro.n Virginia and the gentleman from
South Carolina, as to which was the most bitter
opponent toihe Noith.
Mr. WISE stated that the gentleman had totally
misunderstood him. He was not an enemy of the
North He had always been a friend to the North,
but at the same time he was a friend to the South.
Mr BIDDLE went on to complain of the un-
fairness of Southern gentlemen in making denun-
c ations against the North in delation to abolition,
when the Representative:, of the North were tied
down from leplymg by a resolution of the House,
which forbid all discussion on the subject. But he
w mid tell those gentipsnen that if e\er the abolition
question came to a cris s, the whole responsibility
and calam ty of the result would tall upon them
Mr B. was proceeding, when
Mr. PAT TON protested against any further dis-
cussion on that subject, which was quite foreign to
the question before the committee.
Mr BIDDLE said he would waive any further
remarks on that subject, and confine his remarks
to the question of appropriation. He asked what
were the reasons urged for requiring this enormous
appropriation from the pockets of the people They
were told that the emergency of the case required
it, and, on this ground, tne House was called upon
to act precipitat ly. But his short experience had
| given him an opportunity of examining such pre-
texts, and of die manner of forcing bills through
the House by sucn pressing importunities. They
were invariably t ikea by surprise in these cases,
and the appropriation' were not asked until there
was an " eme-gency,'' and then tnere was no time
to discuss the matter. He would ask if such had
not been the practice during the whole eighteen
months of General Jesup's command in Florida.
He, for one, would protest against voting any
more monev under such pretexts. He, for one,
was willing to assume the responsibility, and to go
home to his constituents, and tell them that he had
refused to vo'e for an appropriation of another
million, without knowing to what use it was to be
applied The treasures of the country had been
squandered long enough The mam artery ol the
Treasury had been bleeding for a long time, and
it only required a few gallons more to complete us
exhaustion Yes, he was w tiling to go back to his
constituents, and to say, that after fifteen mill'ons
hid been expended in that war to no purpose, he
refused to grant fift'pn million, moie, until somi*
satisfactory explanation had b=en given as to its
object
The gentleman trom Flonda had said much
about the employment of the Cherokees, and had
contended, that if those Indians had not been em
ployed, the war would have been ended long ago
But v,ho was it who employed the Cherokees'
Was it the action of that House' No Was it
the action of the Government' No But it was
an id'c experiment of General Jesup, who had
superceded Geneial S^ott, and who had pledged
himself to undo all that had been done by the lat-
ter Mr B revieued, at «orne length, the pro-
feed no, of the co rt in inquiu, in. relation to ihe
oim'uct of Genera' Scolt, nhom he contended was
a brave and ga'lant o'neer, who had been recalled
from Flouda at the moment he was strkmg the
decisive blow, by the dishonorable conduct of Gen.
Jesup, in writing a private letter to the editor of
the Globe, condeming the coarse ©f his command-
ing officer He adverted to the parly history of
General Sco't, his gallant conduct in the war with
Gieat Britain, and other matters laudatory of that
officer
He concluded by commenting on the alleged in-
