CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
y
IM
shall serve m the Congress of the United States,
and for two years thereafter."
PiMov ianscr av toscai,oos<í.
Mr. LAWLER, from the select committee on
this subject, reported a bill to provide for paying
certain pensions at Tuscaloosa, in the Stile of Ala-
bama; which was read twice, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading to-monow.
W41S   AND MFANS
Mr RENCHER reported a bill for the relief of
Samuel M'Comb.
CLAIMS.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio reported a bill pro-
viding for paying three companies of militia m the
State of Indiana, called into ¡he service of the
United States
Also, a bill for the relief oí the Louisville Sa-
vings Institution.
Also, Senate bill for the relief of Thomas A.
Smith, with a recommendation that u do not pass.
Mr. CHAMBERS reported a bill for the relief
of Adam Smith.
COMMERCE.
Mr. SMITH reported a bill to define the num.
ber, compensation, and duties of officers ol the
customs.
DISTRICT  OP OMjMBM.
Mr. BOULDIN reported Senate bill, without
amendment, to restrain the circulation of small
notes in the District of Columbia, and for other
purpose?.
Mr JENIFER said he had given notice 10 the
committee that he should offer some amendments
to this bill, one which he ies;arded as of more im-
portance to the interests of the Disti ict than any
other measure that would be brought forwaid tins
session; and he therefore moved that this amend-
ments be printed, and (hat the bill be made the
spae*jal order for Tuesday weelr
Mr. BOULDIN preferred the u-ual course, to
eosimit the bill to a Committee of the Whole on
the state of* the Union
Mr JENIFER, ther waived his motion for the spe-
cial Older, and the bill and proposed amendments
w ere ordered to be printed.
Mr. JENIFQB repotted a bill authorizing the
officers and managers of the Washington Monu-
mental Society to erect a monument to the mcmoiy
of Geo-ge Wdbhington on the public nial!; which
was read twice, and ordered to a thud reading to-
jmoriov.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia reported a bill to
restore the jurisdiction of the United States distuct
court in the noithern district of Alabama.
Also, a resolution declaring it inexpedient to
establish a district court at Tuscaloosa, m the
State of Alabama ; which was concuned in.
RKVOLUTIONANY CLAIMS.
Mr. MUHLENBERG reported a biU for the re-
lief of the heirs of Richard Shute.
Mr. HARPER reported a bill for the relief of
the heirs of Isaac Honeywell.
Mr. A. H. SHEPPERD reponed a bill for the
rebef of the legal íepiesentames of John Mande-
ville, deceased.
Mr. UNDERWOOD repotted Senate bill, una
art amendment, fin  the relief of James Witheral1.
Also Senate bill, with an amendment, lor the re-
lief of the legal repiesentatives of John Jordon,
deseased, late captain in the continental hue ot
artillery officers.
PRIVATE   IjAMJ   CLV1MS
Mr. HARLAN reported the following ícsolu-
t on, which was concurred w
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expedient v
of reporting a bill to repeal or ¡unit the -ihird suc-
tion of the act approved the 2d of Maieh, 1829,
entitled "An act confirming the reports of the Re-
gister and Receiver of the Land Office foi the Dis-
tncfof Saint Stephens, m the State oí Alabama,
and for other purposes."
The CHAIR then announced die special oidrr,
heisg the consideration of the case ot the
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.   •
Mr. BRONSON had heretofore moved the fi 1-
lowing resolution:
Remlved, That Messrs. S. S. Prentiss and T. J.
Word are not members of the S5th Congress, and
aro not entitled to their s ats m the II ou o as such
The question pending b< mg on the motion ol
Mr. Bull, who had moved to amend by sinking
out all after the word "Resolved," and m>erlmg as
foll.ws: "That the resolution of this House of the
3d of October last, declarma that Simoel J. Giiol-
sov and Joiim P. H. Claiborne \\ere duly e'eeted
members of the 25th Congiess, was agleed to with-
out a knowledge of all the facts which were mate-
rial to a conect decision of the quemón presented,
and the same is heiefey rescinded "
Resolved fat ther, That Messrs Plenties ->nd
Word were duly elected membets of the S25lh Con-
gress, from tha State of Mississippi, in November
last, and are entitled to take their seats as such.
Mr FOSTER concluded his remarla m support
of the sitting member, and was folio \ed on the
same side by Mr. PENNYBACKER, «ho, aftei
speaking for some time, gave way to a motion to
adjourn.
Sundry bills from the Senate, 1', i')g on the
Speaker's table, were, on motion of Mr SMITH,
taken up, lead twice, and reieired to the appropri-
ate standing committees.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, at the request, he
said, of one of the members fiom Alabama, moved
a «consideration of the vote bv which Hie adverse
repon for the establishment of a dsli.ct court of
the United Slates at Tuscaloosa had bc\n c meur-
red in;   vluch was agreed to.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
56fe*£
IN SENATE,
TiiDRsmy, January 25, 183S.
Mi. HUBBARD presented the petition of John
McLeran, wh'ch was refened to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the petition of sumliy
inhabitants of Louisiana, remonstrating auau --1 the
confirmation of a claim to land cel'td ih«IIou-
mas claim, referred to the Committee on f ublie
Lands.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition ot T. cimas
Giiffin, heir at law of Corb.n Línífin, pnyinir for
bounty land- Referred to the Committee ,ut licvo-
lulionarv Clpims
Mr TIPTON piesented the petnici of mi idry
eiti/ens of Miami county, Indiana, pi a uu fot the
passage of a ore-emption law ufernd to t he Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky pros' nted two petitions
fri m the merchants of Philadelphia, pi ivmg that an
appropriation may be made for the completion of
the frigate Rantan, now on the stocks íuíeired to
the Committee on Natal Affairs.
Mr ALLEN piesented two petitions, one nsking
the abolition of slavery in the Distiut of Colum-
bia, and signed by thirteen ladies of Oraireltsville,
m Portage county, Ohio, the other, again't ihc an-
nexation of Texas, and signed by f.lieeii eiti/ens
ami fifteen ladies of the same place.
Mr. A said, that these petitions came in a letter
addressed to his friend, the Hon J W <Vti£.s', of
the House ot Representativas, from Ohio, bui that,
as the letlei tequested that the p'tm >ns should be
presented in the Senate, his tuentl of toe other
| Ilouse had Mipposed that the lettPi vis ii,i°nJid
I for himself, (Mr. An i n el the Seean-,) and hid
theiefore h.uided the petitions to him, u,in a re-
quest that he would pieseni them in the Sen Ia
«•- The petition íelative to Tex is was tlun ! u I np—
' on the table, and the motion to re<  ive the other
petition was al'o laid upon the table.
Mr ALLEN aKo presentid a memoi aligned
by Mindry citizens of the couniv of Bcinioii, in
the State of Ohio, and lemarlo'd, that this m mo-
iialcomprehendedthireseveialsiihj"eU <m itigout
of the unquiet slate of on"" relations with the Go
Jj, vernments of Great Britain and Mexico lie sa d
that the memorialists, afl5i, in the hist pl,i™, slat-
ing the circumstances attending the df stiuet'on ot
tlie steamboat Caroline anil the miirdci o' our citi-
zens with n tne Amoiiean jur'si amn, liy a body
of English subjects, acting undei ihe a'.thtni'v tí
British commissioners, pray that our Gov eminent
may accept of no atonement for this outrage from
Ihe British Government, shoit of a surrender to
our tribunals of the guilty persons, to be tr.ed and
punislud accciding to the forms of our law The
memona'ists then proceed to express then hope,
that no law may be pa.sed, and nomeasj)r> s taken
by our Government, to restrain our cit.zens from
interposing, as individuals, m behalf of the pa'ri-
ets ot Canada; and that if any such law exists, it
may be repealed. A statement is then given, by
the memorialists, of what they are informed and
suppose to be the conduct of the British Govern-
ment in reference to the subsisting relations between
this country and Mexico; and they ask that om
Government may take such measures m this mat-
tei, ss may be necessary to sustain the rights, the
honor and the dignity of this nation.
I shall, sn, (said Mr. A.) submit a remark or
two upon but one of the subjects embraced m this
memorial—that of the destruction of the Caroline,
and the slaughter of our citizens on board. It is
due to ourselves to arrest the impression sought to
be made upon the judgment oí the world, that this
outrage is justified, as an act of retaliation, for
like offences charged to hive been previously com-
mit'ed by oui citizens within the British lenitones
ot Canada. The facts authorize no such conclu-
sion. Whatever may hav e been the indiscretion of
some of our citizens in yielding to thos  impulsive
sympathies for the patriots of Cañad i so uatu>al to
om counfymen, yet h is evidert that, as a nation,
we are m tiici-e transact ous more si itied against
thivi sinnu g."
It a few ol our citizens, thoughtless of the d mger
to which then conduct might expose tha neutrality
of their country, have inteiposed in ihe aff-iirs of
Canada, they have done so as individuals, each
man upon Ins own responsibility, without t'nesam-
tion of o ir law, or the authonty of our Govern-
ment. If they have voluntarily withdrawn from
then own country, and placed themselves within the
junsdict on of the British empire, they stand ex-
posed to the penalties of the Cntish Uiv, for any
infraction of its provisions, not as citizens o' the
United States, but as individuals found 'heie, with-
out regaid to the fact of their citizenship ¡n any
paiticular country. As individuals acting seve-
rally beyond the limits and without the autht ri*y of
this Government, ih s Government is not responsi-
ble loi their acts. Government can art upon indi-
viduals no longer than whilst they are within, its
jurisdiction, or employed m its agencies abroad.
In anticipatisn of these movemen's of our c.ti-
¿ ns, whilst jet within out ¡i.nits, our Government
bao taken every precaution uy measure cnt ted h</
the most rigid obi gitions ol neutrality. But on
the oth r ban 1. how stands ilie ease of the destruc-
tion of the Ca'ohne, andtht murder ofom peep's'
Was that the act of niduú/itoíi? No it was theie-
suli of an oiganized authoritative n ovem^nt— a
movement in obedience to the orders of a Brit.sh
C donel, executed, in person, by a Captain < f the
Roy al Navy, with her Majesty's commission in his
pocket. It was a )>«(i?ie act, in violation of neu-
trality, in violation of the public lew of the civilis-
ed vvoild, it was the act of a Government, and
«ill so stand thiotigh all fme, if n teipiessly dis-
owned and ainplya onel loi bv the primary Go-
vernment of England It is to be hoped that it
will be se disowned, «in 1 that ?t<m<ment n>"ds
wnuh jusiue to an injured nation requires.
As m< tiers now stand, the same justice requires
tis not to anticipate the possiuiliU that the present
incumbent o' the Biuish throii" cou'l so fni soil/
he incipientglorns of a vngm reign as f  sanct'on
midnight assassination, committed upon the sleep-
in? citizens of afne idly power, under t.ie co.oi < f
a Brit s'i commission But, m any rictit, I i ouht
not, tht.t the Ameiuan Evecutwc a.II w' j sUf,,
measures in relitim to this ímpoi'ant sahjoct d,
«ill best Cimpott <. ith the iri'eresis, e^ari ate i1-
rvient for the ''. n nq3, mam am t!.' i.g'.'-s, ail
guaid the honor, of theRefubl'e
Mr A then mm ed that thi m 11> it 1 ¿ rtc -
red to the C mimitae in. Forti/" R 'a'ions, v i i i
was íaouü act OidmvOy.
Mr. NILES p esented t ie petit c i i f ,i umn1 < t
of publishers of lliitforl, Conne taei, i- ,i< n fat
ing against the passage  oí  an  lnitrna n ml copy-
right law: refeircd to the Committee on "attn*'
Mr. WILLIAMS presen'ed the rn^morial i f
Seward Portei and otheis, praying for  a beacen
