138
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of Kentucky, Crittenden, Davis, King, Knight,
McKean, Merrick, Niies, Prentiss, Robbins, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Swift,
and Tallmadge.—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clayton, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy,
Hubbard, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Morris, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Tipton, Walker,
White, Williams, Wright, and Young—29.
Mr. YOUNG moved to amend the bill by in-
serting after the word before, the words "the date
of any treaty by which"—the effect of which was
to include pre-emptions where the land was settled
before the date of the treat\ extinguish™!? the In-
dian title. This amendment vas lost without a di-
\ision.
The question then recuixed on the amendment of
Mr. WHITEJ, which was also taken by yeas and
nays, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 36,
navs 10, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Alien, Bajard, Buchanan, Cal-
houn,Clay ofKy Clayton,Cnttenden,Cuthbert, Da-
vis, Grundy, Hubbard,Knight,Lmn, Lumpkin, Mc
Kean, Merrick, Morris, Mouton, Nicholas, Nilos,
Pierce, Prentiss, Roanp. Robbins, Ruggles, Sevier,
Smith, of Conn. Smith, of Indiana, Southard,
Spence, Strange, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, White
and Williams—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Clay,, of Alabama,
Pulton, King, Lyon, Norvel', Robmson, Walker,
Wright and Young—10.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT ATIVES,
Friday, January 26, 1838.
The first business iii order was the motion of Mr.
GARLAND of Virginia, to reconsider the adverse
report on the establishment of a district court of the
United States, at Tuscaloosa, Alabama. The re-
port was reconsidered, and
On motion of Mr. LAWLER,
The subject was committed to the Committee on the
Judiciary,Mr L intimating that his desne was to
name some other point for the consideration of the
Commitlee
Mr. RARIDEN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Joseph Stafford and the other heirs at law of
Joseph Stafford of the revolutionary line of New
Hampshne.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS
Mr RAIRDSN asked leave to offei the follow-
ing resolution, which im< read
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to furnish
such members of the present House of Represen-
tatives as have not received the same under former
orders with the following books, to be paid for out
of the contingent fund of this House, being such
as have been supplied to members of the last and
preceding Congress, vi7
The Diplomatic Correspondence, The Documen-
tary History of the Revolution, The Land Laws,
American State Papers, Register of Debates, Con-
tested Elections, and Commercial Regulatu ns,
Elliott's Deba.cs, and Elliott's Diplomatic Code—
But no hing herein contained shall be construed
to authonze the reprinting of either ot the above
works.
Objection being made—
Mr. R. moved a suspension of the rule, which
was agreed to—yeas 129, nays not counted.
Mr. CUSHMAN ca'led for the yeas and nays
on agiesing to the resolution, which were ordered
Mr HAYNES thought that some oí these books
had never been furnished to oid members.
Mr McKAY would be glad to know from the
gentleman who offered this resolution, if there was
not a proviso attached to the bill making appro-
pi lations for the contingent expenses, expiesslv
prohibiting any portion of the expenditure to be
made therefrom, except for the ordinary purposes
of the House If that be the case, this resolution was
not m order, because it would be necessary to
make a new appropriation, which must be consi-
dered in Committee of the Whole.
In reference to the merits of the resolution, he
said it was a practice which, if not put a stop to,
would form an indefinite claim upon the Treasury,
for there would always be new members, and they
would claim copies of all the books ever given to
members of old Congresses. He was not prepared
to say what expense this resolution involved.but he
supposed somewhere about about forty or fifty
thousand dollars.
Mr. BRIGGS understanding that it had never
been given to members before, moved to strike out
"Elliott's Diplomatic Code "
Mr. RARIDEN only desired to Include the same
books given heretofore ro the old members.
Mr. EVERETT thought that book had been one
of the number
Mr. McKAY adverted to the Documentary His-
tory as represented to have been supplied to former
members, which was not the case, for not a single
copy had been furnished to them The resolution,
therefore, stated whpt, m point of fact, was not
true.
Mr TILLINGHAST contended that, if the re-
solution embraced the same books heretofore order-
ed, it was not material whether the books had been
received or not It was but right and fair that the
new members should be placed on the same foot-
ing as the old. If it was proper for the nation to
fuinish books to its legislators, it was only right
that all should be furmsned equa'ly, and if there
wa^ iny difference, it should be in favor of the
new members, who might be supposed to be more
in want of them than the old.
Mr. BRIGGS, understanding that the "Diploma-
tic Code" was included in the former resolution,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. RARIDEN sent to the Clerk's table a reso-
lution including that work, but, on referring to the
proceedings of the House upon it, it appears to
have laid on the table.
Mi. BRIGGS therefore renewed his amend-
ment.
Mr. BRONSON, j  reply to Mr. McKAY, re-
marked that the contingent appropriation bill had
not been passed, and therefore they were not tied
up by the proviso alluded to
Mi CAMBRELENG apprehended his colleague
was mistaken if he thought the pioviso would not
be passpd by the House, unless the present Con-
gress differed veiy essentially in opinion from the
two former Congresses. It had been inva-
riably introduced into each bill for the last
four vears, and was designed to correct what
Mr C. considered a growing abuse, of paying
matters entirely foreign to it out of the contingent
fund The same proviso wa^ in the bill reported
this session, and he believed would be again sanc-
tioned by the House. Whether the books were
purchased or not, he did hope that appropriations
of this character would not be charged upon the
contingent fund of the House, by which it had
been enormously increasing, from year to year, by
the action of the House itself If this appropriation
■  ere made, let it be done by law in the usual way.
Mr BOND expressed his surprise that the House
should suspend its rules, and set aside all its busi-
ness, for the purpose of corsidenng a resolution of
tins kind, a rex>'ution looking alone to the personal
benefit of the membeis He strenuously opposed
the measure, and asked if the House was aware of
the expense it involved' When the former resolu-
tion was under consideration, he recollected that a
then member trom Tennessee, (Mr. Cave Johnson,)
made a calculation demonstrating that it was about
one thousand dollars to each member, in the aggre-
gate upwards of one hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. B. insisted that they had no right, in the pre-
sent exhausted state of the Treasury, thus to give
to themselves the people's mone}, and if Congress
had committed a mistake originally, they ought to
correct it.
Mr BOON had voted against this project ori-
ginally, but having leceived the books under the
former resolution, he thought it would hardly be
fair to withhold that from the new members which
he had once received the benefit of He thought,
however, it ought to be restricted to the present
members, those now in the seats or otherwise, in
case of death or vacancy, several copies might
be furnished for the repiesentation of a single
district
On the subject of an exhausted or bankrupt trea-
sury, which had been brought into review, Mr.
B. trusted that those who had voted for the suspen-
sión of the fourth instalment of deposite with the
States would not be again questioned for it, when
they were now told (by Mr. Bond) by those who
complained of that suspension, that the Treasury
was absolutely bankrupt, for ¡f such was its condi-
tion, there was nothing to pay it with.
Mr. B. added that he would move an amend-
ment to the effect he had indicated.
The CHAIR remarked that it would not be in
order till the pending amendment had been dis-
posed of.
Mr. RARIDEN inquired of Mr Boyd, if under
tfie influence of the opinions he had expressed, he
had allowed himself to accept the books ordered
under the former resolutions of the House.
Mr. BOND would state fiankly, that the books
having been sent to his lodgings, he had sent them
home, and should da so again, Unless under some
general order to return them, which he should
willingly yield obedience to; still he was opposed
to the principle, always had been, and should con-
tinue to be so
Mr. RARIDEN had, to the best of his belief, in-
serted no book in the resolution which had not been
ordered before.
Mr. TILLINGHAST was m favor of equality
in regard to sources of information furnished at
the public expense. He held it to be for the interest
of the constituents that the representatives should
be in possession of the acts and doings of the Go-
vernment at all periods.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky, sent the follow-
ing amendment to the table, giving notice that he
should move it when the present amendment was
disposed of.
Resolved, That the late members of the House of
Representatives of the 23d and 24th Congress, who
have received, or are entitled to receive books, un-
der the resolutions of the 23d and 24th Congress,
are hereby directed and required to place them
in the Library of Congress for the use of their
successors, who shall have the right to use them
whilst members, and during the sessions of Con-
gress, and who shall replace them in the Library
for the use of their successors, and said books shall
be thus kept for the use of .the members of the
House of Representatives, and to be used and re-
placed in the Libiary of Congress from time to
time as aforesaid. [The books were named m the
amendment.]
Mr McKAY raised the question of order, that
this resolution, involving a distinct appropriation
of money, should be committed to a Committee of
the Whole House.
The CHAIR ruled against the point, but siid
that it might be used as an argument to the House.
Mr. McKAY contended that no proposition for
paying money could be authorized without being
committed. The fact of the contingent bill not
being passed, rather strengthened his point.
Mr. McK's remarks were interrupted by the
special order, being the case of ¡he
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION
The House then resumed the consideration of
the Mississippi Election case, the question pending
being as follows                                                     &
Mr. BRONSON moved the following resolution-
Resolved, That Messrs. S. S. Prentiss and T J
Word are not members of the 25th Congress and
are not entitled to then seats m the House as such
The question pending being on the motion of Mr.
Bell, who on yesterday moved to amend by stnkm^
out allihe word «Retailed  and inserting as follows"
'That the resolution of this House of the 3d October
last, declaring that Samuel J. Gholsov and John
F H CiAiuoRNE were duly elected mem-
bers of the 25'h Congress, was agreed to without a
knowledge of all the facts wlnOi were material to a
correct decision of the question presented, and the
same is hereby rescinded "
Resolved, father, That Messrs. Prentiss md
Word were duly elected members of the 25th Con-
gress from the State of Mississippi, m November
last, and are entitled to take their seats as such
Mr. PENNYBACKER resumed and concluded
