14í)
CONGRESSfOGSTAL GLOBE.
not prepared himself lo say, conclusively, what
might be Ins opinion on that subject His atten-
tion, he said, had not for some time past been di-
rected to such questions, ami, without giving an
opinion, be threw out the suggestion for the consi-
deration of the Senator from Massachusetts.
At all events, though he had not given due con-
sideration to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, he trusted that it would not be in-
corporated into a bill intended to secure their
homes and improvement  to the meritorious and
itidusiiious cultivators of the pubhc domain. If
the Senator believed that a provision of this nature
was impoitant, he hop>xl that he would latroduce
it m a separate bill, and he, for one, pledged him-
self to give it the most attentive consideration
There seemed to him, however, to be no such gieat
difficulty about the matter These cases were or-
dinarily determined here, m the last resort, b? the
Commiss.oner of the General Land Office, with the
a d of the So'icitoi of that Department, and with a
reference, m cases oíd faculty, to the Attorney Ge-
neral ¡N't gre?t compiamts of this mode of deci-
-101 hnd evei been made, at least, verv few, Mr
C. said, m his Su'e. Whenever difficulties oc-
curied, the practice of the Commissions of the
Geneial Land Office was to suspend the decision
till a report was had from the local land office, and
all the parties were fully heard on the subject
Then the Commissioner, who has for some years
past been a lawyer, and certainly always ought to
be, decides with the assistance of the best legal
counsel.
This mode of decision, Mr C believed, had
generally given satisfaction, was the most conveni-
ent to the parties, and attended with little expense
Mr C concluded by repeating the hope that the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
Would be brought forwaid in a distinct form, and
not permitted to embairass a measure of such im-
portance as the present, and one which Mr C
wished determined on its own merits If sent to
the committee to which he belonged, it would re-
ceive the most prompt and attentive cons>d*ration,
and be decided on by the Senate with reference to
its own intrinsic mentí,.
Mr. WEBSTER did not propose to offer any
amendment, nor did he intend to bring in any bill,
but he believed that before another} ear parsed,
they would be called on to create a nen tribunal
to settle these conflicting ¡and cases, and the course
he suqges'eJ was to obviate the difficulty by what
seemed to him the easiest mode Now, as these
questions wou'd arise under the laws of the Un tod
States, he supposed there was no doubt of the pow-
er of Congress to g«e the United States courts ju-
risdiction over them This hid been done in
many ca^es, and Mr. W cited the jun^cLct on gi-
ven to the United States comts in cases arising
out oí the collection of the customs.
Mr WALKER concurred with the Senator
from Massachusetts m some of the views expressed
by him, but, at the same time, thought it would be
better to have another bill on the subject referred
to the approprate committre He himself, if no
other Senator did, wo ild br ig th  vbie"t bp'bre
the Senate He had no doubt of tpe po ver of
Congress to give to the courts of the United States
jurisdiction over all cases arising undpr the laws
or Constitution of the United States, and any cases
involving a construction of a statute of the United
States, or at least involving a title to property de-
rived from the public domain under a law of Con-
gress. As at present advised, he should have no
objection to a resolution directing the Judiciary
Committee to bring in a bill to permit the parties to
resort to the courts of the United States at once,
instead of first going to the State courts and then
coming by appeal to the Supreme Court He
thought, however, the matter was one of importance
and great delicacy, and should be provided for in a
separate bill
Mr YOUNGobseived that the pioposi'ion of the
Senator from Massachusetts wou'd necessari'y in-
volve an expense that n ould be ruinous He con-
sidered íhat all the parties wire well prolec'ed as
the law now was. The register of the local land
office first decided on the claim, and if the parties
were dissatisfied, they applied to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, who had the opinion
of the Attorney General to aid him m making up
his decision. Now he would ask if the parties
were not as well protected by this mode of decision,
as if t.iey resoited to the circuit or district courts;
and an appeal to the Supreme Court he looked
upon as involving an expense too great to be borne
in most of the cases' He recollected a case men-
tioned to him by the late Senator Kane—a case in-
volving the value of a single slave—cost, by being
carried up to the Supreme Court, upwards of five
hundred dollars.
Mr CRITTENDEN, after some remarks at
considerable length, m which he commented on
the frauds alleged to hava been practised under the
prp-emption. laws, submitted ?n amendment to de-
fine more accurately the settlement and cultivation
necessary to acquire a right to a pre-emption. Mr.
C's amendment was to strike out that part of the
bill relating tp settlement and cultivation, and to in-
sert, m lieu thereof, the following- "by actual resi-
dence thereon, on or before the 1st day of Decem-
ber, 1837, and the cultivation o{ at least one acre in
corn, and continued residence and cultivation to
this time "
Mr. WALKER had no objection to defining
more accurately the habitation and cultivation, but
he hoped the gentleman would not confine the cul-
tivation to corn, as that would exclude a great
many meritorious cultivators who did not grow
that article
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he had named corn
particularly, because the bill professing to provide
for the poor man, who cultivated the soil for the
support of his family, this kind of gram n ould
embrace the cultivation of all persons of that class
The very first thing a poor man naturally, did if he
intended a bona fide settlement, was, after building
his cabin, to plant corn for the support of his
family This seemed so consistent with the natu-
ral course of conduct of a bona fide settler in a
new country, that m the first laws passed by the
Legislature of Viigima for the benefit of that class
of persons, the previous plan'mg and cultivation
of corn Was made an indispensable requisition to "
obtain a t.tle to the land
Mr. WALKER contended that it would be invi-
dious to require that m all the States of the Union
the cultivaron suited to Virg'nia should be the in
dispensable prerequisite to the acquiring a right t"
a p^e emptioii He hoped the gentleman would
not adheie to this bianeh of the amendment Let
h,ii go (said Mi W ) to tne banks of the Missis-
sippi, and he v,ill find hundred  of settlers who
plant cotton the very first year, and buy all their
com from the constituents of the gentleman. In
Lou'Siana, Arkansas, and Mississippi, the-settler
will plant his twenty and thirty acres of cotton and
not o"t grdin of corn, and whj i Because in some
year> cotton boi e such pr.ces that it was considered
most lucrative to grow nothing-ehe. He submitted
to the gentleman from Kentucky whether it would
not be most for the mteiest of his constituents to
leave the matter of cultivation to the settler him-
self, and let him, if he finds it to his interest, buy
his com
Mr CLAY of Alabama suj-geated to the Sena-
for from Kentucky, who he no doubt had only m
view the defining more strictly an actual settle-
ment and cultivation, to modify his amendment by
staking out "corn," leaving the nature of the cul-
tivation to be determined by the land office. As
the Senator fioni Mississippi had remarked, it
would be extremely haid to confine the cultivation
to com, as many cultivatois bought all they used,
though he (Mr C ) legarded it as a very injudi-
cious way of farming, and one that no doubt re-
sulted very much to the advantage of the con-
stituents of the gent'eman from Kentucky, as there
were times when every busnel of corn carried
down the Mississippi was worth from a dollar to a
dollar and. sixty-fit e cents per bushel
Mr. CRITTENDEN then modified his amend-
ment by adding "wheat and cotton."
Mr, KING intended to hai e voted for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky without going
further The general term of "corn" included
wheat and all other small grain as much as it did
"Indian corn,'' and he was perfectly satisfied with
thus designation of the degree of cultivation ieouired.
He knew of no instance himself where a poor man
made a settlement that he did not plant Iadjaa
* corn the first year. Mr. K. beheved that many
frauds had been practiced under the old la.w by in-
dividuals obtaining their pre-emptions wittarat suf-
ficient cultivation, and that they ought, mttie pre«-
senrone, to define the degree of requisite coltt«a-
tion so clearly as t  admit of no doubt His ob-
ject was, in good faith, to give tomen who settled
on the public domain their homes, and their little
improvements, to enable tftem to support their fami-
lies, and further than that he was not willing to go.
He was not willing by any loose or indefinite phra-
seology to enable persons to go through thecontKry
and take up the best lands under a pre-emption for
the purpose of selling to others at a profit; His
object was to benefit the honest, .industrious settler
and cultivator only, and he wisned it to besoclear-
ly expressed in the bill
Mr. WALKER said it might be true that corn
was raised m Alabama, but he hoped they would
not on that account seek to deprive settlers in other
States from raising such crops as they conceived
most advantageous. He was well aware that,
high up the streams ux that State where gentlemen
lived, they were obliged to raise corn, because they
could not purchase it from the surrounding coun-
try. But he had known repeated instances in Mis-
sissippi, where settlers had planted cotton the first
year, and purchased their corn. Because the
course pursued in Alabama ¡varied from that of
Mississippi, would" it be right to compel her settlers
to adopt jt? If jihe amendment prevailed, it would
exclude so large a portion, of settlers in his State as
would compel him to vote against the bill
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky observed, that he now
learned with regret, that in many pafts of Missis-
sippi they d.d not raise corn. Now be would ad-
vise them to do it at once, for of all the btessmgs
which Providence had conferred upon man, he
looked upon this as the greatest. Bat the great
object of his friend and colleague in limiting the
cultivation to corn was the facility of its culture,
and the abundance of its ¡ ield, m the new and fer-
tile lands of the West, rendering it tne most natu-
ral crop for a poor man to begin with This re-
minded him of a glowing account given by an old
friend ofhis,ofoneof fhegie^t gram counties of Ken-
tucky. His friend described the land a* producing
twenty barrels of com to the acre, with pUm ng
and cultivation together. If planted only without
ploughing, he saidit would produce ten, bat if it
was neither planted nor ploughed, it would yield a
very tolerable cropof five barrels to the acre This,
however, was no fiction, for he had seen with his
own eyes, as good a-crop of corn growing in a field
where there had been neither planting nor plough-
ing, as was to be found in a great numDer of the
cornfields on both sides of the Potomac He must
explain, Mr C. said, how this hapnened, or incur
the imputation of having told what was incredible.
The com was growing in an enclosed field, where
cattle had b en fed, and sprang up from the gram
wasted by them in feeding Wi h respect to. the
mode of cultivation to be provided for « tne bi 1,
he did not appiove of limiting it to corn. He thought
the cultivation ought to include small gram, a* well
as cotton and sugar cane.
Mr. LYON suggested the addition of potatoes,
an esculent vegetable, and verj much relied on in
Michigan
Mr BENTON said he was opposed to the
amendments proposed by the Se.iator frora Ken-
tucky, (Mr Crittenden,) and shou'd notice them
before-he sat down His first object was tp repel
the imputation of fraud which had been so .indus-
triously lavished upon western settlers. He denied,
out and out, the lustice of this iroputat on He
denied, out and on', the truth of these stale fabri-
cations, generally invented by speculators, and
worn threadbare forty years ago. The story of the
catnip seed—of com in. a spring of water for the
spring of the year—of Johnny Black and Bjlly
Black, meaning negroes—with all the rest of such
stones with which the Senate had been entertained
on former occasions, were all inventions to preju-
dice the settlers of the new countrjes. He Knew
those settkrs well.   He ..went among thess in Ten-
