144

would he excluded, who were equally entitled to
the benefits intended by the bill.
After some further remarks by Mr. CRITTEN-
DEN, the question was taken on Mr. Crittenden's
amendment, and it was agreed to—yeas 26, nays
21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Brown, Calhoun, Clay
of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, King,
Knight, McKean, Merrick, Morris, Nicholas,
Niles, Pierce, Prentiss, Prepon, Roane, Robbins,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Spence, Swift, Tallmadge, and Webster.—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hubbard, Linn,
Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Norvell, Rives, Robin-
son, Sevier, Tipton, Walker, White, Williams,
Wright, and Young—21.
Mr. BAYARD then submitted an amendment,
requiring that this act shall be construed in con-
formity with the rules which have been prescribed
by the Commissioner of the General Land OfSee,
under the former pre-emption law.
Mr. KING said that this amendment would
produce some difficulty, as the set of rules first pre-
scribed by by the General Land Office having been
found, on practice, defective, had been set aside,
and new ones established, which worked well, and
were in prese'it use.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama suggested a modification
of the amendment, so as to require the act to be con-
strued m conformity with such rules as have been
prescribed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and are new m force; which modifica-
tion was accepted by Mr. Bayard.
Mr. BENTON expressed himself as entirely op-
posed to such a proceeding. The rules were infi-
nitely more voluminous than the bill, and might
t?nd to embarrass its provisions; and beside?, he
was averse to legislating official rules into a law.
Mr. KING also opposed the amendment, after
which
Mr. BAYARD moved to postpone the further
consideration of the bill till Monday, in order to
give members time to look into the rules of the
General Land Office, with regard to the construc-
tion ef the pre-emption laws.
The question being taken on the motion to post-
pone, it was lost—yeas 23, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky.Clayton, Crittenden, Davis,Knighf,MeKean,
Merrick, Morris, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Rob-
bins, Rugglcs, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence,
Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, and Webster—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Eucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Hub-
bard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton,
Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Rives, Robin-
son, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Walker,
White, Wright, and Young—25.
Mr. BAYARD then modified hts amendment so
as to read as follows:
Insert after land, in the fourteenth line, "and that
prior to any entries being made under the privileges
given by this act, proof of settlement or improve-
ment shall be made to the satisfaction of the Re-
gister and Receiver of the Land District in ulnch
.such lands may be, agreeably k> the rules _n Inch
have been prescribed by the Commissioner ot the
General Land Office for that purpose, and arc now
in force."
Mr. MORRIS then moved an adjournment;
which was carried by a vote of 30 to 17.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, January 27, 1838.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Louisiana, renewed his ap-
p'ication to submit a resolution instructing the
Committee on Private Land Claims to inquire
whether any, and if any what, further provisions
ought to be made by law for the final settlement
and legal decision of claims for land, but it «fas un-
successful.
Reports from the committees were then called
for.
PRIVATE  LAND  CLAIMS.
Mr. HARLAN reported a bill for the relief of
George Rowe.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, reported a
bill to authorize the settlement with George Fisher,
for property drstroyed by the troops of the United
States.
MILITARY AFFAIRS.
Mr. McKAY reported a bill for the relief of Ro
ger Jones, Adjutant General of the Army.
Also a resolution authorizing the Committee on
Military Affairs; mease they should find it neces-
sary to the performance of their duties, to send for
persons and papers, which was concurred in.
NAVAL AFFAIRS.
Mr. INGHAM reported a bill for the relief of
Robert Ramsey.
Also, a bill for the relief of Ezekiel Jones.
Also, a bill to amend the act of 1835, to regulate
the pay of the navy of the United States. "
Mr. GRANTLAND reported a bill for the re-
lief of Elizabeth Champney.
FOREION AFFAIRS.
Mr. HOWARD reported a bill for the relief of
Charles G. Ridgley.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. MALLORY reported a bill for the relief of
Barton Hooper.
COMMERCE.
Mr. WORTHINGTON reported a bill esta-
blishing certain collection districts and creating
ports of entry therein.
REVOLUTIONARY   CT.tlMS.
Mr. CRAIG reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Dr. Samuel Kennedy.   '
Mr. GRENNELL moved a suspension  of the
rule for the purpose of submitting a motion to print
some extra copies of the report of the Superinten-
dent of the Patent Office; but the House refused.
DISTRIBUTION OF BOOKS.
The House then took up the unfinished business
of the morning hour, being the following resolu-
tion, submitted on yesterday by Mr Rariden:
Resolved, That the Clerk be directed to furnish
such members of the present House of Represen-
tatives as have not received the same under former
orders with the following books, to be paid for out
of the contingent fund of this House, being such
as have been supplied to members of the last and
preceding Congress, vi¿:
The Diplomatic Correspondence, The Documen-
tary History of the Revolution, The Land Laws,
American State Papers, Register of Debates, Con-
tested Elections, and Commercial Regulations,
Elliott's Debates, and Elliott's Diplomatic Code—
But nothing herein contained shall be construed
to authorize the reprinting of eiiher of the above
works.
Mr. BRIGGS had moved to stake from the
above "The Diplomatic Code "
Mr. RARIDEN accepted this as a modification
of his resolution.
Mr. BRIGGS then moved to amend the resolu-
tion by inserting after the word "orders" the follow-
ing: "and who shall in writing notify the Clerk of
their wish to receive them."
Mr. RARIDEN accepted of this also, as a modi-
fication of his resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of Kentucky, then moved to
strike out all after the word "resolved," ¡n the origi-
nal resolution, and insert the following:
Resolved, That the late members of the House of
Representatives of the 23d and 24th Congress, who
have received, or are entitled to receive books, un-
der the resolutions of the 23d and 24th Congress,
are hereby directed and required to place them
in the Library of Congress for the use of their
successors, who shall have the right to use them
whilst members, and during the sessions of Con-
gress, and who shall replace them in the Library
for the use of their successors; and said books shall
be.thus kept for the use of the members of the
House of Representatives, ard to be used and re-
placed in the Library of Congress from time to
time as aforesaid. [The books were named in the
amendment.]
Mr. BRONSON would inquire of the gentlerran
from Kentucky if he was aware of any authority
to enforce obedience to the mandates of the resolu-
tion, in case it was adopted by the House?
Mr. WILLIAMS presumed if the House had
authority to appoint committees with power to
send for peigons and papers, that it would have
power to enforce obedience to á resolution of this
kind.
Mr. BRONSON replied, that if the gentleman
knew of any authority by which the resolution
could M enforced, he would give it bis support.
%£i;jf},LLtAM§ had no doubt but that there
was an^ajfthorify in the House to enforce ihe reso-
lution; BÚ10efsupposed that, if this resolution was
sbl«rxmry '.adopted by the House, there" 'was no
member' of the Twenty-third or Twenty-fourth
Congress who had received the books that would
retain them;
Mr. BRIGGS could inform the gentleman from
Kentucky of one member of that Congress who
would retain them.
Mr. WILLIAMS had only to say, then, that he
diJ not think any member ought to retain them,
after a resolution of, this kind should be adopted.
He had no idea of an appropriation of this kind
being made indirectly, through the means of the
contingent fund of the House. If members of Con-
gress did not receive a sufficient compensation for
their services, let them say so. If eight dollars
a day was insufficient, let their per diem
be increased hy a direct appropriation; but
do not be charging the Governaient with
six ot eight hundred dollars for each mem-
ber, in the shape of books. It was, in fact,
but an increase of the salary of the members,
so far as the United States was concerned, although
they, the members, derived but little benefit from
it. He ha/f,understood that these books had fre-
quently been sold here by members of Congress at
one-fourth the price which the Government had
paid for them. He was credibly informed that the
American State Papers, which cost the Govern-
ment from twelve to fifteen dollars per volu ne,
had been sold here for two dollars a volume.
He thought it entirely improper that the money
of the Government should be expended
in this way, and he hoped, if it was
necessary, that the information which these
"works csntained should be furnished the new
members of Congress, that th« resolution he pro-
posed should be adopted, so that the works might
be retained here in the library of Congress, so
that one set for each member might always be at
hand. He had received the books which had been
furnished heretofore, but he had received them
upon the principle that General Jackson accepted
of a second nomination to the office of President.
He should now, however, yield up those works for
the benefit of his successors, in case the resolution
he had moved was adopted. He trusted, therefore,
that the House would see the propriety of adopting
h;s amendment.
Mr. RARIDEN was sorry that the gentleman
from Kentucky had seen proper to move to strike
out his resolution for the purpose of moving the
amendment which had been moved. It seemed to
him that his resolution, as he had modified it at
the suggestion of the genileman from Massachu-
setfs, would prove satisfactory to a majority of the
House. He (Mr. R.) conscientiously desired to
have these works, but he did not desire to force
them upon those who had any conscientious scru-
ples about receiving them; therefore he had ac-
cepted of the modification of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, so as to make it necessary for
every gentleman who wished to have the books, to
notify the Clerk of the same. Mr. R. then slightly
modified his resolution further, and urged upon the
House the propriety of adopting it.
Mr. MERCER then went into a detail of the de-
scription of books which Congress had heretofore
seen proper to order to be printed for the informa-
tion of members of Congress and the public.
Mr. MORGAN moved the previous question
which was seconded by the House.                        '
Mr. BOND called for the yeas and nays on or-
dering the main question, but the House refused to
order them, and the main question was ordered to
be put without a division.
Mr. BOND then called for the yeas and nays on
the main question, which was on the adoption, of the
original resolution, as modified by the mover, which
were ordered,„an4 were—yeas 113, nays 71,
So the resolution was, agreed to.
