146
I   I,      „     -   I        |                          !             !               Ill"         I        ----------
consider, which were ordered, and were—yeas 121,
nays 82, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs Anderson, Andrews, Atherton, Beatty,
Bsirae, llicknell, Birdsall, Boon Bouldin, Brodhead, Bronson,
Bruys, Buchanan, Bynum, John Calhoon, Cambreleng, Timo
thy J Carter, Casey, Chambers, Chaney, Chapman, ClHey,
Cleveland, C owney, Coffin Coles Cunnoi, Craig Crary,
Cushman, Dawson, Davee, Dennis, Duncan, Mwards, Elmore,
Partington, I airfiud, Foster, Frv, Gallup, Gholson Glascock
James Graham, Granlland, Grant, Gray, Griffin, Haley,
Hammond, Harrison, Hawes Haynes, Holsey, Holt, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubley, Ingham, Thomas B Jackson, Jabez Jack
son, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jones,
Kembla, Klingensmith, Lawíer, Legare, I.ewis, Logan, Loo
mis, Lyon, James M Mason, Martin, McKay, Robert
McClellan, Abraham McCIellan, McKim, Miller, Montgo
m°ry, Moore, Morgan, Samuel W Moms, Muhlenberg,
Nobl , Owem, Palmer, Parker Parmenter, Patton, Paynter,
Pennyhacker, Petrikin Phelps, Pickens, Plumer Potter,
Pratt, Prentis , Rencher, llhett, Richardson, Shields, <3h~p
lor Sm'th, Southgate, Spencei, Stewart Stone, Taylor, Titus,
To icey, Turney, Vail, Vanden eer, Waeener, Weeks, lohn
White, Jared W Williams, Joseph L Williams, Worthing
ton and Yell—1¿1
NAYS—Wes rs Adims, Alexander, Heman Ulen, Aycngg,
Bell, Bond, Borden, Briggs, William B Calhoun, William
B Campbell, Cheatham, Childs, Corwin, Cranston, Crockett,
Curtis, Darlmgion, Davies, Deberry, Dunn, Evans, Everett,
Ewmg, Richard Fletcher, Fillmore, James Garland, Rice Gar
land, Goode, Graham, Graves, Grennell, Hall, íJalstead, Har
Jan, Harper, Hastings, Hemy, Herod, HolFman, Robert
M T Hunter, Daniel Jenifer, William Cost Johnson,
Lineo a, Malloiy, Marvin, Samson Mason, Maury, Maxwell,
McKennan Vieicer, Milligan, Mitchell,MathiasMoiris, Calvary
Morns, Noes, Ogle, Patterson, Pearce, Potts Randen, Ran
dolph, Reed Ridgway, Robertson, Rumaey, Uussell-Augustnie
H ibhephetl, Sibley, Stanly, Stratton, lahaferio, Tillmghast,
Toland, Underwood, Webstei, Albert S V> hite, Elikha Whit
tlesey, Sherrod Williams, Christopher H Williams,Wise, and
Yorke~82
So the House resolving to reconsidei the vote,
the question recurred upon the motion to lay the
memorial on the table, on which,
Mr FILLMORE asked for the yeas and nay,
which were ordeied, and were—yeas 123,nays 86,
as follows.
YCAS—Messrs Arderson Andrews, Atherton,Beatty, Beirne,
Bicknell Birdsall, Boon, Bouldin, Brodhead, Bion&on, Bruyn,
Buchanan, Bynum, John Calhoon, Cambielen^,, Timothy Í
Carter, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Cilley Cleveland, Gkmney,
Coles, Connor, Craig, Craiy, Gushman, Dawson, Datee, Den
ms, Dromgoole, Duncan Edwards Elmore, Fainrgton, Tair
field Richard Fletcher, Foster, Fry, Gallup, Gholson, Glas
cock, I Graham, Giantland, Grant, Griffin Haley, Hammond,
Harrison, Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Boise), Holt, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubley, Thomas B Jack«on, Jabcz Jackson, Joseph
Johnson, N tones, J W Jones, Kemble, Klmgensmiih I aw
ler, Legare, Lewis, Logan, Loomi", I yon, James M Maoon,
Martm, May McKiy, Robeit McClellan, Abraham McCellm,
McClure, MeKim, Miller, Montgomery Moore, Morgan, S W
Morris, Muhlenberg, Noble, Owens, Palmer, Parker, Parmen
ter, Pat on Payntei, Peun> backer, Petrlken, Phelp", Pickens,
Plumer Potter, Pratt, Prentiss Rencher, Rhett, Richanlbon
Rives, Sawyei, Shield" Sheplor, Smith, Sou haite, Sptnrer,
Stewart, Stone, Tayloi, '1 itus, Toucey, Tuiney Vail, Vander
Ycer Wagcnti, Webster, Week*, Jired W Williams, Jos L
Williams, Woithington, and Yell—123                "
NAYS—Me^rs Adams, Alexander, neman Allen, Aycrigt?,
Bell, Biddle, Bond, Borden, Buggs, William B Calhoun, Wil
liam B Campbell, Will am B Carter, Chambers, Cheatham,
Childs Corwin, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Darlington, Da
ipes, DtAierry, Dunn, Evans, Everett, Ewing, Tillmoie, Rice
Garland, Goode, William Graham, Grennell, Hall, Halstead,
Harlan, Harper Hastings, Henry Herod, Ogden HofT
man, Robert M T Hunter, William Cost Johnson,
Lincoln, Mal'ory, Marvin, Samson Mason, Maury, Maxwell,
McKennan, MPttftfee Mercer, Milligan, Mitchell, Mathias Mor
ris, Calvary Morns, Noyes, Ogle, Patterson, Pearce, Potts,
Randen, Randolph, Reed, Ridgway, Robertson, Rumsey, Rus
se'l, A H fehopperd, Charlee Shepard, Sibley, Blade, Stanly,
Stratton Taliafeiro, Tillmghast, Toland Underwood A S
Whi'e John White, Elisha Whittlesey, Lewis Williams Sher
rod William*   Christopher H Williams, Wise, and \ orke—8b
So the memorial was laid on the table.
Petition^ and memorials were then called iox m
the order of Sfa'es and Territories, and were pre-
sented by
Messrs EVANS, FAIRFIELD, CARTER,
ANDERSON, SMITH, CILLEY, DAVEE, and
NOYES, of Maine.
[Mr Smith presented the petition of the citizens
of Pertland, Mame, in favor of a general bank-
rupt law. Also, of Samuel Goldsbury. Also, of
Henry R Stickney ]
At the hour of 1 o'clock the CHAIR announced
the special order, being the case of the Mississippi
Election.
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts moved a sus-
pension ofthe rules, for the purpose of continuing
1he presentation of petitions, and the motion being
taken by tellers, was decided m the negative, ajes
105,  a>s 71, not two-thirds.
The House accordingly resumed the considera-
tion of the
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The question pending being as follows-
Mr. BRONSON moved the following resolution-
Resolved, That Messrs. S, S. Premiss m^ T, ),
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Word are nol members of the 25th Congress, an 1
are not entitled to their seats m the House as su< h
The question pending being en the motion
of Mr. Bell, who had .-noved to ameBd bv
striking out all after the word " Resolved," and
insermg as follows "That the resolution of this
House of the 3d of October last, declaring that
Sjmufl .T. Gholsov and John F. H. Claibornf
were duly elected members of the 25th Congress,
was agreed to without a knowledge of all the tacts
which were material to a correct decit-ion ot i he
question presented, and the same is hereby re-
scinded "
Resolved further, That Messrs Prentiss a id
Word were duly elected members of the 25th Con-
gress, from the State of Misssippi, in November
last, and are entitled to take their seats as such.
Mr BRONSON, who was entitled to the floor,
proceeded with his remarks, and replied to the ar-
guments of one of the applicants for a seat on the
floor (Mr Prentiss) m relation to the decision ot
the last session of Congress as being ex parte,
and contended that that decision was decisive
on the question, and must be binding Mr
B. went into an examination of the meaning of the
words ex paite, and contended that the decision ut
the House at toe extra session was not ex paite,
there being discussion, and evidence produced on
both sides if the question, and, m his opinion, it
would he unjust to reverse that decision, because
the sitting members had asserted on the floor ofthe
House, tint if it decided in their favor, that they
would not be candidates m the canvass then going
on m Miss'ssippi The whole facts of the case were
laid before the House at the extra session, and the
matter was therefore fully discussed, so that there
could be no mistake in relation to the decision made
at that time. He then went generally into an ex-
amination of the various documents on the sub
ject, and the acts of the Governor of Mississi,yi
in relation to it, and contended that m whatever
light you might view it, the decision of the House
at ihe extra session must be binding, and tha t
was impossible that gentlemen could be con-
stitutionally elected membeis of this House
at the November election when there was no
vacancy in the representation of Mississippi, thi^
House having decided that the sitting mernh ¡^
were entitled to seats during the whole Congress.
The House having decided they were thus enti-
tled to their seats, they were not candidates in
November, and in many counties where they re-
ceived large m?jonties in July, they received not a
vote in November, their friend  refraining from
voting at all for members of Congress, believing
the decision of the House to I e final, and that there
was ho vacancy in the representation of the State.
This was borne out by the (act, that at the Novem-
ber election there weie upwards of eight thousand
more votes given for Governor than for members
•of Congress Would it, therefore, he would no 
ask, be light to reverse this decision, even if it was
incorrect If it was incorrect, which he would on-
ly ad-nit for the sake of the argument, it -would be
doing the greatest injustice to vr\ e^se it The elec-
tion ot November was held under ihe decision of
this House, and many of the friends of the sitting
members, on the faith of that decision, lemained at
home on the election day, or at least refused to
cast their vt tes for members of Congress. It was
not to be believed that an election rHd in this way
could express the will and wishes oí the people of
Mississippi.
Mr. B. replied at some length to the arguments
of the contestant to a seat on this floor, and con-
cluded by hoping that the House would not reverse
the decision of the extra session.
Mr. JENIFER replied, at some length, to the
aiguments of the gentleman u ho had preceded him
in support of the dtxision of the House at the extra
session and contended that new ei idence was no 
presented to the House, and that if the decision of
the extra session was wiong, ihat now was the pro-
per time to correct the error He went generally
into a detail of the evidence presented at the called
session, and that now piesented, for the purpose of
showing that the question was now presented to the
House in an entuely different light from what it
was when the decision was made.    The whole
evidence in ihe State of Mississippi, the Go-
vernor's pioclamauon, the writs oí elec-
tion, the certificates of the Governor and Se-
cretary of State, all vs ent to show that the
sitting; iwetnbeis were elected only for the extra
session. This, was the opinion, loo, he contended,
of the people of Mississippi, as was evidenced bv
the fact of their holding an election for members of
Conere"?s in November last. He replied to the ai-
guments of the gentleman from New York, (Mr
Brcjson,) h i elatK n to the vote for the Gov ernoi
oí the State being larger than f«i members of Con-
l gres , and asserted that the contestants had a
| larger vote than had ever before been given m the
State of Mississippi
Mr. ROBERTSON followed on the same side,
and spoke at some length in support of the right of
the contestants to seats as representatives oí the
State of Mississippi.
Mr. LEGARE obtained the floor, but stated
that as the hour was late, he thrown himself upon
the indulgence of the House, by asking a more
iavorable hour for addressing the body. He
the "pupón moved that the Hou e adjourn
Mi    GARLAND of  Louisiana called for  the
veas and navs on this m iticn, but the  House   rt-
<n-ed to order tham, 11 1
T1 l lloare >hni adjo^rne 1
IN SENATE,
Monday^ January 29, 1838.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, transmuting sundry docu-
ments in answer to the resolution of the 24th mst
requiring copies of the conespondence between that
Department and the banks of the District of Co-
lumbia, after the passage of the deposite law and
the suspension of specie payments, relative to the
increase of their loans and discounts, and,
O i mot,on of Ml. ALLEN, the report and docu-
m n s wctc ¡>ia on the table, and oidered to be
punte 1
T e CHAIR, also communicated a report from
the Wai Department, tr^nsmittine, in compliance
\wth the act <f March, 1ST7, the report of ihe
agents appointed to inquire what depredations have
been committed by the Semiiole and Creek In-
dians on ihe piopeityof th3 citizens of Florida,
Georgia, and Alabama , and,
On motion of Mr CLAY of Alabama, it was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
The CH4.IR also communicated a report from
the War Department, traris Hitting the report of the
Chief Engineer, m answei to the resolution of the
Senate of the 25th mst relative to the amount ex-
pended on the improvement of the navigation of
the Mi-soun river, which, on motion of Ml
LIXN, was laid on the table, and oidered to be
printed.
The CHAIR also communtcatod a lettei from
the War Department, transmitting two reports
from the Chiei Eigmeer, accompanied by certa.n
documents le'ati^e to the claims of Henry Gale to
the Pea t-atch island, in the Delaware, and
On motion ol Mi BAYARD, t was ¡aid on trie
tab e ami five l.unircd extra copes viere o.-
dered   to   be printed.
Tht CHAIR aiso communicated a report from
the War Department, accompanied b> certain sur-
veys in reference to the Rock river and Des Moines
rapi Is ofthe Mississippi, made in comphance with
a resolution of the Senate, an!
On motion of Mi YOUNG, it was laid on the
table, and fifteen hundred extra copies were oidered
to be prmted
The CHAIR also c3mmunicjt"d a report from
theNa* > Departmeit, made m compliance «i'h
the provisions of the 21 section of the act of the ° h
Mav, 183fi  ho\u ■> th*- e^penditmcs imd"r -1
contingent iund, of ihe office of the Secretary oi
the Navj, aid 'he office oí the Commissiorers oi
the Navj, v. mch was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SWIFT presented the memorial of sundrv
citizens, of Knox county, Illinois, reraonsl-ating
against the annexation of Texas to the TJruon;
which was laid on the table.
Mr, CALHOUN presented a communication
from the Governor of the State of South Carolia,
