CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
inclesiag the resolutions passed by the Legislature
of that State, asking an appropriation for the pre-
servation of Charleston harbor: referred to the.
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of sundry
' citizens of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to abo-
lish slavery and the slave trade in the District of
Columbia; the question on the reception of which
was, on motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, laid on
the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
iwenty-four youths of the city and county of Phila-
delphia, asking for the speedy extinction of slavery
in the District of Columbia and Territories of the
■United States; and ,
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the ques-
tion of its reception was laid on the table.
Mr. WALL presented a petition from Robert
Achison of New Jersey, to the same purport,
•which was similarly disposed of.
.Mr. WALL presented a petition of sundry citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for an appropriation
to complete the frigate Raritan, now on the stocks;
and
Mr. WEBSTER presented two similar petitions
for the same object; both of which were referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Massachusetts, remonstrating
against reducing the duties on woollen blankets: re-
ferred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. WEBSTER also presented the petition of
Hannah Laighton, widow of Isaac Bates, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of Robert
Montgomery, praying for a pension; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensior.s.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of sundry ci-
tizens of Illinois, praying for the establishment of
a mail route; which was referred to the Committee
«on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LINN moved that the papers in relation to
the claim of the heirs of Wade Hampton to a tract
•of land in Louisiana, be printed; which motion was
agreed to
Mr. CUTHBERT presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Darien, Georgia, praying for an
appropriation for the survey of the Altamaha river:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. ROANE presented sundry documents in
support of the claim o£ J. S. Stubbs; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MORRIS presented documents in support
of the claim of David Robb; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of Asa.
Armington, praying to be relieved from the pay-
ment of a duty bond: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petition of Hazard
. Knowles, of the Patent Office, praying to be allowed
to take out a patent: referred to the Committee on
Patents.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
making an appropriation to improve the navigation
of the Missouri river, from its mouth to Fort Lea-
venworth.
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolution,
which was eonsiderad and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions^
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
granting a pension to the heirs of Peter Craig, de-
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals inquire into the expediency of making an ap-
propriation for the construction of a macadamized
or railroad from Milwaukie or Lake Michigan, by
the most direct, eligible route through the mineral
regioa, to some point on the Mississippi, in the
Territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. WALL submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and adepted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate the report of
the survey of Crow shoal, in-Delaware bay, made
in pursuance «fan act of Congress for the purpose of
ascertaining the expediency of constructing a break-
water or artificial harbor, and other papers accom-
panying the same, if such report has been made;
and if not, to state the reasons why the same has
not been made.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which the memorials relating
to them had been referred, reported the following
bills; which were severally read, and ordered to a
second reading:
A bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Col. Albert Paulding, deceased.
A bill for ihe relief of the legal representatives of
Captain Robert White, deceased; and
A bill for ihe relief of the heirs of.Cap.t. Thomas
L. B, Goodwin, deceased.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been referred the me-
morial of Michael---------, reported a bill for his
relief;  which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
The report of the Committee on Pensions unfa-
vorable to the petition of Garrett Lewis, was con-
sidered and concurred in.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the bill for the
relief of Francis Newman was taken up; and,after
a brief explanation from Mr. WALL, was ordered
to a third reading.
The bill to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on
the public lands was read a third time; and on the
question, Shall it pass"? a debate ensued, m which
Messrs. WEBSTER, CLAY of Kentucky, HUB-
BARD, CLAY of Alabama, FULTON, LYON,
and CALHOUN took pari. The debate lastedun-
til 4 o'clock, when Mr. WHITE rose to address
the Senate, but gave way on a motion of Mr. BEN-
TON to adjourn.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, Jan. 30, 1838.
The CHAIR laid before the House several Exe-
cutive communications, viz:
1.  From the Secretary of War, transmitting co-
pies of all orders to the commanders of the forces
in Florida.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
2.  From the same, communicating a report of
the Chief Engineer in reference to the erection of
fences or guard posts, where necessary, on the Na-
tional Road between Cumberland and Wheeling.
On motion of Mr. McKENNAN, referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
3.  From the same, transmitting certain annual
reports from the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
accompanied by a statement of all the persons em-
ployed in that branch of the public service during
the year 1837.
On motion of Mr. BELL, laid on the table.
4.  From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a report of the Commissioner of the Gene-
ral Land Office, containing a statement of the
whole amount of the public lands belonging to the
United States sold since they were ceded to the
United States, distinguishing the amount in each
year, etc.
On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY, laid on the
table.
Reports from the standing committees were then
called for.
COMMITTEE OF CLAIMS.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio reported Senate
bill, with an amendment, lor the relief of William
East.
COMMERCE.
Mr. SMITH reported Semite bill, with an
amendment, authorizing certain persons to test the
strength of steam boilers.
Mr. CURTIS reported a resolution requesting
the Secretary of the Navy to communicate to das
House of Representatives the report and survey-
made by Lieutenant Wilkes of George's Bank and
shoal; and that the report be printed, together with
5,000 extra copies of the chart, under the superin-
tendence of Lieutenant Wilkes; which, after a few
words from Messrs. McKAY and CURTIS, was
concurred in.
PUBLIC   LANDS.      l ,          *
Mr. CASEY-reported a bill for the reliéf of
Samuel Dickerson.
JUDICIARY.
Mr. THOMAS reported, without amendment;
Senate bill entitled an act to alter and amend the
acts for the punishment of certain crimes against
the United States.           -  '
Mr. COR WIN reported a resolution instructing
the ComiTiittfe on the Judiciary to inquire into the
exdediency of changing the times of holding the
Circuit and District Courts of the United States in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois,and Michigan; -
which was concurred in.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia reported a bill to
reorganize the District Courts of the United States
in the State of Alabama.
PRIVATE   LAND  CLAIMS.
Mr. MAY reported a bill for the relief of the le-
gal i-'presentaiive of Philip Barbour, deceased.
INWAW   APPAIHS.
M.. BELL reported a bill for the relief of G«o.
C. 0. hnson.
Mr. CHANEY reported a bill for the relief of
John Bouldin.
Mr. EVERETT reported a bill to provide for
the security and protectionoffheemigrantandother
Indians west of Missouri and Arkansas.
MILITARY AFFAIRS.
Mr. McKAY reported a bill to increase the ar-
my of the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. McKAY explained, far the information of
the House, that this bill related merely to an in-
crease of the rank and file of the army, and did
not touch at all the subject of the reorganization
or increase of the staff. That subject was still un-
der the consideration of the committee, and they
expected shortly to be prepared torepoit upon it.
Mr. GRENNELL reported a bill for the relief
of Anne S. Heilman.
TERRITORIES.
Mr. BRONSON reported a bill to establish a
new Judicial District in the Territory of Florida.,
Also, a bill to authorize the President -0f $ye
' United States to cause to be surveyed aild ascer-.
tained the boundary line between th/<-State of Mis-
souri and the Territory of Wisconsin.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. MORGAN reported a, bill for the relief of
Hall man Tucker.
Mr. FRY reported a b-.il granting a pension to
Cottan Evans of Vermont.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky reported a bill
for the benefit of. the widow of Noah Chittenden.
Also, a bill tor the relief of William Collins.
Mr. PLTjMER repca-ted a bill granting a pension
to Gideon Shelby.                               -
PUBLIC  BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS.
Mi. LINCOLN veponeda resolution instructing
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to cause the walls of the late Post Office building
to be surveyed and examined by a skilful archi-
tect, for the purpose of determining on the pro-
priety of their immediate removal, or of repairing
or reconstructing the building, and the purposes to
which it shall be applied, &c. which was concur-
red in.
PATENTS.                  .                      —i
Mr.   PHELPS reported   Senate  bill, withoutx
p.mendment, to authorize the Commissioner of the
Patent Office "to issue a patent to James Smith, and
it was ordered to a third reading, then read a third
time and passed.
On motion of Mr. MENIFEE, 5000 extra
copies of the annual report of xhe Commissioner
on Patents were ordered to be primea.
DISTRICT  OP COLUMBU.
Mr. DAWSON reported a bul for the relief of
Eliza Davis.
v      RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. A a«w
on the 18th ult.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House a copy
and teanslatiou of the pamphlet in the Spanish Ian-.
