150
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the board of directors, and they have paid the
sum promptly to Mr Dorsej
The committee are much indebted to the board
of directors for the use of a room in their banking
house to conduct their examination, and ask the
House to discharge them from the further consi-
deration of the subject
The report, having been read, was ordered to lie
on the table and be printed.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr Adams
on the 18th ult.  •
Resolved, That the President of the United State 
be requested to communicate to this House a copy
and translation of the pamphlet, in the Spanish
language, stated in the report of the Secretary oí !
State to this House to have been printed and circu-
lated by the late minister from the Republic of
Mexico, Gorostiza, before his departure from this
country, and the name of the diplomatic lunetion-
arj- from a foreign Government who communi-
cated a copy of said pamphlet to thsSecietaiy of
State.
The question pending was the motion of Mi.
HOWARD to strike out all that part relating to
the name of the dip'omatic functionary, alter the
word "country" m the eighth line.
Mr. ADAMS, who was entitled to the flooi, pro-
ceeded with his remarks upon the resolution until
the expiration of the morning hour, -when
The CHAIR here announced the order of the
day.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION
The question pending being as follows-
Mr. BRONSON moved the following resolution
Resolved, That Messrs S S Prentiss and T J
Word are not members of the 25th Congress, and
are not entitled to their seats in the House as such
The question pending being on the motion of
Mr. Bell, who had moved to amend by
striking out all after the word "Resolved," and
inserting as follows- " That the resolution of this
House of the 3d of Octobei last, declaring that
Samuel J.Gholson and John P. H Claiborne were
duly elected members of the 25th Congress, was
agreed to without a knowledge ot all the facts I
which were material to a csrrect decision of the
question presented, and the same is hereby re-
scinded."                                                                  '
Resolved further, That Messrs. Prentiss and
Word were duly elected members of the 25th Con-
gress, from the State of Mississippi, in November
last, and are entitled to take their seats as such
Mr. BELL now modified his amendment as fal-
lows:
Strikeout all after the word "resolved," and insert
"That the resolution of this House of the 3d of Oc-
tober last, declaring that Samuel J. Gholson and
John P H Claiborme were duly elected members
of the 25th Congress be rescinded, and that Messrs
Gholson and Claiborne are not duly elected mem-
bers of the 25th Congress.
Resolved, That S. S. Prentiss and T. J. Word
were duly elected members of the 25th Congress
on the first Monday and day following m No-
vember last, and that they are entitled to take their
seats in. this House as such.
Mr. B. explained his object to be to make the
latter a distinct proposition.
Mr. PRENTISS resumed, and concluded his re-
marks in reply to the gentlemen who had addressed
the House in support of the sitting members.
Mr. CUSHMAN then demanded the previous
question.
Mr. PARKER moved a call of the House.
Mr. BOON called for the yeas and nays on that
motion, which were ordered, and were—yeas 190,
nays 19.
So a call of the House was ordered, and was
proceeded m for soma time, the names of the ab-
sentees called over, and all excused but four, when
Mr. BRONSON moved that all further proceed-
ings in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. WISE asked for the yeas and nays on that
motkm, which were ordered, and were—yeas 122,
nays 98.
So fee further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed vith, and the question recurring upon se-
conding the motion for the previous question, tel-
lers being ordered, it was decided m the negative—
ayes 107, noes 111.
So there was no second
Mr. HAYNES then briefly addressed the House
in support of the sitting members.
Mr. WISE called for a division of the question
on the amendment, so as to take the question sepa-
rately on the latter part of the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee
J The CHAIR stated that the motion to strike out
and insert was not divisible by the rule.
Mr BELL then withdrew the latter part of his
amendment.
Mr. CUSHMAN then called for the yeas and
navs on the amendment of Mr. Bell, which were
ordered, and were—yeas 119, nays 112, as follows-
\I ASS—Messrs Adams, Alexandei, Heman Allen, John W
Allen, Aycnsgt Bell, Btddle Bond, Borden, Brlggs William
B CtlhumuJjhn Calhoun William B Campbell, William B
t-uter Chamber4*, Cheatham, Childs, Clowiev Coffin, Cor
wit, Cranston Crockett, Curtis, Cushin?, Darlington, Dawson,
Danes, Heberrv Dennis, Dunn, Elmore, Evans, Everett,
Ewmst Richaid Fletchei, Fillmore Rice Garland, Goode,
Junes Griham William Graham, Grantland Graves, Gien
ne Í Giifiin Hall Halstead Harlan Haiper, Hastings, Hawes,
Henry William Herod O^den Hoffman, GeorEeW Hopkins,
Robei t M T Hunter Jenifer, Henry Johnson, W C Johnson,
Iatvtei, Lewis, Lincoln,Ivon, Mallory, Marvin JamesM Ma
son, feanwm Mason Maury, Maxwell, McKay, McKennan
Menefee Meicei, Milhgan, Mitchell, Mathias Mom«, Calvary
Morris "Navlor I\oye 0.r!e, Patterson, Patton Pearce, Perk,
Pick°ns, I'oie Potts, Randen. Randolph, Reed, Renoher, III
chardson, ItuUwav, Robeitson Rumsey, Russell, Sawyer,
Angustí re H Sheppeid Charles Shepard, Shields, Sibley,
Slade, Sotithgate, Stanlv, Stone, Stratton Taliaferro, Thomp
son Tillmahast loland, Umleiwool, Albert S White John
White, Elisha V* lutt'esey, I ewis Williams, Sherrod Williams,
Joseph I Williams, Christopher H Williams, Wise, and
Yorke—119
NAY^—Messrs Andorson, Andrews Atherton, Beatty,
Beirne IJicknel] Bir Isall, Boon Bouldin Brodhead Bronson,
Jiiuyn, Buehanai Bynum, Cambreleng John Campbell, T J
t arter, Casey, Chanev, Chapman, Cillev, Clark Cleveland,
Coles, Connor, Craig Crary, Cushmon Davee, DeGrafF, Drom
goole Dnican Edwards Farnngton Fairheld, Isaao I tetcher,
Foster Fry, Gallup James Garland, Glascock, Grant, Gray,
Haley Hammond Htrrihon Hawkm*, Haynes, Holsey, Holt,
Howairl Huhley Willi im If Hunter, Inghim, T B Jackson,
Jabez Jackson T Johnson Is Jones John W Jones Kemhle,
Rhnepnsinith Lpgare Leadbetter, Logan I oomis, Martin Ro
bertMcCkllan Abraham McCIellan, McClure, MrKim M.ller,
Montgomery Moore,Mol„an Samuel W Morris,Muhlenbeig,
Murray, Soble, Owens Palmer Parker Parmenter, Payt ter
P nnnybaa***r, 1'etrikin Phelps Plumei Pottei, Pratt,
Plenties Reih Hi es ShefTer, Sheploi Smith, Snvdet Spen ,
cer Stuart Taylor, Thomas Titus, Toncey, Turner \ail,
"Vandeve r WaCT ner,Weh«ter Weeks Thomas T Whittle
sev, Jared W Williams Worthington, and Yell—112
So the amendment was agreed to, and the ques-
tion  recuirmc upon the resolution as amended—
Mr. HOWARD rose and remarked that they had
aimed at a stas;e in these proceedings at which he
■b ished to pause, and wished the House to pause,
m order to see in what direction they should next
shape their course. He would not question the
validity of the decision just made, but so much
doubt hung upon the whole subject, that he had
taken into his serious consideration the suggestion
thrown out yesierday by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, (Mr Mason) to send the election back to
the people.
After some further remarks, Mr H submitted
a proposition to that effect, as an amendment to
the amendment just adopted
Mr THOMPSON of South Carolina <-ose, and
•-Uted that hpw^s requested to announce that Messrs.
Prantiss ard Word, members elect from the State
of Mississippi, weie now in attendance befoie the
House, and were readv to be qualified
The CHAIR mfoimcd the gentleman that the
House had adopted no resolution It had adopted
an amendment, but had adopted no resolution m
relation to th.s matter
Mr McKAY stated that he had voted for the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee, be-
cause he believed the election, held m the State of
Mississippi, in. July last, was not m conformity
with the Constitution of the United State*. He
further stated that it was not his intention, by that
vote, to give the seats vacated to the members here
claiming seats He w?s of the same opinion ex-
pressed on jesterday by the gentleman from Virgi-
nia, and he was in favoi of serding back to the
people of Mississippi the whole matter. Mr. McK.
went on and briefly explained his view of the con-
stitutional question
After some further remarks by Messrs. BELL
CAMBRELENS, and THOMPSON,
Mr. OWENS moved that the House adjourn
lost.
Mr. WILLI 4 MS of Kentucky moved the pre-
vious question, but the House retused to second
it—ayes 95, noes 119.
Mr. BRIGGS called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment of the gentleman from Maryland;
which were ordered.
Mr HOWARD, at the suggestion of Mr.
McKAY, modified his amendment by declaring
that Messrs Prentiss and Word were not duly
elected.
Mr. McKAY suggested that the-gentleman mo-
dify his amendment so as to declare tnat Messrs.
Prentiss and Word a*e not duly elected members
of the 25th Congress
Mr. HOWARD modified his amendment as fol-
lows: "And that Messrs. Prentiss and Word are
not entitled to seats m this House as members of
the 25th Congress; and that their seals be declared
vacated, and that the Speaker of this House in-
form the Governor of Mississippi of that fact."
Mr THOMPSON then moved to amend the
amendment, by striking out all alter the names of
Messrs. "Prentiss and Word," and substitute
the -words "are duly elected, but aie not entitled
to seats "
After a few remarks by Sir TILLINGHAST—
Mr THOMPSON withdrew his amendment
Mr BELL moved an adjournment. Lost with-
out a division.
Mr. PATTON made a few remarte m opposi-
tion to the amendment of the gentleman from Ma-
ryland.
Messrs, HAYNES and GLASCOCK supported
the amendment in a few remarks, and it was op-
posed by Messrs. POPE and UNDERWOOD.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD,
The House then adjourned.
IN  SENATE,
Wednesday, Jan  31, 1838
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a communi-
cation from the Postmaster General, containing a
list of fines imposed on, and deductions made from
the pay of, contractors, ending 1st July, 1837
Also, a statement of contracts enteied into, and
offers made, for carrying the mail during the year
ending on the 1st July, 1837.
Which were laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
Timothy Powers, a soldier of the Revolution,
praying a pension under the act of 1832 referred
to the Committee on Pensions
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petition of Ca-
roline A. Reeves, praying for a pension referted
to the Committee on Pensions
Also, a memorial from sundry citizens of New-
Jersey, (539,) praying for the abolishment ot
slavery in the Distnct of Columbia the motion to
receive was laid on the table
Mr. S. also presented some documents m relation
to an increase of the pay of certain e'erks connect-
ed with the Marine Coips refened to Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WALL presented a memorial from the citi-
zens of Burlington county, m New Jersey, remon-
strating against the annexation of Texas ordered
to lie on the table
Also, the memonal of the anti-slavery society of
Pennsylvania, recently assembled at Hamburg,
remonstrating against annexing Texas to the Union.
Also, one ot similar purprrt irora cit z o  of
Berks countv. Pennsylvania  laid on the table.
Mr. NILES said he rose to do what he had
never before been called on to perform while in
that bod}', to wit to present petitions in relation to
the abolition of slat «ry He would present them
m compliance with his duty. They were signed
by 150 persons, men and women. One afcked for
the abolishment ot the sla^ e trade m the District of
Columbia, the other for its abolishment ir  he Ter-
ritories, and one against the slave trade m the
States; aho, one remonstrating against'he annexa-
tion of Texas That relating to Texas was la-d on
the table, and on those relating to slavery, the mo-
tion to receive was laid on the table.
Mr TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims
