COtf GttESSÍOÑAE <GLÓfig.
151
reported a bill for the relief ofE. W. and H. Smith
aceompamed with a report, which was ordered to be
trt h^EP0^' ímm ihe same committee, moved
LlnS rg6d fr<?m *e further consideration of
the report communicated from the War Depart-
Zn^nuTVu-the imProvel ent of the naviga-
í^f>c \Wh,Ue> andSt- Francis «vers, and
■S^i6  ame be referred t0 the Committee on Com-
On the question as to the most appropriate re-
lerence, soine incidental remarks were made by
*?ZtU^' ^ETIER' and TIPTON, lowing
the magnitude of these rivers, and their vast im-
portance to the mland navigation of the Western
otates.                                                                  *
The motion was laid on the table at the suges-
tión of Mr. KING, who pledged himself to dolll
inms power to favor the views of those gentle-
men consistent with his duty to the Constitution
and the people.
Mr. RIVES, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fatrs, to which had been referred the several me-
morials, praying for an appropriation for the com-
pletion of the frigate Rantan, made a report
thereon.                                                             r
On motion of Mr. ROANE, the Committee on
the District of Columbia was authorized to emplov
a clerk.                                                            r   J
The reports of the Committee on  the Judiciary
unfavorable to the petitions of John MoCleary and
William Patton,  were severally  considered and
concurred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of William Hunter.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted.
Resolved, That so much of the different reports
of the commissioners appointed under the acts of
July, 1832, and 1833, lor the final adjustment of
private land claims, in the State of Missouri, as
have not been acted on by Congress be referred
to thi Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, leave was grant-
ed to John McGleary to withdraw his petition and
papers.
The bill to change the times of holding the Cir-
oa t Court ef the United States for the seventh cir-
cuit, was read the third time and passed.
_ The bill to amend the act entitled "an act to pro-
vide for the appointment of commissioners to ad-
just and settle claims to reservations of land under
the 14th article of the treaty of 1830 with the Choc-
taw Indians," was also read the third time and
passed.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The CHAIR, announced as the special order
" the bill to impose additional duties as deposita-
ries, upon certain public officers, to appoint Receiv-
ers General of Public Money, and to regulate the
safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the pub-
lic moneys of the United States."
Mr. CLAYTON observed that there were some
other bills on the special order, which had the pre-
cedence over this bill.
Mr. TIPTON observed that the Cumberland
Road bill was before ihe one just announced,
though he should not press its claims at present,
being willing to let the discussion commence and
progress on the latter; but he gave notice, that if
the debate should continue long, he would feel it
his duty to move to Jay by the bill, snrt take up that
for the Cumberland Road.
Mr. HUBBARD then moved to postpone the
previous orders, for the purpose of taking up the
Sub-Treasury bill.
Mr. CLAY rose, and addressed the Chair as
follows: Mr. President, the proposition of the
Senator frota. New Hampshire, as I understand it,
is to postpone all the orders of the day which pre-
cede that measure which is usually called the Sub-
Treasury bill,.for the purpose of taking that bill
up. Sir, for myself I am ready, and always
ready, to meet that bill when it does come up, and
to discharge my duty in respect to itas far as I can,
with such power and humble ability as I possess.
But I have risen on the present occasion to majte a
«position, or rather to recommend to the friends
of this bill themselves to make ene.
It has been said, and said correctly, by the hono-
rable chairman of the Finance Committee, that
this bill is of immense importance; and, sir, it is
my "deliberate opinion that there has been no bill,
from the commencement of the Government, of
such momentous magnitude, or fraught with such
tremendous consequences, as this. Sir, I have no
desire to create undue prejudice against this mea-
sure, but I declare my full and solemn conviction
that all the calamities of war with the most potent
power on earth would be a blessing compared with
the consequences of this measure. Sir, I believe it
will lead to the consolidation of the Government,
or rather the powers of the Government, in its
Federal authority, and that it will tend to destroy
the power and influence of the States themselves.
It will place at the feet of the Secretary of the
Treasury a power equal to the combined power of
the 800 or 900 banks dispersed throughout the
Union; and, superadded to this, the whole power of
the late Bank of the United States; All this, sir,
would be the ultimate result of this measure, if
adopted; it will place all this power at the feet of
the Secretary of the Treasury, who himself lies at
the feet of the President of the United States!
Entertaining these opinions of this measure, it
is my wish, not on my own account, nor on that of
the friends with whom I am in the habit of acting,
but for the sake of ths county, that this measure
should not bow be taken up./l wish that we should
receive from our constituents, the Stales and the
people, such instruction or expressions of their
will and opinion as they may choose to transmit to
this city. The Legislatures of several States are
now deliberating on the subject, and some of them
have adopted resolutions upon it which have not
yet reached us. At Richmond we know something
has been done. Sir, I want to hear from the West,
from Albany, from Richmond, irom all quarters
of the country that are so deeply and vitally inte-
rested in this measure, before we take the vote
upon it; and from Harrisburg especially, though
last not least, that we may hear what the Keystone
State has to say on this subject./
Sir, I say, with surprise, that I cannot compre-
hend the recent reversal of the course of legisla-
tion in Congress. In the good old days of former
times, what was the course of legislation? Then,
all great measures originated—where? In this
branch? No, sir: they originated with people's re-
presentatives in the other end of the capitol. Mea-
sures relating to taxes, the public treasure, to our
armies and navies, originated where they ought to
originate, with those who are nearest the people.
There these great and important measures were
matured and sent to the Senate. But this safe,
Republican, Democratic course of legislation has
been totally reversed. Sir, why is this? Is it the
result of any peculiar composition of the Senate,
making it nearer the Executive, or a better mirror
of its views, that these reversed proceedings have
been adopted. At this session the army bill has origi-
nated here ; yesterday the land bill (that great
Agrarian project) was passed here; and now we
have the Sub-Treasury project here introduced.
Sir, is this the proper branch of Congress for the
origin of such vast measures? Why are they
originated here?
But again: is it not a consideration of peculiar
fitness, that we should hear from the other House
before we send them this bill again? Last year we
sent it, nearly as it now is, except that the present
bill is far more objeetionabie, mischievous, and
moMStrous than it was; and what became of it? Sir,
it was unacceptable to the representatives of the
people. They did not choose to adopt this new ex-
periment on our prosperity, and they laid it on the
table, where I hoped it would lie in perpetual and
eternal repose. Why, then, is this measure again
brought before us, before we hear from the other
House? Let it be considered there, and let us hear,
from the representatives of the people their views
on this subject.
Sir, I do not know what will be fate of this mea-
sure; but I put it to the consideration of the honora-
ble chairman of the committee and his friends,
whether it is not more in character for the Senate
to wairfor these instructions from legislative bodies
and other jproper and popular sources, in relation
to this measure, rather than.thus to hurry its pas-
s?ge. Sir, is it right thus to act—to commit our-
selves, our judgment, and our opinion , to this mea-
sure, till these high and legislative authorities shall
be heard from?
I shall make no motion: I have risen for no such
purpose; but to recommend to the friends of the
measure to wait a few, days or weeks longer, till we
hear from those bodies who have the subject under
consideration.
.Mr. WRIGHT, in reply, went briefly into the
history of the progress of this bill, again alluded to
the complaints of delay which he said had been
made by the opponents of the bill, and expressed
his readiness to submit to the will of the Senate as
to further delay. He would riot now discuss the
propriety of originating such measures in the-Senate.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked on the alleged ob-
ject of former delay, that it was to have time for
Senators to examine and consider the bill, and to
prepare substitutes and amendments, and said that
a good deal of feeling was excited when it was
hinted that the real object was to gain time. He
was not disposed to doubt the sincarity of these
reasons for delay; but could any Senator now take
that ground for farther postponement?
He agreed with the Senator from Kentucky that
this bill was of the deepest import; it claimed the
profoundest and earlies attention of this body; and
the Senator could not have greater confidence in
the correctness of his opinions tharí Mr. C. had
in his.
The Senator says it will greatly augment Execu-
tive patronage.
Mr. CLAY. I did not say so; but I now say it
will.
Mr. CALHOUN. I shall be glad to meet the
Senator on that question; for if ever there was a
question about which I had perfect confidence, it
is that. So far from augmenting, it will diminish,
not only Executive patronage, but that of the"-Go-,
vernment generally, more than any other measure.
I will not discuss that question now; but, cotñe
when it will, I stand prepared to make good my
ground.
It was formerly urged by the Senator from Ken-
tucky that this measure would create disunion;
but, as it is out of order now, I suppose, to speak
of disunion, itis therefore now urged by the Sena-
tor that it will cause consolidation. Sir, I fed
equal confidence in my ability to mset this question
as to meet the other.
But the Senator says the State Legislatures are
in session, and wishes to hear further the expression
of public sentiment. This is a reason for progres-
sing with the bill. Let us argae here and let our
arguments go to the States, pro and con; we "can
discuss the subject batter than the Statss, as we are •
necessarily possessed of full information; and, be-
fore we come to a decison, most of the State Legis-
latures will have adjourned. The political friends
of the Senator in the Legislatures would, I doubt
not, like to be enlightened by his views on ihe sub-
ject. But there are other reasons ior proceeding at
once. The state of commerce and the business of
the country demand an early decision.
But the Senator complains that the otder of busi-
ness has been reversed; that great measures, for-
merly originated only in the House, are now
originated in the Senate. The Senate is a
smaller body; and, from the necessity of the case,
it has taken the lead. The Senate formerly sat
with closed doors on legislative as well as execu-
tive business; and if the Senator's argument is
good, they should do so now. But the Senate is
more numerous and popular now than it was then.
I hope the bill will be -taken, up, and let the argu-
ment proceed, even if we do not come to a deci-
sion before we obtain all the information which the
Senator desires. We can wait for the decision, and
let the arguments go on.
Mr. CLAY said, the honorable Senator with a
vast deal of self-complacency ,avowj lib readiness at
all times to meet and repel arguments from any
quarter on the points to which he has alluded. Sir,
it is not my-habit to give challenges in advance;
bat the Senator may rest assured, that with whatever
