f/^ms- i''rr,:~i ts-tgír"*~,V"
r     h  . •  :¡ ......c\ i   .. j.     ■! n                  ,   ■■   i',   -i,                   1 r -                 ■.                  ,       ,
sachasets lioutd lead Mm. He- tfas, ^therefore,
after MX examination, compelled to adhere to his
first resolutiva, *and urge apon the House the adopr
lion of hts amendment, as he was unable to- see
any good which would result from a communica-
tion of the name of the diplomatic functionary
alluded to. He was unable to see any sufficient
reason for this House to exercise the high power
which it possessed of bringing from the recesses of
the Department of State the name of a par-
ticular individual who had done an act so sim-
ple as this. It struck him that in whatever point
of view you looked upon this matter, whether
as impugning the veracity of the Secretary of
State, or as an offence in the Minister who
communicated this pamphlet, that no good could
result from the adoption of this part of the resolu-
tion. The House, perhaps, might have a curiosity
to know the name of this individual, or the gentle-
man from Massachusetts might feel a curiosity to
know it; but he would ask, if that was a sufficient
reason to induce the House to make a formal call
for this information without there being any good
likely to result from it? He must, therefore, ad-
here to his first opinion, and insist upon the vote of
the House upon his amendment.
Before proceeding further, Mr. H. deemed it pro-
per that he should be correctly understood in rela-
tion to a point of difference between himself and
the colleague of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
(Mr. Cushino.) Mr. H. said that when this reso-
lution first came up before the House, he had stated
a belief that the pamphlet in question—Gorostiza's-.
pamphlet—had been circulated very freely through
^ this country; that it was for sale in the bookstores
of this city; that he himself had purchased a copy
of it from a bookstore, and read it; and he,
therefore, saw no necessity for procuring ano-
ther translation of it, unless it was correct,
as was suspected by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, (Mr. Cushino,) that this transla-
tion of it was not a genuine one. He, however,
had stated that he had no objection to having the
pamphlet communicated in an official form from
the Department of State. The colleague of the
gentleman from Massachusetts had expressed the
opinion, when he addressed the House, that the
pamphlet which was for sale was not an entire
translation of the original pamphlet published by
Gorostiza, and gentlemen would well remember
the force of this remark.
Now, in order to set himself right, Mr. H. said
that he held in his hand one of the original pam-
phlets, as he had good reason to believe; he, to be
sure, had not a personal knowledge of this fact,
but he had such a knowledge of it as satisfied him
that the pamphlet he now held in his hand was one
of those issued by Mr. Gorostiza. He also held in ■"'
his hand a translation, which he had purchased in
this city, and he had gone over them page by page
with a gentleman who was well acquainted with the
Spanish language, and he found every sentence and
paragraph in the translation which was in the ori-
ginal, except two orders of Gen. Gaines, which
were not material, and which had been published in
the papers of this city. With these two exceptions,
the English edition corresponded every where with
the Spanish, so that he believed it was a mistake in
supposing that the translation was imperfect. He
would say further, that perhaps the gentleman from
Massachusetts (Mr. Coshing) may have been led
into the error into which he had fallen by the cir-
cumstance that another pamphlet which he (Mr.H.)
had seen, was defective, in having one sheet omit-
ted. It was possible, therefore, that one of these de-
fective pamphlets had fallen into the hands of the
gentleman. Sir, in this way he may have been
led into the error. If this was the case, the gentle-
man was very correct in saying that the copy of the
pamphlet which he read was not a correct transla-
tion from the original. Mr. H. did not therefore
at all wish tó be understood as impugning the ve-
racity of the gentleman from Massachusetts; nei-
ther did he consider the gentleman as impugning
his veracity; and he (Mr. H.) corrected the error
which he conceived the gentleman Had fallen into,
merely for the purpose of making good his own
assertion, that the pamphlet to be obtained at
the bpoltstoies was a perfect translation of the J
CONGRESSIONAL €LdB&
Spanish copy published by Mr. Gorostiza.
Notwithstanding this, he had no disposition to
oppose the adoption of the resolution, further
than to urge upon the House the adoption of his
amendment. The gentleman from Massachusetst
(Mr. Adams.) had gone into a great many detai[s
to make out a satisfactory case to the House,
which he had done, no doubt, to the satisfaction of
the House, but he (Mr.' H.) should attempt to-mot-
row to show—as he had not time to do it to-day—
the hour having expired—that the cases presented
by the gentleman, were not similar to the case now
before the House.
The CHAIR here announced the orders of the
day."
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication fsomthe Postmaster General, transmit-
ting a report, in part of the contracts by that de-
partmen^ in 1837.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BOON renewed the request previously made
by Mr. Smith to take up, and refer the bills from
the Senate on the Speaker's table, but it was ob-
jected to.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the Mississippi Election case, the question being on
the amended resolution of Mr. Bell adopted by
the House yesterday.
"Resolved, That the resolution of this House of
3d of October last, declaring that Samuel J. Ghql-
son and John F. H. Claibohne were duly elected
members of the 25th Congress, be rescinded, and
that Messrs. Gholson and Claiborne are not duly
elected members of the 25th Congress."
The question was on the following amendment
of Mr. Howard:
"Resolved, That Messrs. S. S. Prentiss and T. J.
Word are not members^ of the 25th Congress."
And the pending question on the amendment to
the amendment, proposed by Mr. ROBERTSON,
to strike thetefromthe word "not."
Mr. PATTON was entitled to the floor, but he
yielded it to
Mr. Prentiss, who again addressed the House
agains' the proposition to send the election back to
the people.
Mr. YELL gave a statement of the circum-
stances producing his second election, which
amounted to the fact that it was voluntary on his
part, for he held his July election to have been a
good one, and for the whole term of the 25th Con-
giess.
Mr. GHOLSON made a brief statement to the
House, to the iollovving effect: His colleague and
himself were not before the people at the Novem-
ber election, and they distinctly stated to the peo-
ple, in a printed circular addressed to them, that
they were not candidates npon that occasion. That
circular was published, and it was announced, at
least in all the Democratic papers in the State, that
they were not candidates. Mr. G. also wrote at
least a hundred letters to hi* friends in different
parts of the State, declaring that, in consequence of
that decision, he was not a candidate.
Mr. G. further stated that, in twenty counties,
where no votes were given for himself and his col-
league in the November election, they received
about five thousand votes at that of July; thus
showing, conclusively, that there was no general
turn out of the people at the November election,
induced, as he firmly believed, not to vote by the
decision of the House. That was the main fact he
wished to state. The House, by its vote, had said
the election of July was void. Mr. G. was as well
satisfied with that decision as any one else, but he
wished them to vote, at least, with a knowledge of
the facts.
In addition, Mr. G. had good grounds to know
that the election in many other counties was par-
tial, from the fact of his colleague and him«elf not
being before the people, and therefore, by no kind
of calculation, was the Strength of parties tested in
NovemVr. The people had been misled by the
decision of the House.
Mr. G. said his physical debility rendered him
unable, if he was otherwise able, to go into the ar-
15$
gument, and would conclude with the hope that the
House would take the vote as early as practicable.
Mr. PATTON addressed the House, at length,
in opposition to Mr. Howard's amendment, and
was followed by Mr. LEGARE in reply.
Mr. BIDDLE then took the floor, and spoke at
length in support of the claim of Messrs. Prentiss
and Word, and against the reference of the case
back to the people.
Mr. MENIFEE obtained the floor, but before
proceeding with his remarks, moved an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. CUSHMAN called for the yeas and nays
on this motion; which were ordered, and were—
yeas 90, nays 118.
So the House refusing to adjourn—
Mr. MENIFEE proceeded with his remarks in
reply to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr.
Legare) and others, and contending that Messrs.
Prentiss and Word were constitutionally elected,
and entitled to seats in the House of Representa-
tive?.
Mr. BELL next obtained the floor, but without
proceeding with his remarks, moved an adjourn-
ment, which was carried; apd
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fridat, February 2, 1838.
The VICE PRESIDENT communicated a re-
port from the Secretary of the Treasury, in obedi-
ence to a resolution of the 17th January, relative
to the claim of the Bank of the United States for
damages on account of a protested draft on account
of the Fiench indemnity : laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. NILES, two thousand addi-
tional copies were ordered.
Mr. WEBSTER suggested that a like number
of the first part of the information received from
the department also be printed ; which was con-
curred in.
Also, from the same department, -a communica-
tion from Captain M. C. Perry, in relation to the
light-house establishment.
Also, from the Department of War, in obedience
to a resolution of the Senate, calling for the orders,
&c. given to pension agents: laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER, 500 additional
copies were ordered.
Also, from the same department, containing a
report of the survey of Crow shoals, in obedience to
a resolution of the Senate of the 29th January: laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the same department, con-
taining the survey of the Charleston and Cincinnati
Eailroad: laid on the table, and,
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN, 500 additional
copies were ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKE'VNprfwnted a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the annexation of Texas, or any other Territory
that tolerates slavery: laid on the table.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of Geo.
McCdl, playing a pension. Mr. C. siatrd that the
petmoner was a sailor on board the private armed
vessel " Saucy Jack," cruising as ale'ter of marque
during the late war, that in attempting to board a
large English ship, which was afterwards captured,
he was so detperatelv wounded as to become a
cripple ever since. The petition was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. GRUNDY presented the petition of William
W. Corcoran and others, praying that certain suits
now pending might not be abated in consequence
of the expiration of the charter of the United Slate 
Bank in this city: referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the" petition of Mrs.
---------, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed during the late war: refeired to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SMITH presented the petitiojiof John Allpn
and others, praying commutation pay: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
Colonel S. Miller, of the Marine Corps, praying
compensation for property lost during the last war,
