c^é^tórs.Qt' receivers of the public money which
the.-b#nljs in, which they are to be deposited shall
^nc^and^r tfef supervision .and control of the .Secre-
tary of4ii«Treasury, agree to pass to the credit of
i^|,m?ii^di;Sta!es asoasb; and Provided, also, that
i:fte'.,SfilBS-.ó|.nó;^aiík which now fails, or may
.-J?9Í^fter,,£aiJí to redeem its notes in gold and sil-
ver^jáHal'.  a* apy time, be received in payment of
th¿ pajiiie d,«es, unless such bank shall, on or
-i^axe th6,lrst day of July, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eight-, have, hvaa fide resumed payments in
specie..          •■
Sec. 11. Mnd be itfurtlier enacted, That nothing
in the.preceding "section shall be so construed as to
prohibit receivers or collectors of the dues of. the
Government from receiving for the public lands,
.• any kind of land scrip or, Treasury certificates now
.authorized by law, but the same shall hereafter fee
received fijr the public lands, in the same way and
manseras has been heretofore practiced; and it
shall not be,lawful" for the-Secretary of the Trea-
sury to.make^ay.; discrimination in the funds re-
ceivable between ftte.dúTerent branches of the' pub-
lic revenue, except as is provided in this section.
.. -Ssq.,12. ¿tndfbe,it Further enacted, That no bank
shall baempjoyed as a depository of the public mo-
ney, which shall not conform, as to the denomina-
tion of notes issued or circulated by H, to the condi-
tion herein before imposed on those banks whose
paper is allowed to be received in payment of the
public dues.
Seo. 13. And he it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to lay
before Congress, at the commencement of each an-
nual session, and as often thereafter as either House ¡
may require, a statement of the number and names
of the banks employed as depositories of the public
money, and of their condition, and the amount of
public money deposited in each, as shown by their
returns at the Treasury, with every other particu-
lar which may assist Congress in forming a satis-
factory judgment of the safety of the public mo-
nays, and of the soundness and responsibility of the
depositories to which they axe committed.
Seo. 14. Aid heilfartlur enacted, That all acts,
and parts of-acts, coming within the purview of
this act, are hereby repealed.
The bill supplementary to the act to amend the
act i ela:¡ velo the judicial system of the United
States was read a third time and passed.
The Senate then adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, Feb. 3, 1838.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of "War, transmit-
ting two hundred and fifiy-áve copies of the Army
Register,
On motion of Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, laid on
the table.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, transmitting a statement of the contracts
entered into by the Navy Commissioners during the
year 1837.
On motion of Mr. E. WHITTLESEY, laid on
the table.
Mr. McKIM moved that the bills from the Se-
nate on the Speaker's tabic be taken up, with a
view lo their reference to the appropriate comn it-
tees.
Objection being made,
Mr. BOON said he should be compelled to move
a suspension of the ruie, for some of the bills had
been lying on the Speaker's table for several days.
Whereupon, the objection was withdrawn, asd tne
following bills were taken up, read twice, and re-
ferred:
An act for the relief of the heirs of Francis Neu-
man, late collector of the internal revenue and
direct lax in Maryland.
Mr. E. WHITTLESEY moved its reference to
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. McKIM moved it to the ' Committe of
Ways and Means.
Mr. WHITTLESEY had no great objection,
'.though1'mat class of cases had been generally com-
mitted to tüé'ÜSriaer committee.
1 Mr. McKlM'á motion was agreed to.
.An act f9| fb^ |egal adjudication mi settlement
.' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of claims for land under the grants or concessions
made to Baron Bastrop, Marquis de Baton Rouge,
and others in Louisiana, and to Ehsha Williams
and others in Arkansas.
On motion of Mr. LAWLER, referred to the
Committee on. Private Land Claims.
An act granting pre-emption rights to settlers on
the public lands.
Onmotion of Mr. BOON, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
An act to amend the act entitled an act for the
appointment of commissioners lo adjust the claims
for reservations of land under the 14th article of the
'treaty of 1830 with the Choctaw Indian?.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
An act to chango the times of holding the cir-
cuit courts of the United States in the seventh
circuit.
On motion of Mr. COR WIN, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act to amend and extend the charter of the
Franklin Insurance Companv.
On motion of Mr. PETRÍKEN, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
An act to amend the act of the 3d of March,
1837, entitled, an act supplementary to the act en-
titled an act to amend the judicial system of the
United States-..
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion of Mr. TALIAFERRO, the morning
business was set aside, to proceed with the special
order.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
- The Hou^e then resumed the consideration of the
Mississippi election case, the question being on the
amended resolution of Mr. Bell,  adopted by the
House yesterday.
"Resolved, That the resolution of this House of
the 3d of October Inst, declaring that Samuel J.
GnoLsoN and John F. H. Claiborne weie duly
elected members of the 25th Congress, he rescinded,
and that Messrs. Gholsox and Claiborne are not
duly elected members of the 25th Congress."
The question was on the following amendment
of Mr. Howard:
"Resolved, That Sergeant S. Prentiss and Thomas
J. Word, are not members of the Twenty-fifth
Congress.'*
And the pending question on the amendment to
the amendment, proposed by Mr'. Robertson, to
strike therefrom the word "not.".
Mr. BELL, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House at some length m support of the
claim of Messrs. Prentiss and Word to seats in the
House of Representatives, and against sending the
election back to the people.
Mr." RHETT addressed the House bneflv in
reply to the arguments of the gentleman from
Tennessee, (Mr. Bkll,) and in support oí the pro-
position to send the electic n back to the people.
He coo.te.ided that the people of Mississippi Had
represor ¡atives on the floor of the House at the ex-
tra session by the decision of the House itself, and
that decision being considered as binding upon the
people, the election cf November was a one-sided
election; therefore he would send it back to the
people, so that a fair election might be had.
Mr. GUSHING then made an explanation in re-
lation to hi  objections at the commencement of
the extra session to the system of organizing the
House, by the Clerk calling over a list of mem-
bers of the House, out from the newspapers, and
presumed to be elected members thereof.
Mr. POPE addressed the House at some length,
going into a consiiiutton.il argument to prove thai
the Governor of Mississippi had no right to oid?r
an election to he held I, July; ;:•.-.: :t we,,-, ii'icons;,-
iution.il and \oid, and h..d been d'vided so use
other day by the Kou", by rescmdin? the resolu-
tion of the House of October "last. The election,
then, held in November, which was in conformity
to the Constitution and laws of the State of Missis-
sippi, must be considered as good by this House ;
therefore, the m ¡mbers here claiming seats, Messrs.
Prentiss and Word, ought to be decidid as entitled
to seats.
__________________________157
Mr. MARTIN obtained the floor; but, without
prooeeding, moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. HOPKINS called"ji>r the yeas and naj s on
this motion; which were ordered, and were—yeas
108, nays 50.
So the House adjourned, at 5 o'clock, p. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, February 5, 1838.
The CHAIR laid before the House a, communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
the report and survey of George's bank and shoals,
accompanied by t.vo charts, one of George's shoal,
and the other of the bank.
Mr. Smith, remarking that the printing of the
charts having been ordered some days since, in the
concurrence of a resolution to that eifect from the
Committee on Commerce, moved that the commu-
nication be now laid on the table; which was
agreed to.
Petitions and memorials being then in order—
Mr. HAYNES moved to postpone the morning
business, for the purpose of proceeding with the
Mississippi election case.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the people of the United
States might be allowed to be heard at least once
in three weeks; and he therefore asked for the yeas
and nays on Mr. H's motion, but they were refused;
and the motion itself was rejected without a di-
vision.
Petitions and memorials were then presented by
Messrs. CUSHMAN, ATHERTON and WIL-
LIAMS, of New Hampshire.
[Mr. "Williams presented the petition of Samuel
Rnley tor pension arrearages; and the petition of
Francis'Lambert for compensation for medical ser-
vices rendered the Washington Volunteers.}
[Mr. CtsHMAN presented petitions of John B.
Hill and Elijah Davis, praying for pensions; and
of John Crawford and Hhoda Gale, praying for
increase o." pensions; all of which were ¡elerred to
tiip Committee on Revolutionary Pensions 1
Messrs. PARMENTER, CUSHING, FLETCH-
ER REED, BRÍGGS, LINCOLN, CALHOUN,
PHILLIPS, and ADAMS of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Parmentku presented the petition of Josiah
Brackett and 276 other legal voters of Charlestown,
Massachusetts; of Ebenezer Newhall and 94 others,
of Lincoln, Massachusetts; of Sarah B. Newhall
and 46 others, of Lincoln, Massachusetts; of James
Kimball and 65 men, and Rachel Kimball and 107
women, of Lincoln, Massachusetts,'for the aboli-
tion of slavery in the District of Columbia. Also,
the petition of Sarah B. Newhall and 46 others,
against the annexation of Texas. Also, the re-
monstrance of Betsey Kelsey and 54 other women,
of Shirley, Massachusetts; of Sally Fletcher and 38
other women, of Carlisle, Massachusetts; ofiL.pe
Brown and 16 otheis, of Shirley, Massachusetts,
against the resolution passed by the House of Re-
presentatives December 21st, in relation to petitions
on the subject of slavery, and praying that said re-
solution may be rescinded. Mr. P. also piesenied
the petition of the hens of Timothy Page for com-
pensation for Revolutionary services; and the me-
morial of the Major Commandant' of the United
States arsenal at watertown, Massachusetts, m re-
lation to the purchase of ¡and for the use of the
United States,]
[Mr Lincoln presented a memorial purporting
to be signed by a number of legal voters of Massa°
chiisetts, pskmg that the resolution of the if oust?
of the 91st December last, ordering all Abolition
memorials and other papers of a similar character
on the table, be rescinded.
Mr. L. moved iis reference to a select commit-
tee, with instructions fo reoort a reflation declar-
ing the other re-olntion to he a violation of the Con-
stitutional guaramv oí' the ri'„ht of petition in the
p.-\ip!'.", and subve.v.ve of -he freedom <>f d-bv^
,ii tl.eir represen!;.-,".es, -urn i"; ,!.',!.,.; >„,j resolu-
tion to be rescinded.
Mr. P/tton raised the question of consideration.
Mr. Boon moved to lay that question on the
table.
Mr. Briggs called for the yeas and navs, which
were ordered.
Mr. Holsey inquired if the petition would go on
the table with the motion of consideration,
