1(50                                                CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I all propositions for the annexation of Texas to the *
Union, come from what source they may: laid on
the table.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the pstition of Joseph
Home, praying for the payment of certain boun-
ties: referred lo the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would to-morrow
ask leave to bring in a bill providing for the occu-
pation of the Columbia or Oregon Territory.   -
Mr. TALLMADGE presented two petitions
from sundry citizens residing in New York and
Vermont, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the Union: laid on the table.
Mr. GRUNDY presented the petition of Robert
Wilmer: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. WALKER introduced three petitions; one
from the citizens of the Choctaw purchase of Mis-
sissippi; one from the citizens of Kemper county,
Mississippi; one from the citizens of Kane county,
State of Illinois; all praying the passage of a pre-
emption law; and upon Mr. W's motion, these pe-
titions were ordered to be printed and laid on the
table.
Mr. MORRIS presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Ohio, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas to the Union: laid on the table. „
Mr. MORRIS also presented four petitions from
citizens of the county of Richland, Ohio, praying
for the abolition of slavery and the slave trade in
the District of Columbia. The question as to
receiving these petitions was laid on the table.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted a resolution directing
the Committee on Finance to inquire into the pro-
priety of relinquishing the duties on certain chain
cables, imported into the United States by John
E.May.-
Mr. BUCHANAN presented eight memorials,
numerously signed by citizens of Pittsburg, Galling
the attention of Congress to the justice and necessi-
ty of establishing a marine hospital at that place.
The memorialists set forth, that from the geo-
graphical position and extensive commerce of their
city, they were fully justified in indulging the
hope that their city would be selected as a site for
one of the six hospitals, contemplated by the act
of the 3d March, 1837 ; but to their surprise,
and the grievous disappointment and astonish-
ment of the thousands of navigators who throng
their city, the medical board appointed under
that act, explored the river as high as Sfeuben-
ville, without giving Pittsburg an examination.
They protest against the proceedings of the
medical board, and after setting forth the many
advantages which recommend Pittsburg to the fa-
vorable consideration of Congress, pray the enact-
ment of a law to establish a hospital of the first
elasg for western boatsmen at the city of Pittsburg:
referred lo the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. NORVELL presented two memorials from
sundry citizens of Michigan, praying for an ap-
propriation for the improvement of the harbor of
New Buffalo, and to build a light-house: refeired
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of the Bal-
timore and Susquehanna railroad company, pray-
ing that certain duties paid by them on railroad
iron be refunded: referred to the Committee on Fi-
and as such were admitted to seals on this floor. "-
Now, sir, should this House reverse its own solemn
decision thus pronounced, what confidence can then
be-placed by the American people in the decisions
made by this House? I answer, none, sir; none
whatever.
Sir, the question which this House has just pass-
ed upon, is a question deeply involving party prin-
ciples; and I am gratified that the question has been
decided in accordance with my views and feelings.
Mr. Prentiss, one of the contrstants, then
addressed the House at some length, protesting
against the decision of the House, so far as it was
made, depriving the people of Mississippi of a re-
presentation on this floor, replying to remarks of
gentlemen made on former occasions, and declaring
that, if he was spared life till the next session of
Congress, and he saw any prospect of then having
justice done the people of Mississippi, he would
again present himself, and see if he could not have
this unconstitutional resolution rescinded, as the
one was which was adopted in September last.
Mr. DAWSON moved that the House adjourn:
lost.
Mr. HOWARD'S amendment was then agreed
to.
The question then recurred on the resolution as
amended.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for a division of the
question, so as to take the vole on the first part,
rescinding the resolution of September last; and on
this part of the resolution he called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered, and were—yeas 121,
nays 113.
So the first branch of the resolution wa.5 agreed
to.
The question was then taken on the second branch
of the resolution, declaring " that Messrs. Prentiss
and Word are not entitled to seats in this House, as
members of the 25th Congress," and decided m
the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 116.
The question was then taken on the third branch
of the resolution, directing the Speaker to inform the
Governor of Mississippi of the decision of the
House, which was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 122, nays 88.
Mr. RHETT asked leave to present a resolution
directing the Clerk to pay Messrs. Prentiss and
Word the same per diem and mileage which mem-
beis of Congress receive.
Objection being made,
On motion of Mr. OWENS,
The House.adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 5,1838.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, enclosing a state-
ment from the First Comptroller, in answer to the
resolution of the 19th ultimo, requiring a list of ar-
ticles of imported merchandise on which duties are
assessed, with the rate of duty on each, together
with a list of all articles that are imported duty
free; which,
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Navy Department, containing a statement of
the contracts made by tbs Commissioners of the
Navy for the' year 1837: laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN pysented resolutions passed by
the Legislature of Pennsylvania, requesting their
Senators and Representatives in Congress to vote
for, and use their best exertions to obtain, the pas-
sage of a law authorizing the construction of a
Macadamized road from the National road, at
some suitable point west of the western base of the
Laurel Hill, by way of the United States arsenal
near Pittsburg and the State arsenal at Meadville,
to the harbor of Erie, and appropriating a sufficient
sum of money out of the Treasury of the United
States for its immediate commencement and speedy
• completion:" referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McK. also presented the. memorial of J. G.
Palmee and others, and the memorial of Justus
Davis and others, of Wyalusing, in the State of
Pennsylvania, praying Congress promptly to reject
nance.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of the trus-
tees of McDonough College, Illinois, praying for
a grant of lands in aid of the funds of that in-
stitution: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. Y. also presented the petition of sundry ci-
tizens of Illinois, praying for the establishment of
a mail route: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of the
widow of John Robertson, a soldier of the late war,
praying the renewal of a bounty land warrant: re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
William Wegton, late major in the service of the
United States, during the war with Great Britain,
praying for balance of pay and emoluments al-
leged to be due him: referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the petition of John
Lacy, praying to be indemnified for losses Sttáaitt-
ed by him, under a contract with the United'Stastei;
wbich was referred to the Committee on C^attris,'
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petitions of Joint
Norwood and William Brier, praying indenffiitj
for French spoliations prior to the year 1800;
which was referred to the Committee on Cbta-
meree.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of the
representatives of Captain Nathaniel Goodwin;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims;
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
the heirs of Captain John McCarty; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to furnish the Senate with the surveys of plans
and estimates for the improvement of the mouths of
the Milwaukie, the Root, the Manitowac, the She-
boyagan, and the Kewaunee rivers, and the Havre
bay.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred a resolution di-
recting an inquiry into the expediency of granting
certain lands to the Territory of Wisconsin, for
the establishment of a University, reported a bill
granting two townships of land for that purpose.
Mr. WALKER, in pursuance of notice, intro-
duced, upon leave, a bill authorizing the State.of
Mississippi to invest the two per cent fund.
Mr. LYON, from the Committee on Pablic
Lands, to which had been referred the bill from the
House for the relief of the heirs of John Campbell,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN, on leave, introduced a bill to
cede the public lands within the strict limits of the
new States, on certain conditions; which was twice
read and referred.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported without amendment the bill from
the House for the relief of Thomas Griffin.
Mr. YOUNG, in pursuance of previous notice,
and on leave, introduced the following bills, which
were severally twice read and referred:
A bill for the relief of James H. Ralston;
A bill for the relief of Alfred Westfall; and
A bill for the relief of Jacob Hanks.
The report from the Committee on Claims, un-
favorable to the petition of John Good, was con-
sidered and concurred in.
The resolution submitted by Mr. WILLIAMS
on Friday, calling on the President to communi-
cate, if not incompatible with the public intsrest,
copies of the correspondence which has taken
place between the Governments of the United
States, Great Britain, and the State of Maine, on
the subject of the Northeastern boundary, was con-
sidered and agreed to.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which the subject was referred by resolution
of the Senate, reported a bill to establish a port
of entry at Jersey City; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee onthe Libra-
ry, reported a joint resolution to provide for the
purchase and distribution of certain bonks for the
use of the committee rooms; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
The bill for the relief oflhe legal representatives
•of John J. Bulow, deceased, which was laid on die
table on Friday last, was then taken up, the ques-
tion being on its passage, when
Mr. KING opposed it, on the ground that it
would be inexpedient to legislate upon an isolated
case, before the proper and authentic report had
been made by the regularly authorized agente of
the Government. He would go as far as any inan
to do what was just in the matter, and to afford
such relief as might be done consistent with, what
was due to other interests; but until such report was
made, he could not feel himself authorized to vote
for that or any other bill of a like character.- There
might be cases of great individual hardship, and
this probably was; but admit the fact; he still
thought it better that an individual case should' be
delayed for a short period, than we stemid ran -the
risk, by a too hasty legislation, of imohiag the
country in a vast amount of cost, sséh as, in fact,
