164
-   '.....                  „,i,ni ,. „„„           ,,,■■■«.1     «i '     ■     ..  .~—™ .........
Mr. Cr considered the bill reported by the Fi-
nance Committee, and now under discussion m
this body, as embraced by tins resolution; and, be-
lieving, as he had always done, and still did, in the
right of instruction by State Legislatures to their
Senators in Congress, he felt no difficulty in de-
claring he should comply with the instructions in
good faith, by voting against the bill in all Us
¡stages. As to questions which may arise in the
progress of the bill, he should, without advising
with orconsulfng any one, give such votes, as in
his judgment ought to be given by a fair and hono-
rable opponent of the measure.
Mr. G. further remarked, that he should lose no
time in informing the member1: of the General
Assembly of Tennes.ee of the course ot conduct
adopted by him on this subject.
He then moved that the preamble and resolutions
should be read, laid upon the table, and printed.
The resolutions were then read, after which they
•were laid on the table, and oidered to be printed.
' The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretary of War, transmitting an abstract of the
general returns of the militia of the United States
together with a statement of their arm=, equip-
ments and mnn.tinns of War referred to the
Committee on the Militia, and ordered to be printed
The CHAIR al<=o communicated a report fiom
the War Department, transmitting a repoitliom
the Commissioner of Indnn Affairs, in answer to
the resolution of the 1 lth nit in rtlation to the In-
dian boundarj, referred to in the act authorising
the peoplt of Missoun to (orm a State Govern-
ment, «Inch,
On motion of Mi LINN, mis laid on the table
and ordend to be punted
Mr MERRICK presented the petition of Rich
ard B Mason, pra>mg indemnity lor the non-per-
forman<-r vr a conttact with him by the Commis-
sion! rs refeired to the Committee on Naval Af-
airs
Mr MERRICK also presented the • -tition of
R C. Hardesty, postmastei at------, 'me Arun-
del count;, Md praying to be compon  ed lor ex-
tra sen ires referred to ihe Committee on the Post
Office anil Pist Roids
Mr McKFAN presented memorials Irom sun-
dry (iti/ens of Pittsburg, praying toi the esta-
blishment ol i amine hospital at that place, «Inch
were ref< m d to tin CommiUfi on Cominero
Mr R1ICII \N\N presented lout memorials
from the oti/i ns ol Pittsbuig, of the same charac-
ter, whi< h were similarly refened
Mi KING presented the joint memorial of the
two Houses, of the General A sembly of ¡he State
of Alabama, aslting Congress to pas., a pre-emp-
tion law; a law graduating the price ol the public
lands, a law authorizing the reluiqmshment of the
16th section of land granted f r the use of schools,
where they mays be unproductive, and the location
of other lands in lieu thereof, and a ¡aw to cede
he refuse lands to the States in which they lie re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands
Mr WEBSTER rose to move that the report of
the Serrelirv of the Treasury', in answer to the re-
solution of the Senate, calling for nifoimation re-
specting the amount of the public monejs. in the
Commonwealth Bank, at Boston, be referred to the
Committee on Finance
In this repoit, si id Mr Weestor, the Secretar)
saysthat no mstri i lions weie ever given by the
Treasi'rv Depari w t to under lank notes of any
denomination to public creditors or officers, and he
says,, at the same time, that it was impracticable
to pay all the public creditors, especially on the
seaboard, m specie, as sufficient could not be col-
lected- The lav., the efoie, has been plainly one
way, and the practice the oihtr The act of Con-
gress aa\s no bills not equivalent lo specie shall be
olfeitd in pajment, and I commend this repoit to
the particular and careful perusal of those who
suppose they can maintain a bpeeie ennencj ¡or
Government, while they si>(Ter the general paper
euirency of the country to be depreciated In my
opinion, the state of things detailed m this report is
a correct swple, or a foretaste rf what we shall
experience, on a large «cale, w hen the Sub Trea-
sury bill shall have become law, and a nominal
swr ? ciarienc), lor revenue purposes, shall have
C0NGRESSKMAf, GLOBE,
.........*   ■...........   i.....i.....„„-ili,,.................•  ......
been esiabltshed. Atthongh the law now existing
is precise and positive, that Government officers
shall pay ail public creditors in specie, or bills equi-
valent to specie, and shall oiftr them nothing else,
yet the Secretar) says that it has been impractica-
ble to obtain «peeie for this purpose either of the
banks or the merchant ; and this \  says at a time
vv hen there is supposed to be a large quantity of
specie in the country Here, then, "is exactly such
a Mate of thm s as we propose ~ts establish by S ib-
Treasiines and an exclusive specie currency. We
see here precisely how the system will work.
While there ara banks (and banks there will be)
the specie will inevitably get into the banks, and
whenever any disaster happens to the banks, so
that they suspend specie payments, neither the Go-
vernment nor the merchants can i?et the specie out.
Dues to Government, thesefore, will not be lecetv-
ed m specie, and dm s Irom Government will not
be paid m specie. On the othei hand, if the bank 
maintain their credit, and redeem their «oles in
specie on demand, an exclusive specie currency
w ill be useless and unnecessary The result ol ill
w ill be, tint in exclusive specie currency will be
alwajs either unnecessary or unpiaetioable it
will le a superfluity or an impossibility
The lollowtn" sums ol public money appear, by
ihe Set telar) \ upon, to be now in deporte in that
bank
1st   The sum stand in <; to the i redil of
the Ticas irer ol the United St ties         - $3!),fi3.)
2d   Sum  repoited «i>  standing to  the
ciedit of the (ollntiir                 -          -    (¡3,041
3d   Amounts to the cred t oí the late
pension agency              ...  154,81ft
4th  Amount standing 10 the rtedil or
the en nmis oiiiji, lor building the cus
torn-house          ....   70,000
5th  Amount 1    the ciedit ol Major
Craig, Oidiidiiie Department      -          -      1,11')
<dh   Amount to unlit ol  tin Post Of-
fice Department -           -           -                  7,(111
7th   Amount to tin  ciedit ot the Pay-
master Gential              -           -          -         "It!
Making 1 total of          -          - j.i.19,517
The Stuel iry represents (hese deposito lo hat
lien male, genii ill), belure the suspension 11
speeie p.i)iuenls, but thai $1 riU,0()0 was received
by the bank in October and Pi «ember list, 011
dialls which had been issued by the Treasury 111
lavor of ihe bank before the suspension No
money has been directed lo be deposit! d in the
bank since the-iii«pi n'ton It is not statu! «hat
security cost, for the payment of flus large sum,
or what is the chance of Us payment
As to the manner m which the bank paid pen-
sions and bounties, 1 find attacht d 10 then port a
letter from Ihe President ol ihe b ink, in which he
says, 'hai "m all cases were the bills of this bank,
or any otlur bank, have been paid by tins bank to
pensioners, or lh< ir nltoine\s, tiny were ■volunta-
rily nteivid by them1" Ihe nature of these vol-
untary rueiplsol pajmenis, in dtpituattd paper,
his been sufliciently shown bj the li tier and t'l
affidavit uhii hi have laid bcfoic ihe Senate 'i lit
alhdmt stems not lobe  dffeeiitm facts
The stati 1 lent is—
f, A^U'iLhf 111 e il Beilitii'him in lit ( n neionwi lililí or
M<vnchti-¡t n? i. si 1 i } ie mi m tin tun 11 i rm nib l nl
Um t-tels I'll in 1 ¡1 ' > i* riire tti I sin 1 hut on thf limit
(1 tj ni üeUitií-1 It )V. Ust pill .lilt ! a tin oiin p oí till Pensil II
A^Mil i iihi. ri v I Í11 11! i rniM i|tiiiit (tin ti my n
tlifi B njnim I't tuiin I i lit * in i liny fnliii Hi Hi
ready h 11 on hand t(|iuiiii!v iitljp nllsoi ih i iinmOiiive ilth
tJnik an I instim ti 1 me to prm urf utlic moot y il ¡lorf"!!)!? Í
Oíiletl un i wis u(| its-Hit ti Sep m o ti HimuitiiiU it  If
cetr-diy itlidivil for whli !i I vws riitrn-i. ] ¡in] paid in ¡jpef a
uv niviive cerní I ih*n ricMvul i ihpck lor nixty (hie
il iIum «i i ! w is (tireeit I tiprPNint tin* cheek at the o¡ in Mte
i 11 f 1 tilt! yn in I fi nl ten ¡ill me it Itky dollar bill Í
f'i l mm mtMsilh Buik il« i í [hi n i i Uní e doihr tint of
ih time innk Í tit 'itic I c hut lii^m, ¡iiitsfin Í tint 1
w in f> i " mi th nf 1 pui r 1 t 11 il i ¡ it d tw mu i a lit <•
api r o 1 siionl 1 hl-i the etui it i i lUafs in f.pe 'e i'hoy tol t
mi* 1 mini ukt Uní or «nitu e I isipl ihim I n tin len nr
tti tiirei iiif«iici. IiiH vviri rffiin1 I thin niitd it lent
Í ,r thf m< ihv foec ma i i i.prrn iv mil I ful i i t jiiid, io< it
v.i r' luí. il 1 ihm n n'i nf1 ol then I Hist i if lin it i laii nl
it ! c\ wi nil pty ui! Re, jiuurmtrs in no inrii, lattli « tvvu
oiiiliit i! ! > takt* tin ir 11 U i miraiy m niy wlffnn^n i in^tmc
tin-                                           A A l'I( IÍXIUSO
This too, is a fair «peeimen of what wiii happen
luica'H, «hen vve shall h ive, noinmally, a sys-
tem of excluí i. specie payment-s and receipt.,
.....          U  ...........imHiOT'l'll    l    Hill   fMWMlflWiilillMltf Hl l|lllffi*'l      H'l{"   I'    H        I     ......'I***
Forty statotesi conld not forbid payments oí bank
notes more distinctly and peremptorily than the
present law forbids all payments in depreciated bank
notes. Yet, here* it is admitted, both by the dis-
bursing officers and by the Secretary himself, that
such depreciated btnk notes have been offered in
pajmuit and received, although the very offering of
them, that is, the act of proposing to make pay-
ments in such nojes, is in the teeth of the act of
Congress. So it will be hereafter. The law will
be positive that nothing but gold and silver shall
be offared, yet paper will be offered, and often ta-
ken; and just such contests will arise as that which
irises, in this case, the Government officers insist-
ing that the paper was voluntarily received, and
the party receivnu it, on the other hand, insisting,
and makms; oath that he resisted the receipt of it
as long as he coiild, and took it at last simply be-
cause he coukl f;et nothing else. I think any man
must be short-Mghled, who does not perceive that
occurences of this sort will be constantly happen-
ing under n system in which the Government uses,
or pretends to use, one cuirtjncy, and the people
anoint r.
Hut, sir, there is another impoi'int matter dts-
tloied m tins topón, to wluth 1 wish to till the at-
ti niton of the Senate
It is Known th it dm ins; the existence of the B ink
of the Untied State , the United Stales pensions
weie pint by that bank, without cost or charge,
and as the bank was a safe depository, no losses
happened to Government orto individuals.
When ihe bank charter expired, Congress was
(ailed on to make some othei piovision for paying
pensions, ami the act of April 20, 181b, was
P is e I That act provides that, in future, pay-
ments ol pension -shall be made by such'persons
or toi | oi mono, as the Secretary of War may dt#
icri, "but no compcrsttton or allowance shall be
| inuii lo uttli poisons ot  (orpoiations An makms:
sptli pniiHiiis, without auihoiily of law"
'     'Ihi  act «as  pissed under that clau e of the
I ( mi milium which authou/es Congtess, by law, t>
i vi st the appiiitiliiitnt of atich  tnleiiof oflicer an
ilny tliuiii pioptt, in the Heads ol Departments
I     Under this law the Secietai y ol War appointed
l  On  e oflici is, and a list of them lias been lecently
i   t by him to tin 'si.tiite     It will appear fiom the
| i< pi it (torn ihe War Department that,  like other
disbursing ofheers, they have been called on to give
ufln ml bonds, and there is no manner of doubt
that, to all mteiits and pui poses, they are officers
under the Government of the United States
But now to their pay. The act of April SO,
IHifl, creating the office and providing foi the ap-
pointment of the oflicer, declares, as I have alrea-
dy s tid, that no allowance or compensation shall
In made to them, without authority of law. Now
Congiess has passed no furthei law on the subject,
and yu how stands the m titer of their pay''
It will be remembered that, in 1834, the Presi-
dí nt, or Secretary of War, before the bank charter
expired, undertook to transfer the pension funds
fiom the Bank of the United States to the deposite
banks, and on that occasion, those deposite banks
vvue'iod, a will best en by this ieport, that, in
coiisiilerattoi of the benefits which they would de-
rive fiom lh< diposttts, no commission or salary
would be allowed
The same course vv is adopted arter the act of
18% p.used, so (hat, fiom that time to the present,
pension aruits, appointed by the Seeietary of
AVai, et their pa) by the use of the Government
Innds their hands Am! I find, by inquiry at the
prnpi i • ouree, that th< ¿< netal rule is, to advance
fit mussnrv funds h\ months befoie they will'.e
ru < <•<■ > so ih.it Ih' i«rt nt has the us-e of the money
(ot tin [> r oil, a id vv! < n the time comes foi pav-
u it io i',.. pi ii.i )i, is, liB pa) sit, and 'mmediatei)
i i i in fren th Treasury an advance for the
in st six iiiomhs Sy that he has-, the whole year
round, the u e of a sainl of morey equal to one-
half the whole annual amount of pensions paid at
his office
For instance, the whole annual amount of pen-
sions, paid at Boston, is three bundled and twenty
thousand dollars, or thereabouts. One-half this
sumison*- hundrel and sixty thousand dollars,
and the agent, as his compensation for paymg the
