CONímESSlpi^^jGi^ppp.
pensions, actually enjoys the use of this sum the
whole year.
Suppose the use of the money to be-worth six
per cent, per annum, the compensation thus made
to the pension agent in Boston is more than nine
thousand dollars.
So in New Hampshire, where there are two pen-
sion agencies, one at Portsmouth, and one at Con-
cord. At the Portsmouth agency, thirty-three thou-
sand dollars, or thereabouts, is annually paid out.
The agent, therefore, has usually on hand the one-
half of this sum, say fifteen thousand five hundred
do'lars, the interest of which would he near a thou-
sand dol'ar*.
.At the Concord pension office, the amount of
annual payments is six'y six thousand dollars.
One-half of this sum being usually on hint, the
agent receives, for discharging the duties of .his
office, the use of that one-half, say of thirlv-inr.ee '
thousand, dollars, which, at the' rate of sjx per
cent, peranum, amounts to nkeiecu hundred, or
two thousand dollars. These sums are taken from
official statements, and I believe are correct; and
the other general facts obtained from, authentic
sources.                                     '                     [
It will probably strike the Señale, in,' the first
place, that these ra'es of compensation are exceed-
ingly large, especially ,in these,days of professed
economy and reforms arid, in.the next place, .all
will admit that this mode'of ¿taking competisati.on
is the worst in the world,, as it places the funds.or
the Government .every d.a'y.at.bsizard. How this
mode of making,coinpensanon, or this atrmtint, of
compensation, can be reconciled to the. words.of the
act ot'.Cpngret-s, which de,cltu-e..thitt."ihere shall be
no compensation without authority, of law, J hope
some gentleman will u.nd,e!take to. explain.
In most.cases,,.but I. believe, not in  all,  the list
. will show these agents aro presidents of State baukv,
but the appointments, nevertheless, are personal
appointments, and the banks themselves are, not re-
sponsible for the agent's fidelity.   As I hare alrea-
'  dy said, the agents, like other disbursing officers
,", of Government, give. boA^s for 'he due discharge
of the duties of ..their office... I trust, sir, that the
..Committee on. finance Jjvjjj see ihe necessity of
",.' some, fui titer legal, .provision o.tjthis su,hj>.p,t.
Since ,1,am speaking on,, this subject, I will (said
. ]Vir. W,l take.ifave ,io make a leanark or two on a
', personal•roatti.'f. . T,hc.Globo of Saturday, s.iili p.ur-
'" suing, a,'cpp.rse.,qf .w4fjil)jng Wb.h die. private, cp"-
". cerns.of public rnqn^^hichcotirse, uevcrihi U^s, u
"'..admits js,e.x:ceetlitví',ly,.diíspií:ab'.t;, reitera^y. .charges
,J of niy.hayi.ng f'a4 .IXHW.'Vil'1!!!0!',01'-!,^ M'"1 9'""*    '
'.' moi>weftUJt'ÍRi^U-/l.'fhe()'ljvi<tii.i'^jw.t.ol,.all, tl s-,
'..as.bf th.Q fo.rn.ier.a.rt'jcle, iUs «yidcn,t,'is to hold out
" .an,appearance,that,, T owe, the bank, or .have owed
''.''it in times past.,   I. think it'.ytsry likely that, by .the
;,.time'.this- statement .of ,tbc Globe gets .a  hundred
.'jniles from.'íVashington, ,¡t wi|( be so amplified, as
'to' represent we as au, acknowledged debtor ,lo the
l.bank to ..a. great, amount;, and, ...by. the linic.it
~'geis over' ÜV: mountains,,' the.fai.'ure of t,he bank
\yill be mainly  ascribed, very .possibly, to its loans
to me.. I repeat, therefore.  that .f never owed, the
'."bank a dollar,.so far an I,,relitember,.not'ova had
any peciiniaiy IrajVj-aotiou with it v. Ir.tc.'vr.
The, statement, is, that a bill dr.iwn I y me, and
accepted was sent to" the bank for e.nüeetiun, and
..not duly paid by the acceptor.   4s,_ wa.s.of coui'mi
retutied upon the drawer, and ,du',y paid and taken
up by him. . AU  Ibis >s vctv, Htiirap.ortant and iu-
,Hi)cent;.,bitt it is slated  as.if'with,studious ik-sjgn,
to represent me  a.'* a .debtor to..t!ie.bau!<; wlurcvv,
in the first place,,the  bank  had  no,interest in it
whatever; arid, in the second place, it was dttlv
paid, by the-drawer on  the accept ''  n.egl.eot.    As
to any acceptance of my. own, .scut to that bank
foe collection, being, protested, I never he: rd of it,
'' to mf'koowiedge. - If such  a thing happened, it
«tost have- been .aepiden}al.,„M.cl owing to ¡-orne
''. mistake as to the day, .which was seasonably cor-
rVct'id. ' Nor   can it be true  that.any note  or bill
. with my  name on. ,it was handed- over to another
* bank'.on fhs. ffti'lmro-of. this, C„.imm.o,nwcállb. Bank,
'" "unless" ü.was.jsoípe. -de.ad note, or .bill whicjb .had
'" bien already jj.aicf fpahose ."who.were e9.titte4.to re-
~7ce4ve;páyme,fij,'3'H?' áppjjr ri,t.an.íi <!.h¥ qs.n.ur-    .
"pose of íepreiíen4}p^.i^.á.?-? j.lebloi; l9...!tie-.haak,   J
or as ever having been a borrower at it, is found-.
ed in sheer misrepresentation and-falsehood*." '
1 perceive that the'd.rectors, or officers,'of this
bank have been ¡jusyin^ themselves to help out "the
statements of* the"Globe;' yet rió" one them say**' I
ever owed' the1bank á'dollar in' the \vórld;"théy
might, I think", be better..employed. "It has'béen
stated publicjy'th^t'these officers have helped them-
selves to Ibans.frorritheir own bank, tbanamount
exceeding the amount of all its capital, and'then
.failed, batik and all'/leaving a prodigious m'ass'of
unredeemed! paper upon the bands of the public. I
"know.,hot how this"may be; but", until the charge
is cleared up, one should think they might find
.' b'-tteremployment'than in attempting to bolster up
slanderous' imputations' against their neighbors,
and attacking people who hive not the misfortune
¡ó "owe thet'n any thing.
, "Jitr' NILÉS said he had.no intention to interfere
in the personal contention between the Senator
from Massachusetts and the Editor of the Globe,
fie thought they were very well matched, and both
quite competen! to take care of themselves. He
Would only add, that he was glad" to hear 'that Ihe
' gentleman had,paid his protested drafts, and that
the Commonwealth Bank, which appeared to be in
, á bad way, had sustained no loss from that quarter.
His object in rising was to say that he believed
the' gentleman was mistaken, if hi asserted, as he
(Mr. N.) understood him tó do, that the pension
agent at Boston had'personally received the benefit
of the use of the funds which had been advanced
for tho payment of pensions, some months previous
to the period when they were required for disburse-
ment.' He (Mr. N.) had some knowledge on thi*
subject, having been once a director in a deposite
bank, ilie president of which was a pension agent.
The practice was to appoint the presidents of de-
' pbsite banks agents hut the bank itself was consi-
dered' as, the real agent, and the use of the funds
went to compensate the bank for its expenses in
performing the pension agency. Tlii> president
was not personally benefited by the funds, or, at
leaslj that was the case of .the president of the de-
posite, hank ni his own State, and to which he had
referred;"and he'presumed the practice had been
uniform, as the; directors of that bank applied to
th" Secretary of the Treasury to have á different
"person 'appointed, which thn Secretary declined,
saying flyit he considered the hank as Ihe real
¡ti-'oni; ih.it he regarded the president as acting for
the hank, and (Hat he ootifd not appoint any other
person. Although the law did nut expressly require
■' Siís'áppbiníment, yet such had been the practice.
' Mr.' N. believed, therefore, that tho Senator was
entirely 'mistaken in supposing that the pension
«geni "hail pocketed the benefits of the use of the
funds' remitted to pay pensions.
in regard' to the advancement of pension funds
some months before they were to be disbursed, it
was doné as a compensation to the bank for its ser-
vices and the expellees of the pension agent, where it
had imt other funds in deposite sufficient for that
purpoM . The bank co'uW not aflVTrdto hire one' or
two clerks to perlbim the Service' lor' nothing; the
law contemplated that (he hank was lo he rémune-
ra'i"d by'the iw of the public moneys. The hank
i.i uh.c.h he had ref-ned, in BisoiyuState, incurred
ail expense of sum'thiiii; like fifteen hundred dol-
1'irs a i'ear, and iii receipts from the public revenue
were "merely ii'imina!; and If moneys to be dis-
bursed were" not remitted until Ihey were to be paid
out,'it would have increased this expenditure,
wiltin'ut any remuneration, directly or indirectly.
tie fi-,- ievej that the law never contemplated this;
neither did he belie ve that th-re was any U'>ss to the
Treasury, so far as respects the use of the funds,
as thev may as, well be in one deposite bank as in
another, as the Government received nothing J".>r
thétrí, or not previous to the act of 1836, and under
that only,' in certain contingencies, the allowance
of two per cent.
If the Treasury has sustained any loss from this
' practice, it was the result of the deposite system,
which re-iied cm a false and dangerous principie.
Jl.'<i thanked the Senator for bringing  this matter
' before the"Senate, as it presented a strong case to
.• illustrate theda'fi'get'ous and' corrupting teaiteneies
' of the'deposite"s'jStem'.'   That" system %v"as ba'sed
,165
on.uxe principle of paying "for" "publfc services,by
¡He use of'the '.'public" revenues, tod k"&Wre fte'rni-
cions''principle could nbf 'Be co"aceivetb"'':Wiiether
the public^funds.are deposited ih.a'Tfá'fiónál.'b'a'tjli,
or State "bhüfci, 'the principle, is ihe 's;ifíté.',/';ííe
"hoped the system would bé ábáhdbrieií,'1 artel \for
ever, and Aat'Wes'hóuld' 'return''to'Ihe'eafrPj'"^-
• pie, 'anil' honest practices" 'of !Ké'Govér'n1n'éfit,.'")I;et
lis take care of otií'óVf& "fttlidá, :átrrt piy'tiu'Kpu&lic
' agents for'their verilees.' ;'If trié1Tréa'íury"haS^'Üs-
faine'd'any loss'in iheca'ses r'éfer'réd'ítí'by'irieSeiía-
tor,'it has resutted frqih'this ptifpfis'térWs'systetri'of
thrbwing our funa'sintd'thé-' fiá'ñ,ds"óf'cofp'r>fati'oñs,
not to be kept, but to be tiseíi'ás'acohipéíífn'tiHrí'for
services "performed for' the-"'Cro'Veinfe'eny"''' How
can we complain of losses "Wb'ich'áreíliíe'légTt'irnate
fruits of a bad system? '.If wé nWo-v'' oüí'íhrtneys
ío b.é sported with, or usedin'spec'ulatióti'j"Sh'á'fhe
gambling transactions of individuals^ can Vé'With
any justice or propriety complain ti'\hfey;'iií'élSr|tfiiri-
der'ed and wasted. ' As we are rioV about -W'settle
the fiscal policy of the Government^ hfe hcip'ea'that
examples like these would not be withoW their-"in-
fluence on the minds of all' who-haitl á'si'nglrí eye
-to the safety af the public revenues, and the inte-
rest of the people.
Mr. WEBSTER, replied,' that the law' provided,
in so many terms, that these pension 'agents shall
receive no compensation without provision by law.
The Senator from Connecticut argued, therefore,
that as it was necessary tó males the lift*,' "it Was
necessary for" the head* of the'Depártm'eiti;tó"super-
seíe the laws. In the next place, the law provided
that' the Secretary might appoint such persons or
such corporations as he; pleased. ""But these ap-
pointments were always personal áp'p'tiiht'rn'ents,
and the person appointed was aii"'dmcéf-''of"Üie
Government, and'gave bond fo'rthefuTnrMeíitof
his duty, like any other officer, arid asTie'tMr.* W.)
understood it, the'bank of Which he was an officer
was, in no way, responsible for his; good conduct.
It was a personal affair altogether. This matter
had nothing lo ifo with the deposite System. All
he had to say was, that a'pension agency was a
particular appointment, under a particular, law.
The subject was for the attentio'rt'of Congress', and
no matter whether 'the cómp'éhsa,tiiMv-weiil.''to a
bank or to an individual, it Was loó'i'áfgel'"He
only desired to call' tho attention of the Cdmffiiltee
on Finance to the existing; stafe of thing's,-it! order
that they might apply the remedy.       '   """"-   .
Mr. NILES remarked,' that he .believe'u there
was no law providing for the appointment of iiidi-
vkluals as pension agents, which declare'd that
they should perform that service without any com-
pensation. It there was, it would certainly be a
very extraordinary law. He believed the 'fact was,
that the act incorporating the Bank of Ihe United
Stat.es, required^ that ¡n-jiimtion to perfomi'the ser-
vices of commissioners of loans', timbng'&ther ser-
vices, in ,corisi'der,atwn of, r¿cé¡'yiijg"'W,ue.pdsites of
tho' Government.' When the •'d.epostfe.S' were re-
maysd fr,onr.thát bank ahoy)|ac.efl',hi vSl5).Winstitu-
' fjons', they,were Stqnireil1 to pérfbrm'tné sime ser-
' vices', and for the like'consideration.''1 Tire'act the
gentleman has read, provides for the appointment
of ehher individuals or qorpn'ratiuus as pension
agents, and he heUevedj tint iii practise, corpora-
tions only had been appointed.
Mr. WERSTER said that the letter hTihe" Corn-
sinner, fixing the compensation which hasheeu
adopted as the basis of the arrangement', sp'oke for
itself. Mr. W. then read the law of 'ffie'2flfli April,
183G, before, referred to".   '         '   '"'     ' "   .....
Mi. NILES rejoined that thé'lawspdke of "per-
sons or corporatitns." He.was'notatvafe"that any
othsr than corporations had been appointed.
Mr. CRlTTENDfíNsaid; this reporfw.i.s quite
an anomaly. Of the" pubjic'money $'70","0(}O wire
gone in one sum by this bank; and MtV C. ob-
served that early in October, 1836, the Secretary of
the Treasury had deposited'§300,000 with" the com-
missioner for "building" the new cuJtóm-fióuM.' at
Boston,;atkl afterwarrKISft.O'OO more, makm  the
'¡mm offSS^^OOj and of this sum, when the bank
failed, there were |70.000 remaining in ft. If' the
Senator * from Connecticut was so" tenacious'in
niaintaiitbtg the uprigh'iie^s .of Treástír'y mairage-
'ú5¿at','perhaps: he ..could furnish soiire'pxcuse fir
