CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l%?
drawn cm him, (according to the present usage q!
the Department,) and further filing the rate of
compensation, to be paid to the clerks provided for
in the bill.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky s^id, the gentleman
frdrri New Hampshire has intimated his intention
to address the? Senate on this subject to-morrow,
and has brought forward an amendment. There
is a po.nt in regard to this Mi, which has attracted
my attention \ery particularly, arid I vv.sh u >w to
mention ¡t, that hi  at'e.i'.o'i may be drawn tnat
way                                                                         |
l cas va    much siruc'v, on i adinst the fn-d s<x- i
ttOttof the b.11, at tb^. e-ctraordiu iiy di.,div ol  Ail!  '
mint/ea e I by these frnvcie'i wíio aie lo lead ihe i
country by th s mearme out oí all  us  diiiioalti^s.  I
Tne Senator from New York, (Mr.  Which i.) hi |
the course of the addiess with which he favored the .
Sépate, stated the remarkable fact that, hom the
ofigm of the Government to the p'csenl time-, th' re .
had been no designation oí a Treasury of the United
States, that is, of no pamculai baildm^s, looms,
or vault), whuh were nece^ ary  id constitute a
Treasury, and tbit in this bill this delect was is-
medied bv providing that certain looms m thv new
building, now m a comse oí election in t us city,
are to be d(  iarc I by law to be tne ruana y oj Lie
United &lates.
I had supposed  (continued Mi    C)  that   tin   |
Trt-vsury ot tlkse United Htates  and   (he   ucasuii   i
ueie identical, and that H he rev ei was th« ti as'ii , i
«hethei in custom-houses, n bmk-, 01 any «hue
tKc, there also wa> the Troisuiy     It, loi  dam   |
pie, a pan oí ¡hipubln money wa    in   tin   hinds i
<>1 the ÍSmiigi ot Londo >, or  tin.   Hopes   ol Am   !
sieidam, it wouid be still  m the Tieasuiy, just as  '
much as i( it were m vaults m theeiiy  oi   Wish-
wgton     Bat it seems'he S"iiatoi Iiom New \ork |
has made anothci ids ovay, m adlmon to the no- i
ceKsity loi looms, van is,  \,io y   boxi ,    aits, or |
old cupboaids, m which to licip *«uie ihe ptilihc
moni), and that is, that it  is also necessaiy tint
theie should be some p.iflietiiai place to be regaul-
cd as the Treasury.
I draw the a.tealion of the Senate to i'iis, tint
they may see what results must follow    Tne Coi-
Mitution has piovided th it iio money shall b< drawn ,
iiom the  Tiea°wy bat m pursuince ol pievious '
appropriations  nude by law, and  whatcvci is in |
the Treasuiy, in  the meaning oí the Constituí ion,
cannot be diawn iio.i, it except bv piwtv, oí I tu   1
under the  GoiinIiüiuju     But (siud Ah.  C)   In   ,
wliatever is sM/iout the 1'reasu.y, the.    is tin cm-  |
stitntiona! provision, they may diaw it out at thur
discretion, and send it any wheie, ah dispose o! it
as they please.
And what larthcr is there?   Alt the money which
will be placed in the  Treasuiy piovnied  by this
bill will be the Utile that will be collet ted or suapid
together m  this District oí  te  miles square, and
this, of consequence, will be  the whole amount
which will be subject to Ihe constitutional ptoii-
sion to which 1 have referred.    All that is ni Ni a
York, where a moiely of the public revenue is col-
lated—all that is in Boston, I'liliek-lphii,  BiKi-
more, New Orleans, constitutnij; nt trlj the wh le j
ot the actual  treatment the 'Jiidwl ¡suites, is c\- ,
eluded from the Treasury by the bill, and a" oi I- ,
mí to the. Senator from New Yoi. , wit be all I
placed without ihe pon<r ot ihe 11\\ <> d u.e Coi- |
ftuntion, and may be disposed ol I>, the Ck-c ctatv
and Treasui eras thev ma\ th.uk  pui|or    I s u
this (said Mr. C ) as  so n.sl rent t, and mini -
jous other tiling alike objutionaule, «huh I will
not notice now.    Kia  ¡hat ihe Tieasu \ i  to be
limited to the ten miles- píate, and to tin ini-ua
ble gleanings to be found m tin   Oi  in      intime
beaaj thing more pieposlcions'
Tnere weieothei detects m the 111', an I (the 
amendments had been oifeied, but 1 did not cale
about voting upon them On the stock-jobbing
section, tor instance, (said Mr. C ) which the Sena-
tor (rom South Carolina (Mr Calhoun) moved to
strike out, I d.d i-ot vote on lint; and why? Tie
whole measure is- so hideous, so monstrous, thit it ,
w incapable oi bung placed in any form that vvou d
command my approbation; an 1 I cotxld not think it
proper in any shape whatever.
But I haá anote reason (said Mi, C) for ta-
king no part m the motion of the Senator from
South Carolina to strike out that section. The Se-
nator from New York (Mr Wright) opposed the
motion, the Chancellor of the Exchequer diflVn'd
from the new Premier of the Administration on
this point, and I v\ anted to sea how the party would
vote, I wished to see how the household troops
would move, winch they would follow, the C íai -
cellor or the Premier. Sir, the Chancelloi wis
left in a mmo ity, and, acco>dmg to the usage oí
the Ginernmen from which wedeme much of our
political sjstem, and our customs, the Chance'lor
on .rhi immediately to have thiown up the seals.
The amendments of Mr. HUBBARD being
afrr < 1 to—
Tne Senate went into the consideration of Execu-
tive business—
Alter which, it adjourned
IIOTJisL OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wi D\i:siuy, February 7, 1838
Mi   BYNUM was  announced as h iving been
appointed to fill the vacancy ol Mr Clmuornj. on
the Committee on Foreign Aflairs.
detect Committee on the subject of purchasing G-tlbeit
bit  .Hi's oUrfinid ¡wrtiaits of the futt five iVest-
(¿iii/? of ike Ciutid States
Messis CUS!UNO}, oí Massachusetts
1MC1J ARDSON, ol South Carolina
GAK1ANO, ot Louisiana
HUNll.lt, of Virginia
HOI IWIA.N, oí N w Yoik
Hepoi.s from ci minutéis were then called lor
i i Ams
Mi   CVMTBELL ot Tennessee imported abill
¿tu the i(het of Abel A  Paiks ami otheis.
e oMMl nel
Mr   SMITH  riputul a inpplonu nt to the ie-
po t  on lfii numl ei, ( oinp Mmm u   and   duttrs   (.1
t iisio ji-house ollu c i n,   an 1   also a  n solution that
ÜUO0 cUiatopii   ol ihe who',   upon,  documents,
an I bill   on the suae subject be punted, which was
concurre .1 in
Ul \ 01 T  HON 11.1   1 1NS10NS
Mi EWIIN'O icpoited a bill jrannmr a pension
to SI irtln Strong
When the Com mu tee on the Expenditures of fli"
Tost Olbce Depaitment was called up m,
Mi WISE begged to uiquue of the i hairman of
that i oi'imitlee, (Ml Cmi us, o! New York,) wbe-
thel that corarai tee had hid an> muimsr, or pio-
poscd to do so, oi ( untcmpla'ul in ikiu_' any report
at all, ot it they had disch.cV.jeil ain ot th( duties
belonging to them, this sc-sum?
Mi Cnuus not being in his seat, no response-
was ¡ri\ en to Mi. Wisi 's mq m \
I'MVIII   I  IMKHI  is
Mi. H\RL VN lepoitedSenail  bill entitled "An
act to provide ¡or the hgal adjudii alion ai.d settle-
melt ol the claims to Knd ol Caron Bastrop,
Muquís de Baton Rou«e, and otheis, m Louisi-
ani, an I sundry p rsons in \ikansis," with a re-
cinmnenditiim that the same do not pass, and
1'ined Us comimtuieiu to a Committee of the
Whil"
Mi U VRLAND ol Louis'ini t ovedits lecom-
m.tui''ut to the Committee on Private LandCla.ms,
whieh, altei a lew wouls m support of die motion
by Mi JOIINMJN of L luisiana, was agiced to.
Mr GlRLAMiol V.igma, on leaie,submit-
ted tne following   s lutioii
Hi so t,el, Tuat 'he S eietan ol the Treasury be
a uhoi / il to employ .io n any emp irary cleiks
.is hall b nee ^saiy toei ib'ol.untoiepoit, during
! the pit n ' -evs on, the eoirespjiidencc called for by
au uiiiiimol tins House ot ihe 13 h iUj oí Oc-
tohei la t, in lelation to public defaulters
Mi tí. ¡rave asareasonfm oiTenna;thisresolution,
the fact that the Secretary of the Treasury had not
suihe icnt force in the Depaitment to comply with
the call.
Mr. WISE begged the fact to be noted that the
number of the publ c delaulters was so great that
it is nuessary to adopt this resolution to make out
a list ol  them.
Mr Me KAY pies'iuW when the gentleman got
the infoimation, if would not piesent such a lor-
mtdabte list of delaulters as he contemplated.
Mr. McK. wa& not opposed to the object of this
resolution, buthe objected to its form, since under
it the Secretary of the Treasury might appoint as
many clerks as he pleased, without authority of
law; and if this were once conceded, it might bs
augmented to any amount. It was violative, in its
present form, of every principle of constitutional
law.
Mr WISE suggested that, in order to render the
resolution unexceptionable to his friend from North
Carolina, it be made m the form of a joint resolu-
tion.
Mr McKAY added that the list of defaulters
was already complete, and the object of his friend
from Virginia (Mr. Garland) was to procure the
correspondence between the Secretary of the Trea-
sury and receivers and collectors
Mr. GARLAND nodded his assent.
Mr. WISE understood the resolution of the late
special session, calling ior the number of defaulteis,
he did not remember its exact terras, had not been
complied with, and that the head of the Treasury
Department wanted additional force to enable him
to answer it.
Mr. GARLAND would say nothing about what
the document would, or would not, disclose. Of
that he should be prepareel to speak when the dis-
closuies were made, and he now asked nothing or
sought nothing but what every member of the
House might desire, and that was, to ascertain
what was the true state of the mode of collecting;
and disbursing the public money by the agents of
the Government The resolution, in addition to
the íesponse already furnished to the House, called
for the correspondence of the three years of '35, '6,
and '37, and the Secretary had reported a list of
the defaulters, the amount of their defalcations, and
the steps taken to recover them, but the Solicitor
ot the Treasury said he could not comply with the
latter part of the resolution, because the corre-
spondence was so exlensive, and his force inade-
quate.
Mr. G. stated that he did want to show one
fact, viz that there had been more loss, and more
embarrassment from conducting the public
finances through, individual agency than through
the State banko
Mr. G. then modified his resolution, by adopt-
ing it to the form of a joint resolution, and it was
read twice, the question being on its third reading.
Mr CAMBRELENG baid he did not rise to op-
poseMhe re olution, for, on Iheotherhand, he should
give it his most cordial support, but on this inves-
tigation about public defalcations, he would call the
attention of the gentleman from Virginia, and the
immliTs of the House on all sides, to the document
airoady published in pursuance of his íesolution.
A more complete libel upon dead men never was
pub isheel bv order of Congress. For one, he was
not altogether sorry that this document had been
published, because they had been m the habit of
publishing without examination, and it might make
them more cautious in future. Let any gentleman
peí use this report, and he would find a record in it
of every defaulter from the origin of the Govern-
ment to the present time, not one half of whom,
were defaulters, and a laige proportion of whom
were in their graves Upon the adjustment, too,
of most of those accounts at the Treasury, those
balances of a hundred and two hundred thousand
dolíais had not only been, in a majority of ease',
reduced to no'hing, but, upon a final settlement, it
was found that the Government itself was in debt.
And yet the House had sent five thousand copies
of this libel abroad to Ihe world, impugnóle the
charactersof dead men of the highest respectability,
who never owed the Government a dollar.
In proof of this, Mr. C. adduced the instance of
the district attorney at Philadelphia, (Mr. tnger-
sool,) who was represented to be a defaulter for up-
wards of |75,000, when the f«t was, that on th=
final decision of the court, only |3,000 was found
to be due by him, and he had vouchers in his pos-
session, ruled out by the court, because n it pre-
vioi sly presented to the Treasury, ft r $7,000,
thereby making him a ci editor, instead of a deb or
to the: Government. This great balance Ind ap-
peared against him from the practice of th- Go-
vernment m charging the district attorneys wnh
ihe bonds, whether they were paid or not.
