CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
a power so extensive, especially when confer-
red upon such, a host of subordinate offi-
cers, might be abused, every Senator could at
once perceive. Merchants who had fitted out
vessels to trade with foreign countries in a state of
war might be thus harassed and annoyed; and that
tou without any good reason. The present exigen-
cy demanded no such general change in our neu-
trality laws; perhaps in this particular, it demand-
ed no change at a!!. What was that exigency'* An
insurreciion had broken out in Upper and Lower
Canada against the British Colonial Governme-it.
These itwo Provinces, together with Texas and-}
Mexico, were conterminous with the United States.
The duties of good neighborhood, the preserva-
tion of peace and quiet along the border?, required
that the rights of our cbizens, under the law of na-
tions, should be abridged in furnishing arms and
munitions of war to the insurgents. A few plain
and simple, but precise provisions had been adopt-
ed by the Senate, confined to the particular case in
point, and other similar cases which might arise, to
prevent our citizens from sending vessels or vehi-
cles, arms or munitions of war across the border,
intended to be employed in aiding the insurgents in
their hostile attempts.
Mr. B. said there was no more fruitful source of
error in legislation, than to make general and inde-
finite provisions, when the evil to be remedied was
confined to a particular and special case. You
could never know to what extent your law would
proceed in practice. You would thus often do
more harm by embracing cases which you had not
intended, than you would do good by remedying
existing evils.
Considering the urgent necessity of the present
crisis, and the danger that the passage of any bill
might bs defeated by a collision of opinion between
the two Houses, tuecommittee had determined not
to move a rejection of the first section of the bill
from the House. Tney had contended themselves
with proposing such amendments as would confine
its operation within proper limits. According to
these amendments, the articles which might be
seized were restricted to arms and munitions of
war; and their places of destination would not be
the world generally, but only conterminous coun-
tries. If any Senator required a further explana-
tion, he would cheerfully give it.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he considered the
amendments offered such as under all the circum-
stances ought to be adopted. There were, he slid,
two cousideraiions winch, on general principle.,,
recommended the adoption of the amendments.
The first was, that the power of the Executive was
probably too much extended by the bill, without
the changes introduced, and the oiher, that the
right of the citizen to conduct foreign trade and
commerce was too much abridged. The subject
had been so long before Congress, and there ap-
peared such necessity for the immediate passage of
the bill, that he fully concurred with the honorable
chairru.tn m expressing the hope that it might at
once hi finally disponed of.
2vtr. NORVELL said he .vouid like to propoun t
one qiiest.ou to the h*>nor.wle ch.-tinni.i. It wa->
well k'iown, said Mr. N. that these patriots, as they
were called by some, adopted a mode of operation
extremely difficult to detect. They were in the ha-
bit of procuring wagons like tbxue used by the tin
pedlers, in which were secreted arms and muni-
tions of war; and these were driven over the lines,
or hidden in the Maumee swamps, from whence
they could be taken at pleasure. Mr. N. wMied
to know if there was any clause in the bill wnicn
would reach this case so as to prevent any violation
of our neutrality laws?
Mr, BUGHANAN replied, that tne bill did
make a precise provision in its second section, to
meet the case proposed by the Senator from
Michigan.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The second amendment was then read as fol-
lows:
Section 2. Strike out the proviso at the end oí
this sectioned insert in its stead the following:
" Provided that nothing in this act contained sha'i
be construed to extend to, or interfere with any
trade in arms or munitions of war, conducted in
vessels by sea with, any foreign port or place what-
ever, which might have been lawfully earned on
before the passage of this act, under the law of
nations, and the provisions of the act hereby
amended."
Mr. BUCHANAN said that a short explanation
of this amendment was necessary. The second
section of the bill seemed to be intended as a sub-
stitute for the first and second sections of the bill
wtveh had passed the Senate. Our bul had been
confined to citizens of the United States; the bill of
tile House embraced all persons. We had believed
that of the United States prevented their own
citizens from aiding in insurrectionary movements
in neighboring provinces or countries, we had per-
formed our duty. He need scarcely state that un-
der the law of nations, it was lawful for citizens of
ihe United States to sell arms and munitions of war
to foreigners, without regard to the use which was
intended to be made of them. If they were cap-
tured in proceeding to a foreign country, this was
the fate of war, and the foreign purchaser must
suffer the loss. We had not intended to abridge
this trade: and hence our bill had confined the
seizures to arms and munitions of war belonging
to citizens of the United States.
The provisions of the House bill might essen-
tially interfere with our foreign commerce m arms
and munitions of war, unless they were confined to
ihe particular objects which we all had in view.
. For example, Mexico was a country conterminous
with the United States. Suppose the existence of
a civil war there, and the oppanents of the Go-
vernment to have obtained possession of the port
. and city of Vera Cruz. Under this bill, neither citi-
zens of the United States nor foreigners could carry
cargoes of arms or munitions of war to that city
from any of our ports, for the purpose of selling
them to the party m the civil war opposed to the
Government, because it would be notorious that
they were intended to be employed in carrying on
military operations within the territory of a friendly
power; and yet such a trade had always existed.
The object of the proposed amendment was to
preserve this trade to our citizens, by confining the
operation of the second section of the bill to the
interior frontiers of the United States, leaving the
trade by sea m arm's and munition's of war to be
regulated as it had been heretofore under the act of
1818.
He might ebserve that there was a palpable in-
consistency between the second section itself and
the proviso to it. Whilst the second section clearly
and properly abridged the rights of individuals to
trade in arms and munitions of war, under the law
of nations, for the purpose of securing peace and
harmony with friendly neighboring powers, the
proviso, as it stood, declared that nothing in the
act contained should he so construpd as to interfere
with any such trade at present sanctioned by the
law of nations.
The third amendment was then read as follows:
Section three, line  twelve,  insert after the word
'■'time" the words, "not exceeding ten days."
Mr. BUCHANAN said that, in almost every re-
spect the House had adopted a much stronger mea-
sure than the Senate had deemed necessary. We
did believe that where a man's property was seized
upon suspicion, no matter how strong, if he would
give bond and good security, in double its value,
that it should not be employed in violating the pro-
visions of the law, that it ought to be immediately
restoied to his possession. The House had adopt-
ed a different opinion. Under the provisions ol their
bill, at least three months must elapse before arms
and munitions ot war could be restored to the own-
er, upon his giving such a bond and seeur.ty. The
proposed amendment was intended to correct what
he could not but believe was a mere omission in the
House. As the third section now stood, the officer
or person who had seized the property might hold
it as long as he himself deemed a reasonable time
without applying to the Judge lor a warrant for its
detention. The committee thought thwi some limit
ought to be fixed to his discretion. The proposed
amendment, therefore, provided that he should
make this application to the Judge for a warrant
within a reasonable time, not exceeding tm days
from the date of the Sv-teure.
The fourth amendment was then read and adopt-
ed, without debate; and is as follows.
Sec. 7. After the words "reason to believe in
the second line," insert as follows: that the provi-
sions of this act have been or are likely to be vio-
lated.
The fifth amendment was then read as follows:
And the following as anew section.
Sec. 9. Jlad be it further enacted, That this act
shall continue in force for the period of two year.?,
and no longer.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that the last amendment
proposed by the committee was, to limit the exist-
ence of this act to a period of two years. He was
not at all satisfied with the bill; and he believed he
might say as much for the Committee en Foreign.
Relations. But the crisis demanded that we should
adopt some measure promptly; and they had deemed
it necessary to take this measure, with all its im
peifections, rather than do nothing. Such seemed
to be the only alternative, under existing circum-
stances. There was one complaint, at least, which
could not justly be made against the bill; and that
was, that it did not give sufficient power to the
Executive. The committee were opposed to ma-
king this a permanent law, and placing it as such
upon our statute book, as part of our code to regu-
late our neutral relations with foreign Governments.
He hoped that before two years should elapse,
some well-considered and carefully-drawn bill
might be adopted on the subject, which should be
strictly confined in its provisions to our conferral- .
nous neighbors along our interior frontiers.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That so much of the annual report of
the Secretary of War to the President as relates to
the management and safe-keeping, or investment of
money in the hands of officers of the Government
to the several Indian tribes, or to individual In-
dians, be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of paying to
the merchants of Mobile the sums paid by them in
costs on the extension of duty bonds, in conformity
with the previsions of an act of Congress approved
the 16th October, 1837.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of granting to the Portage Canal Company of
Wisconsin Territory, the right of pre-emption to
fractional section 9, and ihe part of section 4 which
lies between the Wisconsin and Fox rivers, both in
township 12 north, range 9 east, for the purpose of
enabling the said company to construct a canal
between the Wisconsin and Fox rivers, as pro-
vided by the act of the Legislature of Michigan,
approved March 7, 1834.
On motion of Mr. LINN,
The charter of the company, togcher with sun-
dry other documents, were referred to the same
committee.
On motion of Mr. YO JNG,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to communicate to the Senate, with as little delay
as practicable, a copy of the recent survey of
Lieut. Stansbury of the corps of engineers, in rela-
tion to the improvement of the navigation of the Il-
linois and Kaskaskias rivers, with appropriate draw-
ings of the rivers at those points where the naviga-
tion may be obstructed, and the estimate of ex-
penses to remove the same.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
Resolved, That the Secretaries of the Navy, War,
and Treasury be directed to communicate to the
Senate the names of all persons who in and since
the year 1832 have been appointed to the; office of
pension agents by said departments respectively,
stating the authority utnlei which such oppoini-
ments have been made, copies ,of all inductions u>
such agents, the form of the coinmis-iion or letters
of appointment, the sums of money advanced to
such agents respectively, for the purpose of paying
pensions, and the times of such advances, the
amount paid annually at each office,  the average
