CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                                            219
there the slightest foundation for the fear that the
banks can be, in any manner, affected by an ac-
cumulation of revenue in the Treasury, whether it
consists of specie or Treasury notes. Such appre-
hensions, for two years to come, we know to be
unfounded; for our current expenses and existing
obligations will require all our resources; the reve-
nue must be paid out as fast as it is collected, and
the balance in the Treasury must remain at its mi-
nimum. And there is no prospect-, -whatever, for
four years at least,,of a surplus, whether collected
in specie or otherwise, which can, in any manner,
affect injuriously the trade, credit, or currency of
thfi country. There is certainly, therefore, no sa-
tisfactory reason for providing, at this time, for the
investment of a surplus which may accrue at some
future period, not now to be anticipated.
From the actual condition of our finances, and
the probable state of our receipts and expenditures
for the future, it is obvious, that the question as to
the medium in which our revenue shall be collected,
must be, for some time to come, ef very little im-
portance, so far as it relates to its practical opera-
tion upon the banks or trade of ihe country. After
the suspension, the Treasury was compelled to
collect the revenue, accoiding to law, in specie or
in evidences of public debt, and until there is a
resumption of specie payments, neither Congress
nor the Treasury can, by any constitutional means,
direct that it shall be otherwise collected. Some
of the banks may resume at an early period; but
while there is evidently so little concert of action
or harmony of purpose among them, it would be
unsafe to invest the public money in the notss of
any bank; and when a general resumption will
eccur is not now to be anticipated. The rejection
or adoption, therefore, of the measure proposed
would not now alter the medium of our collections,
and could not affect trade or banks. Its adoption,
however, would be so far beneficial, as it would
tranquillize the public mind; while its postpone-
ment or rejection would tend only to keep alive
imaginary apprehensions. The revival of trade
depends upon its own and ample resources. Its
temporary prostration was produced by one of its
periodical excesses. It is now in a condition to
start again .with renewed energy, and all that is
wanting to give an impulse to the prosperity of the
country, is ihe mutual and concerted action of oiir
banking institutions—the most efficient agents of
credit, when not ascoiated with the fortunes of
party, or the operations of Government.
Practically, the existing law and that now pro-
posed is the same; and as this section of (he bill
ivould be inoperative for some time, it might, on
that ground, be dispensed with; but it is of great
importance to the Government and the country that
a permanent system should be adopted, and most
especially at a time when, from the actual condi-
tion of our finances, its introduction cannot affect
any interest. The present is the most proper time
to devise means gradually to take from the banks
the power to make the public revenue instrumental
in increasing the embarrassments of the trading
community. To use their notes as a medium for
our receipts and expenditures, would as effectually
defeat this important object, as if we were to con-
tinue to deposite the public money with the banks.
Whether the Government keep their notes in the
Treasury and use them for public purposes, or de-
posite its revenue in banks, is wholly immaterial;
for their discounts would be equally extended, and
the design of the separation equally defeated. The
only practical difference between the deposite sys-
tem and the measure proposed, (if we are stilt to
keep and circulate bank notes,) is that we should,
under the latter, be at the expense and trouble of
keeping an amount of bank notes in the Treasury as
a mere substitute for an equal amoun t of bank depo-
sites which would exist under the former system,
without any agency, risk, or expense whatsoever,
the banks would be enabled to increase their divi-
dends by discounting to the extent of the public cir-
culations, and on the amount of their deposites in
the Treasury of the United States. Under either
system the Government' would find its Treasury
precisely in the same embarrassed condition that it
was in Iiíay last. As to the mere formality whether
the Government or its debtors shall draw the specie
from the banks, such an arrangement might be
made for the convenience of the latter without de-
triment to the Treasury. But the permanent de-
posites of the public money must consist of specie
or evidences of public debt, and all our payments
must be made in the same, otherwise the object of
separating the Government from banks is entirely
defeated.
When the banks resume specie payments this
section will take effect, but as it merely proposes a
prospective reduction for six years, the process
will be so gradual as scarcely to be felt, especially
in the present reduced state of our Treasury. At
some future period when a surplus may accrue,
the effect of specie collections will be most salu-
tary in moderating the excessive issues of bank
notes at those points where a paper currency is
most exposed to explosion, and m checking an
abuse of credit in its origin. The amount of spe-
cie which would be at any time required at all
our land offices and custom-houses, would be insig-
nificant in cpmparison with the aggregate of our
metallic currency, which is now estimated at eighty
millions. A surplus of four millions, distributed in
our offices throughout the Union, would be the
maximum, and one-half of even that amount would
be at all times represented by Treasury warrants
and drafts in circulation. No transfers would ever
be made in specie from one point to another,
(except a limited amount for paying some of the
Indian tribes,) as transfer drafts would be much
more economical, convenient, and safe.
Instead of hoarding all the specie, or introducing
an exclusive metallic currency, the Government
would, at no tune, require for all its operations one-
twentieth part of the specie in the country. The
tendency of the measure would be to increase the
aggregate amount; but whether it should or not,
certainly so small a portion might be spared for
the uses of Government, when it is for the great
purposes of relieving trade from its embarrassing
connection with the public money, and of protect-
ing the Treasury from periodically having its funds
invested in irredeemable bank notes of variously
depreciated values.
The public interest urgently requires at the pre-
sent session of Congress, some measure guarding
more effectually the collection, safe-keeping, and
disbursement of thp public revenue. The Trea-
sury is ombarrascd for want of regulations adapted
to the crisis, and losses may result from our ne-
glect to provide for the security of the public
money. Whether the measure be temporary or
permanent, some such as that proposed ought to
be adopied in the actual condition of our finances.
Some time, perhaps years, must elapse, before even
the opportunity will be offered, with any prospect
of success, of reuniting our Treasury with banks
generally, State or National, A National Bank is
not now proposed, and whenever it is, as ¡t no
doubt will be, it must encounter an opposition not
easily or readily overcome. The dangers of such
an agent of Government to the political institutions
of the country, are toa well and generally under-
stood, to warrant the expectation that we shall ever
again adopt a remedy worse than the disease.
The proposition to renew the State tank deposite
system, after so recent an explosion, and in the pre-
sent conditio! of our banking institutions, is pre-
mature, if not extraoidinary. It would seem to be
time enough to discuss its expediency after a gene-
ral resumption of specie payments; for, if now
adopted, we should have in a few months a deposite
bank system in the East and an Independent Trea-
sury in the West. This new deposite bank plan
has all the vices and insecurity of the one we have
been compelled to abandon, with some additional
provisions which render it far less acceptable. A
league of twenty-five banks, controlled, as it would
be inevitably, h.v some great institution at or near
the centre of circulation and exchanges; with the
power, in effect, to determine in what medium our
revenue shall be collected, and authorized to dis
count upon the public deposites, would be essen-
tially a National Bank, with four and twenty
branches, governing every other bank, and control-
ling trade and currency. Confirming the selection
of these banks by joint resolution of both Houses
would lead to annual struggles for the patronage of
Congress, and involve them still more deeply in the
fluctuations of party. The demand proposed to be
made weekly on other banks for specie would give
special privileges to this league, and the authority
thus delegated "to check over-issues, and to
preserve the soundness of the currency" would
confer on ths Secretary of the Treasury and
this league of banks the extraordinary power
of regulating, at their discretion, the curren-
cy of the country. The further proposition to
compel the Government to receive the notes of
specie paying banks, was brought forward in the
late Congress, and is again revived. Hitherto,
Government has enjoyed, under the joint resolution
of 1816, the right, in common with the community,
of receiving them voluntarily, or demanding specie;
but this right is hereafter to be sacrificed to encou-
rage the circulation of bank notes, and to embar-
rass the Treasury at every revulsion, It would at
least seem to be prudent to collect from the banks
our six millions of suspended balances, before we
inquire into the expediency of again placing the
Treasury of the United States in jeopardy.
The measure recommended by the committee is
the only one practicable, in the present condition
of our banking institutions. It proposes nothing
new, either in our laws or practice, which is not
indispensable to the security of the public revenue.
It is no innovation—no experiment. From the
origin of our Government, our own officers have
collested, kept, and disbursed the public money
throughout the Union. The only change proposed
is, that ihey shall hereafter pay it over directly to
the order of the Treasury, and not, as heretofore,
transfer it to banks, to be employed in commercial
discounts. This use, or rather abuse, of the public
money, was the great innovation of 1791, and ori-
ginated with those friendly to a Bank of the United
States. It was an experiment of our own for the
benefit of that institution, and was'not in accord-
ance with the practice of other countries. We have
felt its disastrous effects, and we are now generally
satisfied that, once discontinued, it ought never to
be renewed. The other proposition to collect our
revenue in specie, or evidences of public debt, is
an indispensable auxiliary to the first; for, without
it, it is impossible to prevent the banks from dis-
counting upon the amount of their credit in circu-
lation and m deposite for public purposes. The
measuie is, moreover, irresistibly forced upon the
Federal Government by State legislation, which,
whether constitutional or not, defies its power to
regulate both currencies by coinage. When we had
but half the number of States, but few banks, and
a sounder currency, we might tolerate the receipt
of bank notes with safety; but with eight hundred
banks, issuing every description of paper, six and
twenty different systems of banking, and a rapid
increase of our bank note circulations, this Go-
vernment is compelled to confine its receipts and
expenditures to the only medium which can be,
hereafter, permanently common to the States. No
improvement in our local currencies can be anti-
cipated. The States arc governed by opposite par-
ties, contending for hutide principles of govern-
ment, especially in relation to currency and bank-
ing. The reform which may be effected in some,
is more than neutralized by the abuses sanctioned
in other States, and only contnbutes to make the
operations of oui complicated system more irregu-
lar and more embarrassing to trade. Experience
has not here, as in England, produced partial re-
form; for, in some of our oldest States, and where
they have suffered most from broken banks, and
the violence of revulsions, they still tolerate the
most vicious systems of banking. Under such cir-
cumstances, if not from choice, the Federal Go-
vernment is driven to the necessity of confining
itself to a medium which is not regulated by State
legislation, but by the unalterable law of the world.
Higher interests, hawever, than those of a cha-
racter merely financial, are involved in the decision
of this great question, whether the Treasury shall
be permanently separated from banks, or whether
we shall establish a perpetual union between the
executive branch of onr Government and the vast
moneyed power of the country. While watching
jealously, as we should, every increase of Execu-
tive patronage, and guarding, carefully, our Trea-
