$28
the circulation of the Government funds, by bank-
ing institutions, produced too great an expansion
of the currency. But that there was nothing in
this objection, it would be sufficient to say that the
falling off of the revenue, would itself stand in
the way of too great an expansion^ It was not in
conformity with the genius of this Government, to
keep its funds locked up from circulation, and he
believed it would be politic in some degree to let
the people have the use of the public money. But
to guard against any danger on this score, he would
propose that when the public money in any of the
deposite banks exceeded a certain portion of their
capital, that then the excess should be drawn in
specie, and put in special deposite. The effect of
this amendment would be, that when the Govern-
ment had in deposite nothing but its ordinary re-
venue, sufficient to meet its animal expenditures,
the banks might discount on it without dangpr of
expansion. But when there was any extraordi-
nary excess in the Treasury, sufficient to offer
temptations to speculation, that then it would with-
drawn, and placed out of the way of being banked
upon.
Mr. PRESTON then submitted his first amend-
ment as follows, stating that he would submit the
others to which he hud adverted, subsequently:
After the word " notwithstanding," in the fourth
line, insert " that there shall be employed [twenty-
five banks,] whose stock is owned in whole or m
part by the State in which they are established; or,
if there be none such, tlun those shall be employed
which shall be designated for that purpose by the
Legislature; or if the Legislature be not in session,
by the Governor of the State in which they are es-
tablished, and if no such designation be made upon
application by the Secretary of the Treasury, "that
lli.ey shall be chosen from, the most solid and respecta-
ble bunks in the Stales and Territories," Sfc. as in
the bill.
Mr. MORRIS demanded the yeas and nays on
the amendment, which were accordingly ordered.
Mr. RIVES said that there was a part of this
amendment to which he certainly should not ob-
ject; but there was another portion of it to which
there were strong objections. Believing that there
was a growing opinion throughout the country in
favor of the establishment of banks, the stock of
whieh is to be owned by the Slates, and with their
faith pledged for their solvency, he had no objec-
tion to the giving a preference to such banks as
the publie depositories. But with regard to the
other part of the amendment, which proposed to
delegate to the State Governments the functions of
the General Government, by giving them the se-
lection of its financial agents, he was entirely op-
posed to it. This Government was responsible for
the exercise of all the functions committed to it by
the Constitution; and it did not seem to h:m com-
patible with the harmony of our system that they
should be delegated to another power. If the gen-
t'eman would modify that part of his amendment,
and dispense with another, proposing the recep-
tion of the notes of the non-specie-paying
banks, he would cheerfully go with him. His at-
tention ha I been called to this latter proposition by
the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky, some
days ago, who threw it out as a simple suggestion,
and it was now formally offered to the Senate by
the Senator from South Carolina. It was this: in-
stead of providing, as the substitute to the bill now
does, that the banks should resume by a certain
time, their notes shall be taken for all the public
dues, the amendment proposes to make them re-
ceivable at once, and to adopt the provision in the
substitute excluding them, if they shall not resume
specie payments after a given day.
After careful and deliberate reflection, he thought
that there were objections to it, which are insuper-
able. The honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Clay,] referred to the practice under the ad-
ministration cf Mr. Madison of receiving the notes
of banks which did not pay specie. Now he would
observe, that there was not at any time during Mr.
Madison's administration, a recognition by law of
the notes of non-specie paying banks. On
the contrary, such recognition by law was con-
stantly resisted in Congress, as well as by
the  enlighted   head  of   the  Treasury  Depart-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ment himself. He saw, with the Senators from
South Carolina, and Kentucky, [Messrs. Preston
and Clay,] that there might be a temporary con-
venience in theirplan; yet it would establish a pre-
cedent that would be fraught with the most immi-
nent danger. If our Government pursued its true
policy, it would set its face against the reception
of notes of non-specie paying banks; and he be-
lieved that it was in that way that the constitutional
standard is to be preserved, not by requiring pay-
ments in gold and silver exclusivly. His attention,
[Mr. R. said] had been attracted to the correspon-
dence of Mr. Cheves with the Treasury Depart-
ment, when he expressed the opinion, that but for
the inflexibility wnh which the Government per-
sisted in not authorizing the reception of the notes of
non-specie paying banks, in the trying times be-
tween 1817 and' 1819, they would all have again
suspended. This principle has never been departed
from in the legislation of Congress, and «though
there might be some small temporary convenience
in the amendment, yet, for the reasons given, he
could not assent to it.
[Here Mr. R. quoted extracts from Mr. Chcvef.'s
letters in 1819, while president of the United States
Bank, to Mr. Crawford, then Secretary of the Trea-
sury.]
He would suggest, for the consideration of the
gentlemen from South Carolina and Kentucky, the
inconvenience that would result from their plan if
the banks should not resume payments by the time
they proposed. If the banks should not then re-
sume, there would be the same reasons for continu-
ing the indulgence to them from time to time as
now exist.
He believed, with the Senator from South Caro-
lina, that there was a considerable delusion with re-
gird to the policy and practicability of special de-
posites, and ihat nothing was wanted but an experi-
ment of that plan to put an end to it. But he had
already stated his views, in full, on the whole sub-
ject, and he did not deem it justifiable to occupy
more of the attention of the Senate for the purpose
of enlarging on it. He merely rose to stale his
opinion in regard to the amendments ofthe Senator
from South Carolina, and he hoped that the sense
of the Senate would now be taken on them.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said, that in some re-
marks thrown out by him about a fortnight ago, he
might have intimated that it would have been an
improvement of the substitute offeredhy the gentle-
man from Virginia, to provide for the reception of
notes of sound banks, though not now paying spe-
cie; but it never was his intention to propose any
such modification, nor was he awaic that the Sena-
tor from South Carolina was about to propose it.
He thought neither project adapted to the wants of
the country; and therefore, when compelled to vote,
he should do so merely as a choice of evils, rather
than through any confidence he had in the substi-
tuie. A.> tlie modification had been proposed by
the Senator, he thought proper to offer a few words
in its support.
The proposition of the Senator from Virginia, holds
out to the banks, as a motive to resume specie pay-
ments, that the paper of such banks as shall resume
by the 1st of July, shall be received in the Treasury.
The proposition of the Senator from South Caro-
Una, is that the paper of all sound, safe, and un-
questionable banks should be received at once for
the dues of Government, until, say the 1st of Au-
gust, at which time, if they did not resume, then
the Government shall no longer be under obliga-
tion to receive their paper. If this suggestion were
adopted, it would then be seen that it was a tem-
porary measure of Government, to lift the country
out of its present distress and despondency, by be-
stowing on the only circulation the seal and sanc-
tion of the Government itself. What would be the
effect, if the Government should take the paper of
this class of banks but to restore confidence
between the parties. The Government would no
longer be the great competitor in the market for
the specie, nor the absorbent of that article. The
specie of the country would then be left where it
ought to be—in the vaults of the banks. It might
be said, perhaps, that the effect would be to stimu-
late the banks to over issues of paper; but, asked
Mr. C. would this he likely under the circum-
stances of the case? When they were informed j
that, unless they did resume by the appointed time, j
their paper would be discredited in the country, • .]
they would not be likely to be stimulated to any !
improper expansion; they would be more likely, in j
such a state of things, to be preparing for the re- ')
sumption. The Senator from Virginia was j
opposed to countenancing the reception of irre- !
deemable paper, and so was Mr. C. as much so
as any man, except as a temporary measure of
relief.
How stands the case now, said Mr. C. The Se-
nator from Virginia voted for the ten millions in
Treasury notes. What were they but irredeema-
ble paper, post notes payable one year after date;—
and the question is, what is the difference between
the irredeemable paper of the Government, and the
temporary reception of the now irredeemable paper
of the banks? If the Government paper was better
than that of the banks, then the Government paper
should have the preference. But I refer to the
state of the market to show that the Government
irredeemable paper is inferior to that of the hanks,
in the transaction of the business of the country,
and the payment of debts. But the Senator from
Virginia further objects that there was no precedent
for this during the administration of Mr. Madison,
when this kind of paper was merely sanctioned by
that high dignitary, and not received under the au-
thority of laws.
Which was the most proper, that the money
should be received by the authority of law,
or the discretion of the Executive? Even at
the period refen ed to by the Senator, when the
necessity of the times was so great, it would have
been better that this money should have been re-
ceived for a short period on the authority of law,
than in violation of all laws. The proposition of
the Senator from South Carolina was merely a tem-
porary measure, to relieve the pressure of these
times, and was not likely to be of long continuance.
Again, the tendency of this measure was eminently
conservative. It would require the Government to
use what was the currency of the people, and
which, in fact, procured every thing now as well as
heretofore; commanding as much m value, since
the suspension of specie payments, as before.
Whence was this state of things, unless the most
implicit confidence was placed in these notes? and
why should the Government not have confidence in
that money in which the people reposed such unli-
mited confidence? Under all the circumstances, it
might be the most politic course to pursue, to do
nothing, to propose nothing, but leave the responsi-
bility where.it rests, until there was a disposition
evinced by the parly in power to obey the public
■will.
Mr. BUCHANAN was glad, once more, to he
able most heaitily to concur with the Senator from
Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] in the sentiments which he
had expressed on the present occasion. He hoped
that there would yet be many occasions on which
that gentleman and himtelf would again be found
acting together; and as his instructions, even when
construed in the broadest and most liberal sense,
would not prevent him from expressing his opinion
on this particular question, he should do so with pe-
culiar pleasure.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
had proposed what? Mr. B. did not doubt the de-
votion of that gentleman to the cause of State
rights ; but if he were to be judged by the proposi-
tion which he had advocated, one would not sup-
pose that he felt any peculiar dread of Executive
influence. What power did the gentleman pro-
pose to confer on the Secretary of the Treasury, at
the very time he declared him incompetent to dis-
charge the duties of his office? The tremendous
power of selecting from the eight hundred banks
of the country such as he thought proper, and of
declaring that their irredeemable notes shall be re-
ceived in payment of the dues of the Government,
as equal to gold and silver. The Senator had been
very careful to limit, as much as possible, the
discretion of the Secretary in the selection of
the twenty-five deposite banks, which is tobemade
under the amendment of the Senator from Virginia,
after the resumption of specie payments; but, fee-
fore this resumption, the Secretary alone is to
