230
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that four months was
an age m relation to this question. The great ef-
fort was to prove that the country had reached a
deplorable crisis, and it was now essential that the
Government should do something to resuscitate the
State banks. What more could be done for such
banks as the Secretary might select, than to re-
ceive their notes as equivalent to gold and silver
in the dues of the Government, and could any thing
worse befall the rest, than to make this odious dis-
tinction aga.nst them, and thus have their notes
discredited by the Government? A continuance
of this practice for four months would decide
the fate of the banks and of the currency. It
would place all these institutions under the control
of the Executive. Before that period 4hd.l1 have
elupsed, the bank  really solvent will have resumed
specie payments, and those which cannot pay then
debts will have sunk into hopeless insolvency. So
for as the Government was concerned, there can
be, theie ought to be, but one standard m regard to
the solvency of a bank—is it able and willing to
redeem its notes in specie on demand? Unless this
question can be answered in the affirmative, it'
notes ought never to be received.
Now, m regard to the resumption of specie pay-
ments by the banks—and this was a subject on
v inch he had bestowed much reflection—he would
ask, what now existed to prevent if We had been
told by the Senator from New York [Mr. Taii-
madge] at the late special session of Congress, that
the country was then in debt to England forty mil-
h, n-> cf dollars He believed that this estimate was
tuf I iw, rather than too higU. The rate of ex-
cho ;e was then heavily against us, and eveiy
efl lit was made to send cotton and to send specie
out of the country, for the purpose of liquidating
th 1 debt. Under such circumstances, the banks
could not have resumed. But all things hare now
changct' The energy and the enterprise of onr
citizens have, in a few months, reversed the former
condition of our exchanges. The exports of oui
great staple to England have mainly produced th's
result. The foreign exchanges, which, a few months
ago, were some tweutv peí cent, against us, have
been reduced to six 01 seven per cent, 01, m othei
words, they are now two 01 three per cent, in our
favor, being to that extent below the real par of ex-
change between the two countries. There can,
therefore, now be no drain of specie from the banks
to send to foieign countiie^. It must flou into this
cuuntry,andiiotnowoutoi it If, then, the debt which
we owed to England, if the high rate of foieign e\-
change against us, and if the proceedings of the Bank
ot England compelled out banks to suspend specie
payments, (and these were the reasons assigned by
the banks themselves for the suspension,) what now,
he would ask, compels them to continue that sus-
pension') The Bank of England no longer, bv her
measures, restricts the American trade. She has
become sensible of her own folly. Money is now
plenty and cheap in England, and much capital
thee is without employment. Besides, our impoi-
lations fiom abroad, when compared with what
they were formerly, are insignificant, whilst ourcK-
pLiKs are as great as ever. An 1 yet, with all these
facte staring us m the lace, we are told that the
banks Cannot íesume w ithout aid from this Govern-
ment Sit, lh,eY can resume, and wilt resume,
«ithout any such aid—I mean such of them asare
solvent.   Public opinion will compel a resumption.
He (I'd not wish lo set up for a prophet, or .0
add his name to the list of prophets on that floor.
For once, however, he would venture to piophesy.
He would say that the flux and reflux of the tides
vexe not more certain, than that this country will
witnes,? a leturn of prosperity before the close of
ttie piesent year. The one was governed by the
kwsot natUie, the other by laws of tride almost
no,i v certain. Let the Sub-Treasury bill pass,
ir let il be defeated: let the amendment of the
"enato f-om Virginia be adopted, or let it be re-
eoted before the first day of fanu ry next, our
, ide "tr c imm-ice, our íniusu, of every «'< senp-
, n/walrm ' and flourish. Nothmg can pie-
- -,' except s 1 1' t,r< at na' > lal calamity, which
fc.iman en now antiupa'e He judged oí the
luK-re b\ the past. How long this prosperity may
continue, he could not pretend to say.   This would
depend upon the action of the banks; and what
length oí time would be required again to expand
the bubble ot speculation to the buistuig point.
It would be conceded by the Senator from Ken-
tucky, that Mr. Biddle was an able financier, and
that he watched the signs of the times with a skil-
ful and practised eye. He did not doubt that gen-
tleman's sincerity, when he expressed the opinion,
a lew months before the suspension of specie pay-
ments, in his letter to Mi. Adams, that the country
had not over-uaded. We weie then proceeding
so rapidly on the broad road to financial destruc-
tion, and we weie all so infatuated with past pros-
penty, and so blind to out dangei, that even Mr.
Biddle consideied the idea of our having o\er-
traded^ as without any foundation Now, if the
Senatoi liom Kentucky had established his great
national bank, w ith Mr. Biddle at Us head as his
pilot, look.ng out to descry the comingstoim, what
would have been its condition'' This bank would
have gone down with all the other banks of the
country It could not have continued specie pay-
ments longer than the ¡est of these institutions.
The Senatoi from Kentucky had complained that
he [Mi B ] had made an unfair statement of one
of his aigumen"- He knew the Senatoi would
not accuse him of any such intention. The Sena-
tor had mistaken Mr B's íeply. He cheeifully ac-
quitted the gentleman fi om Kentucky of any de-
sue to make the present meikemable paper sys-
tem permineut What lie had said was, that
should (he amendment of the Senator from South
Caiohna pievail, it would be a most dangerous
piecr-dent tor futuie limes The banks, looking to
the piestnt case, and expecting relief in the same
manner, would expand their issues extiavagantly
whenever they thought proper, believing that if
they wero compelled to suspend specie payments,
they might look to this Government for íelief, by
having their liiedeemable notesíeceived into the
Tieasuiy upon an equably with gold and silver
Aftei some runatks Irom Mr PRESTON, the
Senate, without taking the question, went into the
consuleiation of Executive business.
Adjourned
IIOU-.1  or III I'llE-.LM'AlIVUi,
IiiiiiMiAi Much s, ISds
Mi BlUCt.^, m old, 1 loobvnte a let uiunce of the <b!h
cutty \\ vm h I 11 <>C( in mi \esitid íy midta tin (ill rule of the
ll)ii t, 1 1      I, ut ( 1 so >mu in antt uilmeul ilittt in
ÍI    (   lit     lie tin      1 wn ' w in1
'M No t pi 11 1 ill 1 snil be upon din su li gcnei tl
1 pi jinitl n! n Ik in di i i i in amen Imenl then It), 1 >r
tuy expendí  11 11 >( picwou ly -iilthou/td by hw '
Mi   11 nm dn ildihi (líbrame;
Oi in ton [¡linn n oí sp, 1 iprution  f 1 siuh public woiks
and obj us is tie ihi tdy m piniriess, with ihe usual conlin
gtn le  ,oi etirj mg on tin several dtp<iltnienls of the Govern
me 1 it  '
limb 1 iheinl lli unen bneill would lnvp to bo over our
tl v for con idfittinn but Mi II 1 kedleive to havo u eons)
diteil nov\
Ml   < \MI!KI I I NO h l) 1 1 it 1    uld be ulopl, tl
"\Ii Kit 1) una uid, on die ground tint 11 w 1 a mtKoi of
too much const ipicnoe to bt adopletl ni Inste 11 tit be printí d
nal In met 1 tliv
Ml iíRH.Í^in vt 1 asns¡ ei sum oftlie udt, but only 7 1, not
two thiith, "volt 1 in die ilium ui\t
AG ¡t i in Hi
Mi   I1ÍI1II1IIS   nan   1  ti     [ niiiin  of 1001 exli    copies
tl  lit it p a ! ic    mi i(i\ in; die bib ¡n lei ilion to Ha ni'rodue
t   n aid    i lino if ticpit i! pl/nts- At   winch, titer a lew wolds
i nn Mi   js  MI M Llldn l 1 1 DLllKY, ft..i igicod to
f oui-, urn anai s
M   f.H \\ ¡ sit pnl  l thill nuktncanappiopn ition forthe
pun base of lie  1 ( in vile -n d  1' ml nit! can il sioclc and 2,000
eslía eo¡ u t of Pie i  t   u iusp tn  citd to the jumPd
I'\T STL
Mi riTTt III 7lol\ unoni it portcdabill lo autlioi ?etb 
Commissioner oí tie Pat nt Oflue ti issue a patentl> John
liowaidkyan
Mr 1 il o mide a fivonble ie¡ ort on tin petitj m of,-, li
\\  Houelas
Mi r ale.) mtdeafavor ibleiepor on die petion of William
2*t rknison
Mr F a1 o made a favorable report on tne petition of John
Bl ink, so faras k Jalei to tin nine of 4 new patent, and unfa
vor ihie wilb uferenre lo the residue theieof, all oí which weie
laid on the tab'e
PUItl IC ÜI ILD1NOS AND GKOI NDS
Mi MFRf nt repoind a resolution instructing ihe Commit
u on tlie Public liiuldiii-?^ to ¿«cct lam the coat oí providing
withm the ( apuol a^uitilile ball forthe use of ihe Hou<a of
lír-prc-entariM and if *ueh con! 1 not be provided to sug^e i
stu h alteran ins in the I rt sent hall as would be convenient foi
the Ir m ic ion ol the public bu m"ss which wai concurred in
m iriHiin Bin
Mi rIOW* PI), irom ihe ( immil'teon Caih.rence on the
put ol the U) ise ipp te i on the d Mtrrceuig vuiesolthetwo
Iiou^e on die all in leiation to oui iit-ulial iaw^, itimrltd that
thej hadpeil i lied dieauty ^saitne l le litem, an kbit Die two
committees haJ a'reed upon a recommendation to then re
spec'tve bodies, winch, they ttioughi, woultj carry m'o effect
the views of both    The concurience or rejection must flist          {
come trom the Senate, and a<? soon as it did, Ml   H   would          ]
move to take up Uie bill and finally act upon n                                     ¡
The unhmshed business of the morning horn, being the resolu-
tion of Mi Johnson of Maryland, foi granting land to the States          (
foi free schools, was postponed till to mormw, on motion of
Mi HOWARD, on account of the absence ol his colleague,
fiom indisposition, and the House passed to the orders of the
The SPEAKEI? laid before, the House a communication from
the Sectelmy ot the Treasuiy, in answet to a resolution of the
House of Monday last, calling upon the Secretalies of theTrea
suiy, War, and Navy foi information relame to the accounts
ol, and appointments by, those departments respectively, of
asents fot the paymentof pensions, accompanied by a copy of
the leport made to the Senate on the same subject
On motion of Mi CÜSHMAN, laid on the table
MAINIi BOUNDARY
The Message of the Presidí nt of the United Stales in lelatlon
tn i la Northiaalein Boundaiy line ot the United States, and the
bill piopnsed by Mi EVANS, foi running and marking Ihe
«tine, beln^ the hi si thing in oidd,
Mr FAIItriELD, who was enli'led to the floor, addies^ed the
House lor the residue of Ihe hour, in reply to Mi Lvans
Aftei Mr I  hail concluded,
Mr CAMBRLLENG obtained the flooi, and said lie did not
mean to make a -.peecii but, for once, to usutp the pnvilege
ol his fiteml from New Hampshire, and make an appeal to the
House to take the question The proposition was a very sim
plo one, viz to lefer the President's Message with instructions
ton pent t lull, and he considered the discussion vny prema
lure Moii,over, it was the only question which was arresting
the. riogress of the public business, and he, therefor , moved
the picYlous question
Tuo CHAIR slated that, after the most mature deliberation,
he hid conic to the conclusion that the main question would be
on oid< ling the lull to beengtos&ed
Mi (jAMHREl-CNG modilied bis. motion by moving the
poslpomment ofthebUbjectfor a month, though be was wilting
to a^ent to any motion to commit the bill, lor he thought it
should be acini on, but he could not consent «i haveallthe
business ol the country set aside for this one bill
Afiei «ome conversation between the CHAIR and Messrs
OAMBREI.ENG, KVANfe, and LINCOLN, the bill, by geneial
ton^enl, was commuted to the Committee on Poieign Affairs,
and the ipiesuon lecurimg on committing the Message, and oi
deling iOOOt xlr i copies to he prinled—
Mr ( AMiiRLLL'NG moved the pievious question thereon,
but on laking the vote by lellets, no quotum appeared to be
piesent beiriií aves 11, noes BG
Mi CaMHRLLDNG then s dd as it was not probable a quo
turn could be got tosahei to night, and as the Chair stdted
thlt the motion Jtu tbeprtvioua question would come up m
the morning, he moved in adjoinnment, which ptevaded,
tiuds i
Ihe House adjourned.
IN SLNATE,
Thursday, Maich 8,1S3S
Ml McKEAN presented resolutions passed by the Legisla
lure ol Pennsylvania, as follows
"Resuleulhy the ¿>enat< und Houip of Replícentetn/s of
ihe Commonutnlth of Petin^ytvartia, m Geneial Assembly
mi f, That, in ihe opinion ol this Legishtutt, the eontemplaied
National Armory ought to be established either on the waters oi
(lie Big Heaver n\er, in the county of Heaver, ot at, oi neai,
the city of Pittsbuig in the county of Alleghany '
'Re^otvedi That should the United States select tbc wat is of
the said rivci Ira the establishment of their Aimory, then there
is heieby granted to the United States the privilege of using the
surplus watets of dim number five, at the west side of said dam,
piovidtd the same can be done without injury to iha canal
navigation "
"R/solved, That the Goveinoi be letjutsted to communicate
the foregoing resolutions to our Senators and Representatives
in Congress "
Signed by the Speakeisof both Houses and appioved by the
Governor
The ( ommitlct on Military Affairs having aheady repotted
on the subiert, tin resolutions were read and ' ml on the t ¡ble
Mi WALICERpiesentctt the pcimon oi the lepieseinames
of MargaletThompson priyingtontumatton of title to a tract
ol hnd  reft i red to (he Committee on Private I and Claims
Mi IHJUULLSpiesenit.il the fttmon of sundiy cmzens of
Maine,in numbei twenty six, praying f r the abolition of sla
very mill" Disturtol Columbia, and that the «lave uade be
tween the ntaies m ty 1 e abolished The pe'itioneis slate that
it is their mteniion to pctiüon Congiess on these subjects year
ly till they accomplish their object
On motion ol Mi WALKER, the motion to receive this pen
Hon was laid on the ta lie
Mr MORRIS pit enled tlnee pouuom from Ohio on tl«
same eubieci, and the motion to íeceive hem was also laid o i
the lab'e
Wr MORRIS pie ented the lesofulions of the Legislature of
Ohio in opposition lo the annexation of Texas to the Union
read, otilcied to bt printed, and laid on the taole
Mr BIJ( HANAN, from the committee of conference, ap
limited ytsterJay by (he Senate, on the disagreema vc  of
the two Houses 011 the senate's third amendment to"the Neu
li ilily lull, reported that the joint committees had agreed to le
commend f.r Ok adoption of their respective Houses the
f™ndmen' piopo=ed by the f-enate to the second eechon of the
in I with the follow ng amendment to wit mseit al'ei Sue
word whatsoevei ' tht following words "or with any other
li tile, so as to make the proviso road as follows "Prorided,
1 bat nobbing m this act contained shall bt coitstiued to extend
to oi nitpi fere with, ny tiade in arms or munitions of wai,
conducted in vessels!y set, with any fo eign pmt or place
whatsoever, or with any other trade which might have been
lawfully earned on before the passage of this act under (he
Hw of nations, a id the piovisions of the act hereby amended "
I he imemlinent w as agreed to, and the bill thus imended sent
to the other House
Mr kinu piestntel several papers from Mobile with eerti
tietl copies of the cos s mcuned in the lenewal of duty bonds
at that poit, which Wei e referred to the Committee on Finance
who were charged with the consideiation of the subject by a
tesoiutioii adopted on motion sf Mr K the other day
Mr  DA% f« submitted aresolution calling foi all the paper?
