.......■ "■                                                                           • .•■■
duced into this bill. The act of 1810 provided that
no salary should be paid to Consuls, except those
to the Barbary powers; and that being the case,
and there being no law to previde salaries for those
officers, it was, in his opinion, improper to intro-
duce these salaries in. this bill.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that this was
a matter which had been a veiy embarrassing ques-
tion to the Committee of Wajs and Means. In
his view it was not in pursuance of law, but it had
been the practice for many year* to make appro-
priations for these officers It would now be for
the committee to determine whether these appro-
priations should be continued.
Mr. HOWARD called the attention of the com-
mittee to the importance of continuing these offi-
cers, and hoped the House would not strike out an
appropriation of this kind, which had been inserted
in this bill for a great many years.
Mr. BAYNES thought thsre was nothing un-
reasonable in this appropriation, and hoped that
these agents at the grtat centres of the commercial
wot Id, would not be withdrawn. He considered
their continuance ot gieat importance to the com-
mercial interests of this country, and trusted the
appropriation would not be struck out
Mr McKAY said if these salaries were intro-
duced and continued, it would be but a short time
till you would have salaries to all our consuls in-
troduced into your appropriation bills. If it was
necessary to have salaries attached to these offices,
introduce a bill to that effect, but do not attempt
to give them a salary in this way, directly in the
teeth of the rule of the House.
Mr. BRONSON concurred m opinion with the
gentleman from North Carolina in relation t© this
matter, and thought that if these ofticeis were enti-
tled to salaiies, a bill ought to be introduced to trut
effect While we had a rule prohibiting the mtio-
duction into appropuation bills of new objects of
appiopnations, it ought to be adhered to
After a few remarks by Messrs MERCER,
HOWARD, AUG. H SHEPPERD, ADAMS,
CAMBRELENG, and McKAY,
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr MONTGOMERY, on leave, submitted the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to furnish this House with a copy of his answer
to the letter of Gen. Jesup, dated Fort Jupiter, Fe-
biuary 11, 1838, if not by him deemed improper.
Mr. MONTGOMERY asked foi the considera-
tion of the resolution at this time.
Mr. REED objected, on the ground that he
wished an opportunity to call the attention ol the
House to some other letters from Gen. Jesup, laid
on the tables this morning, and, therefore, he pre-
feried its lvmg over till to-morrow.
Mr. MONTGOMERY moved a suspension of
the rule, but
Mr GRENNELL moved that the House ad-
journ, which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
WrDVisDAY, March 14, 1838.
Mr SMITH of Indiana picsented the petition
and papers oí Thomas Coyle, of Baltimore, the
patentee of the American Cement, praying the ap-
pointment of a committee to examine and prove the
qualities of the cement, and, it approved by the
Government, that she shall purchase the right to
use it m all the public works referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office
Mr. NORVELL presented the petition of Mrs.
Snelling, widow of the late Co! Snellmg, of the
United States army, praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered by her late hushand referred to tne
Committee on Claims.
Also, a joint resolution from the Legislature of
Michigan, asking an appiopnation, lor the pur-
pose of making a survey of the river St Clair, etc
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a large number of citizens of the city of Philadel-
phia, praying that a dry dock may be constructed
in that city referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr SPENCE presented the petition of the act-
ing clerks in the Indian Bureau, praying increase
of compensation, referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Ehsha El-
dndge, praying remission of a certain penalty, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LYNN presented the memorial of John
Rudy, of Missouri, protesting against the ratifica-
tion of a certain Indian treaty, confirming Carver's
grant   referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. MORRIS introduced a bill to divide the
Territory of Wisconsin, and establish the Territory
of Ioway read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of the commis-
sioners of the Girard estate, asking to try the vali-
dity of their claim to certain tracts of land in Lou-
isiana, inasmuch as the case was provided for in a
bill which had gone to the House of Representa-
tives concurred in.
Al>o, from the same committee, an unfavorable
report on the petition of Nancy Collins; which .was
also concurred in.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following re-
solution, intimating his intention to call it up on the
succeeding day
Resolved, That, in the opinion of the Senate of
the United States, no citizen of the United States
hereafter giving or accepting a challenge to fight a
duel with any other citizen, or acting as second in
any such duel, ought to receive oi be permitted to
hold any olhce or appointment under the Govern-
ment of the United States
Mr. FULTON, agieeably to leave, introduced a
bill for the relief of Wilson W Stephenson, J.
Henderson, and Nelson Marcus, which was twice
lead, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The following bills were severally read a third
time, and passed
Bill for the relief of George Davenport.
Bill foi the relief of Michael Cassel.
Bill to lepeal certain provisions of an act to alter
and amend the several acts imposing duties on
imports.
Bill for the relief of JechomasPigot andBenjamm
Lecraft, suieties of Jameá1Manney, late collector
of the customs for the district of Beaufort, in the
State of North Caiolma, and
A bill to authorize Charles Day, of Macon, and
James R Butts, of Columbus, in the State oí Geor-
hia, to import, free of duty, two iron steamboats,
suited to the navigation of avers.
Mi LYON then moved to take up the bill
making appropr.aticns'for'ceííaffa roads in Wiscon-
sin Tcintoty, with the view to amend the sa ne by
making an additional appropriation of $5,000, for
the puipose of opening aioad from Lake Michigan
to the Mississippi
This amendment was  opposed by Mr. KING, on
the ground that theie Irad been no surveys or esti-
mates on which to ground'the piobable cost of the
road, and that it might bfe the mere entermg-wedge
for extensive appropriaticfhs from the Treasuiy.
Mr. WALKER oppdáéd it on the ground that it
was wrong to ask for appropriation  in the present
state of the Tieasury, and asked if Senators were
prepaied to borrow money for such an occasion.
Mr W evnressed himself opposed to the whole
system of internal improvements, and more paiticu-
larly at uis time, when the Treasury was ex-
hausted
The appropriation was waimly advocated by
Messrs. LINN, LYON, HUBBARD, and others",
on the ground that the road was to be made through
the public lands, which would greatly enhance the
value of tne same.
Mr HUBBARD asked for the yeas and nays on
the question of the amendment, when there appeared
for it 17, against it 21, as follows •
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Buchanan, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Crittenden, Fulton, Hubbard, Linn, Lyon,
Mouton, Norvell, Prentiss, Preston, Robinson,
Tallmadge, Wall, Wright, and Young—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Clayton, Cuthbert,
Davis, King, Knight, Lumpkin, McKean, Moms,
230
Roane, Robbms, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Spence,
Strange, Swift, Tipton, Trotter, Walker, White,
and Williams—21.
Mr. LYON then moved to insert the sum of fif-
teen hundred dollars for the purpose of survey, on
which some debate arose, when
Mr BUCHANAN said he had a very sincere
desire to bring the debate on the Sub-Treasury bill
to a close, and however reluctant he might feel to
tnrow any obstacle in the way of the measure
then under discussion, he should move to lay the
bill on the table or pass it over informally. Mr. B.
said, if he could do nothtng else in the business,
he should hereafter move, when the hour carae for
the special orders to be discussed, to move to lay
all other business on the table.
Mr. LYON hoped it would bs passed over^bfec—
mally, which was accordingly done
The Independent Treasury Bill was then taken
up, when,
Mr. ROBBINS rose, and addressed the Senate
until half past two against the bill, and was fol-
lowed by Mr. BENTON, who occupied the floor
until five o'clock, when he gave way for a motion
to adjourn.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursdiy, March 15, 1838.
As soon as the House was organized this morn-
ing—
Mr EVANS of Mame addressed the Chair m
the following words •
Mr Speaker These badges of mourning
which we still wear, denote that Death has lately
been in the midst of us. Again his arrow has
flown; and again has the fatal shaft been sent,
with unerring aim, into a small, and already bro-
ken, ranK. It is my melancholy office to announce
that, since the last adjournment of the House of
Representatives, Timothy Jarvis Carter, then
one of its members, from the State of Maine, has
surrendered up to the Being who gave it a life upon
which many anxious hopes depended, and for
whose preservation many an ardent prayer had
gone up to the Father of all spirits. He died last
evening, at ten o'clock, at his lodgings in this city,
after a sickness of not very protracted duration,
but of great and excruciating intensity of suffering
and agony. The ways oí a righteous Providence
aw inscrutable, and while we bow in submission,
we are yet oppressed.wnh tieep and soiem¿ awe.
Our deceased fiienáTand colleague was a native
of the State and the district which, so lately, he re-
presented in this branch of Congress; and he,
therefore, brought with him the confidence, large-
ly bestow-ed, of those who had known him from
his earliest years Well did he deserve it. His
character for probity, integrity, uprightness, mo-
rality, was free from spot or blemish His prin-
ciples were well founded. Loving the country of
his birth, and its institutions, with all his heart, he
pursued with fidelity such measures as his judg-
ment deemed best calculated to promote the wel-
fare of the one and the durability of the other. He
was a lawyer by profession—faithful, just, dis-
criminating, attentive, humane, m its practice.
Of manners mild, courteous, affable; and a
temper kind, conciliating, patient, he won respect
and attachment, even from those who differed with
him m matters of opinion, and probably there
lives not a human being who has a single resent-
ment, or one unkind recellection, to bury in his
gravs. He has gone, in the strength of his man-
hood, and the maturity of his intellect, the road
that all must once pass.
(t—calcanda, semel, via lethi "
The ties that bound him to life are severed for
ever, as all human ties must be severed.
" T mquenda tellus, et domus, et amans
Tivor, neque harum, quas coiis, arborum
Te, pi ier mvisas cupressos
TJJIa, bievem dommum eequeter '
Although, when his eyes opened fer the last time
upon the earth and the sky, they fell not upon his
own native hills, though the sod which shall cover
him will not freshen m the same influences which
clothe them in verdme and beauty, though he died
far from his home, the companions and the brothers
of his childhood were with him—the sharer of his
