24$                                           CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not be construed to be within the application of the
rule, but it shall be in order to present such resolu-
tions or memorials on any day within the first hour
of the session of the House."
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, by the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House be di-
rected to cause to be made out, and report to the
House, a list of all the petitions, memorials, and
papers presented to the House at the late special
session, and at the present session, of Congress,
and laid on the table without being read, printed,
debated, or referred, specifying the name of the
first petitioner, and the number of signatures to
each paper so laid on the table; specifying, also,
the State from which each petition, memorial, re-
monstrance, or resolution came, and distinguishing
all such as have been laid on the table, under the
general resolution of 21st December, 1837, from
those which have been laid on the table by sepa-
rate motions, and showing the object prayed for
in each of said petitions, memorials, remonstran-
ces, and resolutions.
On motion of Mr. GRENNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of extending the beaefits of pension, which
are provided in certain cases for widows of officers
and soldiers of the Revolution by the third section
of the Pension act of July 4,1836, to the widows of
such officers and soldiers as have died since the
passage of said act.
On motion of Mr. PHILLIPS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of re.
modelling the Consular establishment of the United
States.
On motion of Mr. GUSHING,
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales
be requested, if in his judgment not incompatible
with the public interest, to communicate to the
House whatever information may be in his posses-
sion relative to the intermeddling of any foreign
Government, or the subjects or officers thereof,
with the Indian tribes in Michigan, Wisconsin, the
territory beyond the Rocky mountains, or elsewhere,
within the limits of the United Stales, by the sup-
ply of munitions of war, the stated distribution < f
gratuities or pensions, or otherwise, and likewise
all correspondence or communications had with
any foreign Government respecting the title or
occupation of the aforesaid territory uf the United
States beyond the Rocky mountains.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals consider the expediency of an appropriation for
the survey and construction of a branch railroad
from the Western railroad in Massachusetts to the
United States armory at Springfield.
On motion of Mr. REED,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed lo inquire into the
expediency of authorizing and instructing the Post-
master General to bargain and contract with any
company or companies to take a mail from the
United States to and from the Isthmus of Panama
to the Pacific ocean, and back again, provided Mich
contract can be made upon reasonable terms in the
judgment of the Postmaster General.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the map of the  line between the
United States and Mexico be printed.
VERMONT.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of granting a pension to Lydia Taylor, widow of
Elnathan Taylor, a Revolutionary soldier; and that
the accompanying papers be referred to the same
committee.              *
On motion of Mr. EVERETT,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to lay before this House a copy of his answer to a
letter of General Jesup of the 20th December, 133'?.
NEW YORK.
Mr. LOOMIS submitted the following, which
lies over, under the rule:
Resohed, That the Postmaster General furnish
to this House an estimate, showing, as near as he
can ascertain,
1.  What proportion of the mails of the United
States consists of free parcels estimated by weight.
2.  What proportion consists of free parcels esti-
mated by amount of postage on parcels that pay
postage, and accounting all printed documents at
pamphlet postage.
3.  What would be the proportion of the amount
of postage to be paid by the Government, in case
all free parcels were charged to Government at the
same rate that printed parcels are charged.
4.  To how low a rate the tariff of postage can
be reduced, and sustain the Department, in case all
parcels conveyed in the mails were chargeable with
postage.
5.    To how low a rate the tariff of postage can
be reduced, now or prospectively, within two years,
retaining the present franking privilege, and sustain
the Department, with a rate of tariff deemed judi-
cious and proper by him, in case such reduction
should bo ordered.
On motion of Mr. PARKER,
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting a pension to Tennis Swart, of
Delaware county, New York, for his services as a
soldier in the Revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting pensions to Jos. Wood and
Channey Duning, Revolutionary soldiers, of Steu-
ben county, New York.
On motion of Mr. SEMBLE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Oflice
and Post Roads be directed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Sornus,
in the county of Westchester, in the State of New
York by Southeast, and Patterson to Rawlings, in
he county of Duchess.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL,
Resohed, That the Secretary of State be directed
to report lo this House a statement of the number
of emigrants from foreign countries, which have
arrived wittnn the United States, annually, during
the last ten years; the places at which they have ar-
rived; the countries from whence they name; the ex-
pense of their transportation hither; by whom de-
frayed; and their circumstances and condition ge-
nerally, as far forth as may be in his power; with
such other information relating to the introduction
into the United States of foreign paupers, by the
authority of foreign Governments, as he may
possess.
On motion of Mr. VAIL,
Resolved That the Committee mi the Post Oflice
and Post Roads be instructed lo inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post loute from the city
of Troy, byway of Poestenkill, to Berlin, in the
State of New York.
On motion of Mr. PRATT,
Resolved, That the Committee- on the Post Office
and Posl Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of lessening the postage on letters, so
u^ to make it only equal to the cost of transporting
the mails, as near as may be.
PENNSYLVANIA.
On motion of Mr. McCLURE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Oflice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route leading from
Mexico, Juniata co. Pa. through Tuscarora Val-
ley to Waterford.
Mr. HENRY submitted the following, which
lies over, under the rule, one day:
Resolved, That the dissemination of knowledge
to all classes of citizens is of the "¡rst importance;
for in the intelligence of the people depends the
permanence and stability of our Republican institu-
tions: and one important medium through which
knowledge is communicated, is that of the press,
in the caculation of public newspaper*. That fa-
cilities may be more amply aliorded to the poorel
portion of our fellow-citizens to acquire, as far as
practicable, all information in relation to our pub-
lic affairs, the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads are instructed lo inquire into the expe-
diency of repealing the law that requires the pay-
ment of postage on public newspapers, so far as re-
lates to those that are carried in the mail withm the
city or county where such papers are printed and
published; and that, in future, the same shall be
carried without charge.
On motion of Mr. PETRIKIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing, by law, a mail route
from Hazleton, via East Sugar Loaf, to Wilkes-
barre, in Luzerne county, Pennsylvania.
Mr. DA VIES submitted the following resolution,
which was rejected:
Resolved, That hereafter the stated hour of meet-
ing of the House shall be half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. TOLAND submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be directed to bring in a bill to abolish the punish-
ment of death for all offences against the United
States, except treason and murder, and to abolish
the punishment of whipping for all offences against
the United States.
VIRGINIA.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post OfHce
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Ger-
man Settlement, in the county of Preston, by
Westemford to Glady Creek Cross Roads, in the
county of Randolph, in the State of Virginia.
Mr. MASON introduced the following joint re-
solution; which was read twice, and committed to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Resolved by ihe Senate and House of Rpresentatives
of the United States of •America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States be, and he
is hereby authorized to convey to the Winchester
and Potomac railroad company, free of charges,
so much of the land belonging to the United States
at Harper's Ferry, between said railroad and the
Shenandoah river, and near the junction of that
river with the Potomac, as may be deemed con-
sistent with the public interest, to be used for the
benefit of the said company in the deposite and
accommodation of the trade of said Winchester
and Potomac railroad company only, and for no
other purpose whatever.
On motion of Mr. MALLARY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency of allow-
ing to the officers of revenue cutters, during the
time they shall be co-operating with the navy of the
United States, the same pay and rations to which
officers in the navy'of a like rank are by law now
entitled to receive.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House, the names
of such of the late deposite banks as have availed
themselves of the benefit of the first section of the
act of the 12th day of October last, by giving the
requisite security, and such as have discharged the
balances due from them at that time, and such as
have failed to comply with the act in the amount
of balances due from them.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS,
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing the following post routes,
namely:
From Rye Valley to St. Clair's Bottom, in the
county of Smythe; from Beckley's Mills to Guest's
station, in the county of Russell; from Jonesville
to Turkey Cove, in the county <*f Lee; and another
from Housonville, in the county of Russell, to
George Ewing's, in the county of Scot;, in the
State of Virginia.
NORTH CAROLINA.
On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY,
Resolved, That the Secretary of Ww be directed
to furnioh this House with a copy of his answer to
the letter of Gen. Jesup, dated Fort Jupiter, Febru-
ary 11, 1838.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
erecting an arsenal in Lincoln county, North
Carolina.
