CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            946
LOR, OGLE, PAYNTER, PLUMER, HUBLEY,
M. MORRIS, TOLAND, and BIDDLE.
[Mr. Plumer presented a petition, numerously
signed by citizens of Erie county, Pennsylvania,
remonstrattng against the erection of a marine
hospital at Cleveland, and praying that a re-exami-
nation may be directed by a competent and impar-
tial board, with a view of selecting the most suita-
ble site for the erection of a marine hospital on the
southern shore of Lake Erie: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Also, a petition, signed by
cititizens of Pennsylvania, asking an appropriation
o fortify the harbor at Erie, Pennsylvania: referred
to the Committee on Commerce. Also, the peti-
tion of Sarah Harford, asking for compensation
for property taken for the use of the army, during
the late war.]
[Mr. Henry presented two petitions of a number
of the citizens of Beaver and Mercer counties,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to investigate the
matter in relation to the recent duel that termi-
nated in the death of the Hon. J. Cillev, and take
such measures as will effectually put a stop to the
murderous practice of duelling in future; on motion,
referred to the select committee to whom that sub-
ject is referred. Also, the petition of a number of
citizens of Beaver county, praying Congress to re-
cind the resolution that abridges the right of petition,
passed 21st December last. Mr. H. moved its
reference to a select committee, but on motion, it
was laid on the tabK
[Mr. M. Morris of Pennsylvania presented the
memorial of the citizens of the Borough of Easton, in
the county of Northampton and Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania, recommending that place as a suit
table site for a national foundry, and asking for it
the consideration of Congress.]
MARYLAND.
Mr. HOWARD withdrew the papers in relation
to the claim of John Smith.
VIRGINIA.
Messrs.  PENNYBACKER,   JOHNSON,  and
WISE.
NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. MONTGOMERY.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Messrs. RHETT and LEGARE.
TENNKSSEE.
Messrs. POLK, STONE, SHIELDS, CARTER,
J. L. WILLIAMS, and McCLELLAND.
[Mr. Stone presented the petition of Wm. Kerr,
a Revolutionary soldier, of Bradley co. Tennessee,
praying for a pension for services rendered in time
of the Revolutionary war.]
[Mr. J. L. Williams presented the petition of
divers citizens of Knox co. Tennessee, praying a
survey, and appropriation for the improvement, of
the Tennessee river: referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed. Also, peti-
tions from divers citizens of Blount and Monroe
counties, Tennessee, praying for the establishment
of a mail strage route from Knoxville to Athens,
via Louisville, Unitia, Morgantown, Eve's Mills,
Rockville, and Midway: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.]
OHIO.
Messrs. HAMER, KILGORE and RIDGE-
WAY.
LOUISIANA.
Mr. GARLAND.
INDIANA.
Messis. EWING, WHITE and HEROD.
[Mr. White presented a joint resolution of the
General Assembly of the State of Indiana, upon the
subject of the survey of a harbor at Indiana city:
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and ordered to be printed.]
ILLINOIS.
Mr. SNYDER.
[Mr, Snyder presented the petition of Robert
Clark, of Randolph county, in the State of Illinois,
praying Congress to authorize him to locate land in
Illinois or Missouri in lieu of warrant No. 2483,
issued 13th February, 1815, from the War Office,
and lost in transmitting it by mail: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.]
ALABAMA.
Messrs. CHAPMAN and LYON.
MISSOURI.
Mr. HARRISON.
[Mr. Harrison presented the petition of sundry
citizens of the Lexington Land District, praying
the passage of a pre-emption law; also, of Wm.
M. Campbell and others, praying Congress to ac-
cept the terms of Cornelius Campbell to drain a
body of water called Marais Emps Clair, in St.
Charles county, Missouri.]
MICHIGAN.
Mr. CRARY.
FLORIDA.
Mr. DOWNING.
The SPEAKER again laid before the House
sundry Executive communications, viz:
1.   From the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
a statement of the names, class, and number of ves-
sels built, or selected, for the exploring expedition.
On motion of Mr. INGHAM, laid on the table.
2.  A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, accompanied with sundry documents, in re-
lation to the Smithsonian bequest.
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN, laidon the table.
3.  A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, in relation to the exports of tobacco to foreign
countries.
On motion of Mr. JENIFER, laid on the table.
4.  A message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a copy and translation of the
letter of Mr. Pontois, communicating a memorial
from the trustees of the house of Lafitte and Co.
at Paris, in relatioa to a claim oí that fiu„ upon
the Government of the United States.
On motion of Mr. HOWARD, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Messrs. GRAY, BRONSON, and HOFFMAN,
of New York, and Mr. PHILLIPS, on leave, pre-
sented petitions.
[Mr. Gray presented a petition from 370 citizens
of Courtland county, N. Y. praying for the expul-
sion of all who were concerned in the late duel;
which was referred to the select committee on the
subject.]
On motion, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, March 19, 1838.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
State Department, in answer to the resolution of
the Sánate, relative to the progress of (he publica-
tion of the Documentary History of the United
States, by Clarke and Force, etc: laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Postmaster General, in
answer to a resolution of tho Senate of the 9th in-
stant, on the subject of the correspondence between
that Department and the Metropolis Bank, and
the claim set up by the latter and disallowed by the
former: laid on the table.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of the Mis-
souri Iron Company, asking permission to enter
five hundred thousand acres of land, on a credit of
five years: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. SWIFT presented the memorial of the Ver-
mont Peace Society, praying Congress to propose
the establishment of a Congress of Nations for the
adjustment of international disputes: ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of sundry
citizens of New York on the subject of the cur-
rency, and in favor of the Independent Treasury
bill: referred to the Committee on Finance, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented several memorials
from citizens of New York, praying for the aboli-
tion of the slavery in the District of Columbia, and
the prohibition of the slave trade between the
States; and
Mr. MORRIS pressnted several petitions from
citizens of Ohio, and one from sundry women of
New Hampshire, on the same subject.
The questions of receiving these petitions were
severally laid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from seve-
ral citizens of New York; and
Mr. MORRIS presented one from sever© citi-
zens cf Ohio, remonstrating against the annexatioa
of Texas to the United States; which were severally
laid on tke table.
! Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition, signed
by sundry citizens of Philadelphia, am on; whom
were judges Baldwin and Hopkins, praying for an
appropriation for the purchase of a site, and tbe^
erection of a suitable building for fte.accommoda-
lion of ihe United States Courts in fh&t city.
Mr. B. said that the accompanying document*
were very strong, and he would move to refer them,
with the petition, to the Committee on the Judicia-
ry, trusting that that committee would give sll the
necessary attention to the subject: the motion was
carried.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Horace Bin-
ney aud sundry other citizens of Philadelphia, in
which they state that a large amount of property
is invested in the bookselling business, and asking
an investigation for the purpose of convincing Con-
gress that great injury and injustice would result
from ths passage of the international copy-right
bill.
Mr. B. said that he would, at a proper time,
move for the appointment of a select committee on
the subject: the memorial was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented e joint resolu-
tion of that State, recommending a site at or near
Hausin, Indiana, on the White Water Ca&al, as a
suitable location for a national armory, and in-
structing her Senators and requesting her Represen-
tatives to use their exertions to procure an exami-
nation of that point, with a view to locate an ar-
mory there, or some other eligible site within th«
State, laid on the table and ordered to be printed,
a bill having been reported generally on the subject.
Mr LYON presented the petition of Felicite
McCoskry, in behalf of herself and children, for
the bounty land and commutation money due her
late husband, Doctor William McCoskry, formerly
of the Revolutionary army: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Essex county, New Jersey, on the
subject of a uniform currency, against the Sub-
Treasury bill, and in favor of a national bank: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. KING presented the petition of E. H. Wil-
liams, administrator of Dr. Cranch, praying com-
pensation for medical services: referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of sundry
ciiizens of Lasalle county, Illinois, praying for a
grant of land, to aid in the improvement of Fox
river: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the petition of sundry
citi«tns of Maine, praying for the charter of a Na-
tional Bank, and opposed to the Independent Trea-
sury bill, in any form. The petitioners say they
are also opposed to the amendment submitted by
Mr. RIVES, regarding it as what they term one of
the unfortunate family of experiments: laid en the
table.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, tu which had been referred the Senate
bill to change the times of holding the courts of the
United States for the ninth circuit, together with
the amendments of the House thereto, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claim , to which had been referred the peti-
tion of James L. White, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. SEVIER, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the bill to authorize the
President of the United States to cause patents to
be issued to the persons, and for the lands therein
mentioned, reportedfhe same without amendment,
and recommending the rejection of the bill.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved to recommit the
bill, with certain additional documents.
Mr. SEVIER opposed the motion; and, after
some remarks from Messrs.  LINN and KING 
Mr. Smith's motion was lost.
' The report was then laid on the table, and order-
ed to be printed.
