CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
249
ed through the Canada press, while not the least
had come from our own Government. The citi-
zens of that section wished to know if our Govern-
ment was sleeping upon it or not, and Mr. F. was
of opinion that, if the answei ta the call contained
such information as it ought, it would greatly tend
to quiet the excitement. He hoped the House
would adopt the resolution, and sutler the informa-
tion to go before the people.
The motion to postpone was then put and lost,
and the resolution was agreed to.
Sundry bills from the Senate were then taken up,
read twice, and refened to their appropriate stand-
ing committees.
CIVIL LIST BILL.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole, Mr. CASEY m the Chair, and took
up the "bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenditures of the Government for
the year 1838. 
The question pending was the motion made on
yesterday by Mr. Halstead, to stake out the item
of $4,000 for a jet d'eau on the south side of the
centre footway in front of the Capitol.
Mr. HALSTEAD had no objection to making
appropriations for improving and ornamenting the
public grounds at a proper season, but at a time
like the present, when our finances were m a most
deranged condition, he thought to make an appro-
propnation of this kind when there was no imme-
diate necessity for it, might subject us to the chaige
of extravagance. It was a matter which might
well be postponed, and he thought a Democratic
economical Administration ought to oppose such
extravagance as this, especially when vie are
borrowing millions of dollars, m the shape of
Treasury notes, for the purpose of carrying on the
operations of the Government. If this apprpria-
Uon had been found m an appropriation under the
late administration of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, across the way, [Mr. Adams,] a great
outcry would have been made about it. We all
know the cry that was raised, during that Admi-
nistration, about the east room, the billiard table,
etc. Then let the present Administration practise
upon the principles which it laid down before it
came into power. He was opposed to all appro-
priations of this kind, which could be dispensed
with without doing any injury to the public service.
Mr. H. addressed the House about two houis,
contrasting the whole of the expenditures ot the
present Administration with the expenditures of
the administration of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, and comparing the principles of Demo-
cracy, a<> laid down by Thomas Jefferson, with
the principles held by the party now in power,
■with a view of showing that the expenditures of
the Government exceeded what they had formerly,
and that the principles of Democracy of the present
time were very different from the principles enter-
tained by Mr Jefferson, and commenting with
much severity upon the course of many of the
Executive officers.
Mr BYNUM was at loss to express his feelings
with regard to the course of argument which had
been pursued by the gentleman from New Jersey.
He was surprised to find that any gentleman would
pursue such a course of remarks, after the scenes
which we have had arising from debates of this
kmd, and he trusted, if gentlemen did not want to
involve the House in disgraceful scenes, that he
would cease to pursue such a course of remarks.
He regretted to see these Halls, which should alone be
used for the purpose oí doing the business of the peo
pie, converted mto an arena for the promulgation of
filthy electioneering slang. He had hoped from
the scenes which have passed before us, that de-
bates of this kind would have been put an end to
m the Hall of the House of Repiesentatives of the
nation. Every intelligent member of the party to
which the New Jersey member was connected, had
the same feeling, with regard to the remarks of the
gentleman, which he [Mr. B j entertained, and he
could only account for this angular speech by the
gentleman's own admission, that he was a no-
vice m matters of legislation; that, he con-
sidered, was the only excuse which the gen-
tleman had for making such a speech on
such   an occasion.   The cause of such   appeals
as these being made to the country, could only he
found in the fact that there was a dread of the ru-
ling hand of the people. Their power at the ballot-
boxes was dreaded; and gentlemen made this place
a political lecture iosm, forihe purpose of promo-
ting their party slang and abuse, to endeavor
to mislead the popular voice of the coun-
try; but the people of the country, who were
cool and calm, and from from the excitement
which might be got up here, would appreciate these
harangues properly, especially as they come fiom
a gentleman who acknowledged himself to be a
novice. If the gentleman from New Jersey had
consulted the older and more experienced members
of his party, for many of whom he [Mr. B.] en-
tertained the highest respect, he would never have
made such a haraugue as the t ne he had just con-
cluded. Ihey would have told him that such at-
tempts were not the more fruitful. He must, there-
fore, look upon the gentleman from New Jersey
as not reflecting the opinions of the party with
vi hich he claimed to act. In fact, he had heard the
opmion of many honorable and high-minded men
with regard to the speech which the gentleman had
delivered, and it was entirely disapproved of by
many of them He would not here attempt a vin-
dication of the Executive Departments of the
Government upon a trifling appropriation for a
fountain in fiont of the Capitol, because,
unfortunately for the gentleman from New
Jersey, on this occasion, the head of the
committee which reponed this appropriation ongi-
nallv, and who urged it upon the Committee of
Ways and Means and the House, was a distin-
guished member of the party to which the gentle-
man belonged He alluded to Mr Lincoln, who
was chairman of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, and ceitamly that gentleman
would never assent to any appropriation which was
exi>aordinary or extravagant
The House would recollect that the gentleman
from New Jeisey, who had just addressed the
House, had on a former occasion, at the exlia ses-
sion, made a speech m most classic style, on which
occasion he believed he had read a great part of
the book of Horace, and he must say that his
remaiks of to-day*illy compoited with his remarks
on that occasion "He had to-day designated the
party opposed to him m politics as "Van Jacks,"
and made allusions to "daike\s"and "blackeys,"
which would do him but little credit m the House
and out of it, and which but little comported with
the oft repeated assertion that his party was
composed of all the talents and all the de-
cency. He trusted the matter would end here,
but he would say to the gentleman that he
occupied a responsible situation, when he used
such slang as this He did not believe, however,
that the gentleman had intended the speech for
the House of Representatives of the nation, but
merely for home consumption—for the use of his
constitutents. Then, if this was the case, he
would recommend the gentleman to address them
in a manner e her at home, or through some other
medium, whim would not be consuming the pub-
lic time and public money. The gentleman's speech
had cost the people and the country more
than the amount of the whole appropriation,
which he proposed to strike out, and he
believed it his constituents were the intel-
ligent citizens, winch he [Mr B ] took them
to be, (hit it would operate moie against the
gentleman himself than those against whom ¡t was
directed. The gentleman had gone on to say that
there were many appropriations for the public ser-
vice which ought to be reduced If this was the
case, that the expenditures of Government were
extravagant, let the gentleman introduce a proposi-
tion to reduce them, separate and apart fiom this
bill, and he would go for it. Mi. B. had no doubt,
however, but that the gentleman from New Jersey
would hold on to the prolific mother of all these
extravagant expenditures—the taiiff".
If he (Mr B ) was going to curtail expendituies,
he should consider that the first blow ought to be
struck at a high tariff; and, if this was done,
where would the gentleman from New Jersey be
found? He would doubtless be found opposing it.
With regard to the vituperative slang of the gen-
tleman against the late President Jackson,he thought
it ill befitting a member of the House of Represen-
tatives, and it only showed the malignant hatred
which the gentleman entertained for the Dimos
cratia—the ruling people of this land. Because
they had honored the late President, the gentleman
from New Jersey denounces him. Mr. B. ad-
dressed the House at considerable length, and with
iow warmth, in reply to the various assertions
and charges of the gentleman from New Jersey.
Mr. LINCOLN opposed the amendment, and
remarked upon the extraordinary course of Mr.
Halstead m making a general attack upon the
Administration, and delaying the passage of this
important bill, on a little item like the one under
consideration, an item inserted by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means at Mr. L's in-
stance. He severely reprehended these indis-
criminate censures and abuse of the Administration,
in which he never would jom, and which he be-
lieved had lost much of the influence among the
people that the party with which he acted would
otherwise have enjoyed, and he was aware of the
responsibility he assumed m making this declara-
tion. Mr L then went on to support the
proposed appropriation with much earnestness,
in repy to Mr. H. and insisted that there
was not a constituent of the gentleman who
would not blush at the work being rejected,
after being acquainted with the circumstances.
There was not the shadow of an apology to reject
it. The gentleman had complained of other ap-
propriations as not being consistent with the Jef-
fersoman Democratic Republican Jacksoman
doctrine, but whatsver it was, uVy should
have Mr. L's support. With reference to the
President's Mansion, about the costliness of
which the gentleman had complained so much, it
was a disgrace to the country, and m many of the
rooms the gentleman would not lodge his negro, if
he kept one. Mr L. had not a constituent who
voted for him whose looms were not better fur-
nished than that m which the President received
company of both sexes. The roof and wings of the
building leaked, and yet the gentleman from New
Jersey Would withhold the appropriation to put it
m repair, to stop the leaks. Mr L would not he-
sitate to empanel a juiy of the gentleman's consti-
tuents on the question, and he hesitated not to say-
that they wnukl not sustain him.
Mr BELL returned his thanks to the gentleman
fiom New Jersey, foi the course he had pursued in
bringing the abuses of the Goveinmentto the notice
of the country, expressed his regret at the remarks of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, and went into
somewhat an extended explanation of Mr. Hal-
si i-ad's remarks Mr B said it was the duty of those
who believed abuses to exist to expose them, and
they must avail themselves of every opportunity to
do so, for whatever appropriation bill came up, its
speedy passage would be urged on the ground of
want of money.
Mi. CAMBRELENG remarked that the gen-
tleman had correctly stated that the cry would be,
on every appropnalion bill, that the money was
wanted They were then in the fourth month of
the session, and there was not one single depart-
ment of the Government that, for the last two or
three months, had not been absolutely at the mercy
of every broker, bank and shaver in the couutry.
By the indulgence of the Speaker alone had the
mcmbeis of Congress been saved, but Mr. C. could
tell gentlemen that even that indulgence was about
to fail, and they would soon be in the situation of
the Government officers throughout the Union
Mi C hoped this bill would be brought out
ot committee to-night, especially as there
were so many important bills behind upon
which they could debate these questions:,
for upwards of half a million of protested
drafts upon the Government were already lying
over. Mr. C. did not regret these speeches being
made at the proper time, for they were always pro-
ductive of good, but he begged gentlemen who had
them in preparation to reserve them to another oc-
casion, which would soon present itself
After a few remarks from Mr. MERCER, Mi.
HALSTEAD obtained the floor, but gave way to
