$50
Mr. BELL, on whose motion the committee rose
and reported.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, on leave, laid on
the table, with a view of having it printed and offer-
ing it on the next resolution day, the following re-
solution:
Resolved, That a select committee of -,— mem-
bers be appointed, to take into consideration the
propriety of proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States prohibiting the several
States, in incorporating banks, 'or other associate
bodies, from authorizing the issue of notes of the
same denominations of the coin of the United
States, or under.
On motion,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, March 21, 1838.
The following message was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Abraham
Van  Bdren, his  private Secretary;  which  was
read:
To the Senate of the United States:
I herewith transmit to the Senate of the United
State, a report from the Secretary of State, ac.com- .
panied by a copy of the correspondence requesled
by their resolution of the ¡>th ultimo.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, March 20, 1838.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the message
with the accompanying documents was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of sundry
citizens af New York, on the subject of the late
duel: laid on the table and printed.
On motion of Mr. CUTHBERT, (he petition
and papers of Commodore Warrington, on the files
of the last session, were again referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Buffalo, New York, praying
that an appropriation be made for the improvement
of the harbor of Silver Creek: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
eleven citizens of Philadelphia, protesting against
the annexation of Texas to the. Union: laid on the
table.
Mr. B. presented two petitions, one signed by
fourteen, the other by forty-one citizens of Phila-
delphia county, praying Congress to abolish slavery
and the slave trade in the District of Columbia.
The question whether these petitions should be re-
ceived, was laid on the table.
Mr. LINN said when he moved, some days
since, for the printing of the report and accompa-
nying documents in relation to the introduction and
cultivation of tropical plants in Florida, he wished to
have had a number of additional copies printed.
Finding that it would be inconvenient to the pub-
lishers to keep the types standing, he would now
move thai 5,000 additional copies be printed at
once.
Mr. BUCHANAN would like so hip explana-
tion before he could consent to vote for the prim-
ing of so large a number of the documents in ques-
tion.
Mr. LINN explained at large that the whole
subject was one of vital interest to Florida, as well
as of vast importance in a national point of vie '.
Mr. L. was well convinced, from what he had al-
ready seen, that the introduction and cultivation
of these plants would be attended with the most
beneficial results to the whole country. The docu-
ments abounded with the most interesting informa-
tion to the scientific agriculturalist, and might be
the means of opening a wide field, in this country,
for the introduction of plants, that could be con-
verted into uses for the Government, while they
would be advantageous to the citizen. Mr. L.
said the documents would speak for themselves.
The question was taken, and the printing was
ordered by a large majority.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
made unfavorable reports on the bills from the
House for the relief of George Dyer and Squire
Stearns.
The bill to change the times of holding the courts
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the United States in the 9th circuit, was taken
up; and the question being on (he amendment of
the House—
Mr. PRESTON said he was opposed to the
amendment offered by the House of Representa-
tives, because it would have a tendency to dimi-
nish the duties of the judge of the 9th district, and
increase those of the judge of South Caralina and
Georgia, who in the case before the Senate, Mr. P.
said might be viewo 1 somewhat in the light of a
constituent. These judges, he said, were of recent
appointment, and had entered upon their duties with
a full knowledge of all the labors and responsibili-
ties attached to the station.
It was well known that Judge Wayne had per-
formed the duties of his office to the satisfaction of
every body; and hence he, Mr. P. objected to the
additional labors which ihc amendment would
necessarily impose on him. Besides, if he recollected
aright, it was made ground of complaint the other
day by a Senator from Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,]
that the judge had not yet performed the duties of
his office; and yet here was a proposition before
them to make a change before we could tell how
the system would be likely to work.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the Senator from
South Carolina seemed to make it a personal,
rather than a puhlic, concern. If the- Senator
would look at the subject with his usual care, he
would perceive that the change would be attended
with great public: convenience. It was not a ques-
tion of taking from one and giving to another, but
so to equalize the duties as to insure their perform-
ance to the satisfaction of the public. As the
airangemcnt now stood, it was utterly impractica-
ble for the judge of the ninth district to got through
the labors of the office. Mr. C. then went into a
long detail to show the extent of travel incident to
this circuit, and contrasted it with that of the judge
of the sixth judicial district. While Judge McKin-
lcy's circuit embraced an extent of upwards of six
thousand five hundred miles. Judge Wayne's did
not exceed thirty-six hundred.
Mr. WHITE spoke for some time in relation to
the adoption of the present judicial system, and the
object that was had in view in its original arrange-
ment. He would prefer that the whole matter
should stand as it does until the next session. Mr.
W. took occasion to express Ids regret at the at-
tempt to introduce as ystem of mileage for the judges,
and he was pie ised to see that the committee liad
asked to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject. If the salaries of the judges
are not sufficient, [said Mr. W.] raise them, but
do not establish a system alike at war with former
usages, and the dignity of the station.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that as this bill would
probably take up some time in discussion, and as
it was near the hour for die special orders of the
day to be taken up, he should move to lay it on
the table, or pass it over informally.
The bill was then passed over infoimally, Mr.
PRESTON intimating ht« intention, when it came
np'again, to move to recommit it to the Committee
on the Judiciary, with instructions.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the In-
dependent Treasury bill, when Mt. SOUTHARD
resumed hi* argumtn', in opposition to the bill, and
continued speaking till after three o'ekvk.
The question was then taken on Mr. RIVES'S
amendment, which was rejected by the following
vote:
YEAS—.Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Knight, McKean, Merrick,
Nicholas, Prentiss, Rives, Robbins, Ruggles, Smi:h
of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Swift, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Webster, and White—20.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbcrt, Ful-
ton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Lyon, Morris, Montón, Niles, Norvell, Roane,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Strange,
Trotter, Walker, Wall, Williams, Wright, and
Young—29.
Mr. PRESTON, after the result of the vote was
announced, came into the Senate Chamber, and
asked permission to record his vote in favor of the
substitute.
The VICE PRESIDENT said, if there was no
objection made, he should direct the Secretary to
record the name.
Mr. BENTON objected. He had been there
eighteen years, and had uniformly opposed every
motion of that kind. He thought it established a
bad precedent to permit Senators to record their
names after the vote had been taken, and the result
made known.
Mr. GRUNDY wished the Senator «wild forego
his objections, and instanced a case during the
present session where he had his name recorded by
one of the reporters as voting against a measure,
when, in fact, he had not voted at all. On the
next morning, he stated the matter to the Senate,
and asked permission to have his.name recorded in
the affirmative, which was granted.
Mr. KING was desirous that courtesy should be
extended to the Senator, and that he be permitted
to record his vote; and the course was the less ob-
jectionable, as the result could not be varied by
granting the psrmission.
Mr. BENTON was inflexible; he had (as he be-
fore observed) for the last eighteen years, pursued
the same policy, and could not consent to yield the
point now. He would so far yield, however, as to
move to reconsider the vote, by which means the
same object could be more safely attained.
Mr. CUTHBERT here rose and observed that
lie bad hitherto remained silent while this subject
was under discussion, holding a peculiar position in
relation to it. With those with whom he was ac-
custrmed to act, he agreed not in terms merely,
but in sincerity of heart, in essential principles; it
was, therefore, always painful to him. to separate
himself from them where their feelings were deeply
engaged, or where they believed they were vindi-
cating the interests or honor of the country. When
he said this much, he believed there would be con-
fidence placed in the sincerity of the motives which
governed him in the course he was about to take.
Having hitherto been unwilling to embarrass his
friends by an expression of sentiments adverse to that
policy which they believed was the best for the coun-
try, and having under this feeling been silent while
this subject was debated,offering no amendment and
taking no part in the discussion, he now thought
that the moment had arrived when it would be pro-
per to explain his position fully to the Senate. It
was this: he essentially agreed with his friends that
there ought ta be a separation between the business
of the Government and that of the banks, and he
believed there was sufficient evidence in the last
year that the country was prepared for it and would
sustain his friends in effecting that Separation. But
he was not willing to go beyond that which was es-
sentially necessary for effecting that object; he was
not willing to go to the extent of abandoning that
medium by which the commerce of the country is
carried on. He could have wished to have explain-
ed himself further, but that species of indisposition
which rendered it difficult for him to address the
Senate, as well as the sudden surprise occasioned by
taking the important vote just announced, prevent-
ed his so doing.
Under these circumstances, and saying as he did
to his friends that he believed that the principles on
which they acted were in accordance with the form
of our Government and the character of our peo-
ple; and believing, too, that their struggle was to
maintain the rights of the people and that equality
in our social compact which was essential to the
prcscrvat.on of our institutions—honoring and lov-
ing them as he did for the purity of their inten-
tions, and the ability with which they sustained the
cause they were advocating, and sympathizing with
them, as he always had done, and should continue
to do while he bad life, he felt the deepest pain in
making the motion he now did, to strike out the
23d section of the bill.
The CHAIR stated, that the motion of the Sena-
tor from Georgia .was not then in order.
The question was then taken on Mr. BEN-
TON'S motion, and the reconsideration of the vote
on Mr. RIVES'S amendment was ordered.
After a brief interval, Messrs. BAYARD and
PIERCE, the two Senatorswho were absent, arriv-
ing, the question was again taken on Mr. RIVES'S
substitute, and it was rejected—yeas S3, nays 30,
aa follows;                                                 ' '       *
