CONGRESSIONAL &LOBÉ.
253
give the Secretary of War discretionary power.
Mr. G. thought the price proposed extravagant;
that no land in that section of country could be
worth $15,000, the price stipulated to be paid.
Mr. FULTON observed, in reply to the remarks
of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Grundy,] that,
the value of the situation of Old Fort Smith was
greatly increased by means of the improvements
erected upon the point by Captain Rodgers, the
present owner of the property. There were six
houses of various descriptions now used as stores,
dwelling houses, and warehouses, worth from
eight to ten thousand dollars, and which would be
of great' value to the United States in uses con-
nected with the erection and occupation of the
fort. The site of Old Port Smith was directly
upon the line which separates the Choctaw lands
from the State of Arkansas. The old fort was
situated on the Indian lands; and the houses and
other improvements of Captain Rodgers, within a
few hundred feet of the fort, were within the State
of Arkansas. For the use of the fort, the lands of
Captain Rodgers were indispensable. They were
purchased by him after the final settlement of the
boundary line. This point was one of the most
eligible upon the Arkansas river for purposes of
defence, and for the enforcement of the intercourse
laws. This point, and one other on. the opposite
side of the river, a few miles lower down, were the
only places recommended as at all suited to the
object by the commissioners. The country above
upon the river, for many miles, is low and subject
to inundation, and cannot be used for the erection
of a fort; and the consequence is, that if the new
fort is to be erected for the defence of the frontier
of Arkansas, it must be built either at the point
where Old Fort Smith is situated, or upon the
highlands, at the mouth of Lee's Creek. The
Secretary of War, said Mr. F. has already declared
his preference in favor of Fort Smith; and a pro-
position is now in his possession, binding upon
Captain Rodgers to sell to the Government the
quantity of his land required, with all the buildings
and other improvements upon it, for the sum of
$15,000. No difficulty can, therefore, grow out
of the provision in the resolution designating the
place where the fort is to be erected; and knowing
Captain Rodgers as I do, I feel authorized to say
he will not attempt to increase the sum he has
proposed to take for his lands.
This resolution has been introduced in con-
formity with the views of the Secretary of War,
who has stated to me that he had decided in favor
of Fort Smith.
As to the importance of this work oí defence to
the State of Arkansas, and the urgent necessity of
its immediate erection, my colleague has already
so fully presented those points to the Senate as to
make it unnecessary for me to offer any further
remarks upon the subject.
Mr. SEVIER explained at length the subject,
showing the present exposed state of the frontier,
and maintained that the location of the fort at the
spot designated in the joint resolution was necessa-
ry to protect the sáttlers, and quiet their apprehen-
sions. He could scarcely restrain his tempei with-
in bounds, when he heard gentlemen talk of dol-
lars and cents, at a time when the lives of a whole
frontier settlement were in jeopardy. Report after
report had been made in favor of the spot, and yet
the Secretary of War had neglected to provide
what he ought to have done in relation to the sub-
ject.
Mr. PRESTON thought it would be better to
leave the matter in the hands of the Secretary,
whose business it was to look into such things, and
whose opportunity of judging of the fitness of lo-
cation, &c. were far better than any Senator could
have. Besides he was opgosed to forcing the Se-
cretary to take positions at a stipulated price. He
[Mr. P.] thought the sum of #15,000 really ex-
travagant for any land in that quarter of the coun-
try, and he felt more disposed to rely on the state-
ments of the Secretary and his officers, than on
the parole statemefits of gentlemen who could not
have the same opportunity of information.
Mr. SEVIER was sorry that the Senator from
South Carolina could not preserve his consistency
throughout. It was but a little while ago that Se-
nator was for trusting as little as possible to Execu-
tive discretion in any thing. Now he is for leaving
this whole matter to the option of the Secretary.
Mr. S. said he thought he had shown the necessity
that existed for occupying the present site of the
old fort [Smith] and that year after year the Secre
tary had omitted to place it there, because he [the
Secretary] did not conceive that the original reso-
lution on this subject comported with his views.
Mr. S. said he would agree that it should be so
amended, as to direct the Secretary to purchase
Fort Smith, provided the same could be obtained at
a reasonable amount.
Mr. GRUNDY suggested that the words " at or
near Fort Smith," be inserted; which was agreed
to, and the resolution ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported the bill from the House, for
the relief of Jacob Hawks, without amendment.
Mr. KING, from ths Committee of Commerce,
reported the bill from the House, for the relief of
Samuel Potter and James Cassedy, without amend-
ment. Also, without amendment, the bill for the
relief of John Peterson.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the In-
dependent Treasury bill, and after a debate be-
tween Messrs. CALHOUN and WEBSTER,
The Senate went into the consideration of Exe-
cutive business; after which
The Independent Treasury bill was again taken
up; and
Mr. TIPTON handed to the Chair the following
amendment, which he proposed to offer, when in
order:
And he it farther enacted, That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, required and
directed to adopt such measures as he may deem
necessary to cauM, as soon as may be, all duties,
taxes, debts, or sums of money accruing or becom-
ing payable to the United States, upon the sales
of public lands or otherwise, to be collected, and
paid in the legal currency of the United States,
or in Treasury notes, as by law provided and de-
clared, or in notes of banks which are payable,
and paid on demand, in the said legal currency of
the United States. No such duties, taxes, or sums
of money accruing or becoming payable to the
United States, as aforesaid, ought to be collected
or received, otherwise than in the legal currency of
the United Stales, or in Treasury notes, or in notes
of banks winch are payable and paid on demand,
in the said legal currency of the United States.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, March 23, 1838.
THE LATE DUEL.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, presented petitions on
the late duel, from Braintree, Mass.; Harrisburg,
Pa.; Cayuga co. N. Y.; Seneca co. N. Y.; Wind-
ham co. Conn.; Poland, Me.; Chelsea, Mass.; Can-
ton, Mass.; Holliston, Mass.;  and Scituate, Mass.
Mr. MATTHIAS MORRIS, also, on leave, pre-
sented the memorial of William M. Fahnestock
and 23 other citizens of Lancaster county, and
parts adjacent in the State of Pennsylvania, asking
Congress to pass a law for the suppression of duel-
ling.
Mr. ANDREWS, on leave, presented a petition
from citizens of Yeates-co. N. Y. asking the ex-
pulsion of the members of this House who were en-
gaged in the duel which resulted in the dsath of
the Hon. Jonathan Cilley, and for the passage
of a law to prevent duelling.
Mr. BIRDSALL asked leave to present a peti-
tion on the same subject.
Mr. EWING objected.
Mr. McKENNAN asked leave to present two
petitions on the same subject, and no objection be-
ing then made, they were received and referred to
the select committee.
Mr. ANDREWS also presented a memorial on
the same subject.
Mr. NOBLE also presented a similar petiion.
Memorials on private claims were severally pre-
sented by Mr. DOWNING of Florida, Mr. LYON
of Alabama, and Mr.  SOUTHGATE of Ken
tuoky.
ELECTION OF DOORKEEPER.
Mr. McKENNAN, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That this House will proceed, on Mon-
day next, at 2 o'clock, to the election of a prin-
cipal doorkeeper, to supply the vacancy occasioned
by the death of Mr. Overton Carr.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland suggested its post-
ponement, as the Committee on Accounts had the
subject of the appointments of the officers of the
Hall under consideration.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Noah Carolina, at the sug-
gestion of Mr. CAM BRELENG, moved to post
pone it till Monday week.
Mr. HAYNES opposed the motion.
Mr. BOON moved to postpone it till the first
Monday in December next, on the ground that, by
a resolution adopted yesterday, the salary of the
late doorkeeper was extended to the end of the pre-
sent session, and they had got along since the first
Monday in September last, with only one door-
keeper.
Mr. WILLIAMS took the same ground, and
thought it probable such an officer might be dis-
pensed with altogether.
Mr. JOHNSON ol Virginia, advocated a post-
ponement, on the ground that the Committee on
Accounts might throw some light on the subject
committed to them, connected with this office. In
reply to an inquiry from Mr. Haynbs, Mr. J. sta-
ted it as probable that they would report early in the
week.
Mr. BOON'S motion was disagreed to; that of
Mr. WILLIAMS agreed to; and the resolution was
postponed till Monday week.
Mr. HALL of Vermont, having obtained leave
of the House, sent to th« Chair the Globe of last
evening, (March 22,) from which the Clerk read
as follows:
"On the 11th February, 1815, when the bill re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means for
regulating the deposite of the money of the United
States m certain local banks was before the House
of Representatives, Mr. Robertson moved that
the bill be recommitted, with instructions to the
Committee of Ways and Means so to amend the
same as to dispense with the agency or instrumen-
tality of banks in the fiscal operations of the Go-
vernment.
In favor of this motion the votes of the follow-
ing gentlemen are recorded on the journal (page
359) in the affirmative:
" Messrs. John duincy Adams, Heman Allen,
John J Allen, Chilton Allan, Archer, Ashley,
Banks, Barber, Barnitz, Barringer, Bates, Baylies,
Beale, Beaty, Bell, Bmney, Briggs, Burges, Camp-
bell, Chambers, Chilton, Claiborne, Clark, Clay-
ton, Corwm, Crane, Crockett, Darlington, Davis,
Davenport, Deberry, Denny, Dickson, Evans,
Everett, Ewing, Fillmore, Foster, Gamble, Gar-
land, Gholson, Gordon, Gorham, Grayson, Gren-
nell, Griffin, Hiland Hall, Hard, Hardin, Harper,
Hazeltine, Heath, Hiester, William Jackson, Ebe-
nezer Jackson, Janes, Henry Johnson, Seaborn
Jones, Letcher, Lewis, Lincoln, Love, Martmdsle,
Marshall, McComas, McKennan, Mercer, Milli-
gan, Miner, Moore, Phillips, Pickens, Potts, Reed,
Robertson, William B. Shepard, Slade, Spangler,
Steele, William P. Taylor, Tompkins^Trumbull,
Tweedy, Vance, Vinton, Watmough, Wilde, Wil-
liams, Wilson, Wise, and Young."
Mr. HALL said he would not ask for the further
reading of the paragraph. The artide proceeded
to state that the gentlemen whose names had just
been read, himself among the number, 19 .ving thus
in 1835 voted in favor of dispensing with the
agency of banks in the fiscal operations of the Go-
vernment, were now, in 1838, opposing a measure
of the same character; and then followed a disser-
tation upon "Federal patriotism," "Federal con-
sistency," &c. &.c. with which it was unnecessary
to trouble the House.
Mr. H. said a statement similar to that in the
Globe had been published in some of the papers in
his own State, and his object now was to set the
matter right before his constituents and the country.
He never did, on that or any other occasion, give
