256
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
there were more clerks employed by the different
postmasters than were necessary, and that he had
restricted hi  estimate, in consequence of this He
knew that a very small compensation would ex-
ceed the item, and the\mly leasonable conclusion
he could come to on the subject was that the
Postmaster General intended to reduce the number
of these clerks, and in consequence of this, had
put this item at its present low rate.
Mr. McKAY explained the object of these i'ems,
and assured the House that they were entirely se-
parate and distinct, and that both were necessaiy
Mr. WHITTLESEF then slated that he would
withdraw his objections to the amendment, for the
present, and obtain the information he desired from
the Post Office Department, between this time and
the lime when the bill would be placed upon us
third reading
Mr. CAMBRELENG gate notice of an amend-
ment he should move to-morrow to this amendment,
providing for the manner m which the money
should be paid, viz out of the receipt-! of the Post
Office Department, which, on his motion, was 01-
dered to be printed
Mr UNDERWOOD gave notice of an amend-
ment for the reduction of salaries to the ofhcers of
the General Government, to the amount of salary
paid to the Chief Justice of the States in which
"such officers are employed, and aik^d the Chair if
it would be m order
The CHAIR replied in the negative
Several gentlemen rose to give notice of amend-
ments, but, before they weresubmiUed,
On motion,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Friday, March 23, 1838.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from the
Pennsylvania State Temperance Society, praying
Congress to repeal the law which allows, daily ra-
tions in spintous liquors to seamen in the Navy
referred to the Committee on Naval Aflaus Mr
McK. presented two petition of similar tenure from
citizens of Pennsylvania, on the subject of a Na-
tional Foundry:referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs Also, a petition Iroin 128 women vi
Bradford, Luzerne, a id McKean counties, a peti-
tion from 98 women of Bucks county, and a peti-
tion from 116 women of Columbia count), Penn-
sylvania, placing Congress immediitely to abolnh
slavery m die District oí Columbia
Mr. TROTTER presented the petition of the
Trustees of Sharon College, Mississipp , asking for a
grant of a section of land referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands
Mr ROANE piesented the petition of a nuLiber
of citizens of Richmond, Virginia, praying an ex-
amination of that place in íeference to the selection
of a site for a national foundiy refened to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to bs
printed.
Mr BUCHANAN pie^ented ihe memorial of 24
eitizenc of Lancaster county, Pennsjlvama, against
the practice of duelling, and asking Congiess to
pass a ¡aw preventing any person who shall be en-
gaged in a duel from holding any office of trust,
honor, oi profit, under the Unitsi States laid on
the table
Mr B also presented the memorial of John P
Van Ness, President of the Metropolis Bank, stat-
ing that there had been some mistake m the cones-
pondence transmitted to the Senate that had taken
place between that bank and certain of the public
departments, and asking for its coirection the me-
morial and documents were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed
Messrs. SWIFT and PRENTISS presented seve-
ral petitions praying for the abolition of slavery
and the slave trade m the District of Columbia,
the question of the reception of which were seve-
rally laid on the table
On motu n of Mr GRUNDY, the bill to restore
circuit jurisdiction to the District Court of the
United States for the Western District of Vir-
ginia, was taken up, and after be ng amended, it
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading
The bill for the relief of the hens of Joseph
Nfeburt, deceased, and
The joint resolution directing the expenditure of
an appropriation heretofore made for the removal
of the troops from Port Gibson; were severally
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TIPTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of compen-
sating Hiram H Lewis and William T. Lewis, for
horses lost by them while m the military service of
the United States.
On motion of Mr KING, the Senate took up
the bill for the relief of James J Patterson; which
was read, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The repoit from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims unfavorable to the petition of Philip John-
son, was considered and concuned in
The following bills were severally taken up, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and or-
dered to a third reading
The bill granting pensions to certain widows;
The bill foi the íelief of Sutton Stephens, and
The bill for the reliet of Ann S Heileman
The bill for the improvement ol the river Wabash
being taken up,
Mr KING said that this bill should have been
referred to the Committee on Commerce, -which
committee was supposed to have charge of the
subjects alluded to, yet now it was reported from a
diflerent committee, and brought to the considera-
tion of the Senate before proper time was had for
giving it mature consideration He asked, if Sena-
tors were pressed to act on such a subject, how far
they were disposed to go, how much to spend in
impiovement of rivers and roads' He would really
like to have some explanation of the business
Mr HUBBARD thought it extraordinary that
this bill should be introduced, and, as it would be
necessary to get rid of it at once, he should move to
lay it on the table, on which question he would ask
the yeas ?nd nays
Mr LINN thought it would be better to refer
the matter to the Co nmitlce on Commerce, where
it would ha\e an opportunity of undergoing ample
investigation He had not looked into the merits
of the present bill, vet he expressed his intention of
voting generally in favor of such mea-surss,
Mi HUBBARD said he had no objection to that
ourse lie could hardly suppose it possible that
1 e Committee on Conmercc w ould ever report
such a bill He had examined its provisions, and
never knew a bill so general in its nature Mr H.
expressed himself perfectly contented that it should
go to the committee named, but it could never re-
cen e his vote under any circumstances
Mr SMITH of Indiana hoped that the Senate
would not be prejudiced against the bill, by the
remarks ef the Senator last up The subject was
one of great importance, in many points of view,
w Inch he should endeavor to show, when the pro-
peí time arrived
Mr TIPTON sa^d n íeply to the inquiry made
by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr Kino,] that
the bill to improve the nat igation of the Wabash,
was introduced early in the session, and referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals This bill is not
new to the Senate, it his been frequently before
this body, and always referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals, that committee had reported
the bill to the Senate, before the propositions for
improving the navigation of Wh^e and Black
rivers in Missouri and Arkansas was discussed,
and referred t > the Committee on Commerce The
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hubbard,]
seemed to think it extrarodmary that this bill is
introduced here, the honorable member would
now, by a moment's reflection, recullect that a
similar bill passed m 1832, and in 1834, a bill of
which the one now before us is a cop), pissed the
Senate, and the House of Representatives, of which
latter House he was then a member it has
been the constant pricticeof Congress to appro-
priate money to improve rivers The claims of
the Hudson river, Savannah r.vei, Cumberland
mer, Red river, Arkansas, Monongahela, and
many other rivers of less importance than the
Wabash, have been favorably reported on by the
Committee on Commerce, and millions appropria-
ted from the public Treasury to improve them.
The States of Indiana and Illinois, between which
this river is the line, at the point where this im-
provement is to be made, have organized a board
of public works, and have commenced improving
the Wabash, and he [Mr. T.] would propose to
amend the bill, by authorizing the expenditure of
the money under the authority of these States.
The Wabash was the largest tributary of the
Ohio, with a soil unsurpassed m point of fertility,
with a population of more than half a million of
people interested in its navigation. These people
have a right to expect the General Government to
aid in this work He appealed not to the liberality,
but to the justice of the Senate to pass the bill.
Mi. HUBBARD said such might have been the
faet in relation to this bill being a capy of one
which passed the Senate and House in 1834, but he
was perfectly satisfied that it had never received
his sanction, nor did he believe that of his col-
league.
The bill was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce
The Ssnate then resumed the consideration of
the Independent Treasury Bill, when Mr. WALL
addressed the Senate at great length m support of
the bill
After which
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, March 24,1838.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina, on leave,
presented a petition for a private claim.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made unfavorable reports on the petitions
of Button Evans and Captain D Rogers.
Mr MORGAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported adversely on the peti-
tions of Jonathan Fair, Amos Allen, and Rebecca
Mills; which reports were ordered to lie on the table
On motion of Mr MORGAN, the petitions of
John Snow and T W Norman weie referred to
the same Committee of the Whole to which gene-
lal bill No 17G was referred, it being a bill which
includes thnr case.
Mr PATTON, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a bill to piovide for the employ-
ment of an agent of the Library Committee.
Mr. PATTON, from the same committee, re-
ported the following resolution.
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives be directed to subscribe for ten numbers
of "Niles's Register" for each member of the
House, to be delivered once a week Provided, the
editor of said Register will agree to publish in, or
as part of, said work, at least once a week, under
the direction of the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, the journals of both Houses of Congress,
with the yeas and nays on all questions Provided
further, that the editor of said Regis er will also
agree to publish, at the end of every session of Con-
gress, under the direction ef the said officer of the
House, a supplement to said work, containing all
the laws passed thereat, and treaties ratified by the
Senate, to which shall be prefixed 3 copious index,
to be approved of by said officer, and iurmsh one
copy thereof, free of charge, to each membei of
Congress for the time being.
Mr PATTON said it was a matter of some con-
sequence that this resolution should be adopted as
soon as possible, though he had ro objection to a
brief pos'ponement, if any gentleman desired it.
Mr. McKAY hoped the resolution would be per-
mitted to lie over, for he was opposed to it, and
hoped it would not be adopted
Mr MERCER moved a reconsideration of the
vote of yes'erday, by which the documents in rela-
tion to the title ol the United States to Friends Ore
Bank w as referred to the Select Committee on a
National Found >, which was agreed to, and Mr.
M. moved Us reference to the Judiciary
Mr McCLURE moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on ihe National Foundry
These motions were briefly discussed by Messrs
McCLURE, THOMAS, JOHNSON of Mary-
land, MERCER, POPE, and HOWARD
