CONGRESSIONAL, &L.OBE.
35th Corta.........2nd Sess.__________________MONDAY, APRIL g7~18S8.                       ________Volume 6...~...No. \7.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                    ~~      WEEKLY                                        PRICE $1 PER SESSION.
(Continued from No. 16.)
The motion to commit to the Judiciary Commit-
tee was agreed to without a division.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting the report and estimates of Lieut. Stockton,
superintendent of the harbor at Michigan City, In-
diana, and the same of the harbor of St. Josephs,
Michigan.
On motion of Mr. WHITE of Indiana, referred
to the same Committee of the Whole haying charge
of the harbor bill.
The SPEAKER, also, laid before the House
another communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting a report of the Acting Quartermaster
General, accompanied with sundy documents, re-
specting the measures taken to carry into effect the
act of July, 1836, authorizing the laying out a
military road on the western frontier, and the erec-
tion of military posts thereon.
On motion of Mr. HARRISON of Missouri, laid
on the table.
CIVIL LIST BILL.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then asked the consent of
the House to proceed with the appropriation bill.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana, objected; and
gave as a reason the importance of acting on some
of the five or six hundred bills on the private
calendar.
Mr. CAMBRELENG thereupon moved a sus-
pension of the rule, which was agreed to, 94 to 39.
So the House resumed the consideration of the
"bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of Government for the year 1838,"
the question being on concurring with the Commit-
tee of the Whole in their amendments.
The amendment under consideration was the
following clause for appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the current year
For transportation of mai                   - §3,400,000
For compensation of postmasters - 935,000
For ship, steamboat, and way letters - 31,000
For wrapping paper   -           -           -        20,000
For office furniture     -                                   6,000
For advertising           -           -           -        25,000
For mail bags-           -           -           -        40,000
For blanks     -                                              36,000
For mail locks and keys and stamps   -          9,000
For mail depredations and special agents 12,000
For clerks for offices  -           -           -       140,000
For miscellaneous      -           -           -        40,000
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved the following in
lieu of the above
" For tiasportation of mails, compensation of
pos masters, ship, steamboat, and way letters, wrap-
ping paper, office furniture, auvertising, mail bags,
blanks, mail locks, keys and stamps, mail depreda-
tions and special agents, clerks for offices, and mis-
cellaneous expenses, making, according to the esti-
mates ef the Department for each branch of these
expenditures, an aggregate of four million six hun-
dred and mnety-ioui thousand dollars; to be paid
out of the receipts of the Post Office Department,
and chaiged to that fund, as provided by the third
section of ths act aforesaid "
Mr. ADAMS opposed the amendment, because
he objected to the specification being stricken out
He would not ask the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means to assign a reason for this,
because it was understood to be by order of the
Postmaster General, and that, he supposed, was
sufficient. Mr. A. argued for some time in support
of specifying, as the only mode to secure account-
ability.                                                               ,   ,
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio stated that he had
mad the inquiry which he had given notice of yes-
terday, and was now satisfied that the two items
he had alluded to ought to be retained in the bill.
With legard to the question now before the House,
bethought it proper that these appropriations should
be specific Formerly the Postmaster General
was accountable for all the expenditures of that
Department, but this was found to be an evil, and
Congress had determined to take this power from
the head of that Department, and have the Post
Office fund placed in the Treasury, and then ap-
propriate it as all other appropriations were made.
Well, other appropriations were specific, and why
was it that this appiopnation shouldnot be specific?
If this was not done, the act of 1836 was nugatory
and of no effect, as it made the head of that De-
partment no more accountable than he was before
it was enacted, and if it was not necessary that
this appropriation should be specific.it was not ne-
cessary that any other appropriation should be spe-
cific. His understanding of the act of 1836 was
that the Postmaster General should send in his re-
port and estimates, which might be needed for
each service in his Department for the coming
year, and these should be made the basis of the
appropriation in the bill, each item being there
specified.
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated that this Hem of
amendment was in strict pursuance of the act of
1836. He was as much in favor oí specific appro-
priations as the gentleman from Massachusetts or
the gentleman from Ohio, but he considered it sin-
gular that m this instance the gentleman from
Massachusetts had made such objections to this
amendment on the ground of its not being specific,
when the whole fund of this department, from the
year 1789 to 1836, was at the discretion of the
Postmaster General, and could not be affected oi
controlled by the appiopnations of Congress.
During the gentleman's own administration of
the affairs of the Government, there had been some
twelve or fifteen millions of dollars expended by
the Postmaster General without there being any
control over it by Congress. He, with the Post-
master General, considered that there was no use
m specific appropriations, if the Executive Depart-
ment could tiansfer them from one service to
another; and this had been done durmg the Ad-
ministration of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, not onlyj with law, but without it;
and it was this very individual whom the gen-
tleman now thought proper to speak of with
some severity, while Fourth Auditor, who had
discovered and exposed this practice. He was
as willing that appropriations should be specific
as possible, but it was impossible to make these
appropriations specific, because there was no tel-
ling what each service would cost a year before
hand. In the army the salary of every officer was
fixed, and consequently it was very easy to make
these appropriations specific to the dollar, but this
was not the case m the Post Office. No one could
tell precisely what the transportation of the mails
would cost, and consequently it was impossible to
make specific appropriations for this service.
Mr. TILLINGHAST went into an examination
of the law of 1836, and the report of the Postmas-
ter General, with a view of showing that that offi-
cer was mistaken in saying that this appropriation
is gross.
Mr. EWING of Indiana, contended that, by the
construction of this amendment, it made an appro-
priation of §55,000,000 instead of $5,000,000, and
moved to stake out the words "for each branch of
these expenditures," but the motion was ruled to be
out of order.
Mr. REED contended that these appropriations
ought to be specific, as this was the only way in
which the power of the Postmaster General, which
was, in his opinion, by far too great, could be li-
mited.
Mr. RICE GARLAND went into an argument
of some length, to show that the act of 1836 re-
quired that this appropriation should be specific,
and ihought it most singular that such a construc-
tion should be put upon this act of 1836 as was
put upon it by the gentleman from New York and
the Postmastei General He contended that no
great inconvenience could result from specific ap-
propriations.
Mr. CONNOR called the attention of the House
to the appropriation bill of 1836, immediately after
the law passed to place this fund in the Treasury,
which made an appropriation in gross of upwards
of three millions of dollars, for the expense? of the
Post Office Department. This was the construc-
tion of the House in relation to this matter, imme-
diately after the passage of the law of 1836 He
contended that it was impossible to make this ap-
propriation specific, while appropriations for the
other branches of the public service might be spe-
cific. Take the item of blanks, and it was impos-
sible to say how many would be needed.
Next take the case of the mails, and how was it
possible that an appropriation specific for this pur-
pose with any accuracy' They were continually
changing, and the expense of them was continually
increasing; therefore it was impossible to arrive at
accuracy. The Postmaster General was invested
with extraordinary power by law, from the n ces-
sity of the case. This was discovered to be neces-
sary at an early day, and why was it now that his
power should be limited? He considered that some
discretion was necessary in relation to this officer,,
and he trusted the House would not so limit him as
to make him incapable of performing his dunes ía
such manner as to be most satisfactory to the whole
country.
Mr. UNDERWOOD believed that this was the
first time which the attention of the House had
been brought to this subject, and it now having beea
brought to it, in his opinion, it was proper that this
appropriation should be made in the same manner
i in which all ether appropriations were made.
There was no more reason why this appropriation
should not be specific than there was that other ap-
priations should not be, and he trusted the House
would adhere to its former practice, and make this
appropriation like all others, as this was, in his
opinion, the safest and the best mode of proceeding.
Mr. MONTGOMERY referred to the ac of
1836, and stated that, m his opinien, all it required
was for the Postmaster General to send in an esti-
mate of the amount which it was expected would
be required for the use of his office. Well, this
had been done, but why should these specific
items be inserted in the appropriation bill? If they
were, and one of these appropriations should
not be half enough for the service to be per-
formed, what was the consequence' He will
not transfer any other appropriation to this ser-
vice, and the service will be reduced one-half.
This might operate very injuriously to some
parts of the service of the Department. But if the
appropriation was made m gross, he might apply
any part of the fund to a service, and keep up that
which would be most advantageous to the coun-
try. He was at a loss to know why it was thatgen-
tleman were so fearful to trust the head of the Post
Office Department with the power he had heretofore
always exercised. If they had any fear that the
expenditures of that Department were not pro-
perly made, let them direct the Committee on the
Expenditures of that Department, to make an ex-
amination into the matter, and lay it before the
House. He was perfectly willing that this should
be done, but he hoped that officer would not be
censured until some evidence of misconduct was
discovered. The whole affairs of that Department
had, in his opinion, been well managed by the pre-
sent incumbent, therefore he was opposed to bind-
ing him down m the manner m which this specific
amendment would bind him down
Mr. BELL wished to know of the chairman of
the Post Office Committee what proportion of the
funds of the Post Office Department had actually
been paid into the Treasury of the United States.
Mr MONTGOMERY said there was no docu-
ment yet on the table which would give this infor-
mation; a document, however, was expected short-
ly, which would give it. He himself could not say
what was the proportion; but he referred the gen-
tleman from Tennessee to the manner m which the
money was placed in the Treasury; and he doubted
not he could have ail the information which he de-
sired.
