2fU
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In Mai je__For placing monuments on Fort
Point ledge, Adams's ledge, and Buck ledge, in
Penobscot river, $1,300, in addition to the sum of
$3 000, appropriated by act of 3d March, 1837.
In Massachusetts —For two small beacon lights
on the north side of Nantucket island, m addition
to the sum of $500 heretofore appropriated, the
sum of $2,100
For a light house on Mayo beach, in Well Fleet
bay, m addition to $1,000 heretofore appropriated,
the bum of $4,000.
In Connecticut —For rebuilding the light-house
atLjnde Point, in addition to the sum of $5,000
heretofore appropriated, the sum of #1,200.
For a sea wall to preserve the light-house at Fan
Weather island, in addition to the sum of §5,000
heretofore appropriated, the sam of §3,000
In New York —For placing a beacon on Ro-
mers shoal, near Sandy Hook, in addition to the
sum of $15,000 heretoiore appropriated, the iuni
of $10,000
For a light-house] on Esopus Meadows, on the
Hudsen river, m addition to $3,000 heietofore
appropriated, the sum of $3,000
For a light-house on Cedar Island, Sag Harbor,
in addition to fl,000 heretofore appropriated,
the sum of $4,000.
In Ohio —For securing the foundation of the
light-house on Turtle Island, in addition to $8,000
heretofore appropriated, the sum oí $7,000
In Louisiana —For a beacon-light at or near the
south-east pass of Vermilion Bay, in ^addition to
the sum of $5,000 heretoiore appropriated, the sum
of $10,000.
In Michigan —For a light-house at the mouth
of Kalamazoo river, in addition to the sum of
$5,000, heretofore appropriated the sum of $1,000
In Wisconsin Territory —For a light-house at
the momh of Milwaukie, m addition to $5,000,
heretofore appropriated, the sum of $1,000.
For a light-house at the mouth of Mamtonic
river, in addition to $5,000 heretofore appropriated,
the sum of $1,000.
For a light-house at Chippewayan, m addition to
$5,000 heretofore appropriated, the sum of $1,000
For a light-house at the mouth of Root river, in
addition to the sum of $5,000, heretofore appropri-
ated, the sum of $1,000
Mr. REED accepted this as a modification
The amendment was discussed by Mes«rs
REED, WHITTLESEY of Ohio, INGHAM, in
us support, and by Mr CAMBRELENG in oppo-
sition to it.
Ht. CUSHMAN then rose and said he hoped
the House would not adopt this amendment, and,
ih order to cut it off, he moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded by the House—ayes 72,
noes 57.
Mr GARLAND of Louisiana asked for the yeas
and nays on ordering the mam question, but they
were refused, and the main question was ordered,
and then put and agteed to without a division, so
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading to-day.
The bill having been engrossed in the interim,
was pat on its third reading
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana then moved to
recommit it to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with instructions to strike from
it all the clauses for additional clerk hire
Upon this question Mr G after some few re-
mark*, called lor the yeas and nays, but they were
not ordered
Mr CAMBRELENG gave a detailed statement
of the items, which he showed to be in consequence
of the necessity of carrying out laws passed by
Congress A law was passed, to execute which the
hettd of a department or bureau was compelled to
employ additional clerk hire, and it was bettei to
provide for this additional force temporarily, or as
long the duties under the law were necessary, than
to authorize the appointment oí permanent clerks,
who might have nothing to do when the law
«eased It was with this view that the Commitlee
of Ways and Means had reported these items, and
they had rigidly investigated sach case
Mr. GARLAND withdrew d. part of his instruc-
tions, but he still contended that the discretion as-
*.un ed by the Depaitraents in these extra appoint-
ments should be funhei restrained They should
no* be permitted to be the sole judges whether ad-
ditional clerks were necessary or not, and the ob-
ject of his motion was to restrain them from the ír-
lsponsible exercise of that power
Mr CONNOR then demanded the previous
question, which was seconded—ayes 69, noes 57,
and the mam question ordered, put, and agreed to
without a division.
So the bill was passed.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
Mr. GOODE, on leave, yesteiday presented a
petition from certain cituens in the vicinity of Sa-
'eui, m Montgomery countv, and Lewisburg, in
Preble county, Ohio, praying mat the superinten-
dent of the National road in Ohio may be authorised
to examine and resurvey that part of said road, so
as to run through Salem and Lewisburg, if it
pi oves to be a good location, and it is pracluable
without a material increase of distance, or any in-
crease oí expense
Mi Goode accompanied the petition with iht
following statement m substance That the object
of this petition was not to open the old question oí
change of the National road, but for the single pur-
pose of authorizing an examination ol the route
through Salem and Lewisburg, and for no other
purpose whatever, and that Ihe bill (should a bill
be íepirted) will be confined lo that object alone,
without permuting any other deviation from the
road as at present located, and if it cannot be passed
at the present session, so as to cause no delay, the
bill is to be withdrawn at the close of this session,
so a= not to retard the progress of the work.
IN SENATE,
Monday, Maich 2b, 1838.
Mr TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
«undry citizens of New Yoik, praying Congress to
pass a 1 iw to suppiess duelling laid on the table and
printed.
Mi BUCHANAN piesented the memorial of
121 citm-ns of the county of Lancaster, Pennsylva-
nia, praying Congress to pa«s a law prohibiting per-
son? who may heicafler be engaged in a duel, from
ho'ding c (Tico under the Gov crnment of the United
Slates laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
AKo, the memorial of sundry citi7cns of Phila-
dplplm, pravingfor the immediate abolition of sla-
very, and ihe slave tiaae, in those Territories of the
United Sutes in which it exists tne motion to re-
ceive this petition was laid on the table
Mr TALLMADGE presented the proceedings
of a meeting held in Rensselaer county, Npw York,
remonstrating against the Independent Treasury
and Bill, piaying for the establishment of a Na-
tional Bank  laid on the table
Mr KING piesented the memorials of Joshua
Kennedy, and of the heirs of Wm E. Kennedy,
praying confirmation of titles to tracts of land de-
med undei Spanish giants referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands
Mr CL\Y of Alabama, presented the petition of
a numbei ot the citizens of Gainesville, Sumpter
county, Alabama, praying the establishment of a
direct and continuous mail coach line from Tusca-
loosa,  hc seat of Government m Alabama, by way
of Gainesville, to Jackson, the seat of Government
in Missis> ppi, which was íeferred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr C. also, presented the memorial ot the Trus-
tees of the Im intoii Academy, Alabama, asking an
appropriation of land to aid that institution and the
cause of education referred to the Committee on the
Public Lmds
Mr BAYARD presented the proceedings and
resolutions of a town meeting held at Wilmington,
Delaware, against the Independent Treasury bill,
and in favor of a National Bank laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed
jMr SOUTHARD presented the petition of the
heirs of James Caldwell, chaplain m the army of
tne Revolution referred to the Committee on Re-
volutionaiy Claims.
Also, the petition of 130 citizens of Essex coun-
ty, New Jersey, opposed to the Independent Trea-
sury, and praying the establishment of a National
Bank: laid on the table.
Also, the memonal of the masteis m the navv
of the United States, praying for increase of pav-
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, the memorial of the hens at law of John
Law, praying for the confirmation of a claim to a
tract of land in Arkansas referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, the memorial of Nathaniel Amory, pray-
ing for confirmation oí his claims to a tract of
land- referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. SOUTHARD also presented the memorial
of John Ross and others, a delegation of the Che-
rokee tribe of Indians, praying Congres-, lo annul
the late Cherokee treaty, and aiter a debate, n
which Messrs SOUTHARD, LUMPKIN, CLAY
of Alabama, KING, and GRUNDY, took part,
CHEROKEE TREATY.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented a memonal, ad-
dressed to Congress, and signed by the deputation
of the Cherokee Indians now in Washington,
making representations and complaints m regard to
then situation under the late alleged treaty, and
praying Congress in some mode to mterfeie for their
relief
Also, a memonal against the enforcement of the
treaty, directly from the Cherokee nation, with the
signatures of 15,665 persons of that nation.
Mi. S. moved lhat these memorials be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. LUMPKIN said Mr. President, I mustex-
piess my deep regret at the introduction of this sub-
ject heie by the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Southard ] Even to entertain, and discuss this
subject here, at this time, is pregnant with much
mischief. But the subject being thus far forced
upon the attention of the Senate, I wish to give to
it that direction which will be productive of the least
mischief, which will be, to lay the whole subject
on the table, with an understanding that it will not
again be taken up by the Senate
It is proper, however, that, before I make this
motion, I should ask the ear of the Senate, while I
explain, in a brief manner, why the Senate should,
in a prompt and decisiv e manner, put to rest all
hopes and expectations of the Cherokee people,
that John Ross can effect the slightest change in the
determination of any branch of the Federal Govern-
ment, to execute the Cherokee treaty of 1835
Neither would 1 wish to make this motion to the
preclusion of other gentlemen who may desire to
say something on this subject.
Sir, this Cherokee treaty, which is the subject
matter of complaint with John Ro^s and his
friends, who are now m hearing of my voice, was
negotiated by a highly qualified and competent
delegation of the Cherokee people, in the latter
part of the yeai 1835. In the early part of the
year 1836, the treaty was'thoroughly discussed in
this Senate, and received its ratification m due
form. Moreover, the large appropriations neces-
sary to carry it into effect were discussed in both
branches of Congress, m the face of the opposition
of Mr Ross and his political friends, and received
the sanction of Congress. From that time, the
execution of the treaty commenced, and has pio-
gressed with as much success as could be expected,
under all the opposing circumstances. Mr Ross
and his associates have not been able to keep back
the intelligent portion of the Cherokee people from
acceding to the terms of the treaty, and becoming
recipients under its provisions Yes, sir, nine-
tenths of the intelligent Cherokees have emigrated
to the West under the provisions of this treaty, or
are preparing to go
Amongst the emigrants, you will find Andrew
Ross, the brothei of John, Thomas F. Taylor, the
son of Richard Taylor, who is now here as one of
John Ross's delegation, and John Gunter, the
brother of the Gunters who are now here aiding
John Ross in his projects of mischief. Yes, su,
the nearest and most of the connections of these
very men have not only yielded to this treaty, and
are now settled in the West, happy and contented,
but have corresponded with me, and assured me of
their satisfaction with their change of residence.
