Ü0NGRESSI03STAL GLOBE.
207
no good reason, therefor?, as it seemed to him, for
gentlemen who rere opposed to the principles of
this bill, being deterred from voting to lay it on the
table, and thus furnishing an indication to the coun-
try that the majority of that House, if such be
the fact, was opposed to the measure. And it
would furnish too this additional advantage
to thsm in presenting their proportions, viz. that as
long as the friends of the Sub-Treasury, or Inde-
pendent Treasury project, or what you please to
call ¡t, have ihe hope that they can carry their
measute, they will, of course, oppose any and
every substitute that can ba offered lor it, and any
and every modification that will attack the prin-
ciples of their measure. If, on the other
hand, it be the opinion of the majority
that ihe principles of thi* measure are not to be in-
corporated by their legislation, then gentlemen
will find the proposed disposition of it necessary
in taking the next best measure, if there be any
next best, lo accomplish the object they have in
vieiv, to attain the object of purifying and cor-
recting our currency, by the next best project, or
that which any gentleman might think best
With these views, Mr. P. said he moved to lay
the bill on the table
Mr. GLASCOCK; hoped the gentleman, who
had made a general speech, and gone somewhat
out of the rules, in his opinion, would withdraw
the motion to enable Mr. G. to make a few re-
marks in reply.
Mr PATfON would very cheerfully yield, if
he had discussed the principle  of the bill, but he
had not done so, and could not. therefore, withdraw
the motion.
Mr GLASCOCK. The gentleman had given
reasons why the bill should be laid on the table,
and Mr. G. appealed to his liberality to allow a re-
ply so far.    Mr G. would renew the motion.
Mr. PATTON would then withdraw it.
"Jr. GLASCOCK regretted exceedingly that this
mr (ion to lay en the table had been made at the
present time, and he regretted the more to see the
motion come from the quarter it did. The House
was well apprised ot the ¡situation which the
genileman fiom Virginia occupied at the pie-
sent time It is well known lhat that gen-
tleman had been provided for by his o« n State,
and it is a question whether, whenever any action
shall be had on this bill here, he wilt be represent-
ing the majority of his constituents, which an
election, ho vever, to fill his vacancy will test.
But 'ndependent of these considerations, it is well
known that at the present time one of the States of
this Union is unrepresented It is well known
that there are cattiw  districts in different States
unrepresented; «td it is equally well known
that at this present fame, there were a large num-
ber of the representatives of the people absent, from
the indisposition of their families and other causes,
absent and necessanly absent of this eity, and
from the House Ii we are to have this question
tested, and fairly tested, let us have it taken
when every member is m his seat Where
is the necessity of the motion which had
been made by the gentleman from Virginia at this
time? Has it been made because the gentleman
is himself about to take a farewell from us all, and
is it from such motives as these, that he now asks
us ¡o lake this question, when he well knows
there are many individuals friendly to this bill
not present to vote, and are patticularly anxious
to do so"! If the gentleman had exercised that cour-
tesy which is usual,on all great national questions, he
would have delayed his motion until every member
could be here in his place to represent his consti-
tuency. He asked the House, whether it was not
best to act on whatever bill the Committee of
Ways and Means may report, at a time
when there may be a full and fair attendance of
the representatives of the people present. He knew
not what effect this might have on the minds of
others, but he was prepared to say for himself, ihat
this movement, at the present crisis, was far from
being such a one as he had expected from the gen-
tleman from Virginia, for on all other occasions he
bad looked upon that gne tiernan as acting with can-
dor and fairness. At this very moment there are
some twenty or thirty members absent from their
seats—ib fact, it had been suggested by some gen-
tlemen near him, that there were at least forty who
were absent. No such proposition as this had been
anticipated by those gentlemen, and it is a question
on which it is expected by the whole country, that
every member should be present to give his
vote. He would ask the gentleman then,
whether in order, that absent members might
be present, and to have a full vote of the House
on the question, he would not consent to withdraw
his motion, and permit the bill to go to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and be reported upon
by that Committee, in order that some measure
might be brought before the House, m order that
the people oí the country might see whether
a majority of the House were not opposed to the
principle contained m the bill- namely, the divorce
of the Government and banks. He knew there
were some who were m favor of the principle of
this measure, but who differed as to details, and all
he asked was, that the country might be properly
informed, whether there wa«, or was not, a majority
m favor of the principle which he had referred to.
On this subject, he must avail himself of the pri-
vilege he now had of showing the impression at-
tempted to be made on the people ot the "Old Do-
minion " A report had gone forth, stating that
there were some fifteen or twenty of a majontv in
this House opposed to the divorce Then,
sir, if the gentleman from Virginia intend; 
that the people of his State shall be fairly
informed on this important subject, let the
question he brought up fairly, and let us hive such
a vote as will truly test the principle Do this, and
he [ Vtr. G J had nothing to fear, and so far as -t
was concerne.!, he hesitated not in giving it as his
decided opinion that there was a majority in favor
of a divorce of Government and banks, notwith-
standing all th.it had been said in certain paper-, to
the contrarv
Mr. MERCER rose to order He wished to
know whether the remarks 0f the gentleman were
pertinent to the question under consideration
The CHAIR was of opinion ihat the gentleman
from Georgia, as well as the gentleman fmm Vir
gima, [Mi Pítton,] had not confined themselves
strictly to tlip question pending.
Mr.GLASCOCK, in conclusion, would only say
he regretted ihat this motion has been mide, a* it
was an fvidence of unfairness which he little ex-
pected from the gentleman from Virginia. He
should lenew the motion, as lie had pledged him-
self to do it, but he did it with the greatest reluc-
tance, because whatever vote was now taken could
ni t be considered a fair test of the question He
looked upon the motion as an act of llliberality
towardb the absent members, and as an act of
injustice to the States and districts which were
now unrepresented, and from causes well known
to all.
Mr G then renewed the motion to lay on the
table
Mr PATTON hoped the gentleman would with-
draw this motion, so that his remarks might be
answered.
Mr. GLASCOCK said h« would not do this, un-
less the gentleman from Virginia and others agreed
to have it withdrawn for a general discussion of
the subject
Mr CUSHMAN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. FILLMORE moved a call of the House;
which was ordered.
The call was then proceeded m for some time,
when
Mr. CUSHMAN moved that it be further dis-
pensed with.
Mr. PATTON hoped not, after what the member
from Georgia had insinuated. The insinuation
made by that gentleman that Mr. P. made the mo-
tion to lay this, bill on the table, more with re-
ference to the absence of the friends of the
measure than otherwise, was wholly unfound-
ed. Mr. P. had not the slightest knowledge
of the subject, nor had he ever taken tha
least pains to ascertain who were absent or
who were present. He hoped, therefore, the Hou«e
would suffer the call to go on, that it might then
be seen who were absent and who present.   So far
as he was concerned, he would say that if there
were any just grounds that any vote in this form,
and at this time would do injustice, or be acting
unfairly, he would unquestionably, at once, desire
the motion to lay the bill on the table, withdrawn.
Mr. DUNCAN here raised the point of order,
that the question was not debateable; for, if it was,
he might be disposed to reply.
The CHAIR said debate was not in order.
Mr. PICKENS was in favo  of the motion of
the gentleman from New Hampshire, but he rose
mostly to protest against the construction given by
the gentleman from Virginia that this would ba a
test vote.    It would not be so.
The CHAIR here arrested further discussion.
Mr. GRENNELL then asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the call, which were
ordered, and were—yeas 92, nays 94
So the call proceeded farther, and excuses having
been rendered (or several absentees, it was dis-
pensed with, on motion of Mr. HARLAN.
The CHAIR then propounded the question to
lay the bill on the taole, when
Mr. LEGARE expressed a hope that the motion
would be withdrawn
The question was then taken, and the vote re-
sulted in—yeas 106, nays 98, (38 members being
absent, ihe House, with the Speaker, consisting of
242,) as follows:
YEAS—Misers Adame, Vlexander, Heman Allen, John W
Allen, Aycngg Bell, Bidille, Bond, William B Calhoun,
ImnCalhoon William B Campbell, Carter, Chambers, Cheat
bam Ctnkls, Clatk, Coiwm,Oran8 on, Crockett, Curtl-<, Cush
ins, D irlmgton Deberry, Dennis Dunn, E\ans, Everett, Ew n£,
Richard Fletcher, Fillmore, James Garland, Rife Garland,
Goode lames Graham, William Graham, Graves, Gray, Gren
w 11 ífall H ihtead, H irían fUiper Htstings, Hawes Henry,
Herod Huffman Hopkins Henry J hnson, W Cost Johnson,
Kitg>re Ltwter Lincoln, Lyon, MUlory, Marvin, S Mason,
Waury May, Maxwult, McKennan, Menefee, Mercer, Milh
gan Mitchell Mu bias Morris, Calvary Morris, Naytor Noyes,
Ogle Patterson Panon, Peck Phillips, Pope Randen, Ran-
dolph, Reed, Rulgway, Russell, Sawyer, Serffeant, Augustine
H shipper 1, Chi tes shepard, Shields Sibley, Sladc rtmlih,
-southeate stanly Meuirt, Stone, Stratton, Taliaferro Thomp
son Tillinsjh ist Toland, Underwood, Albert S White, John
White, Elisua Whittlesey, Lewis WiJlHms bl er od Willian f,
Christopher ft   Williams, Wise, and Yorke—106
N\YS—Mtssis Anduson, Andrews \ henon, Beatty,
Beirne, Bicknell Ilir Istll, Boon, Bro'head, Bronson, Biuyn,
¡tvmim CaiTpir long, John Campbell, Casey, Clevehwd,
C own^y, (oles Connor, Craig Cruy Cushman, Dawson,
DeGraff, Dromsroole, Duncan Elmore, Farnngion, FurfieW,
t wtei, G illup tdasc)ck, Granüand, Grart. Griffin, Haley,
Hammord, Harmr Harrison Hawkins Ha} nes, Holsey, How
rd, Flubky, Robeit M T Huntei tnsham, Thomas B Jack
sm Jiseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Geo I* Keim, Kemble,
Ltglie, I calbeuer Lewis Lo^an, James M Mason Marin,
M.Kiy Robert McClilhn Abiahim McClellsn McCIure,
Miller Montgomery, Moore, Morgan Samuel W Morris,
Muiia} Ptlmer, I'drkeijPrtYitter Pennybacker, Phelps Pick
ens Plurmi pjtfcr, Pratt, Prentiss Rhett, Richdidson, Rives,
Rnber son ShefTer, Sheploi Snyder, Spencei, Taylor Tho
mas Titus Toucpv Turney, Vail Vandeiveer, Wtgener,
Webster, Thomas T Whittlesey, Jared W Williams, Wor
thinston, and \ ell—9S
So the Semte bill was 1 ad on the table.
Mr GRAY then rose and remarked that he had
voted m the affirmative upon the question of lay-
ing the bill upon fh* table, for the purpose of avail-
ing himself of the right to move a reconsideration
of the question—a ntdit afforded under the rules of
the House only to thuse who vote with the prevatl-
i ig piny He gave notice that he should move
for íeconsideralion to-morro v
Several other bills from the Senate vrere then
read twice, and appropriate r"ferred.
The bill foi the re leí of Samuel Milligan was
lead a third time, and passed
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
resolved itself into Committee of th* Whole on the
state of the Union, (Ur DROOMGOOLE in the
chair,) and took up and considered the bill directing
the transfer of pension balances into the Treasury.
ARMY BILL.
The committee then took up the "bill making
appropriations for the support of the army for the
year 1838 "
Mr. EVERETT moved to strike from the clause
"for subsistence, exclusive of that of officers,
$1.040,797, including the sum of $390,885, for the
subsistence of the volunteers and militia called out
for preventing or suppressing Indian hostilities,"
the latter sum, and to reduce the former sura to
$733,800-
After a few remarks by Messrs BELL, CAM-
BRELENG, UNDERWOOD, EVERETT, Mc-
KAY, and MERCER,
