 :
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL wished to know, under the present
circumstances of the county, whether the appro-
priations for1 the national armories might be dis-
pensed" with, as well as some other similar items.
Mr: CAMBRELENG explained that he had
made-' inquiry of the proper departments, and the
answer he had received from them, were of a
character which would not authorize him as a mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means to
strike ¡tout. The Committee of the Whole, how-
ever, might do as it pleased, in relation to this
matter, because he himself was of opinion that
that some of those appropriations might be reduced
somewhat.
After a few remarks by Messrs. MERCER and
CAMBRELENG,
Mr. BELL moved to strike out the appropria-
tion of $360,000 for national armories, and insert
in lieu thereof $100,000.
McKAY hoped this motion would not prevail,
because if the appropriation was not expended in
the csurse of the year, it would not be lost. He
did not consider that there was sufficient informa-
tion in the possession of the House to justify this
motion, and therefore trusted it would not prevail.
Mr. BELL said he had made this motion be-
cause of the present condition of the country. It
seemed to him that it was entirely improper lhat the
Government ought to be borrowing money to carry
on such extensive operations as seemed to be con-
templated by this appropriation.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Noith Carolina, inquired of
the chairman of the Military Committee what the
amount of arms proposed to be manufactured in the
course of the next year.
Mr. McKAY was unable to say, because he had
not the information at hand. The Military Com-
mittee, however, intended to examine into the mat-
ter; and when they did so, they would report to the
House. It was well known, however, that the
country was very deficient m arms.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Worth Carolina was en-
tirely opposed to making these appropriations as
large, when the Treasury was bankrupt, as we
had been in the habit of making heretofore.
Mr. HAYNES said he should hardly have risen
at present, if it had not been for the. remarks of
the gentleman from North Carolina, FMr. Wil-
liams] about a "bankrupt Treasury." We had
heard the cry of "bankrupt Treasury" so often re-
peated, upon so many occasions, that he would
take leave to remind that gentleman, the House,
and the country, of its immediate and efficient
cause, without adverting to others associated with
it, by which the Treasury had been brought to its
present condition. That cause was the deposite of
twenty-eight millions of the public revenue with
the Stales. If that sum had not been diverted from
the purposes for which it was intended, we should
not have heard of a "bankrupt Treasury."
As he was up, he would say a word upon the
amendment proposed by the honorable gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell.] That gentleman pro-
poses to reduce the appropriation of three hundred
and sixty thousand dollars asked for, for the na-
tional armories, to one hundred thousand dolíais,
without giving us any data by which his mind has
been governed, or which shall guide and direct the
conclusion of ours. He was as ready as any mem-
ber of this committee to go for every measure cal-
culated to ensure as economical administration,
and as strict accountability in the expenditure of
the public money, as any member of the House.
All that was necessary was to convince him, by
fact and argument, that any appropriation asked for
was extravagant, to induce him to vote for its re-
duction. But the gentleman from Tennessee,
without any such showing, has asked us to cut
down theappiopriation for our armories from three
hundred and sixty to one hundred thousand dollars.
So far as he was informed, the sum required for
the present year did not exceed that which had
usually been appropriated for the same mirpose in
former years. If gentlemen would look to the an-
nual. Treasury report of last December, they would
discover that in three quarters of 1837, more than
three hundred and thirty thousand dollars had been
expended in this branch of trie public service in
CONGRESSIONAL GlMÉ.
.three quarters of the year, leaving less than thirty
thousand for the remaining quarter. If the appro-
priation of former years, when no extraordinary
necessity existed, had averaged about the sum now
asked for, surely the necessity was not lessened,
when we had some eight or ten thousand men in
the field, and the wear and tear of military
munitions must be so much increased. The
importance of the national armories to the de-
fence of the country should make us pause be-
fore we consent to reduce the appropriation neces-
sary to continue their operations, upon mere con-
jecture, and without any data whatever. If we
scatter and disperse the skilful artificers who have
been collected at those establishments, where shall
we be able to find them in the time of emergency
to which all nations are liable? It was worth while
to remember that there were many laborers in
those establishments, whose families were depend-
ant upon their employment in them for their
bread. He would not, he could not, on the single
ground of humanity to persons thus situated, con-
sent, without any evidence whatever, so to reduce
the appropriation as to throw them upon the
charity of the world.
Mr. HOWARD was opposed to the reduction of
this appropriation, because if it was reduced it
would compel the superintendents to discharge
their workmen, and afterwards it would be very
disadvantageous to commence the works again
when they were out of order, and when, perhaps,
good workmen could not be found.
Mr. HOLSEY must oppose this amendment, un-
less the gentleman from Tennessee could demon-
strate that we had more arms than were necessary
fur all contingencies.
Mr. CALHOUN was opposed to the amend-
ment, because, if it was agreed to, it would be im-
possible for either of them to carry on their opera-
tions. He hesitated not to say that these esta-
blishments were conducted with the greatest skill;
and if this skill was dispersed through the coun-
try, it was almost impossible to collect it again.
He looked upon the policy proposed here by the
gentlpman from Tennessee a most suicidal policy.
Mr. BELL then withdrew his amendment.
On motion of Mr. SAWYER, the committee
then rose and reported the bill to transfer the
balances of the Pension fund, when this bill, hav-
ing first been ordered to be engrossed, was read a
third time and passed.
On motion
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 27, 1838.
Mr. KING presented the petition of Joshua Ken-
nedy, asking confirmation to the grant of a certain
tract of land in Alabama: referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he presented,
soKie time ago, a memorial from certain citizens of
Hampshire county, Virginia, in relation to the
exaction of specie at the post office, and complain-
ing that while Stockton and Stokes were demanding
it from the postmasters in payment, that one of the
contractors was deluging the country with shin-
plasters. Mr. C. said that these people had heard
that it was denied that such issues were made, and
had, consequently, enclosed him one of the notes,
with a request that it be referred to the same com-
mittee to which the petition was referred; and he
made that motion in accordance with their request.
Mr. KING expressed his surprise that the Sena-
tor from Kentucky should move the reference of a
shin-plaster to a committee. Ha might have handed
it over without troubling the Senate with a formal
presentment of such a trifling matter.
Mr. CLAY said he was sorry that he could not
gratify the Senator; that the note had been sent as a
voucher, and the letter containing it came in due
course of mail, requesting that it should be so dis-
posed of; and he would therefore ask that it be
referred.
Mr. GRUNDY desired that the note might be
read.
The Secretary having read the note, found it
signed by "Lucius W. Stockton," for 25 cents, and
payable for stage fare at Union, and other places,
l   -   ^     -i       ■       |                                 ii-nnil Ti" 11 "'    flir'Yi    "l"il      "'i'   i                    T
Mr. BUCHANAN said the firm of Stockton and
Stokes should not have been blamed for denying
that they had issued what they really had not.
This was quite another affair.
The "note" was referred to the Committee ott
Finance, the same to which the previous petition,
had been referred.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from sundry
citizens x>[ Boone county, Illinois, praying the esta-
blishment of a land office in that county: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
By Mr. WHITE: a communication from the
Secretary of War, on the subject of Indian annui-
ties: referred, and ordered to be printed.
By Mr. RUGGLES: from Thomas A, Smalley
and others, praying the construction of a light-
house: referred.
By Mr. MOUTON: from an individual, asking
a pre-emption right: referred.
By Mr. CRITTENDEN: from one of the heirs
of Col. Armstrong: referred.
REPORTS OP COMMITTEES.
By Mr. ROANE, from the Committee on Dis-
trict of Columbia, to extend the jurisdiction of
Washington city over the Potomac bridge, and to
authorize the sale of certain lots in that city: read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, moved to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Hannah Smith;
also, from the petition of Fergus S. Morrison;
which was concurred in.
Mr. MORRIS,|from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill for the relief of Dennis Trammel.
Also, for the relief of Margaret Wall.
Also, for the relief of Wm. Berry.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on Claims,
to which had been referred the bill from the House
for the relief of Richard Frisby, rep orted the same
without amendment.
Also, from the same committee, an unfavorable
report onthe petition of Clement S. Lucas.
The bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the United States for 1838,
was received from the House, read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MERRICK presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Maryland, in favor of a survey of An-
napolis harbor and Severn river: laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. ROANE, a.nd after a conver-
sation by Messrs. ROANE, KING, CLAY of.Ken-
tuck, HUBBARD, RIVES, and CRITTENDEN,
a message was sent to the House asking the return
of certain papers relating to a claim for interest on
arrears of a pension to aft individual (unheard) in
Virginia, which claim had been rejected by the Se-
nate. The recall of the papers was made with a
view to a farther hearing on the'case.
The bill from the House authorizing the con-
struction of the Cumberland road through Salem
and Lewisburg, Ohio, was twice read, and referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
The CHAIR presented a communication from
the Treasury Department, with a supplement of
the annual report of the Commissioner of the Ge-
neral Land Office, in relation to surveys and reser-
vations of ¡and: referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
The following bills were read a third time, and
passed:-
The bill to authorize  the co. rection  of certain
errors in the payment of French indemnities;
The bill for the relief of John H. Jacocks; and
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of George Duvall, and others.
The resolution offered yesterday byMr. Mer-
rick, in relation to the survey of the Tangier
sound, was called up, and, after being so amended
as to read—
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause Tangier Sound and the har-
bor of Annapolis to be surveyed, was adopted:
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, the Senate took up
the bill for the continuation of the Cumberland road
through Ohio, Indiana, and'Minois.
The subject of this bill was discussed by Messrs.
.'   NORVELL, TIPTON, STRANGE, CALHOUN,
