Ú1Q
Coles, Connor, Craig, Crary, Cusliman, Dawson, Drorogoole,
Elmore, Famngton, Fairfield, Foster, Gallup, James Garland
Rice Garland, íílascoek, Grantland, Grant, Oray, Griffin,
Haley, Hamw, Hammond, Harrison, Hawkins, Haynes, Hoi
sey, Hopkins, Howard, Hubley, Ingham, Thomas B Jackson,
J Jackson, H Johnson, J Johnson, N Jones, Kemble, Keim,
kawler, Legate, keadbetter, Le*ia, Logan, Lyon, James M
Mason, Martin, McKay, Robert McClellan, Abraham McOlcl
tan, McClUre, Mdler, Montgomery, Morgan, Samuel W Moms
Mutray, Falmi-r, Parker, fattop, raynter, Fennybacker,
Phelps, Pickens, Plumer, Pratt, Prentiss, Rhett, Richardson,
Rives, Sheffer, Charles Shepard, Shields, Sheplor, Snyder,
Steuart, Stone, Taylor, Thomas, Thompson, Titus, Turney,
Vail, Wagener, Webster, Sherrod Williams, Jaied W Wil
Iráms-, ChriBtopher H Williams, and Ydl—102
NAYS—Messrs Adams, \le\ander, Hernán Alkn, Aycnge,
Bell, Bond, William 11 Calhoun, John Calhoon, William B
Carter, Cheatham Ohilds Coiwm, Cianston, Crockut Cuitw,
Darlington, Deben y Dunn, tians, Eveiett Richard 1; Ietcher,
Fillmcre, Goodc, William Graham, Giaves, Hall, Halstead,
Harlan, Harper, Hastings, Heni>, Robert. M T Hunter,
Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Samson Mason, Maup, Maxwell,
McKennan, Ménefee, Mercei, Milligon, Mitchell, Mathias Mor
Us, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Noyes, Ogle, Patterson, Peck,
Phillips, Pope, Randolph, Reed, Ridgwav, Robertson, Rum
sey, Russell, Sawyer, Sergeant, Sibley, Slade, Sotithgatt,
Stanley, Stratton, Taliaferro, Tillmehast, Toland, Underwood,
Albert S White John White, Ehsha Whittlesey, Lewis Wil
liams, Wise, and Yoi ko ~75
The motion to lay it upon the table was then
agreed to without a division.
AllMY BILL
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
went into a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, Mr. DROMGOOLE in the Chair, and
took up the " bill making appropnations for the
support of the army for the yeai 1838 "
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to strike out the
Item of $258,273 for arsenaU, and insert the sum
of |232,000 foi the same purpose.
Mr. BELL thought this appropriation, consider-
ing the present state of the country, might be much
more reduced. He then went into some statistics
in relation to this appropriation, and concluded by
movins: to amend the amendment to $100,000.
Mr YELL inquired whethei this appropriation
was intended to  be  applied to all the public ai-
BeBals, or whether it was only intended lor a pai
ticular class of these establishments.
Mr CAMBRELENG replied, that it was in-
tended for the whole of them, there being sixteen
of these establishments in the United States , and
Sent a document to the table, showing the appro-
priations which would be necessary ioi carrying
on these arsenals for the next year, which v. as read
by the clerk.
Mr. YELL should like, before a vote was taken,
to look into the condition of some oí üw e esta-
blishments If the gentleman would so modily
Sits motion, as not to make any reduction in those
establishments which provided protection foi the
western frontier, he would not oppose it, but he
could not consent, while the policy of the Govern-
ment iq removing the Indians upon then borders
placed them m a perilous situation, to have the
appropriations taken away from them which were
to provide them a means of defence.
Mr. BELL thought the Sesretary of Wai would
exercise a proper discretion on this subject He
himself thought the arsenal m Arkansas ought to
be kept up, but the appiopnation for others might
be dispensed With He then modified his motion
so as to make the appiopnation f*150,000.
«.vir. YELL did not desire to have either the Se-
cretary of War oi the President to exercise a discre-
tion on this subject. They were in need of the
means of defence, and he trusted no discretion might
be nested any where, which might deprive them of
these means, by any considerations oí policy or ex-
pediency
Mr. CAMBRELENG accepted this as a modifi-
cation of his motion, because he believed the esti-
mates of the department had provided for many
new works which he thought might be dispensed
■with for the present.
Mr. POPE disagreed from this opinion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
He thought the estimates ought to be adhered to
Mr. McKAY concurred with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means on this subject.
He believed the appropriations for these new works
migM be dispensed with advantageously, consider-
ing the present embarrassed condition of the Trea-
sury, and he hoped the motion to reduce this ap-
propriation to one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars might prevail
Mi. MASON of Ohio apprehended the ¡rue and
congressional atom.
fair statement of the question to be one of post-
ponement of some of the less needful objects; and,
m the present condition of the Treasury, many of
them might b« postponed without its being inter-
preted as an indication of the sense of the House
against their construction at some time or other.
In íeference to the appropriations, Mr. M. avowed
himself disposed to vote as much as would keep
the objects from suffering, though he was not in-
clined to go for new works.
Mr YELL moved an amendment to the amend-
ment, that $100,006 of the f 150,000, or so much
thereof as may suffice, to complete the arsenals
already commenced, and those on the Western
frontier He moved this because he conceived the
whole Western frontier should be put in a state of
defence, and he Wished the Executive required to
carry the former laws on this subject into effect,
\ihich had not as yet been done, for the sites, as
yet, m two years, had only been purchased and
marked out.
Mr. MERCER expressed himself m favoi of the
amendment, and complained of the large expendi-
tures for the construction of arsenals, $14,000 being
contemplated, whereas less than half the money
was sufficient; and yet still larger sums wtre called
for, and forty acres of land purchased at Little
Rock. All that was necessary was a single shed,
strongly built, and piotected from the weather, con-
sisting of one or two rooms, with the occasional at-
tendance of a man to look after the arms He was
opposed to any increase of the sums proposed in
the law of 183(1, viz' $14,000 for each.
Mr McKAY referred to the estimates and state-
ments of the Head of the Oidnance Department,
showing ihat, in addition to the $14,000, owing to
the high price of materials and labor, $10,000 more
would be wanted to complete the arsenal at Liber-
ty, Missouri, $12,000 at Little Rock, and $30,000
at Memphis, Tennessee, and if the amendment of
the gentleman from Tennessee was intended to re-
strict the cost of those works to the limit of the law
of '36, they could not be constructed In reply to
Mi Yell, Mr MeK said the delay complained
of had arisen from the fact that the money appro-
pi lated was insufficient, and the Secretary of War
could not go on to complete the works till Congress
sanctioned a larger sum than originally proposed
Mr YELL cjmpiamed that the wuole of the
rirst appropriation had been withheld till Congiess
had made an additional one. The Executive should
have gone on to use what money there was, and
not wait till a larger appropriation was made. He
said, that if effective measures were not taken,
and that speedily, to protect the Western frontier,
in less than thiee years half the scalps of his con-
stituents would be lying on the coals, from the
General Government sending such large bodies
of Indians there If the Government would
not protect Arkansas, give the people arms, and
they would, and they were well able, protect them-
selves. The Creeks and the Seminóles had been
sent theie in chains, as they would never forget
their degradation. The Cherokees were about to
be sent there also, and his solemn conviction was,
that, m les than two years, there would be a ge-
neral war on that frontier.
Mr. McKAY had not justified the Executive in
delaying the execution of the law with a view to
get a larger appropriation. So far from it, he held
that the Executive was bound to execute the law
when it was practicable, but when only a third of
the amount >vas sufficient, would it not be better to
postpone making contracts, preparing materials,
&C.1 because its size and extent could only be as-
certained from the maximum of the sum to be ex-
pended.
Mi. YELL'S amendment was then agreed to
Mr. MERCER moved a further amendment
add the words, " accordmg to the provisions of the
existing law."
Mr. YELL inquired the object of this amend-
ment.
Mr. MERCER replied that it was to meet the
argument of the gentleman from North Carolina,
and to save a prodigal expenditure, or mote than
authorized by th« exsstmg Jaw.
Mr YELL What, to limit the cost o{ the arse-
nal at Little Rock to §34,000?
Mr. MERCER.   Certatniy\
Mr. YELL. That will never do, for the woilt
cannot be constructed for the money.
Mr. MERCER was convinced that #10,090
was sufficient to build an arsenal capable of con-
taining a hundred thousand stand of arms; most
probably for about half the money. The sum ap-
propriated was abundantly sufficient, and he could
not conset to sanction a violation of the existing
law. He concurred with the gentleman m what he
said about the necessary defence of the western
frontier, rendered defenceless by the miserable po*
hey of the Government in regard to the Indians*
Mr. YELL contended that $14,000 was insuffi-
cient, for a large supply of arms, and a magazine,
were necessary at Little Rock, a point as import-
ant, at least, as that at St. Louis, which had cost
$300,000. There must be quarters for two com-
panies at least, officers, workmem, &c and $14,000
would not begin to do it. If economy was intended,
he would go with the gentleman, and knock off one-
third, for his people would stand it, but then let
them go through the whole bill, and cut down all
other items in the same proportio i. Make a gene-
ral leduction of one-third, and he would be con-
tent to suffer with the rest; but the effect of the
gentleman's amendment would be ta cut down the
three most important arsenals in the whole wes-
tern country.
Mr. POPE believed the gentleman from Virgi-
nia was mistaken that an ar enal could be con-
structed at Little Ruck for $10,000, though he re-
garded the cost of the ground, forty acres, at a hun-
dred dollars an acre, as extravagant. He ex-
pressed his admiration at the spirit displayed by the
gentleman from Arkansas in calling the Executive
to account, but he did not apprehend the dangers
spoken of, from the Indians on the Arkansas fron-
tier, for the reason that the head-men of the Choc-
taws and Cherokees were men of large property,
holding slaves, and cultivating the soil, whose in-
terest it would be to repress their people. He was
I opposed to Mr Mercer's amendment, and thought
I it better for Mr. Yew, not to have moved the one
he did.
Mr. McKAY remarked thatthe proposed amend-
ment was inconsistent with the one adopted, which
embraced $100,000, or so much of that sum as
might be necessary, to complete these arsenals; but
if the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia
was adopted, no more could be expended than was
appropriated in the act of '36. Where, then, was
the use of Mr. Yell's amendment1! Mr. McK.
stated further, that the gentleman from Arkansas
was mistaken in supposing that it would be neces-
sary to have two companies of troops at the
arsenal.
Mr. MERCER denied there was any inconsis-
tency m the two amendments. His amendment
was intended to exclude the idea that $30,000 more
should be expended for this work than was autho-
rized by the existing law; but if it was excluded,
it would be received as an indication that the
House was willing to expend a larger sum. He
believed the remaining balance of $10,000 was
amply sufficient to construct the work, but, if not,
let a separate bill be brought m for the purpose.
Moreover, Mr. M. insisted that the appropriation
itself was out of order, and could only be made by
a special bill.
After some further remarks by Messrs. HOL-
SEY and JOHNSON of Louisiana against the
amendment, it was disagreed to, and the original
amendment was agreed to.
The other clauses of the bill were then agreed to.
Mr. BELL then moved an additional elause for
drafts lying over and unprovided for, for arrearages
on account of the Florida war, $55.3,415.
Mr CAMBRELENG objected to the amend-
ment, because the item was embraced in another
bill. Moreover, these heads of expenditure should
be kept separate, and not an appropriation for the
Florida war bs included in the army bill.
Mr EVERETT objected to the Seminole appro-
priation being divided.
Mr BELL replied that the rule under which the
gentleman from New York objected to this item,
applied only to a whole bill, and not to a single,
substantive proposition out of another bill    Nor
