CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________________________^1
was there any thing in the argument that these bills
should be kept separate to ascertain the precise ex-
penditure for the Flsrida war, because there are in
this bill already from three to five hundred thou-
sand dollars, ihough indirectly, viz: in increased
clothing, subsistence, etc. Again, he was desirous
of paying the arrearages at once, so that the discus-
sion on the other bill might not be hurried, on the i
ground of existing claims or arrearages.
Mr. CAMBREL ENG confessed that he was
somewhat surprised at the anxiety manifested by
She gentleman to pay the Governments protested
drafts; but if he would make his amendment effect-
íve, he should propose to appropriate, at once,
#3,000,000. Why, did not the gentleman know
that the Florida campaign was now drawing to Us
close1 And did he noi know that the great mass of
this crpen^e was. already íncum u' 1 hree months
pay was already due for the present year. Mr. C
was willing that a full debate, should be had up n
the Florida war, and it was for that very reason he
des-ired to keep the bills separate, but if gentlemen
continued to keep up Ions di cushions apon small
item*, there would be no opportunity oí reading
¡mponant measures.
Mr DOWNING suggested an amendment, so
as to cover the whole of the unpaid anearages and
just claims against the Government, oil account of
the Florida war, np to this time
Mr. BELL    That was my intention.
Mr. DOWNING. Then $500,000 would not
meet it, nor, he believed, two million"!.
Mr. EVERETT persisted in his objection to this
amendment, but pieferred having two bills brought
into the House, one to embrace the arrearages, and
the other to provide for the future expenses of the
war.
Without taking the question, on motion of Mr.
MALLORY, the committee rose and reported, and
then, on mot on,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, March 28, 1838
The CHAIR announced a communication Irom
the Treasury Department, transmitting, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, a siatement ot
the amount of custom-house bonds, collected and
paid annually from the 1st October, 1827, to 1st
September, 1837- laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial
ftf a large number of citizens of Lancaster county,
Pennsylvania, praying Congress to pass a law pro-
hibiting any person from holding office under the
Government, who has been engaged in a duel, laid
on the table.
Mr. B also presented a petitition from a num-
ber of citizens of Philadelphia,  asking Congiess to
establish a dry dock at tne navy yard at that place
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs-.
Mr. MORRIS presented a petition from a num-
ber of citizens of Philadelphia, and one trom sun-
dry citizen., of Starke county, Ohio, praying Con-
gress to abolish slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia
Mr DAVTS presented a petition from sunrliy
citizens of Massachusetts on the same subject The
motions to receive the above petitions were seve-
rally laid on the table.
Mr MORRIS presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Philadelphia, against the admission of
any State info the Union, whose constitution tole-
rates slavery laid on the table.
Mr ALLEN presented the memorial of a large
number of citizens of Cleveland, Cuyahoga county,
Ohio, in relation to the late outrage committed on
the territory and jurisdiction of the United States,
by the invasion and burning of the steamboat
Caroline at Schlosser. The memorial prays Con-
gress to take such measures in relation to the out-
rage as the dignity, honor, and safety of the coun-
try required. Mr. A. moved to refer the memo-
rial to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCHANAN had no objection to the refe-
rence of the memorial to the Committee on Foreign
Relations; but he wished first to say one word, lest
some misapprehension  n the subject should pre-
vail in the country,   We know, lie said, that the
subject of this outrage is m a course of negotiation
between the British Government and ours. He
hoped and believed that that Government would do
us justice, but it would be obvious, that whilst the
negotiation was pending, it would not be proper for
the committee to make any report It the time
should come—and he trusted that it never would—
when it would be necessary foi the committee to
act, there was no doubt but they would do their
duty.
Mr. ALLEN said he had as much confidence in
the patriotism of the committee as any one; and it
was, therefore, that he desired the memoria: to take
the same course that had been given to one for-
merly presented by mm on the same subject. He
did not believe ihat the reference of the memorial
would interfere with the negotiations going on be-
tween this and the offending Government, aBd he
had barely, in obedience io the wi«hes of the cit>-
z ns of one of the largest and most important cmes
ot the West siiuated m the vie ni y of the terr.to-
nes of that Government wmen hid committed the
outrage, presented their vi< ws to the Senate. He
had no doubt but the committee would exercise
that wise and patriotic course which was consistent
wiih them
Mr. BUCHANAN did not at all suppose that
there « as any impropriety in thu large and respec-
table meeting presenting a petition on a subject so
mieresting to them His remarks were oi.ly in-
tended as an apology for the committee, m not
making a report on the subject.
The memorial was then referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr ROBINSON, the Committee
on the Post Ofliie and Post Roads was discharged
fiom the further consideration of the petition ol R
C  Hardesty
Mr ROBINSON, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of the heirs of James Latham, deceased,
which was read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr ALLEN, ftom the Committee on Military
Affdiis, to which had been referred three memorials
from the citizens of Easton, Pennsylvania, and
Richmond, Virginia, on the subject of a national
foundry, moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideratien thereof, the commit-
tee having reported a bill on the subject, leaving
the selection ol the site to the President. The mo-
tion was agreed to
Mr ALLEN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, offered the following joint resolution
RESOLUTION to authorize the purchase of an
island in the river Delaware, called  the Pea
Patch.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of the United States of ¿linenca mi Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of Wai be, and he
heieby is, authorized to purchase of the lawful
ownei thereof, a certain island in the river Dela-
ware, commonly called the Pea Patch, and that he
report to Congress the contract which he may
make, to be subject to their future action.
DELEG VTE FOR THE DISTRICT.
Mr. NORVELLrose andiemarked, that he had,
some weeks ago, introduced a resolution inquiring
into the expediency of authorizing the people of the
District of Columbia to elect a delegate to the
House of Rrepresentatives. It was not his pur-
pose to entei, at this time, upon the discussion of
the subject, but to take up the resolution for re-
feienc . He had examined the Constitution, and
all the other writings which he could lay his hands
on, having a bearing upon the proposition. From
these he could perceive no difficulty mcarrying it into
effect. A delegate, to represent the people of this
District in Congress, would relieve the members of
both Houses from much labor and examination,
which they had very little leisure, from their own
local and the national affairs, to bestow upon the
peculiar interests of the District; and the measure
would insure a more vigilant and just attention te
those interests. He therefore moved to take up
the resolution for consideration and reference.
Mi. ROANE inquired whether there was any
petition or memorial on the subject from the people
of the District, and, if not, m what manner the
committee was to form an opinion as to their
wishes  It did seem to him that it was time enough
for Congress to act when requested to do so by those
most immediately interested.
Mr. GRUNDY thought that the Senate ought
not to move in this subject m any way, and that,
as a matter of delicacy, the proposition should first
come fi om the House of Representatives. The Se-
nate, which had nothing to do with delegates, ought
not to attempt to force a delegate on the other
body, without consulting them.
Mr NORVELL said, that if the people of the
District had not petitioned Congress for a delegate,
it was probably because they supposed that their
petitions would receive very little attention. The
subject had, on various occasions, been agitated
among them ; and he believed that they generally
desired the adoption ot the measure. It it were
one proper and just in itself, as he thought it was,
he could not perceive the necessity ol waiting for
the presen'ation o! petitions from the people of the
Distuct, who, at present, enjoyed neither represen-
tation nor anj other political rights With regard
to the only objection to the resolution, mged by
the Sena'or from Tennessee, hat the measure
ou ht to originate in the oiher house, as the dele-
gate was proposed for that house, he remarked, in
justification of himself, that 'n a conversation with
ihe chairman of the District, m the House of Re-
presentatives, he understood that honorable mem-
ber to recommend action on the proposition here,
in the first place, as it would probably pass through
the Senate with greater facility, and then be acted
upon with more promptitude m the House of Re-
presentatives.
Mi. GRUNDY still thought that the proposition
ought to have come from the House of Repre-
sentatives itself, and not m con equence of a sug-
gestion from a member of it.
Mr G. then moved to lay the resolution on the
table, which was agieed to
Mi PRESTON presented a memorial from sun-
dry citizens of South Carolina, on the subject of a
mail route, which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr DAVIS submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day for consideration
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to state to the Senate the number of fortifications com-
plete, the number commenced, and unfinished, the
number proposed to complete the system ot de-
fente, but not commenced, the size of each, the
original e^imated cost of the construction and
armament of each, the amount which has been
expended on each, and the amount necessary to
complete each
Resolved, That he be further insttucted to state
to the Senate, whether, in his judgment, if steam
batter es shouJd be employed in defence of our
harbors, bays, &c any of such fortificattotis can
be dispensed with or diminished.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be in-
structed to communicate to the Senate, whether in
his judgment, a system of defence by armed
steamers, might not be organized, which would be
more effective and economical than any made
hitherto employed to resist invasion.
Resolved, That he be further instructed to lay
before th" Senate an estimate of the expense of
organizing an efficient system of defence by armed
steamers.
On motion of Mi. TIPTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Fre-
donia by Prmcetown, Indiana, to Mount Carmel,
Illinois
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
I   Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the corpo-
rate authont es of the town of Mobile; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
The Senate took up and considered as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of Wil-
liam R Taylor, administrator of Jonathan Taylor,
deceased; and after a debate, in which the claim
was advocated by Messrs. CLAY of Kentucky,
CRITTENDEN, GRUNDY, SMITH of Con.
necticut, YOUNG, WHIT&. and STRANGE;
and opposed by Messrs. HUBBARD, MORRIS.
and PRENTISS.
The question was taken on the indefinite post-
