CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 „^~-279
"' ^ • -    •  -—■—■     ,   .....      ------------------------------------------------------------------
lars, to be paid out of the contingent fund oí the
House.
PUBLIC PRINTING
The House then resumed the consideration of'he
following resolution of Mr HOPKINS.
Resolved, That a select commitiee, consisting of
five members, be appointed, whose duty it shall be
to make a faithful and comprehensive investigation
into allsuch abuses as may ex.st in the administra-
tion of the legislaln e branch of the Federal Govern-
ment, with a view to the speedy correction of the
same, by the adoption oe Mich a sjstem of reform
and ¡etrenehment m the contingent expenses there-
of, ailh? pnbhc good imy require, rnd that the
said committee be instructed, a'so, to mquiie into
the expediency of divorcing, by law, the Go\ern-
ment from the publi- press, by prohibiting, in fu-
ture, every officer thereo', in his official capacity,
from employing any conductor of i political jour-
nal to execute any portion of the public prim ug
Mr. HOPKINS made a brief rejoinder to Mr
Cushman's remarks ol yesterday, and adduced
some additional aiguments in support of the pro-
position, both as a question ot economy and tor the
preservation of the purity of the public press, by its
disconnection from the patronage of the Govern-
ment.
Mr. BOND followed on the same side, and went
into a number of statistics and details on the sub-
ject, but, before he concluded, on motion of Mr.
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, the House passed to the
orders of the day.
Several bills from the Senate were read twice
and appropriately refened.
TJie bill from the Senate tor giving effect to the
8th amele of the treaty of 1819 with Spam being
twice read—
Mr JOHNSON of Louisiana moved to refer it
to the Commit ee on Foreign Affairs
Mr HARLAN moved to refci it to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims
Mr HOWARD, m a few remarks, explained
the reasons why this bill should not go to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and moved to refer it to
the Committee on Public Lands, as being the most
appropriate committee, when
Mr IOHNSON withdrew his motion to commit
it to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
Mr. HARL 4 N then explained the reason why
he thought the bill ought to go to the Committee
en Private Land Claim";
After a few remarks by Messrs RICE GAR-
LAND and WILLIAMS of N   C
Mr CRAIG moved to commit the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
After a few woids by Messrs LAWLER,
JOHNSON of La HOWARD, HARLAN, POPE,
aad RICE GARLAND, the motion to commit to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union was disagreed to, and the bill was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims
PRIVATE ORDERS.
Mr SHIELDS, wuh a view of facilitating the
business of the House, moved that the House take
up all bills which will not give rise to debate
Mr UNDERWOOD hoped this course would
not be pursued, because it would block up the
whole business before the comm.ttee of v Inch he
was a member
Objection being made to this mode of proceeding,
the House pursued the usual course.
Ine House then took up the bill for the relief of
John Downs, which was read a third tune and
passed
The House next took up the bill for the relief of
A. Q.utrtier and Albeit, of New Orleans, which
was ordered to be engiossedand read a third time
to-moirow
At a subsequent stage of the proceedings, the bill
was lead a thud lime and passed.
HOLSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, April 3, 1838
DECEASE Of 1IIL HON   ISAM3 McKIM
As soon as the journal of Saturday had been
read—
Mr HOWARD rose and addressed the House
as follows
Mr Speaker. I rise to perform ft duty, the pain-
ful extent of which I did not fully appreciate until
the present moment. It is from the effort required
to control the feelings which are struggling for the
mastery, that I am made sensible of the difficulty
of the task. Sir, my friend and colleague, who
lightened the toi's and shared the responsibilities of
our joint representation, is no moie. Alter a brief
but seveie illness, Isaac McKim expired yesterday
morning, meeting his fate with exemplaiy resigna-
tion and composure. Conscious of his approaching
end for many days previous to its occurrence,he look
ed steadily at death as he drewnear,step by step.v, t-
that unflinching courage which a quiet conscienc
only can give Feeling and knotting, as I now fee
and know, that he had tried to do his duty, he
looked forward without alarm, because he looked
backward without self-reproach. His course
thi ough life had been the same as his conduct in
this House, where, I am sure, he hat. not left an
unkind feeling in the breast of a single member
Engaged in the active pursuits of commerce fiom
an unusually early period of life, he was one, and
perhaps the last, of that enterprising class of
merchants, whose hazardous, but successful,
industry, some thirty years ago, built up,
at the same time, their own fortunes and trie
prosperity of the city which we partly represented
upon this floor, but the liberality with which he
dispensed his gams around him, was equal to the
sagacity which he manifested in their acquisition
Two public schools, one founded by his father and
the other by himself, have long made his name
blev>ed by the destitute widow, to whose children
the rich gift of aducation was thus benevolently and
wisely imparted. The two hundred orphan boys
who have habitually attended the school of Isaac
McKivt, may perhaps be i nconscious of the loss
which they have sustained but the tears of their
widowed mothers, slip m secret sorrow, will
attest their mingled ratitude and regret Sir,
n rescue from the temptations and dangers of
idleness and ignora ce, any portion of the youth
of our country, is I effect a wmk in which patriot-
ism and philanlh opy eminently unite. But it was
not in this instance alone that the kindheartedness
of my deceast J friend w as manifested I cannot
call to mind a single individual m our extensive
population whose loss will be more felt or deplored.
He has passed through life with such an unstained
character, that all men of integrity knew him to be
then proper associate Mild and courteous in his
deportment towards others, he followed, as a guide
in his own conduct, that sincerity and honesty of
purpose, upon which his friends never counted in
vain
Next to his family, Mr Speaker, his loss falls
most heavily upon mjself Elected by the same
oonslitu-ney, we have been, for some years, in the
habit of the most unreserved communication with
each ether upon every topic relating to our public
duties, and upon his stiong sagacity I have been
accustomed greatly to rely His untiring attention
to business has Ions been conspicuous in this
House No care, no time, no labor seemed to him
ti o great to be devoted to the public service In
thii House, amongst his constituents, in his State,
and bv his country, his absence will be felt. It on-
ly remains for us to pay such respect to his memo-
i v as is due to it, and, for that purpose, I offer the
following resolutions
Rew'ved unanimously, That the members and offi-
cers of this House will attend the funeral of Isaac
McKim, deceased, late a member of this House
from the State of Marjland, at 11 o'clock to-mor-
ro*v
Resolved unanimously, That a committee be ap-
pointed to take order for superintending the funeral
of Isaac McKim, deceased.
Resehed unanimously, That the members and of-
ficers of this House will testify their respect for the
memory of Isaac McKim by wearing crape on the
left arm for thirty days.
Resohed unanimously, That when the House ad-
journ to-day, it will adjourn to meet again on Wed-
nesday next
The resolutions having been unanimously adopt-
ed, the House adjourned over till Wednesday,
meeting to morrow, (Tuesday,) at eleven o'clock,
to attend the funeral obsequies of the lata Mi
McKim.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole, Mr. LEGARE in the Chair, and took up
The bill for the relief of Joseph Nourse, which
was passed over, leaving it to keep its place on the
calendar.
The committee next took up the bill for the re-
lief of Thomas Fillebrown, which was passed over
without being amended.
The committee then took up the bill for the re-
lief of Nathaniel Goddard and others, which, after
a few remarks by Mr. CAMBRELENG and Mr.
RUSSELL, was passed over without any action
being had upon it.
The committee next took up the bill for the relief
of Ehsha Moreland, William Kennedy, and others,
which, after some discussion by Messrs BOND,
LINCOLN, CHAPMAN, and WILLIAMS of
North Carolina,
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the committee
rose and reported to the House the bill for the re-
lief of Thomas Fillebrown, which was ordertd to
be engrossed and read a third time on Monday next
Messrs WILLIAMS and LAWLER, on leave,
presented petitions
On motion,
The House then adjourned
IN SENATE,
Monday, April 2, 1838
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, made in compliance with a
resolution of the 16th ultimo, in relation to the
Fiench and Neapolitan indemnities; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. NORVELL was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR also eommucicated a report from
the Treasury Department, transmitting a supple-
mentary report from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, in relation to the preserva-
tion of the records in the office of the Surve) ors
General- laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of the
Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore railroad
company, praying that the Government will refund
to them the duties paid by them on imported rail-
road iron referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr NORVELL presented joint resolutions from
the Legislature of Michigan, in relation to the con-
ditional surrender to the United States of certain
lands selected by that State for seminary purposes.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee on
the Public lands.
Mr. N. also presented a joint resolution from the
Legislature of Michigan, in favor of the appropria-
tion of the whole amount of the estimate for the
completion of river Raism harbor referred to th 
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McKEAN presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Chambersburg, Pennsyl-
vania, opposed to tb<* practice of duelling , which
was read, laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed. Also, two memorials from citizens of
Pennsylvania, remonstrating against the annexa-
tion of Texas to the Union laid on the table.
Also, two memorials from citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, on the subject of slavery the question as to
receiving them being laid on the table.
On motion of Mi WILLIAMS, the Committee
on Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of several petitions for pensions that had
been referred to tlv>m
The bill for lhe relief of Samuel Milbgan, was
read the third time, and passed
The amendment of the House to the bill direct-
ing the expenditure of the appropriation for remov-
ing the troops of the United States from Fort Gib-
son, was considered, and concurred in.
The bill fiom the House for the relief of the
heirs of Robert Fulton, was read twice, and re-
ferred.              _
The bill from the House for the relief of Ebene-
zer A. Lester, was taken up and considered, and,
on motion of Mr HUBBARD, it was indefinitely
postponed.
The following bilk were severally read the
second time, and considered as m Committee of the
