280
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading
The bill to remunerate the captors of the priva-
teer Lydia.
The bill for the relief of Isaac Wellborn, jr. and
William Wellborn.
The bill for the relief of William Eadus
The bill for the relief of David H Maxwell
The bill authorizing the sale of certain real es-
tate belonging to the United States at Bath, in
Maine, and the proceeds thereof to be applied 10
the purchase of another bite and the building of a
custom-house.
The bill for the relief of Moses Van Campen, and
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal le-
presentatives of Everard Mead, deceased.
DEATH OF THE HON  ISAAC MoKIM
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, by Mr Fjunkiin, their Cleik, an-
nouncing Ihe death of the Hon Isiac McKim, a
member of that House from the State oí Maij-
land, and that his iuneral would take place from
then hall at 11 o'clock to-morrow
Mr. GRUNDY lose and addressed the Senate «is
follows-
Mr. President In the absence of both the Se
nators from Maryland, I have been requested hv
the delegation m the other House fiom lint Si 11
to move a concurrence with the resolutions oí tin.
House of Repiesentatwes, m honor ot the menu i j
of the deceased
A few days since he was amongst us, m all the
vigor of health Within a few houisouly beloie
his death, he was actually engaged in the faith) ul
dischaigeol the arduous duties assigned him by his
country He is now gone, and those who esteemed
him and loved him, will see him no moie
Mr. McKim was emphatically the aulhoi > I his
own fortunes He commenced life in vi ly moderate
circumstances, without the patronage of niiUienlial
friends. His industry and energy, under ihe ¿uid-
ance of a clear and discriminating intellect, enabled
him to amass a fortune, not only ample, but magni-
ficent.
He not only knew haw to acquire property, but
he knaw how to use it The accumulation of
wealth in him did not beget the passion oí \ irice
Go to the city of his residence, and ihe inhabit ints
can point out innumerable instances of his noble
charities, and monuments of his munificence tnd
liberality
He had reached a ^ood old age He hail been
honored by his fellow-citwens with a ss at m the
Senate of his State, and he ha I oiien been elected
to fill the station he lately occupied We his asso-
ciates knew lhat, although he was unassuming and
unpretending, be brought into our councils a stock
of useful and practical Knowledge possessed by
few men.
The reflection that he lived worthily, and died
probably without a anjie enemy, will comfort,
and in some degree alleviate the sorrow s, of her who
w?s the. partner of his bosom and sharer of his
joys and griefs, and those relatives and friends who
new deplore his loss
Mr. GRUNDY then ¡.ubmitted the following íe-
solution, which was adopted unanimous!)
Resolved unanimously, That the Senate will at
tenel the funeral of the Hon Issac Mcli.ni, late a
memb?i of the House of Represe names from the
State oí Maryland, at II o'clock to morrow, ind,
as a testimony of respect for the memon oi the d<
ceased, they will go into mourning by weauiy
crape on the left arm for thirtv days
On motion of Mr GRUNDY,
The Senate adjourned to meet to-morrow at II
o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
H     Tuesday, April 3, ltv{8
FUNEIUL 01 THE I VIE HON   I>VV(   MoKIM
Pursuant to order, the House of Representatives
convened a few minutes before 11 o'clocl, for the
purpose of attending the funeral obsequies of the
Hon. ISAAC MeKIM, late a Representative in
Congress from the State of Maryland, which were
performed m conformity to the older oí arrange-
ments:
ORDER OF ARRANGEMENTS
FOR THE rUNERAI Or THE HON ISAAC McKIM,
La'ca Ripusenlattve t  Congress fi-om the Slate of Ma-
ryland
The Committee of Arrangements and Pall-
beareis will attend at the late residence of the de-
ceased, atGatlsby's Hotehon Pennsylvania avenue,
at 10 o'clock, a. m Tuesday, April 3d; at which
time the lemains will be removed, in charge of the
Committee of Arrangements, attended by the Ser-
geant-at-arms of the House of Representatives, to
the Hall of the House.
At 2 o'clock, p m funeral service will be per-
loiined in the Hall oí the House of Representa-
tive, and, immediately after, the procession will
move 11 the Railroad Depot, on Pennsylvania ave-
nue, m the following onler
The Chaphms ol Ixth Houses.
Ph\spurns who attended the deceased.
Committee ol Arrangements, viz
Mi  Howard, oi Maryland
Mr Anuís, oí Mass      Mi.Giarcock, ofda
Mr Cami m i i m , N Y. Mr. Johnson, of La
Mi TiLnn rro, of Va  Mi  MirtiR, of Mo
Pall Bearers, \u
Mi  McKn.oiN C     Ml Inch vm, of Conn.
Mi  Wmrui.su, of O    Mr Yjbií, of Aik
Mi  I/son, oliMa            Mi Sobine-AW, of Ky
The ¡amilj and friends of the deceased
The mi mbeis ol the House ol Repiesentativesand
Sniuois trom Maiyliml, as mourners.
The Sei ge,tm-dt-ai ms ol the House of Representa-
tives
The House of Repie^entatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Cleik.
The other officers of ihe House
The Seigeant-al-Aruii. of the Senate
The Senate oí the Umteil States, preceded  by the
Vice President and their Secretary.
The other officeis of the Senate.
The President oi  the Untied States.
The Heads of Departments.
Foreign Ministers
Citizens and Strangers
The bods w ill then be placed m the car winch
will be  piovulod lor the puipose, and rained to
Baltimoie, attended  by the chaplains and physi-
cians, the committee of  arrangement,  the  pall
bearers, the dclcgitionltorn Maryland as mourners,
and such ol the ollicers and members ot the two
Hi uses ol Congress is may be able to att< nd, for
whom ears will be provided
On the arrive! ol the proceisiwn at Baltimore, it
will move ti the place ot interment, in the order
w Inch is design ited above
Arrangements have been made lor the return to
Washington, on the same evening, of Ihose who
may attend the body to Baltimore
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wfto.fsdas, April 4, 1838
THE LATE DUEL
Menional on the stibjea of ihe hie duel were
piesuiled by Mr CUS11MAN, of New Hamp-
snucMr rVIRFIELD ol Mame, VIi >srs GRAY,
Pi CK, PRATT, and B1RDS1LL, ol New Yoik,
Mr 1 LETCHI'!, oi Veimonl, Mr GUSHING,
if Veimont, and Mr WEBSTER, of Ohio, all ol
wmih were rchrrel to the select committee having
that subject une'er investigation
[Mr Ct ^iiv in p e -mtcel the petition of Bradbu-
ly Bartlctt and oth< i citizens of Nottingham, Nr w
Ilimpshire, piayin,  an investigation into the facts
ieliti\( to the laie duel between two members of
C ingress ]
[Mi Fairiii in presented the following petmems
upon the subject of the late duel, which were refer-
red to the select committee having that subject un-
eki eonsitlention, \i/ Moses Sweat and 20 others,
eiti7ensof Parsonsfield, the same and 115 o'hers;,
citizens ot Parsonsfield, Joseph Hiltan and 81
others, citizens of Brew er, Wait W Keen and 84
timers, ut./ens of Brewer, Abel Gibson and 78
i thers, citizens ol Brownftek], Daniel Osgood and
7't others, citi/pns ot Brownficld, fsaie A Thayer
and 38 others, citi/cns of Oxford, Jurus S Keith
and 39 others, cit ¿ens ot Oxford, James Leacb, jr
and 51 otheis, ci'i?ensof Penobsco 1, Wilson Car-
penter and ¿¿ jther=, citizens of Penobscot, Elias
M. Carter and 53 others, citizens of Bethel, all in
the State of Mame, and Samuel Foljarabe and 41
others, citizens of the State of Ohio.]
[Mr. Fletcher, of Vermont, presented the pe-
tition oí Win. Heywocd, jr. and 25 sitizens of
Guildhall, praying Congress to interfere and pass a
law against duelling.]
[Mr. Webster, on leave, presented the petition
of many citizens of Hamilton and Rossville, and
their vicinities, on the subject of the late duel and
against duelling, which was referred to the select
committee ]
[Mr. Biedsali presented the memorial of E.
Price and 157 others, inhabitants of the county of
Wayne, N Y. praying the expulsion by Congress!
of every member of that body criminally engaged
in the duel which resulted m the death of the Hon.
Jonaiimn Ciixev. Also, the memorial of J. W.
Pattonand214 others, inhabitants of the county
of Wayne, N. Y praying Congress to expel every
member thereof, who, on investigation, shall ap-
pear to have been engaged m the duel between
Messrs Cilley and Gbavks, which, on motion of
Mi. B. were referred to the select committee having
the ¡tubject under consideration.
Mi B asked leave to present the memorial of
Thomas McClmtock and 36 others, Waterloo,
New Yoik, praying the House to rescind the reso-
lution of Mr. Patton, of the 21st day of December,
1837, which was received, and laid on the table ]
[Mr Pfck presented the petition of W. H. Stan-
ley, and sundry other citizens of Gunson, Living-
stem county, N. Y. on the subject of the late duel.
Also, a similar petition of Shopard Pierce, and 291
other citizens of L' vomer, Livingston county, N Y.
Abo, a similar petition of J A Campbell, and 100
others, citizens of Lima, Livingston county, N. Y ]
Memorials on other subjects were presented by
Messis WISE, PICKENS, S WILLIAMS,
THOMPSON, HENRY, and BRONSON, (for
Mr JONES of Wisconsin, who was in attendance
before a select committee of the House )
[Mr Hfnuv presented the petition of George
Casspady ot Mercer county, Philadelphia, asoldier
of the late war, who had his arm shot off in the
battle of Chippewa, and prays Congress for an in-
crease oí his pension on motion, referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions ]
Mr JOHNSON of Md. on leave, submitted the
wg resolution, which was agreed to
Resolved, That the Speaker communicate to the
Governor of the State of Maryland, that a vacancy
has occurred in the representation of the House
of Repiesentatives, by the decease of the Hon.
Isaac McKim, late a member thereof from that
Slate
Mr CUSHMAN asked leave to move an order
lhat, from and aftar this day, the House meet at 11
o'clock, a m until otherwise ordered, but it was
objected to
Mr PRATT asked leave to offer a resolution
directing portraits of the five first Presidents to be
executed by American artists, and placed in the
Executive mansion, but it was objected to.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION
Mr WISE as>ked leave to offer the following
resolution
Jlesolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to mquite into the expediency and
propriety of repealing the laws providing foi an
exploring expedition, and of converting, by ¡aw,
the vessels fitted owt for the said expedition, into a
squadron to be stationed on the Atlantic coast of
the United States, to ascertain the soundings of its
shoals, inlets, channels, bays, rivers, creeks, and
harbors, to instruct the officers of the navy in the
pilotage of our own waters, to train them m sea-
manship, to afford íelief to vessels in distress, and
to protect our coast
ObjectiQn being made,
Mr MONTGOMERY, premising that this was a
subject ol considerable importance, moved a sus-
pensiem of the rule
Mr WISE lemarked, that the adoption of the
resolu'ion müanter was indispensable, inasmuch
as the appropriations for the expedition were al-
ready embraced in the annual navy bill
The House refused te suspend the rule
