CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.              _________________281
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina asked leave
to submit the following-
Resolved, That this House will, from and after
Monday next, meet daily at 11 o'clock, a. m. until
otherwise ordered.
Objection being made,
Mr. G. moved a suspension of the rules, and
asked for the yeas and nays, which were ordered,
and were—yeas 110, nays 29. So the rules were
suspended
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio then moved to
amend the resolution, so as to take a daily recess
from 2 till half-past 3 o'clock.
After M>me remarks from Messrs. CAMBRE-
LENG, WHITTLESEY of Connecticut, REED,
POPE and BOON in opposition to the amend-
ment, and by Messrs WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
and REED in its support,
Mr WHITTLESEY asked for the yeas and
nays, but thoy were retused, and it was further dis-
cussed by Messrs. LEGARE, WILLIAMS of
North Carolina, and CAMBRELENG in opposi-
tion, when the amendment was rejected without a
division, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DAWSON then rose and said that, as a
member of the Committee on Mileage, he had re-
ported a bill on that subject, which it was absolute-
ly necessary should be either passed or rejected.
Hi., therefore, moved a suspension of the rules, m
order to take up and consider that bill, but the
House íefused
DUTIES OP OFFICERS OF THE HOUSE.
Puisuant to order, the House took up the resolu-
tions m relation to the duties ot the officers of the
House.
[They are published at length m the "Globe" oí
Saturday evening last ]
The resolutions having been read, the first was
taken up, as follows
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Re-
presentatives appoint a competent number of pages,
not exceeding twelve, and between the ages of
twelve and sixteen years, who shall be paid out of
the contingent fund of the House, one dollar and
fifty cents per day, in. full for their services.
Mr McKENNAN moved to amend the first,
so that it should not affect the pages now in the
employ of the House, by limiting its operation to
the next session of Congress.
Messrs JOHNSON of Maryland, JOHNSON
of Virginia, and CONNOR spoke briefly against
the amendment, when it was agreed to—ayes 67,
noes 62.
Mr HAYNES moved further to amend the first
resolution, by giving the appointment of the pages
to the Doorkeeper instead of to the Clerk
Mr. ADAMS moved to add the words, " with
the approbation of the Speakei," which Mr. H
accepted as a modification
After some remarks from Messrs. HAYNES,
ADAMS, JOHNSON of Maryland, and MASON
of Ohio, the amendment was agreed to, 73 to 51.
Mr CONNOR moved that ten boys be employ-
ed, instead of the proposed number of twelve,
which was disagreed to.
The other resolutions were also discussed at great
h ngth, amended, and, m their amended form, seve-
rally concurred in
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundry
Executive communications, viz
1    From the Acting Secretary of War, transmit-
1 ng a report of the Chiel Engineer, containing
certain information respecting the harbor of St.
Louis
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN, refarred to th
Committee on Commerce
2   From the same, transmitting a report of the
commissioners appointed to lay out the military
road on the Western frontier.
On motion of Mr McKAY, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs
3   From the same, transmitting a report of the
Commanding General, and accompanying docu-
ments, from which can be derived information of
the number and composition of the militar} forces
Hi Florida during the year 1337.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, referred to the same
committee.
4. From the same, in relation to the commercial
intercourse between the British provinces of Nova
Scotia and New Brunswick, and the United States.
On motion of Mr FAIRFIELD, referrod to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
5 From the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a supplementary report from the Commis-
sioner oí the General Land Office in relation to the
preservation of the records in the offices of the
Surveyors General.
On motion of Mr. YELL, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana, on leave, laid on
the table an amendment he proposed to submit to
the Pre emption right bill, which was ordered to be
printed.
On motion,   The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, April 4, 1838.
Mr 4.LLEN presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Fayette county, Indiana, praying ihe
establishment of a certain mail route. referred to
the Comm'ttee en the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr TIPTON presented the petition of Hiram
Todd, Cjrus Taber, and Alexander Hamilton,
praying the passage of a law vesting the right of
certain Indian reservations to them as reaervees.
reterred to the Committee on public lands.
Mr BaYARD presented certain papers, as evi-
dence in the case of Alex. McCrae, a soldiei in the
late war, which were referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr TIP TON presented the memorial of the
Mississippi and Alabama railroad company, ask-
ing for a donation of land, etc referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. MERRICK presented the resolutions of the
General Assembly of Maryland, m relation to the
currency generally, and in opposition to the Inde-
pendent Treasury laid on the table, and ordcied to
be printed.
Mr TIPTON, from the Coi-mitt.ee on Roads
and Canals, moved t  be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration oí the petition of William Ban-
croft, and also irom the memorial of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin   which was concurred in.
Mr fDAVIS, agreeable to leave, introduced a
bill for the relief oí the heirs oí Silas Elbert, de-
ceased, and for othei purposes, which was twice
read, and íeferred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary
Mr LINN gave notice that he would on to-mor-
row, ask leave to bring in a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Philip Barbet, deceased
On motion of Mr KNIGHT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of ma-
king a survey ol the harbor of Providence, R. I
preparatory to the removal of a sand bar or de-
posite at the entrance of the harbor
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, reported, without amendment, the bill ma-
king appropriations for the support of the army for
the year 1838
The following bills were severally read the third
time and parsed
The bill for the relief of Isaac Wellborn, jr and
William Wellborn.
The bill foi the reaef of Doctor David H Max-
well.
The bill for the relief of William Eadus.
The bill to remunerate the captors of the priva-
teer Lydia.
The bill authorizing the sale of certain real estate
belonging to the United States at Bath, Siate of
Maine, and the appropriation of ihe proceeds to
Ihe purchase of a site, and the building a custom-
house at that place.
The bill for the relief of Moses Van Campen,
and
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Everard Mead, deceased.
The following bills from the House were seve-
rally read twice, and referred
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Robert
Fulton,
The bill for the relief of Capt JohnDownes, and
The bill for the relief of A. Curtier and Albert,
of New Orleans.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the bill making
appropriations far the civil and diplomatic expenses
ot the Government for the year lb38 was taken up.
The following amendment, reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance, being under consideration.
Add to the end of first section, Provided, That
there shall exist in the President and the Postmaster
General the same power to transfer funds from one
to another head of appropriation between the ap-
propriations above made for the service of the Ge-
neral Post Office, as exists m the President and any
other head of an Executive department to transfer
funds appropriated under one head to the service of
another, in any other branch of the public service
After some remaiks from Mr CRITTENDEN,
in opposition to the amendment, and from Messrs.
WRIGHT, NILES, and GRUNDY, in its sup-
port, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved to amend the bill
by inserting a proviso that the above appropriations
for the Post Office Department, together with the
salary of the Postmaster General, shall be paid
out of the revenues of the Post Office which are of
may be paid mío the Treasury agreeably to the
act of 2d July, 1836
After some remarks from Messrs. GRUNDY,
WRIGHT, and NILES, in opposition to the
amendment, and from Mr. CRITTENDEN, in its
support, the question was taken, and the motion
to amend was lost without a division.
The amendment was then ordered to be engross-
ed, and the bill, as amended, to be read a third
time.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
The bill directing the transfer of moneys un-
claimed by certain pensioners, and the payment of
the same at the Treasury of the United States, was
taken up and con^ideied as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion of Mr. ROANE, the Senate took up
and considered, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill to establish a criminal court in ihe District of
Columbia, and, after an amendment, it was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill to prohibit the giving or accepting a
challenge to fight a duel in the District of Colum-
bia, and the punishment thereof, was taken up, the
question being on the amendment offered by Mr.
Clayton
After some remarks from Mi PRESTON, the
bill was passed over mfoimally, and
The bill making appropriations foi the civil and
dplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year 1838,
The bill making appropriations for the support
of the army for the year 1838, and
The bill directing the transfer of moneys un-
claimed by certain pensioners, and the payment
thereof at the Treasury of the United States, were
severally read the thud time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. NORVELL,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, April 5, 1838.
Mr. PATTON moved the following, which was
unanimously adapted
Resolved, That William J. M'Cohmick be ap-
pointed postmaster oí this House
ELECTION OF DOORKEEPER.
Mr Mi KENNAN then asked ihe consent of the
House to take up the resolution providing for the
election of a principal Doorkeeper on Monday
next at 2 o'clock
Objection being made, the rules were suspended,
92 to 34.
Mr. GRAY then moved to insert to-day at one
o'clpck.
Mr CAMBRELENG hoped this motion would
not prevail. There were several urgent appro-
priation bills before the House, and this was the
only public business day of the present week.
The amendment was disagreed to—ayes 69, noes
73.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky said he thought
there were officers enough already, and he there-
fore moved to postpone the resolution till the first
Monday in December next.
