282
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CAMBRELENG asked for the jeas and
aajs, tshich were ordered.
Mr. BOQN stated, brieffy, why he should vote
for the postponement. He dissented from the
principle involved in this question; for, independent
of the House having got along very well with the
present Assistant Doorkeeper for the best part of
three sessions, there was another principle m it still
stronger, viz that the House did, on the annun-
ciation of the death of the late Doorkeeper, direct
lus tall salary to be paid to hi  widow till the end
of the present session ol Congress, Mr. B did
not etivj the widow at all, but the '.line punciple
would apply as forcibly, and with as much justice,
to e\ ery member of the House -u ho might die
duung his term of sen ice, and his peí diem tor the
whole session pail to the widow Now, he could
not go for this principle, and raoie especially with
the lash over lum for extravagance, and the com-
parisons recently made between the expendituresot
the House under this and the late Administrations,
and former ones, every small and tuning item
having been industriously enumerated It other
gentlemen were disposed to do so, thev had a per-
fect right, and on them w ould rest the responsibility
of paying a double salary foi the performance oí
the duties of one officer
After a few w ords iiom Messrs HAYNES,
EWTNG, BRONSON, and TAYLOR, against
postponement, and a bnel rejoinder by Mi BOON,
the question was taken, and decided in the nega-
tive—}eas 74, na>s 91
So the House íetused to postpone the lesolution
Mr WILLIAMS ot Kentucky then moved to
amend it by adding the following
Resolved further, That the oftics of Assistant
Doorkeeper, trom and after the election ol Door-
keeper, be dispensed with     Lost
Mr. RUSSELL then moved to amend by striking
out "on Monday next, at 2 o'clock,"and inserting
"forthwith," which was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was agreed to
Before the House proceeded to ballot—
Mr WILLIAMS of Kentucky, moved the fol-
lowing ordei   "That m the balloting? for Doorkeep-
er the individual  who leceives the smallest   vote
shall be dropped, and soon," hut it wasdisagieed to
The House then proceeded,  and the following
nominations were made
M   GR VNT nominated Mr LiniKev
Mr HALL nominated Mr Whttcomb
Mr TAYLOR nominated Mi  Folansbee
Mr SERGEANT nominated Mr BurtU
Mi  PATTON nominated Mr Dade
Mr HAYNES nominated Mr Beale
Mr CARTER nominated Mr Hamilton
Mr TURNEY nominated Mr Williams
Mr PENNYBACKER nominated Mr Bogan
Mr. RIVES nominated Mr Hunge rford
Mr S W. MORRIS nominated Mr Patton
Mr CHAMBERS nominated Mr. Washington
Mr ATIIERTON nominated Mr Harrison.
Mr HOFFMAN nominated Mr Palmer
Mr, CAMPBELL of Iennes^ee nominated Mi
McCormick
Air EVANS nominated Mr Weichtman
Mr SHIELDS nominated Mr Add-on
Mr LAWLER nominated Mr Mount
Mr COLES nominated Mr Sangstei
Mr HAWKINS nominated Mi  Burke
Mr GRANT, Mr HALL, Mr TAYLOR, Mi
SERGEANT, and Mr HAYNES, were appointed
tellers
There were six ballot , the la.tof which resulted
as follows
Whole numbel of votes  -           -           -       177
Necessarj to a choice      -           -                     99
Por Mr Folansbee           -           -                     ''!
Mi BMle      -                       "           "         u
Mr Washington        -                       "            
Scattering            _           -           -           -           4
So Mr Folansbee w as declared to be du'j elect-
ed, and took the oam of office
The following message in writing was received
fiom the President of the United States by the hands
of his private Secretar}
To the House of Representatives of the United Slates
1 herewith transmit to the House ot Representa-
tives a report from the Secretary of State, with ac-
companying papers, in answet to their resolution
of the 21st ultimo                M  VAN BUREN.
WtsmvoTON, Jlpnl 5, 1838.
[The íeport was in relation to the destruction of
the Caroline, at Schosser ]
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN, laid on the table.
Mr LEGARE, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Claims be liistiuited to íoqmie into the expediency
ofgiautmg to Mis. Brown, daughter ot Sergeant
Jisper, the commutation pay ot a subaltern officer,
or such other compensation ,us she may be, in the
opinion of the committee, entitled to under the laws
and the practice ol Congress
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication Iiom the Secretary of the Tieasury,
m i elation to lands sold undei the pre-emption
laws, which, on motun of Mr BOON, was laid
on the table
The Síiiate s amendment to the general appro-
priation bill was taken up and concurred in.
Also, the arm ndment oí that body to the bill
íelatiou to pension balances was likewise con-
cutred m
Sundrj bills fiom the Senate were taken up,
read twice, and retened to their appropriate stand-
ing commit'ees
The bill lor the lehel ot Thomas Fillebrown,
was read a third tune, and passed.
On motion.
The House adjourned.
(Mr Giuy,oíN Y yesterday piesented the fol-
lowing The petition ot 86 inhabitant* of Truxton,
Couitland co. N Y praying (or the expulsion from
Congress ot every member thereof who was cnrm-
nally engaged m the late duel, and that the per-
sons so engiged be handed over to the legal tribu-
nal of the State whose Luminal code ihey had Mo-
isted Also, the petition of sundry inhabitants of
Lansing,'Iompkins co prajmg the same. Also,
the petition o' sundiy inhabitants of Tompkins co.
pi aymg the 'ame Also, the petition of sundry in-
habitants of Tompkins co piaymg the expulsion
oi the surviving principal and the seconds m the
late duel Also, the petition of 171 inhabitants of
Limn a, Chemung < o praying the passage oí laws
lopruent duelling ]
IN SENATE
l'lieRsnA-i, April ■>, 1818
Mr GRUNDV presented the petition of Robert
Beny, a soldier ol the Revolution, praying (or a
pension   retened to the C omimttee on Pensions.
Mr. NORVELL presented the pit amble and
joint resolutions of the LegislaUue oi the State of
Michigan, calling the attention of Congiess to the
expedienc) ot making a survey of Detroit river, on
the American side, to asc-rtain how far the chan-
nel required improvement, with i view to defence
in case of a war with Great Britain leferred lo
the Committee on Mil lary Affairs, and ordered to
be printed
Mr 1,1 NM, on U hi, mlroc'itceu a bill for the
leliet < I the legil representatives ol Philip Barber,
deceived, which, was twici read, and referred, with
the accompanying documents, to the Committee
on Private Land Claims
On motion of Mr WHITE, the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was discharged irom the lurther consi-
deration ol the petition of the Brothertown Indians,
lesidmg in Wisconsin, praying for a title to their
lannds, and to be made citizens of the United States,
and the same w as referred to the Committea on the
Public Lands
Mr YOUNG presented the resolutions of a laige
meeting of certain citizens of Illinois, on the sub-
ject oí a mail route reierred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr YOUNG gave notice that he would, to-mor-
row, ask leave to bring in a bill to grant a quantity
of land to the Mississippi and Rook River Canal
Co.npany for purposes of internal improvement
The bill to establish a Criminal Court for the
District of Columbia, was reíd the third time and
passed
The Senate took up and considcied, a  m com-
mittee of the Whole, the bill for the relief of the le-
gal representatives of Henry Fisher, deceased.
Mr. BAYARD moved to amend the bill, by ad-
ding interest, at the rate of six per cent., and after
a debate, m which the amendment was supported
by Messrs. BAYARD and CLAYTON, a«d op-
posed by Messrs. WHITE and NILES, this
amendment was rejected—yeas 10, nays 20; after
which, the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. BENTON laid on the table Che statement
of the Missouri volunteers relative to the battle of
Oltechobee, which was ordeied to be printed
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and adoptedt
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be
instructed to inquire whether any additional sup-
plies will be needed by the Treasury during the
present year, and if so, to inquire into the ex-
pediency of íaismg said supplies, by selling the
bond  given by the Bank of the United Slates of
Pennsylvania for the United States stock in the
late United States Bank, or by loans.            
On motion of Mr. LINN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post-Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route direct fiom
Palmyra, Missouri, to Shelbyvtlle, the seat of
justice of Shelby county.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to pi ohibit the giving or accepting a challenge to
fight a duel in the Distiict of Columbia, and for the
punishment thereof
Mi PRESTON said he had no objection to the
passage of a law against duelling, although he be-
lieved that the common law, if properly enforced,
was abundantly sufficient. It might be that addi-
tional legislation was necessary to enforce it, but if
so, it was worthy the consideration of gentlemen
who urged this measure, whether the insufficiency
ol the common law was not induced by a state oi
public opinion, (whether intelligent or not he would
not stop to inquire) which was averse to the stern
execution oí the law applicable to duelling If this
were so, the object which gentlemen had m view
would not be attained by the introduction ot other
and sterner penalties On the contrary, he (Mr*
P.) thought they made the law more inefficient
when they made it more severe, because it became
more opposed to public sentiment.
The practice of duelUag, Mr P said, originated
in, and was sustained by, public opinion, and so
long as it was so sustained, it would prevail, m de-
spite of law, on that principle which had passed
into a proverb, that when public opinion set its face
against the measure, no law would be icquisite.
Gentlemen who were advocating this measure,
seemed to think that laws against duelling had, m
many instances, been successful in suppressing it.
In that he thought they were mistaken, at least to
the extent ol the influence which they claimed for
those lawi. It might have happened, in a particular
case, that public opinion, by some gross abuse of
the practice, had been so raised against it, that the
enactment of new laws bad stiengthened an" c m-
solidated the feelm/ of the community, so as to
bring the institution of duelling mto* disrepute
Such w<*s the case in Vngm a, but whether that
State had succeeded m checking the passions which
gave rise lo challenges, or had meiely forced them
into some more violent forms ot ebullition, remained
yet to be seen.
Duelling had undoubtedly produced much folly
and much misen, but at the same time it had miti-
gated the indulgence of levengeful passions, which,
taking the milder and more deliberate couise, eva-
porated entirely, or assumed a less atrocious form
Was it not, asked Mr P. manifestly less outra-
geous upon receiving offense to send a challenge
than to draw a ditk' Time could then be had for
reflection—for adjustment, but even should the af-
fan be pushed to the extreme issue, there weie cir-
cunWant es and chances which would go to make
it less objectionable than sudden and violent
personal rencontres It was not his purpose
to vindicate the practice of duelling, or to
enter into a lull discussion of the proposed
law, but merely to notice some of the le-
marks of the honorable Señalen from Connecticut
