$92
" i '     '->--      «-   ■    ' ■- • ■..........       -----------'
Resolved, That the Committee on the Expendí- .
tures of the War Department be instructed to in-
quire into, and report to this House, the facts con-
nected with the case, and why said claim was paid
after having been repeatedly rejected by both
Houses of Congress.
STATE REVENUE.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON of'South Caro
lina, the following resolution, submitted by him on
the 19th of March, was taken up:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
dirfiped to furnish this House with a statement of
the amount of revenue received in each State or
Territory during the year 1836; and also the
amount, as nearly as the same can be ascertained,
expended during that year in each State or Terri-
tory; and also with a statement of the whole bank
capital of the United Slates, designating the ca-
pital of each bank, and the place where located.
Mr. T. modified it by striking therefrom the call
in relation to the banking capita); aud, so modified,
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting.  pension to John
H. Lynch
DIVORCE OP GOVERNMENT AND THE PRESS
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted some time since
by Mr. Hopkins of Virginia:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of
five members, be appointed, whose duty it shall be
to make a faithful and comprehensive investigation
into all such abuses as may exist in the adminis-
tration of the legislative branch of the Federal Go-
vernment, with a view to the speedy correction of
the saoie by the adoption of such a system of re-
lorrn and retrenchment in the contingent expenses
thereof as the public good may require ; and that
the ¿aid committee be instructed also to inquire into
the expediency of divorcing, by law, the Govern-
ment from the public press, by prohibiting, in fu-
ture, every officer thereof, in his oflicial capacity,
from employing any conductor of a political jour-
nal to execute any portion oí the public printing.
Mr. BOND continued bis remarks till they weic
arrested by the orders of the day.
Sundry bills from the Señale were laken up, read
twice, and referred to appropriate standing com-
mittees.
NAVAL SERVICE.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the •' bill making appropriations for the naval
service, for the year 1838."
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
MONTGOMERY, to recommit the bill to the
C ■mimttee of Ways and Means, with instructions
to make the sum for the South Sea Exploring
Expedition a specific one.
.Mr. MONTGOMERY hoped die bill w uild be
recommitted, and that the amount for the Explor-
ing Expedition would, at least, be specified, and
then he should be prepared to vote upon it, and to
vote against it. If any Exploring Expedition was
wanted, let it be for exploring our own coast. If
this motion should fail, Mr. M. should then renew
the motion, with instructions to strike from the bill
so much as embraced that object.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that it was not
necessary to recommit the bill to attain the object
sought after, because the gentlemen might move at
once to reduce it. But, whether the Exploring
Expedition was continued, or a coasting squadron
ordered, the same appropriation must be made, as
the officers and men were all mustered and equipped
for service. With reference to the propriety oí the
expedition, Mr. C. had been misunderstood in
being represented as opposing it, for he had ex-
pressed no such opinion. What he had said was,
that he was opposed to it upon so large a scale,
and he had so stated when the appropriation was
first made.
Mr. WISE was also of opinion that it was not
necessary to recommit the bill; but he was m fa-
vor oHan inquiry into the expediency of diverting
the appropriation for the " exploded" expedition,
for that was its true designation, to a better object.
Mr. ADAMS earnestly advocated the continu-
ance of the expedition, and expressed his entiie
confidence in the science, skill, and experience of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Lieut. Wilkes to conduct it to its completion with
honor to the country.
Mr. MALLORY deprecated a discussion upon
the Exploring Expedition on this bill, when the ser-
vice was severely suffering for the want of its pas-
sage. He preferred that subject being discussed
under a distinct proposition, when he would be pre.
pared to prove that, according to the present plan, it
could never be successful, especially that of ap-
pointing an inferior officer to the command.
Mr. INGHAM remarked that there could be no
necessity for recommitting the bill to ascertain the
specific sum required for the Exploring Expedition,
since the estimates were all before the House. ■ He
then went into a review of the causes which had
led to the delay of the expedition, in vindication of
the course of the Secretary of the Navy, anil re-
plied to some other charges brought by Mr. Mai-
lory.
The discussion was further continued by Messrs.
MALLORY, WISE, CAMBRELENG, ING-
HAM, HOFFMAN, and MERCER, when Mr.
BRONSON obtained the floor; and, on his motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, April 9, 1888.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Treasury Department, in answer to the resolution
of the 93d of February last, transmitting.copies of
the replies made by the deposite banks to the Trea-
sury circular referred to: laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Charles Bitl-
finch and others, asking confirmation of title to
a certain purchase made by them in the Territory
of Oregon: referred to the Committee on the Public
lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of sundry
citizens of New Jersey in relation to the location of
the contemplated national foundry: laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Charles Dur-
fey, asking to be reimbursed his expense  incurred
in the survey of the harbor of Soutiiport, Wiscon-
sin Teintory: referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the claims of
Basil Brown and Samuel Beck, of that State, for
horses and rifles furnished at the treaty of October,
ISM, at the Forks of the Wabash, with the Miami
Indians' referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Illinois on the subject of a poit route;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition of
Adolphus Allen, of Des Moines, Illinois, asking
the aid of Congress to make a bridge across the
Mississippi at that place; also, asking for an appro-
priation for the constructing a military road:
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canal.
Mr. NORVELL presented a petition, signed by
a number of the members of the Legislature of
Michigan, and other citizens of that State, asking
for an appropriation for a survey for a convenient
harbor on Lake Erie: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Pennsylvania on the subject of
duelling; which was laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Samuel
Osgood and others, of Massachusetts, praying that
the late treaty with the Cherokees may not be car-
ried into effect: laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS also presented the petition of Louisa
F. Wilcox, and sundry other women of Massa-
chusetts, praying for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia. Motion to receive it laid an
the table.
Mr. LYON presented a copy of a report and
resolutions, adopted by both branches of the Legis-
lature of Michigan, relative to donations of public
lands by Congress, for the purpose of internal im-
provement in that State: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill to authorize the Pre-
sident to causea patent to be issued to the heirs of
Francis Rivard, deceased, for the lands  therein
menüoned: read, and ordeied to a second reading;
and,
On motion of Mr. LINN, and by general con-
sent, this bill was read the second time, and con-
sidered as ia Committee of the Whole, and ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee
on Finance was. discharged from the further const-"
deration of the resolution of the Senate.of the 26th
March last; directing them to inquire into the ex-
pediency of refunding to those who have deposited
in the Treasury of the United States money for
the purpose of purchasing public lands the sums
deposited by them.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which was referred the petition of the Mil-
waukie and Rock River Canal Company on the sub-
ject, reported a bill granting to the State of Illinois
a quantity of land to aid in making a canal from
Milwaukie to Rock river; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. WALKER,,
Rtsvlvcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to communicate to the
Senate, at as early a period as practicable, the
amount of stock subscribed and held by the United
States in any road or.canal company; the present
market price of said stock; and the dividends paid
thereon to the United States.
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the payment of Richard Ro-
bertson, of Madison county, Alabama, of the value
of a horse lost in the service of the United States
during the Creek war of 1813 and 1814.
On motion of Mr. TROTTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post road from the
town of Hernando, m the State of Mississip-
pi, by way of Cartleville, Oakhill, and Chulaho-
ma, to the town of Wyatt, in said State.
The bill to prohibit the giving or accepting a
challenge in the District of Columbia to fight a
duel, and for the punishment thereof.
This bill having had its third reading—
Mr. CLAY said he had taken no part in the dis-
cussion which had been going on in relation to this
matter, not however from any indisposition on his
part to do all that he could to aid'in the very lau-
dable objects contemplated by the bill. No man
would be happier than himself to see the whole
barbarous system forever eradicated. It was well
known, that in certain quarters of this country,
public opinion was averse to duelling, and no man
could fly in the face of that public opinion, -with-
out having his reputation sacrificed; while there
were other portions again vyhich exacted obedience
to the fatal custom. The man with a high sense
of honor, and nice sensibility, when the ques-
tion is whether he shall tight cr have the finger of
scorn pointed at him, is unable to resist, and few,
very few, are found willing to adopt such an alter-
native. When public opinion was renovated, and
chastened by reason, religion and humanity, the
practice of duelling would at once be discounte-"
nanced. It was the office of legislation to i'o all
it could to bring about this healthful state of the
public n.ind, and although it might not altogether
effect so desirable a result, yet he had no doubt it
would do much towards it, and with those views,
he would give his vote for the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD asked for the yeas and nays
on the passage; which were ordered, when there
appeared for the bill 34, against it 1, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Clay
of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky Clayton, Davis,
Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McKean, Merrick, Mouton, Niles, Norvel!, Pren-
tiss, Roane, Robbins, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith
of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Strange, Swift,
Tipton, Trotter, Walker, Wall, White, Williams,
Wright, and Young—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Sevier—I.
The following bills also were severally read the
third time and passed:
The bill to amend the act entitled an act for
quieting possessions, enrolling conveyances, and
