CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
297
by Mr   Wise, to  reconsider the vote laying this
subject on the table
Mr. WISE then gave notice of the motion he
should make, if this should prevail.
Mr. MASON of Ohio moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the tabte
Mr. WISE a^ked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered
Mr. ADAMS said he would show the gentleman
from Virginia, that the question of abohtion was
intimately involved in this, as well as that of a
change of tne seat of Government.
Mr. WISE replied that it was the Abolitionists
■who sought to retain the District for their own pur-
poses, and it behooved Southern men to take the
ground tor retrocession in order, thereby, to destroy
the last hopes ol the Abolitionists
The motion was decided in. the affirmative—
yeas 82, navs 63
Mr. WHITTLESEY ol Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Nathaniel Mitchell
Mr. HARLAN, f-om the Committee on Pnvate
Cla'ms, reported Senate bill, to provide tor the is-
suing of patents for certain 1,'ndo at Green Eav,
Wisconsin Termor), wita a recommendation that
it do not pass
Mi. McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill concerning the Western
tiontier
Mr. McKAY also reported adversely on a reso-
lution directing an inquiry in relation to the pay of
volunteers called into the service  ef the Unite
State , which was laid on the table.
Mr JONES, from the Committee on the Terri-
tories, reported a bill for making an appropriation
tor a compilation of the lav s of Florida.
DIVO ICE Or THE   GOVTRNMLNT AND TIIC PR* S3
The House then resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted some time since by
Mr Hofkivs, of Virginia
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of
five members, be appointed, whose duty it shall be
to make a faithful and comprehensive investigation
into all such abuses as may exist m the administra-
tion of thj legislative branch of the Federal Go-
vernment, with a view to the speedy correction of
the same by the adoption of such a system of íe-
lorm and retrenchment tn the contingent expenses
thereof as the public good may require; and that
the said committee be instructed also to inquire
into the expediency of divorcing, by law, the Go-
vernment liom the public piess, by prohibiting, in
iuture, every officer thereof, in his official capacity,
from employing amy conductor of a political jour-
nal to execute any portion of the public printing.
Mr. BOND resumed his remarks in support of
¡he resolution, and again continued till the expira-
t son of the time devoted to morning business
Mr. WISE begged leave to propound an inquiry
to the gentleman liom Ohio, [Mr. Hamer,] viz.
when he proposed to call up the resolution laid on
the table by turn some days since.
Mr. HAMER was about to respond, when
Mi  PLTRIKIN lose and objected.
Mr WISE accordingly raovtd a suspension of
the rules, but the House leiu^ed—ayes 86, noes
54, not two thirds.
The SPEAKER, laid before the House a com-
mun.cati m from the Acting Secretary of War,
transm tting a report from the Commanding Gene-
ral ot the Army, in answer to Ihe inamry whether
any Seminole Indians coming in under a flag of
truce, or were brought m by the Cherokee Indians,
had been made prisoners by General Jesup.
On motion o  Mi   BRIGGS, laid on the table
NAVAL SERVICE.
The "bt'l making appropriations foi the naval
saivice of the United Slates for ihe year 1838," was
taken up on it  third reading
Mr. MALLORY, without intending to open
agua the discussion on this bill, for the wants ol
the service requited its passage, but in consequence
of what had been said yesterday in. reference to
the character of a distinguished officer, felt con-
strained to cause a vindicatory statement from that
gentleman to be read. Mr. M. then sent the pa-
per from Com. Jones to the Clerk's table, which
was Bead to Ihe House.
The statement went on to throw the whole blame
of the failure of the Exploring Expedition on the
Secretary of the Navj, ascribing the failure chiefly
to three radical causes.
1.  The inability of the Navy Commissioners to
fit out the Macedonian in time.
2.  The want of confidence displayed towards the
commander of the proposed squadron, ihe continued
opposition made to almost every thing proposed by
him, the indefinite and unsettled pl.ns of the Secre-
tary of the Navy, the repeated changes in his own
plans, &c
3 The semi-official and confidential correspon-
dence and intercourse carried on by the Secretary
of the Navy with junior officers of the navy, &c.
Mr M. then went over a review of the facts and
circumstances co mected with the Exploring Expe-
dition, sustaining the positions assumed by Com
Jones, by a reference to such documents as had
been laid before Congress.
Mr. M. disclaimed being opposed to such an
expedition, if properly oigamzed , but he was
opposed to the present one, from the plan by which
it was intended to bt, carried on,and he could not
agree with those who thought it a light matter to
set aside the law, the rules of the servic, by plac-
ing a junior officer ovei the heads of upwards ol a
hundred ol his seniors It was a violation ofrank,
and consequently a violation of ngnt, and it was
to obviate this, that he had submitted the proviso,
offered by htm yesterday, though he had nothing
to object to the character of Lieutenant Wilkes.
Mr HOFFMAN explained, that though the
seivice contained m the list many, both his juniors
as well as semois. fully competent to conduct this
expedition, yet he meant to say that Mr Wilkej,
was pre-eminently qualihe 1 for it, and he insisted
that the appointmentment of that gentleman did
not violate the rule of seniority, sanee the rule
only applied m tims of war A selection foi a
command like this should be made with uftrenco
to the scientific acquirements, as well as to nautical
ability, and he instanced the cases of Captain
Cooke, who was made ,i Lieutenant foi the pur-
pose, ol Captain Ro-s, who u as r hosen to command
the expedition to the North Po'e, «hile only a com-
mander, and of Parry, who, like Cotke, was com-
missioned a Leulenantfor the second voyage to
the North Pole The British admiralty passed
overall the senior officer*, m these cases, and no
complaint was ever made by then
Mr WISE insistid that the appointment of
Lieutenant Wilkes did disp u i¿e those who were
higher on the list than himself But Mr. W un-
derstood that Lieutenant Wilkes had not been se-
lected in consequence ol his pie-eminenl scientific
attainment, or his peculiar fitness, but because he
had pledged hunsell to dismiss a part of the scien-
tific corps, who wore obnoxious to the Department,
and Mr. W. asked for some mfoimation ol his
fnend from New York on ihis point.
Mr HOFFMAN could only sa> that such a re-
poit had never reached him
Mr WISE would not vouch for the truth of this
charge, but it had reached him from a íespec able
source, and such a rumor prevailed among a branch
of the service Mr. W understood that Mr Rey-
nolds, who had done so much in getting up this ex-
pedition, was to be dismissed
Mr HOFFMAN lelt it due to state that it was
Lieut Wilkes's opinion that the scientific corps, at
proposed, was laiger than was necessary, and also
that a portion of them could be selected from the
navy itself. Mr H himself shsnld íegret the dis-
mission of Mr Rejnolds, and hoped it would not
take place. Of the charge alluded to, he again ex-
pressed his ignorance
Mr INGHAM remarked that it was the uni-
versal opinion that the scientific corps should be
reduced. Indeed, it was apparent to every one
at all conversant with the expedition, that it must
be too large, because the corps had been originally
organized wi'h reference to a squadion twice as
large as that now contemplated Mr I could not
bring himself to believe that the Secretary of War
(who hadmade the appointment) had entered into
any such a combination, as that alluded to by Mr.
Wise.
Mi. WISE had not brought a charge, nor stated
that such a combination had existed, but that it
was believed by ssome attached to the scientific
corps that the opinion of Lieut. Wilkes, that the
corps should be reduced, was the peculiar fitness
that led to his appointment, rather than his skill
and courage.
Mr. BOON said no admendment had been pro-
posed to the bill, and all that had been said, was
merely explanatory of what had been said by gen-
tlemen on yesterda}, and, therefore, a continuance
of this kind of discussion was not calculated to
shed any new light upon the subject. The gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] had said that
while many of thos„ who stood opposed in politics
might be compelled to vote for extravagant appro
priationi, the Administration would beheld respon-
sible for the whole amount of public expenditure.
Sir, [said Mr B ] I, for one, as one of the friends
and supporters of the Administration, will not
shrink from my share of responsibility And I
will tell gentlemen of the Opposition, that there is
another responsibility that they will be held ac-
countable foi, and that is, for the waste of time
and money m making Opposition speeches, which
would cost more money than the amount of ap-
propriation that may be involved, and for th'u
voting for the appropriation, with perhaps one or
two exceptions, as was the case on the appropria-
tion to defray the expenses of the Florida war.
Mr B. concluded his remarks by a demand lor the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, 68 to 64,
the mam question ordered, put, and agreed to with-
out a division.
So the bill was passed.
RED RIVER«RAFr.
The "bill making an appropriation (of $70,000)
for the removal of the great raft on Red river,"
was also read a third time, and passed.
CUMBERLAND ROAD;
The Hou>e then took up, on ib third rtadmg,
the "bill making appiopnations tor continuing the
Cumberland road in the S'ates ef Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois, and lor other pmposes "
The question was on concurring with the Com
mittee oí the Whole in an additional section, mak-
ing appropriations for guard fences on the road
east of the Ohio, for widening the road leading
down Laurel Hill, etc
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved to recommit the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, with
nstructions to report a bill ceding the Cumberland
road to the States through which it pisses west ot
the Ohio, as had been done m reference to that part
of it east of the river, and asked for the yeas and
nays thereon
This pioposition was sustained by Messrs UN-
DERWOOD and CAMPBELL of South Carolina
Mr. BOON said he was not a little surprised at
the remarks which had ju^t fallen from the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood ] That
gentleman had declared that he considered any
system of internal improvement by the General
Government as being now entirely defunct' This
Mr B was sorry to heai from a profesad friend ol
the measare, as he had not expected to hear such a
declaration fiom any member of a party in politics
who claim to be the exclusive friends and support-
ers of all the great interests of the country. I, con-
tinued Mr. B stand upon this question, at this
time, piecisely as I did when I first came to Con-
gress in the year 1325. I was then, as 1 am now,
in favor of a pioper system of internal improve-
ments by the Geneial Government But it seems
that the gentleman from Kentucky has changed his
views in refeience to this subject, and he has very
lrankly slated his reasons for having done so, ini I
was pleased to hear him come out aiid avow his
futuie objects in terms so bold and manly as he has
done on this occasion
The gentleman Horn Kentucky now proposes to
cede the National road, in its present unfinished
state, to the States Inrough which the same may
run, to he completed by the States respectively, and
declares that he is m favor of distributing the whole
of the proceeds arising from the sales oí the public
lands among the twenty-six States of this Union,
lor the purpose of enabling the States respectively
to make their own works of internal improvement.
