304
CONGRESSI0HAL GLOBE.
Mr. SIBLEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting a pension to Phosbe Weeks.
Mr. MERCER, from the Committee on Roads
and Cajgils, reported, with sundry amendments,
Senate bijl making appropriations for the construc-
tion, of certain roads in the Territory of Wisconsin.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina, on leave,
submitted the following resolution, which was
agreed to-
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
La ds be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of abolishing land districts m the United States, the
receipts fiom which do not authorize their longei
continuanoe.
The SPEAKER laid befoie the House a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, tiansmittmg
returns of export ., imports, manutactuies, <S,c, in
the States and Temtoneb during the commercial
year up to September last
On motion of Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, laid
on the table.
Also, a commun.cation from the Postmaster
General, transmitting statements of all contract?,
other than the regular contracts, and for 'he express
mail, during the past yeai
On motion of Mr BRIGGS laid on the table
PRIVATE ORDERS.
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole, Mr. ATHERTON m the chair, and took
up and considered the following bills, those giving
rise td debate being passed over, and most of the
others being informally consideied, to be discussed
in the House
1. Bill for the relief of Patrick Green
2   Bill for the relief of John Hollmsworth.
3   Bill for the íelief of William James Aarons.
4.  Bill for the relief of William Walker.
5.   Bill for the relief of James A. Williams.
6   Bill for the relief of Abraham Woodall.
7    Bill for the íehef of Nathan, Peter, and Wil-
liam Adams, deceased.
8.  Bill for the relief of the administrator of
Wharton Cluailes, deceased.
9.  Bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. Thomas
Carter
10  Bill for the relief of Crawford Johnston
A large number of bills having been objected to
and laid aaide on the ground of embracing pay-
ment for interest, Mr ALLEN ol Vermont, Mr
CTJSHMAN of New Hampshire, and others ob-
jecting, and several ineffectual attempts for the
committee to rise and rescind the restrictive order
of this morning—
Mr WISE declared that he should object to all
the other bills
A motion was then made for the committee to
rise, but no quorum voting, the committee rose, the
SPEAKER resumed the Chair, and the Chairman
[Mr. Athb-rton] reported that fact to the House.
Mr. ADAMS then moved a call of the House,
when a quorum appearing, the House again went
into committee.
Mr. EWING then moved that the committee
rise, report progress, and ask lea\e to sit again,
which was agreed to.
The SPEAKER having resumed the Chair,
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio moved that the
order adopted this morning, for the exclusion of bills
giving rise to debate, be rescinded.
Mr ADAMS moved a call of the House, and
asked for the yeas and nays, but they were refuted,
as well as the motion for a call
Mr. A. expressed a wish to have the motion laid
on the journal, and gavp notice that he should re-
new the motion to-day, every time it was in order
Mr WISE, in pursuance of that notice, he said,
moved an adjournment.
Mr BRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays, but
they were refused, as was the motion to adjourn
Mr. ADAMS then renewed his motion for a call
of the House, and for the jeas and nays, which
were ordered. Mr. A. explained his object to be
to get a quorum to do business, for it was dis-
creditable to the House that they could not keep a
quorum together to do the business of the nation.
Mr. WISE then renewed the motion to adjeurn
lost.
The question was then taken on a call of the
House, and decided in the negative—yeas 62,
nays 98.
The special order was then rescinded without a.
division, and the House again went into commit-
tee, Mr. LYON in the Chair.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Nourse, and the
bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard and others
were severally passed over.
The "bill for the relief of John Holhnsworth"
was again taken up, and discussed at some length
by Mi. BOND m opposition, and hy Mr. CHAP-
MAN and Mr. POPE m its suppoir, when, on
taking the question of reporting the bill to the
House, without amsndment, the vote was ayes 54,
noes 23, no quorum, the committee rose and re-
ported tint fact to the House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved a call of the House,
which was ordered, and proceeded in till 140 mem-
bers had answered to their names, when the doors
were closed.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the names of the ab-
sentees be lecorded on the journal
The CHAIR stated that, under the íule, this
was alwav s done.
Mr CHAPMAN moved that the further pio-
ceedings of the call be dispensed with.
Mr ADAMS inquired if the House should now
dispense, whether the names of the absentees would
go on the journal
The CHAIR lephed that the list of absentees, up
to the stage of the proceedings when the doors
weie closed, always went on the journal
The loll was again calledover, and excuses ten-
dered for a number of gentlemen, pending which,
ineffectual efforts were made to dispense with the
call by Mr MORGAN, Mr. WISE, and Mr.
CAMPBELL, when, after the roll had been again
gone through,
Mr DROMGOOLE renewed the motion, and it
prevailed—ayes 98—noes not counted, and then,
On motion of Mi. DAWSON,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Pridav, April 13, 1838
The VICE PRESIDENT sommumcated a report
fiom the Post Office Department, containing a state-
ment of all land and water mails established withm
the year preceding 1st July, 1837, and other than
annual letungs and express mails; made in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Señale
On motion of Mr. ROBINSON, it was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roado, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKEAN presented eight memorials, of
similar purport, signed by 867 citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, piaymg that the alleged treaty of New
Echota, made wilh the Cheiokee nation of Indians,
may not be enforced contrary to the wishes of the
tribe  laid on the table
Mr. BUCHANAN presented several memorials,
signed by 1100 oi 1200 citizens of Ptnnsylvama,
on the same subject, and a memorial from the citi-
zens of Lancaster ro Pa on the subject of duel-
ling, which were also laid on the table.
Mr MOUTON presented the petition of Robert
McCausland and the legal representatives of Mark
McCausland, which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of Samuel
Hilton, of the District of Columbia, prayiny remu-
neration for pioperty destioyed during the last war
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. R. also presented the petition of Richard
Pool, praying remuneration for services during the
last war referred to the same committee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
the heirs of Richard K. Meade; which was leferred
to the Committe on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
widow of John L. Van Brun; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed
The bill for the relief of Thomas Cooper.
The bill for the relief of Philip Marshall, and
the legal representatives of John Marshall.
The bill for the relief of Christopher Clark; and
The bill for the relief of Elias Johns.
PUBLIC LANDS.
The bill providing for the reduction and gradu-
ation of the price of the public lands was read the
third time; when
Mr. CALHOUN said, as the bill was now oa
its passage, he was desirous of stating, in a hw
words, the reasons which would govern him.
The bill was certainly liable but to little objec-
tion as to the details; but he could not give it his
support. He felt satisfied that we had arrived at
the period when one of two courses of policy
ought to be pursued in i elation to the pubh
lands—either to adhere rigidly to the laws, as they
now stand, without making any material change,
or to make a cession of them to the new States
within whose limits they are respectively situated,
on terms mutually satisfactory. It cannot be dis-
guised, that the extent of interest involved in the
public domain is too great, and the parties inte-
rested too powerful and influential, to permit the
laws which regulate and dispose of the public
lands to be the subject of frequent changes. Nu-
merous and populous as those States have new be-
come, (at which he rejoiced,) it was impossible
to prevent this mighty stake from being thrown
into the paity struggles of the day, and from
having a most pernicious effect on our politics, so
long as they are under our control, unless we
should abstain altogether from touching them,
which he found was impossible.
It was well known that, under this impres-
sion, he was m favor of ceding them to the
States, as the only practicable remedy against the
evil he apprehended, and that under it he had intro-
duced a bill to cede them. He hoped that the
Committee on Public Lands would call up the bill
at an eaily day. He was prepared to give it his
best aid, and he did hope it would receive the sanc-
tion of the Senate. In the mean time, he should
feel it to be his duty to vote against all measures
which provided for any material change m the
land laws, as they now stood.
Mr BUCHANAN said he had intended, yester-
day, to have stated, in a brief manner, his objec
tions to the passage of this bill, but was prevented
by the lateness of the hour. He should avail him-
self to-day of the opportunity to perform this duty,
because he chose to place his vote on grounds
somewhat peculiar to himself, and which he deemed
firm and tenable.
Mr B had, upon former occasions, always op-
posed the graduating principle contained in this
bill; but he admitted that this was no conclusive
reason why he should always continue to oppose it.
We had recently heard much upon this floor on
the subject of consistency. For his own part, he
was far from considering it, in all cases, to be a
political virtue. To assume that a man has never
had íeason to change his opinion, was to suppose
that he had been at first a pure emanation of wis-
dom, springing perfect like Minerva from the head
oí Jove. All the lights of experience, all the vast
improvements of the present age, were lost upon
such an unchangeable being. He [Mr B.] laid
no claim to such infallibility, and when his opi-
nions upon any subject had really changed, he
trusted he shculd always have the manliness to
make the avowal. He bad accordingly re-ex-
amined and reconsidered the question of gradua-
tion, and that, too, not without a desire to unite
with his Western friends, but he yet remained un-
convinced.
What had been the operation of our present
land system at the minimum price of one dollar
and twenty-five cents per acre' The best lands
had always been entered the first at that price,
whilst their settlement and improvement had given
additional value to those which remained of an in-
ferior quality. These inferior lands in succession
had come into demand, and had been sold at the
same rate. The country had thus been giadually
settled and improved, and land* of a second and
third rate quality had thus become a better bargain
to the purchasers, at the minimum price, thin the
first rate lands originally were
He admitted that, in all the new States, unless
Illinois might be an exception, large bodies of re>
