306                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.              V*"': r{-v '"
---------------;---------                             ...........-----------             ,     r-,                                    .....                                      .   ,,    ,                 ........,    ..........•              ,.     n~*   ,,...^ --.....<■
hereafter absent himself from the service of the
Senate, unless detained from his seat by sickness;
and that the proper officer of the Senate certify the
compensation due to Senators, in conformity to this
resolution, and to the statement of each Senator, in
writing, at the close of the session, upon ths sub-
ject.
Mr. LINN desired to know how the Senator
meant to ascertain the sickness or indisposition of
Senators: what was to be the test in relation to it?
Mr. KING said, during his pnblie life he had
never lost more than two days save from sicknsss.
He was not prepared to vote, however, for the
resolution. The law in relation to the subject was
imperative in itself; and if they were governed by
Hie law, what could they gain by the resolution? If
the tew was insufficient, could we expect the reso-
lution to effect what the law could not? Beside*,
it implied a censure upon individuals. Senators,
as honorable men, were bound, in settling their
accounts, to make a deduction for the number of
days they were absent, and it was presumed they
would do so; but how was the Secrejary to ascer-
tain the absence of any Senator unless upon his
own admission? The Senator might be at the De-
partments attending to his public duties, or lie may
have stepped into a committee room on matters
connected with his Senatorial duties. And was he
then to be considered absent? Mr. K. thought the
Senator from Michigan, on reflection, would with-
draw his resolution. He [Mr. K.] had no doubt
but the Senator was actuated by the most laudable
motives in introducing it; but as he deemed the
Jaw and the rule ample in themselves, he would
feel bound to oppose the resolution even as mo-
dified.
Mr. NORVELL said he was actuated by no
other motive, in offering the resolution, than to
insure by it a prompt attendance at the Senate
chamber, for the despatch of the public business.
This resolution, if adopted, would have a tendency
to enforce the laws, and all he desired w«s a simple
vote on the subject, and on which he should ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. WHITE said all who witnessed his career
in public life would bear him out in the assertion,
that he was neither inattentive to his public duties,
or negligent in his attendance, either in the com-
mittee rooms, or the Senate chamber; hut he must
object to the resolution from a reason different
from any that bt had yet heard assigned. That
document seemed to take for granted that a Sena-
tor has the right to be absent, provided he relin-
quished bis pay for that time. Now, this was a
doctrine which he never could admit. It was pre-
sumed, when we were sent here, that we were at
least worthy of our seats, and he should so act as
to show that the confidence inspired in us was not
misplaced, which would certainly be thecal, if we
chose to neglect our public duties when wc pleased,
on surrendering the per diem. He thought it as
much a matter of duty-for him to stay and vote, as
he did to vote right, according to the dictates of his
conscience. If a Senator staid away to the preju-
dice of ihe public business, we had a right to send
after him, and compel his attendance whether wil-
ling or not. Mr. W. would oppose the resolution,
therefore, on the ground that it implied the right to
be absent when payment was surrendered, a doc-
trine directly at variance with the usefulness of all
legislative bodies.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he could not vote
for the resolution for another reason; and that was,
that absence from the Senate implied neglect of
public duties, which he was by no means willing to
admit. He would undertake to say that he did in-
finitely more in his room than he did in the Senate
chamber; for he was at work there night and day,
cither reading, digesting, or preparing matters con-
nected with his public duties. This was the 32d
year since his entrance into public life; and in all
¡hat period, he had lost less time from the public
business, eithpr by sickness, or from any other
cause, than any man so long engaged in public life.
In December, 1832, Mr. C. said he was absent; but
it was while a highly important measure was to be
brought about, m the prosecution of which he was
¡is much engaged as though he had been present
in the Senate chamber. To presume a Senator,
beeause not in his place, to be inattentive to his
public duties, was what he could not admit; and he
would go further, and say that the public business
would be often expedited by attending more at
home, or in the committee rooms. Besides, did not
the Senator from Michigan see, under his resolu-
tion, that if a Senator was absent from any cause
connectad with his public duties, that the little,
missiable pittance of pay was withheld; and did he
not also see that if persons were so disposed, that
th:i miserable modicum of money would have no
influence in refraining him? He hoped the Senator
would withdraw his resolution, or suffer, it to lie on
the table.
Mr. NORVELL said, the doctrines held forth by
some of the Senators would go towards dispensing
with all law and rule whatever. Because the Se-
nate was an honorable and respectable body, was
it to be taken for granted that its members could
not err in absenting themselves? Hadwenoioften
seen the public business delayed (or want of a quo-
rum, or bills defeated from non-attendance of mem-
bers'! All he would say further was, that he could
not justify himself to his constituents on such pleas.
As there appeared so many, however, opposed to the
measure, be would withdraw it.
The resolution was accordingly withdrawn.
Mi. WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the selection of
a section of land as therein named, and a bill to
confirm certain purchases of public lands under the
act of the 19th June, 1S34; which were severally
read, and ordered to a second reading.
The following bills were severally read the se-
cond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
The bill for the relief of Winthrop Sears.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Sumpter.
The bill for the relief of James Callan.
The bill for the relief of Ann "W. Johnson.
The bill for the relief of James McMahon.
The.bill for the relief of Pierre Menard.
The bill for the relief of Curtis Grubb.
The bill for the relief of Patrick McGibbony.
The bill for the relief of Alexander C. Morgan.
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Elliott.
The bill for the relief of Charles F. Keller and
Henry Stone.
The bill for the relief of Moses Merrill.
The bill for the relief of John Wilson,
The bill for tbe relief of Freeman Brady.
The bill for the relief of James L. Renner.
The bill for ih  relief of Ferdinand Clark.
The bill to refund to the Georgia Railroad and
Banking company the duties paid by them on im-
posed railroad iron.
The bill to refund certain duties on railroad iron
paid by the New York and Harlem Railroad com-
pany.
The hill to establish a pension agency at Mont-
pelier, Vermont.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Tyler and
others.
The bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Co!. Albert Pawling, deceased.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Robert White, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Francis L. B. Goodwin.
The bill for the relief of Michael Ambrister.
The bill for the relief of William Coggswell.
The bill for.the relief of H. W. Russell.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and represen-
tatives of Capt. John Fuliord.
The bill for the relief of Hugh McDonald.
The bill for the relief of D. W, Healy.    •
After the consideration of Executive business, the
Senate adjourned over to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, April 14, 1838.
On motion of Mr.  EVANS, Mr. SMITH of
Maine had leave of absence from the service of the
House from and after the first of May next.
THE LATE DUEL.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, on leave, presented sundry
petitions ob the subject of the late duel.
Mr. WILLIAMS of New Hampshire presented
a petition of Caleb Rix and others, for the expul-
sion of those engaged in the late duel.
Mr. PECK of New York also presented peti-
tions on the same subject.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. EVERETT, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill supplementary to the ac| to
regulate trade and interceurse with the- Indiaa
tribes, and to preserve peace on the ftoüíier, ap-
proved 30th June, 1834.
Mr. EVER'ETT, on leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution:                    '             ■
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to law before this House a statement of the amount
paid, and the amount of arrears, on account of the
expenses of the Seminole war, and an estimate of
the sum necessary, in addition to former appropria-
tions, to pay such arrears, and carry on said war
until the first day of June next.
Mr, E. asked'for the consideration of the resolu-
tion at this time, but,Mr. PETRIKIN objecting,
Mr. E. moved a suspension of the rule, but tha
House refused, only 69 voting in the affirmative, so
the resolution lies over, under the rule.
On motion,of Mr. HAYNES,.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of establishing a,mail route from Wash-
ington, in Georgia, by the way of Ray Town and
Powellton, to Sparta, in said State.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS of Tennessee,
Resolved, That the Committee on Coiámerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing a port of entry at Memphis, in the State of
Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. LYON, the map accompany,
ing the report of Gen. Gaines on the defence of the
Western frontier, was ordered to be lithographed.
'   Mr. FRY, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, reported the following, viz:
1. Bill granting a pension to Helen Miller of
New York.
3. Bill granting a pension to Thornton Cornell
of Rhode Island.
Mr. MORGAN, from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports in the casts of David Kronk-
lute, William Neel, and Roger Halcomb.
DIVORCE OF THE GOVERNMENT AND THE PRESS
Mr. BOND then resumed, and concluded his re-
marks in support of the resolution of Mr. Hopkins
of Virginia, to disconnect the public press from
the patronage of the Government.    *
Mr. HOPKINS gave-notice that, on Monday
next, he should move the consideration of Mr. Ha-
meii's resolution, and hoped there would be a full
attendance of the House.
The House then passed to the orders of the day,
and bills of the Senate were read twice and re-
ferred.
The bill to extend the charter of the Union Bank
of Georgetown, was read the third time and passed.
PRIVATE ORDERS.
The House went into Committee of the Whole,
Mr. LYON in the Chair, on the bills on the pri-
vate calendar, and considered the following bills:
1.  The bill for the relief of Jehu Hollinsworth:
[amended.]
2.  Bill for the relief of William James Ándrous:
[amended.]
3. Bill for the relief of Joel Chandler: [amended.]
4.  Bill for the relief of James A. Williams,
[amended.]
5.  Bill for the relief of Abraham Woodall:
[amended.]
6.  Bill for the relief of Patrick Green.
7.   Bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of the late Dr. Philip Turner, deceased.
This was a case of the allowance of interest
upon commutation pay which had, in the first in-
stance, been rejected by the accounting officer, but
subsequently allowed by Congress. On this ground
the interest was claimed.
The bill was opposed ,by Mr. ALLEN of Ver-
mont, and supported by Messrs. CRAIG, TALIA-
FERRO, and UNDERWOOD; when
Mr. ALLEN moved to strike out the enacting
clause, which was agreed to—ayes 66, noes 61.
8.  Bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Dr. Absalom Baird, deceased.
Mr. ALLEN also moved to strike" out the enact-
ing clause of this bill, which was agreed to without
a division.   •
9.  BillfortherelieJof Robert Wilmot. .{Same
motion prevailed.]
