CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
Greensborough, in North Carolina, to Wylhe C.
H. in Viigima.
On motion of Mr. OWENS,
Resohed, That the Committee on Manufactutes
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
funding to the steamboat company of Georgia the
duties paid by them on the importation of iron for
the building of steamboats, which they applied to
Congress to be allowed to import free of duty, and
which application was refused
Mi CUSHING submitted the following resolu-
tion
Resolved That he Secretary of the Tieasurv be
dirpcted to inform this House whether a ceitun
letter, bearing his signature and the date of the
18th March, 1838, which has appeared in the pub-
lic papéis, and which purports to make known the
purpose ot the Treasur, Depaitment m relation to
the receipt and disbursement ot the piomtssory
notes of the State banks by the Federal Govern-
ment is authentic or not, and, if it be, to communi-
cate to the House a copy of the same, and also
copies of any and every other ofhcial letter of his
on the same subject matter, and that he be funnel
directed to report to the House the views and inten-
tion of the Depaitment m the premises, and the
measures adopted, and to be adopted, in execution
thereof.
The resolution, undei the rule, would he over
one day
Mr. C moved its consideration now, but the
Hoive refused
Mr SOUTMGATE offered the following lesolu-
tion, which, undei the rule, lies ovtr one day
Resolved, Thai the Secretary of the Treasury
transmit to Congress the names ot all receivers,
collectors and disburscrs ot the public money, in
office on the first day of January, 1838, w ho were
in default to the G u eminent at that period, desig-
nating the amount of each respective liability
On motion of Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS ol
Tennessee,
Resohed, That the Commute on Pabhc Lands
inquite into ihe expediency of indemnifying the
citizens of that section of the country commonly
called The Ship, (embracing that part ot the State
of Temiessp souih of Winchester line,) lor the inju-
ry they received by a disregard, on the part of the
Government, of the treaty of 1818, in disposing of
the lands m said county for the benefit of the
Chickasaw Indians, contrary to the piovisions ol
said treity
On motion of Mr. J L WILLIAMS of Ten-
nessee,
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Indian AfTans
inquire into the propriety oí íepurting a bill pio-
viding the rate of compensation due to such war
nors of the Cherokee tube of Indians as «ere
wounded in the service of the United States, pur-
suant fo the fouiteenthailicle ot the trtaty between
the United States and said tribe, concluded the 29th
December, 1835, and ratified 23d May, 1836
Mr S WILLIAMS submitted the following re-
solution, which, under the rule, lies on the table
Resolved, Thit the Comu lttee ol Ways and
Means be instructed lu repent a Did making it un-
lawful foi the Secretar) of the Treasury, or any
other ofBcei of this Government, to continue in
force or make any general or special ordei making
a distinction or discrimination in the medium or
kind of currency in which the different blanches of
the revenne (either from the sales of the publ c
land-!, or from any other somce) of the United
fetates shall be collected
On motion of Mr C. SHEP IRD of North Ca-
rolina,
Resohed, That the Secretary of the Navy be re-
quired to transmit to this House the examination
and survey of the harbor of Beaufort, North Caro-
lina, au'honzed by thp act of Maich, 1837, or to
inform the House why the act has not been carried
into effect
On motion of Mr J JOHNSON oi Virginia,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings lay befoie fb'S House a copy of all the
contracts made in his office ji the >ear 1837, eithei
¡or materials furnished, or to be furnished, or for
Jabor performed, or to be performed, and the names
of all the applicants for the said contracts, and the
amount of their bids respectively, and that he make
a similar report to this House at the beginning of
each sessiOii of Congress.
Mr. FILLMORE sub-rutted the following reso-
lution, which, under the rule, lies over
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be directed to report a bill allowing any of-
ficer and soldier entitled to bounty lands, who has
not received a patent for the same, to locate them
on any lands belonging to the United States, sub-
ject to private entry, and that they also inquire
into the expediency of allowing ajjy one who has
received his patent for bounty lands to surrender
the same, and locate the same quantity upon any
lai ds subject to private entry.
On motion of Mr. GRANT,
Resohed, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be directed to inquire into the expediency
of granting a pension to Samuel Philips, of Oswe-
go county, m the State of New Yoik, a soldier in
the Revolutionary war
Mr   HOPKINS offered the following
Considering the business, commerce, circulation,
and exchanges, of the country, are in a deranged
and embarra*sed condition, and considering, also,
that a part of the banks ot the United States have
expressed a desire to resume specie payments at an
early period
Reiohed by the Senate and House of Rep estntatnes
of the United Stales ofJlmeriea Ml Congress assembled,
That if the banks, or a portion ot them, do thus
resume, it will be the duty of the General Govern-
ment, within the limits ot its constitutional autho-
rity, to aid such banks in regaining public confi-
dence, and to sustain them in their laudable efforts
to fulfil their obligations, to relieve the wants of the
community, and to restore to the people a sound
circulating medium.
Mr H stated th-t this was literally a copy of
Mr Hmwer's resolution, and he gave notice that,
as soon as the Slates were called thiough,he should
move us consideration
On motion of Mr T B JACKSON,
Reiolved, Tint the Committee on the Post Office
an I Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
cxpcdioicy of establishing a mail tome from East
Hampton to Amagansett, Suffolk county, in the
Si itc of New York
Oi motion of Mr. CURTIS,
Resohed, That the Postmaster General be re-
quested to mloim this House what number of fail-
uiesin the arrival at the New Yoik Post Office
have o„rurred in respect to the Express mail be-
tween New Orleans and New Yoik, since the first
day of Tanuary last
On motion of Mi  LYON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing a patent to issue to J A. Fleming,
(or tht west halt of the southwest quarter, .md the
southeast quarter of the northwest quarter, of sec-
tion ten, township six, range four east, in the St
Stephens district, according to a duplicate receipt
issued to him by the receiver of the public moneys
at St  Stephens.
On motion of Mr TA1RFIELD,
Resohed, That the Committee on Commerce be
msiru«tcd to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropuation to eiect a monument or beacon
on York Ledge, in the State of Maine
On motion of Mr CUSHMAN,
Rtsoked, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
confining the instruction hereafter to be given, at
the Military Academy at West Point, exclusively
to the elements and practice of civil and military
engineering
On motion of Mr T. W. WILLIAMS of N H
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to William Nute, a re-
volutionary soldier.
On motion of Mr LEWIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be lnstmoted to inqiuie into the expe-
dient y ol compensating Cummmgs and Spykeis,
merchants of Montgomery, tor the loss of two thou-
sand dollars by the robbery of the regular mail,
after they had paid postage on the said letter to be  '
carried by the Express mail, from Mobile to Mont-
gomery.
On motion of Mr JOHNSON of Louisiana,
Resolved,   That the  Committee on  the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making an appropriation for the purchase of
certain records belonging to Madame Pintado and
others, relating to the grants of lands in Louisiana
made by the Spanish   Government, whilst that
country was in possession of said Government
On motion of Mr BELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be directed to inquire into the expediency ot re-
funding to the Choctaw Indians the amount of the
claim allowed Joseph Bogy, bv the act of the 2d
July, 1836, and directed to be deducted from the
annuity payable to said Indians by treaty.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause a list of the officers of the
corps of engineers to be furnished to this House,
with the designation of the several fortifications.
ana other works at which each officer may have
been employed during the year 1837, specifying
the State and Territory where situated , also, what
military engineeis, if any, have been employed in
1837 on civil works of internal improvement, to
the exclusion or suspension of any work for the
defence of the country,   and if so, the reason
therefor, and what progress has  been  made  in
completing  the work called Fortress Monroe, in
Virginia, during the last two vears , and whether
any portion of the money appropriated to this fort
has been transferred to other works; if so, what
amount; to what work or works applied, and the
reasons therefor.
On motion of Mr. TILLINGHAST,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of extending the provisions of the pension law to&uch
surviving officers and soldiers ss rendered military
sei vice to the American cause in the war of the Re-
volution, by serving in America with the forces of
any power in alliance with the United Slates, and
have continued since the  termination of that war,
to be inhabitants of the United Slates.
On motion of Mr. BOULDIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of allowing additional compensation
to the Deputy Postmaster General at Baine's ta-
vern, Cumberland county, Va.
On motion of Mr. YORK,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of establishing a mail route from Poca-
hontas, Ark.  through the northern part of Green
county, to Stoddard Court House, Mo Also a mail
route from Jackson, via Longs on Sirewbury river,
to Athens, the county seat of Izaid  county, Ar-
kansas.
On motion of Mr. CLEVELAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
ond Post Roads be instructed to inquire into expe-
diency of establishing a post route from the city
of M&con, Bibb county, via Pine Level, Fort Val-
ley, Banlett, Macon Court House, to Ameiicus, m
Sumpter county, Ga
On motion of Mr. DEBERKY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency oi establishing  a post route from Faj -
etteville, N C up to the Cape Fear, on  the  we^f
side of M'Neill's Ferry,  thence crossing the nvei
to Blalock's store, in| the upper part of Cumber-
land county, thence to  Raleigh, from  thence  to
Johnson's    store,   in Johnson county, thence to
Dioughan's store, in Sampson county, thence to
Fayette ville.
On motion of Mr HAWKINS,                        <*
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the
expediency of establishing a post route fiom
Raleigh, m Ihe State of North Carolina, to Gray'1-
hill, m Washington county
On motion of Mr MONTGOMERY,
Resolved, That ihe Committee on ihe Post 0/ii< e
and Post R 'ads be instructed to inquire into thp ex-
pediency of establishing a  mail route fiom Iliilt.-
