CQN£REg£iGNAI* GLOBE.
311
log resolution, which, under the rule, lies on the
table:
Resolved, That a Comrftittee of------members be
appointed to inquire mto the expediency of pro-
posing «n amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, prohibiting any State mcorpera-
tmg banks or other incorporations from issuing and
circulating notes of the same or lower denomina-
tion of the highest denomination of the coin-, oí the
United St ltes
Mr HOPKÍNS asked the House to take up and
coriM ler the reso ution subm I'ei by him tl is morn-
ing, [Mr Ha-vilrs ]
Mi. PETRIKIN rose «ml objected
Mr. HOPKINS moved a suspension of the
rules.
Mr. CLARKE ol New York called for the >cas
and nay-, whic.i were ordered, and were, )eas Ufa,
nays 83
Not being two-thirds, the rules were not sus-
pended
Mr. NOYES, on leave, piesentcd certain resolu-
tions of one branch of the Legislature of Maine
on the subject of the currency, and moved then
printing.
The SPEAKER propounding the question as if
the resolutions had been frcm both branches—
Mr. FAIRFIELD said, as the Speaker had
named these resolutions as emanrlmg fiom the
Legislature of Maine, lie felt it to be his dut),
tnat no crioneous impression should be made upon
the Hou«<¡¡ in regard to them, to say, that the reso-
lutions are from one bianelionly oft.be Legislatuie
In the other blanch, the Senate, the lesululiun de-
nouncing the Sub-Treasury sys em as "aiti-Repub-
ican m its character, opposed to the best interests
of the community, and dangeious to the liberties
of the people," -n as modified by striking out "Sub-
Treasury system," and inser ins; a, „V«fi«iKiZ Bank.
Mr SMITH and Mr ANDERSON (onltrmed
theabo\e statement, a*.d made  ome additional
ones, when the papar was referred, and ordered to
be printed
Sundry bills Irom the Sena'e were then taken
up, re id twice, and referred
The amendment of the Senate to the "bill (01
the relief of Winthrpp Sears" was concuned m
The following bills were severally read the thud
time and passed
The b.I! lor the relief of Patrick Qieen of Mary-
land.
The bill for the i chef of John llolUiiswoith oí
Alabama
The bill for the relief ol William James Adrons
of Alabama
The bill for the íel ef ol William Walker of
Alabama
The bill for the íe'ief of Joel Chandlei of Ala-
bama
The bill for the rehel of Tames A. Williams oí
Alabama
The b II for t>>e íelj.f of Abiaham Woodill of
Alabama
INew'i for t'ie rol i Í of th hens oí Natian,
Peter, and William Aehuis, dee    -ed
On mod >n,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Movd \, Aprd 1C, 18 58.
The VICE PREbIDEI\T communicated to the
Senate a Ie'ter fiom the Sectetaiy ot tbeTreasui},
containing a rcpoit of the General Land Office in
relation to lands subject to sale at private entry for
twenty-five years and upwards laid on the table,
andordeied to be printed
Mr. McKEAN presented a remonstrance, signed
by certain citizens of Penu--\ Ivpma, against the
enforcement of the Cherokee treat} laid on the
l?bU
Mr NORVELL presented a jo,nt lP'Otulitm
f'omthe Logis'ature of Micnigan asking an apprt-
pnatk>n of 020,000 for the purp >se of erecting a
lighi-hou«e, electing ¡> pier, un 1 o'herww iroproi-
mg i\e harbor at the mou' s of Clinton ri< er in that
State.
Mr SWIFT presented i petition from certain
citizens of Vermont, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas, laid on th* table; also,
One from the same, quarier praying the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia. The mo-
tion to receive was laid on the table.
Mr. LYON piesented the petition of Joseph La-
ronger, praying compensation for certain bmldirgs
destrojed by the enemy during the last war with
Great Britain, in consequence of their occupation
by the United States troops
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a petition
from William Warden, an invalid pensioner, pray-
ing arrearages of his pension.
Also, from Leonard Stringer, in relation to the
ame referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr BAYARD presented a memorial flora sun-
dry citizens, owners and masters of vessels, of De-
laware, remonstrating against the division of that
State mto two collection districts, ordered to be
printed
Mi LINN presented the petition of Gilbert
Knappe, praying compensation for services as in-
spector of customs, &c. referred to the Committee
on Claims
Mr FULTON presented a resolution of the Le-
gislature of Arkansas, asking the passage of a law
of Congress to authorize a sale of the sixteenth sec-
tion of land in Chicot county, in that State: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which had been refened the petitions
of Richard Poole and Samuel Hilton, moved to be
discharged from the further consideration of the
same, which was concurred in
Mi WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, moved to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Bazil Brown, for
horses sold to a certain tribe of Indians. Mr W.
said that the committee had no doubt of the honesty
ol the claim, so far as to the horses being actually
dcln e'e'd to the Indians, but the commissioner in
the < a e, who w as authorized to negotiate the trea-
ty, wxs expressly directed to make no admissions
ol debts Also, to be discharged from the further
e iisulera ion of the petition ot Mr Beck, for guns
in tushed some Indians concurred in
Mi LINN, from the Committee on Puvate La d
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal re-
piesenti'tives of Philip Barbour, deceased, which
h is u'.id and ordered to a second reading.
Mi MOUTON, from the Commute on Private
I,i (1 Claims, reported a bill confirming certain
Icind chims in Louisiana, \\ Inch was read and or-
dere I to a second reading
On motion of Mr YOUNG,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Oihce
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency ol establishing a post íoute from Peona, m
the State ot Illinois, by way of Oceola, Thermopylae,
aivl Wapello, to Galena, and also fiom Oquauska,
on the Mississippi river, by way oí Monmouth,
Know ill , La Fayette, Oceolj, Piovidence, and
Wi id or, to Enteipiise, at the termination of the
Illinois and Michigan Canal, in said State.
Mr KING said he tose with a view to intro-
duce i resolution, calling the attention of Congress
to the umi* when the labois of the session ought to
be bio i,' t lo a close He knew by experience,
said Mi K that unless a day be fixed, the public
business is olten procrastinate 1, and ime wasted
¡n unpiofitable discussion, «inch ought to be more
piofitably employed More was done in one week
rfiPi the period of adjournment was known, than
in the ¡apse of thiee, where it was not With a
view, then, to call the attention of Congress to this
subject, he had prepared a l^so'ation fixing the pe-
rú d (or the first Monday in June next, which
would be the fourth of that month Mr K. said
he would let it lie on the tabie for the present, in
order that Senatois might consult together m rela-
tion to it, but avowed his determination to call it
up *t some reasonable day, with a view to decisive
actien upon it
Hesohed by Ike Señale and House of Representa-
tives of the Untted States of America t« Congress as-
iimbl'd, That the President of the Senate and
Speaker of the House of Representatives do ad-
join i their respective Houses on Monday, the 4th
ddy of June next.
The following bills were sevetally read a third
time and passed.
An act for the relief of James McMahon
An act for the rehef of Curtis Grubb.
An act for the relief of Alexander C. Morgaii
An act for the relief of Jonathan Elliot.
An act for the relief of John Wilson
An aet for the relief of Thenias Tyner and
others.
An act for the relief of James L Kenner.
An act for the relief of H. W. Russe!.
An act for the relief of Freeman Bradv.
An act for the relief of lame's Callan.
An act for the relief of D. W. Healey.
An act for the relief of Ann W. Johnson
An act for the relief of Wmthrop Sears.
A bill to refund to the Georgia Railroad and
Banking Company ceitain duties paid upon rail-
road iron.
A bill to refund certain duties upon railroad non,
paid by the New York and Harlem Railroad Com-
pany.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Sumpter
A bill for the relief cf the legal representatives of
Patrick McGibbony.
A bill for the lehef of Charles M. Keller and
Henry Stone.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Robert White.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Fiancij L. B.
Goodwin.
A bill forth; relief of Michael Ambrister
A bill for the relief of William Cogswell.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Capt. John Fulford.
The bill for the relief of E. W. and H. Smith,
was taken up, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SPECIAL ORDERS
The bill to prevent the issuing and circulation
of the bills, notes, and other securities, of corpora-
tions created by acts of Congress, which have ex-
pired, being taken up—
Mr GRUNDY rose and addressed the Senate
until 4 o'clock, when,
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the Senate went
into the consideration of Executive business, and
soon after
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, April 17, 1838.
After the reading of the Journal,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, remarked,
that having yesterday, under a misapprehension of
the question, voted against the consideration of a
resolution offered by a gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Hopkins,] he would, if in order, move a re-
consideration ol that vote. Mr. C. would embrace
the opportunity to state, that he made this motion
from no apprehension that the Government would
oppose unnecessary obstacles to the resumption of
specie payments, or that it would not, withm the
limits ot its constitutional powers, aid in the resto-
ration of a sound and healthy current, but for the
sole purpose of placing himself in a true position
before his consituents upon a subject of great im-
portance to the commercial prosperity of the country.
The SPEAKER observed that the motion would
be entered
Mr. SIBLEY, on leave, submitted the following
resolution, which was agreed to-
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy
Pensions be instructed to inquire jnto the expe-
diency of granting a pension to widow Phebe Har-
rington, of the county of Ontario, in the State of
New York.
Mr. ADAMS, from a select committee, moved
that the use of the Hall be granted on Wednes-
day and Thursday mornings, from 9 till 11 o'clock,
to Professor Espy to deliver two lectures, but it
being objected to, Mr A at the suggestion, of the
Speaker, waived the motion till the standing com-
mittees were called through
Mi WHITTLESEY of Ohio liom the Commit-
tee ol Claims, reported Senate lull, for the )eli"t
of Samuel Ferguson, with a recommendatiyn that
it do not pass
Mr. BOON*, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported, without amendment, Señale bill
