314
Objection being made from several quarters,
Mr. W. moved a suspension of the rule, and
asked for the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. McKAY requested the gentleman to with-
draw the preamble, and then he would vote for the
resolutions.
Mr. WILLIAMS replied that he could, on no
account, consent to do that.
Mr. CAMBRELENG wished to know if the
Mouse was again disposed to set aside all the pub-
lic business of the nation, as it did yesterday, to
consider this proposition.
Mr. McKAY inquired of the Chair if the ques-
tion could not be taken on the preamble and reso-
lutions separately?
The CHAIR replied that the question was not
divisible, for a proposition could not be divided till
it was before the House.
Mr. McKAY reiterated that he would willingly
vote to suspend for the resolutions, but not for the
preamble.
Mr. TILLIN6HAST solicited the gentleman to
withdraw one single word of the preamble.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Not one word nor one
letter.
The House refused to suspend the rules—yeas
92, nays 87.
DIVORCE OF TIIE PUBLIC PRESS AND TUB GOVERN-
MENT.
The unfinished business of the morning hour was
the resolution submitted some time since by Mr.
HOPKINS of Virginia, to divorce the public press
from the patronage of the Government.
Mr. DROOMGOLE moved to add the following
to the resolution.
And that the said committee be also instructed
to inquire whether the individual elected primer by
this House, at the Extra session, does now execute,
and has, in fact, since his election, executed the
public printing at his own establishment, with the
press, types, and hands employed in his own oflke,
and subject to his immediate orders, directions, and
control; or whether the public printing has not,
since the period of said election, been executed,
and whether it is not now executed, at the office of
the political journal other than that of the printer
to this House, and under the directions and regula-
tions of other editors; a d if so, to inquire upon
what authority, and upon what terms, conditions,
and stipulations, the public printing has been trans-
ferred to individuals other than the one appointed
and required by this House to perform the same.
And that the said committee inquire further, whe-
ther, prior to the final ballot, and before the close
of said election of printer, there was not some bar-
gain, agreement, or understanding, express or im-
plied, inchoate or complete, that in the event of the
election of the individual new holding the appoint-
ment, the public printing should be executed at the
office of another political journal, whose editors
were, at the same time, also candidates for the ap-
pointment; and that the committee report to this
House, specially, the nature and the terms of any
such bargain, agreement, or understanding.
And that the committee be also instructed to as-
certain and state, under separate and specific heads,
the various expenditures growing out of the action
of the special committee of this House, appointed
on the 3d day of January, 1837 ; and in like man-
ner the various expenditures growing out of the
action o! the select committee of this House, ap-
pointed on the 17th day of January, 1837; and
also the various expenditures growing out of the
action of the Committee on the Judiciary on the
memorial of Richard S. Coxe and William L.
Brent, presented to this House on the 30th day of
January, 1837 ; ?nd also the expenditure incurred
under the orders of this House of the lath and
18th September last, in relation to the printing of
the rules and orders of the House, with Jefferson's
Manual of Practice.
Mr. WISE said he should vote for this amend-
ment, for the reason that the bare presentation of
it showed the necessity of Mr. Hofkin's resolution
being adopted. He suggested ar.other point of in-
quiry to Mr. Dromgoole, viz: how much public
patronage had been distributed during the last two
years, and how much of that public patronage had
gone into the pockets of the editors of the official
organ.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
In reference to the alleged bargain between the
Madissnian and Intelligencer offices, Mr. W. dis-
avewed any privity, though he had no doubt the
parties on the other side (the Globe) would have
made a similar bargain, if sueh existed, if ihey
could have done so.
EXPLORING EXPEDITION. ,
A message in writing was received from the Pre-
sident of the United States, by the hands of his pri-
vate Secretary, A. Van Buren, esq. transmitting a
large mass of documents and correspondence in re-
lation to the delay in the sailing of the Exploring
Expedition.
Mr. INGHAM moved to refer them to the Com-
mmittee on Naval Affairs. He would not move
their printing at present, for the documents were
very volumnious, and the committee would report
at an early day what ought to be printed.
Mr. NÁYLOR moved the printing of the whole.
Mr. MASON of Ohio understood that a vast
amount of the correspondence had been already
printed.
Mr. INGHAM confirmed that statement, and
added that a great number of the other documents
had also been printed.
Mr. MALLORY assented to Mr. Ingham's
motion.
Mr. NAYLOR modified his motion, by excepting
what had been already printed.
Mr. WISE was ata. loss to see the necessity of
referring the subject to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, for the time had gone by when the infor-
mation would be of service. It was locking the
stable door after the horse was stolen.
The motion of Mr. NAYLOR to print was re-
jected.
Mr. WISE then moved to instruct the committee
to inquire intoj.and report the causes, of the failure
of the Exploring Expedition.
Mr. INGHAM accepted this amendment; and,
so modified, his motion to commit was agreed to.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting certain custom-house returns.
On motion of Mr. CTJSHMAN, laid on the table.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General containing statements of the postages re-
ceived on paid and unpaid letters sent by express
mail, from and to the cities of New York, Phila-
delphia, Nov Orleans, and Mobile.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of La. laid on
the table.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The business (hen in oid-r was "the bill making
appropriations for the continuation of the Cumber-
land road in the States of Ohio,   Indiana,   and
Illinois."
The question was on concurring with the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the amendment making an
appropriation for guard fences east of the Ohio,
and the improvement of the Laurel Hill descent,
and that pending was the motion of Mr. Under-
wood to recommit the bill to the Committee of
Ways and Meaas, with instructions to report in
lieu thereof a bill to cede said road to the States
respectively, through which it passes.
Mr. UNDERWOOD expressed a wish to post-
pone the bill, on the ground of getting a response to
a call for certain information respecting it.
Mr. MASON of Ohio warmly opposed the sug-
gestion as an indirect mode of killing the bill.
There could be nothing wanting m the way of in-
formation.
Mr. UNDERWOOD wanted some information
as to the cost per mile up to this time.
Mr. MASON informed the gentleman that he
would find that information in a document printed
at the first session of the last Congress.
Mr. BOON also insisted that the motion to post-
pone the bill for further information was only an-
other mode of killing the bill, and with a view to
test the sense of the House, he demanded the pre-
vious question.
On taking the second, by tellers, there was a tie,
ayes 64, noes 64, but the Sfeaker voting in the af-
firmative, it prevailed—ayes 65, noes 64, and the
main question was ordered, without a division.
Mr. MONTGOMERY asked for the yeas and
I nays thereon; which were ordered.
Mr. WISE moved a call of the house.
Mr. BRIGGS remarked that the motion was not
in order at that stage, and the CHAIR so ruled.
The question was then taken: but,
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. ELMORE appeared in his place, arid asked
leave to record his vote, stating that he was in at-
tendance on a select committee, by leave of the
House, when the Voto was taken.
Objection being made,
Mr. E. moved a suspension of the rule; which
was agreed to—113 to 43.
Mr. ELMORE'S name was then called; and that
gentleman having responded,   -
Mr. BELL rose and inquired if the gentleman's
vote varied the voté of the Ho*se?
The CHAIR could not answer the question, a<<
the vote had not been cast up.
Mr. BELL protested against this practice of al-
lowing gentlemen to vote by a mere suspension of
the rules, instead of by unanimous consent—a
practice which had grown up within the last two or
three years, and was not known previously in the
ten years of which he had been a member. Hs
raised the point as one of order.
The CHAIR decided the practice to be in order.
Mr. BELL took an appeal, and the House af-
firmed the decision of the Chair—ayes 97, noes 56.
Mr. MERCER then moved a reconsideration of
the vole by which the House had suspended the
iu!e to allow Mr. Elmobe to vote; but the motion
was rejected—ayes 74, noes 89. •
The vote on the engrossment of the bill was then
announced as follows—yeas 96, nays 99.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. EVERETT then moved a reconsideration
of the last vote.
Mr. BRIGGS moved a call of the House.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if a motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table would be in
order?
The CHAIR replied that it would, but not pend-
ing the motion for a call of the House.
The call was then ordered, and proceeded in for
some time; and 203 members having answered to
their names,
Mr. PETRIKEN moved that all further pro-
ceedings in the call be dispensed With; which was
agreed to—ayes 96, noes 71.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then moved to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BRIGGS called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 85, nays 1)2.
So the motion fo lay on the table was decided
in the negative, and the question recurring upon
reconsidering the vote by which the bill wju re-
jected—
Mr. RENCHER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 110, nays 87.
So the House determined to reconsider the vote.
Mr. McKENNAN then moved the previous
question on the engrossment of the bill, but the
House refused to second it—yeas 70, nays 79.
Mr. HAYNES said, that although he did not
claim his right to address the House when this bill
wai taken up this morning, he could not, in justice
to himself, forego the present opportunity to ex-
pre"; his opposition to it.
We had heard, over and over again, since the
I commencement of the present session of Congress,
j of the bankrupt condition of the Treasury, and
those of us who are supporters of the present Ad-
ministration had been reminded as often of the
neeessity of sustaining the Government by a resort
lo its credit in the issue of Treasury notes. We
had heard repeatedly of the extravagance and pro-
fusion of the late and present Administrations, of
the pledge of their supporters to bring back the
Government to an economical expenditure;"and on
no occasion, since the. commencement of the pre-
sent session, has so fair an opportunity been offered
of acting out the piofessions of both sides of the
House than is furnished by the bill under conside-
ration. For his part he should place little reliance
upon professions of retrenchment and economy, let
them come from what quarter they may, so long as
gentlemen continue to vote for appropriations
' which the public exigencies may not require. We
I   have heard much declamation against profusion.
