,_^______        CONGRESSIONAL GÍÓ1M.                                            3Í9
Jamee H. Fleming, which was passed to its third
reading.
M'r. HARLAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a hill for the relief of Isaac P. Saunders.
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts, moved that
the bill from the Senate to give effect to the eighth
article of the treaty with Spain, be recommitted to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that the
bill was out of the power of the House till Monday
next, to which day it had been postponed.
Mr. C. then gave notice that he would make the
motion when the bill came up.
Mr. RANDOLPH, from the Committee on Ag-
rieulture, reported a joint resolution, authorizing
the President of the United States to lease gratui-
tously forten years, any unlocated lots in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the cultivation of the mul-
berry and sugar beet; which having been twice
read—
Mr. R. moved its adoption.
Mr. LINCOLN wished it postponed for a day
or two. He was not opposed to the object of the
resolution, bat there were, he believed, some lots
which ought to be excepted, and he suggested
Tuesday next.
Mr. RANDOLPH assented, and the further
consideration of the resolution was postponed till
that day.
*ír. PAKKER asked that the Committee on
Indian Affairs be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the claim of Richard Brannin; and
or his motion, it was laid on the table.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, reported, with an amendment, Senate bill to
authorize the appointment of four additional clerks
in the office of the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution to authorize the
Secretary of War to purchase a site in the District
of Columbia for a new magazine and keeper's
house.
Mr. McK. explained ihat the object of this
resolution was merely to give effect to a pre-exist-
ing law, which provided for the work, &c. of this
work, but omitted the authority for the War De-
partment to purchase the site.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading to-day.
Mr. EWING, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Eunice Saunders, late Eunice Pearson.
Mr. MASON of Virginia, from th« Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Wil-
liam Grozer.
THE PUBLIC PRESS.
The unfinished business of the morning hour was
then resumed, being the resolution of Mr. Hopkins
to separate the public press from Government
patronage, the question pending being on the
amendment of Mr. Dromgoolb to extend the
inquiry. [It is printed at length in the Globe of
Wednesday night.]
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, who was entitled
to the floor, addressed the House till the expiration
of the hour, when the orders of the day were
called.
The special order was the bill to establish a
commission of claims.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved to postpone .it, in
order to proceed with the public business.
Mr. BOON expressed a hope that the motion
would prevail, so that they might go on with the
Cumberland Road bill.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said as the public busi-
ness was so important, he must he compelled to
ask for the yeas and nays, v, hich were ordered,
and were—yeas 139, nays 46.
So the rales were suspended.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill making appiopnations for the continua-
tion of the Cumberland road, in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois.
The question was on the motion of Mj. UN-
DERWOOD to recommit the bill to the Committee
of Ways and Means, with instructions to report,
in lieu thereof, a bill to surrender, said road to the
States respectively through which it passes.
The bill was opposed by Messrs. CLOWNEY
and PICKENS, and advocated by Mr. CORWIN,
when
Mr. CASEY then rose and said that this was a
bill of the deepest importance to the interests of his
State, and though he was prepared, and indeed de-
sired an opportunity, to address the House in its
support, yet, believing it had already been suffi-
ciently discussed, he was willing, for the sake of
securing its speedy passage, to do what he had
never done in that House before. Sir, concluded
Mr. C. I move the previous question.
Mr. PICKENS then moved to lay the bill on
the table.
Mr. BRIGGS asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina moved a
call of the House: lost.
The House refused to lay the bill on the table
—yeas 84, nays 109.
The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question, which was seconded by the
House, 92 to 61
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky asked for the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question to be
put, which were ordered, and were—yeas 108,
nays 8G.
So the House determined that the main question
be put.
Mr. MONTGOMERY then moved an adjourn-
ment.    Lost.
Mr. REED asked for the yeas and nays on the
main question, (the engrossment of the bill) and
they were ordered, yeas 100, nays 95.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. CHAPMAN then rose and Mated that,
while the vote was taking, he was called out of his
seat by one of the messengers, on business; and he
therefore asked leave to record his vote in the ne-
gative, but it was objecled to.
The question being when the bill should be read
a third tune, the House rejected Monday; and the
question being on reading it now—
Mr. FILLMORE moved an adjournment—lost:
ayes 74, noes not counted.
Mr. RHETT then moved a call of the House:
lost.
Mr. THOMAS then made a motion that the bill
be read a third time on the first Monday in May,
in order that, in the mean time, the real condition
of the Treasury might be ascertained and made
known. Mr. T. asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr. RHETT moved an adjournment: lost—74
to 87.
Mr. ELMORE moved a call of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ELMORE renewed the motion to adjourn;
but il was again decided in the negative; and the
question recurring on the motion for a call of the
House, it was decided in the negative—yeas G-¿,
nays 107.
Mr. THOMPSON then moved an adjournment:
lost.
The question recurred upon Mr. THOMAS'S
motion to postpone the bill till (he first Monday in
May next, and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 83, nays 95.
The question again recurring upon ordering the
bill to be read a third time this day.
Mr. RHETT asked for the yeas and nays, but
they were refused, and the bill ordered to a third
reading instanter; and being put on its passage—
Mr. BOON demanded the previous question,
which was seconded; and ihe main question on the
passage of Ihe bill ordered.
Mr. CONNOR asked for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill; which were ordered, and
were—yeas 96, nays 80.
So the bill was passed."
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, April 20, 1838.
The CHAIR communicated a report from this
Secretary of War, enclosing a report from the To-
pographical Bureau, together with a map, in an-
swer to the resolution of the Senate of the 13th Fe-
bruary last, calling for information relative to the
Oregon Territory; and
On motion of Mr. LINN, it was referred to the
select committee appointed on the bill for the occu-
pation of the Oregon Territory.
Mr. McKEAÑ presented a petition from citi-
zens of Tennytown, Bradford county, Pennsylva-
nia, and three petitions from citizens of Rush town-
ship, Susquehanna county, Pennsylvania, of like
import, praying for the immediate abolition of sla-
very in the District of Columbia.
Mr.MERRICK, from the Committee on Claims,
reported without amendment the biil from the
House for the relief of M. Gelson of New York,
and recommending its passage.
Mr. KING, on leave, and in pursuance of nolioe
given, obtained leave and inlroduced a bill to autho-
rize George Whitman of Alabama, to import an
iron steamboat, in detached parts, with the neces-
sary machinery, tools and working utensils, free of
duty: read twice and referred, together with certain
papers relating thereto, to the Committee on
Finance.
On motion of Mr. NORVELL, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petitions of the heirs of
John Tebbs, the executor of Archibald Irwin, of
Aaron Camp, and of the widow of William
McCoskey.
On motion  of Mr.  PRESTON, the resolution
submitted by him, providing for the re-annexation
of Texas to the United States, was taken up, and ~
made the order of the day for Monday next.
The Senate resumed the consideiation of the bill
to prevent the re-issue and circulation of the bills,
notes and other securities of corporations created
by Congress which have expired, and, after a de-
bate, in which it was supported by Messrs. WALL,
CLAY of Alabama, GRUNDY, RIVES, BU-
CHANAN, CALHOUN and BROWN, and op-
posed by Messrs. PRESTON, WHITE and PREN-
TISS, it was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading—ayes 27, noes 14, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Niles,
Norvell, Pierce, Rives, Roane, Robinson, Ruggles,
Smith of Connecticut, Tipton, Trotter, Wall, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, King, Merrick, Nicholas, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Robbins, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Swift, and White—14.
The Senate adjourned over to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, April 21, 1838.
LIGHT  HOUSE SYSTEM.
Mr. WORTHINGTON, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported Ihe following revolution,
which was concurred in:
Resolved, That the meraoriil of David Melville,
together with the several papers therein contained,
praying an appropriation sufficient to enable him
to make a trial of the plan proposed as an imme-
diate remedy for thj defects of the lights now in
use in the light-houses in the United States, be
referred to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the same.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Celia Rasan, widow of Richard Ragan.
Mr. FRY, from the same committer, reported a
bill granting a pension to John Black, of the State
of Georgia.
Mr. SIBLEY", from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report in the case of John Cooper;
which was laid on Ihe table.
Mr. EWING, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of C. Fitz-
gerald, deceased.
Mr, J. JOHNSON of Virginia, from lbs same.
