320
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
committee, made an unfavorable report on the pe-
tition of Isaac Webb, representative of Charles
Webb; Which was ordered to He on the table.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee of Claims,
^parted unfavorably Upon the petitions of Andrew
Tadlock and William W. Scottj which were seve-
rally laid on the table.
Mr. LINCOLN, on leave, laid on the table an
amendment he proposed to offer to the bill provid-
ing for the removal of the walls of the new Trea-
sury builditi|, etc. when that bill shall again come
Up for consideration; and the amendment was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. LEGARE asked leave to be excused from
longer serving on the select committee on the sub-
ject of meteorology, on the ground that his duties
on the Committee on Foreign Affairs required all
the time he could devote to business out of the
Hou«e¡ but the House refused to excuse Mr. L.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, on leave, presented sundry
petitions on the subject of the late duel; which
were referred to the select committee thereon.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky, on leave, sub-
mitted the following resolution, which was agreed
tos
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into
the propriety of establishing a post route from
Momicello, Kentucky, via Albany, Clinton county,
Kentucky, to Burksville, Kentucky.
Mr. ¡VÍENIFÉE, on leave, also submitted the
following, which were agreed to:
R'solved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to Capt. Hugh Drennan
of Fleming bounty, Kentucky, a soldier of the Re-
lution.
On motion of Mr. MENIFEE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Poplar
Fiat, in Lewis county, to Mount Carmel, in Flem-
ing couniy, Ky.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia concluded his re-
marks on the resolution of Mr. Hopkins, proposing
to raise a select committee to inquire into the expe-
diency of severing the public press from Govern-
ment patronage.
The question pending was on the amendment of
Mr. DROMGOOLE to extend the inquiry, (as
printed in Wednesday night's Globe.)
As soon as Mr. GARLAND had got through,
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky moved the pre-
amble and resolution submitted by him some days
since, on the subject of executive expenditures,
which have already been printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS addressed the House on the
subject of his amendment till the expiration of the
morning hour; when the orders of the day were
called for.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting a report of the progress made in the survey
of the shoals of George's Bank, and the harbors of
Beaufort and Wilmington, North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. INGHAM, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
State, transmitting returns of foreign immigrants,
&c. during the last ten years.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, referred to the
select committee having in charge the subject of a
revision of the laws of naturalization.
The bill for the relief of James A. Fleming; and
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
War to purchase a site in the District of Colum-
bia for a new magazine and keeper's house, were
severally read a third time and passed.
Mr.CUSHMAN asked the House to take up the
postponed bill in relation to the tenure of office of
subordinate officers of the customs; but it was ob-
jected to.
Mr. THOMAS moved to consider, at this time,
his motion to reconsider the vote of the House
granting leave of absence to Mr. Smith of Maine,
from and after the first of May.                             ,
Objection being made, Mr. T. moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, and asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 87, nays 92.
Not being two-thirds; the motion was decided in the
negative.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the bill for the esta-
blishment of á Board of Commissioners of Claims,
be made the special order for Friday next: lost.
PRIVATE ORDERS.
The House then passed to the private orders.
The first was the "bill for the relief of the repre-
sentatives of Dr. Philip Turner, deceased."
The claim involved in this bill was for interest
on a commutation in 1808, which, having been first
rejected, was afterwards allowed, and two weeks
ago the bill was reported from the Committee of
the Whole, with the enacting clause stricken out.
The question was whether interest should com-
mence from the time a claimant /restated his claim,
or from (he time he estailished it. The opponents
of the bill contended for the latter, on the ground
that the ontts probandi was on the claimant; that the
Government did not seek its debtor, but was always
ready to pay when the proof was made out; and that
the previous rejection of this claim was prima facie
evidence that it had not been then made out. Ano-
ther objection was raised on the application of the
statute of limitation.
The advocates of the claim, in reply to the latter
argument, insisted that the Government had no
right to avail itself of such a plea in bar to a claim
upon it, because the claimant was no party to the
limitation; and to the former it was contended that
a subsequent admission of the petitioner's claim es-
tablished his right to it on his previous application.
It is understood that the settlement of cither prin-
ciple will operate upon a large number of claims
for interest that have been before the House for
years. When up before, the discussion had occu-
pied a large part of the day in Committee of the
Whole, Mr. Allen, of Vermont, having solely
sustained the argument in opposition to it, when
his motion to strike out the enacting clause pre-
vailed.
Mr. PETRIKIN, with a view to bring the House
to a vote, moved the previous question, but it was
not seconded.
The claim was now sustained by Messrs.
CRAIG, SHEPPERD, TILLINGHAST, WISE,
and HALEY, and opposed by Mr. ALLEN.
Mr. HALEY, at the conclusion of his remarks,
moved the previous question.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved a call of the House.
Mr. GLASCOCK asked for the yeas and nays;
but they were not ordered, and the House refused
the call.
Mr. DAWSON moved an adjournment: lost-
ayes 62, noes 68.
The demand for the previous question was se-
conded—ayes 75, noes 49, and the main question
was ordered ; and thereon
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont, Mr. CUSHMAN,
and Mr. GRIFFIN simultaneously rose and called
for the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and
were—yeas 75, nays 76.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. GRIFFIN moved an adjournment.
Mr. TOUCEY asked the gentleman to withdraw
it, to enable him to make a report from the select
committee, which Mr. G. declined; and the motion
to adjourn was rejected—ayes 70, noes 72.
THE LATE DUEL.
Mr. TOUCEY then rose and informed the House
that the Committee of Investigation were now rea-
dy to report, and that they had unanimously di-
rected him to move that its consideration be. post-
poned till next Monday fortnight, and that it be
printed. He therefore asked leave of the House,
at this time, to make the report.
Mr. ROBERTSON was not prepared to say, at
that time, whether he should vote for the proposi-
tion to print.
The CHAIR reminded the gentleman that that
proposition was not before the House, but asimple
application for leave to report. When the report
came in, then the gentleman might discuss the
question lo print, if it should be moved.
Mr. POPE objected to granting leave, and said
he thought it rather a strange proceeding to print a
report of this character, and postpone it for two
weeks.    He would be willing to receive it on Mon-
day morning, but not to postpone it.
Mr. TOUCEY moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr. PECK moved an adjournrijent: lost—-ayes
73, noes80.                                  '-'.:"
Mr. POPE said he would withdraw, his objec-
tion; but there were others mafle, and the House
suspended the rules.                            -    ,.
Mr. TOUCEY then submitted the «eporr, and
moved its postponement till Monday two weeks,
and that, in the mean time, if be printed. He re-
peated that he made the motion by the unanimous
direction of the committee.
Mr. GRENNELL then, on Jeave, submitted the
views of two of the minority of the committee,
(Mr. Rariden and himself,) and then moved that
they take the same direction as the other.
Mr. ELMORE rose, and, on leave, submitted
his own views, which he moved to take the same
direction. He remarked that he had not been able
to agree with the views either of the majority or
the minority; and, therefore, he presented such
views as struck him to be proper; but, although the
committee disagreed, they concurred unanimously
that he should present them to the House.
Mr. ROBERTSON said, if he understood the
proposition submitted by the chairman of the select
committee, (Mr. Toucey,) he must again repeat
that he was not prepared to vote for the printing of
the reports, or any one of them. The questions
involved in this matter were of the most deep and
profound importance, not merely to those who, it is
supposed, may be implicated in this report, but of
vast importance to the privileges of the House itself.
Mr. R's attention, he said, had been that morn-
ing, from aa intimation thrown out that the report
would probably be made, drawn to the considera-
tion of the question, what course, in the event that
these reports should be offered, it became the House
to pursue to protect the privileges of its members;
and, unless he had greatly mistaken the doctrine of
the parliamentary law upon this subject, it would
be their duty to recommit all these reports to the
committee which had brought them in, with
special instructions that, if any member was
implicated at all, to report that single fact
to the House, for he was satisfied they
could not move one step further until they re-
ceived the order and direction of the House. He
may have misunderstood the parliamentary law
upon this subject; but he begged leave to refer to an
authority of the highest character, whose work they
had made a part of their own rules, where it did not
conflict with them—he alluded to Jefferson's Ma-
nual. In that celebrated book it was laid down
that when a committee is charged with an inquiry,
if a member prove to be involved, they cannot pro-
ceed against him, but must make a special report
to the House; whereupon the member is heard in
his place, or at the bar, or a special authority is
given to the committee to inquire concerning him.
If Mr. R. recollected the terms of the order
charging upon this select committee the investiga-
tion of the matter which had been before
them, it gave them no authority to adopt
any resolution, or to furnish any evidence
to that House, which might implicate any one of
its members. The very moment, under this Tule of
parliamentary law, the fact became disclosed (and
such he understood to be the case) that a member
of the Home was involved in the examination be-
fore the committee, that very moment it was their
duty to have communicated it to the House, in or-
der that the House might take such direction as it
saw fit.
Mr. R. admitted that he had turned but very
casually to the authority cited by Mr. .Jefferson in
the above passage; but as far as he had gone, he
found that it covered even much higher and broad-
er ground. It was affirmed in debate (see " Grey's
Parliamentary Debates," the work, we suppose,
referred to by Mr. R.) to be a privilege beyond
the power of any committee, or beyond even the
power of the House, to charge any committee with
the power of investigating any thing touching, or
affecting, or involving the privileges of the mem-
bers. It is there said to be the privilege of the
House alone, where any member has a right to in-
terrogate, and where it is the privilege of the mem-
