322
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
usual number merely for the use of the members;
and ibis, motion, much to his astonishment, had
met with the most zealous, and, indeed, he might
say, the most violent opposition. The objection
seemed so strange, that he could hardly believe, at
fir*t, that it was to be seriously persisted in.
It would be strange, indeed, if the House, after
having instructed a committee to investigate a par-
ticular case, collect the facts, and report thereon,
and for this purpose arming them with power to
send for persons and papers, should refuse to hear
that committee when ready to render an account,
or, in other words, refuse to receive and print the
report. The three fourths of this House who
voted for the appointment of this committee, are
now asked to yield to the one-fourth—to undo
what they have done—to admit that they had no
authority to appoint this committee for any such
purpose as that with which it is charged, in the opi-
nion of a large portion of the House; or, if there
be no want of authority, either on the part of the
House or committee, that the latter shall not be
heard—that the report shall be committed, without
printing, to another committee, to be called a Com-
mittee of Privileges, who are to report what further
steps shall be taken by the House. Are members
piepared to treat this committee thus contume-
hously? Is the House prepared to admit so readily
that it has acted without authority, or unadvisedly?
Is it disposed to sanction any such child's play as
this course proposes? I trust not, said Mr. F. but
hope that the report will be printed, and the matter
will be permitted to take its usual course.
The first objection to the printing of the report
of the committee, is made by the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Robertson,] on the ground
that the committee have exceeded their authority.
It is contended, that when it was ascertained that
a member of the House was implicated, it was
the duty of the committee to have reported that
fact to the House, and a paragraph from Jeffer-
son's Manual is relied on as authority. It reads
thus: "When a committee is charged wilh an in-
quiry, if a member prove to be involved, they can-
not proceed against him, but must make a special
report to the House; whereupon, the member is
heard in his place, or at the bar, or a special au-
thority is given to the committee lo inquire concerning
lum." Now, sir, said Mr. F. we are to look at
this as reasonable men, and to inquire what was
really and truly intended by it—notwhatcirabesnade
out of it either by a strict or liberal construction,
but what was meant. Looking at it with this view,
it would seem to be plain and palpable, that it was
intended to embrace cases where matter pertain-
ing to the ordinary affairs or business of the House
is referred, and in the course of the procee' lings of
the committee, it "proves" or turns out that the cha-
racter of a member is implicated; in which
case, the committee is to arrest all further pro-
ceedings, and report that fact to the House.
It was where it "proved" incidentally, or turned
out that the character of a member was involved,
that this course was to be pursued, and not where
the very ebject of instituting the committee was
to investigate a case in which it was well known
that members were implicated, and whose offences
constituted the very gist of complaint and investi-
gation. This, said Mr. F. seems to be the fair,
common sense construction of the rule alluded to;
it could not, he thought, fairly be construed to
preclude the House from submiiting a matter to a
committee, and authorizing them to proceed in its
investigation, even though the House should be
well informed at the time that a member of the
House would be implicated in such investigation.
Now, what is the fact here, sir, said Mr. F.? Why,
the House well knew, every member knew, that
certain members of the House were implicated in
Ihc transaction at the time the committee was ap-
pointed. But it is said the rule is imperative; that
as soon as the committee ascertained that mem-
bers of the House weie implicatsd, they should
have immediately reported that fact to the House.
Wbv? To what end? Did the Hou.se need li be in-
foiled 0/ thai fact? Did it expect, when this
committee was appointed, that it would
fnmmon witne.'ses before it, ask one que - |!
.non. jeeeive one  answer,  and  then  come into |
the House, and report that a member wets' im-
plicated? Will any gentleman say be voted for
the appointment of this committee with any such
views? 1 cannot, said Mr. P. believe that the
House intended to set on foot, or participate in,
any such miserable farce. If, therefore, the rule
from Jefferson's Manual stood alone, he could
have no hesitation as Jo its construction, being ful-
ly persuaded that it was not intended to apply to a
case of this kind. - But it does not stand alone;
other matters are to be considered in connection
with it, to wit: the resolutions by which this com-
mittee was appointed. It is a fair and legitimate
mode of construing a rule, to look at other rules
upon the same subject. Now, so far as this case
is concerned, the resolution may be regarded as a
rule of the Home; and if these conflict, which must
give way? The resolution was adopted last, and
may therefore be fairly regarded, quoad hoc, as re-
pealing the rule: it, at least, rides over and controls
it. So that even if the rule from Jefferson's Manual
does require a committee, under certain circumstan-
ces, to suspendtheirproceedings and make aspecial
report to the House, the resolution of the House
appointing this committee may be regarded as di-
recting the committee, under those same circum-
stances, to proceed with the investigation without
making sitcft special report. If any other construc-
tion be adopted, then this rule in Jefferson's
Manual will effectually deprive the House of the
power of departing from it, or adopting any rule
inconsistent with it. It will render nugatory that
provision in the Constitution which says that each
House of Congress "may determine the vuUs of Us
proceeding's."
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Thompson,] and others, have interposed a constitu-
tional objection; that is, that the accusers here have
a right to be confronted with the witnesses against
them, and that the House have not the power to
invest a committee with authority to examine wit-
nesses and collect testimony in a case ef this kind.
Now, sir, on recurring to the Constitution, it will
be perceived that this phrase, "to be confronted
with the witnesses," relates altogether to cases of
criminal trials before a jury. It has no reference
whatever lo examinations had by this House. The
same Constitution authorizes this House to punish
its members for disorderly behavior, and, two-
thirds concurring, to expel a member; and this
without the intervention of a jury, or rigid adhe-
rence to any of the rules prescribed for such cases.
The gentleman says the examination of witnesses
should have been before the House, and not before
a committee. Sir, that argument should have been
made when the committee was appointed. The
House had the power to adopt either course. It
decided in favor of the examination by a commit-
tee. This argument, therefore, is now out of
place.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Fillmore]
thinks the committee have transcended their paw-.
ers by reporting resolutions against certain peraóns,
membeis of ihe House. They were to inqure, said
he, into the erases that led to the death of Mr. Cil-
lky, and the circumstances connected therewith.
Nothing is said about persons, and therefore the
committee had no right to report against persons.
Now, if the transaction which the committee were
to inquire into could have occurred without the
agency of persons, then, perhaps, there might be
some foundation for the argument. But there not
only must have been, from the nature of the case,
persons implicated, but the House well knew it
when they ordered the committee. To believe that
the House expected the committee, in this case, to
report the circumstances, saying nothing about per-
sons, must require a very considerable stretch of
credulity, to say the least of it. Such a position, I
am persuaded, said Mr. F. can find no favor in the
mind of any member of this House.
Another gentleman fromNew York [Mr. Sibley]
has deprecated the printing of this report, hecause of
the apprehended undue effect it might have upon
the minds of members who are to be the triors,
in cese any other evidence should be laid before the
Hcrnsc. He thinks we should have all the testimo-
ny together, or not at all. Is it not a little singular,
that  the gentleman  should anticipate other evi-
dence,   when    the   committee   have   been   at
work   collecting it. for  near  two  months;  the
accused, as we are informed by the Chairman,,
being present, and having the privilege of cross-
examining the witnesses, and now making no inti-
mation that they have other testimony.   -It seems
to me, said Mr. P. to be taking a good deal of.
pains to pick up objections and to throw difficulties-
in the way.   Suppose the rule of the gentleman*
from New York should obtainin our courts, what
would be the consequence?   Why, the witnesses
must all testify at the same time, or at least there
must must be no adjournment of the court until
all the testimony is out.   Such a position, it is ap-
prehended, cannot be sound.   From the very na-
ture of most cases, the evidence'must be received
by piecemeal;  but no one ever thought that this
rendered the court and jury incapable of doingrighl.
And are we willing to admit a fear that, by receiv-
ing this evidence, when other evidence is to follow,
our minds will become so warped by it, as to pre-
vent our doing what is right?   I cannot, said Mr.
F. believe this of any member of the Honse.    I
trust, said he, we shall be able to examine all the
evidence, and to decide upon it fairly, and" ac-
cording to thejtrue merits oí" the case.
But the gentleman seems to be much troubled to 
know what we shall do provided there should turn-
out to be other.evidence. What course, said he,
will the House take? He [Mr. S.] would be glad to
have some gentleman inform him who knew more
upon the subject. Without pretending to any su-
perior knowledge uponthis subject, Mr. F. said he
might be permitted to say that the case appeared
vciy plain to him. If one of the gentlemen charged
should rise here in his place, and say that he had
newly discovered evidence which he wished to place
before the triors, the House might think it best that
the whole matter should be recommitted to the
committee, with instructions to receive the new
evidence, and report it with the rest to the House;
or the House might think it most expedient to re-
ceive the additional evidence without such recom-
mitment. It was perfectly competent to decide
which course was best. But it is hardly worth
while, said Mr. F. to be devising means to rid our-
selves of difficulties which have not, and probably
will not, occur.
The gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
deprecates the sending out ihts report to prejudice
and poison the public mind before it can be accom-
panied by the arguments and explanations of which
it is fairly susceptible. It will be. forestalling, he
thinks, public opinion upon this subject. The first
answer to this is, that the report of the majority
will not go alone, but will be accompanied by
tivo minority reports. Again, sir, it may be asked
if there be any danger of submitting the facts in
this case to the people, even though they should
be unaccompanied by our commentaries. For
one, sir, I think, said Mr. F. that the people are
entitled to the facts in this case, and that they are
capable of forming an opinion upon them, unaided
by us. There can be no danger that truth will
work wrong to any one, and this is one of the last
cases in which it should be shut out from the
public.
That the committee have not exceeded their
authority in this case, it may be stated, in addition
to what has before been said upon this point, that
their course is sustained by precedents. They were
required to investigate and to repovt lliereon. Under
this, they were clearly authorized to report a resolu-
tion of expulsion, if they deemed the facts justified
it. But another argument, used by some gentle-
men in the.course of tb*e debate, appears tobe
conclusive upon this subject. It is derived from
the fact, that great numbers of petitions and pro-
ceedings of public meetings, calling for the expul-
sion of all who were concerned in the late duel,
have been presented to this House, and by the
House referred to .this committee. Here there is
authority for (he course of the committee, if not to
be found any where else. 11 will indulge the hope,
said Mr. F, in conclusion, th*t the objections to
the printing of this report will not be pressed fur-
ther. It is a case in which the whole public have
manifested a deep interest, and are now indicating
