324
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Messrs PRENTISS, and CLAY of Kentucky,
severally spoke against it,
And after some further remarks from Mr
BUCHANAN, in reply to Mr. CLAY,
The question was taken, and the bill was passed
—3'eas 27, nays 13, as fellows.
YEAS—Messrs Allen. Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cu.tb.bert, Fulton,
Grundy, Haboard, Lmn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Morns,
Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Rives, Roane, Robinson,
Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Tipton, Tiotter,
Williams, Wright, Young—27.
NAYS—Messrs Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis King, Merrick, Nicholas, Pren-
ti' , Preston, Smith of Indiana, Spence, Swift,
White—13
The following bills from the House were several-
ly twice read, and referred
The bill making appropriations for the construc-
tion of the Cumberland road, in Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois
The bill for the relief of---------Benmng.
The joint resolution, authorizing the Secretary
of War to purchase a site in the District of Co-
lumbia for a new magazine and keeper's house
After the consideration of Executive business,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, April 34, 1838
Mr HOWARD, on leave, made a statement in
reieienee to the report of his lemarks of last
evening on the subject ul the President's message
on the outrage upon the steamer Columbia He
had not said that negotiations were pending m re-
lation to that affair, for such «as not the fact, but
'hat the more delay there was, the more time would
be afforded to the Mexican Government to make
explanations.
THE LATE DUEL.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of Mr. TOUCEY, made undei the unam-
m )iis direction of the committee appointed to in-
vestigate the causes which led to the death of the
late Mr Cilley, to print the report of that com-
mittee, and postpone it till next Monday week
Mr. ELMORE, one oí the committee, who was
entitled to the floor, commenced by defending the
committee from the censure cast upon them foi
tianscendmg thtir powers, so far only as the taking
of testimony was concerned.
Mr ROBERTSON disclaimed, in what he had
said, as having expressed any opinion that the com-
mittee had intentionally violated their duties or
transcended their powers. He did not censure
i ¡em m that spirit, but merely maintained that
tney had so transcended.
Mr ELMORE continued, and remarked that
the debate, as it progressed, was based upon an
assumption of facts which did not exist, vi7 that a
ti tal was had, and no opportunity afforded for cross-
cvammation. He had also been misunderstood as
vindicating the course the majority of the commit-
tee had taken So far as he agreed with them, he
desired no othei vindication than a statement of
the ¡acts So far as he differed with them, he was
prepared to stand by that difference, and sustain
his own position. If any vindication of the ma-
jority was necessary, he presumed they were able
to defend themselves
Mr. E then went into an examination of the ob-
jections that had been urged against the committee
¡or taking testimony, and cited tne case of Senator
Smith, of Ohio, which went much farther than this
He said, as a member of the select committee, he
feit compelled to go into the examination, and to
investigate the evidence, with a view to ascertain
« hetber a breach of the privileges of the Hou«e
had been committed, or not, and he never felt him-
self able to answer that question until the testimony
was closed, and then, upon an examination into
that testimony, he was prepared to report that the
privileges of the House had been violated, and by
« horn, but he was not prepared to go further, and
report any resolution as to what should be the ac-
tion of tne House thereupon. So far he differed
from the majority He had no particular objection
if anj course the House might be disposed to take
on the question of postponement
Mr. LOOMIS remarked that the first question
was, had the committee gone into an examination,
or taken the slightest particle of evidence, not hav-
ing a bearing upon the subject they were directed
to investigate' That was not aveired. But it
was said that the committee had transcended the
powers of such a committee, and, if they had done
so, which he maintained they had not, whose fault
was if* Not of the committee, but of the House.
The House had armed them with power, and di-
rected them uhat to do, and the country was
awaiting the result of their investigation with the
deepest anxiety, as might be inferred from the
mass of petitions that had been sent there on the
subject.
Mr L. also went on to show that, m reporting
the resolution, the committee had only performed
its legitimate functions; for even if the resolution
was silent on the point, the many petitions sent by
the House to them, containing, as they generally
did, a prayer for the expulsion of certain persons,
were in the nature of obligatory instructions to re-
port some definite action, in case the testimony
sustained the allegations set forth.
He then went into a review of the case of Arm-
strong, cited by Mr Robertson, from Grey's Par-
liamentary Debates, showing, first, that it was at U
least abad precedent, if it applied, and, secondly,
that it had no applicability to the case now under
consideiation To declare the resolution under
which the committee acted void, would be not only
to suppress all this mve^igation, but to deprive
themselves also of the power of investigation. No
one complained of the partiality or cerruption of
the committee, and he expressed himself at a loss
to perceive any good reason for resisting the mo-
tion to print
Mr. GRENNELL remarked that some sugges-
tions had not been noticed. The motion to post-
pone and print had been made by the unanimous
voice of the committee, as had been usual with the
reports of select committees The committee, he
thought, had transcended its powers in the report,
and it nvght be proper for the House to stop and
set the committee right, but whether the motion of
the committee should be adopted or not, depended
upon other considerations He referred to the rule
of the Manual, and contended that the resolution
w as in strict conformity to that íule and law of the
House, which he did not believe, as had been ar-
gued by the gentleman from New York, [Mr
Loomis,] was to be treated a« a mere dictum, or
marginal note, imported from abroad, and there-
fore not binding On the contrary, he considered
it equally binding as any other part of the law of
the House It was, then, the duty of the commit-
tee to report in conformity with the law of the
House and the resolution under which they acted
Thsy were called upon to examine the facts and
make proper deductions, and that, and that only,
was m their power They had gone farther, and
reported arguments, and rules for the final action
of the House, but they should have stopped short
a* a statement of facts reported to the House
In conducting the examination, it would proba-
bly never appear that the gentlemenimphcated had
substantial notice to appear before the committee
as persons charged, to defend their rights, or bring
them directly before the House They had received
notice to appear, but it was not such notice as to
put them on their guard as if on trial before their
peers, and this was important, because they were
delicately situated, with their rights, privileges, and
characters at stake They should have the benefit
of all doubts, and he thought, that when they came
m to ansu er to this decision of the committee, it
was a judicial decision, involving judicial powers,
that they would be put unfairly before the House
For these reasons, he thought the committee had
exceeded their powers He concurred m the opi-
nion of his colleague, [Mi Adams] that th*s report
should be printed, and laid on the tables of the
members only in the form of evidence The mem-
beis implicated should have every advantage
yielded to persons accused in courts of justice. Mr
G then referred to the argument that the memo-
rials and petitions referred to the committee en-
larged their powers beyond the resolution, and con-
tended that they had no effect upon evidence, but
only showed a certain state of public opinion, which
could not govern the committee or the House in
their particular action, though no man held m
higher respect than himself, the expression of
the public opinion from various sections and large
masses of people; but he thought no one could pre-
tend that petitions praying .for the expulsion of a
member were to govern the aetioa of the House
unless supported by evidence, and that in accord-
ance with the laws of the House. The petitions
are entitled to full respect, for they come from peo-
ple actuated by the best motives; but it is the duty
of the House to protect itself, to punish for con-
tempt, and to proceed in such matters with all the
caution and solemnity of courts of justice, accord-
ing to law and evidence, not being swayed by pub-
he opinion from strict justice.
Mr. G commented upon some of the precedents
referied to in the debate, and pointed out differ-
ences between the respective cases. He concluded
by saying that he had concurred m the motion of-
fered by the chairman, but he was satisfied that the
argument and results ought not to be printed, and
unless those parts of the report were stricken out,
he should feel compelled to vote against the mo-
tion.
Mr TILLINGHAST remarked, that he would
not be supposed inclined to suppress investigation.
He was anxious that the country should be in-
formed of the course of the House m the debate,
of the state of each question, and of the reasons-
assigned by each gentleman for his action upon the
subject He pressed upon the House the impor-
tance of the results involved in the inquiry, and
urged the members to forget their own individuali-
ty, and to act upon high grounds of moral and le-
gal principles. He contended, at length, for a
strict construction of the rule in the Manual, and
replied to some of the arguments used in the course
of the debate, urging that it was the duty of the
committee, so soon as they found a member impli-
cated, in the course of their investigation, to stop
at that point, and report that fact to the House.
He was opposed to postponement, and in favor of
the proposition to recommit.
Mr. POPE referred to former cases of privilege
m Congress, in which he had participated many
years ago, and insisted that no precedent existed,
withm his knowledge, of a committee prosecuting
an inquiry into the conduct of a member of Con-
gress or a Chief Executive officer, under a general
power to inquire They must have the special
authority and sanction of the House before they
could advance a step The case of a member was
a much stronger one than that of the highest func-
tionary of the Government, for, m expelling a
member, they were depriving twenty, or perhaps
fifty, thousand people of their voice and vote in
that hall. Moreover, the committee had farther
transcended their powers in sending for Mr.
Graves, Mr. Wise, and the other persons impli-
cated. It was also understood that the report and
testimony had been printed, and he would like to
know on what authority that had been done.
Mr GRANTLAND (a member of the commit-
tee) would inform the gentleman It had been
printed at the request and solicitation of the mino-
rity of the committee. The chairman and the
majority at first objected to it, but, at the earnest
request of the minority, they assented.
Mr ELMORE was understood to make a simi-
lar statement, adding that that course was sanc-
tioned by the investigating committees of the last
Congress,and,in the present instance, was intended
for the benefit of the gentlemen supposed to be im-
plicated in the investigation.
Mr TOUCEY stated that when the resolution
to print the answers of the witnesses, etc. was
adopted, which was understood to have been with a
view to the accommodation of others, Mr T was
absent, as was also the member from Pennsyh ama,
[Mr Potter ] As soon, however, a* the know-
ledge came to him that the clerk of the committee
had been authorized to employ a printer, he [Mr.
T ] acquiesced m it, and a printer was so employed
by their clerk, and the evidence was printed, as he
before stated, for the accommodation of those gen-
tlemen whose situation was supposed to require it
With regard to the report of the majority, it wat
