¡^".........      I   '  11                                                                      .11    I  1.1  I   II
drinted upon the motion, and at the urgent solici-
tation, of the minpnty, m opposition to Mr. T's
wish, and in opposition to his suggestions. It was
printed and put into the hands of the members of
the minority, and upon it thsy had framed their
counter reports.
As to the publication of what had appeared in
one of the city papers, (the Globe) it might be pro-
per to state that Mr. Rives, of the firm of Blair
and Rives, was the printer employed by the com-
mittee, and hence had access to the report. That
gentleman spoke to Mr. T. about it yesterday,
apologizing for what appeared in the Globe, staling
that he supposed, as the report had been made, that
the usual course upon it had been taken by Us
being ordered to^ be printed, and, therefore, that
there was no impropriety m publishing the sub-
stance of the resolutions.
Mr. POPE resumed, and opposed the motion to
postpone and print. He was for quashing the re-
port, recommitting it, without printing, to a Com-
mittee on Privileges, and let them report what, in
their judgment, ought to be done.
Mr. PARKER remarked that the objections
made to the repon were not offered by the persons
interested, but by the menibars, the judges, they
were the persons who, with a slight technicality,
objected that the course of the committee had been
irregular. The only question he thought was,
whether the House, as judges, should obtain all the
information in their reach, to enable them to
decide correctly. Without the knowledge contain-
ed in the report, the House could not determine
what kind of examination this committee had insti-
tuted, whether theie had been an ex parle investiga-
tion, or whether witnesses had been examined on
both sides, and cios=-exammed He examined the
original resolution, with a view to show that the
committee wa authorized and required to investi-
gate all the facts, and i eport theieon , and he con-
lended that this involved the necessity ot reporting
conclusions
Mr. P. contended that it was proper to print the
report entire in consequence of the urgent appeals .
of the community for an investigation; and justi-
mi the reporting of arguments and conclusions,
by reference to the doings of other select commit-
tees, which had always been accustomed to report
facts and conclusion?. He was unwilling to íely
upon the judgment of the committee, though he
had very gieat confidence m the gentlemen who
composed it, and because he could not rely upon
the decision of the committee, he was desirous to
have the facts all befoie him, so that he could
judge for himself. He thought it necwssaiy, to
enable the House to judge of the whole merits of
the ease, that the report should be printed, and it
the examination had been fan, as no one had
doubted, the printing would also tend to the advan-
tage of the members implicated.
Mr RARIDEN said he felt very much at eaoc
in regard to the course the House might think pro-
per to pursue respecting those reports. If they
were printed, together with the journal of the com-
mittee, and ihe evidence taken, the report signed
by his friend from Massachusetts, [Mr Grinneli]
and him-elf, -would explain very fully the reasons
why they could not join the majority m the report
which they felt it their duty to make. If they were
not printed, but lecommitted to the same commit-
tee, with the instructions suggested by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] it would be
adoptmg and carrying out the original views of the
minority, as would appear by their report, and so
he ielt indifferent upon the subject.
Mr R said he did not entertain the same views
of the power conferred on the committee by the re-
solution of the House that some others seemed to
do He esteemed the detailing of a select com-
mittee to make inquiry, as was done by the resolu-
tion of the House m regard to the duel and breach
of privilege, as a proceeding touching matters
proposed for the future action of the House,
that ¡uuch a step was founded in motives of
prudence and economy, and with a due regard
to the dignity of the House, and the rights
of individuals whose conduct might be investigated,
The appointment of such a committee seemed to
him an act of eaution in the House to guard itself
OOIfGBESSIOHAL GLOBK.
V......                                                                    «   —
against rashness, and to prevent its time being
taken up m necessary preliminary inquiries, in
order to satisfy its judgment that it should act de-
finitely upon the subject proposed. Tnis appeared
to him to be the object of raising such committees;
and it was m every way proper, because the House
was less liable to imposition from that quarter than
any other; and the members of such committee
were not only responsible to the House for the
fidelity with which they executed the trust, but
responsible also at the bar of public opinion for the
action the House might be led to take upon the
information communicated to it through such
committee.
Entertaining such views of the object of raising
this committee, the minority assumed the ground,
at an early stage of the investigation, that the
committee would fulfil all that was required oí it,
by reporting to the House the evidence as it re-
ceived it without comments' of their own, with the
simple expression of their opinions, that the evidence
so taken and reported did or d'd not prove that the
privileges of the House had been invaded m the com-
mission of the acts and encumstances detailed as
connected with the death of Jonathan Cilley, without
indicating to the House what should be its action
thereon, or the measure or character of the punish-
ment proper to be inflicted for such violation. The
minority, at least he h.mself, entertaining those
views, did not choose gratuitously to compromit Ins
judgment, especially where he was not reqimed to
do so by the House, and he had, therefore, dissentefl
from the majority.
But, said Mr. R. if the journal of the committee,
the evidence taken, and the several reports, were
printed together, he was content The journal
would show how full and impartial was the exami-
nation, and whether of that broad character best
calculated to elicit the whole tiuth or not. It
would show especially what questions were pro
pounded to witnesses and overruled by the majon-
ty, as nielevaut or impertinent, and it will then be
foi the House to judge whether answets to the le-
jecled questions might not have reflected some
light upon the motives of some of the actors m the
scene about which the inquiry was set on foot, and
enabled it the better to have adopted a proper and
appropriate means of vindicating its rights and
punishing the offenders.
Although it may be true that individuals whose
acts and conduct connected with the duel were
investigated before the committee were per-
sonally present, and put questions to witnesses,
yet they could not be considered as parties on trial
before the committee It had not the pow er either
to acquit or convict them of a violation of the pn-
vileges of the House. It might, bv the facts col-
lected and repoited, have accused them to the
House. But such accusation would not have,
nor should ¡t have, any force till adopted by the
House as its act, nor could they, before they have
been put upon trial. So might the committee have
advised the House that no breach of privilege had
been committed, and the House might or might m t
have acquiesced m the advice, as its sense of pro-
priety dictated, but m no point of view could indi-
viduals, whose conduct might have been undergo-
ing investigation before this committee be consi-
dered a party The House or the constituency was
the only party, and the inquiry delegated to the
committee was for such facts as would enable the
House to designate whom else, if any one, should
be made parties to proceedings to be instituted
against them m the House upon the information ac-
quired through the committee.
As to the argumentative leport of the majority,
professing to receive the evidence taken by the
committee, it can be esteemed only as 1 ght tender-
ed to the Houie to lead its mind to the same con-
clusions with the majonty, and certainly no part oí
the duty required by the House.
As to the publication of the report of the ma-
jority in the newspapers, he knew not how it hap-
pened It was not by any direction of the commit-
tee that he was ever informed of, and be regretted
that, in its published form, it (the report) appeared
to be the act of the whole committee, whilst it was
well known m the House that it was the  act of
_________________^
four of the committee, adverse to the opinions ol
three, the residue of the committee.
Mr TAYLOR adverted to the gradual widening
of the debite, by members of the committee, by
little and little detailing additional occurrences
before the committee, while the House was kept
in total ignorance of the contents oi the document
detailing those proceedings. This alone showed
the necessity of its being printed. Mr. T. then
replied to the objections against the course of the
committee, insisting that there v. as neither usurpa
tion, assumption, nor transcending of powei, foi
the reference of the duelling petitions was an
imperative direction to them from the House, the
petitions closing, as they nearly all did, with a
prayer for the expulsion of the parties implicated
Mr. T. earnestly advocated the motion to print.
Mr. LEGARE said he had come to a conclu-
sion, with which he was satisfied, which he woull
state to the House, and which he hoped would in-
duce the House to come to a decision of the ques-
tion. He was for sending back the report to the
committee, with instructions to report the facts,
without any conclusions or accusations. He con-
sidered the subject the most impoitint that had
come before the House since he had been a mem-
bei. It was to settle what had been in a most un-
settled state heretofore, the rule by which the
House shou'd be governed, in cases where it ex-
ercised the most despotic power, uniting the func
tions of magistrate, jury, and executioner. The
House was about to expel a member, to exercise a
power analogous to the impeaching power, though
that was prohibited to the House, a'id the result
would be to degrade and disfrancmse a membei
of the House, and to declare him unworthy oí a
seat in that body.
It was because the House was armed with a
power so despotic, which might be used for the
woi st parly purposes, and might at all times affect
all parties, that he considered this occasion one oí
tremendous impoitance and solemnity. lie con-
tended for the rule of common sense, and of law,
that a parly accused shall be confronted with the
witnesses, and said that the fundamental princi-
ples of hbettf m the Constitution, that a man
shall be tried by his peeis, means also that he shall
be heard, and that onenly, before the country. Af-
ter some comment upon var ous points of the de-
bate, Mr. L. called upon the House to stop, wheie
they now are, and to settle the law of accusation,
that it should be made the rule, that a member
should be charged with all publicity, and with an
accurate specification in foim He hoped the re-
port would be recommitted, and that everything
except a slaiement oí facts woald be stricken out.
Mr. ATHERTON rep'ied to some obseivalions
of Mr. Grennki l, and said that if a strict fachinal
construction of the rule must be maintained, then
the moment the committee ascertained that a mem-
ber was involved, it was their duty to stop, and re-
port that fact; and by such a construction, they had
no light to go on and take and repoit evidence. He
went on to comment at length upon the rule which
should govern the House, as to be inferred from
Ihe cases pieviously refeired lo n the débale, and
came to the conclusion that the report ought to be
punted
Mr SLADE then obtained the floor, and moved
an adjournment, which did not prevail—yeas 79,
nays 83.
Mr. S. then stated that he should vote against
the proposition to print, and proceeded to give his
reasons, when he gave way to
Mr. CALHOUN of Kentucky who moved an
adjournment, and called for tellers, which were
ordered.
Mr. LINCOLN asked for the yeas and najs,
but they were refused, and the question being
taken by tellers, was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 90, noes 58,
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, April 24,1838
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition  of a
number of oitjzens of New York, praying foi the
establishment of a fiscal agency for the Govern-
