320
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mrnt, and askins* a charter of mcorpontwn   ¡e
ferred to the Committee on Finance
On motion of Mr. NORVELL,
The Committee on Revolutionary Glaums was
discharged from the further consideration, of the
petition of the daughter of Jonas Crane.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which the memorial of the
heirs of John de Treville, deceased, had been re-
ferred, reported a bill for their relief; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE presented a communication from
the "War Department, enclosing a report from the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs on the subject of
the survey and assignment of lands for emigiating
Indians, which was referred to the Committte on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to which had been refened the
petition^ oí a number of citizens of Alabama on
the subject, reported a bill authorizing the issue of
patents to the last bona fide purchase of Indian
reservation? under the late treaty read and ordered
to a second reading
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the bill from the House for ths
relief of Jet Fleming, reported the same without
amendment.
The bill to establish a pension agency at Mont-
peher, Vermont, was taken up and lead the third
time, and after some remarks from Messrs HUB-
BARD, PRENTISS and SWIFT, was passed
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a memorial,
signed, as he said, by members of every class and
condition of society; some of them members of
literary institutions, and others meichants, in «hort,
all classes of society, in behalf of the proposed
amendment of the international copy right law
The memorialists supposed, Mr. Clay said, that the
adoption of the amendment would not only con-
duce essentially to the interest of American litera-
ture, hut be an act of justice to foreign countries,
by reciprocating, in some measure, the benefits
we have received from them. This subject,
Mr. C said, was presented by him to the attention
of the Senate at the last session, and since then it
had attracted a great deal of the the public atten-
tion, several publications having been made re-
specting it He had seen seveial of these publica-
tions, and he took the opportunity of saying that
every conviction which he entertained of the pro-
pi íety of this measure at the time he first presented
this subject to the Senate, now lemamed unshaken
The committee to which this subject 1 id bee  re-
ferred, had had it under consideration for some
ume, and he believed that they had been waiting
with very proper motives under a d°sire that all
the parties interested should be fully beard before
making their report. But as every thing that
could be said or written on the subject had
been exhausted, he hoped they would report the
result of then deliberation  to the Senate at an
early day. Mr C. concluded, bj moving the
printing of the memorial, and its refeicnce to the
Committee on Patents, which was agreed to
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial, numerously
signed, on the same subject, which was refetred to
the same committee, together wito a similar memo-
i tal from the professors of the University ot Virgi-
nia, presented at the last session, and not acted on
Mr. PRESTON also presented a memorial of a
similar character, signed by different classes of per-
sons, booksellers and others The discussion be-
fore the pubfic, Mr P. said, to which the Senator
from Kentucky had alluded, was mamly between
authors and publisheis, who had supposed them-
selves to have difforent interests on this subject,
authors being of the opinion that their interests
would be subserved by an international copyright
¡aw The discussion had been one ot considerable
svarmth, and had run out somewhat into other col-
lateral matters Mr P believed the Senate had
already passed the bill asked foi, and, as far as he
could ascertain, public opinion was i ery generally
favorable to it, not only in this country, but in all
civili7ed foreign countries. A distinguished mem-
ber had introduced a bill ot this kind in the British
Parliament, and had advocated it with much elo-
quence and ability    In Fiance, also, a measure
of the sinif ni iu v t,m ptoj.itss, a"d in Germany,
where it was ot moie consequence than any where
ehe, because they wen? the most extensive maker 
of book-- Mr. P. would be happy to think that
the Um ed States had taken the first step on this
subjtct, by proposes a general s>stem for the com-
munity ot nations, and foi the literary class, who
exercised a very great conttoL over public sen-
timent
And theie could not be said to have been a more
favoiible time for the adoption of this general mea-
sure loan the present, at the moment when the pub-
lic mind throughout the world wa« in a state oi re-
pose, was in a state of general sympathy and ho-
mogeneousnesi>, ind of geneial union on subjects
c unnected v th the h ippmess ind improvement of
mankind This was owing tu thi. gieat degree of
unneisal peace, prosDentj, and happiness-, which
h?d existed ¡Or the last twentv five years through-
out the ci\ lhzed woild—a degree g eater than had
existed before since ibe death of the «¡eumd Anto
nine
This memorial, Mi P said, was, to a great ex-
tent, from, booksellers and publisher^, showing
that there was now, on their part, a conformity
with the < pinions of American authors on this sub-
ject Mr P tnovid that u be primed, and he on
the table which wasoidertd
Mi BAYARD presented the memonal of a
meeting of the Religious Society of Fnends lately
held in Philadelphia, being delegates from the
membeis of that soc íety m the four States of Penn-
sylvania, New Jersey, Delawaie, and Maryland,
upon the subject of Indian affairs generally, and
expressing their views, Mr. B said, in the mild lan-
guage and benign spirit of Chi istiamty The me-
monalists express their regrets at the continuation
of the war in Florida, and their hopes tint Congress
would listen to the appeals made in behalf of the
Cherokees. Mr. B. moved that the memorial be
primed, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr KING- objected to the printing, on the ground
that any discussion oi agnation of the ■subject
might have an injurious effect He suggested the
propriety of laying it on the table, as was done in
the case of a similar memorial presented some time
ago Then the Senate, after some little discussion,
and some little reflection, came to the conclusion
that it was best to do nothing on the subject.
Mr BAYARD said this was a memorial from
one among the most excellent societies in the
United States It expressed, in gen lal terms, the
vn us ot the persons composing 11 < Society, and
the great object wa«, he presumed, merely to plac e
the matter on lecord It recommended no mea-
suie, said not a woid in relation to the Cherokee
treaty, and was entirW} free from any of the ob-
jections made by the gentleman fiom Alabama.
He was d sirous, as a matter of respect to the
memorialists, that it be printed ai d laid on the
table
Mr KING said, as the Senator fiom Delawaie
seemed desuous of me refeiencc and printing, he
would withdraw ad opposition to it The Senator,
however, was mistaken in supposing that it was
usual to print memorials of thit, chaiacttr. He
was well auare oí the blameless chaiacter of the
memorialists, of tin, mildness and foibearance with
which thty exprés td their views, he respected too
the parity of then motives, but m this particular
question the printing of their memorial could do no
good, and might rossibly lead to excitement, as
one blanch of the iubject was already definitively
settled, and could not be revived without the great-
est danger He would, however, withdraw his
opposition to the m >tion of the Senator from Dela-
ware
The memorial was then referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be printed
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of Philadel-
phia, on the subject of keeping open the river Dela-
ware during the winter, also, recommending that
New Castle be made a port of entry, also, asking
the establishment of a winter harbor and the con-
struction of piers low down the m er Delaware-
referred to the Committee on Commeice
Mr.  B, presented the memorial of Walter R,
Johnson, praying the establishment of a national
institution for the prosecunan of experiments and
researches in the physical sciences which are re-
quired for the public service and for the general
welfare of the country referred to the Commit'ee
on Patents
Mr RIVES, from ths Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to regulate the pay of mas-
ters m the navy, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
O notion of Mr. ROANE, the bill to continue
the corporate existence of the banss in the District
ol Columbia was taken up, and made the order of
the day for Friday next.
Mr KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
repoi ted a bill for the relief of A*a Armington;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. TROTTER, the Senate took
up the bill supplementary to the act entitled an
act to amend an act for the appointment of com-
missioners to adjust claims to land under the 14th
article of the treaty of 1830 with the Choctaw In-
dians The amendments were agreed to, and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed tor a third reading.
Mr. KING rose to inquire of the Senator from
Mississippi whether they had priceeded in the
matter, whether any thing had yet been done, and
what was the present state of the business, &c.?
Mr. TROTTER was happy to state, for the in-
formation of his friend from Alabama, that they
had been very actively engaged to his (Mr. T's)
personal knowledge. He had occasion to call at
the pomt where the Commissioners were engaged,
and found that they had examined some sixty or
seventy cases, and were diligently proceeding with
the remainder, which would amount to about
twelve hundred. Not more than from three to four
cases could be examined a day. The testimony
was taken through «tei prefers, and was noted
down by a Clerk, which necessarily caused them to
proceed but slowly, besides tendering the duty te-
dious and perplexing They were progiessmg
with as much rapidity as the nature of the business
would admit, and he knew they weie extremely so-
licitous to bung the matter to a close.
ORDER OF THE DAY.
The resolution submitted by Mr. PRESTON,
for the re-annexation oí Tetas to the United States,
was taken up as the order of the day, when,
Mr. PRESTON rose and addressed the Senate
until past three o'clock on the subject of hts resolu-
tion He spoke of Texas as a young and vigorous
Republic, that had risen like an exhalation from the
earth, and destined, at no very distant day, to be a
grand and glorious empire. Mr. P. glanced at the
relative condition of Mexico and Texas, the one
almost a wild and unproductive waste, while the
other, though but ot yesterday, in matters of legis-
lation, of jurisprudence, commercial knowledge,
and agricultural science, was far, very far, m ad-
vance And were we to forego the mighty advan-
tage that was offered us by the annexation of this
great country, from the idle dread, and wretched
scruples which oar Northern brethren seemed to
entertain, lest it would be the means of spreading
negro slaveiy? Mr P contended, tnat if Texas
remained to herself, slavery might be extended;
but if she were annexed to us, the condition of the
slave would be improved, while there would be no
addition to the number. [As soon a^ the reporter
can prepare from his notes this eloquent and forci-
ble speech, it will be piesented to the public ]
The Senate went into the consideration of Ex-
ecutive business, Mid when the doois were opened,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, April 25, 1838.
REPORT OP THE DUELLING COMMITTEE
The House resumed the unfinished business, be-
ing the report of the committee appointed to inves-
tigate the cause  which led to the death of the Hon.
Jonathan CniFy, late a member of the House,
the question being on the motion of Mr Touoet,
under the unanimous direction of the committee, to
print and postpone it till Monday week
Mr. SLADE continutd his remarks in opposi-
tion to the printing of the report, testimony, &c.
mamly on the ground that it should be first ascer-
