CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             233
-  ■              -  r,   .                             .                      ■■,,              ,                            *          ..          i                        z=
then challenged him in this city, and slew him in I
this vicinity, while Congress was in session. Every r
step of Mr. Graves in this progress, involved him
deeper and deeper in a breach of the privileges
of the House, until their destruction was consum-
mated in the person of Mr. Cilley. The eye of rea-
son can discover, in the whole course of Mr. Cilley,
no offence towards those who pursued him, ex-
cept that given by alluding to the records of Con-
gress, in the faithful and upright discharge of his
duty as a member, which, justly, could have given
no, offence at all. Nor can his death be vindicated
or excused by any circumstance whatsover, not even
by that custom, the relic of unenlightened and
barbarous ages, which was formerly supposed
to be a proof of some decree of physical courage,
but is, ia fact, a signal monument of the want of
the higher attribute of moral courage; which has,
in these modern times, degenerated into a game of
chances and a scramble for undue advantages;
which can furnish no criterion for truth, justice, or
honor, and deals out its inflictions of misery most
severely upon the unoffending and the helpless;
which is deeply deplored by all men, even those
who submit to it, and is forbidden, in every stage
of it, by all law, human and divine.
It is not necessary, on the present occasion, to go
into any consideration of the general power of the
House to punish for breach of privilege; or. to in-
quire into the origin and foundation of that power
over contempts, which has been asserted by the
Parliament of Great Britain, from tima immemo-
rial, by every legislative body, by every judicial
tribunal from the highest to the lowest, and, re-
peatedly, by one or the other House of Congress,
and has been recognised as existing in the House
of Representatives by the Supreme Court of the
United States. Whether it be a power necessary
to the continued existence of the legislative body,
or a power necessary to the 1'ree exercise of its
legislative functions, it is in either case a neces-
sary power, strictly granted by the Constitution,
and as fully granted as if it were literally expressed.
But in the casejof members, the Constitution has
expressly granted the power to punish for disor-
derly conduct; and has, also, expressly granted the
power, with the concurrence of two-thirds, to ex-
pel a member for any cause which two-thirds of
the House may deem sufficient.
The committee, therefore, viewing the breach of
the rights and privileges of the House, on the part
of Mr. Graves, to have been an offence of this
high character, against the vital principle of a de-
liberative assembly and of representative Govern-
ment, feel constrained, by a sense of duty, to pre-
sent to the House a resolution that he be expelled
therefrom.
It has been decided by the House of Representa-
tives, on a former occasion, that it was a breach
of privilege to send a challenge to a member in at-
tendance, or to be the bearer of such challenge.
And it is equally so to act as second to the chal-
lenger. In the present instance it appears that Mr.
Wise had no knowledge of the demand of explana-
tion which was borne by Mr. Graves, and had
never seen that paper until after the fatal catas-
trophe. But having been early consulted by Mr.
Graves upon the first letter of Mr. Cilley, and con-
curred with him in his views of it, he bore the chal-
lenge to Mr. Cilley, and he acted throughout as
the second of the challenger, advising and insisting
that the fight should go on, until Mr. Cilley fell.
The committee, therefore, deeming him deeply in-
volved, under the circumstances which this case
presents, in a breach of the privileges of the House,
report a resolution that he deserves the decided
censure of the House, and that he be censured ac-
cordingly.
Mr. Jones had no knowledge of the affair until
the determination of Mr. Cilley had been formed
as to the acceptance of the challenge, and the time,
mode, weapon, and other preliminaries of the meet-
ing. But he was the bearer of the acceptance, and
acted throughout as the second of the challenged
party; and it is the opinion of the committee that
he was thereby involved in a breach of privilege,
and that he be censured therefor.
In regard to the persons, not principal nor
seconds, who were present on the field, and ex-
pressed their opinions at the request of the par-
ties, without having advised, instigated, or procur-
ed the meeting, however they might be implicated
in the courts of law, the committee entertain
doubts how far they fKpuld be involved in a breach
of privilege; and, under a strong conviction that
the power of the House should be exercised, ne-
ver in a doubtful case, always with moderation,
they content themselves with presenting the facts
and circumstances, so far as those persons are con-
cernedj without proposing any action thereon.
The committee entertain no doubt that James
Watson Webb has been guilty of a breach of the
privileges of the House; but they also concur una-
nimously in the opinion, that if there be any real
ground to believe that a conspiracy to assassinate
actually existed, as set forth in that atrocious pa-
per drawn up by him, signed by Daniel Jackson
and William H. Morell, sworn to by the latter,
and published in the New York Courier and En-
quirer, he be left to the chastisement of the courts
of law and of public opinion, and that the House
will consult its own dignity and the public inte-
rests by bestowing upon him no further notice.
As soon as the report was read, as the Clerk
was about to read the resolutions with which it
concludes,
Mr. WISE asked leave to propound a question
to the chairman of the committee, in justice to all
the parties concerned.
Mr. TURNEY inquired if the reading of the
whole paper was concluded'!
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. TURNEY must then object to arresting it
at this stage.
Mr. WISE would remark to the gentleman that
the question came in pertinently at that time. It
was a single question.
Mr. TURNEY would withdraw it for that pur-
pose, but he should renew the objection if it arrested
the reading of the report for any length of time.
Mr. WISE said it was one of serious import as
respected himself as second in that affair, or he
should not have interposed at that time. There
was a general remark, as would be noticed by the
House, in the repoit of the majority in relation to
the general practice of duelling. Speaking of the
character of that practice, they speak of it
generally as a scramble for undue advantages.
I merely wish, sakflMr. W. to ask the chairman,
to ask all the members of the committee, so that
my remark may not be misunderstood by the
world, or by any here presgnt or absent, whether
the least particle of the least conviction existed in
the mind of any one member of that committee,
that the least undue, or scramble for undue advan-
tage, was taken, or attempted to be taken, in this
fight? Whether the friends of the deceased did not
think the fight was perfectly fair, and whether there
was any evidsnee to show there was any undue
advantage taken in any way, in any manner, by
any of the parlies?
Mr. TOUCEY said I will answer in the most
positive manner, as far as I know, that it was not
the intention of the committee, in that general re-
mark, to make any application of it to this parti-
cular case, nor to accuse any one on the field
for any scramble for undue advantage, or any
thing that would be denominated unfair. Nor was
there any evidence of any thing of the kind.
The resolations with which the report concludes
were then read as follows:
Resolved, That William J. Graves, a member
of this House from the State of Kentucky, in
bearing to the late Jonathan Cilley, then a mem-
ber of this House, the demand for explanation of
woids spoken in debate, demanding his reasons for
declining to receive it, and challenging him, and
engaging in a late duel with him, which terminated
in his death, has been guilty of a breach of the
privilege of this House.
And be it further resolved, That the said W. J. G.
for said breach of privilege be, and hereby is, ex-
pelled from this House.
Resolved, That Henry A. Wise, in bearing a
challenge to the late Jonathan Cillet, then a
member 6f this House, and acting as a second to
the challenger in the duel, which terminated in the
death of Mr. Cilley, has been guilty of a breach
of the privileges of this House, and that he deserves
the decided censure of this House, and hereby is
censured accordingly.
Resolved, That Geo. W. Jones, in acting as se-
cond to the challenged party, the late Jonathan
Cilley, then a member of this House, in the duel
which terminated ia his death, has been guilty of a
breach of the privileges of this House, and that he
be therefor, and hereby is, censured accordingly by
this House.
Mr. HUNTER of Virginia, at this stage, moved
an adjournment: lost.
The report, or counter-report, of Messrs. GREN-
NELL and RARIDEN was then read through by
the Clerk, and having been concluded,
Mr. BRONSON moved that the House do ad-
journ; which motion was carried in the negative.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the report of
Mr. ELMORE, another member of the select com-
mittee.
As soon as the reading of the above report was
concluded—
Mr. TOUCEY obtained the floor, and, on his
motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, April 25, 1838.
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Navy Department, enclosing in compliance with
the resolution of the 5th of March last, sundry
documents in relation to Navy Pension agents: laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD presented a memorial of a
bank in Boston, praying to be indemnified for de-
preciated bank notes, received from the collector
of the customs; which together with a communica-
tion from the collector on the subject, was referred
to the Comraittre on Finance.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred the petition of Johnson and Shraver, re-
ported a bill for their relief; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution, for the purchase
of an island at the confluence of the St. Peters and
Mississippi rivers; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
The bill supplementary to the act, entitled an
act to amend the act for the appointment of com-
missioners to adjust claims to reservations of land
under the 14th article of the treaty of 1830 with
the Choctaw Indians, was read the third time and
passed.
The report of the select committee, appointed to
inquire into the charges against the honorable John
Rugóles (declaring in substance that the said
charges are wholly groundless) was considered, and
concurred in.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced- a bill to
allow the inhabitants of township eight north,
range twenty-one west, to enter a section of land,
in lieu of the 16th section; winch was twice read,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. PRENTISS, the Senate took
up the bill to establish a board of commissioners to
hear and examine claims against the United States.
Mr. MERRICK submitted an amendment, re-
quiring the solicitor of the board to file written
arguments in behalf of the United States, when
required to do so by the board, and prohibiting said
solicitor from engaging in the practice of the law:
agreed to.
Mr. NORVELL here addresseed the Senate ge-
nerally in opposition to the bill.
Mr. KING expressed his disapprobation at the
amendment just adopted. He was of the opinion
"that it should be made imperative on the solicitor
to file answers in behalf of the United States in
every case, whether required to do so by the board
or not; and he intimated his intention of offering an
amendment to that effect.
Mr. MERRICK replied. He thought that there
would be a great many cases so plain, and so tri-
fling in ameunt, as to require no argument at all,
and where a plain statement of facts would be all
that could be necessary. Mr. M. made a few ad-
ditional observations in favor of the bill.
