334
Mr. HUBBARD was opposed to the fifth sec-
tion altogether. He thought no solicitor would
be necessary, and that a competent board of com-
missioners would be all that was required to do
justice both to the United States and to the claim-
ants. After some remarks at length in support of
the bill,
A debate ensued, in which it was supported by
Messrs PRENTISS, HÜBBARD, NILES, BU-
CHANAN, BAYARD, and CLAY of Alabama,
and opposed by Messrs. NORVELL, CALHOUN,
and BENTON.
Mr. TIPTON spoke in favor of the general
principles of the bill, but was opposed to the high
salaries provided for. He thought $1,800 each
would be amply sufficient for the commissioners,
and $800 for the clerk, instead of §3,000 and
$1,400. If the friends of the bill, he said, would
not consent to cut down the salaries, he would
vote against it.
Mr. CALHOUN moved to lay the bill on the
table, with a view to the appointment of a select
committee to take into consideration the subject of
claims on Congress, and to devise some mode of
legislation with regard to them that would remedy
the evils and inconveniences that had caused the
introduction of the bill.
On taking the question, Mr. Calhoun's motion
was rejected—yeas 13, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Blown, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Lampkm, Morris, Nor-
vell, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Trotter, Wright,
and Young—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lyon, Nicholas, Niles,
Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Roane, Robinson,
Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Spence, Swift,
Tipton, Walker, White, and Williams—27.
After some remarks from Messrs. CLAY of
Kentucky, SEVIER, HUBBARD, WHITE, and
LINN,
Mr. HUBBARD moved to strike out the 5th
section, which provides for the appointment of a
solicitor; and this motion being agreed to,
Mr. BAYARD moved to amend the bill further
by making the number of commissioners two, in-
' stead of three.     This amendment was also agreed
to.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to strike out the 4th
section, which allows claimants to appear before
the Board by counsel: agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS expressed a wish to address the
Senate on the subject; but, on account of the late-
ness of the hour, preferred postponing his remarks
till to-morrow.
On the motion of this gentleman, then,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, April 26, 1838.
The SPEAKER, on leave, laid before the House
sundry communications, viz:
1.   from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting a report of the amount received from the
sales of public lands in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and
Missouri, in refeience to the Cumberland Road,
together with a statement of the amount of money
appropriated for the Cumberland Road, &c.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGfS, laid on the table.
2.  A communication from the Secretary of the
Navy, correcting an error in a former report in re-
lation to the date of appointment of the scientific
corps of the Exploring Expedition.
On motion of Mr. INGHAM, referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
3.  From the Postmaster General, in relation to
the number of failures $f the New York express
mail, to the first of January last.
On motion o( Mr. CUSHMAN, laid on the
table.
4.  From the Postmaster General, transmitting a
report of the irregularities and failures of the great
western mail, between Washington City and
Wheeling, within the last three months, together
with the causes thereof, so far as they are known
io that Department.
On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY, Jai A On the
table.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SERGEANT, on leave, presented a me-
morial from the Chamber of Commerce, of Phila-
delphia, praying for appropriations for repairing
and improving the harbors of the river and bay of
Delaware, with sundry accompanying documents,
which, on his motion, were all referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Petitions, on leave, were also presented by
Mr. BOULDIN of Virginia and Mr. LYON of
Alabama.
Mr. HEROD, on leave, Submitted the following
resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of so changing mail route No. 2569, in
Indiana, as to cause the same to pass through Far-
mington, in Hamilton county, in said State:
Sundry Senate   bills, on the Speaker's table,
were, at the suggestion of Mr. BRIGGS, by gene-
ral consent, taken up, read twice, and referred to
the appropriate standing commiltees.
THE LATE DUEL.
The unfinished business being the report of the
select committee appointed to investigate the causes
which led to the death of the late Hon. Jonathan
Cilley, was then, resumed.
The question still pending was on the motion of
Mr. Touchy, under the unanimous direction of the
committee, t  print and postpone the same till
Monday week.
Mr. TOUCEY was entitled to the floor, but be-
fore he proceeded, Mr. WISE called for the read-
ing of the remainder of the reports, being the tes-
timony taken in the investigation.
The Clerk proceeded till about a quarter past
3 o'clock, when the Chair announced that a mes-
sage was in attendence from the President of the
United Slates, and said that with the unanimous
consent of the House it would be received.
Mr. SAWYER rose and objected.
The SPEAKER said it was a very delicate
question, and hoped it would not be raised.
Mr. SAWYER said he considered the subject
before the House a solemn farce, and he trusted
that no business would be interposed before it was
settled.
The SPEAKER said he knew of no instance in
which a message from the Chief Magistrate had
been refused. It was a delicate question between
the parliamentary rule, that pending a question of
privilege no other business could be entertained,
and the constitutional right of the Chief Magistrate
to make a communication to the House. He re-
peated that he hoped that question would not be
raised, as the communication would be laid upon
the table, and would present 'no obstacle to the
proceeding of the House.
Mr. SAWYER said he understood the Chair as
having decided, that no business could be inter-
posed during this proceeding.
The SPEAKER said that the Chair had decided,
that according to the parliamentary rule, no busi-
ness could be interposed, without the unanimous
consent of the House; and inquired if the gentle-
man waived his objection.
[Cries of leave, leave.]
Mr. SAWYER said he adhered to his objection.
The SPEAKER said, that if the Chair was
compelled to decide between the parliamentary
rule, and the constitutional right of the President
to send a message to the House at any time, he
should decide that the message must be received;
but he hoped the question would not be raised at
that time; and trusted the objection would be with-
drawn.
[Cries of leave, leave.]
Mr. SAWYER then waivedhis objection; and the
message was received, by the hands of Abraham
Van Bdren, esq. the President's private secretary.
Mr. HOWARD gave notice that, beiore the
House adjourned to-day, he should ask leave to
have the message read and referred.
The reading of the testimony in the duel inves-
tigation was then resumed, and proceeded in till
shortly after 4 o'clock, when, on motion of Mr.
WILLIAMS of North Carolina,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, April 27, 1838.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of the heirs
0f---------¿;. Powell, a surgeon in the Revolutionary
army, praying commutation: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.,
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented a memorial,
or rather a remonstrance, signed by a delegation of
Cherokee and Choctaw Indians, from the west of
the Mississippi, against the adoplion of the Territo-
rial Government, as" contemplated by. a bill now
pending in the Senate. These Indians, many of
whom were educated men, stated that some of the
tribes were wild Indians, with whom they did not
desire to be associated. Opothle Yoholo he was
personally acquainted with. From information
he had received in relation to this matter, he
did not know when that subject came up, but he
would move to postpone the bill indefinitely. He
would move that the remonstrance be laid on the
table and printed. The reading of the memorial
having been called for, the Secretary read as fol-
lows:
, Wasbinqton City, April 26, 1838.
To the Hon. President of the Senate, and Speaker and
members of the House of Representatives:
The undersigned memorialists, having learnt
since their arrival in this city, that a bill, denomi-
nated a bill to provide for the security and protec-
tion of the emigrant and other Indians west of the
Stales of Missouri and Arkansas, had been intro-
duced, and is pending before the Senate of the
United States, respectfully beg leave, in behalf of
our nations, to represent to your honorable bodies
that the provisions therein contained, are calculated
to excite dissatisfaction and distrust in the minds of
our people; and as we have removed and settled in
the West, under the firm pledge of the Govern-
msnt of the United States to protect us, and that we
should be permitted to remain free from the opera-
tions of any State or Territorial laws, we pray that
Congress will not embrace our nations in the said
Territorial limits.
R. M. Jones, George W. Harkins,Pierre Jüzone,
Choctaw Delegation.
Opothle Yoholo, his x mark; Rolly McIntosh,
his x mark; Fushatche Hicco, his x   mark;
Sitchy Cornelle, his x mark; James Islands,
his  x mark; Ne-hi Yoholo, his  x mark; Jim
Boy, his x mark.
In presence. of John MoIntbsh, Interpreter Creek
Delegation; Jas. L. Alexander, Barent Dubois.
Mr. TIPTON said he would oppose no obstacle
to the printing of the memorial introduced by the
Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay.] He did not
know, but he would have presented it himself, if the
memorialists had asked him to do so. It was not his
desire to thwart the wishes of any of the Indians, if
those wishes were honest and proper.
It was our duty, as Tie had no doubt it was the
wish, of every Senator to hear all that could be
said for or against the important measure, (the bill
for organizing the Indian Territory,) which the
honorable member had told us he would, when it
came up, move to lay on the table; but, as states-
men, we had a right to look into the motives of
those who present themselves here as memorialists.
The first inquiry is, who are they, and what their
object? The Senator has told us that he is per-
sonally acquainted with ¡Opothle Yoholo, and some
others, who had signed the paper read by the Se-
cretary. I, said Mr. T. am acquainted with some
of those whose names are appended to that paper.
The name and the doings of Opothle Yoholo have
made an impression on my mind that will never
escape me. If we review past scenes, we cannot
but remember that this same man was m our pos-
session, and his country was ours, by the laws of
war, in 1814. We spared his life, and restored his
country, and condescended to purchase that same
country from his tribe; and we are under obliga-
tions to find them a permanent home in the country
west of the Mississippi. A majority of the Creek
tribe have removed to, and located themselves in,
the country given to them in exchange for their
lands east of the Mississippi.
Jones, the Choctaw, whose name is appended to
the paper in question, is personally known to me ;
he is an educated Indian belonging to the Choctaws
west of the Mississippi; and what, I would inquire,
