386
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Senater. The true policy of the Government
was to elevate the Indian character, by enlarging
and cu.tivatmg their moral qualities, by infusing
in them a proper spirit of self-respect and depend-
ence upon their own resources, their own individual
and united exertions. He would give them lands
in fee simple, and issue patents to them, by which
means they would be secured fiom the pressure
and intrusion of the whites. The measure, on the
part of the Government towards the Indians, was
a benign and wholesome one. It never contem-
plated to force them into the adoption of its pro-
visions against their will, they were left free to
act, they might either come into the measure or
reject "it Mr W. expressed a wish, when the bill
was ttken up the other day and postponed, after
the very excellent speech of the Senator from In-
diana, [Mr. Tipton,] that when it came to be
discussed, that it would be brought to a final issue,
and he would again repeat that desire He felt
sorry that any debate had arisen on this question;
he did not intend to have opened his lips, nor
should he, had not he been alluded to in the re-
marks. He regretted that he had been compelled
to say so much. Mr. W. concluded by observing
that he was well convinced that the Senator from
Alabama would never withhold his vote from that
bill at the instance of any red people. He was
persuaded that when that Senator came to examine
it with his usual care and attention, that he would
not only give his vote, but his argument, m favor
of a measure that he (Mr W) believed, before
God and man, was among the most praiseworthy
that had ever been entertained by any Govern-
ment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama repeated again that he
had no idea of bringing on a discussion on this sub-
ject, and he confessed tfeat he had not prepared
himself by a critical examination of the provisions
of the bill to go mto its merits. He always felt the
greatest deference and respect for the opinions of
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, and placed
much confidence in his experience and judgment,
and he should, therefore, give every possible consi-
deration to the subject. If, on examination, he
should come to the conclusion that the bill was
calculated for the protection of the frontiers as well
as of the Indians, and that simplicity and economy
in the management of our Indian affairs would be
promoted by it, he would very cheerfully give it
his support.
Mr SEVIER said there was not a Choctaw chief
.in the city that he knew of; that those of that na-
tion who were here were only citizens of the tribe,
and not chief , that one or two of them were mer-
chants, and that the balance of them were here on
the private affair5; of the nation So far as he
understood their business, they had no authority
from their nation to speak upon this or any other
general interests of the tribe, and, therefore, he
must consider their movement m this matter gra-
tuitous, wholly uncalled for, and calculated to
thwart the views of the Administration, and do
great injury, not only to themselves, but to the
other tribes, for whose benefit it is proposed to pass
the bill
With regard to the Creek chief, Opothle Yo-
holo, Mr S said he did not know him personally,
although he was a neighbor, and a kind of quasi
constituent of his and on that account he would,
m the kindest spirit, take the libeity of giving him
a little piece of good advice, not only upon this
subject, but upon another I would advise him to
attend to the business which brought him here,
and not 10 meddle in the affairs of the Government.
One of the first things which he discovered his red
brother to be driving at, was to get the agent of the
Government for the Creeks removed. He has ad-
dressed a letter to you, sir, [Mr King of Alabama]
and your colleague, requesting your influence with
the President to get the agent removed, and to get
another, (one of your constituents, Mr. Abbott,)
appointed in his place. And what is the reason
he assigns for wishing this change? He says that
the former agent, Mr. Sandiord, had promised him
that he should be consulted upon this subject, etc.
I will tell my red brother that Mr. Sandford had
no authority to make him such a promise, and that
he has got a good agent now, who will please him
when he knows him, and that my advice to him is,
to accept him willingly, and say no more upon this
subject.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama explained. The Sena-
tor misunderstood the letter of Opothle Yoholo
The water says that Gen. Sandford, the late agent,
promised them that he would previously notify
them of his resignation, in order that they might
have the opportunity of advising in the appoint-
ment of his successor.
Mr. SEVIER continued. Prom this move-
ment, and from what we have just seen,
he thought his fuend was disposed to play
a great game He had come here, as he un-
derstood, with claims on the Government foi
personal injuries inflicted upon him by the conduct
of Gen. Jesup, and if his claims were well-found-
ed, he was disposed to aid him as far as possible.
The Senator from Alabama has spoken warmly in
the praise of this Chief, and I am not disposed to
detract any thing from the eulogy he has received.
But he must say that he had labored under a great
misapprehension, if it were true that he had always
been the friend of the whites. He had thought
otherwise He had thought he had been mimical
to the interests of the whites, and to the friendly
Creek«¡. He had always understood that he was
at the head of those who had murdered old Mcin-
tosh, the unwavering friend of the United States.
This was the universal impression m our part of
the United States. It was the impression among
the Creeks themselves; for Chilly Mcintosh, the
son of the martyr, who is at present one of the
Chiefs of the Creek Indians, and always the friend
of the whites, and who had long since removed
west of the Mississippi, told Yoholo he could not
stay in his country, and the reason of this was, that
he had murdered Chilly's father, some years be-
fore, on account of a treaty made with the Govern-
ment. And here I must beg leave to relate a little
history, as I have had it, and believe it to be true
Chilly had a sister, who seemed more embittered
against Yoholo, than Chilly himself. She was
determined he should be punished for his conduct
to her father She told Chilly he was a chief and
warrior, and ought to demean himself as one, and
as the son of their murdered father, he must with-
out delay call Yoholo to an account, and decide the
matter by pergonal combat; and that if he was too
pusillanimous to do it, that she would undeitake it
herself. Such was the deadly feud between the
parties, that Gen. Arbuckle and the superintend-
ent had to make peace between them. Mr.S. said
he would advise his friend and guardian constitu-
ent to attend to his own business, and let the con-
cerns of the United States alone, for when he found
him poaching oh that manor, he Mr. S. should
most unquestionably oppose and defeat his propo-
sition if he could. Mr. S said that all the other
tribes combined which had removed, would not
make up half the number of the Creeks, Choctaws,
and Cherokees These men knew very well that if
the course recommended by the bill was pursued,
and the individuals of the tribes enlightened, that
the influence of the chiefs would sink in the dust.
Wnat was the practice with regard to these annui-
tiesl The nation, by the treaty stipulations, was
lo be paid pro rata or rather per capte, and some
four or five chiefs generally got the whole, while
a common Indian never saw a dollar of it. The
bi'l reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
was tne only measure that would have a tendency
to correct these evils, and he had not the slightest
doubt but when his friend from Alabama came to
investigate tht subject, that so far from voting to
postpone the bill indefinitely, he would be among
the fir t to lend it his very able and zealous sup-
poit
Mr. CLAY of Alabama did not wish any erro-
neous impressions to go abroad with regard to these
people, who had thought proper to entrust their
remonstrance to his charge. They did not repre-
sent themselves as chiefs, but as delegates Opothle
Yoholo was not *ent across the Mississippi in
irons, though it was true that some of the hostiles
were. The object of Opothle Yoholo in visiting
this city was to get indemnity lor property lost by
him in consequence of his being hurried off by the
agent of the Government before he had time to
secure it. He, Mr. C. learned this from a very
high-minded and honorable man, Capt. Armstrong,
the Indian agent
Mr SEVIER said that he was mistaken in
supposing that Opothle Yoholo had been sent across
the Mississippi m irons, though he knew that many
of the hostiles were.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama. No, sir; he fougnt our
battles, and deserves rather better treatment than
he receives.
The memorial was then laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that two or thiee days
ago he presented a memorial asking Congress for
an appropriation to repair the piers at Reedy
Island, m the Delaware. The necessity of these
repairs appeared evident from a correspondence
between Capt. Valette, of the army and the Secre-
tary oí War. He, Mr. B. wished that eorrespon-
áence to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and he begged leave to call the par-
ticular attention of the chairman of that committee
to the subject.   The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which had been referred the resolut'on
of the Senate instructing them to inquire mto the
expediency of amending the law of 1830 m rela-
tion to the impoitation of railroad iron, moved to
be discharged from the farther consideration thereof-
agreed to.
Mr. W. also moved that the said committee be
discharged from the further consideration of two
memorials from the Chamber of Commerce of the
city of New York, asking the establishment of the
warehousing system, on the ground that the memo-
rialists did not ask for such a system as the com-
mittee believed that Congress would adopt, or that
it would be wise to adopt- agreed to
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which had
been referred the resolution of the Senate inquiring
into the expediency of refunding to certain mer-
chants of Mobile the sums paid by them on the
renewal of duty bonds, moved to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, on the
ground that it would be inexpedient to legislate on
the subject without passing a general law em-
bracing all such cases- agresd to.
Mr TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which had been referred the bill
from the House making appropriation for the
continuation of the Cumberland road m the States
 f Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, reported the same
without amendment, recommending its passage;
and gave notice that he should call the bill up at
an early day.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief  f Henry H. Mar*, which was, by
general consent, twice read, and referred to the
Committee on Pbuhc Lands.
The following resolutions were submitted, and
by general consent, considered and adopted.
By Mr TROTTER
Resolved, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the expe-
diency of establishing a post loute from Aberdeen,
by Pulton, to Jacinto, in the State of Mississippi;
and, also, from Fulton to Russellville, m the State
of Alabama.
By Mr. WILLIAMS
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of re-
pealing, or modifying, an act for the more equita-
ble administration of the navy pension fund, pas-
sed March 3, 1837, with leave to report by bill or
otherw íse
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize payment to be
made to the Missouri volunteers, for their services
m 1829 and 1836: read, and ordered to a second
reading.
The Senate then proceeded to the discussion of
the bill to establish a Board of Commissioners to
hear and examine claims against the United States.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the bill was so
amended that the decision of the Board of Claims,
together with all the evidence in each case, and the
opinion of the board, should be presented to Con-
gress during the first ten days of each annual ses-
sion.
Mr. TIPTON moved to strike out the sum of
