342                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
per time arrived, Mr E said he should be pre-
pared to express himself openly and fearlessly up-
on the merits of the question, and would stop at no
half-way house. But, for the present, he had only
to say to those gentlemen who construed the Con-
stitution for themselves, that they must not tell
him, because he construed it different'y, that he
had trampled it under foot
Mr HOWARD announced his intention to call
for the yeas and nays upon ihe passage of the reso-
lutions, and then went into an argument, at length,
in replv to some arguments that had been used m
debate
Mr CAMBRELENG rose to appeal to the '
members of the House of every party He re-
marked that it was perfectly evident that it this trial
was to go on, the public business must be indefi-
nitely postponed A whole week had been con-
sumed upon a mere preliminary question, and,
unless the House should come to a decision upon it
to-day, he should feel compelled to move a suspen-
sion of the rules on Monday morning, to allow the
House to proceed with the public business
Mr. MEISEFEE commented with severity upon
the injustice ol proceeding thus far in a proceeding
making an assault upon the character of members,
and then to cut short all opportunity for exculpa-
tion. If there had been time for accusation, there
must be time, also, for justification He intimated
that friends oí the Administration in the House
had taken this cise up as an exception to the gene-
ral manner in which duels had been looked upon
heretofore, and for party purposes, and whatever
delay or loss of time may be occasioned, or what-
ever obstructions to the public business, the lespon-
sibihty must rest upon those members who had in-
troduced the proceeding, and who h,id carried it
to a point, the most improper of all others to stop
at The trial must proceed until it is finished
The House might, he said, get rid of it, but it
must be m a constitutional way, and consistently
with the rights of the accused.
Mr M then went on to argue upon the motion
before the House, and supported the proposition to
commit the subject to a committee on privilege-, as
the lest way to bring the House to a speedy and
correct decision
Mr BELL, at this stage, moved an adjournment.
Mr CUSHMAN called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were jeas 7G, najs 96
So the House refused to adjourn
Mr MALLORY moved a call of the House
Mr JENIFER asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered
Mr. POTTS then moved an adjournment, which
prevailed—ayes 92, noes 75, and so
The House adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, April 30, 1838
Mr KENNEDY, member elect fiom the State
orMaryland, appeared, was qualified, and took his
seat.
Mr M MORRIS of Pennsylvania, on leave
granted, presented two petitions, signed by eili/ens
of Pennsjlvnnia and New Jersey, one or th< m by
57 and the other by 49 persons, piaying that an act
of Congress may be passed establishing a mail
route Irom Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, by the wiy
of Frankford, Foxehase,Huntingdon, Soi rcl Horse,
Davisville, Spnngville, Richboro, Newtown, Do-
liugton, and Taj loraville, to Pennington, New
Jersey                                                                     '
Mr HENRY presented the petition of a number i
of citizens of the county of Mercer, for a pOot route I
from the town of Mercer, on the road to Scrub- i
gi ass, to the cross-road that leads from Buller to
Franklin on motion, referred to the Committee on I
the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr BR1DSALL, on leave, presented the memo-
rial of Matthew Dorr, of Sparta, Livingston coun-
ty, New York, praying a pension for Revolutionary
services referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pension*
Mr DAVEE, on leave, presented the petition of
Silas Hale for additional allowance as mail carrier
on post route No 92, State of Maine, which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Messrs. TOLAND, MAURY, and HAWKINS,
also, on leave, presented petitions
STEAM EXPLOSIONS.
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts called the
attention of the House to a very important bill
that he considered peculiarly demanded their con-
sideration, viz the "bill to authorize the appoint-
ment of persons to test the usefulness of inventions
to improve and render safe the boilers of steam-
engines against explosions," and he expressed a
hope that the Committee on Commerce, or some
member of it, would ask the consent of the House
to take it up at this time.
Mr CUSHMAN joined in the wish, and hoped
the House would jield its unanimous consent.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, inquired if there
was not a bill on the same subject reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary'
Mr CUSHMAN replied in the affirmative.
Mr WHITTLESEY suggested that both bills
be included in the motion
Mr CAMBRELENG said he must object, for
there was other and far more pressing business that
wanted action
Mr CALHOUN moved a suspension of the
lules, but the motion was rejected
Mr WHITTLESEY suggested that, as several
gentlemen were i esirous to present petitions, that
the rules be suspended for that purpose, but it was
not assented to
On motion oí Mi  GLASCOCK,
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of vesting
the appointment of Librarian in this House, and of
uniting the office with that of the Keeper of Public
Documents
On motion of Mr  RUSSELL,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House copies
of all correspondence and communications which
have passed between this and any foreign Govern-
ment, and the officer-; or agents thereof, relating to
the introduction of foieign paupers into the United
States, also, whit step ,, if any, have been taken to
prevent the introduction sf such paupers into the
United States, providtd such communication is
not incompatible with the interest of the United
States
Mr HUNTER of Ohio, asked (he consent of
the House to offer (he following, but objection was
irnde to it
Resolved, That the Seigeatit-at-arrns furnish to
this House a statement of the amount of specie
and specie checks paid to each member of Con-
gress during the extra session
Resolved, That the Secretary of w ar be directed
to lay before this House the report and survey of
the harbor of Sandusky, made by Lieut. Campbell
Graham, in the year 1826.
THE LATE DUEL
The House then resumed the unfinished busi-
ness, being the íeport of the committee appointed
to investigate the causes which led to the death
of Mr, Cilley, on the motion made by Mr
Toucev, under the unanimous direction of the
committee to print pnd postpone till Monday next
The question pending, was the motion of Mr
RoBLRrsoM to ¡eeomrmt the report to a com-
mitter to be denominated a committee on privi
lege'
Mr MENEFEE concluded his remarks m op-
position to the report, and the propriety of pnnting-
or acting upon it, upon the ground that the com-
mittee had transcend d their tiowers
Mr PICKhNS ihen obtained the ¡loot, and
stated that he had voted for the original proposition
oí the the gentleman from Maine, [Mr Fairfield,]
because it related to one of Ins colleagues, and he
should have voted in the same way had any other
gentleman been similarly situated But, consider-
ing the state of the public business, and the many
important, deeph important, questions, not only to
the House, but to the country at large, which were
held in suspense, and considering, also, that he was
utterly opposed to any resol u«ions upon this subject,
Mr P felt bound, under existing circumstances, to
move to lay the whole matter on the table In do-
ing so, he premised that no solicitation, from any
quarter, should induce him to withdraw it.   Mr. P.
then moved to lay the whole subject on the table,
and asked for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered.
Mr. Gít AVES did trust that the gentleman from
South Carolina would not thus close this debate,
but allow him an opportunity of defending him-
self.
Mr. WISE begged leave to address his most ear-
nest request to the gentleman from South Carolina
to withdraw that motion. Not only did he appeal
to the gentleman as his friend, hut as a member of
the House. Against such a decision he entered his
solemn protest.
Mr. PICKENS would accede with great plea-
sure, but he could not consistently with his public
duty.
Mr. PETRIKIN and Mr. GUSHING simulta-
neously rose and moved a call of the House, which
was ordered, and proceeded in till 198 members
were found to be present, when, on motion of Mr.
LEGARE, it was dispensed with.
The question then recurring on the motion to lay
on the table—
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana inquired of the
Chair, whether, if this motion prevailed, the re-
port and resolutions would appear upon the Jour-
nal, or be printed among the documents of the
House?
The CHAIR replied that it would not. The en-
try on the journal would be a simple entry of the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. M. MORRIS desired to know whether this
motion would include the bill either reported, or to
be reported, from that committee, to prevent the
practice of duelling.
The CHAIR replied in the regative.
Mr. ROBINSON of Mame and Mr. KENNE-
DY of Maryland, asked to be excused from voting,
on the ground of having been absent during the
discussion, which was given to them.
Mr. ELMORE asked to be excused on tha
ground of being a member of the committee; bat
he was refused.
Mr JONES of Wisconsin said, as this was a
matter deeply affecting him, he would also appeal
to the gentleman from South Carolina to withdraw
the mouon to lay on the table, for he felt that, if it
prevailed, he should he under at least the tacit
censure of the House
Mr. PICKENS did not withdraw the motion.
Mr WISE gave notice to the House that it was
useless to lay the subject on the table, for he should
demand its consideration as a question affecting
his privileges.
The motion to lay on the table was then decided
in the negative—yeas 28, nays 167.
Mr. ADAMS then moved to recommit the report
to the select committee, with instructions to strike
out the argumentative part thereof, and report tha
facts of the case.
The CHAIR ruled it not in order, pending th«
motion to postpone, which latter took precedence.
Mr. ADAMS then proceeded to discuss the mo-
tion to postpone, and went over the arguments that
had been used in reply to his remarks upon a
former day He argued, from several considera-
tions, that the report ought to be printed, stamped
with the seal of reprobation, that future legislator*
might know the precedent, and that, the report
being rejected, its character might be known also.
Mr WISE entered his protest, solemnly, for
various reasons, which he assigned at Isngth,
against the reception of the report, and against any
sanction of it by the House in any form; but if the
House chose to print it for the purpose of repro-
bating it, according to the suggestion of Mr.
Adams, he had no objection. He said that he
wished no delay, and protested agamst it, and de-
manded, as his right, a trial before his peers, and
openly before the House and the country.
Mr. GRAVES said he was not only willing, but
anxious, that the testimony should be printed, but
he protested against the printing of the report,
which he described to be a partial and gaibled
statement. He was opposed to the postponement
but in favor of its being recommitted, with lBstrug^
tions to report back the evidence alone, though he
submitted that it ought not to be received by the
