044
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVEE renewed the motion to adiourn-
lost.
Mr. ADAMS took the same ground a1? Mr.
Menefee on another point, viz. that the report was
not signed.
Mr. DUNCAN, after a few remarks in its sup-
port, called for the yeas and nays on las amend-
ment, which were ordered.
Mr. THOMAS rose to cm reel an enoneous
statement made by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Adams] That gentleman had
said tl u the report made by the mojoi'ly of the
bankcomm.ttee of 1832, of which he iMr. T )
and the gentleman were ruembeis, had been s yted
, y those who sanctioned it. Such v as no' the case
«-ecerü og to his leoolkctioii. Th  rtpoil o
■^ .j nity had been handed w bv Judge Clayton of
Ooirgii. In that <a-c he well remembcied that
some ot the reasoi u g by which 'he repott was
sjsU.ued had not* received his ont.'e appiobation.
tha' is, if he had ptepared the report, some of the
arguments upon which the conclusions wcie
flundtd would have been omitted, an I others in-
troduced. Th.s was almost invariably the case
m all repoits. The majority concurred in opinion
as to the conclusion—the result Cut we iHknow
that the chairman alone was held to be particularly
lesponsfole for the phraseology, language, mid
illustrations. Hence he was indulged in diawmj
up report, or. all points not mvolviug mr c p>s.
The statements Mr. T made with a lu'l know-
ledge ot the geneial accuracy <u the gr ntl-tnan
fiom Massachusetts, vhose giod memoiy alone
Was lequired to guard a^am 11.1ro . Cut he did
not tear, a'though ytar- h d passed since that
lepott was male, but tint it would be (ound he
had not imprudently weighed his lecol'ectuns
against the gentleman.
So far then as the proceeding, oí the bank commit-
tee were to be relied upon,tney J urnished a 1 till jus-
tification for the course which had been pursued in
this instance. And he appealed to eveiy expe-
rienced member of the House to say, whethet a
coarse like that taken m this case, and in the < ese
of the bank committee, was not 111 truth pmsued
by almost all committees wh'n elaborate discus-
sions were indulged in. In tact, no other process
could insure a report at all. Poi 11 would not be
contended that lour men could tie found who would
adopt precisely the-> .me langu,,;.'. to<\\p,.ss llv u
ideas in a long teport. They could j h •> readdy
in opinions, hut each one would have .1 favonte
mode of reaching their object--. Mr. T. said the
House might leject the íeport of this conimitke, if
it pleased the House so to do, with propriety; but
then 11 was unjust to found such a piocecdmg upon
adeged misconduct of a committee, where none ex-
isted. And as he thought that V proc edtngs of a
committee, of which he had been a member, had
oeen, without warrant, brought to hear, he had
been compelled, by a sense of juslice, to correct the
¡ Tor.
vlr. PETRIKIN withdrew his mo!,on.
Mr. MERCER and Mi. GRAY -ímnli.incous-y
rose and move! an adjournment. lost. 78 10 ?~j.
Mr. PETRIKBN moved a call oí the Ilon-e.
Ml. EltONSQN moved an adjournment, whi h
pieviuled, ajes Op, noes C/Í.
The petition presented by Mi. LJAWKINS of
Nonh Carolina yesterday, was horn a n.mibei of
citi/en  «1 that State, preying for tru, establishment
of.1 po-l íoute 'rom Henderson, a depot on the
ll.teyh and Gaston railroad, ¡0 'H'or.', n t> e
county ot Gianville, and >n Mi H'. r, n'un, 1'
was referred to die Commitec 11 the Post fifliec
aid Post Roads
IN SENATE,
Monda?-, April 30,183s.
Mr WALL piesen-ed the pett'io'i c* a n„iiih ■.
ot oitizecs of Now Jersey, praying C i-:>u ■• not to
admit any new S'ate into the Union Uha eons-;
tution tolerates domtsi c slave,): hud oa i x I Xk
Also, the petition ol 120 men ..ad o4 women,
praying for the abolition of slavery a..d the slave-
trade in the District of Co-umUa- motion to receive
laid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a anular petition ft.m
37 inhabitants of the town of Litchfield, New York,
which was disposed of in like manner.
On motion of Mr WRIGHT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
moJ¡!\ mg the law allowing a drawback of duty
upon foreign goods re-exported,*^ that foreign coal
re-eipoited, not to be landed at any foreign port,
hut to be consumed on board of vessels navigated
by steam between this and any foreign country,
niiv be entitled to a drawback of duly.
Mr CL VY of Alaban a piesenfed the petition of
Ope'hle Yoholo, a Créele Indian, ptaying compen-
sarlo ¡01 a negro lost m the mihlaiy service of
the United States: refeired to ths Committee on
Mdit try Adair?.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims was authorized to employ a
clerk.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of 1 he New York Peace Society, praying that, in
the adjustment of mu differences with Mexico, the
111 tru'iie itahly ol an aibitratoi may be employed;
als-i, suggesting tin propiieh of the establishment
of a Coi,gre s of Nations foi the purpose of set-
ting dinVultjcs which may .uise among different
natu n , and f 1 averting die evils of war. laid on
the I 'li'e   and otdeied to be punted.
Mi D WIS presented a memorial on the sub-
¡ee' id th' ChoioW ueaty; which was laid on the
laid-
fn. RIVES presented the memorial of Ann Eli-
¡m L un íe, prayinsr lor anears of pension: referred
to the Co'omiHee on Naval Affairs.
Mi KING presented the memmialof Francisco
Gutti'nez de Aiajo, praying confirmation of claim
to a tract of land: referred to the Committee on
Pnvate Land Claims.
Mr. CL-VY of Kentucky rose to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on Finance
[Mr. WniGriT.] We have arrived, said he, ata
vet y important moment in the monetary affairs of
the counti y. Some of the banks in Boston and
New Y01 ¡c have in fact already resumed specie
payments, and others are expected to follow that
'■xuinple in a few days. He hoped that example
would be generally imitated, at least by all the
banks which have the ability to do so, except the
S Hili-.uesiein banks, which, he was afraid, were
not piepaied. But the object of his inquiry was
lo asi eit.un wbeiher theie was before the committee,
01 the Executive blanch of the Government, any
inti nli hi to bring Jo>>vard any measuie other than
that which had passed this body, ; nd was now
leing 111 the House of Representatives, with a view
to .id! and encourage the banks in that resumption
If there was no intention on the parr id the chair-
rj.iii or the Executive liram h ol the Government
to do lay thing to aid the hanks, it had been
tnonght by some that the duty devolved on htm to
sttgt-est some such measure.
Mi. WRIGHT re 1 lied that he could answer the
in.pnty of the isenatei. Theie was noilnng before
lb" committee at pnseni m ndation to the matter.
What had been 11111 red to that committee by the
r-' ,.te had then bien acted on. Touching any
\ 11 w> eiit' ilain-d by the Executive, Mr. W. pro-
le s, ,i iiimsell t(i be as ignorant ol as ihe Senator
ii' in Kentucky
\I>. CLAY if Km'Kcly then offered the fol-
io use- jmiit rrso'uix 1 , which was lead .
fit solved fit/ /'r  'i ntdt and /7í>iís< cf Rtjiresen-
tuli r- nj the. Unilid Sti'lcs of Jtmnu 1 or Congiebs
as,nnulti'L Th.it a > i "■inmnation s.ViSl be male as
' i.i crKi.iy < r mulium of payment m the seve-
< ' biaiu lus 1 if the Public Revenue, 01 in debts or
duts-tufhe. Govermii'nt; and that, until otherwise
o'deied by Oongiess, thenotesoi sound hanks which
aic p«\a'olo and ¡uid on demand in the legal cur-
rency of the United States, under suitable lestrtc-
tion-, to b' lort.n.ith piesciibe-i and promulgated
lv th1 ¡Siueidfy 1 f 'he Tieasury, shall be received
nip.yn. n'-oi t .t avenue and of deois and .«esto
tt.e 1 -..wL'nflicni, and •A,\\\ be subsequently dis-
bi 1 ■', ' t course of public expenditure, to al-
jj 'loe creditors who ar« willing to receive them."
i\< UKUNDY wished to call the atteatton of
• 'it Si iMtor fiom Kentucky'to a single point, aot
Wh any hostile views to  the resoiuticn itself, or
for the purpose of expressing any opinions on the
subject, but with a. view to a more distinct expres-
sin of opinion; and it was this: whether "the resolu-
tion ought not to restrict its operations to notes of
banks in the vicinity in which they are to be re-
ceived and disbursed? Otherwise the resolution
might produce difficulties which the Senator per-
haps did not contemplate. He supposed the Sena-
tor would not object to restricting the resolution ia
the way he suggested.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said that was matter of
detail, which would necessarily come before the
Senate when the subject came up for discussion. If
the honorable Senator from Tennessee had attend-
ed to the reading of the resolution, he would have
perceived that it did not require an indiscriminate
receipt of all notes; but they were to be taken under
suitable regulations, as the Secretary of the Trea-
sury might prescribe; such notes, for instance, as
the people were willing to receive in all parts of the
country. The.se, however, were mere matters of
detail, which could be made to meet the exigency
when the subject came up for discussion.
The resolution was then ordered to a second
reading.
The bill to grant to the States and incorporated
companies engaged in the construction of roads
and canals the right of way through the public
lands was taken up.
Mr. LYON then moved the following amend-
ment: to insert at the end of the fourth section the
following:
"And where any of the sections through which
any such road, or canal, or its branches, shall pass,
have not been offered at public sale, and therefore
not subject to entry, such State or company may
enter the same at one dollar and twenty-five cents
per acre, when the remaining lands in the district
where said sections may lie shall have been pro-
claimed by the President of the United States, and
offered for sale."
Mr. TIPTON thought the bill a very important
one, and sincerely trusted that gentlemen from the
new States would not embarrass it by adding
amendments, the consequence of which might be
to defeat the measure. There were other bills pend-
ing before the Senate where the Senator would
have an opportunity of introducing the provision
he so much desired. And he appealed to the gen-
tleman to withdraw it from the bill now under con-
sideration.
Mr. LYON said he could not, have anticipated
objections to so reasonable a measure. Making
roads through the public lands more than trebled
the value of those adjoining. Gentlemen seemed
to argue that the amendment contemplated giving
away the public domain: no such thing! What did
the amendment propose? Merely to allow these
companies the right to each alternate section at the
minimum price, (one dollar and twenty-five cents
an acre,) which was as much as the public land
usually sold for. It would hold out inducements
to these companies to go on with their improve-
ments, and nothing tended mora essentially to the
improvement of States and Territories than good
roads. He would venture to affirm that where one
dollar would be taken from the public Treasury by
the adopiion of his amendment, thousands would be
put into it. He spoke from a thorough knowledge
of this subject, derived from personal observation.
His object in offering it, was the improvement it
would he the means of effecting in the new coun-
tries, and the increased value of the public domain
to the Government As it seemed, however to
meet with to much and such strong objection,'he
would withdraw it.
Mr. TIPTON then moved to fill up the blank in
the bill with 120 feet.
Mr. KING moved to fill the blank with 300 feet
He thought that would be indispensable, as the trees
of that country were usually of such immense size
being frequently yo feet below the limbs, thai if
one wets to fall, it would entirely obstruct ths road
Mr. DAVIS that bO feet was as grea< a width as
was necessary for all the purposes. Mr. D. then
adverted to Connecticut, where, he believed the
right of way was still wider than that contemplated
by gendemen, the result of which was a neglected
faste on both sides 1 f the road.
