348
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
St. Peters river, and westwaid across, the vast prai-
ries, to ihe M ssoun river Their number is stated
to be 21,000 souls. The Chippewas, less nume-
rous, are spread ovei the head waters of the Mis-
sissippi, along the southern shores of Lake Supe-
rior, and noith of that lake within the British pro-
vince of Upper Canada, extending westward a
considerable distance. Every one knows some-
thing of the unbounded influence which foreign
a„en -. have ever wielded over fhe e Northern
tubes    A rupture with Great Britain is invariably
0  war witn out Indian neighbors It is now a tune
of profound peace in that quaiter, and we should
embrace the opportunity of tamng sush steps as
uould preserve this blessing
The country now in possession of these North-
e-i Indians, about the sources of the Mississippi,
abounds with lakes of vanous dimensions, hlled
with the finest fish in the world. Fish, and the
wild nee which abounds on the Fox, and many
oilier riveis of the Nonh, constitute the chiei ar-
ticles of foot! of iheoe people On the approach of
white 'eltleit., with domestic animals, the wild rice
will rapidly disappear. That means of support
i ulinD', otnci means must be resorted to Thui it
will be \use in us, and kind towards them, to in-
duce them to remove to a more southern and mild
climate, and become agriculturalists on a more f i-
lortble soil We ha\e a country eveiy way suit-
ed to that object, situated southwest of the Missouri
river, and north of the Great Platte, and extending
up toftirds the Yellow Stone uver Heie is room
Ini the organization of another Terutory, if ,t
should become necessaty It is true the bill pro-
vides for including all the Indians south of Puncah
uver, but die prmc pal lea^on for including any
country noi th of the Platte was to afford the Ottoes,
Oinahas, and Pawnees, an immediate opportunity
of participating in the advantages oí the Territory,
which we have good leason to believe ihey desire
to do
The bill reported by Ihe committee of the Senate
differs a Utile from that reported by the committee
oí ihe House on the same subject By the bill be-
lore the House, the southern boundary of the Ter-
mory euends up Red river to the 23d degiee of
longitude west oí the meridian of the City ol Wash-
ing on, thence on said line of longitude to the south
t irk ol the nvei Plalte, ihence down said nvei to
i'ie Missouri river, and thence down the Missouri,
and dlonj> the western bouridaucs ol tht Slates or
Missouri and Aikansas, to the beginning. Should
any Senator desire an alteration in the bill before
us, making it to conform to the oill of the House,
and will piopose an amendment to that effect, I
will consent I view such an alteration unimpor-
tant If made, it will reduce the quantity of land
embi?ced in the Senate's bill, as it now read%
about 3,700,000 acres This is too inconsiderable
of itseli lo give rise lo objection. If the altering of
the bill before us, so a« to make it conform to that
01   the House, will make it more acceptable to a
sinf'e member ol either House, I wish it done
Sn 1 íepeat that the amendment i , m my judg-
m nt, very exception ible, Decause thcleintoiy
emblazed by it is dispioportioned to Ihe population
vh ch is to possess H It will, as I have stated,
a low ¿,305 aiics of land lo eery soul, which is
s icnty times as much as the proportion lo each
uid'H Hi il wiimn the Unued States and Territories
Tie inhabitants would not be so compactly settled
as to feel inclined to become agriculturalists Left
within a country fai too large, to roam in quest of
<amt, as it and the wdd rice diminish wt may ex-
p-ct then natuially to be impelled southward to-
il ai Is us, esneciall) to sp^nd their winters near a
„ram growi-í¿ couiitiy, and that they will bung
wih 'hem, .ndcimmumcate to our Indians un-
int idly ftchngs towards the people ot the United
Si tcs
I , i ciVilm bv the honor Alt S< na oi from
J baiiu [V K>c] 'o stale whether an object I
ij'eiii v,a, n objecting to g vc up to lh> In-
tuís icr evu the count} noith of the Shteof Mis-
í and si tiof ill St Peters nvtr, io not for
r a lie of rescivmg t loi the parpóse oí forming
,. otl er tree State? To us 1 answer in the affir-
mative I have many friends and acquaintances
m mat couu iy wcit of the MisMi-ippt n ei, 'ho
desire to form a State at no distant day, and I
wish to gratify them. Does the honorable Sena-
tor expect to check the growing power of the
Northwest? Sir, he might as well attempt to place
himself at the mighty cataract where the waters of
the gieat lakes descend from their level into the
abyss below, and stay the cunent of the Niagara,
as to attempt to prevent the emigration of the in-
dustnous, intelligent, and enteiprr-ing people from
all parts of the United States to the Ioway Terri-
tory, west of the Mississippi river
It is with greit reluctance that I mention fhesubject
of slavery, oranti-slavery, into which I am drawn by
this discussion. But I may be permitted to state
that I am decidedly opposed lo the extension of
slavery into any portion of our country, where it
does not at this time exist. Although I have al-
ways voted for the light oí petition, I profess to
be as much opposed to disturbing the rights of our
slavebolding States to this descuption ol property,
as any man south of the Ohio and Potomac. These
views I declared in my place here two years ago,
I need not again repeat them. I regret exceeding-
ly to see the subject stirred by the inhabitants of
the free Slates Our forefathers entered into
the compact with slaveholders ot the South The
mattei is therefore oldei than the Constitution It
is a pait of our baigain with our inends of the
slaveholding States, that then rights in this respect
should be most scrupulously observed, and thus
they should be observed by eveiy patriot who ap
preciates oui free institutions If any one has
a desire to live in a slave State, let him settle south
of the compiomise line of latitude—36° 30' Or,if
he prefer a free State, there is ample room north of
that line, and north < f the Ohio river Ohio, In-
diana, Illinois, or the Fat West, will gladly take
them in.
The Senator, in the course of his remarks, made
allusion to what I had said on a foimer day about
exterminating the Indians of Indiana, if one of my
neighbors should be killed by them. I was speak-
ing of the dangers to be apprehended from the in-
troduction ot such papers as the remonstiance pre-
sented by my honorable friend from Alabama,
[Mr Clav ] I was endeavoring to show that we
ought to do nothing to encourage a hope in the
Indians that the policy of this Guvernment in re-
moving, and in settling them permanently in the
Wcí, could be cithei arrested or altered. They
who encourage such an idea are treading on dan-
gerous ground I wa° appiehensive of danger in
the South, in the Senator's own State of Alabama,
not in the State from which I came In 1836 there
was a ruptuie between the whites and the Indians
in that and a neighboring Slate, when the Chief
Magistrate oi the State of Alabama found it neces-
sary to march at the head of the militia to save the
white people from a massacre The hostile Indians
retieated to their fastnesses in the swamps, and the
militia and volunteers sunonnded the swamps to
shoot down the hostiles, ?s the ft lendly Indians,
fighting mour behalf, drove them fiom their hiding
places. If, instead of these swamps, the country
had been plains oi open prairies, such as we find
much of the counliy to the Northwest, there would
have been extermination. And who would have
blamed the Alabamians?    I should not.
Sir, I have only lo add, that I am inclined to
think that the honorable mover ot the amendment
under consideration has not examined its effects
w i th his usual care Vicwin¿ the subject as I do,
I cannot give it my support
Mr SEVIER spoite at some kn^th in favor of
Ihe amendmen , comi.icn ing on tot evils that
would result from crowding the wild Indians of
the Northwest on the moie civili/ed tubes of the
Sou h, and the dangcis that would be occasioned
to the adjacent States, when, the game fa ling
these Indnns they would be driven to desperation
by wnntt f sul SiSU rcc lie thought that th,s was th'
tune ior those Senators who had expressed so much
sv mpalhy for the poor Indians, and talk  d so feel
mgly about íemoving them iiom the graves of
their forefathers to show the r sincerity He call
ed upon those Stnatois who had been presenting
memorials m favor of leaving the Indians where
they are, and particulaily upon the Senator from
Ma"'ach'i ens, [Mr Dai is] who had ju í present-
ed a memenal against the removal of the Chcro-
kees, to march boldly up and toe the mark. Now
was the time to show the sincerity of their profes-
sions, and that they had humanity, and not polities,
in view. H«re was an amendment proposing to
secure to a number of tribes their own hunting
grounds—the homes of their childhood, and the
graves of their ancestors—and he called upon gen-
tlemen to march boldly np and meet if. If the
bill was good for the Creeks, the Cherokees, and
the Chickasaws, it was good for the Sacs, Foxes,
and Wmnebagoes; and there was" as much reason
for providing for the security and protection of the
one as for the other. When the first Indian bill
was passed, it set out with declaring that the coun-
try without the limits of the organized States and
Teintones should be reserved for the Indians and
their descendants forever. This was the law re-
maining on the statute book, and he was disposed
preserve the principle it involved.
After some remarks from Mr. LINN, the debate
was continued by Messrs. CALHOUN and KING
in favor of the amendment, and by Messrs. DATIS,
SOUTHARD, YOUNG, and WHITE opposed to
it, when the question was taken, and Mr. KING'S
amendment was rejected—yeas 11, nays 22, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Fülton, King, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas, Pres-
ton, Roane, Sevier, and Spence—11
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Blown, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Culhbert, Davis,
Grundy, Hubbard, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon,
Morris, Niles, Norvell, Pearce, Rives, Robbins,
Robinson, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Wall, White, Williams, Wright, and Young—22.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON, the bill was amend-
ed, by reducing the salary of the Secretary of the
Territory from fifteen hundred to one thousand
dollars, and
After some further remarks from Messrs CAL-
HOUN, LUMPKIN, and WHITE,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading—yeas 38, nays 0, as follows
NAYS—Messrs Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Culhbert, Davis,
Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Knight, Linn,
Lumpkin, Lyon, Merrick, Morris, Mouton, Nicho-
las, Pieice, Preston, Rives, Roane, Robbms, Ro-
binson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of In-
dtana,Southard, Spence, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Trotter, Wall, White, Williams, Wright, and
Young—38.
YEAS—Messrs Allen,Benton, Brown,Calhoun,
Niles, and Norvell—6
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENT <VTIVES,
Tuesday, May 1, 1838.
WESTERN FRONTIER
The SPEAKER, on leave, laid before the
House a communication from the acting Secretary
of War, transmitting copies of instructions to Maj
General Gaines, relating to the selectiorTof sites
for military posts on the western frontier of Ar-
Arkansas and Missouri.
On motion oí Mr. YELL, laid on the table.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
Mr CAMBRELENG presented a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury, stating
the condition of the Treasury on the 30th Ult by
which it appears tfnt the amount of available means
was about 900,000 dollar , being, as Mr C stated,
about 600,000 dollars less than the amount stated
.n a previous communication from theSecretaiy, oi
the 23d ult Mr C's object m submitting the com-
munication, was to show the House the urgent nt-
cessit} of a spetdy action on the rrajticial measure
which hid been reported by the Committee of
Ways and Mcati^ The reduction of tht revenue
was owing ejclusivcij to the premature redemp-
tion of the Treasary notes authorized to be rssued
under the act of October last.
The following is a copy of the communication
Treasury Dt pakthiew
«tfprii 30/1838
I transmit for the information oí the Committee
>f Waysand Means, th^nc-IosM .>ta.einenr, matke i
