352
íjition to the motion, it was rejected, and the bill
was passed without a division.
The bill to provide for the security and protec-
tion of the emigrant and other Indians west of the
States of Missouri and Arkansas, was read the
third time.
On motion of Mr. LINN, and by general con-
seni, the bill was amended, by substituting the
original name of " Indian Territory," for "Neo-
sho Territory."
The bill was then passed—yeas 39, nays 6,|as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay of Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert,
D.vvis, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Knight,
Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Merrick, Morris, Nicholas,
Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Roane, Robbins,
Robinson, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Spenee, Swift, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Trotter, Wall, White, Williams, Wright,
and Young—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Cal-
houn; Niles, and Norvell—6.
The joint resolution submitted on Tuesday by
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, on the subject of the
receipts an J disbursements into the Treasury, was
taken up and read the second time.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to íefer it to the Com-
mittee on F.nance, and on this motion a debate
ensued, in which it was supported by Messrs.
WRIGHT, CALHOUN, BENTON, NILES,
BUCHANAN, and KING, and opposed by Messrs.
CLAY of Kentucky, DAVIS, PRESTON, and
TIPTON; after which the motion was cairied—
yeas 28, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Lyon, Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce,
Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Trotter, Wall, Williams, Wright, and Young—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Knight, Merrick, Prentiss,
Preston, Rives, Robbins, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Spenee, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Webster, and While—19.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, May 3, 1838.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Acting Secretary of War,
transmitting a report from the Second Auditor,
according to the provisions of the act of the 6th of
May, 1822, regulating trade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the fron-
tier.
On molionof Mr. BELL, laid on the table.
Mr. BELL moved a suspension of the rule',
for the purpose of submitting a resolution for the
adjournment of the Heuse over to Monday, for
the purpose of ventilating and purifying the hall,
taking up the old carpets, putting down the spring
matting, and other necessary alterations, which
could not be done while the House met from day
to day.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said he would not object,
but under the circumstances in which the public
business was, he could not consent to it.
Mr. MONTGOMERY asked for the yeas and
nays, but they were refused, and on dividing by
tellers, the vote was—ayes 85, noes 32.
Mr. YELL renewed the call for the yeas and
nays, but they were again refused, and the mo-
tion to suspend was agreed to—ayes 114, noes 3G,
and the question being on the adoption of the re-
solution.
Mr. WISE inquired if Sunday was a legislative
day.
The CHAIR replied .that the construelion given
to the rule against adjourning over more than three
days did not include Sundays.
Mr. TALIAFERRO moved to amend the mo-
tion, by providing that when the House adjourns
to-day, it adjourn to meet on Monday, and the
same motion for Thursday next week, but it was
disagreed to.
OONGRBSflQNAk GLOBE.
The resolution of Mr. BELL wa.-> then agreed
to without a division.
Mr. BELL announced to the House that it
would be impossible to comply with this order un-
less they adjourned forthwith, and he accordingly
made that motion.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said that if it was the de-
sign of the House, on Monday, to go on with the
public business, and it was generally understood
that they would do so, he presumed there would be
no objeclion to the gentleman's motion; but if it
was not so designed, he should feel compelled to
oppose the motion. He hoped, however, it would
be understood, by general consent, that they would
go on with the public business on that day.
Mr. WISE gave notice to the gentleman from
New York, and the whole House, that it would not
be with his consent.
Mr. BELL said it had been suggested to him
that certain Senate bills were on the Speaker's ta-
ble, which might be committed, and he had no ob-
jection to that course; for that purpose he would
withdraw the motion.
The following bills were then read twice, and
referred to their appropriate committees:
Bill to grant to the States, and incorporated com-
panies, engaged in the construction of roads or
canals, the right of way through the. public lands of
the United States.
Bill to provide for the security and prelection of
the emigrant, and other, Indians, west of the States
of Missouri and Arkansas.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing messages from the President of the United
States, received this day:
To the House of Representatives of the United Stales:
The report of the Secretary of War, transmit-
ted by me to the House of Representatives, in
compliance with their resolution of the 16th tilt,
respecting an attack alleged to have been made by
a Mexican armed vessel upon an American
steamboat, having stated that no information on the
subject had at that time reached the Department,
I now transmit another report from the same of-
ficer, communicating a copy of a note from the
Mexican Minister, with an accompanying docu-
ment, in reference to the act alluded to, which
have been received at the Department since the
date of the former report.
M. VAN BOREN.
Washington, 2d May, 1838.
The following are the papers which were trans-
mitted  by the President, under cover of a com-
munication from the Secretary of State:
Mr. Martinez to Mr. Fonyth.
Mexican Legation.
New Orleans, April 20,1838.
Sir: Whilst the notices of an insult pretended to
have been committed against the flag of the United
States, in the waters of Texas, by the Mexican brig
of war Iturbidc, were confined to the public news-
papers, and I had no documents- by means of
which I could repel this calumny, I abstained
from addressing you on the subject. But as, ac-
cording to the papers, the attention of the honorable
chamber of Senators of the Congiesspf the Union
has been directed towards the charges published
against Mexico, by the passengers of the steam-
boat Columbia, and I am in possession of an offi-
cial statement from the commander of the said
brig relating to the occurrence with the said boat,
I have the honor to send you, sir, the annexed
extract from that document, with the hope (hat you
will submit it "to the notice of his excellency the
President. The captain of the Columbia, and not
the captain of the Iturbide, as will "be here seen,
provoked the attack to which this note refers, and
the former should, therefore, be responsible for
the result, whatever it may be.
Permit me, sir, to repeat to you the assurance of
my distinguished consideration.
FRANCIS PIZARBO MARTINEZ.
Hon. John Forsyth,
Secretary of State of the United Stales.
[TRANSLATION OP THE ENdOSORE."]
Extract from the official communication of the com-
mander of the Mexican brig of war Iturbide, re-
specting her encounter with the steamboat Co-
lumbia.
Zl~  .'n      .....   ,,."',,.'.i.'in ../i   '■-,.. ......<;* t—.                      .      ;     ~Z
To the Coniniandmii General ofihe'Mixieansifaadron:
Briq iTuftBi'BE, under'sail, in latitude 29° & lon-
gitude 88° 48', west of-Cadiz, five o'clock in the
afternoon of this day, March 24,1838.
At the moment when you, sir, announced, by
your signals, that you. saw sails in the third quar-
ter, I made out the vessel to be a steamboat, coming
from the north, and I discovered that she was not
the same to which we had given chase this morn-
ing, and which was apparently on her way to
Brazoria, as this boat has two chimneys,
and the other only one. As soon as you gave
the signal for chase with all speed, and without
our closing, (sir subjecion á famacion,) I endeavored
by a press of sail to cut her off, steering southeast,
clearing away to be ready for action, and taking
the other precautions; but on • seeing that she was
bearing down ore my starboard bow, I ordered all my
men to take their proper fire and cutting arms, to
be ready for an attempt to board. While we were
thus sailing towards each other, as you saw, our
distance was necessarily becoming less, and seeing
that her stern flag was that of the United States, I
hoisted mine with a pendant, and fired a gun with-
out bail. I clewed vp my mainsail in order that she
should stop her engine for me to examine her; but this
was not done; and as, on the contrary, her movements
towards me were very-suspieious, I ordered another gun
to be fired, with tail, in a direction very wide of the
steamboat, which was done as a notice for her to stop.
Instead of doing-so, however, she continued on her
course, as if with a view of getting past me to the lee-
ward. When I got within speaking distance, I
hailed her three jfotef with a trumpet, and she did
not design to give my reply to either call; On the
fourth call, art individual answeted, loading me
with abase, and telling me if I wanted to see his papers,
Isliould come on board liU boat. All this was spoken
without the speaking trumpet; and although he was
called on to stop, in order that h is pa pers and his boa t
should be visited, he did not do so, but, on th-,
other hand, continued to insult my political insignia
by the grossest obscenities and language.
In consequence of the proceedings, I ¡fired two
cannon and three muskets, not aimed at the steamer,
for the purpose of intimidating her, that she should
do as required. She, however, took no notice of
it, but continued on her way, letting off her steam,
which was very high, so near me, that the ashes
and some warm water fell on board of my vessel.
"God and Liberty r"
On motion of Mr. CASHING, referred to the
Committeeon Foreign "Affairs.
To the Home of Representatives of the United Stales:
1 herewith transmitió the House of Representa-
tives a report from the Secretary of State, in an-
swer to that part of ibis resolution of the 19th
ultimo, requesting .the communication of all cor-
respondence with any foreign Government, in re-
gard to the title or occupation of the territory of
the United States beyond the Rocky Mountains.
(Signed)                M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, J¡p> il 30, 1838.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, postponed
till Thursday next.
To the House of Representutlvts:
I transmit herewith a report and accompanying
documents from the Acting Secretary of War,
which contains the information required by the re-
solution of the I6th ultimo, respecting the officers
of the Corps of Engineers, the works upon which
they were engaged during the last year, and the
other matters embraced in the resolution.
Washington, Ma<j 1, 1838. M. VAN BUREN.
On motion of Mr. MÁLLORY, laid'on the table.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, from the Committee on
Manufactures, reported,' without amendment, Se-
nate bill to refund to the Georgia Railroad unci
Banking Company certain duties upon railroa.t
iron imported by them; which was committed to
a Committee on the Union.
Mr. BELL would say to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Cambrbleng,] that so far as the
public business could be expedited by his vole or
otherwise, he would do it cheerfully. Mr. B. ¡hen
renewed the motion to adjourn.
Mr. YELL called for the yeas and nays, but
they were refused, and Mr. Bell's motion prevail-
ing without a division, ttie House adjourned
