CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                355
'W                                                                                                          ■      ■   ■                                                                                                                                                                 i                       -----------------------------------------                                         ■'   -'                                 ■                                       ■                                '                                                                 ''   i '      '''■'                               "*"*
and to aid the fanaticism which is now abroad m
the country. He thought enough would be done
by printing the evidence and journal, and leaving
the public to judge. If the majority report was to
be printed, the members ought to be allowed to ie-
ply to its allegations on that floor. The minority
reports he did not think furnished a sufficient an-
swer. The course he proposed, he thought, would
enable the public to judge with impartiality and
truth, and would take the embarrassing subject out
of the House, so that it could proceed with public
business. He was willing to have the constitu-
ents of the members implicated to read them a
moral lesson at the ballot-box.
Mr. BEIGGS called for a division of the
question.
The question being put on that part of the mo-
lion to lay on the table—.
Mr. GRANT demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, were, yeas
56, nays 103.
YEtó—Messrs Bell, Bidlle, John Calhoon, Gambieieni,
William B Campbell, Jo'm Campbell, Caiit-i, Chapman,
Cheatham,Cleveland, Clowney, Coles, ( on\m, Ciocktti, Daw
eon, Deberry, DeGiafT, Dennis, Dunn, Unflin, Hirlaii ll t>,
Hoffman, Jenifei, Hemy Johnson, W I ost Johnson, Kennedy,
Loomis, Lyon, Martin, May, McKay, Muiray, Owens, i'Umu,
Pennybacker, Pope, llenchei, Hum cy, Sawyu, A 11 sdiep
herd, 0 Shepard, Shields, Southgate, Stanly, Stuait, Stout,
Taliaferro,Thompson, Towns, Underwood, A S While, J
White, C H Williams, and \ til—C 6
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Ale^andei ííeman Allen TmnW
Allen, Anderson, Andrews, Athcrton, liiatty, Benue, Bickntll,
Birdsall, Briggs, Branson, Casey, Unlds, Coffin, Connm, (in.
«ton, Curtis, Cushman, Datlmglon, D ivies, Duncan, L ¡ward-,
Everett, Fan mgton, Tan field, 11 Iletchei, J illmoa, r0-11.1,
Fry,Goode, W Gulnm, Gunt, ria'i), Ilmirn mil, ff.upei,
Hastings, Hawkins, Haynt-, Iluuy, U )Hty, lloll, Hubky, W
3L Huntei, Ingham, ] lohn-on, IS Jom *, í W Jones Keini,
Kilgore. Leadbettei, Lincoln, I ntm, Marvin Mm on M wm,
Robert McCIellan, Abiaham SMIUImi, Mot lun M< K m in,
Mercer, Moore Mm?an, Muhia<Moni , C thtryMmi \ i>
lor, Noble, Ogle, Parker, I'auntutu, Vuu i-on 1* lyu u WO ,
Petrikin, Phelps, l'o't-, Putt, Puutio-, Ruidui, Kuidol|h,
Heed, Eidgwa), Rives, Hu—(11 ^Vfhi,-Muliy, i-lil --nviS 1,
¡Spencer, Strauon Tayloi íhnrnt Tilitidn-t, Iiuh, ill!,
Toucey,Tuiney, \ ill. Webs'ei Lli-bi WhittUscy, 1 ¡ w Wi!
iiams, Sherrod W il.ianvs, «r d J u< d W V'idiani-—11' >
So the House refused to lay the subject o.i the
table.
The quesfon then recurred upon the amendment
offered by Mr. LOOMIS, to add to the uisti ucuons
the woids, "exceptas to a bieathof puvilegc," re-
ferring to the limitation of the committee's íeport.
Mr. BRIGGS observed that the committee liad
been malmeted to report upon the bleach of privi-
lege, and had done so in lull. He thought the
committee had fallen into an error, by ovei looking
the rule, referred to so often, m the Manual, but
they had bten led into that error by the oversight
of the House; and he was va. favoi ol supporting
the committee in their action. He reiei red to the
remark, that there was a desue to suppress the
evidence; and said he knew of no one who had such
a. desire. No one, as far as he hnew, objected to
the publication ot the evidence, but to the icport
which had been made upon it. He would at any
moment have voted lor the printing oí the evidence
and journal, but he wished the facts to go faith to
the country unconnected with the reports and argu-
ments.
Mr. SIBLEY then moved an amendment to
the amendment of Mr. Loomis, by adding the
■words: "and on that subject, that theyrepoit the
names of every member, who aided, assisted or
abetted in the duel, which lesnHed in the death of
Mr. Cilli 1, and report as soon asjpovsiblc."
Mr. BYAUM thanked the gentleman fiom New
York for thatpropo-ition to amttid. lie was itadj
to meet any investigation, and should mx bin ink
behind any constitutional objee lions or technicali-
ties. His conduct had been f<ui and open, and he
shrunk from no responsible}. lie went on to
comment with seventj upon the paitv a-pect, and
the indirect movement-, which bad been brousht
to bear upon tut subject itom the first, and de-
manded a full and fair int estigation, and that the
whole truth might be brought before the woild
Mr. DUNCAN was glad to see the proposition
now under consideration, for it was what he antici-
pated, and he would have been pleased if the gen-
tleman from New York had, ms ead of an indirect
allusion, adverted by name to Jfssí A Uitnum of
Noith Carolina, and Alexander Duncan of Ohio.
At first they were tied down to ruleo, but now the
whole subject was opened, and he was glad of it,
for he was prepared to meet the question; and not
only so, but he was willing, in his case, that every
technicality, rule of order, constitutional privilege,
and every other obstacle, should be disregarded
He entreated the House to go into the investiga-
tion, and spread the whole testimony befoie the
world; for he was ready and anxious that the
people should pass judgment upon him. He
dreaded no such tribunal, but would abide their
verdict.
As to the necessity of recommitting the report
and testimony, he could not see it. What was to
lesult fremiti Was any new evidence sought  No.
Was an issue to be made with other parties? If
so, those parties (himself and MrrBvNüM) were
prepared to meet it; and he pledged himself to ap-
peal to no obsolete forms, or forgotten rules of
technicality. It was absurd to contend that the
American Congress was shackled with the old
forms of the British parliament; for, m shaking off
the trammels of that power,they were surely not im-
peratively bound by the technical rules under which
that power was exercised. But supposing the
question of privilege was binding m ordinary
cases, did not the resolution of the House, adopted
by an overwhelming majority, overrule if2 The
fact about which the committee were directed to
inquire was notorious, and that members of the
House were involved in it was equally so; and in
the knowledge of that fact the House ordered the
investigation, and the committee would have been
negligent of their duty if they had not gone on. As
to the priming, he urged it in justice to all the par-
ties concealed, and as due to the American people,
who, whatever might be said to the contrary, were
capable ol loaning a calm and dispassionate judg-
men\    He had no feái- on that subject.
Mi THOMAS said he would make a motion,
the eiU-ct of which would be to promote tlip action
of the pubhf business, and he also wanted (o get a
direct volt on the motion to print. At present they
had come to no duet t vote. He should submit a
mo'ion susceptible of being divided into two dis-
tinct piopositions, 1st To lay the whole subject on
the table, and 2d. To print the reports of the ma-
jority and mmoiity and all the accompanying docu-
ments, and he moved accordingly.
Mi SIBLEY mquned if the motion to print was
in outer pending his amendment.
The CHAIR staled that it was, because the mo-
tion to print was incident to that to lay on the table
Mi liECD called for a division of the question.
Mi SIBLEY asked the gentleman from Mary-
land to withdraw ihe motion, to afford him an op-
portumty to reply to the gentlemen from North Ca-
rolina and Ohio.
Mt. THOMAS said he would cheerfully comply
with the jtentlemaft's request, so far as the gentleman
was concerned , but if he did so other gentlemen
would also desire to speak, and the objecthehad in
view would be defeated.
Mr. REED asked for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN moved a call of the House: lost.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if the motion to lay on
the (able was m order, it having been once tried
to-day.
The CHAIR ruled that it was, as other business
had intervened.
Mr RiNUM mquned whether, if the motion
to hi) ou Ihe table prevailed, the motion to prmt
would iioi be cut off?
The CHAIR     It «ill not
Mr. BYNÜM. Ifow then, sir, if decided in
the negative'
The CHAIR Then the original motion hav-
ing failed, the incidental one will fall with it.
Mr BYNTJM. Tnen,sir, 1 understand that a
vole in the negative is a vote virtually to suppress
the punting
The CHAIR said that was a question not with-
n his piovmce to give an opinion on.
The question was then laken on the first branch
of Mi. THOMAS'S proposition, vir to lay on
the table, and it was decided m the negative-
yeas 13, na}s 95.
¥X.\S—Mtosi  Andiews, A the  ton, Biekaell, Brodhead,
Cvnum, Cambreteng, Campbell, Casey, Chapman, Cleveland,
Clowney, toles, Connor, Corara, Craig, Crary, Cushman,
Dawson Deberry, DeGiaff, Dennis, Duncan, Dunn, Edwards,
Famngton Rice Gavland, Giantland, Gray,Griffin, Hammond,
Hawes, Hawkins, Haynes, Holsey, Jabez Jackson, Lewis,,
Lnomw, Martin, McKay, Robert McUellan, A McClel'an,
Miller, Moore, Murray, Noble, Owens, Pennybacker, Petri
kin, Phelps, Prentiss, Randolph, Rencher, Rives, Samyer,
Augustine II Shepperd, Charles Shepard, Shields, Snyder,
Spencer, Stewart, Stone, laylor, Thomas, Tumey, under
wood, Vail, Weeks, Alberts White, Thomas T Whittlesey,
.Tared W Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Chnstophei H
Williams, and Yell-73
NAYS—Me<*rb Adams, Alexander, Heman Allen, John w
Allen, Anderson, Bcatty, Beirne, Bell, Biddle, Boon, Borden,
Buegs, William 'B Calhoun, John Calhoon, W B Camp-
bell, faiter, Cheatham, Clulds, Coffln, Cranston, Curtis,
Cushmg, Darlington, Davee, Davies, Everett, Fairfield,
Richard Fletcher, Filmore, Fry, Goode, James Bra
ham, William Graham, Haley, Hall, Harlan, Harper, Hast-
ings, Henry, Hoffman, Holt, Hopkins, Hubley, Wm H Hun-
ter, Joseph Johnson, William Cost Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W Jones, Keim, Kennedy, Kilgore, Klmgei&mith, Lead-
belter, Lincoln, Logan, Marvin, Samson Mason, May, MoClure,
McKennan, Menefee, Mercer, Moigan, Calvary Morns, Nay-
lor, Noyes, Ogle, Parker, Parmenter, Patterson, Peck, Pope,
Potts, Pratt Randen, Reed, Ridgway, Rusbell, Sheffer, Sibley,
hlade, Southgate,. Stanley, Stratum, Taliaferro, Tillmghast,
TiH s, loland,Toucev, Vanderveer, Webstei John White, E
Whittlesey, Lewis William , and Sherrod Williams—95
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. SIBLEY then obtained the floor, but several
voices calling out "adjourn," adjourn," he gave
way to
Mr. FILLMORE, who moved an adjournment.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 56, nays 103.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SIBLEY said that when he offered his
amendment, he had not intended to occupy the time
of the House. No one was less mcl ned to ob-
trude his individual opmtonsjupon the House, nor
was any one more inclined to dispose of the un-
pleasant subject before the House, speedily and
quietly. He had not expected that the amend-
ment would have called up the gentlemen
from Ncrth Carolina, [Mr. Bynum,] and
from Ohio [Mr. Duncas.] It -was not in-
tended to apply to them any mere than to any
otheis who aided, assisted, or abetted in the unfor-
tunate affair whieh caused the discussion now oc
cupymg the House. But any remarks having a
personal character he would not notice upon that
floor. He came not as the champion or opponent of
any individuals, but in offering the amendment, in
cal img for the names of all the persons implicated, he
was carrying out the wishes of his constituents.
The people knew no distinction in the crimmahtv of
those concerned; they were educated in the prin-
ciples of the common law, which knew no acces-
sories in an affair of this kind He wanted
the memorials and petitions to be reported
upon , and he thought the fact that the
chairman of the committee wished to have the me-
morials recommitted, proved that he did not think
he had reported upon them, and he inferred that
there was no intention to report upon them. The
memorials prayed for the expulsion of every mem-
ber engaged m the duel, and he wished a report
upon the whole matter.
Mr. TOTJCEY explained that he voted for an
amendment to the instructions for the purpose of
defeating them, and he should finally vote against
the recommitment.
Mr. SIBLEY went on to argue m favor of a
full report, in conformity to the prayer of the
pet'tions, and repelled the intimation that he
had any desire to suppress the evidence in the
case, or that any act of his could be construed
to imply such a desire; and he condemned the re-
port of the majority as a one-sided argument, con-
trary to his sense of justice. He condemned it as
an argument made by judges, which was brought
to bear upon the accused by every distortion of
testimony, which would subject any judge of a
court of justice to impeachment. He referred to
the allusions frequently made to public opinion,
and contended that the people would demand a just
judgment, according to the forms of the law, which
they would not allow to be broken through, that
vengeance might reach a victim He was prepared
to march up to the question directly; and he hoped
his amendment would prevail, that the whole
merits of the subject might come fully before the
House.
Mr UNDERWOOD obtained the fioor, bnr, ,¡>
the suggestion of several members, moved to
adjourn.
