Krng, Linn, Lyon, Meuton, ¡Miles, Rives, Robm-
son, Rnggles, Sevier, Smith of Coanecucut, Trotter,
Wall, Wmte and Wright—92
NAVS—Messrs. Clayton, Crittenden, Davis,
Knight, Lumpkin, Merrick, Morris, Nicholas,
Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Southard, Spence,
Swill, W^bstei, Williams and Young—18.
Mr CLAY of Alabama offered an amendment,
which, as modified at the suggestion of Mi.
ROANE, limited the appropriation to $30,000,
with a proviso that the money shall only be drawn
from the Treasury as wanted
This amendment was agreed to, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr WRIGHT, the previous orders
were postponed, and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the bill to authorize the sale of cer-
tain bonds belonging to the United States
Mr WEBSTER said, if there was that strong
necessity winch the Senator had represented, he
would not oppose, at least w ould offer no strenuous
opposition to the bill It was not, however, such
a measuie as he would have recommended He
thought it would have been wiser and better to
meet the necessity of the case by a resort to a direct
loan, or the issue of Treasuiy notes If the Senate
could originate no other measure in relation to the
Treasury, he submitted whether it was wise to
press on this, because no other offered itself
Mr. W. extended his remaiks on the subject to
some length, expressing a doubt whether the bonds
could be sold at par, and, if sold what security
theie was that they would be paid in the constitu-
tional currency ot the country He fhousrht it as
we'l to leave the responsibility where it now exists
—m the Houst of Representatives.
Mr. WRIGHT could not pciceive any occasion
for taking up the time of the Senate on this bill, it
went very far to explain itself, and he would, there-
fore, merely state tht action of his own mind on
the subject. From all the information he had re-
ceived, the credit oí this institution was luj,h, not
only in the money markets ot this country, but in
those of Lurope , and as the condition of the Trea-
sury requned that they should raise money for the
servic of the Government, which must be done
either by the issue of Treasury notes or by a loan,
the committee thought that the sale oí these bonds
would supersede either of these two operations, lo
the amount that they sold for Having found that
money was cheap in Europe, they supposed that
these bonds woi Id furnish des rabie investments at
their par value Mr W after stat'pg 'be imuunt
of lie interest that had accumulated on ihese bonds,
and the sum expected to be realized bv their sale,
said that he saw nothing m the objections of the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr Webster,]
unless that these bonds might not be piyable
in a curtency equivalent to specie when due
If such was the fact, it must grow oat of the sub-
sequent Iegislati m ot Congress, for there was no-
thing at p esent lo warrant the inference He could
not agree to any other disposition of the bill thm
that the Senate should pass its judgment upon it ,it
this time If the majonty of the body should think
that the committee weie mistaken in the views
which induced inam to report it, let them "ay <o
But his opinion was that it would be wise to make
the attempt, an 1 it thes bonds should fail to bring
in the mail et tnc sum the bill required for them,
the TYeasuij would It, no worst olí than it no 
wa' These I'm tuese bonds might «ave the using
the credit o1 the Govenmtnt to the amount they
may sell for, an i if not sold, the Covernmentwould
lost n it'img b   making the a tempt
Mr W LBfaT£R made a brief reply, to the effect
that if there was not at lca"t a reasonable prospect
of the measuie succeeding, that it would be better
not to try it
Mr WRIGHT obser/cd that tn  fust objection
of the Senator fiom Juas«acr-naet   was one that
must exisf with, and be disposed of by, the pur-
chaser If he he not sati fed that he w ill receive
payment m a currency wf'ich wj 1 mate the pur-
chase a good operation, he v. ill rot bi'j As to t íe
other objection, he «ap,Ksed Congress V OuU take
the necessary measures to p -vide for the «sis of
the Government as heretofo.j They will either
authorize the issuing oí a certain amount of Trea-
CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
sury notes, or provide for a loan, and then if the
bonds should sel!, it would supersede the issue of
Treasury notes to that amount. So also if a law
pas es authsnzing a loan, the amount the bonds
may sell for will supersede part of the loan
After some further remarks from Mr. WEB-
STER,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, without a division
The bill to increase the salaries of certain dis-
trict judges of the United States was taken up, the
question being on the amendment of Mr Smith of
Indiana to increase the salary of the district judge
of Indiana
Mr. PRENTISS moved to amend the amend-
ment by increasing the salary of the judge for the
district of Vermont
Mr SEVIER moved that the bill be indefinitely
postponed, which motion was agreed to—yeas 26,
nays 12, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Buchanan, Crittenden,
Cuthberl, Fulton, Hubbard, Knight, Lumpkin,
Merrick, Morris, Mouten, Niles, Pierce, Prentiss,
Preston, Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Con-
necticut, Southard, Spence, Swift, Webster, White,
Williams, and Young—-26.
NAYS—Messrs Benton, Clay of Alabama,
Clayton, Grundy, King, Linn, Lyon, Nicholas,
Rives, Roane, Wall, and Wright—12
The bill lo revoke the charters of such of the
banks of the District of Columbia as shall not
resume specie payments within a certain time, was
taken up as the order of the day.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to lay the bill on the ta-
ble, on the ground that the charters of these banks
would expire within a very short time
This motion was agreed to.
The bill to continue the corporate existence ot
the batiks of the District of Columb'a was taken up
as the next order, but, without any action being
had on it,
The Senate went into the consideration of Exe-
cutive business, and, after spending a short time
thereai,
Adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
TursiMy, Miy 8, 18 ¡8
DEATH Or THE HON JOAB LAWLER
Immedniely after the reading of the Journal,
Mr LYON of Alabama, lose and addies-ed the
House as follows
Mr Sftvklr I have the melanehcly duty to
perform of announcing lo this House the death of
one of its member^
My friend and colleague, the Hon Joab
Lawi t r, expired this morning at his lodungs m
tlnseiti, -iflera brief and pxinfii] illness, \ hich he
bore with unusual fortitude and lesignation
Less than a week ago, and he was present in hi-,
place m this hall, m the poiformance of his part
in the laborious duties ass ;>i,ed by the people to
'heir representatives He was yet m the pnme of
life, and has been cut off m the midst of Ins use-
fulness
By his death, his immediate constituents and his
State have lost an attentive, intelligent, and f uth-
ful representative, his faimlvhaic been depnviJ
of a husband and fathei, and society ha« lost a
member, wluse conduct, in evciy relation of Ufe,
was worthy oí all ímitption
The deceased enjoyed the confidence an 1 esteem
of those who knew him well, to an extent which
nothing but a couise ot life the most exempiaij,
and a character the most irreproachable, could nave
secured
In his State he had filled several offices of much
importance, and under the General Government he
held for several yeais a trust of great responsibility
In all his official conduct in the vaiioas pub ic s a-
tions held by him, he acquired a h gh character for
integrity and capacity, which no act of his lite
foi felted or impaired
(lis conduct as a member of this House has
been n ehar.-cVr wi'h his whole life Wht'e be
v as firm and tru< avenng m¡he discharge of wnat
he considered his duty as a Representative, he
was mild and unobtrusive in his deportment, and
respectful towaids his associates.   He had lured
$57
the life of a Christian, and died without apprehen-
sion as to the future
To testify our regiet for his loss, ana respect for
his memory, I more the adoption of the following
resolutions
Resolved, That the members and officers of this
House will attend the funeral of Joab LawmíR,
deceased, late a member of tins House from ihe
State of Alabama, to-morrow, at 12 o'clock me-
ridian.
Raobed, That a committee he appointed to take
order for superintending the funeral of Joab Law-
ler, deceased
Resolved, That the members and officers of this
House will testify thsir respect for the memory of
Joab Lawleb, by wearing crape on their left arm
for thirty days.
Resolved, That when this House adjourns to-day,
it will adjourn to meet to-morrow, at 12 o'clock
meridian.
Ordered, That a message be sent to tb  Senate to
notify that body of the death of Joab Lawler, late
a representative from the State of Alabama, and
that his funeral will take place to-morrow, at 12
o'clock, from the Hall of the House of Represen-
tatives.
The several resolutions were unanimously agreed
to by the House, and then
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
TtjESDiY, May 8, 1838.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr Franklin, iheir clerk, an-
nouncing the death oí the honorable Joab Lawler,
a member of that House from the State of Alabama,
and thai his funeral would take place at 12 o clock
to-morrow from their Hall.
Mi KING then roae and addressed the Senate
as follows
Mr President Anothei of the membeis of this
Congress has passed fiom time to eternity. This
unexpected event is well calcu'ated to produce the
most seiious reflections "Be ye also ready,"
should be impressed upon every heart. The Hon.
Joab Law ler, a Representative from the State of
Alabama, breathed his last at his boarding-house
in this city, abeut 9 o'clock this morning. His
sickness wa* of short dmaton, but a life devoted
to pietv and virtue enabled him to look with calm,
and Christian lesignation on th" diead ehange that
awaited him.
Mr Lawlfr w is ot humble origin He was
destitute oi the advantages of a ibetal education,
but a vigoioos intellect, combine 1 wi h sterling in-
tegrity, e«rly ri-comme'ided him to the favorable
notue of h s ("llow-citizens, and Ihey placed him in
the Legislature of his State For years he conti-
nued to discharge hii> duties in that situation m a
manner so creditable to himself, so satisfactory to
those he represented, that they demanded his ser-
v ces in a more exalted station He yielded to
their wishes, a'Hl twice has he been chosen to repre-
sent their interests 'n the Confess of the United
S ales Mr Pies'de.it, his mortal career has closed.
His coumry has lort the services of one of her
most v irtuoas c t zjns he  bereaved wife art afiec-
no íaíe husband, and his orphan children the fos-
tering care and protectu n oí an indulgent father.
To mat desolaie, heart-stneken family, I would
siy, " mourn noi as one wthout hope " The
husband—ÜV father—was a Chnstian He died,
as the Chnsnan dieth, in the full hope of a blessed
immortality. Keep, then, before your* eyes the
puruy and holiness of his hfe. live as he lived,
and you may go to him, to you he can never
return.
Mr K then suormtted the fo'lowing resolution,
wh ch was unanimously adopted.
Resolved, That the Senate will attend the funeral
of the honorable Joab Lawler, deceased, which
will take place from the Hall of the House of
Representatives, aid, as an additional mark of
respect for the memory of the deceased, the mem-
bers of that body will go into the usual mourning,
by wearing crape on the left arm for fluty days.
On motion of Mr KING,
The Senate then adjourned
