CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
356
mere incidental questions, and to progress with the
business of the country, which had been, in conse-
quence, so much retarded, he was induced to de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana asked the gentle-
man to withdraw the motion, to enable him to
move to print the evidence and journal of the com-
mittee.
Mr. PETRIKIN declined.
Mr. GARLAND then moved to reconsider the
vote by which the subject was laid on the table.
The CHAIR ruled that the incidental motion to
print must be first decided, as it was only a branch
of the general motion.
Mr. GARLAND took an appeal from this deci-
sion, but subsequently withdrew it, and also the
motion to reconquer.
Mi ADAMS renewed the motion to reconsider,
bur Mr. A. having voted m the minority, could not
move it.
Mr. GARLAND then moved a call of the House,
and asked lor the veas and nays, which were 01-
dered, and were—yeas 64, nays 123.
So the call was refused.
The previous question on the motion to print
was thpn seconded 97 to 84, and the main question
was ordered.
Mr. BR1GGS called for a division of the ques-
tion on prmtiug the reports and documents.
Mr. SL4.DE called for a division on the several
arguments m the report.
The CHAIR could not entertain a motion to di-
vide the same paper.
The question was then taken on printing the re-
ports of the majority and minority, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 74, as follows-
1 CAS-Me«i« Ail im<i, Ileimu Alton, John W Alton, An
derson, Anditvvs Ailieiton, Boat'e, Hcum, 1!kknell, limUnll,
Boon, Borden, iíiodheid Bions-on, Byiium, Cambicleiv,
< a=ey, Chapulín, (iaik, Clt,vt'md, Ciuwnty, Í uihn, ( oka,
Gonooi,(ra£ C la >, Í ashing" < usliman Dnlnglon 1) m i
TJavie^, I)e 1*1 ifl Dum an, Lhvarits laun'ttn l intuid,
■ti Flttehei, Jo-ei, liy Gi tup, doodi, C>i uiilimt, dim ,
G.vay Guflm, lit v Uimmoml K rmi, lliuison, Jiaw
kni s ííaynt ííeniv, Jí¡ iod, llolsey, Holt, Hop'tus, How ml,
JI i 'fy> Wi inn 11 Ilunitr, Itightm, r B I u trnrn, Jo¡>< pk
John o.j, j\j limit Toms, John W I me-s, lit im, Kimhk,
Ki goie, Kln^uis nth Teadbiltei, J^twis Liniotn, 1 tgin,
Loonito, Mi in, M< Kay, Robert MctlcPin, Abiahtm Mo
Ciellan,F ící tuie, \iltier, Worn^omeiv, M loie, Mm., m, Calv t
iyMoiri-i, Munay rsobte jNoyt*,, Oírte, Owms Palmu, Pai
t er, Paimt titer Psynter,Pennvbi(ket, Petiikm, Phelps-, Pihn,
Po'tei, Pratt, Pií-nuí , Randen, Kcnchtr, Ttbett, Rivib, t-het
lei, Augustine IÍ bin s>peid, ssnydei, Sponoer, Ismail, J iy!m,
Tnoma^/lillinglia-.t, litui, louiiy, lumoy, V ul, Vandtvcei,
fta enu, \\tt tor, Wteks-, Ell ha Whittlesey, 'Illoraas. t
Whittlcsi.v, laiei W Williams, and \ II- 12.1
NAiS-\ItM« S.ycuge, Btll, Bid tie, Bonldm, Biyjts
John Calhuon, W ilium B Campbell, John Cunph 11, ( arm,
Chambers, Uiouiutn, Ctnlils, Corww, Cranston, < mi uu,
Cuius, Dobuiy, Hennis, Dunn, 1 vuett, 1 iltmore, Jann i
fiailand, Rice Garland, James Grab im, Win (.riltain, Kill,
JUlstod, Harlan, IIar|<T, HastttnWlawes Ultiman, II M r
liimo.1, Jenifer, Hi nry Tolin^o i, W j í isa Johnson, Ktiint dv,
1 o^are, Lyon, Jiines M Mi-ni Sunsnn Miwon, Mu ly Mi
Keñnan Menottc ilncei, Milium \titthcll Tsiyhi, i'ntir
son, Peek, Popt Rindolph, Rud Runway, Rolctt on, Ruin
pty, -seigtant Chill -3 Micpaid, shields, Mbtty, Made, South
irate, Si mley fe'oni, te'iation Taliliiuo 1 hemps-oil, (Inilu
Vrood, Albert S Wiute John White, Iwn Williams, Slituml
Williams Jo^epli h Williams, Chiistopher II Williams*, and
Yoike—74
The question was then taken on printing the evi-
dence and journal, and decided m the allirmative
—yeas 1S9, nays 4, as follows
YEV3-—"Moor's A'itm, AIe\ tndoi, Iloman Allen, John W
Allen, Andtis-ou \ii'n, s, Athuton, Avcii2?, Bettty, Beirne,
Bell, Bckfiell, Bu'dln Kudsall Boon, Boit'en, Boulilin, Brings,
iirodheid, Bunion Uynuni, W B ( alh >un, John Catho m,
i arabrelen¿ John < linpbelt, < Hlf-r Cisey, ( hambeis Chap
mm f itd'tiani Clilifc, tlaik Clownty, Cofltn, Coles Con
nor C lvm, Imsr Ciaiy, Cianston Ciocke t, ( uuis tush
ml j311-u.11, Da lin_io , Davee, Davids, Uebeny DoOiall,
D"i n- Dinoin 1) inn TJilivanW..ii.rut Cvvin" rainrgion,
T utfjcld, R II tehei, rillmore Tostti I iy, C. iltup, I mie?
(iatlaid Re Out nd, (.ootlt J mis. C.rahai), Willi im Gi i
1, im, Grantlnu' Oí i it Gr y, Guflin, Ualiy, II ill, III! ted,
Hammond Hirln Hanson Hatei, 0a tin?~, Hawkins,
Havnes Ileniy, Jfei id, II ilTnnn, Hoi i V, Holt, II i| kiir-,
Ho villi, Httbley William JI Ilnntei, R btilM 1 Jlimin
ln"him T B la-Uon, 1 J ickson Jenila Iltnry Ii hnwn,
jlohmon, N Jonto J W Jone Kcnn, K.mble hemic tv
Kll'o-s, Klingen=™ith, L adb ttei Iawii, lineólo I oüan
Loomi , I.VOU, Marvin, lames M Ma on SUKOO MbOl,
Martin. Maury, Mi Kay, Robeit McCIcllan, Abnham M ( hi
Ian, McClure, MelCennan, "VIeneiee, Meicer, Mil igan, Mi lei,
Montgomery, Moore Woigin, Celviry Moms Munay Nob e,
Koyes, O'le Owens Pa'mei Pjiker Parmcn'e, Patfi o l,
Paynter, Ptxk, Pennybacker, Pet ik.a, Phclp-  iJop°, Pitts,
Pottei, Prat', Prentl=s, Randen, Randolph, Ree Rentlei,
Kbelt, Ridgway Rive  Robeifon Rom«.y,Rus«ell Serj in',
fiheffer. Augustine II nheppeid, Challes- shepard Shit iit,
biotey, SlaJe, Snydei, Somhaate, -|«ncei Stanly, Siuiii,
Btone, Stratton, Taliaferro Taylor Tnomi , Thampjon TV
lin«ha«t, Titus, Toucey, Tarney, Vaii, Vandeiveer, Wagner,
Webstei, Weeks, Albert S White, John White, Llisha\.'tat
tlesey, l^wis Williams, Jated W   Williams, Joseph L WU
hams, Yell, and Yorke—1S9
NAYS—Messrs Hawes, Underwood, Sheriod Williams and
Christopher H Williams—4
Mr. EVERETT, on leave, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, reported a supplementary bill to
provide for the organizaron of the Department of
Indian Affairs, approved June, 1834.
Mr. EVERETT also reported Senate bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of George Du
Val, with a proposition to strike out the enacting
clause: committed.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, from the Committee on
Manufactures, reported, without amendment, Se-
nate bill to refund certain duties on railroad iron,
imported by the New York and Harlem railroad
company
Mr. BOON said he was about to make amotion.
During the progress of this discussion, said he, fre-
quent appeals have been made m behalf of the
"dear people," and he would now make a motion
to test the sincerity of gentlemen. He would move
that 20,000 extra copies of the reports of the ma-
jority and minority of the select committee, to¿ether
with the evidence, on the duelling investigation, be
printed for the use of the "dear people" of this
country.
The CHAIR remarked that the motion required
the unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. BOON would ask it, and expressed a hope
that no gentleman would object
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana objected, and
Mr. REED interposing a motion to adjourn, which
prevailed,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, May 10, 1S38
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY
The following message, in writing, was recen ed
from the Piesident of the  United Slates, by  ths
hands  of his pi i vate secretary,  Aeraiiim   Vin
IJuri n, Esq
To tha Senate ami House of Rcpicsentalwes-
I submit to the consideration of Concre«s a state-
ment prepared by the Secretary of the Tieasmy,
by which it appears that the United States, with
over twenty eight millions m deposite with the
States, and over fifteen millions due from índivi-
dua's and banks, are, from the situation in which
these funds are placed, in immediate danger of br-
ing rendered unable to discharge, with ijood faith
and promptitude, the vanous pecuniaiy obligations
of the Government
The occurrence of this result has for some time
been apprehended, and effort-, made to aveit it As
the principal diflitnlty arises fiom a prohibition m
the piesent law to reissue smb. Treas>urv notes a>
might be paid in before they f,ill due, and mi) be
effectually obviated by giving the Tieasmy, duung
the \% hole j ear, the benefit of the full amount origi-
nally anthoiized, the remedy would seem to be ob-
vious and easy.
The serious embarrassments likely to arise from
a longer continuance of the present state of thirgs,
induces me respectfully to invite the earliest action
of Congress to the subject which may be consistent
to a due regard for other public interests
M   VAN BUREN.
May 10, 1838
Trtasuiiy Department, May, 10, 1833
The undersigned would respectfully submit to the
President the following statement concerning «¡orne
fiscal embarrassments which are hkelv soon to hip-
pen, unless averted by early ¡es.slation
It has been usual for the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, except in tne annual leport on the finances,
and m replies to special calls or directions by either
House of Congress, to give information respecting
a'l matters which appertain to his office, through
letters addressed to the appropriate committees.
For some months past, and on seveial occasions,
that mode has been pursued m respect to these
threatened embarrassments, by giving to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means such information con-
cerning them as the public exigencies and a sea-
sonable foresight seemed to require. Some sug-
gestions and facts connected with them, have like-
Wise been introduced into  reports made to Con-
gress. But the relief desired having not yet been
granted, and a longer omission to provide for the
emergency having a tendency to impair public cre-
dit, to the great prejudice «f contractors and work-
men, as well as of pensioners, the army, navy, and
many other classes, the undersigned deems it his
duty to apprize the Executive also of the impend-
ing difficulties, m order that he may take such fur-
ther steps as appear proper to promote a faithful
dischai ge of the pecuniary obligations of the Go-
vernment.
The peculiarity in the present condition of the
finances can be very briefly explained. It has
arisen, not from any actual deficiency which has
yet occurred in the amount of receipts anticipated
for the year, not from any excess of appropriations
which has yet been made for either ordinary or ex-
traordinary objscts, but from a prohibition to use,
for the payment of the public dues, which is re-
quired by law to be received for them.
In the act of October last, authorizing the issue
of Treasury notes, they were made receivable at
any time for those dues, but were expressly for-
bidden, after such receipt, from being reissued in
discharge of claims on the Treasury. From this
circumstance, coupled with the protracted failure of
most of the banks to resume specie payments, little
has of late been received for revenue except Trea-
sury notes. Over five and a half mi'lions of therri*
have alieady been paid in, though none fall due
ttll about the 1st of November next. As these can-
not be paid out again, or others m their place, till
the restriction before mentioned is modified, it has
followed that a great portion of the receipts of the
year have thus far been entirely useless for aiding
to defray the large expenditures charged upon it,
and resort has of necessity been had to the emission
of more Treasury notes under the original act, un-
til the whole amount authorized, except $216,802,
has been exhausted.
The only other means available to meet the pub-
lic engagement*, with the exceptions as to trusts
and the Mint, detailed in a special report on the
condition of thp Treasury to the House of Repre-
sentatives the 26th of Maich last, are reduced to
about $347,432.
These constitute an aggregate of five hundred
and sixty-four thousand two hundred and thirty-
four dollars thus available, instead of a balance of
from two to six millions, which it has generally
been considered wise to retain on hind, m order,
with the aid of the current revenue, to insure punc-
tuality, and guaid against the embarrassments in-
cident to fluctuations and other contingencies
During the present jear the revenue has been paid
in Ticasury notes to such an extent that only about
one fourth of a million, monthly, has been receiv-
ed Irorii it m money, so as to assist m discharging
the cuirent expenditures. These last, on an ave-
rage, have bean over two millions monthly, and in
April neaily three millions
As more than four millions of the Treasury
notes are still outstanding, and the banks generally
have not yet resumed specie payments, it is proba-
b'e that a great part of the revenue will, for some
time to come, be paid in a similar manner. Under
mch circumstances, and when it is considered that
laige sums due from the postponed custom-house
bonds, the banks, and the States, are not yet pay-
able, and that no power now exists, except m Cor-
gress, to recall *he deposites from the latter, that
there is no reserved fund to resort to, or any other
aiilhomed means by which the wants of the Trea-
sury can be supplied, it is manifest that the De-
paitment is exposed weekly and almost daily to be
deprived of the whole of its available means, and
the credit of the Government to be injuriously af-
fected, both at home and abroad.
Congress could readily avert these results, if ap-
proving the course suggested m the last annual re-
port on the finances. It could remove the prohibi-
tion to reissue the notes which may be, or have
been, prematurely paid in and redesmed, and,
«here they have been cancelled, permit others to
be issued m their stead, or it could effect tne same
object by allowing other notes to be emitted, in-
stead of such as have been and shall hereafter be
paid in, before the year for their redemption ex-
pires.   By the seasonable adoption of either of
