Congressional globe.                                    s?á
Oa motion of Mr. WHITE, it was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
THE CHEROKEE TREATY.
Mr. DAVIS presented several memorials in re-
lation to the Cherokee treaty, praying for its revi-
sion and repeal- laid on the table.
Mr. McKEAN presented several memorials on
the same subject, which were disposed of m the
same manner.
Mr. LUMPKIN arose, and addressed the Senate
to the following effect:
Mr. President: I hold in my hand a letter ad-
dressed to me by Mr. John Ridge, a Cherokee
man, of the country West. This letter contains
much interesting and detailed information in re-
gard to the present state and condition of the Che-
rokee people, and affords, a lair view of the pros-
pects which await these people, if they could be
permitted to enter into the possession of the advan-
tages secured to them by the treaty of 1835. It is
my wish, sir, to read this letter for the information
of the Senate and of the country. I will add, that
I have numerous letters from highly respectable
Cherokees who have settled in the West, which go
to sustain fully all the views and statements of Mr.
Ridge. The propriety of introducing and reading
this letter I trust will not be controverted, when
we take into consideration the present actual state
of our Cherokee affairs
It is known that the Government, m December,
1835, entered into an arrangement or treaty with a
numerous and intelligent delegation of the Chero-
kee people Under which aiwngement it was sti-
pulated and agreed that the whole people should
emigrate from the East to the West, under the care
and superintendence of the Government of the
United Stales, on or before the 23d of the pre-
sent month, May, 1838; and several thousand of
them, including the most intelligent, have already
emigrated, and taken up their abodes in thci new
country, wheie they are quiet, happy, and content-
ed, and are anxious to see the balance of their
tribe join them in the West, and paiticipate in
their rich inheritance. Among the emigrants are
Mr. Ridge, the writer of the letter to which I have
relerred, who is a man of strong native mind, im-
proved by cultivation and education. lie is a
man of gieat integrity of charactei, whose lofty
spirit became restless under the conflicts and con-
troversies of his people with the State Govern-
ments, which terminated in the annihilation of the
Cherokee Gov ernment. Under those circmmtar-ccs
Mr. Ridge and his friends yielded to the force of
circumstances, choosing to abandon, then country
rather than be deprived of their native right to selt
government; and Mr Ridge became the indepen-
dent advocate ol emigration, as the best hope of
securing to his people the boon of libertv and inde-
pendence And now, with a prudent and intelli-
gent forecast, he looks to a more honorable and en-
deared relation to the Government oí the United
States, as the only rational hope of perpetuating the
existence of the native American race.
But, sir, by the indulgent e of the Senate I will
read the letter of Mr. Ridge referred to, and to sus-
tain the truth of which I have in my possession
ample testimony.
[Leave being granted, Mr. L. read as follows']
South Lee, Berkshire Co Mass.
May 7, 1838.
My Frisad While I was m New York, I le-
ceived your kind letter of the 25th ult. m answer
to mine, for which I am greatly indebted to you
It was my desire to have visited Washington, in
order to have the pleasure of a personal interview
with you, and also to see the result ot the great
Indian bill, now in a course of rtiscu&sion in the
Senate, but the period I have set apait to return
to my country is the first of June, and I have but
a short time to spend among my wife's relations
I did not write as fully as the interesting subject
of the Cherokee removal, and thenature of thecoun-
try, demanded, as I then believed I should see you
Now you will allow me to relate my opinion of
our country m the West, and the situation of oui
people.
The treaty is so liberal in its provisions for the
comfortable, removal of the Cherokees, that I have
heard no complaints on that head, but the highest
satisfaction. Those who went by water in steam-
boats in the spring of the year, passed with so
much despatch, that most of them planted coin,
and raised considerable crops. You know that
good and exemplary christian, Mr. Charles Moore.
He said that he planted in the month of June, and
raised a greater crop of beans, pumpkins, and
corn, than he ever did m Georgia under the most
favorable circumstances. He said that "the land
in the West was so rich, that he could compare it
to nothing else than a fattened hog, which was so
fat that he could not get up." I have travelled ex-
tensively in that country—once, from my residence,
near the corner of Missouri and Arkansas, to Port
Smith, through Flint district, where I had the plea-
sure of beholding fine spnngs of water, excellent
farms, and comfortable houses, and mills and mis-
sion schools, belonging to the Cherokees, and every
evidence of prosperity and happiness was to be
seen among the Cherokees as a people. I saw a
number who had previously arrived, and who ar-
rived since I had, and I heard but one'sentiment—
that they were happy and contented m their new
country. Indeed, the soil is so exceedingly
rich, and well timbered, and the navigation
of the Arkansas river affoids them superior com-
mercial advantages to what they enjoyed in the
East I joked with the people, and asked them if
they would return to Georgia, even if they could
be re-established in their ancient rights and loca-
tion in that country? They invariably said, No, by
no means' Nothing would induce them to return
But they sincerely wished that the eyes of their
countrymen might be opened, and break from the
delusions of John Ross and his political tools, and
escape to this good land. I think in this direction,
I travelled over cighiy-eight miles of the nation m
a straight line. After this, I visited the newly ac-
quired land, called neutral, which was added to
our country west, by the treaty ot New Echota I
rode over it about two days, and I their found Mr.
Joseph Rogers, our Cheiokee friend from the Cha-
tahoochy, pleasantly situated in the finest region of
country I ever beheld on any land in the United
States. The slieams here, of all sues from the
river to the brooks, run swiftly over cleai stones
and pebbles, and the water is clear as crvstil,
in which excellent fish abound m vast numbers
The soil i3 diversified, from the best prairie lands
to the be^t bottom lands in vast tract*. Nev er did
I see abetter loeUionfor settlements, and better
springs m the wmld God his thrown his fivrs
here with a moa I cast In this region aie nume-
rous mill-., and it is of itself capable of vuppoi tinga
larger popnla'ion than the whole Cherokee ni'ion.
On my retain, I travelled low aids Tort Gibson,
seventy-lwe miles, m another duection, and I found
the richness of ihe soil, and natural advantages,
far supenor to any other country m my travels. In
this trip, 1 visited Parkhill mission, where the
Rev. Mr. Worcester and Mr. Boudmot are loca-
ted, and aie engaged m the translation and publi-
cation of useful religious books in the Cherokee
language, and also Choctaw books* prepared
by the Choctaw missionaries. But what pleased
mc more, and which was a new thing here,
in this country, those gentlemen had publish-
ed a christian almanac, in Cherokee and English,
calculated for the mendian of Fort Gibson1 I found
thit extensively in circulation among the Cherol ees,
and in fact, I was pleased to find, that iels;ious
tracts m the Indian language, on the shelves of full-
blooded Cherokees, and every one knew and seem-
ed to love, the "messengo," as they call Mr Wor-
cester. I very often met with new emigrants from
the, eastern nation, either arriving, or settling the
country, or on their way to Fort Gibson, to draw
the balance of their dues for their lands and im-
provements. These new comers weie formerly of
opposite parties in the old nation, there was no
disposition to quarrel, but every disposition manifes-
ted to cultivate friendship, and rejoice together m
the possession of this country.
I had the pleasure of hemg introduced to General
Arbuckle, commandmg at Fort Gibson, and I
found him tobe an excellent man, of hne personal
appearance, and intelligence. He informed me
that the country next to the Osages, on the Verdi-
gris, was the best in the country, and was yet un-
settled, so you perceive that I am greatly pleased
with our new country. Most all the intelligent
men of our nation, our supreme judges, our she-
riffs, our marshals, our legislators, and our national
treasurer, are, you are awar<>, already removed)
and all are engaged in the building of houses and
the opening of farms. Many of the Cherokees
htave turned their attention to merchandising, and
some have supplied themselves with goods from
New Orleans and New York, besides other places
more convenient to die nation.
Many of the Christian Cherokees are engaged in
the organization of schools and temperance socie-
ties, and there i-, no danger, as some supposed, that
the Cherokees would indulge so much in the chase
as to retrograde from civilization. And I have also
the pleasure of informing you, that the utmost
friendship and tranquillity prevail  between the In-
dians and the citizens of the United States, not only
those who live at the military stations, but those of
your citizens who reside m Missouri and Arkansas,
near the Cherokee nation. In the best state of
friendship they visit and trade together on both
sides of the line, to their mutual advantage. In
addition to this, we have excellent saline springs,
where salt is made by the Cherokees. I was told
Judge Martin was about to commence to work at
one of these salines. In regard to the health of the
country, I find that it is good on the small water
courses, and it is only on the larger water courses
that the fever and ague prevails among new set-
tlers. But it is somewhat singular, that whenever
a Cherokee arnves in the country, wherever that
might be, he cannot be induced to change his loca-
tion for a better. He will say that there is either
no better, or that his place is as good as he wants
it to be.
If the people ci the United States could only see
our condition in the West, they would no longer
assist John Boss to delude the poor, ignorant por-
tion of onr people to íemain m the East, while ho
can speculate on their miseries.
The Cherokee Government in the West is very
much like it was in the old nation before it was
suppressed by the States.
They have an Executive, Legislature, and a Judi-
ciary, and I  tai by jury.
I feel happy to ascertain that a majority of the
Senate entertain such magnanimous views towards
the well-being of the Indians m future Removed
as they are from State jurisdiction and conflict,
with the rich advnn'nges of Christianity an 1 civil -
7ation, the Choctaws, Cherokees, Chickasaws,
Creeks, and other nations, are destined to become
a mighty and a happy peojie in the West I am
truly p'easul to find that our neighbor Senatoi
Seviei slamls by your side in this gieat under-
taking. Tint was a happy thought of his, in calling
the Indian Territory " JVcosfto " It means, m the
Osage language, the " Clear  Waters "
I should be glad to receive the documents con-
nected with that bill, and all the important speeches
upon the subject.
While I was in New York, I found that the
religious community were entirely bewildered by
John Ross, and the party slang of their papers
Instead of viewing the late treaty as a blessing to
the Cherokees, and as a mode of relief to the suf-
fenng Cherokees, they considered it the source of
all their afflictions I attempted to explain John
Ross's position in the papers, and many of them
are convinced that the treaty and its friends a-e in
the right, but a great many are still bewildered.
They believe that John Ross is the nation; and
could he succeed to break the treaty, the whole
of the Southern States would retire from their jurs-
dictional charters
I sometimes feel afraid that all is not right m
these editors of newspapers. It would seem that
they would be w llhng to have the Indians resist
and shed blood, and produce a Florida scene, m or-
der to render their Government odious They
seem to be pleased to have money expended to sup-
press Indian hostilities, and then blame the Govern-
ment for the expenses They well know that the
Indians cannot exist m the State ; and ail they
can possibly accomplish by their memorials, is to
assist John Ross to effect a treaty, the character of
which is buried deep in his breast.   They all know
