376                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
----------1   ..           n     IIIM.....n......--------Tftt-1  ■ >  .t-----<ift^   ..irn , —r.-   11   ----------------_________________,__.________________________________________        „„------------------
that in the East the Cherokees have no Govern-
ment, and have had no electionb for nine years
past; and jet John Ross is, in Iheir estimation, a
constitutional chief over all the Cherokees, and if
the President refuses to recognise this preposterous
claim, and detei mines to see that all the Cherokees
shall share alike from the avails of their land, then
they proclaim him a monster, and John Ross the
Cherokee christian.
I shall remain here to the first of June, and I will
be obliged to you for another letter before I start lor
the West.   I am your fnend.
JOHN RIDGE
Gov. Wilson Lumpkin.
Thus, sir, you have the views of a man, than
whom none is better qualified to judge, or more
entitled to full credit. Now, sir, what a conlrast
does this letter of facts present, when compared
with the idle, silly, and false sympathy set forth in
the memorials and petitions with which we are
daily inundated—coming from a distant people,
who are obviously ignorant of the merits of the
subject with which they are impertinently inter-
meddling Yes, sir, these memoiiahsts are made
to complain upon a subject upon which, from the
nature of things, they care and know but little
Sir, these good, religious memorialists are brought
in as auxiliaries to a politics! cause The obvious
object is to bring odium and censure on the admi-
nistration of your Government. 1 aspue not to
the honor of those who are the organs of such
petitioners Sir, I am the friend of liberty and
individual nghls. To jieítíton, speak, toufe, and
publish, is guarantied to the American citizen by
the Constitution of our country. I would abridge
none of thess rights. But I am the avowed op-
ponent of the impertinent intei meddling of one
section of our country with the local concerns of
another section. And, sir, whenm my closet, I
sometimes tremble for the ultimate destiny of my
country, when I trace the progress and mo\ ements
of the present times.
We are justly and properly considered a christian
people. The Constitutions of our country all re-
cognise the Bible as a book of Divine origin and
revelation, and none can have a higher rtgard and
veneraiion for that standard of religion than my-
self. But in the formation of our Constitution,
great care was taken not to blerd Cnurch and
State; a religious'party in politic, such as tW se peti-
tioners on the Cheiokee subjei t, w a nt /ei contem
plated by the fiamers of our Constitution But
with all our guarranties of libeity of conscience,
■«hat is the present state of facts? Look at the
journals and proceedings of both Houses of Con-
gress during the present session All other busi-
ness dwindles into mere items, when compared
with the mass of matter, forced on the attention of
Congress by a concert of professed christian spirits,
who are countenanced, encouraged, and sus-
tained by highly talented men of the politi-
cal party, who are opposed to the present
Administration of the Federal Government
And these pious people take the liberty, upon all
occasions, of dealing out denunciation and con-
demnation upon the Government of th"ir country
And yet, when conclusive testimony is introduced
to expose their error, the Senator lrom Massachu-
setts [Mr. Davis] complains of the want of respect
to these petitioners. The 'elter of Mr Ridge read
by me, has nothing m it unkind or uncourieous to
these people, unless the exposure of their errors
and ignorance upon this Indian subject may b° so
considered Compare the severity and sent menls
of these memorials, levelled aganst the Govern-
ment to help out a political party, with thi* letter,
and I may safely appeal to any tribunal for an
award in favor of Mr. Ridge, upon the score of
moderation, when compared with this christian
party in politics Mr. Ridge's letter certainly gives
him much the strongest claim to a christian spr't
of moderation and truth.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts under-
takes to justify his complaining constituents and
memorialists upon the ground that their complaints
are confined to the validity of the late treaty.
Moreover, the Senator informs us that he has
never considered the treaty a valid one, that it was
made with á small numbir of unauthorized indi-
viduals of the Cherokee people, and that fifteen or
sixteen thousand Cherokees have remonstrated
against the treaty during the present session of
Congress Upon this subject I will give the Sena-
tor and the Senate correct information. I wish
the whole truth to be known to the country. The
numerical majority of the whole Cherokee people
has for many years been under the influence of
Mr. Ross and his party; and, therefore, I have no
doubt but a majority of the whole Cherokee peo-
ple, it they had been consulted, would have joined
Ross m dissenting to the treaty But it is equally
true that a majority of the Cherokees who pos-
sessed a sufficient share of intelligence to compre-
hend the subject, were decidedly in favor of the
treat), and aie now happy and satisfied in the en-
joyment of the benefits and advantages secured to
them and their people under the provisions of the
treaty.
My opinion of Indian treaties is known to the
Senate But I would ask, when was fheJvalidity
of an Indian treaty, before this, tested by being
submitted to the whole mass of an Indian people,
mei, women, and children? A new test has been
introduced to try the val dity of this treaty it is to
be tested upon the broadest principles of Demo-
cracy It ought to be sufficient to satisfy the wise
and the good, every where, that this treaty was ne
gotiated, on behalf ot the Cherokees, by the most
intelligent and patriotic men that ever negotiated
an Indian treaty, and that it secures to the whole
people more signal advantages than were ever be-
fore secured to an Indian people, by any treaty
heretofore entered into by this Government. This
treaty dispenses equal justice to the rich and poor,
without favor or partiality ta a solitary individual.
One word, sir, upon the subject of the remon-
strance oí the fifteen thousand Cherokees, against
the execution ofthe treaty. Including every Indian
soul, now in the Cherokee countty East, their
number cannot amount to fifteen thousand—the
whole ofthe men, women, and children, including
the infants at the breast, and they do not amount to
that number. Here then, Mr President, we have
a foicible illustration of the imposition practised
upon honorable Senators, vi ho become the organs
ofthe fashionable petitioners of the present day. Sir,
the facts which I state are susceptible of proof,
before any tribunal whatever I, therefore, hope
we shall hear no mors about the fifteen thousand
Cherokee complainants
But, sir, I could bear with patience and compo-
sure all this delusion and ignorance, and imperti-
nent mtermedhng, but for the apprehended mis-
chief and evil which the opponents of the Govern-
ment are likelv to bring upon the poor Cherokees
themselves, and for whom they profess to feel such
strong sympathy. The opponents of the Govern-
ment, and their pious friends, will not let the
Indians go Every expedient has been resorted to
for the purpose of preventing these people from
entering into their goodly inheritance I fear noth-
ing will satisfy the tender mercies of those who are
mtermedhng with this subject, but another Indian
war It requires an extraordinary share of philo-
sophy to exercise composure under such provoca-
tions as are directly addressed to the Southern peo-
ple from day to day in this chamber, under the
humble garb of petition But, sir, I will not in-
dulge in further remaiks on this subject at present,
for I carnot do so without feelings which I do not
wish to cherish
Mr. CLAYTON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Agnes Dudley, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading
Mr NILES, from the Committee on Manufac-
tures, reported a bill imposing a duty on imported
starch, which was read, and ordered to a second
reading
Mi RIVES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred the bill to esta-
blish and regulate the navy ration, reported the
same with amendments
Mr BROWN presented the proceedings of* a
large number of citizens of North Carolina, and a
memorial from the same, praying for an appropri-
ation for tb* purpose of improving the navigation
of---------Sound: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The bill to punish counterfeiting Treasury notes
and other securities of the United Stales, and the
joint resolution for the relief of Vespasian P. Ellis,
were severally read the third time and passed.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked for its immediate consideration,
but this requiring the unanimous consent of tha
Senate, and Mr. TALLMADGE objecting, it lies
over one day.
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia procure and report to the Senate state-
ments of the condition of the several banks m the
District of Columbia that have applied for an ex-
tension of their charters, in regard to the following
particulars-
1 The names of the officers and directors of tha
banks, the amount of stock owned by each, and
the debts due from each to the banks respectively,
discriminating between the executive, legislative,
and judicial officers of the Government among
them, and also between residents and non-residents.
2. The stockholders of the banks respectively,
the amount of stock owned by each, and of debts
due from each, discriminating as above.
3 The debtors to the banks respectively, and
the amount due from each, discriminating as above.
4. The number of suits that the banks respec-
tively have instituted against their debtors since the
suspension of specie payments, and the amount
due from each, discriminating as above.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill to continue the corporate existence of the
banks in the District of Columbia, the ques-
tion being on the amendment offered by Mr. BU-
CHANAN, and explained in yesterday's report.
Messrs NILES and BENTON, severally ad-
dressed the Senate in favor of the principle con-
tained in the amendment, after which,
Mr. ALLEN moved to lay the bill on the table,
to give time to obtain the information called for by
the resolution submitted by him this morning, and
in consideration of the absence and indisposition
of the Senator who submitted the pending amend-
ment.
This motion was decided in the negative—yeas
15, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of
Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Morn ,
Niles, Norvcll, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Strange, Trotter, and Williams—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Hubbard, King, Knight, Lump-
kin, Mouton, Nicholas, Pierce, Prentiss, Preston,
Rives, Roane, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Spence, Tallmadge, Tipton, Webster, and White—
23.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the Senate went
into the consideration of Executive business; after
which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
WEDNrsDty, May 16, 1838.
RECISSION OF TREASURY CIRCULAR.
Mr BOON rose and said, pursuant to the notice
he had given yesterday, he moved a suspension of
the rules, for the purpose of taking up the resolu-
tion of Mr Williai & of Kentucky for one hour,
adding that he understood that gentleman would
modify it, if it should be received, by adopting that
of Mr B.
The resolution was as follows
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means be instructed to report a bill making it un-
lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury, or any
other officer of this Government, to continue in
force or make any general or special order making
a distinction or discrimination in the medium or
kind of currency in which the different branches
of the revenue (either from the sales ot the public
lands or from any other source) of the United
States shall be collec'ed.
Mr WILLIAMS said that having been inform-
ed some gentlemen voted against the suspension of
the rules yesterday, because they disapproved of
the phraseology of this resolution, he gave no.
