tice that if the House absented to the motion of the
gentleman from Indiana, he would so modify his
resolution as to make it a joint one, without any
reference to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. GRENNELL asked for the yeas and nays,
but, on dividing the House, no quorum appearing,
Mr. BRIGGS moved a call of the House, which
was ordered, and, after proceeding for some time,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Va. moved to dispense with
it; the House then refused, but, after proceeding
further, th« motion was renewed by Mr. MARVIN,
and prevailed.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules, and decided m the negative—yeas 111, nays
A joint resolution from the Senate, for the relief
of Vespasian Ellis, was taken up, read twice, and,
an motion of Mr. "WISE, ordered to itb third read-
ing, and then read a third time and passed.
The Senate bill to authorize the sale of certain
bonds [of the Bank of the United States] belonging
to the United States, was read twice, and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The Senate bill for the rehei of Hard and Long-
street was read twice, and, on motion of Mr.
MONTGOMERY, referred to the Committee on
the Post Oifice and Post Roads.
The Senate bill to amend the act more effectu-
ally to provide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and for other purposes,
was also read twice, and, on motion of Mr.
WHITTLESEY of Ohio, referred to the Com-
mittee on ¡he Judiciary.
Mr. CARTER of Tennessee and Mr. HAR-
LAN of Kentucky, severally had leave to with-
draw some papers relating to private claims.
Mr. LINCOLN and Mr. SOUTHGATE • ap-
pealed to the House to take up the motion to print
10,000 extra copies of the militia report; but it
was objected to.
TREASURY NOTES.
On moLon of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the rules
were suspended, and the House took up the "bill to
carry into effect an act approved the 12th of Octo-
ber, 1837, to authonze the issuing oí Treasury
notes," reported last evening, from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill, as reported, was in the following
words:
lie it enacted by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives of Ike Umted States of Jlma\ca in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury, with
the approbation of the President of the United
States, is hereby authorized to cause Treasury
notes to be issued, according to the provisions oí
an act entitled "An act to authorizo the issuing of
Treasury notes," approved the twelfth day of Octo-
ber last, in place of such notes as have been, or
may be, issued under the authority of the act
aforesaid, and which have been, or may hereafter
be, paid into the Treasury and cancelled.
Mr CAMBRELENG moved to amend tho bill,
by inseiting between the 5th and 6th lines, after
the word " provisions," " and subject to all the
conditions, limitations, and restrictions;" which was
agreed to.
Mr. C. moved to add the penal clause of the
former bill against counterfeiting, etc , but, aflci
some conversation with Mr. HOFFMAN, he with-
drew it, explautng that he himself did not deem it
necessaiy, but a=> others did, he had submitted it in
defeience to them.
Mr. ROBERTSON then renewed his amend-
ment offered m Committee, modifying it so a", to
embrace also the substance of one submitted by
Mr MENEFEE, as follows.
Strike out all after the enacting clause, and in-
sert
Thai the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, authorized, with the approbation of the
President, to borrow, on the credit of the United
States, from time to time, such sums as the Presi-
dent may consular requisite for the public service
of the current year, not exceedirg in the whole
------millions of dollars, at a rate i f interest not
exceedmg six per centum per annum, payable
quarter-j early, reimbursable at the will of the Unt
ted States, or at such periods as may be stipulated,
not exceeding --------- from the ■-----— day of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
---------; to be applied, in addition ¡o the moneys
now in the Treasury, or which may be received
therein from other sources during die present year,
to defray any public expenditures which are or may
be authorized by law. The stock thereby created
shall be transferable at the Treasury of the United
States, under such regulations as the Secretary of
the Treasury shall prescribe; which regulations
shall be published in such manner as he shall
direct. «índ tí is hereby declared, That it shall be
deemed a good execution of the said power to bor-
row, for the Secretary of the Treasury, wiih the ap-
probation of the President of the United States, to
cause to be constituted certificates of stock, signed
by the Register of the Treasury, for the sum bor-
rowed, or for any part thereof, bearing an interest,
payable as aforesaid,   not   exceeding  ------  per
centum per annum, transferable and reimbursable
as aforesaid, provided said stock shall not be sold
under par.
Mr. HOFFMAN then proceeded to reply to Mr.
RHETT; and having done so, propounded some
questions to the Chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. II. inquired whether it was intended, by
this bill, that the Treasury notes issued, and paid
back into the Treasury, should be cancelled as they
came ml
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that, in order to
obviate any misconstruction or doubt about that
point, he had introduced the amendment agreed to
this morning
Mr HOFFMAN. Then, m no case, is the
issue to exceed ten millions of dollars'!
Mr CAMBRELENG.    Ceiiainly not.
Mr. HOFFMAN. And will the power to issue
expire on the 31st of December, 1838, as in the act
of the 12th of October
Mr CAMBRELENG explained that, as the
bill originally stood, according to his construction
ol it, it carried with it all the provisions of that
act; but '-orne doubts having been expressed by
various gentlemen, to obviate them he had extended
the clause by inserting the words, "subject to all
the conditions, limitations, and restrictions" of that
act. Consequently, this bill would expire at the
time indicated in the antecedent one.
Mr. HOFFMAN admitted that he had not paid
strict attention to the amendment at the time it was
offered. He then went on to express his dissent,
and to give his reasons therefor, from the mode of
relief proposed, Treasuiy notes weie objectiona-
ble, because they were unpioduitive, and always
would be depreciated, and quoted, in pi oof oí this,
the testimony of Mr Gallatin Mr. II. then ad-
verted to the free banking scheme, which was, as
yet, an untried experiment, and staled his objec-
tions to some of its featuies. In reference to any
mode of relief, he expressed himself in favor of a
direct loan.
Mr. THOMPSON made some explanations in
reply to Mr H.
Mr JONES of Virginia went into a general
defence of the bill, and m reply to the arguments
urged against it by others.
Mi WISE went at length into an opposition to
the bill, upon the ground that u was better to create
a loan direct, than to rcort to the measure now
proposed. He was willing to take it foi granted
that the necessity forsupphes existed, and commented
upon the course of the Administration, which had
resulted in that effect. He said it was extraordi-
nary that the financiers of the Government should
say that they had abundant mean?, and yet should
be compelled to use their credit to raise money ;
and he made statements to show that the distress
and embarrassment which had fallen upon the
Government and the merchants had also reached
the mass of the community, and was most oppies-
sive in the valley of the Mississippi. When the
is«ue of Treasury notes was first proposed, the
same stoiv of abundant means and temporaiy ex-
pedients was held out, and it was said that time
was wanted for the merchant to pay their bond--, for
the deposite banks to pay what they owed, and
the is--ue of Treasury notes would accomplish all
that was desired. All this had been gianted, and
now, in the same way, more time was asked, and
the issuing of more Treasury note .    He referred
S77
———              ".   '.    ' '.   «fl'-frwa"'''' '    '   ■   '
I to the objection that there was not time to negoti-
ate a loan, and said he thought, though he was not
authorized to say so, that Nicholas Biddle would
take the loan, and pay the ten millions in
specie. That monster, he said, had with-
stood the colossal power of the Government
when it was colossal; and had maintained the cre-
dit of his bank at home and abroad; and now that
the Government was weak and was brjught into
contempt every where, Nicholas Biddle was able
to loan the ten millions which the Government re-
quired to sustain their fiscal operations. Mr W.
went into various arguments to prove that the ac-
tion of the Government m relation to the currency
had been founded m bad policy, and then con-
demned the issuing of Treasury notes as mpra-
dent and unsafe.
He compared the present issue with that of Con-
I tmental money under the Confederation, and call-
ed this the least valuable promise, because it was
not prmsenh, but prasenti solvendutn in futuro; and,
after describing a note oí the old emission, he show-
ed and described a caricatura of the Treasury
notes, and inferred that the people held such expe-
dients of the Government in derision. He con-
cluded by again repeating that he would aid the
Government with all needful funds, but he prefer-
red the direct, open, manner of a loan.
Mr. BYNUM replied to some of the attacks
n ade upon the Administration, and contended that
the proposed mode of obtaining funds was adopted
mordei to prevent a pressure upon the merchants,
who had asked for extension, and to prevent a sud-
den and oppressive call upon the States foi the mo-
neys deposited with them. It was a measure intended
to aid and relieve the country, and he remarked se-
verely upon the conduct of the opponents of the
Administiation, comparing it with that of the par-
ties in olden times, when power was swayed by the
hands of the priestcraft, and was usi d to oppress
and plunder the people, whom it endeivored to
blind, and keep in ignoranc,  and subm ssion Since
the light of knowledge had burst upon the world,
and the wickedness of the ruléis had been exposed,
there was little danger that the people could be long
enslaved; and it was in consequence of the en-
lightened condition of the age that the dominance
of the bank had been resisted and ciushed. He
went fully into an examination of the charges
against the Administration, and into a defence of
its measures.
Mi. GARL \ND of Louisiana sail, if it was
not the intention ot the House to take the question
this evening, he would prefer an adjournment, and
accordingly made such a motion.
Mr. CUSIIMAN called for the yeas and naj s,
which weie ordeie I.
Mr. GARLAND then withdrew his motion to
adjourn, and said if there were no other gentlemen
disposed to address the House, he would waive
his right, and permit the question to be taken.
Other gentlemen having indicated a wish to ad-
dress the House,
Mr. GARLAND then proceeded to comment
upon the extraordinary character of the Presi-
dent's message, and the communication of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and continued at length
an investigation of various questions connected
with the state of the currency, when he yielded
the floor to.
Mr CALHOUN of Massachusetts, who moved
an adjournment.
Mr. HAYNES called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 64, nays 125.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. GARLAND continued his remarks, insist-
ing that a loan was preferable to the issue of Trea-
sury notes, and that a loan could be readily and
speedily negotiated m this country; and defending
the conduct of the United States Bank of Pennsyl-
vania, m the purchase of cotton, for the purpose of
aiding southern planters, and paying the foreign
debt of the country. He maintained that it was
better to resort to a loan in Europe, rather than to
this measure, and suppoited that ground bv refei-
ence to the practice of the Government in pa*t
times, and especially to the times of Washington,
Jefferson, and Madison, who had all been m favor
