378
of that   mode   of  obtaining necessary supplies.
When Mr. Garland had concluded,
Mr. CUSHMAN remarked that the subject had
been fully discussed, and the hour was late, so he
moved the previous question.
Mr. CRAIG moved a call of the House wliicn
was ordered—ayes 83, noes 52.
Mr. POPE, afier the names had been called,
moved a suspension of the proceedings in the call,
and stated that he knew a number of gentlemen
had paired off, upon both sides, with the intention
of not returning.
The question was taken, and decided m the ne-
gative—ayes 76, noes 77.
The Clerk was then about to proceed to call the
absentees, when one hundred and ninety-nine mem-
bers being ascertained to be present.
On moiion of Mr. GRANT, the further proceed-
ing on the call were dispensed with—ajes 104,
noes not counted
The question was then taken on the motion for
the previous question, and resulted—ayes 98, noes
95, so the call for the previous qusstion was se-
conded.
Mr. BELL demanded the yeas and nays on or-
dering the mam question to be put, which were
ordered, and were, yeas 99, nays 99, a tie; the
CkiiB voting m the affirmative, made ayes 100,
noes 99 ; so the main question was ordered.
Mr. GRENNELL asked for tne yeas anl na>s
thereon, which was the engrossment of the bill;
and being ordeied, they were, yeas 106, nays 99;
as follow:
YEAS—Messis Andei-on, Andiews, Atherton, Beatly,
Eeirne, B ckntll, I3nds?ll, iioon, lirodhead, Bronson, Rynum,
Cambieleng, John Camphell ( asey, Chapman, Cleveland,
Coles( Connor, Ciaig, Crary, Cushman, Davte DcGiafl, Drom
eooie, Duncan, Edwards, idmore, Faruaglon, Fanfield, Foslei,
Fiy, Gallup, James Garland, Ulascock, Giantland, Grant, Gray,
Gfiiffm HJey Hammond, Hamei, Hamson, llawkms, ííajnes,
Iiolsey, Holt, Howard, Hubley, Ingham, Thomas IÍ Jackson,
Joseph Johnson, Nath Jones, John W Jones, Keim, Kt-mblc,
K'igore, Klmgenamuh, Legue, Leadbettei, Lewis, Login,
Loofnts, James it Mason. Martin, McKay, Robert Mi Clellan,
Abraham McCle'lan, McCIuie, Mlllei, Montgomery, Moigan,
Mumy, Noble, Palmer, Paikei, Paimenler, Pennvbaokei,
Peuikin, Phelps, Pickens, Potter, Pratt, Prentiss, Rarulen,
Reily, Rhett, Richaidson, Rives, Shorter, Sheploi, Sn>der,
Spencei Stuau, Tayloi, Thomas, Titus, Tonciv, Tnrney,
Vail, Warner Wtbstei, Weeks, Thomas T Wl uilesey,
JaiedW William , Wouhiiigton, and Veil—106
N4\^—Mesáis Adam-, Alexander, Heman Alkn, John
W Allen,Ajcilgg liell Biddle Itond, Iioiden, Briaga, Wil
iiam 13 Calhoun, lohu Calhoon, William B Crmpbel1 Caiter,
Cha nbers cheathani, Clnlds, Clark Collin, Corwiii Cian-tor,
Crockett, Cur lb Ciishing, Diihegton, Davie, Dcbetry, Den
his, Dunn, tians, I> ^íett, Lwing tíichaul T e'ehu, Fillmore,
Rice Gubnd, Goo', jrmes Gialnm, V lUiam Oiaham,
Gtave«, C* mtll lialstcad itnl n, líaiper, tía ting , ilniry,
He-oil Ho man Hopkins, Rnhcit HI T Hun'i l, Hei IV lohii
eon, Wilham Cost Johnson, Keiinc ly, Lmco n, Maivin damson
Mason, Maury, May Maxwell, McKt-nnan, Menelee, Milium,
aliu.hell,C Morn*, Navloi, Noyes, Patterson, Pick, Pope, Potts,
Randolph, Reed, Rentlur, Ridgway, Robe"-m, Kobin'on,
Rupisey Russell, Sergeant, Chalks ^hepaid, shields, Sibley,
Blade, Sulbgate, Stanly, Suatton, Taliafeno, Thompson,
Tilhngha-f, To' tnd, Underwood, Albeit S Whin , Tohn White
Elisha Whittlesey, Lewis Williams, Shcued Williams, Joseph
L Williams, Chi istopher II Williams, Wise, and Yoike—09
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading ; and having been engrossed and put on its
passage,
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky moved to recom-
mit the bill to a Committee of the Whole on the
Stue of the Un on, with instrueuons to report t
bill to autln rire the sale of the bonds of the BanK
oí the United States, and in the e\ent that they
could not be sold m time, then to authorize the
issue of two millions of Treasury notes foi the
immediate «ants of i.ie Government; and also lo
authors a loan o' such sum as might be neces-
sary for the actual /ants of the Government, until
such sale can be made.
Mr. CUSHMAN then moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded—ayes 104, noes not
counted.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina demanded
the yeas and nsys on ordering the mam question,
and hav mg been ordered were, yeas 103, nays 94.
Mr. R*\RIDEN then rose to move a vote of re-
consideration, but it was not in order.
Mes-rs BRIGGS, ROBERTSON, and WISE,
simultaneously called lor the yeas and nays; but
they were ret used.
Mr. BELL raised the point of order, that Mr.
Rariden's motion was m older; but, after a few
words from the Chair, dropped it.
The bill was then passed, and the question being
on adopting the title,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ADAMS moved to strike out the words,
"to carry into effect the act approved 12th day of
October, 1837;" which was agreed to.
Mr. FLETCHER of Massachusetts moved to
insert the following: "to meet the current expenses
of the Government;" which was agreed to.
The title, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. RARIDEN then rose and said, for the pur-
pose of placing himself and his friends in a correct
attitude before this nation, he would give notice
that he should move a reconsideration of the vote
by which the bi'l was passed. He preferred the
amendment proposing to provide means partly by
loan, and partly by Treasury notes, to meet the
immediate wants of the Government, though he
should still vote for the bill if that proposition
should be rejected.
On motion, at about quarter past 10 o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, May 16, 1838.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been n?feired the joint resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. CLAY, pioposmg to make bank
notes receivable and payable in the receipts and
expenditures of the Government, made a detailed
lepoi t thereon; which was read.
Mr BENTON moved that the report be printed;
which motion was carried.
Mr. ALLtN fose f>nd said he would only ob-
serve that this was a very important paper, em-
bracing a subject all interesting to the whole peo-
ple of this country. It was also very long and
elaborate—too much so to undergo a very exten-
sive publication by the ordinary public journals of
the country. To supply its absence from these
journals would requ.re a very large number of co-
pies to be printed by order of the Señale. In look-
i g into the journals of (he Senate to see what had
been the practice of the Senate on the subject, he
found that the report made by the Post Office Com-
mittee in 1834, was ordered to be printed with an
extra number of copies, amounting to 30,000. He
also found that the numerous documents appended
to this report weie ordered to be printed to the
number of 30,000. The order for this printing
passed líie Senate by a vote of 26 to 14. Mr. A.
here, at (he requett of several gentlemen, read the
\eas and nays on the occasion refened to. Be-
lieving this document to be much more important
than the Post Office report of 1834, and that it was
essential tint Ihe people should have the fullest in-
formation on the interesting subject involved, he
was for printing Ihe largest numbei of copies that
had ever been ordered in that body—which was
30,000.
Mr CL4Y expressed himself willing to \rote for
the printing, and he only wished gentlemen to
agree among themselves what number they wanted,
and he would vole for it. He was surprised, how-
ever, that the chairman of l\e committee had not
thought fit to move ¡.ome disposition of the resolu-
tion upon which thrsreporl was made. It bad been
a sufficient time before the committee, and from
the importance of the subject, the public would ex-
pect s.ome action on it. lie complained that the
course of the chairman was unparliamentary, and
that it was treitmg the resolution unfairly to throw
it aside in the way that it had been done.
Mr. MORRIS entirely concmrcd with his col-
league as to the importance of the document just
read. He thought it was ju-t such a paper as
ought to be extensively circulated to disabuse the
public mind on this important subject. If he could
callback the money which has been expended in
printing this session, he would willingly go lo the
expense of printing half a million of copie.; but as
that could not be done, he was willing to go to the
extent moved by his colleague. For his part, he
thought each Senator ought to have 1000 copies to
dismbute, and he would therefore move to print
52,000, instead of 30,000 copies
Mr. CLAY still thought that it was incumbent
on the chairman of the committee to which the re-
solution had been referred, to move for its disposi-
tion m some way or other. It was true that the
chairman had made a very voluminous report on
the subject • referred to him; but he recommended
no action whatever on the resolution, and he there-
fore supposed that it was his intention to consider
it as finally settled.
Mr. HUBBARD observed in reply to Mr. Clay,
that when the report was introduced, it was dis-
tinctly stated by the chairman that he was directed
by the Committee on Finance, to report back the re-
solution without amendment. The reading of the
report was immediately called for, and commenced,
occupying the whole morning, so that the chair-
man had no opportunity of making any motion
whatever, if disposed to do so. Besides the resolu-
tion was reported strictly in accordance with par-
liamentary practice (without amendmeut,) and
would take its place on the calendar, liable to be
called up at any moment by a vote of the Senate.
S© far from its being unparliamentary, as alleged
by the Senator from Kentucy, the report was made
in the usual course, and in strict conformity with
the parliamentary rule. He himself intended as
soon as this debate was disposed of, to move to
take up the resolution, and assign an early day for
its consideration.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said if it was the inten-
tion of the committee to put the resolution in the
Calendar, to meet its fate during the session, it was
, equivalent to suppressing it altogether. The sub-
ject was one of such thrilling interest to the whole
community, that he supposed it was entitled to art
earlier consideration, without throwing it into the
mass, or rather at the tail of all the business of the
Senate.
Mr. HUBBARD said that the Senator could
move to take up the resolution at any lime, and
that it was his province to do so as much as that
of any member of the committee. It was not the
wish of the committee to put the resolution behind
the other business of the Senate; on the contrary,
he had intimated his intention of moving to assign
an early day for its consideration. He would
name any day the Senator pleased.
Mr. KING remarked that the Senator from Ken-
tucky had no reason to complain of the coarse
pursued by the committee in reporting back this
resolution. The committee had reported in the
usual manner, and it was competent lor the Senate
to move to take it up at any time. There was no
disposition on the part of the committee, or, he be-
lieved, of the Senate, lo delay its consideration.
While up he would take notice of the motion made
by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Moréis] to amend
that of his colleague so as to print the extraordina-
ry number of 53,000 copies. Now he, for one,
was opposed to printing an unusual number of do-
cuments, to be laid on the tables of members, and
thrown aside as useless This waste in printing
was an evil that was growing from day to day, and
it was time that it should be ended. He was op-
posed to the printing of the immense number of
extra copies of the Post Office report m 1834, and
he was equally opposed to the printing of so un-
usual a number now. He admitted that the report
was a very able one, and ought to be widely dis-
seminated. He thought it was calculated to do
much good; but he thought that 10,000 copies
would be sufficient, and he would go for that num-
ber, and no more
Mr. HUBBARD said he believed from his know-
ledge of the handwriting of the gentleman who
made the report, that it would not make more than
twenty-four or twenty-five printed pages of the
size of the usual pamphlet ui which the speeches
are published.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, hoped the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Mokris] would withdraw his mo-
tion, and let the question be taken on that of his
colleague, to print 30,000 copies. He was not dis-
posed to follow the example set by gentlemen in
the other House, who opposed the Administration ía
every thing, though he was willing, on the scoie uf
economy, to limit himself to voting for the largest
number that had ever been printed. In regard to this
important document he was willing to go to the ex-
tent moved by the Senator from Ohio first up, [Mr.
Ai r fn,] which was the number printed of the Pott
Office Report, though it was agreed on all hands
that the publication of this document would not
cost more than one-tenth of what that dtd
Mr. GRUNDY said the largest number ever
