380
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
time was of far more importance at this period of
the session than the mode of raising means, and,
so far from desiring to bring on a protracted de-
bate, he would himself, should such spring up,
vote for the previous question. He only wanted
an opportunity for himlelf and his friends to place
their names on the record, so that they could not be
misunderstood.
Mr BOON thought this measure had already
been debated long enough, and he, therefore, moved
the previous question
Mi RIVES propounded an inquiry of the
Chair whether, if a motion to lay the motion to
íeconsider on the table should prevail, ihe bill
would coheie wilh it.
The CHAIR had given this quesuon some atten-
tion, and went on to e-¡plain substantially ,we believe,
to the following effect, tint as no motion now
could be made to Jay the bill on the tab'e, ergo no
collateral motion could have that effect.
Mr RIVES was dec dedly of that opinion, and
therefore asked the gentleman from Indiana to
withdraw his demand lor the previous question.
Mr BOON declined
Mr WILLIAMS of North Carolina moved a
call of the House, which was ordered, and pro-
ceeded in till the roll had been called through
once, when
Mr CUSHING moved to dispense with it
Mr PETR1ION demanded the >easandnajs,
which bewig ordered,
Mr CUSHING withdrew the motion
The roll was then called through a second time,
aid tws hundred and fifteen members having an-
sweied to tneir names,
Mr. CURTIS moved that it be further dispensed
with.
Mr CUSHMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and as they were ordered,
Mr. CURTISS withdrew the motion, but
Mr ATHERTON renewed H, and
Mi. OWENS demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 117, najs 84.
So ihe further proceedings on the call were dis-
pensed with, and the question recuinng on the de-
mand for the previous question—■
Mi WHITTLESEY of Ohio inquired if the pi e-
vious question was sustained, what the main ques-
tion would be'
The CHAIR replied on the reconsideration
Mr BRIGGS inquired what would then be the
situation o( the bi!P
The CH<UR said the effect would be, if the
House should affirm the motion to reconsider, that
the oucstion would then be on ihe passige of tne
bll
Mr ERIGGS Then, sir, should the motion to
reconsider the engrossment prevail, would the bill
be open to amendment'!
The CHAIR thought it would, if that motion
was in order, and a motion to recommit the bill
prevail
Mr WISE Would that motion then be in or-
dei?
The CHAIR said he thought it wouid at another
stage
The House then seconded the demand for the
p evious question, the tellers reporting 119 in the
affirmative, and on the question "Shall the main
question be now puf"
Mr GRAY asked for the yeas and najs, wh<ch
being ordered, were—yeas 141, nays 64
So the House determined that the main question
should be now put. and theieon
Mr BRONSON asked for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were, yeas 110, nays 109,
as follow s
i E Vfc—Messrs Adams, Alexander, Iliman Alten, lulin W
Allei Aycriitg Bell fllddle Bmil, Borden, Bnsgs Wm I! (it
)>oun I Ca.Ui on W B Cdmpbi.ll Carter Clumber , Cheat
ham ChilrK, < lark, C iffin, Corwin, Cranstoi Crockett cur
tla (udiifg I> ivies, I>nm Dunn Evan' Everett Ewincr
K F elrhei Fi Itioi lames GaiKnr!, Rice Garland G ode J
Graham \V Giahim Gi ivo Gieni e I Hall Hal lead Hirlau,
Hat pel Htstw-rs litwes lieny, Hero 1 Hodman, Hopkins,
E H T lintel, Tenter II Johnson W C Johnson, K>i ne ly
Kil"ore, Itncoln Marv n lames II Mason, Sampson Mason,
Maury, May Maxwell WcKennan Menefee, Mercer, MtlUean,
Mitchell Manias Moms Calvary Morns, Naylor, hoyes,
Patterson, Peck P >pt\ Pom Randen Randolph, Reed,
Reocher, Rtdgway, Robertson Robinson, Rnmsey, Russell,
bawyer, Sergeant, Augustine H Bhepperd, Charles Shepard,
Shields, Sibley,  Slade,   Somhgat , Stanly,  Steuart   Stone,
Stiatton Tihafeiro, Thompson, Tilhnghast, Toland, IJndei
wood, Albert S White John White, Ehsha Whittlesey, Lewis
Williams Shonnd Williams, Joseph L Williams, Christopher
H Williams, Wise, and Yorte—1 in
NAYS—Messrs Andeison, Andrews, Atheiton, Beatty,
Beune, Bicknell, Bndsall, Boon, Bouldin, Brodhead, Bronson,
Buchanan Bynum Gatnbreleng, John Campbell, Casey, Chap
man, Cleveland Clownev, Coles, Connor, Orais, Crary, Cush
man, Divce DeGraff, Oromgoole, Duncan, Edwards Elmore,
P Houston, Fairfield Isiac Fletcher, Toster, Fly Gallup, Glas
cock, Grantland Grant, Gray, Griffin Haley, Hammond Ha
mor, Harrison, Hawkin-, Haynes, Holsev, Holt, Howard, Hub
ley, Wm II Hunu r, Ingham, 1 liornas B Jackson, Joseph
Johns in Isathtmel Jones, John W Jones, Ken , Kemble,
Kliníensmith Leiare, Leadbetter, Lewis Losan, Loomis,
Mmm, McKay, R McClellan Abraham McClellan McCluie,
Mil ei, M uitiromery Mooie, Morgan, Mmray, Noble, Owens,
Palmer, Parker, Paimenler, Penmbacker, Petnkin, Phelps,
Pickens Fitter, Piatt, Prentiss, Reily, Rhett, Richardson,
Rives Shefltr, Sheplor Snyder, Spencer Taylor, Thomas,
Titus, Toucey 1 urnev Vail, Vandervpei Wagener, Webster,
Weeks ThomasT Whittlesey, hired W Williams, Worthing
ton, and Yell—1U9
The dure voting in the negative, the motion was
lost
Mr CAMBRELENG then moved that the
House go into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, but subsequently withdrew the
motion.
Mr JONES of Wisconsin asked leave to submit
a resolution setting apart Tuesday and Wednes-
day, the 5th and 6th June, for the consideration of
Territorial business, but it was objected to.
Mr DOWNING, of Florida, moved a suspension
of the rules, which was agreed to, 121 to 52, and
the resolution was taken up and agreed to, ayes
119, noes 43
Mr CAMPBELL, of Soulh Carolina, asked
leave to submit the following resolution*
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing the Secretary of War to settle, upon
equitable principles, the accounts of Major Thomas
W. Harltee, late commandant of the battalion of
South Carolina militia engaged m the Florida ser-
vice, for articles necessary to their comfort, fur-
nished to the troops under his command, and for
such expenses as were incurred at the place of ren-
dezvous, and on the march of the said troops.
OREGON TERRITORY.
The message of the President of the United States,
in relation to the title of the United States to the
Territory west of the Rocky mountains, was laken
up
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
CUSHING, to commit the same tolheCommit-
tee on Foieign Affairs, wnh instructions te inquire
into the expeditncy of establishing a post on the
Columbia river for the defence thereof, and the
expediency of making further provision by law
to prevent any intermeddling by any foreign power
with the Indians (here, &c.
Mr. CUSHING stated that this  was a subject of
great interest, which he wished might be presented
lo the people of the United Slates It would lead
into a discussion of diy details, which might riot
interest the House, but which were now most im-
portant to be understood and spread before the
country It was a question which involved our re-
lations with other powers, and our interests must
be, at any ha7ird defendfd He did not fear that
this question would bring our n ition into conflict
with any other, but, it it did, that ha7ard must be
encountered, and our rights maintained. He
should contend that we had the right to the territo-
ry alluded to, to Ihe exclusion of European powers,
by the right of discovery, for he maintained that
Ihe discovery of an island, carried the whole
island, against subsequent discoveries or possession
of other parts If it was a discovery of a continent,
it would be governed by circum^inces IÍ it was the
discovery of a river, it not only carried the river but
the lands that bordered thereon,and ihe tract of coun-
trj lo its sources He assumed these principles to
be true, because they had always been insisted
upon by our country as a pan of international
law
He said we had a right, by discovery, because
the first discoverv and exploration was made by
Captain Robert Gray, of Massachusetts, who sail-
ed there m the brig Columbia, and was the fir^t
person who visited Columbia river, which he
named, afttr the name of his vessel, the Columbia
river. This first exploration was followed by the
exploration of Lewis and Clarke, which was com-
plete from the source to the mouth of the same
river; and that again was followed by the settle-
ment of John Jacob Astor. Vancouver's discovery,
upon which the English found a right, was subse-
quent to that of Capt.Gray, and he visited the mouth
of the river, as he had stated, in consequence of in-
formation given him by Captain Gray. The occu-
pancy of the territory, projected by John Jacob
Astor in an enlightened spirit, and with the forecast
which distinguishes an enterprising merchant, was
made in 1805, still previous to the occupancy of
any other power; though not under the patronage,
yet under the encouragement of the Government
of the United States. If that possession had been
persisted in, it would now have precluded any fo-
reign nation; but the war of 1812 ensued, and
broke up the establishment; and the whole of Mr.
Astor's great property there was sacrificed by his
treacherous agent, McDougal, who, by collusion
with the Northwest Trading Company of Montreal,
conveyed the property to them, and became a part-
ner in their concern.
The matter remained thus, till the close of the
war, when it was settled by treaty, that the United
States should be restored to any possessioa they
had before had to any lands west of the Mississippi
before the war; and in consequence of that treaty,
the sloop of war Rapid was sent round to take
down the flag of St George, and restore that of
the United States upon the Columbia river, yield-
ing the command of the territory to Commodore
Biddle. This was, however, merely a political
possession, the actual possession still remaining in
the hands of the northwest company, and so re-
maining to the present day. Mr. C. maintained,
that the territory was in our country by the first
discovery, and by treaty, and that the right was
entire and perfect. We held by treaty the right of
the only two European powers, which pretended
evento have had a el tira, besides Great Britain,
which were Spam and France.
Hernando Cortez had made a discovery which
was anterior to that of the English, and he gave the
river the name of Oregon, which it still bears. The
English pretended also to claim, under a discovery
by Sir Francis Drake, a notorious pirate, who sail-
ed under his own black flag, and who had been
ennobled by England, in consequence solely of his
atrocious feats of piracy, but, without questioning
whether a discovery by a pirate would acquire a
right to the soil, Mr. C. said that, as Drake only
visited the coast for the purpose of plunder, his
landings were only made on parts settled by Spam,
and he did not go farther Nerth than the coast now
admitted to be within the boundary of New Cali-
fornia, which was south of latitude 42°, the
Southern boundary of our claim. But what-
ever right Spain might have had, had been ac-
quired by our Gavernment, by the treaty for the
cession of Florida, which was a mutual ces-
sion of territory, and not a mere adjustment of
claims The United States had ceded all right to
lands south of a certain boundary, and Spain ceded
to us all right to lands m Florida, and west of the
Mississippi, so that by the Spanish title, which
was antecedent to the English, we had a perfect
right to the territory.
The only other nation that had pretended to have
a title was France, which, by an extension of ter-
ritory, in consequence of the discovery and pos-
session of Louisiana, and m consequence of the
principle that the d scovery or possession of the
source of a nier carried a title to the mouth,
might have set up a claim, had conveyed and
ceded whatever right or claim might have existed
to the United States by the treaty of cession of
Louisiana.
But Great Britain was precluded also by our
treaty of 1763 with that nation, in which they
cedtd and relinquished all right to lands west of
the Mit'is^ppi, south of the parallel of 49°, and by
a treaty with Russi?, it was agreed that they would
make no settlement *outh of ihe 54th degree, and
we agreed to make none north of that parallel, so
that by the treaty with Russia, and by the construc-
tion of the principle that the discovery of the mouth
or river gave a right to all the territory to its source,
the title was complete to the §4th degree of lati-
tude 
