CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
But Great Britain did not now set up a title to
the territory as an original claim, but pretended
that it was disputed territory, to which no nation
had a title, and which was to be determined by such
European nations as had any pretension to it, and by
compromise or war. He considered the occupation
of that territory by Great Britain now, by military
posts, as in violation of nationallaw, and m viola-
tion of an express stipulation, by which they had
agreed not to occupy any portion of it; and he
compared it to their encroachments upon the terri-
tory of Maine, unjust and clandestine, as he would
«how hereafter. But before proceeding, he would
appeal to an individual present [Mr. Adams] who
was a living record of the dipomatic history of the
country, if had not truly and correctly stated the
facts and treaties, so far as they related to the
right of foreign nations to this territory; and if lie
was not right, he wished to be corrected on the
spot.
Mr. ADAMS said that he believed his colleague
was perfectly right m his facts, as far as he recol-
lected, but there might be difíei enees of opinion
upon the principles, and he was not prepare 1 to
concede that the discovery of a part of an island
carried the whole island. He referred to the grant
of all undiscovered lards made by Tope Alexander
to Spam and Portugal, and went at length into the
history of various European controversies respect-
ing titles to this continent, after which he spoke of
various discoveries, such as the mouth of the Mis-
sissippi, Lake Ontario, and the Texas lands, upon
which he spoke at length. He also referred to the
sigmngofthe Florida lreaty,and spoke of the question
of veracity raised between himself and President
Jackson, two years since, upon the subject of the
Mexican boundary, stating that he had placed m
the hands of President Van Buren, evidence that he
[Mr. Adams] was correct in his statements upon
that subject.
Mr.  CUSHING then resumed; but after pro-
ceeding a few minuter, gave way to
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland, on whose motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, May 17, 1838.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of a large
number of merchants of the city of New York,
praying that a drawback may be allowed ou
foreign coal imported for the use of steam ships.
Mr.  WRIGHT also presented the pentum of
General  Ezra ---------, praying relief ¡rom a suit
instituted against him by the United States, rcfei-
red to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which the subject had been rtfeirod by a
resolution of the Senate, reported a bill to establish
an additional land office in Lotusiani, which was
read, and oidered to a second reading
Also, a bill for the relief of the hens of James
Latham; which was read, and ordered to a second
leading
Mr CLAY of Alabama, fiom the Committee on
Public Lands, asked to be dischaiged from the
further consideration of the memorial of the Uni-
versity of Pennsylvania, asking a grant of land for
the benefit of that institution- granted
Also, from the petition of the trustees of ------
College,  Mississippi, asking a grant for the same
purpose granted.
Also, from the memorial of certain citizens of
Boone county, Illinois, praying a grant of land lor
the benefit ot Bellevue College- granted.
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the following reso-
lution submitted by him, on Tuesday last, was
taken up:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District oí
Columbia procure and report to the Senate state-
ments of the condition of the several banks m the
District of Columbia that have applied for an ex-
tension of their charters, m regard to the following
particulars.
1. The names of the officers and directors of the
banks, the amount of stock owned by each, and
the debts due from each to the banks respectively,
discriminating between the executive, legislative,
and judicial officers of the Government among
them, and also .between residents and non-resi-
dents.
2.  The stockholders of the banks respectively,
the amount of stock owned by each, and of debts
due from each, discriminating as above
3.  The debtors to the banks respectively, and
the amount due from each, discriminating as
above
4 The number of suits that the banks respec-
tively have instituted against their debtori since the
suspension of specie payments, and the amount
due from each, discriminating as above.
Mr. ROANE expressed a very earnest desire to
have some decision on the District bank bill.
To wait until the mfornntion sought for by the
resolution was obtained, would be, m his opinion,
to create unnecessary delay; and as much of the
information sought for by the mover was already
in possession of the public, and the other portion
useless for any practical purpose, he should feel
nimself constrained to move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr ALLEN said he presumed the motion of
the gentleman from Virginia precluded debate, he
would therefore have to c ntent himself with ask-
ing for the yeas and nays 6n the motion, intimat-
ing his intention, if the resolution was strangled in
its incipiency, (o take occasion to offer his views m
some stage of the discussion on the bill.
The question having been taken, was decided m
the negative—yeas 17, nays 18, as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Hubbard, Knight, Merrick,
Preston, Roane, Bobbins, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith
of Indiana, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, and Young
—17
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, King,
Lumpkin, McKean, Morris, Niles, Noivell, Ro-
binson, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Trotter,
and Wright—18.
Mr ALLEN then said it was not his intention
to enter into any discussion of the merits of the
question at that time, but merely to respond to an
observation of the honorale Chairman, who had
asserted that much ot the information sought lor by
the resolution, was already in possession of the
Senate If such were the fact, he was not awaie
of it. Mr A thought it was an anomaly in Ame-
ritan legislation to undertake to charter a whole
(orcst of banks while they were acting m
open violation of the public law of the land,
and to seek to do it without any investiga-
tion into their present condition or puor con-
duct. Congress Mas asked to set a mmal exam-
ple, by rewarding the violators of the law, foi such in
tact would be the consequence of a renewal of these
charters tor twenty years on the teims set forth in
the lull When Congress proposed to inquire into
the conduct*! these institutions on prior occasions,
wo were told that was a matter entirely immate-
rial, "that the people of this district demanded
their rechartei " If this were so, where were the
petitions to that effect? It had been stated that
these banks were indispensable to the business
concerns of this district, to the wants of
the people, and when a resolution was offered
inquiring into the facts, it was sought to be stran-
gled m its birth. Mr. A wished to see whether
these b inks were for the beneht of the District of
Columbia, or for the people of other States and
Territone He had been told the people here weie
the smallest participants. It was said there were
more poverty and \vant m these ten miles square
than in any part of this country. II so, how hap-
paned it to be wheie there are the greatest
number of these banks'! It had been said
that we propose an inquiry into the private
affairs of the banks1 These institutions were
emanations from public law, and the people
had aright to know all that related to them. When
they were asking for their charters they were pub-
lic institutions; but when once granted, they could
the very next day take shelter under the sanctity of
pnvate concerns. He denied the right of public
institutions to have any private transactions,
which might not be brought to light. Mr A. was
ignorant that the information he sought could affect
public men; but if it*did, he could not help that
r
He did not know a public man tli
first dollar to any bank in the coun
ject was to guard the whole communi
mg round these institutions proper
proper restraints-, and he, for one, wa
separating the Government m Mo fr
and banking connection; and he wa:
this by the most solemn considerations
be for the benefit of the country.
Mi. A. then went into the sub
length, to show that on another occa:
tion had passed the Senate makm¡
the conduct of a public man in co
banks, (a late Secretary of the Trei
had been passed without a dibsentin;
A. alluded to Mr. Taney, and th
manner m which that pure, but pers
man had vindicated his public and p
from all aspersion.
Mr A. read from the minutes of tl
Metropolis a resolution   which   ha
board, at which a judge of the Supri
a director, declaring all transaction
confidential on the part of the direct:
ot the bank.    Here, then, was a bar
public functionary in its direction, pa
to secrete their transactions fiom th
and was this to be tolerated, the pe1
in ignorance, and at last, in all pro
to suffer losses from the very acts of
Mr   A cited also the stoppage c
Washington on a certain occasion
had been presented for 90,000  doll:
prior panic, and commented, «ith r
on the business.   He concluded b
hope that there would be no object
sage of the resolution, and mamta.
sufficient justification to be found m
ment he had quoted, which had beei
Pies dot of the Bank of the Mctror.
Mr. SEVIER observed that for U
ten yeais, no subject in this counti
knowledge extended, had been so 1
m the way of aigument, by poht
every party man in the country, a
and their abuses    He thought the
bear him witness that lor that ler
public had been treated with har
else.    After aiMignmg, trjmg, an
ing like a felon the Bank of the
certain politicians -«ere now enteral
ag-unst  ihe State binks.    They h;
otner day that they must mnl^  the
this D'slrict models for the S'ite in-
laid Mi  S. \\t are to set oui^elves
for our masters.   We are too apt
continued, to be looking down with
what is done in the   States,   anc
what we deem the right course fo
States might be tame enough to
but   there   was   one   gallant   Lt
would spurn at any such dictati
not condescend to take advice from
matteis relating to her own ínteres
said Mr. S go on attacking the ban
in this way, and what will be  th
Just the disasters of the last two yea
for them to be considering what the
oi they might expect a repetition c
they had already teceived.     He w
these   institutions, instead of   peí
The resolution oí the Senator Iro
consideration, asked for the private
dividuals with these banks,  and
much talk about members of Con¡
money from them.     Did the Sen.
any body here was bribed? If so, 1<
the man, and try him upon  a s
and not by general accusation.
Did the gentleman from Ohio sc
any thing wrong in borrowing m<
own State did it, he himself saw
other day in New York, trying
and he was jostled b\ Uif m in "V
he went there on the same bus-mes
he, they went to boirow morey
aristocrats of Europe—from th
Rothschilds. The gentleman seer
no man would  -vote for a banl
