ÜONGRESBKWSFAL GLOBE.
383
Mr. S. also reported unfavorably on the petition
of Lucy Williamson, praying commutation on ac-
count of Eevolutionary services of her father: laid
on the table.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Revolu-
tion Claims, reported unfavorably on the petition
of the heirs of Gov. Rice of Virginia, for commu-
tation pay: laid on the table.
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, reported unfavorably
on the petition of William Smith, praying indem-
nity for slaves taken by the Indians in Georgia:
laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, made an adverse report on the resolution
of the House of April 16, proposing to confine the
instruction in the military academy at West Point
to the elements and practice of civil and military
engineering: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee reported
unfavorably on the petition of A. M. Caldwell,
praying compensation as ensign in the service of
the united States: laid on the table.
Mr. McKAY, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the resolution of the House
proposing to erect an arsenal in Lincoln county,
North Carolina: laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. McKAY also reported unfavorably on the
petition of the Missouri Light Artillery Company:
laid on the table.    .
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made an unfavorable report on the peti-
tion of James Leslie, praying a pension for services
rendered the United States : laid on the table.
Mr. TAYLOR, en leave, submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of repealing so much of the act entitled an act for
the relief of certain pensioners therein named,
passed the 2d of March, 1833, as grants a pension
to Jesse Cunningham.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill to establish a
pension agency at McMmville, in the State of Ten-
nessee; which was read twice, and ordered to a
third reading to-morrow.
PENSION AGENCY AT MONTPELIER, VERMONT.
Mr. M. also reported, without amendment, Se-
nate bill to establish a pension agency at Montpe-
lier, in the State of Vermont.
Mr. M. also moved that it be put on its passage.
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont moved that it be com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FLETCHER of Vermont, inquired if it
was necessary to commit tins bill?
The CHAIR replied that it was not, but the
House might commit it if it saw fit.
Mr. FLETCHER wished his colleague then to
State the reasons for his motion. The bill, it would
be seen,* provided that the agency should be esta-
blished on the first of June, but, if the gentleman's
motion should prevail, the bill could not be reach-
ed till long after that day. If his colleague was
opposed to the bill, let him say so at once, and not
seek to kill it in this indirect mode.
Mr. ALLEN said that he wished to examine
into the facts of the bill, and the extent of it, for he
thought there were other portions of the State that
could be selected far more advantageous than
Monlpelier, say Burlington or Windsor.
He had a further objection to the bill. There
was no need of passing a distinct measure for the
establishment of a pension agency at a particular
point, for there was a law in force conferring the
power upon the Secretary of War, or the Commis-
sioner of Pensions, whenever they deemed it expe-
dient, and they were the proper persons in whom
such a duty should be reposed.
Mr. FLETCHER would ask then why it was
that all these matters were not left to those ofticersi
It would be seen that the House had but this mo-
ment ordered a similar bill, applying to another
State, to a.third reading, and had passed soma two
or three during the present session. Mr. F. then
went to describe the inconveniencesnowfeltby the
pensioners in that part of Vermoat proposed to be  II
accommodated by this bill, many of whom had
actually to pass through Montpelier if they received
their pensions in person, or to employ agents for
that purpose at considerable expense. To be sure,
his colleague resided at Burlington, but then Mr.
F. did not reside at Montpelier, and he only advo-
cated the general interest of that whole section of
country which wanted this accommodation. Mr.
F. also put some questions to his colleague as to
whether certain portions of the State would not be
better accommodated by the agency at Montpelier
than at Burlington or Windsor, and added that he
objected to the commitment of the bill, because it
would have the effect of giving it its death blow.
Mr. ALLEN replied that the facts about which
his colleague had inquired were those which Mr.
A. wished to examine into for himself, and though it
might be done in the House, he thought the Com-
mittee of the Whole the more fitting place to go
into them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD wished to propound ano-
ther inquiry to the chairman of the Revolutionary
Pension Committee. A year ago, Mr. U. had
made an application both to the Secretary of War
and to the Commissioner of Pensions, for the. esta-
blishment of a pension agency in the southern
part of Kantucky, without expense, but he was
unsuccessful. Now, the pensioners in that section
of country had to travel from one to two and three
hundred miles to get their pensions, and he could
get no relief for them under the general law, if there
was one; notwithstanding which he saw there from
time to time these little bills passing to accommo-
date other States, like Vermont, which were not
one third the size of Kentucky. The question he
wished to propound to the chairman of the commit-
tee was, how these things weic to be managed so
that hi-i [Mr. U's] constituents might be benefitted
by the information?
Mr. MORCAN replied that lie was not awaie
that any instructions had been given to the commit-
tee, either by the gentleman himself, or by any other
member from Kentucky, to that effect; but if any
should come before the committee, he could assure
the gentleman that it would receive its early atten-
tion; and they would report upon it as speedily as
possible.
Mr. FLETCHER then called for the reading of
a document from the Commissioner of Pensions,
which turned out to be adverse to the establishment
of an agency at Montpelier.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio complained that
these bills contained no saftguards against an im-
proper use of the pubic money; a subject of itself
of so much importance, that it merited further in-
vestigation; and he wished an opportunity of dis-
cussing both bills.
The CHAIR remarked that the other bill was
passed.
Mr. ALLEN'S motion in reference to this bill
prevailed, and it was committed.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Public Buildings, reported a bill making appro-
priations for repairs and improvements on certain
buildings and grounds, and for other purposes.
Mr. SERGEANT inquired of the gentleman
when he proposed to call up the bill in relation to
the new Treasury budding. He was induced to
do so on account of the distressed condition of the
operatives on the building, who were understood
to have been discharged without any certain pros-
pect of their speedy re-engagement.
Mr. LINCOLN replied that, as soon as this bill
was committed, he should report a resolution to
take that subject up. Mr. L. took that opportuni-
ty to state that the bill referred to by the gentleman
was in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; but, since it was last under discussion, the
President of the United States had put the whole
subject in commission, under the superintendence
of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of War,
and the Secretary of the Treasury. The Commit-
tee on the Public Buildings had received a commu-
nication from these gentlemen requesting informa-
tion, to which the committee were obliged to re-
spond, that they had no other means of informa-
tion than was possessed by the Commissioners
themselves. Mr. L. stated that there was a great
number of laborers and artisans, who would be dis-
charged from employment in this city, many of
whom had large families dependent upon them for
support and daily bread, and consequently great
distress would result, unless this subject was early
acted upon. In view of this the committee had in-
structed him to report the resolution he should pre-
sently introduce.
The above bill was then read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. LINCOLN then repotted a resolution pro-
posing that the House go into committee at 12
o'clock to-day on the bill to provide for the re-
moval of the walls of the new Treasury Building,
and for the erection of a fire-proof building for the
Post Office Department.
The SPEAKER said he felt it his duty to notify
the House that he had had in his possession, for
several days, a memorial from persons who had
been employed on this building, but had had no
opportunity of presenting it.
Mr. SERGEANT hoped the House would con-
sent to its presentation at that time.
Mr. YELL objected, and demanded the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution ; which
were ordered, ami were, ayes 70, noes 1)9 ; so the
resolution was rejected.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to
regulate the postage on letters, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. HALL, on leave, presented an amendment
he gave notice he should move, when the bill came
up for consideration.
The morning business being disposed sf, the
Chair announced the private orders.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said with $600,000 worth
of protested drafK upon the Quartermaster's De-
partment, now under protest, he must ask the House
to go on with the public business.
Air. WHITTLESEY of Ohio hoped the gentle-
man would not insist upon any motion to that ef-
fect, as it was several weeks since the private ca-
lendar had been touched.
Mr. CAMBRELENG was compelled to do so
under the circumstances he had stated.
Mr. BOON, on leave, made a statement. He
said that, at the request of several gentlemen who
wished to vote on the resolution offered by him
some days since, he should not submit it again to-
day, but gave notice that he should do so lo-mor-
row morning.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then submitted his motion
to proceed with the public business; but it was
disagreed to.
Mr. C. then gave notice that he should, on Mon-
day, after the presentation of petitions, move the
House to take up the public business.
The private orders were then taken.
The Senate bill to authorize the Commissioner
of Patents to issue a patent to Angier March Per-
kins and John Howard Kyan was resumed, the
question being on its third reading,
The bill was discussed at great length by Messrs.
LEGARE, CUSHING, MERCER, MÉNEFEE,
HOWARD, TOLAND, TAYLOR, CRAIG,
SERGEANT, CAMBRELENG, TOUCEY,
WHITTLESEY, ROBERTSON, and FLETCH-
ER of Vermont.
After which, on mo.ion of Mr. TAYLOR of
New York, the bill was recommitted to the commit-
tee which reported it, with instructions to report
the reasons on which the report was founded.
The House then went into a Committee of the
Whole, Mr. Atherton in the chair, for the consi-
deration of private bills; when the following bills
were taken up and considered:
A bill for the relief of the administrator of Whar-
ton duarles, deceased.
A bill for the relief of John Barnes.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas Car-
ter.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Wil-
liam T. Smith.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Tho-
mas Sumpter.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Tho-
mas Jett.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of James Madi-
son.
