OOíffiripSSIONAI, GLOBE.         -________________§87
to do it, on time, because that money is payable m <
specie. The gentleman calls that an exchange of cre-
dit for credit. But it is no such thing. You cannot
say that a note on time is equivalent to a bank note
commanding the specie, they are entirely different
The gentleman says that the Government credit is
the best m the world, but u is not the best in the
•way that the Government uses it here. If he «ays
bank notes circulate on the credit of the Govern-
ment, that does not make Government notes of this
kind better than bank notes payable and paid in
specie. It may do very well to help out of an
emergency, but the crisis i  m his argume it, and
the emergency in his proposition Paper is not
equivalent to specie, unless it is payab'e in specie
I do not ask how it may be sold for exchange
on London, but whether it will pass cunent as
specie m as equivalent to specie Let us try that
Will Treasury notes command the specie, at par,
m any State of the Union'' We all know that they
will not It is a general remark that they are ten-
der specie par, th,s has been admitted, and all the
facts show it
But let us look faither at what is (he operation
of exchanges You may call it a tiansf  r of bank
notes. But the gemleman's suppos (ions are all
ideal, and never take place All guat payments
are made by transfers of credit, and this is the ac-
tual payment Look at the ojerations of this
Government In 1816, they passed a joint resolu-
tion authorizing the collectors to receive the paper
of specie-paying banks. And how did tiny do ill
The colleclois and the books of the Treasury had
no separate accounts, but all vi as p issed to the cre-
dit of the Government as specie. Look at the books
for twenty years, and can you hnd anv thing iherc
except what is put down as speeit? But the notes
were not kept at all, and the gentleman's notion
that we must have an annful of notes foi our cre-
ditors that come here, and not  th it will not at
once command the specie, is going on the up-hill
road, and I believe the country cannot be diagged
into it And the gentleman ask , will you sell these
notes for specie' That, he thinks, would bt ruin-
ous, and for bank notes he will never sell them lie
will have neithei specie nor bank notes What,
then, will he do? He comes back to his project at
this and the last session, of the exclusive use of pa-
per money by the Government He will borrow
neither specie nor bank notes, but will pay out and
receive Government paper as the exclusive me-
dium. The Go /eminent must have money of its
own; and, as he says, if theie is an emergency, and
the Government is'in want ol more means, what is
it to do? Make more issues of paper All this he
told us before, and that the Government is to sus-
tain it at par, for which the power of the Govern-
ment is sufficient. By this he cannot mean the par
of specie, but of something else, lor there is no truth
in the proposition as a general one, that Govern-
ment credit is belter than any other credit. It is
convertibility which makes bank notes equivalent
to specie, and it is altogether ideal that, by receiving
specie-paying bank notes, we disable ourselves
from paying what is equivalent to specie
Sir, I am asked w hethei I would go the length
of selling these Treasury notes lor money, and then
whether I would hive it in specie I at once say,
sell them, and then everj body will know th it there
will be a choice only between -pecie and something
that will command specie I say make your ac-
counts every where in specie or its equivalent The
gentleman supposes that we art to withdraw the
amount of #10,000,000 from the circulation li
we should grasp the silver and shut it up m the
Treasury vaults, that w ould be altoge her injurious,
and the gentleman, therefore, uses a \en good ar-
gument to-day against what he urged six: months
ago. He now says, if w e Withdraw so much specie,
it would cause embarrassment, but what did he
think of demanding it for revenue? He now says
that this Treasury note bill is a most necessary
step for alt the banks He then saw no inconve-
nience in demanding payment in specie, it would
not embarrass the country, and was the only just
mode of collecting the revenue Let our Secreta-
ry of the Treasury be a man of just and liberal
policy, addicted to no mere theories, and bound
Cown by no party dogmas, and he will make the j
disposition of these notes m the market in a few
days, disturbing nobody, and giving no occasion
for these agitations and alarms, it is the continu-
ing these Treasury notes, and rejecting the prac-
tice of twenty years for dreams and theories, that
creates all difficulties.
But the gentleman asks, is not the Government
to use its own credit? Certainly it should, and it
is right that, like individuals, it should gtt money
and pay its own debts. It should use it nov , but
is it a proper use 01 Government credit to force it,
instead of the money, on its creditors'! Is it jus-
tice to tell us creditors, though you prefer specie or
the note> of specie-paying banks, jou shall have
our credit only? Like individuals, the Govern-
ment should come up to the standard of the coun-
try, and, if it has not the means to pay its debts,
then, like individuals, it should raise it by Us ciedit
But it has no right to compel the creditor to receive
its piomise to pay, any more than individuals have
the right to force on their creditois a new promise
instead oí paying what they owe. The gentleman
calls that using credit, butnis using power, and not
a use of credit
And now to go back to his example of the three
farmer , A, B, C The gintleman supposes that
the Government authorizes the íeceipt ol the paper
of C, so that he may make puichases diratly of
Government, whieh A and B cannot do without en-
dowed notes at interest, and he says that this is
ju>t the case with the banks. I say it is not the
case, and that every idea of credit involves tune
and convertibility, and if it doesnoi, it is nothing
The notes ol the bank are money meflect, and to say
that their paper is on time, and that there is merely
an exchange of ciedit, is « hat no m in can say «lth
propriety Suppose one of your oilicers in the city
of New York sells a Treasury no e, and he gives
jou a check on one of the banks paving sptne, so
that jou can go across the siicet, and get it A jou
choose, is there anj "hange ot ciedit it you receive
the notes of the bank, when you can s>o at once
and get the specie? It is not an exchange ol ere
dit, it is an exclnnge oí ciedit foi money, if jou
gu e your note on time, for specie, or the equivalent
ol spei ic This, Ml. Astor, or any othsr individual
would do, il he wished to use his credit for what
would give him an immediate command of specie
The teims of tne gentleman, therefore, do not
stand 11. lelation to each othei, they are, therefoie,
not just in argument And there is no analogy be-
tween the casts to which he his applied them In
his case ot the thiee tanners, undoubtedly the Go-
vernment ought to make no disciirmnation, and
they nevei should m regaid to bank notes, except
on the giound that they die equivalent to specie,
that they are more convenient, and at the same
time equal in value to specie, and if Treasury
notes were, so equivalent to specie, then it might be
propel to place them on the same giound.
Mr. W. expiessed the hope that the Senate
would at an early day take into eonsitleration the
subject relating to the Treasurj eider. Whatever
else was done oi not done, that he thought ought to
be ícscmded. Some gentlemen thought it had
done good, but could do so no long^i, others thought
that it had never done any good, but a'l cmcuircd
in the opinion that it ought to exist no longer.
Mr CALHOUN said he would not ni tice the
criticism with which the Senator opened hi. re-
marks, as he considered 'hat as intended for
the gallery. He had long noticed that, whenhaid
piessed in argument, the Senator alwajs resorted
to sarcasm or ridicule, and there weie lew occa-
sions in which he more needed their aid than the
present He never accused the Sena'or of saying
that bank notes should be forced in the public
creditor by the Government, on the contraiy, he
rested his remarks on the ground assumed by him,
and which he entirely approved, that it could not,
,n good faith, discharge Us debts in smy medium
but gold and silver, which he regarded as a conclu-
sive argument why it should collect its dues in
the legal cuireney, and keep ¡ts own funds under
its o   n custodj, that it might always be m the con-
dition to preseive its credit. On the contrary, the
Senator was in favor of receiving the notes of spe-
cie-paying banks, on the ground that they were
equivalent to goid and sdver.   Here lies the delu-
sion of the Senator. To be equivalent is to be equal
in all respects; and yet, while the Senator confesses
that they are not equal in the discharge of the debts
due from the Government, he holds them to be
equal in the payment of debts to it. He wouldask
him why they should be equivalent m the one case
and not the other, and how the Government can.
possibly preserve its faith, if it cannot pay away
that w hich it may receive'
The truth is, that it is a pure fiction to consider
bank notes as equivalents to specie, and it illy
becomes him who falls into one so gross to talk of
the visionary theories of others.
But the Senator has gone a step farther. He
sajs that bank notes are not credit, and do not rest
on credit • Not credit' They must then be actual
specie, or at least identical with it in e<ery re-
spect , and to this conclusion he must come to re-
concile his course wj'h the sentiments he has ex-
pressed He would not waste his breath in dispel-
ling so w d andstrangt. adelusion, which allaround
us proclaim to be the merest phantom So far
from being speci", representing specie, or resting
on specie, or being necessarily converted into spe-
cie on demand they arc nothing but credit, credit,
(rcJit, throughout.
Since the days of the deposite Bank of Amster-
lain, bank notes never have represented specie.
The hist act if a bank, even when specie was
a' tuaUy paid m, which was rarely the case, was to
gcj c'ear of it, except a small portion, by lending
it out The real bank capital, on which they mainly
did business, was the notes discounted, which rested
on the credit ol the drawers and endorsers, and on
their ciedit and solvency depended the credit and
solvency of the banks It was, m fact, their cre-
dit, con\<rtedinto 1 ank notes, and backed by the Go
vertmiemciedit on which bank cuireney rested, and
jot it is this, \ hich rt -ts on credit, piled on eiedit,
mi1 composed in nil of its elements of e.elit,
much the Senator denies to be credit, and con-
siders as nothing less than the actual specie itself.
Tne Senator seems to think that it is impossible
o b<-ing and keep Treasury notes at par with gold
and silvei In reply, he would refer to the fact
already menfoned It appeared by the Intelli-
gencer, now on his table, ihat they are now at par
with specie at New York But he had a much
strongei tact The Prussian Government, wh.ch
h1 regardi d as tne best administered at present m
Europe, had a peimaiient issue of Treasury notes
of a large amount, which were not onlj at par with
specie, but lu'biiuallv bore a premium, which com-
pletely refutes the assertion oí the Senator He
made the statement on unquestionable authority—
the highly l-iellgent and respectable representa-
tive of that Government to ours There was no
mjstery about the malte-1 The Government, in all
civih/ed countries, is'the great money dealer.
Us fl-cal action pervades the whole community, and
afects, more or less, eveiy individual in it, and it
must, of course, create a general demand for what-
e\ er it leceives and disburses as money in the ma-
nagement of its fiscal concerns. To this our Go-
vernment adds the possission of a boundless and
feitile domain, which is m the course of rapid set-
tlement, and that necessarily creates an extensive
demand for whatevei is received m payment foi it.
It 4s these demands which will ever keep Treasury
notes at par value, ualess the due proportion be-
tw een demand and supply should be ranscended,
or bank notes, or some o her medium other than
gold and s.ivei, be permitted to supply their place.
It is the same relation between demand and sup-
ply, and not iheir co-nertibdity, which mainly sus-
tains the value of bank notes
The debts due to all banks fauly conducted are
greater than those due from them, and, of course,
their demand for their own paper, w hen the quan-
tity lisued is not excessive, must keep up its value
so long as their debtors are solvent, as between
them and the banks it is equal to specie There is
this difference between the two. that the demand
of the Government is fai more universal, and may
be rendered more steady, which gives it a decided
superiority oyer the credit of the banks Thus re-
garding the two, he did not doubt it was muc i
s*fer and wiser lor the Government to use its own
credit in the collection and distribution of its reve-
