392
CONGRESSIOKAL GLOBE.
RECISION OP THE SPECIE CIRCULAR.
Mr. BOON then made a similar motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution to re-
scind the Specie Circular, and, for the first time,
he said, asked for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered
Mr. B explained, m order that the House might
rote understanding^, that it was not his intention
to press the resolution of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Willums, to instruct the Committee
of Ways and Means to bring in a bill on the sub-
ject,] but to present his own (a joint one and di-
rect) as a substitute [Mr. Willums stated, some
day ; ago, that he would accept Mr Boon's, as a
modification of nis own, should the rules be sus-
pended ]
On the motion to suspend the rules the vote was
108 to 63, as follows
i EAS—Messrs Adams, Alexander, Heman Allen J W Al
len, Aycns;g, Bell, Bond, Boon, Borden Briggs, Bronson, Bu
chañan, William B Calhoun, John Calhoon, Johu Campbell,
William B Carter, Case}, Cheatham, Chiras, Clark, Cleve
land, Coffin, Corwin, Crary, Cranston, Crockett, Curtía, Cuilt
ing, Darlington Dunn, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Ewing I ill
m >re, Foster, Gallup, James Garland, Rice Gai land, Goode,
William Graham, Graniland, Graves, Griffin, Halev Hall,
Harlan Harper, Hawes, Henry Heiod R M T Hunter,
Jabez Jackson, William Cost Johnson, Ktlgore, Legare Im
coin, Marvin, James M Mason, Sampson Mason, Maui) May,
Maxwell, McKennan, Menefee Mllligan, Mitchell Monlgome
íy Morgan Calvary Morns Naylor jSoycs, Parmentcr, Pat
teison, Pieice, Pope Potts Rinden Randolph, Rencher,
Rid rway rtobeilson Rumsey Russell, ->erge ml Augustine II
Shepperd shields Sibley, Slarte Knyler Southgate Bcuart
Stone, Stiatton, lhompson, TiUinghasi, loland, Underwood,
A *> White J ihn W, lute El ha Whittlesey, Thomas T
Whittle ey, I «wis Williams, SUerrod Williams, Jos L Wil
hams Wi«e, Yell and \orke—108
'VAIS—Messis Andiews, Alhenon, Banks Btatty, Ben ne,
Bicknell Brodhead, Cambrelerig, Chapman ( lowney, C jits,
Connor Craig Cushman Dawson Davee Dromgoole Dun
can Elmore, Farrmgton, Fairfield, Isaac Tletcher Fiy Ham
mont, Hnvkms, Haynes Holt Htpkini Howard, William II
Hunter, Ingham Thjmas B Tackson tSathmiel Jones John
"V\ Jones Klmgeftsmiih, Leadhetter, Logan Loomis, Mirtm
McKay Abraham MoCltJIan, MuClure, Murray, Penn>backei
Petnkin, Phelps Potter Prentiss Riley, Riv^s bawyer Shef
■ ei, diaries Shepard Sheplor, Spencer, Tallaferio, Taylor,
Thomai, Toucey Turney, Wagenei, Webster, and Tared W
Williams—63
REPORT ON COMMERCE  AND I^AVIGaTION
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual report of the Secretary of the Treasury on
commerce and navigation
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio, moved to print
10,000 extra eop<es
Mr HARLAN hoped the gentleman would limit
the number to 5,000, which he thought amply
sufficient
M. WHITTLESEY replied that 10,000 was
the usual number heretofore printed, and added
that he knew of no document of more gentral inte-
rest or intrinsic value, as well to the West as the
East
Mr ADAMS said he supposed the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr Harían] was in the predica-
ment of a certain King of Bohemia, who complain-
ed that he had no teapoits in his dominions, and,
therefore, that he [Mr II] could not appreciate
the vast importance of this document, which, to the
people of the Atlantic States, was of very great ím-
t ortance Mr A hoped, therefore, that the mo-
tion for 10,000 would prevail
The motion did prevail, and 10,000 copies ac-
cordingly ordered to be printed
The "bill to establish a pension agency at
McMmville, m the State of Tennessee," was taken
up en its passage
Mr. UNDERWOOD begged leave to inquire
of some gentlemen fiom Tennessee, how many
agences they had there already, for, as Kentucky
had but one, and could not succeed m establishing
another, he must see the absolute necessity ot an
additional one for Tennessee, before he could vote
for it
Mr McKAY inquired further, if the chairman
of the Revolutionary Committee int-nded to call
up the bill to provide for compensating pension
agents, because, if so, Mr M'K should be un-
willingly to act upon this bill at present
Mr. MORGAN, in reply to the question by Mr
McKay, said it was his intention to call up the
bill at a suitabls time, and to insist on its passage
In the mean time, hawever, it could do no harm to
pass this bill, it would add nothing to the present
expense of paying the pensioners in Tennessee, as ;
'he bill expressly provides  that   the  ageney at
McMinnville should be established only m the
event that it could be done without expense to the
United States In reply to his friend from Ken-
tucky, he would say, that the fact of Kentucky
having but one pension agency, and Tennessee
having more, did not argue, that if he would send
the committee a resolution of instruction that
the committee wonld not act favorably upon it,
but the contiary Let the gentleman try it, and
he shall have a fair investigation.
Mr. SHIELDS responded to Mr. Underwood's
question, by stating the necessity of establishing an
agency at this point.
Mr. TURNEY advocated the bill. It had the
unanimous concurrence of the Tennessee delega-
tion, and added nothing to the expenses of the Go-
vernment. Moreover, if the compensation bill
should pass, it would not augment those expenses,
because that bill proposed a per centum on the
amount paid out at each agency
Mr MAXWELL should vote against it on the
ground that there was a general law, conferring the
power of appointing agencies on the proper depart-
ment, and, if it was n-eded, that duty could be
performed
The vote on the passage of the bill was 44 to 89
so it was, rejected
The bill for the relief of the administiator of
Wharton Q,uarles, deceased, was read a third time,
and passed
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Jordan, deceased, late a Captain in the
Continental line of artificers wastaken up on its pas-
sage,, and was opposed by Mr. Allen of Vermont,
who went with much minuteness and historical de-
tail into the question, and was sustained by Mr.
Underwood, the main point in issue being whether
an officer of the corps of artificers should be con-
sidered as an officer of the regular army. Mr
Craig also briefly sustained the bill
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr HALL then followed in opposition to the
bill, and the discussion was continued for a short
time by Mr Mencer and Mr Underwood.
Before coming to any decision—
Mr ALLEN moved an adjournment
Mr E WHITTLESEY demanded the teas and
nays, which were ordered, and were yeas 46, na)s
56,  o the motion was rejected.
Mr WHITTLESEY then moved a call of the
House, which was refused—ayes 40, noes 47
Mr POTTS moved an adjournment, which was
carried without a division
So the House adjourned
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, May 21, IS-38
Petitions and memorials being called for in the
order of States and Territories, were presented by
the following gentlemen
MAINE
Messrs EVANS, NOYES, DAVEE, and FAIR-
FIELD
[Mr Davee presented the petitions of Thomas
B Kenni-tu" and others, citizens of Levant, Maine
Oí Tairtis S Keith and others, citizens of Oxford,
Ma ne Of C larles Tenney and othn s, citizens of
Bangor, Maine, ti behalf of the Cherokee tribe of In-
dians, which were severally laid upon the table Mr
D presented also the petitions of Charles W Piper
and others, and of George Ciocket and others, for
the establishment of mill route, from Bangor to
Stetson, in the State of Maine ]
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Messrs WILLIAMS and FARRINGTON.
[Mr Williams presented this morning the peti-
tion of Newcomb Bio Iget, a revolutionary soldier
referred to Committee on Revolutionary Pensions ]
[Mi Farrington presented the petition of Jede-
duh Skinner, of New Hampshire, prajmg for a
pension referred to t! e Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions Also, the petition of France Hayes and
others, praying for a new mail route in New
Hampshire referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads ]
MASSACHUSETTS
Messrs GRENNELL, BRIGGS, LINCOLN,
REED, CALHOUN, FLETCHER, CUSHING,
-......                     '        ' ■                .....      '                   e—*
HASTINGS, BORDEN, PARMENTER, and
ADAMS.
RHODE ISLAND.
Messrs. TILUNGHAST and CRANSTON.
CONNECTICUT.
Messrs. INGHAM and TOUCEY.
VERMONT.
Messrs HALL, EVERETT, and SLADE.
NEW YORK.
Messrs. CAMBRELENG, GRANT, GAL-
LUP, RUSSELL, DE GRAFF, PECK, BRON-
SON, PARKER, McCLELLAN, BICKNELL,
VANDEVEER, NOBLE, PALMER, FILL-
MORE, JONES, PRATT, GRAY, CLARK,
PRENTISS, CURTIS, MARVIN, EDWARDS,
TAYLOR, MITCHELL, MOORE, HOFFMAN,
SIBLEY and PATTERSON.
[Mr. Cambrüleng presented the petition of------•
Cooke, of Birmingham, in England, praying for a
patent for some improvement of his in the manu-
facture of gas ]
[Mr. Grant presented the petition of 33 inhabit-
ants of the northern boundary of the United States,
praying Congress to construct a ship canal around
the Falls of Niagara Also, certain resolutions
passed by the Legislature of the State of New
York, requesting their Representatives to use their
best efforts to procure the adoption of such consti-
tutional remedies as will effectually suppress the
practice of duelling.]
[Mr. McClellan presented the petition of inhabit-
ants of the city of Hudson, New York, praying for
the location of the national foundry" for cannon at
that place referred to the select eomrmttee on that
subject. Also, the petition of 340 citizens of Hud-
son, New York, in favor of the Independent Trea-
sury bill, and opposed to a National Bank: refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union having in charge the Independent Trea-
sury bill ]
[Mr. N Jones presented the petition of Rev.
James M Sheiwood and 62 others, citizens oí New
Windsor, New York, praying Congress to interfere
in every constitutional way to prevent the treaty
made with the Cheiokee Indians, at New Echota,
from being carried into effect.]
[Mr Bicknell presented a memorial from J.
M Mowry and 60 others, electors of the town of
Eaton, Madison county, New York, on the subject
of the late duel laid on the table to be taken up
with the report of the select committee on that sub-
ject Resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
New York on the subject of dualling- laid on the
table and ordered to be printed Memorial of 71
males and 11 females of the town of De Ruyter,
Madison county, New York, praying Congress to
interfere its authority relative to the treaty made
with the Cherokee Indians, moved to refer it to the
Committee on Indian Affairs  laid on the table ]
[Mr Gallup presented the petition of Peter J
Borst, John C. Wright, and 52 others, residents of
the counties of Albany and Schoharie, New York,
praying that mail route No 548 (Albany to Bern,
New York) be extended, via West Bern and Wal-
densville, to Gallupville, New York. Also, the
petition of John Preston, of Westerloo, Albany
county, New York, praying for an increase of his
pension for Revolutionary services ]
[Mr PRATr presented the joint resolutions of the
Senate and Assembly of the State of New York on
the subject of the late duel, and moved that the
same be printed Abo, the petition of Lewis B
Skinner, and 100 other inhabitants of Richmond-
ville, county of Schoharie, and State of New York,
praying the expulsion of all concerned in the late
duel, and that they may not be allowed to hold any
office of honor or profit m the United States, and
moved the same be printed ]
[Mr TAYr or presented the petition of Asa Chees-
bro for a pension for services .in the war of the
Rev lution ]
[Mr Sibley presen ed a petition of the aniens
of the count) of Ontario, m favor of removing the
obstructions to the navigation of the Alleghany
river Also, petition of 76 citizens of the town o
Farmmgton, m the State of New York, praym
for the expulsion of all the members ol the Boin
who were concerned in the late duel between Mr
Graves and Mr Cilley]
