40$_________________              OOKGRESSIQHAL GLOBE.
there can be no doubt of their granting every .in-
dulgence which the interests of humanity requ're¡
and if two years are necessary for the comfortable
removal of the nation, the undersigned will ven!ure
to assure the delegation that their request will be
granted.
If it be desired by the Cherokee nation that their
own agems should have the charge of their emi-
gration, their wishes will be complied with, and
instructions be given to the commanding general
in the Cherokee country to enter into arrangements
with them to that effect. With regard to the ex-
pease of this operation, which you ask may be de-
frayed by the United States, in the opinion of the
undersigned, the request ought to be granted, and
an application for such further sum as may be re-
quired for this purpose shall be made to Congress.
In the next article of your project, you propose
that " the United States, on their part, stipulate
and agree, in consideration of the premises, to
perfect the tille of the Cherokee nation to the lands
and territory westward of the Mississippi, de-
scribed, mentioned, and denned in and by the
treaty of 1833, between the United States and the
Cherokees west of the Mississippi, and the privi-
lege of outlet thereto annexed, and to issue a pa-
tent therefor to the Cherokee nation in perpetuity;
and further to pay the said chiefs and representa-
tives of the Cherokee nation east of the Mississippi,
the sum of------dollars, in manner and at the tune
hereinafter provided."
It was always the declared intention of the Go-
vernment to perfect the title to thts land to the
Cherokee nation, and to issue a patent therefor, so
soon as that portion of them now east of the Mis-
sissippi had emigrated west, granting the nation the
privilege of outlet thereto annexed, and all other
privileges secured to them by former arrangements.
Nor will it object to grant them, in perpetuity, if
Congress should think proper to do so on their re-
commendation, under certain restrictions, to which
the delegation have assented. As the delegation
expressed their fears that a form of Government
might be imposed which they were neither pre-
pared for nor desirous of, the assurance is hereby
repeated, that no form of Government will be im-
posed upon the Cherokees without the consent of
the whole nation, given in council; nor shall their
country be created into a Territory, without such
previous concurrence.
With regard to the payment of a further sum of
money by the United State?, the undersigned can-
not consent to recommend such a measure to Con-
gress. The Senate of the United States deliberate-
ly decided that five millions of dollars was a full
and sufficient indemnity to the Cherokees for the
lands they relinquished on the east side of the
Mississippi; and it is understood that the members
of that body see no reason at present to alter that
decision.
In the third act of your project you ask that "the
said Cherokee nation, party hereto, through and by
their acknowledged chiefs and officers, shall have
the entire control, management, and disposition, re-
sponsible only to their own nation, of the funds to
be paid under this treaty."
The undersigned would very much prefer ma-
king this disposition of the funds of the nation, but
as the interests of those Cherokees who have lately
emigrated, are deeply involved in this proposition,
the Executive cannot recommend such an alterna-
tive without the previous consent of all the parties
concerned.   ■
The next article asks, "that in addition to the
said sum mentioned in the foregoing second article,
the United States shall forthwith pay, or arrange to
be paid, to the Cherokee nation, party hereto, the
arreaiages of the annuities which were provided
for m the treaty of 1819, up to this date, and shall
continue such annuities during the two years al-
lowed for said removal."
The undersigned assures the delegation, that
whatever arrearages or annuities are due to the
Cherokte nation, under the treaty of 1819, shall be
promptly paid up to this date, and a continuance
of that annuity for two years longer shall be asked
of Congress.
9?he 5th artiele requires "that inasmuch as the
Cherske^s contemplate removing as provided for
in said first article, as rapidly as their numbers and
engagements will permit, the United States stipu-
late and engage to pay to them, as such removal,
and the necessary preparations therefor progress,
out of the money mentioned in said second article,
such sums as may from time to time be necessary
to defray the expenses incident thereto."
All payments and necessary advances for the
purposes herein set forth will be liberally provided
for in the contract which the commanding general
will be authorized t® make with the Cherokee agents
for the emigration of that portion of the nation east
of the Mississippi.
The 6th article asks "that during the period
prescribed and allowed by this treaty for said re-
moval, the United States btipulate and contract to
protect the persons and property of said Chero-
kees from all acts of encroachment and violence,
and to furnish them when required, with the neces-
sary escort and protection, during such removal,
until their arrival at their destination beyond the
Mississippi."
The necessary escort and protection, during the
removal of the Cherokees, until their arrival at
their destination beyond the Mississippi, will be
furnished, and the United Stales will protect the
persons and property of the said Cherokees from
all illegal acts of encroachment and violence, and
will use their best efforts with the States inte-
rested to prevent their pressing the execution of
their rights in a manner calculated to oppress or
inconvenience any individual of the nation.
In the eighth article the request is made, "That
in addition to the moneys herein before stipulated
to be paid by the United States, they further agree
to pay to the said Cherokee nation, party hereto,
the gross sum of------ dollars, in full discharge
of all claims upon the United States, under the sti-
pulations of former treaties, for public and private
property, spoliations, indemnities, and other recla-
mations, whether national or individual, and for
reimbursement of expenses incurred in and about
this arrangement.
Six hundred thousand dollars was. set apart for
this purpose by a vote of Congress, and to defray
the expenses of the removal of the nation to their
new homes. But as this sum proves to be inade-
quate for both objects, the Executive will recom-
mend to Congress to make a further appropriation,
in order to satisfy Ihem.
The undersigned tru>-K that the Cherokee delegfi-
tion will see in these liberal concessions the earnest
desire of the President to reconcile the nation to
the necessity of removing without any other delay
than a due regard for their csmfort and conve-
nience demands and in this conviction, confi-
dently relies upon the cordial co-operation of
the chiefs and headmen to effect this desirable
object.
On the part of the Government, copies of this
document, with suitable aphcations to the States
interested, will be immediately transmitted to the
several Governors thereof; instructions will be sent
to the commanding general to act in conformity
with its assurances, and a communication be made
to Congress, asking the consent of that body to ¡he
provisions proposed for the benefit of the Cherokee
nation.
The undersigned, in closing this communication,
which has been considered with great deliberation,
and drawn with the utmost regard for (he wishes of
the delegation, desires it to be distinctly understood
that it contains the most liberal terms the Executive
can grant, with a due regard to the rights and inte-
rests of all the parties concerned; and therefore pre-
sents it as the final determination of the Govern-
ment, and the peremptory conclusion of the corre-
spondence with the Cherokee deputation on this
subject.                                 J. R. POINSETT.
Department op War,
May 18, 1838.
The message and accompanying document having
been read—
Mr. KING observed that he had glanced h¡3 eye
over ihe document transmitted by the Executive in
his message of this morning, and he could not but
regret that such a paper had been laid before the
Senate. In the absence of all information on his
part as to the leading motive of the Secretary of
War in making that communication, he was at a
loss to know, what disposition to make of
it. It appeared to him that it was á most
unfortunate and ill-judged .measure; and that
consequences of the most injurious .character
might grow out of-it. It was not the time now to
say any thing as to the character of that paper; but
he would observe that there was no evidence that
the Cherokee delegation here was disposed to ac-
cept the terms proposed by the Secretary. It ap-
peared to him that the delegations of the States more
immediately interested in the matter ought to have
been consulted; and considering how deeply the in-
terests of those States were involved, that no move-
ment ought to have been made without their sanc-
tion. As he had not had time to give to the paper
that examination which its importance required,
he would move to .lay it on the table until he could
give it such an examination as would enable him to
determine what course to take with regard to it.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, had listened to the
document just read with the most profound regret,
mingled with surprise. He regretted extremely
that it had been thought proper by the Secretary of
War (with the approbation of the President, no
doubt) to take a step like this without a previous
consultation with the delegation of either of the
Slates that were so deeply interested in this impor-
tant subject. As respected the delegations from
Georgia, Tennessee, and North Carolina, he had
no knowledge, and therefore could not say whether
they had been consulted in the matter; but he would
say, that neither his colleague nor himself had had
the slightest intimation of what was going forward,
and that the first information he had received of it
was derived from the paper just read. So far fiom
his being consulted, and prepared for a,ny thing of
the kind, the very first thing he did on his arrival
in this city, at the commencement of the extra ses-
sion, was to wait on the Secretary of War, and
protest against any interference with the execution
of the treaty, and to warn him that it would cer-
tainly produce another Indian war, and revive the
scenes that had been enacted in Florida.
Sir, said Mr. C. the scenes in Florida ought to
have admonished the Secretary of the danger of
tampering with a subject of such fearful import-
ance, and that firmness and energy, with a rigid
adherence to the terms of the treaty, was the only
course to prevent war and bloodshed. This tem-
porizing policy was not the way to preserve the re-
spect of the Indians, or to quiet the minds of «ür
own citizens. The plan of the Secretary supposed
that the Executives of Alabama, Tennessee, and
Georgia mi°ht be consulted, and instructions sent
to Gen. Scott in time to arrest the execution of the
treaty. And under what circumstances'! As he
had been informed, there had been several recent
murders perpetrated on our citizens by these mis-
guided Indians, excited, no doubt, by the delusions
held out to them by their leading men here at the
seat of Government. He had just learned that the
late surveyor general of the State of Georgia had
been murdered by Cherokee Indians, and that his
ferryman had shared the same fate. Such were
the scenes occurring at the very time that the Se-
cretary proposes to interfere with the treaty, and
bearing an ominous resemblance to those which
ushered in the Florida war. He had hoped
that oiher councils would have governed the
Administration, and that this treaty, so neces-
sary to the peace of our citizens, as well
as to the preseivafion of the Indians them-
selves, and which had been solemnly ratified by
both Houses of Congress, would have been fairly
executed, and an end put to this distracting subject.
Pie would take the occasion to say, in justice to
himself and the people of his State, that the Secre-
tary of War was warned over and over again be-
fore ihe commencement of the Creek war, of the
danger of the course he was pursuing, and he was
urgently solicited to provide for the protection of
the people against Indian violence. Notwithstand-
ing the danger that threatened, he would not even
undertake to pay for a detachment of militia raised
for that purpose. What was the consequence?
Why the Creek war of 1836, which was soon fol-
lowed by that of 1837. Without profiting by for-
mer errors, which had been followed by such <ü*>
