'405
■y, —r                .       .        -.
Mr HAYNES said, if the gentleman wished to
go into questions of general policy, he would with.
draw his question of order
Mr. MARVIN then went on to state that the
annuity of six ttiousanci dollars had not been paid,
and that the In 'ians had leen compelled lo subsist
upon charity. He had called up in the department, m
relation to the subject, and had been answered that
the money was teat in June last, but had not heen
paid, in consequence ol the pendency of negotia-
tions for a new treaty; and he referred, with oojec-
tions, to the attempt to pay the annuities with
goods, purchased in New York, which were not
wanted, instead of paying m specie, accordirg to
the treaty. He said that it had been alleged, that
the withholding the annuity would be used among
the Indians as an argument that it was intended
lo force them into a treaty, and he believed that
many of the difficulties with the Indian nations
arose from the fact, that interested men, without
humanity and good principles, had been em-
ployed in the making of treaties. He spoke
of Mr. Schermerhorn, as one who had gained the
confidence of General Jackson, but had conducted
falsely towards the Indian*, to this country, and to
his God; and he would render his thanks to Presi-
dent Van Buren for the good sense by which he
had refused to employ Mr Schermerhorn m mak-
ing a treaty with the Sénecas, and he went into
the details of the attempts of Schermerhorn to ge-
the confidence of the New York Indians He ret
peated, that if there was any thing fraudulent in
the treaty, the people of Western New York would
be m favor of setting it aside , but if it was in ac-
cordance with the views ef the people of the na-
tion, and if they were willing to sell their lands
and go West, upon terms that were equitable and
just, they would cheerfully assent to the treaty,
Mr. CUSHING briefly stated the history oí the
stipulations heretofore made by the State ef Massa-
chusetts with the State of New York in the cession
of the lands occupied by the Seneca Indians to
New York, and said that Masiachusetts had stipu-
lated that, in the occupancy of the terr tory, the
Indians should be treated with justice, and that
Massachusetts had no pecuniary interest m the
treaty recently made, and was represented only to
secure just and equitable terms for the Indians,
according to previous stipulations with New York.
Mr. WISE offered an amendment, which he
said he should move in the House, as follows.
Provided, That no part of the appropriation
herein made shall be applied to removal of the
Cherokee Indians west of the Mississippi, or to
preparations for hostilities with them, until the Se-
cretary of War shall have prosecuted to a conclu-
sion of success, or failure, the negotiations to mo-
dify the late treaty with that tribe, according to the
recommendations contained m the President's mes-
sage sent to Congress on the S2d instant.
Mr. W then went onto comment with severity
upon the treaty made by Mr. Schermerhorn with
the Cherokees, and contended that the treaty was
made with a small portion of the Cherokees not
properly authorized, and read from documents to
support his views, contending that the treaty of
New Echota was made with less than seventy of
the nation consisting of over eighteen thousand
souls, and that the people did not feel bound to at-
tend the council, because it was summoned by Mr
Schermerhorn, who was not a chiet of the nation,
and that nineteen twentieths of the nation would
oppose the treaty which was obtained, as the docu-
ments would show, by false representations and
pretences. The fact that the treaty was made by
less than a hundred, was admitted
Mr. DAWSON and Mr. HAYNES both pro-
tested that they made no admissions, to be used for
effect out of the House, either against Georgia or
the Government.
Mr. WISE still urged that the pretended treaty
was no treaty, and if the gentlemen from Georgia
did not know any thing about it, they ought to
know, and might, if they would look at the docu-
ments,
Mr. LEGARE asked if the treaty did not offer
the Indians better lands, and, however it might
have been made, if it did not mfact better the con-
dition of the Indian .
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr WISE said he had permlt'ed the question to
be asked, though it did not touch the point under
examination, -which was, whether a treaty existed
at all, but he would state that, if the land was good,
the water was not, and they found it unwholesome,
and were not so well off as they had been. He, how-
ever, recurred to the evidence in the case, and ap-
proved of the message of the President, which
would cost the Government a hundred thousand
dollars, though it ought not to cost them one
dollar. He then went on and read from va-
rious papers to show the opinions of officers
of the Umled States, that it would be unjust to
enforce a treaty, made by a few unauihonzed
individuals, and opposed by the larger por-
tion of the Cherokee nation. He read from a re-
part of General Wool, a statement that the great
portion of the nation refused to accept rations from
the United States, for fear they might compromit
themselves in relation to the treaty, and that they
preferred to live upon the sap of trees and upon
roots, rather than accept rations. The report of
Mr Mason, who had been sent lo the nation, for
the purpose of ascertaining facts, was also read in
part, to srpport the ground that the voice of the
nation was unanimously against the treaty, and
that it would never be assented to as an authorized
treaty, nor submitted to as such, until they
saw ihe bayonets of the United States levelled
at their breasts. It was extraordinary he re-
marked, that the authority of John Ross, ac-
cording to the report of'tlr Mason, should be un-
questioned by the nation, and mat he should pursue
the same direct course, notwithstanding many at-
tempts to bribe him to acknowledge the treaty; and
notwithstanding the abuse heaped upon John Ross,
it was uniformly asserted by the agents of the Go-
vernment that John Ross could not change his
course, or change the feelings of the nation if he
would, but that he stood unquestionably between
the white men and bloodshed.
Several gendemen interposed, and
Mr. TOWNS made an explanation in justifica-
tion of the course of the State of Georgia, and ad-
mitting that a band of robbers had existed, not
more disgraceful to the red than the white men,
and upon this point he requested the reading of cer-
tain documents by the clerk, which were read
These documents consisted of the applications of
Ross and his brother, Gunton, and others, to be-
come reservees and permanent residents under the
treaty of 1819
Mr WISE proceeded for a short time longer,
when he yielded the floor to
Mr. McKENNAN, on whose motion, the com-
mittee rose and reported.
The SPEAKER having resumed the Chair, laid
before the House the following message fioro. the
President of the United Stales.
[The message is given m the Senate proceedings
in another column ]
The message having been read, on motion of
Mr. HOWARD, Mr. OWENS moved that it,
with the accompanying documents, be postponed
till Friday
Mr CAMBRELENG had no objection to the
postponement, but he could not consent, when that
day came, to set aside the public business foi it
Mr EVANS should interpose no obstruction to
the public business, but, on Friday, merely make a
motion m reference to it.
Mr. CAMBRELENG was glad the gentleman
did not intend to discuss this subject at length in a
preliminary stage, and Mr C should make no ob-
jection to the motion
Mr. CUSHING protested against the principle
of regarding the appropriation bills as the only
matters of public business worth attention, as wpII
as against any one gentleman consenting to let
other business be taken up only at his own conve-
nience.
Mr CAMBRELENG disclaimed the idea al-
luded to by Mr. Cdshing, but he did not think the
business promoted by a protraeled discussion on
the preliminary stage, when no facts or documents
were before the House fonts guidance.
The subject was then postponed without further
remark
On motion of Mr, WISE, the amendment offered
by him, in committee, to the bill under considera-
tion,   was  ordered  to be printed; and then, on
motion,
The House adjourned.
IN  SENATE,
Wednesday, May 33, 1838.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Abraham Van Burén,
his private secretary, as follows:
To the Senate of the United Slates-
I herewith transmit to the Senate the copy of a
letter addressed to me on the 28th ultimo, by the
Governor of Maine, enclosing several resolves of
the Legislature of that State, and claiming reim-
bursement for the General Government of certain
moneys paid to Eb-mezer S. Greely, John Baker,
and others, in compensation for losses and suffer-
ings experienced by them respectively, under cir-
cumstances more fully explained in, his Excel-
lency's letter.
In the absence of any authority on the part of
the Executive to satisfy these claims, they are now
submitted to Congress for consideration; and I
deem it proper, at the same time, with reference to
ths observations contained in Governor Kent's
note, above mentioned, to communicate to the
Senate copies of other papers connected with the
subject of the northeastern boundary of the United
States, which, with the documents already made
public, will show the acual state of the negotiations
with Great Britain on the general question.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, May 19, 1838.
[The following important papers are among
those accompanying the message-]
Department of State,
Washington, April 27,1838.
The undersigned, Secretary of State of the Uni-
ted Slates, has the honor, by the direction of the
President, to communicate to Mr. Fox, her Britan-
nic Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary, the result of the application of the
General Government to the Stale of Maine, on the
subject of the Northeastern Boundary Line, and the
resolution which the President has formed upon a
careful consideration thereof By the accompany-
ing papers, received from the Executive of
Mame, Mr. Fox will perceive that Maine declines
to give a consent to the negotiation for a conven-
tional boundary, is disinclined to the reference of
the points in dispute to a new aibitration; but yet
is firmly persuaded that the line described m the
treaty of 1783 can be found and traced whenever
the Governments of the United States and Great
Britain shall proceed to make the requisite investi-
gations, with a predisposition to effect that very de-
sirable object Confidently relying, as the Presi-
dent does, upon Ihe assurances frequently repeated
by the British Government of the earnest desire to
reach that result, if it is practicable, he has in-
structed the undersigned to announce to Mr Fox
the willingness of this Government to enter into an
arrangement with Great Britain for the establish-
ment of a joint commission of survey and explora-
tion upon the basis of the original American pro-
position, and the modifications offered by her Ma-
jesty's Government.
The Secretary of State is, therefoie, authorized
to invite Mr. Fox to a conference upon Ihe subject
at as early a day as his convenience will permit;
and the undersigned will be immediately furnished
with a requisite full power, by the President, to
conclude a convention embracing that object, if'her
Majesty's Minister is duly empowered to proceed
lo the negotiation of it on the part of Gieat Britain.
The undersigned avails himself of this occasion
to renew to Mr. Fox the expression of his distin-
guished consideration.
JOHN FORSYTH.
Henry S. Fox, esq &c. &c. &c.
Washington, May I, 1838.
Sir. I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your official note of the 27th ultimo, in which
you enclose to me a communication received by the
Federal Government from the Executive of Mame,
