«pon the subject of the Northeastern Boundary
line; and m which you. inform me that the Presi-
dent is willing to entei into an arrangement with
her MajestyS Government for the establishment of
a joint commission of survey and exploration, upon
the basis of the original American proposition, and
of the modifications offered by her Majesty's Go-
vernment, as communicated to you in my note of
the 10th oí January last, and you invite me to a
conference, for the purpose of negotiating a con-
vention that shall embrace the above object if I am
duly empowered by my Government to proceed to
such negotiation.
I have the honor to state to you, m replv, that
my actual instructions were fulfilled by the "delive-
ry of the communication which I addressed to you
on the 10th of January; and ihat I am not, at pre-
sent, provided with full powers for negotiating the
proposed convention. I will forthwith, however,
transmit to her Majesty's Government the note
which I have had the honor to receive from you, in
order that such fresh instruction'; may be furnished
to me, or such other steps taken, as the present
situation of the question may appear to her Ma-
jesty's Government to lequire. I avail mysell of
this occasion to renew to you the assurances of my
high respect and consideiation
H S. FOX.
The Hon. John Forsyth, Ac.
The letun and accompanying document's having
been read, were, on motion of Mr WEBSTER,
ordered to be printed
Mr ROANE piesented the petition of John Fel-
lay, praying tobo allowed the bounty land due him
for his service i timing the Revolution iry wai re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims
Mr. YOUNG presented two petitions from sun-
dry citizens of Illinois against the Cherokte treaty,
which were laid on the table, one of them having,
at the request of Mr. Y. been itad.
Mr. CLAY, ot Kentucky, rose, and said ho sup-
posed that ord.is had been issued horn the Post Of-
fice and Treasury Depattments to uoeive lor Go-
vernment dues the notes ot specie-paying banks, or
at least that they were actually received, and he
wanted to asceitam precisely the tacts oí the case,
whatever they might be. With this view, he ofler-
ed the following resolution
Resoiuerf, That the Secietaiy of the Treasuiy and
the Postmastei General severally inform the Se-
nate whether any orders have been given from
their Departments to receive the notes oí banks lor
revenue, and, if any, what weic thos • orders, and
if any instructions have been given, that they com-
municate to the Senate what were those instruc-
tions.
Mr. WRTGIIT said ho would coriect the Sena-
tor hi regard to o ie fact lie had understood him
to say that orders hid been given lor the itceipt ot
these notes, but it h id not been so stated. The
information given here was, ll at the notts were ie-
cetved. But Mi W had inquired lately at the
Departments on the subject, and no orders to re-
ceive them had then been issued
Mi. CLAY said it was not his intention to say
any thing moie than to intimate the fact that they
were received lie meant to say nothing of the
forms or technic iht'cs of the subject, but he took
it for granted, if th'-se notes were leteived, it w 
done in aecoidance with some authority. But,
whatever were the facts, he wished to know them,
and by what autboiity.
The íesolu 10 i was agreed to without dissent
On motion ot Ml HUBBARD, the bill ioi the
relief of John J Sulow was taken up, and, aftei
a shoit discussion, postponed to, and made the
order of the dav for, to-monow
The bill giving the a°senl of Congie«s to the act
of the Geneiat Assembly of the State of Virginia to
amend the act to incorporate the Falmouth and
Alexandria Railioad Company, and for othei pur-
poses, was read the thud tim¡, and, after sonis re-
marks from Messrs. HUBBARD, ROANE, and
MORRIS, passed.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON,
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of the
bill from the House, making appropriations for the
continuation of the Cumber'and road through the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and for other
purposes.
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TIPTON said the Senate would recollect
that the sum appropriated by the House bill now
before the Senate, was much less than that pro-
posed by the bill reported by the Senate Committee
on Roads and Canals early m the session. The
road w as being constructed by skilful and expe-
rienced engineers, who knew better than any others
could what sum could be usefully applied to the
construction of the road under their charge within
the year In framing the bill reported to the Se-
nate, he had adopted the sum required by the engi-
neers. The bill of the Senate was discussed some
weeks ago, and was laid on the tah'e, and a call
made on the Engmeei Department for an estimate
of the sum required to comply with exiting con-
tracts, and to preserve the road from dilapidation.
The reduced estimate had been leceived, and m
the aggregate it differed but little from the sum in
the House bill, and the Committee on Roads and
Canals, therefore, seeing the embarrassment sf the
Treasuiy, and the delay that would be produced in
the passage of the bill through the House, if
amended, had instructed him to report the bill
without amendment, and to recommend its pas-
sage. Mr. T said he would not detain the ¡Senate
by a speech in favoi of the bill All under tood
itsprovision^, and he was prepaied with estim.itts
on each item, and would be ready lo ans\,ei any
question members might ask in relation to it. It
was volts, not speeches, he wanted on this ques-
tion
Mr BENTON, after a few observations in fa-
vor of the bill, moved to amend it by a proviso
that the appropnations made should be subject to
all the conditions, restrictions, and limitations, as
aic contlined in the act for the continuation of the
Cnmbeiland load of ihe 3d of Ma'ch, 1837
Mr NORVÍ LL observed that it was appaient
to every mrmbt r ot the Senate acquainted with
the subject, tint this amendment \ as vciy ailfnlly
dt.vwn, and that it contemplated the re mbmse-
ment ot the ixpendituies out of the two per cent,
lund, which was one of the conditions and restric-
tions m Ihe act of March, 1837, which weic to be
continued by this act He thought that fn,s was a
body which ourht not annually to announce to the
woild that which was a fraud, and wholly untrue,
lor it was notorious that this two per cent fund
had long ago hiui exhausted, and that thcic was
not the remotest possibility of any reimbursement
out of it He would add nothing more than to
ask for the i < as and najs on this bill
Mr. BENTON obscured that the addition of the
clause foi leunbuiscment was of high authority,
though it had not <ilwavs been inserted in the bill
Ifehad vot< dioi this bill both with it, and without it
He had no d iliculty on the subject at all Bills
foi this load had teen signed by Joflei on, Madi-
son, and Monroe, before any such clause was put
in it Still he was for retaining the clause The
gentleman from Michigan thought theie was no
chance loi leimhursement, but that was a question
for tunc to dec dc
Mr. NORVELL, m order to bring the mattei to
a direct test, moved to amend the amendment, so
as to exclude the clause for letmbursement.
Mi MORRIS doubted the pow el to make an
unconditional appiopnation lie should have
liked very much to have heard the arguments of
any Suiatoi assciling that powei. Much as he
felt mteieste I m the Cumberland road, he would
siuifice it rathei than not preserve the Constitu-
tion in its punty, and the people he reptesent d
would also sacrifice every thing to the nreservation
of the spirit of the Constitution. The Constitution
appeared a dead letter, a nose of wax moulded at
pleasure to suit particular interests He found it
suited all appiopnations made on the seaboaid,
but would never reconcile nself to the western bor-
dei Did ¡he Alleghany divide the Constitution'
Was it to be made apnbcable on this side and
inapplicable on that? He could not understand,
if me Senatoi pews ed he would defeat the bill
Mi. SMITH ot Indiana expressed his regrets
that the Senator from Missouri had offered this
amendment. He knew the warm feelings of the
Senator m favor of this road, but he hoped he
would be excused by him for voting against this
and every other aHisndmentj as jt was doubtful
407
whether the bill would pass at all during this scs
sion, if it had to undergo another ordeal ill the olhet
House, where it had been passed by a very close
vote.
Mr. BENTON, in corroboration of his state-
ment that acts for the Cumberland road had fre-
quently passed without the clause for leimburse-
ment, read the titles of five or six acts passed dur-
ing the Administrations of Mr. Madison and Mr.
Monroe, which did not contain it. He had not
time, he said, to examina ail the aets, but he ex-
pected there would be found as many without the
clause as with it.
Mr. NORVELL said, if the Senator from Mis-
souri would withdraw his amendment, he (Mr.N )
would withdraw the amendment to the amendment,
and the bill could then be permitted to pass as it
came from the other House.
Mr. WRIGHT hoped the amendment to the
amendment would not prevail. If the amendment
of the Senator from Missouri was adopted, he
should vote for the bill, if not, he would feel him-
self constrained 'o vote against it.
Mr NORVELL hoped his amendment would
prevail. Why, at this late day, weic we endea\or-
mg to sent an example pernicious m itself, and
bearing a fraud upon its veiy /ace Eveiy body
knew that the two pel cent fund "ftas long since
exhausted
Mr. MERRICK contended that the clause should
remain. The Government ceded this road to the
States, and if there was no special contract, theie
certainly was an understanding that the General
Government should first put it in full and complete
repair. Mr M said he was a member of the Le-
gislature of Maryland at the time, and well re-
collected that was the universal understanding, so
much so said Mi. M that good fatth ought to in-
duce us to fulfil the p'edge.
The question was then taken on Mr. NOR-
VELL'S amendment, and it was lost—yeas 12,
nays 2"), as follows
YEAS—Messis. Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, King, Knight, Ljon,
Mouton, Norvell, P^ntiss, and Pieston—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clay of Ala-
bama, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Linn,
Meirick, Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Pierce, Roane,
Robbinr, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Spence, Strange, Sw.ft, Tall-
madge, Tipton, Trottei, Webster, Williams,
Wright, and Young—2<J.
The question was then taken on Mr BENTON'S
amendment, and it was came i—yeas 27, nays 15,
as follows
YE-VS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Clay of Ala-
bama, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Hub-
bard, Linn, Mernck, Morris, Nicholas, Nile--,
Pierce, Roane, Robbms, Robmson, Sevier, Smith ot
Connecticut, Spence, Strange, Tallmadge, Tipton
Trotier, Williams, Wright, and Yourg—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, King, Knight, Lyon,
Mouton, Noivell, Pientiss, Preston, Smith of In-
diana, Swift, and Webster—15.
Mr. NILES objected to a clause in the bill ap-
propriating $9,000 for the building of a bridge on
a part of the road leading through Pennsylvania
Mi N. thought the road was ceded long since to
the States, whose duty it should be to keep it in
repair. If they had the power to do that, why they
had it to make a road any where.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that if the Senator
fiom Connecticut [Mr. Niles] had asked for infor-
mation on thv subject, he would have found that
his observations would not apply in this case. He
was himself one of those met anxious to have this
road ceded to the States through which it passed, in
order to relieve Congress from any further trouble
respecting it The act was passed for this cession,
and the State of Penns\lvania, by an act ppssed
April, 1825, agreed to receive it. At that time
there was an appropriation in the bill for this very
bridge. When the commissioners appointed under
the act of the State of Pennsylvania accepted this
road, there was a distinct understanding by both
parties that it was to be completed, and the question,
therefore, now was, not whether this Government
should make the road, but whether it should com-
'  ply with a solemn contract.
