418                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■ *'~ ■■-* •....................                                                                                                                                          .....                                                                           —
eio i, by offering a resolution for a survey of the
upper part of L^ke Erie, Detroit nv._r, Lake St.
Clair, Saginaw bay, Thunder bjy islands, Straits
of Mackinac, St Maiy river, and Green bay;
and he hoped for some inore definite action
on the subject, than was proposed by the
present resolution These lakes had been sur-
veyed bj the Butish Government, so far as their
shores were concerned. As long ago as 182G,
Ce'onel Long found a company of British survey-
ors employed on the waters of Lake Superior
Our Government had yet done nothing. We were
compelled at the mouth of Detroit river to make
use of British waters, in passing "White Wood
Island, when it was probable that the American
channel to the westward of the island was equally
good for navigation, if it were oa'y surveyed
For the want of a survey the commerce of the
lakes was exposed to frequent disasters. S nee the
opening of navigation one vessel, with a valuable
cargo, had been lost on a reef in the Straits of Macki-
nac, and this was but an item m the account of
the losses to which the lake commerce was yearly
subjected by the neglect of the Government Few
men here seemed lo be aware of the extent, or of
the importance of that commerce. He heped it
would have its due share of attention hereafter.
Sure he said that it richly deserved it.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the whole sub-
ject was ihen postponed till to-morrow.
Mr DEGRAFF, from the «ame committee, re-
ported against any action by Congress, on the peti-
tion of Benjamin Rm?old, and that it be referred to
the Secretary of the Treasury, which was agreed to
Mr YELL, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported Senate bill, without amendment,
to settle the titles to certain tracts of land m the
State of Arkansas.
Mr LINCOLN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to authorize the trustees of Oxford, O
to enter another saction in lieu of section sixteen
Mr HASTINGS, from the committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac
Lilley
Mr THOMAS moved that the bill for the relief
of Cazot's heirs be included in the special order of
Saturday, which was agreed
On motion of Mr W HITTLESEY of Ohio, it
■was agreed that that special order should be com-
menced at half past JO o'cleck
Mr. PARMENTER, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives ot Thomas Rutledge,
dseeasi'd
Mr TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
reported, without amendment, Senate bill for the
relief of the heirs and legatees of Everard Meade.
Mr T. aKo reported a bill for the relief of Re-
becca Burch, widow of Benjamin Burch, d ci^ed.
Also, a bill for the relief of the heirs ot Lieut
William Lewis.
Mr RARIDEN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported dgamst the petition of John
Armstrong, which was laid on the table
Mr GRENNELL, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution
Resolved, That all bills providing for pensions or
payments to the widows of officers apd soldiers, be
added to the special order of assignment for Satur-
day next Also, the report of the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, mthe case of Elijah Tru-
man.
Mr. RUSSELL moved to include the case of a
lunatic soldier, (Freeman,) who had been deprived
of his pension on account of his inability, from
being a lunatic, to receive his pension.
Mr. GRENNELL accepted this as a modifica-
tion
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana said he should ob-
ject to this resolution.
Mr. MORGAN moved to include the "bill au-
thorizing the Secretary of War to allow compensa-
tion to pension agents " lost.
The resolution was then rejected.
Mr  BRONSON, from the Committee on the
Territories, reported a bill making an appropria-
tion for completing the public buildings m Wis-
consin.
Also, a hill to confirm the act of the Legislative
Council of Florida, incorporating the Florida rail-
road company, and granting right of way thereto.
The bill to require the judges of the District
Court of the United States of East and West Ten-
nessee to hold a court at Jackson, in that State,
was, on motion of Mr CROCKETT, taken up on
its third reading, and after being opposed by
Messrs BOND and FILLMORE, and sustained
by Messrs GARLAND of Virginia, CROCKETT,
and SHIELDS, when the bill, by the application
of the previous question, moved by Mr. CROCK-
ETT, was passed.
Mr. BELL, on leave, presented the following
resolution, whieh was considered and agreed to-
Resolved, That the Committee ou the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency of amending the
«everal acts prescribing the mode of taking
depositions, by authorizing all persons, autho-
rized by the laws of the States to take deposi-
tions in causes pending m the State courts, to take
depositions in causes pending in the Courts of the
United Slates, and by enacting such other provi-
sions as shall, in their opin'on, promote the conve-
nience of suitors, without removing any oí the re-
snctions necessary to the safe administration of
justice
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, on leave, pre-
sented the following resolution, which was read,
and agreed to
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Ma-
disonville, in the parish of St Tammany, to War-
ners, m the parish of Washington, State of Lousi-
siana.
On motion of Mr. LYON,
Resolved, That the CBitímittee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of passing a law prohi-
biting, under suitable penalties, persons in com-
mand of vessels fr< m discharging ballast mte the
channel or anchorage ground of any bay or harbor
in the United States, so a^to obstruct the navigation
there jf.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL
On motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the slate of the Union, Mr Howard in the chair,
on the bill making appropriations ior preventing
and suppressing Indian hostilities for the year 1838,
and for arrearages for the year 1837.
The question was on the following amendment
submitted on the 21st mst by Mr. Bell, by adding
to the end of the bill the following-
Sec. . And be it fat liter enacted, That the further
sum of one million forty seven thousand and sixty-
seven dollars be appropriated, in full, for all the
objects specified m the third article of the supple-
mentary anieles of the treaty of eighteen hundred
and thirty -five, between the United States and the
Cherokee Indians, and for the further object of
aiding m the subsistence of said Indnns for one
ye a after their removal West Provided, That no
part of the said sum of money shall be deducted
from Ihefive millions stipulated to be paid to said
jribe of Indians by said treaty Jlnd provided,
further, That the %y\d Indians shall receive no be-
nefit from the said appropriation, unles< they shall
complete their emigration within such time as the
President snail deem reasonable, and without coer-
cion on the part of the Government.
Sec . Jiml be it further enactei, That, for sa-
stisfying all claims for arrearages of annuities, for
supplying blankets and other articles ot clothing
for the Cherokees who are not able to supply them-
selves, and which may be necessary for their com-
fortable removal, and for medicines and medical
assistance, and for such other purposes as the Pre-
sident shall deem proper to facilitate the re-
moval ot the Cherokees, one hundred thousand
dollars
Mr BELL continued his remarks, commenced
yesterday, and referred again to the fact, that the
contingency upon which it had been proposed to
keep an armv in the Soath of 8,000 men, no longer
existed, at least in part. He would not go into a
strict examination of the treaty with the Cherokees.
He considered that the policy of removal had been
long established, and he had thought that the treaty
was favorable for the Cherokees.   Whether it had
been fairly or fraudulently made, whether it was
true that John Ross was an honest patriot or a
knave, was a matter that he did not intend to de-
cide. He still thought it too lats to recede from
the policy of removal, as necessary for our people,
and best for the Indians; and he thought it incom-
patible with the interest of the whites, that the In-
dians should found an independent Government
within the limits of the States. No man, he said,
would be more rejoiced than he, to know that the
Cherokees were a prosperous, flourishing, and ci-
vilized people. He should rejoice m their prospe-
rity; but he thought John Ross, whether honest or
otherwise, mistaken in hi* policy. He considered
the removal westward necessary and expedient for
the Indians themselves, and bad never blamed the
Georgians for the course they had taken. The
United States were bound to remove the Chero-
kees as soon as they could, and when the Indians
proposed to set down pel manentSj, with an inde-
pendent form of Government, it w as time for Geor-
gia to speak, or never.
Mr. B. then went into an examination of details
with respect to Indian treaties, objecting that too
many had been made recently, and that too many
officers and agents of different kinds had been em-
ployed by the Government, in consequence of the
numerous treaties; and he objected to the power
vested in the Executive to make Indian trea-
ties, urging that it would have been bettei and
safer to have regulated our Indian relations by
laws of Congress He then gave a review of the
multiplied frauds that grew out of the operation of
this system, and adverted toa number of docu-
ments .ustaniing the allegation that the source of
them wai to be traced to unfaithful agents, who
were connected with the speculators. Mr B. then
went into a history ot the treaties, and enlarged
upon the circumstances connected with them at
great length.
As soon as Mr Bell had concluded, Mr. EVE-
RETT took the floor, and, after addressing the
House for some time, he was followed by Mr.
CRARY and Mr. TURNEY. The latter gentle-
man was on the floor, when, some time after dark,
he gave way, the committee rose, and,
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the Indian
bill was made the special order at 11 o'clock ts-
morrow.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, May 31, 1838
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a petition from N.
Gnswold, of Illinois, praying the establishment ot a
certain post route referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads
Mr BUCHANAN presented the petition of F.
P. Blair, praying to be released from his liabilit.es
as surety for a postmaster of Kentucky, for reasons
therein set forth, also, praying relief in relation to
a claim against the Post Office Department which
was withheld by the present Postmaster referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr CLAY, of Kentucky, said he rose to present
two petitions, and when he did so, he hoped he
might not shock the nervous sensibility of gentle-
men, when he told them that both prayed for the
establishment of that monster, so fnghful in the
eyes of old maids, old bachelors, and old politi-
cians. These petitions came from the merchants,
the manufacturers, and hardy yeomanry of the
country, without respect to party. Mr C. said
when he began to unfold ene of them, he really
conceived it was from all the people of the United
States. But if not quite all, it certainly was from
a great many of them. He was sotry that be could
not dispose of them in no other way, just now, than
move to lay them on the table.
Mr. President [said Mr. C ] we want a United
States Bank, monstrous, and monster as it was,
it afforded us the best currency that ever a nation
was blest with The whole Wen wants a Bank
of ihe United States, but I speak now in relation
to my own State, Kentucky, whose products are
disposed of from North Carolina to the Balize, are
valuable and various, the exchanges on which are
ruinous, and Ksntucky only describes the condi-
