422                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ilrsolvtd, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
allowing a pension tojohn P. Eastman, of Cornishr
Mains.
Mr. PATTERSON, on leave, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was agrees! to.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post lioads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Dancn
Centre, via Pembroke, to Alabama, in the county
of Genesee, New York.
LAKE SURVEYS.
The first business in order was the following re-
solution, reported'yesterday from the Committee on
Commerce:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to cora(iinnicat to the House of Representative?,
at the commencement of the next session of Con-
gress, a cony of each survey, and chart accompa-
nying the same, that has been heretofore made, of
the shore , harbors, inlets, and waters of Lake Erie;
also, a copy of each similar survey that has been
made of Lake Michigan.
Two amendments were pending, one by Mr.
BRONSÜN, to insert "Lake Ontario," and the
other bv Mr. CRARY, to include '-Lake Huron."
Mr. WHiTTLESEY, of Ohio, stated that he
had prepared a substitute whieh would cover the
wholV ground, but while the amendments were
pending he could nst do so.
Mr. BRONSON said in order to remove this
tmbarrassment, he would withdraw his amend-
ment.
Mr. WHITTLESEY then submitted his propo-
sition as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slates of America in Congress assembled,
That the President of the United States is hereby au-
thorized to cause such parts of Lakes Ontario,
Erie, St. Clair, Huron, Michigan, and Champlain,
and the bays contiguous, and the rivers and straits
connected with said lakes, as are within the Uni-
ted States, to be surveyed, when he may deem the
same to be necessary to add security and safety to the
navigation or commerce on those waters, or ior any
naval or military operations that may be required
oh the same for the protection and defence of the
northern lrontier, and accurate maps and charlsof
such surveys to be made; and for that purpose he
is hereiiy auiho.ized to employ any public vessel
or craft within those waters; and to detail lor such
service such persons as are employed nit board of
such vessels or crafls^uid others in public eriploy,
when 11,. ;_ime cm ■ e d nc wiihout injury to other
brai'i".hr  o' the p1'>ic seivice; and that lie cause
tit s-li'ials, lock , and other obstructions, and the
channels into the hays, mouths of rivcis, and
through the straits, when said channels are intri-
cate, to be des.gnaled by buoys, or in such other
suitable maimer ai he may dheet.
Mr. WISE moved to include "the waters of the
Chesapeake bay, and the weeks adjacent thereto,"
and sa.d a few words in support of it.
Air. WHITTLESEY opposed its introduction
i: this resolution, as njt connected woh the sub-
ject, though he, was witling to vote for a survey
for the waters of the Chesapeake bay to any
extent.
Mr. WÍ3H1 rejoined, and said he proposed for
this bay nothing more than Ihe gentleman pro-
posed for t.ie lakes. For bimvelf, he was opposed
to the principle oe making these surveys, and so
were his constituents, but as Northern gentleman
would have them on their waters, those of the
South would have them on theirs.
Mr. BRONSON replied that the gentleman had
misconceived tho object of the resolution. The
gem'.emttti thought it contemplated large expendi-
tures. It did no sueh thing; so far from (hat, it
did not contemplate the expenditure of a single dol-
lar, for i; oniy proposed the employment of the Go-
vernment vs-.sels and officers who were already on
the spot.
After wme further remarks from Mr. B. and
Mr. CU3HMAN, in relation to another, matter re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, Mr. B.
said he had no very particular - objection to the
amendment, if it only proposed, as the original re-
solution did, meiely to employ the vessels already
stationed there.
Mr. MALLORY, alluding to the little that had
been done in the coast survey, said he should vote
aeainst Mr. Whittlesey's proposition unless Mr.
Wise's was agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE begged Mr. Wise to withdraw
it, and submit it as a distinct resolution, when it
should have Mr. F's cordial support.
Mr. REED deprecated the local jealousies and.
distinctions Southern gentlemen had drawn.
Mr. WHITTLESEY then accepted Mr. Wise's ,
amendment.
Mr. STANLEY moved to include Albemarle,
Pamlico and Cove Sound.
Mr. C. SHEPARD suggested there were other
sounds requiring to be surveyed in North Carolina,
as well as those indicated by his colleague.
At this stage the CHAIR announced the special
order, being the                              >
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on ihe state of the Union, Mr. Howard in the chair,
on the bill making appropriations for preventing
and suppressing Indian hostilities for the year 1838,
and for arrearages for ihe year 1837.
The question was on the amendment submitted
on the 21st inst. by Mr. Bell.
Mr. TURKEY concluded his remarks in reply
to Mr. Bell, in the course of which he commented
upon that gentleman's course at different periods
oí his political career with great severity.
Mr. BELL rejoined, and commenced by saying
he hoped he should be indulged with an oppor-
tunity to rejoin to the unprovoked attack of his
colleague. Ha said that his personal relations
with his colleague had not been familiar, but had
always been civil, and not unpleasant. He knew
but little of his course previous to meeting him
upon that floor, and did not suppose his attack
was dictated by personal malice or ill will. He
looked upon him as the voluntary scavenger of
others, not acting from the, promptings of his own
heart, but as the fit, apt, voluntary conduit of
the malice of others. He had found the poli-
tical associates of the gentleman, m the House
and out of it, equally destitute of private honor
cr public principle. He had so charged of
them and against them in his own district,
and in the vicinity of their homes, among
their neighbors; but they were never willing to
meet bun there nor here. He. hoped they would
meet hita him privately and personally, and not
continue to make these attacks upon the floor of
the House. He had accused them at home and
here of bad faith, f-ilsehood, and hypocrisy, but
they had never thought fit to meet him there or
here. He repeated lhat he did not think his col-
league [Mr. Tuuney] was actuated by private ma-
lice,-but was ihe willing, voluntary .instrument of
others, the tool of tools.
Mr. TURNEY.    It is false! it is false'
Mr. STANLEY called Mr. Turkey to order.
At the.same moment both gentlemen were per-
ceived in personal conflict,* and blows with the fist
were aimed by each at the other. Several mem-
bers interfered, and suppressed the personal vio-
lence; others called order, order, ünd some called
for the interference of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER hastily took the chair, and in-
sisted upon order; but both gentlemen continued
struggling, and endeavoring, notwithstanding the
constraint of their fiiends, to strike each other.
The SPEAKER called upon the Sergeant-at-
Arms to preserve order; which, without the inter-
ference of that officer, was restored.
The SPEAKER then read the rule of the
Manual applicable to the case, which rule re-
quires that in a case of personal contest, both par-
ties shall be required to give a pledge to the House
that they would carry the matter no further; and that
the precedent in such a case, was that the Speaker
took the Chair to pieserve order, and the House
adjourned.
Mr. HOWARD made an explanation,that the un-
fortunate occurrence, which he deeply regretted, had
* Mr. Bell gave the first blow.
.....■■.......     ..                     .              .                       ■ ■ ■   ■  t.
occurred so promptly, suddenly, and unexpected-
ly, that, though disposed to preserve order, he had
not.an opportunity to interpose before the Speaker
had taken the chair, as was his right add duty; the
regular officer of the House, elected to preside over
their deliberations, having more power and influ-
ence than a mere temporary chairman of a com-
mittee, not elected-by the House itself.
Mr. WISE remarked that there had been a
sudden excitement, which had already blown
over. If any excitement existed, there was no
exhibition of it. He would propose, as the best
mode, for the House to go into committee again.
That, he thought, would be the best way to get rid
of the subject.
The SPEAKER said his impression was that
would be the best mode.
Mr. MERCER referred to his having made an
attempt to get tne fule of the House enforced on a
former occasion, in which he failed; he would not
make the attempt now, but he considered that the
rules of the House were the laws of the House; and
unless the House would enforce its laws, he would
noi remain a member of it.
The SPEAKER was about to put the question
upon going into committee, when
Mr. FLETCHER of Vermont said, that as a new
member, it might, perhaps, be deemed unbecoming
in him to express an opinion on a subject like this,
in the presence of older members; but it did appear
to him, and he could not avoid expressing it, that
to go into committee now would not be respectful
to the House itself. The .privileges of the House
had been trampled upon, to say the least of this
painful occurrence; and he desired to see those pri-
vileges respected.    Mr. F. was proceeding,  when
The CHAIR pronounced him to be out of order,
as no proposition was pending.
Mr. FLETCHER explained that his remarks
were in reference to the motion to go into commit-
tee-, but as he had said, substantially, all he intended,
he would, therefore, take his seat.
Mr. YELL expressed an earnest hope that the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mercer,] would
not make any distinct proposition of the character
he had adverted to. It might seem a little extra-
ordinary that a gentleman from Arkansas should
get up there as a peace-maker, but nevertheless it
was so, and "as such he entreated *Mf. M. not to
present his proposition, for Mr. Y: was convinced
the matter could be quieted and settled without
further difficulty. He had the pleasure of know-
ing both gentlemen, and had known them long;
and he well knew, too, that if the Hoiise attempt-
ed to carry out Mr. M's proposition, these two
gentlemen would be severed so far asunder that
they would never come together again; and that
which was the result of temporary heat, would be
converted into a lasting difference. Mr. Y. was
in favor of Mr. Wise's motion, as the best mode of
disposing of the matter, for, to discuss such a sub-
ject in the House, would be to commit both gen-
tlemen.
Mr. WISE remarked, that he felt thankful to the
gentleman from Arkansas, [Mr. Yell,] for his sug-
gestion. He had always iound that such interfe-
rence had always produced more excitement; and
from the age and standing of both the gentlemen,
the House might feel sure that sueh proceeding
was unnecessary. He felt sure that both felt
ashamed of the hasty occurrence, and that both
were already more punished than they would be by
any action of the House in the enforcement of the
rule.'
Mr. DUNCAN asked if the question was not
upon going into Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER said a question of privilege
would override that motion.
Mr. MERCER said he was preparing a proposi-
tion, if he could have time, and in a few moments
he offered the following :
Resolved, That warm words and a mutual assault
having passed between two members of this House,
viz: the Hon. John Bell and the Hon. Hopkins
L. Turney, of the Slate of Tennessee, they be
called upon by the Speaker to declare in their
places that they will not prosécut  the quarrel be-
tween them any further.
