424
/ -■>
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
allow the Indians two millions of dollars, as "an
additional compensation for the lands ceded to the
United States" by the treaty of 1835. This was
obviously going behind the treaty, and inculcating
the belief that the treaty was not binding. It was
bad policy for the House, at any time, to inquire
into the validity of a treaty which had been ratified
according to the requirements of the law; but it was
particularly impolitic in this case, as all the evi-
dence which had been adduced here to show that
that alleged treaty was, in fact, no treaty, had been
before the Senate, and had been maturely consi-
dered by them before they ratified it. Bat he had
another objection to the proviso. It contravened
the policy of the Executive, and defeated the hopes
of the people of Georgia. A commanding general
had been sent among the Indians, with instructions
to remove them as speedily as possible. That officer
had notified them that they must be prepared to ge
before the " next full moon." Now, what did the
proviso do? It said, " if the President shall ascer-
tain that all discontent and further opposition," etc.
" can be allayed or evaded, by allowing an addi-
tional compensation," etc. he was thereby autho-
rized to apply two millions of dollars to that ob-
ject. Was not this holding out to the Indians
an inducement to remain m their country until
the President should have an opportunity to ascer-
tain if " all discontent and further opposition", etc.
could not be " allayed or avoided," by allowing
the two millions of dollars, as " an additional com-
pensation," etc.? Clearly it was. Ross, it was
agreed on all hands, was a very shrewd fellow;
and he would assuredly find out what it was the
interest of his people to do, under the terms of
the proviso. But Mr. P. had still further objec-
tions. The proviso gave more money than he
was willing' to give. The subject had bsen before
the Committee on Indian Affairs'," and had been
maturely considered by that committee. They had
recommended the appropriation of only one million
one hundred and forty-seven thousand and sixty-
seven dolíais for the peaceable removal of the In-
dians. That was enough, in all conscience. He
had had great difficulty in prevailing upon himself
to give that sum; and his difficulty had been over-
come only by the hope that the boon would prove
effectual as a peace offering. If, on the terms of
the proviso, the Indians should remove, they
would not only be entitled to the sum which the
President would agree to give them, but they
would also reap the benefit of the sum recom-
mended by the committee. That Mr. P. never
could agree to.
It was idle to suppose that, by adopting the pro-
viso, a saving to the Government would be effected
While the Indians were wailing to extort from the
President thejargest sum which he would be autho-
rized to give them, the army would necessarily
have to be kept in their country to see if they would
ultimately go. Thus, in any eveni, the expense of
the army would have to be incurred.
For these reasons, Mr. P. hoped that the proviso
would not be concurred in.
Mr. WISE said that when the committee were
about to rise, he desired to make some remarks in
conclusion of the debate; but knowing that gentle-
men were weary of the debate, he was willing to
yield to their wishes, and suppress his observa-
tions; and he did so upon what he supposed the ex-
press understanding that no debate was to be had
in the House. Since the bill had been reported,
however, gentlemen got up on every side, and
ound ten thousand mares' nests; and after the re-
marks of the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
McKay,] he should go on with the speech he had
intended to make. He had been willing to abide
by the implied agreement that the debate should
cease, but he could not allow the observations o
the gentleman [Mr. McKay] to pass without a re-
ply.    He then gave way to
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina, who
moved an adjournment.
Mr HUNTER of Ohio called for the yeas and
nays, which were refused—ayes 29, noes 124.
Mr. PETRIKIN call for tellers, which were or-
dered and appointed, and after division, they re-
ported—ayes 88, noes 81. So the Heuse ad-
journed at about 8 o'clock, p. m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 1,1838.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred the bill from the
other House, to require the judges of the Circuit
Court'of the united States for East and West Ten-
nessee to hold their courts at Jackson, in-said State,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
reported unfavorably on several memorials that
had been referred-to that committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of John J. Bil-
lings; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
The following bills were severally read the third
time, and passed:
The bill to grant a quantity of land to the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, to aid in opening a canal to
unite the waters of Lake Michigan and Rock river.
The bill concerning a seminary of learning in
the Territory of Wisconsin; and
The joint resolution: disapproving and disaffirm-
ing an act of the Legislative Council of Wisconsin,
chartering a bank.
The bill to incorporate the Navy Yard Beneficial
Society of the city ©f Washington, was taken up,
and considered as in the Committee of the Whole;
and, on motion of Mr. NORVELL, laid on the
table.
The bill to authorize the managers of the Wash-
ington Monument Society to erect a monument to
the memory of Washington, on the public grounds,
was taken up, and, on motion of Mr. SPENCE,
laid on the table.
The following bills were severally read the se-
cond time, and considered as in the Committee of
the Whole, and ordered to third reading:
The bill for the relief of Noah*Miller, of Lincoln-
ville, in the State of Maine.
The bill to remit or refund the duties to the Bal-
timore and Susquehannah Railroad Company, upon
the importation of iron made by them for the use
of said railroad.
The bill to refund to the New Castle and French-
town Turnpike and Railroad Company certain du-
ties paid by them upon iron imported by them for
the construction of said road.
The joint resolution for th« disposition of certain
copies of the Biennial Register, and for the supply
of the committees of Congress with certain books,
[amended on motion of Mr. KING, by striking out
the section for the supply of books.]
The bill for the relief of Joseph Ratcliff was
indefinitely postponed, but subsequently the vote
was reconsidersd, on motion of Mr. MERRICK.
The bill granting a pension of Jonathan Crow.
The bill for the relief of John McLeod.
The bill for the relief of William Tharp.
The bill to authorize the location of the pre-
emption certificates, given by the Register of the
Land Offiee at Batesville, in Arkansas, under the
act of May 26, 1834, on any of the public lands
for sale in the State of Arkansas; and
The bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama
the two per cent, fund reserved by the act for her
admission into the Union, to be applied to  the
making of a road or roads leading to said State.
IOWA TERRITORY.
The Senate took up, as the order of the day, the
bill to divide the Territory of Wisconsin, and to
establish the Territorial Government of Iowa; and,
after various amendments,
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved to amend the
bill by making the tenure of office of the judges
during good behavior, instead of for four years, as
in the bill.
Mr. SEVIER opposed the motion, and spoke of
the inconvenience of having officers for life, who
must bs continued in office, rio matter how unqua-
lified, unless they could bs convicted under an
impeachment, which was exceedingly difficult to
fee done. He thought it the safest practiee that the
tenure of office for all the public servants should be
for short periods.
Mr. NORVELL said, that if any defect or in-
convenience resulted from the tenure of good be-
havior, prescribed in this bill as the tenure by
which the judges of the Territory of Iowa were to
hold their offices, the fault was in the Constitution
of the United States. The first section of the third
article of that instrument provides that "the judi-
cial power pf the United States shall be vested in •
one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as
the Congress may, from time to lime, ordain and esr«-
blish. The judges both of the supreme and inferior
courts shall.hold their offices during good behavior."
The judges of the Territories are the United States
judges, appointed by the President and Senate, un-
der the authority of Jaws of the United States. If
they are not United States judges, they must be
foreign judges, or no judges at all. In the Govern-
ment of the Northwestern Territory, the first Ter-
ritorial Government established by the United
States, and established in the samé year in which
the Constitution was framed, a provision is found
constituting a court of three judges; " and their
commissions shall continue in force during good
behavior." This may be considered a cotempora-
neous interpretation of the constitutional provision
in relation to the tenure and character of the judi-
cial office in the Territories of the United States.
He considered the Constitution clear upon this sub-
ject. While, therefore, he should, if unrestrained
by that instrument, be in favor of a term of years,
instead of the term for life, he could not consent to
vote for the amendment which proposed to limit
the tenure of these Iowa judges to four years. He
well knew, brief as had been his service here, how
utterly useless it was to invoke the Constitution on
any subject, and how little influence it exercised on
our proceedings; but, for himself, he must obey, on
his occasion, what he believed to be its fair and
Hear injunction on this question.
Messrs. ALLEN and MORRIS opposed the mo-
tion, contending that the provision in the Consti-
cution referred to by the Senator from Michigan,
did not apply to the Territories.
On taking, the question, the motion of Mr. CLAY
of Alabama was lost.
After various amendments, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. LYON, the bill to settle con-
tested claims arising under the pre-emption laws
was taken up, and the amendment offered yester-
day by Mr. L. being agreed to, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. LYON, the bill for the relief
of Gurdon S. Hubbard, assignee of Jacques Veaux
and Louis Veaux was taken up and considered,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. TROTTER, the bill to reor:
ganize the District Courts of the State of Mississippi
was taken up, and after a brief explanation from
Mr. T. ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill making appropriations for arrearages
due for the completion of certain roads in Michi-
gan was taken up, and after being" advocated by
Messrs. NORVELL and LYON, and opposed by
Messrs. SMITH of. Indiana and BAYARD, laid
on the table.
On motion of Mr. BENTON,
The Senate went into the consideration of Exe-
cutive business; after which
It adjourned over till Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, June 2, li-38.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the Indian
hostility bill, and amendments made thereto, in
Committee of the Whole, were ordered to be
printed. Mr. C- explained that he made the mo-
tion on account of the confusion that had grown
out of the misconception of the amendments.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing Executive communications:
1. A message from the President of the United
States, as follows:
To the House of Representatives of the United States :
I herewith transmit to the House of Representa-
tives a report from the Secretary of State, in an-
swer to their resolution of the 28th instant, relative
to the claim in the case of the ship Mary, and
cargo, of Baltimore.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, 30th May, 1838.
