CÓ#C&ÉSSIONAt GLOlÉ.                                            425
Department op State-,
Washington, 30th May, 1838.
To the President of the United Slates:
The Secietary of State, to whom has been re-
ferred the resolution of the Hoase of Representa-
tives of the 28th instant, requesting the President
to communicate to that body." any information he
may have relative to a claim of certain citizens of
tie United ^States upon - the Government of Hol-
land, growing out of the seizure of the ship Mary,
and cargo, of Baltimore, during the year 1800;"
and also to transmit to the House " any commu-
nications which have been recaí ved from the charge
d'affaires at the Hague relative to this claim, which
he may not deem injurious to the public interest
to communicate," has the honor to report to the
President that the document, No. 13, printed by
the order of the Senate in the early part of the pre-
sent session, contains all the information and cor-
respondence in this Department called for by the
aboved cited resolution.
Respectfully submitted,
J. FORSYTH.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
2.  The following from the President of the Uni
ted States:
Washington, May 31, 1838.
To the House of Representatives of the United States:
In compliance with the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 28th instant, regarding
the annexation of the Republic of Texas to the
United States, I transmit a report from the Secreta-
ry of State, to whom the resolution was referred.
M. VAN BUREN.
Department op State,
Washington, May 31,  1838.
To the President of the United States:
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred
the resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 28th instant, requesting the President to com-
municate to that House, if not incompatible with
the public interests, any correspondence not here-
tofore communicated, between this Government
and that of the Republic of Texas, and also with
the Government of any other country, relating to
the annexation of the said Republic of Texas to
the United Slates; and to inform the Hoase
whether the application for the said Governmentof
Texas, to the United States, for admission to this
Union, has been withdrawn, has the honor to re-
port to tise President, that all the correspondence
between this Government and that of Texas, re-
specting the annexation of' that Republic to the
United States, has been already communicated to
the House of Representatives, and that the proposi-
tion of annexation, made by the Texan Govern-
ment, having been disposed of in that correspon-
dence, has not been since deemed within the control
of the United States.
No correspondence upon the subject of such an-
nexation has taken place between this Government
and that of any other country.
All which is respectfully submitted.
JOHN FORSYTH.
On motion, of Mr. DROMGOOLE, referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
3.  The following communication from the Se-
cretary of War:
Dei-artment op War, June 1, 1838.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a re-
port of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, fur-
nishing, as accurately as4he duties pies*ed by the
Department will admit of, the information called
for by a resolution of the House of Representa-
tiues of the 21st ultimo, in respect to the valuation
of improvements, and the amounts paid thereon,
under the Cherokee treaty of 1835.
Very respectfully,
Your most obedient servant,
J. R. POINSETT.
Hon. James K. Poi.k,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The following information was contained in a
communication accompanying the above:
1. That the improvements valued under the
Cherokee treaty of 1835 amount to about one mil-
lion of dollars.
2. The amount of money paid for such improve-
ments is not in all cases to be ascertained. These,
with other allowancss for spoliations, ferries, etc.
constituted the credits to individual Indians; debts
and other claims allowed by the board are charged
against them, and the balance only is paid, if any
remains. It is estimated that the payments equal
eight hundred thousand dollars.
On motion of Mr. BELL, laid on the table.
TREASURY BUILDING.
Mr. LINCOLN asked leave to submit a resolu-
tion setting apart Monday next, from 10 till 1
o'clock, for the consideration of the bill to provide
for the removal of the walls of the new Treasury
building.
Mr. YELL, Mr. CAMBRELENG, and Mr.
HAYNES simultaneously objected.
Mr. LINCOLN gave notice that, if the House
would consent to take up the resolution, he would
accept any modification of it as to time. He then
moved a suspension of the rule, and asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. ADAMS called for the reading of a memo-
rial presented from the operatives on the structure
some days ago; and it was read.
Mr. YELL inquired if it would not be equally in
order to have rtad the; petition from the people of
the western frontier for protection? a subject of far
more importance than a building job in this Dis-
trict.
The CHAIR remarked that the other petition
had been read by unanimous consent.
The House then suspended the rules: yeas 98,
nays 46; and the resolution being then taken up—
Mr. YELL moved to include the bill to extend for
twelve months the farther time for locating Lovely
donation claims in Arkansas.
Mr. CUSHMAN sent a substitute to the Chair,
but it was pronounced out of order.
Mr. CRAIG then demanded the previous ques-
tion, but witndrew it to enabe Mr. LINCOLN, at
the suggestion of Mr. WHITTLESEY, to modify
the resolution by making it Friday next from 10 till
1 o'clock. Motions were severally made by Mr.
YELL and Mr. CUSHMAN, to lay the resolution
on the table; and, Mr. CRAIG having renewed it,
the previous question was seconded, and the mam
question ordered, put, and agreed to.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. B1RDSALL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, on leave, reponed a bill extend-
ing the benefits of the resolve of Congress of 24th
August, 1780, to persons entitled to the .-.aine on ac-
count of the services and death of Lieut. Edward
Wade; which, on motion of Mr. B. was leferred to
the Committee of the Whole House, to which was
committed all bills from the same committee, and
which, under the special order of the House, are to
be considered ihis day.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of the heirs of David
Gould, deceased.
Mr. HARPER, from the same committee, also
reported, without amendment, Senate bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of Lieut. Henry
Fisher.
Both the above bills were included in the special
order of to-day.
Mr. HARLAN, on leave, from the Committee
on Private Land Claims,reported a joint resolution
tor the relief of the widow and other heirs of the
late Alexander Hamilton, deceased; which was
read twice and ordered to a third reading on Mon-
day next.
Mr. PRENTISS, of Miss, on leave, presented se-
veral petitions for post routes.
Mr. GRENNELL asked leave to move to in-
clude in the special order of to-day three bills for
the relief of widows of officers of the army.
Mr. CRAIG felt compelled to object to any fur-
ther postponement of that order; whereupon,
Mr. GRENNELL moved a suspension of the
rules; which was agreed to, and the resolution re-
ceived.
Mr. MORGAN moved to amend it by including,
also, the bill to compensate pension agents; but the
House rejected it, and then agreed to Mr. G's re-
solution.
This being the day set apart for the considera-
tion of bills reported from the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims,
Mr. TAYLOR moved the House to go into
Committee on the Union on such of the bills em-
braced in the special order as were referred to.
This motion was disagreed to; and, on motion of
Mr. CRAIG, the House went into Committee of
the Whole—Mr. ELMORE in the Chair, and,
having considered a large number of bills, rose
and reported as follows:
The following were reported without amend-
ment:
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Apollos Coo-
per.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Harrison.
A bill for the relief of Levi Chadwick.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of John
Marks.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Crocker
Sampson.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Tarlton Woodson.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Dr.
Charles Taylor.
A bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Ri-
chard Harrison.
A bill for the relief of Rebecca Burch.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of David Gould.
An act for the relief of Captain Samuel War-
ren.
.   A bill for the relief of Robert Ramsay.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Champney.
A bill for the relief of Theodore Middleton.
An act for the relief of John Spitfathom.
A bill for the relief of Henry Hoffman.
A bill for the relief of Wm. Madison.
A bill for the relief of Gratia Ray.
An act for the reliaf of Moses Van Campen.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Patrick McGibbony.
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant William
Lewis.
A bill for the relief of Henry Fisher.
A bill for the relief of Edward Wade.
A bill for the relief of Ann S. Heilman.
A bill for the relief of Josephine Nourse.
The following bills were reported with amend-
ments, for the most part to strike out the clauses
from each which allowed interest:
A bill for the relief of the representatives of Co-
lonel Willis Reddick.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Francis Taylor.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Joseph
Young.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Colonel
Thomas Knowlton.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Lathrop Allen.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
John De Treville.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Captain James Purvis.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of James Con-
way.
A bill for the relief  of the heirs of Wadleigh
Noyes.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Major Pe-
ter Helphenston.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Hunt, heir
of Captain William Hendricks.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Captain John Winston.
A bill for the relief of John Clark.
A bill for the relief of Lt. John McDowel.
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
Samuel O. Pettus.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Presley Thornton.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Garland
Burnley.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of James
Burton.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Cook.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William
Vause.
