CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
430
. The bill for the relief of the widow and heirs of
Colonel Albert Pawling, deceased- laid on the table
The bill granting to the State of Illinois the right
of way through the public lands of the United
States, and foi other purposes.
Mr KING saw no necessity for the passage of
the bill. He would remind the Senator who intro-
duced it, that a bill had alieady passed the Senate,
in relation to the same subject, which was general
in its provisions, and embraced the State of Illinois
He thought it inexpedient to encumber legislation
by passing t'vo bills of the same import, and would
suggest that it be laid on the table.
Mr. YOUNG thought the Senator from Alabama
was mistaken. He was awaie of the bill mentioned
by the Senator; that applied only to railroads, but
¡his was not a railroad.
[Mr. Kins here said the Senator would find it
general. He would see, bv referring te it, that it
applied to McAdamiz°d roads ]
Mr. Y. answered, H was not even a McAdamized
road, but one which the State had commenced,
which was called this great "Western mail route,
and was one on which the United States mails were
Carried to a great extent, and Was the means of the
Post Office Department making more favorable
contracts than it could otherwise have done. It was
on this ground that the State asked something for
the purpose of aiding in carrying this road into lull
operation, and that was done m such manner that
it would have lost Government nothing. All that
was asked was the right of way, and ase of ma-
terials, for completing a toad which was not em-
braced m the general act. Mr Y here went into
a statement, showing the numerous loads that had
been commenced m his State, and were in a state
of forwardness, which he maintained would give an
enhanced value to the public domain, far greater
in fact than woulct be received by the Slate of Illi-
nois by the small grant of what Was asked for
Mr KING said he was in hopes that the Sena-
tor would not have pushed this motion. The bill
already passed embraced all, and if it did not, it
could be amended in the House of Representatives.
This road might be an exception, and probably it
ought to be provided for, but an objection he had
to the bill was that it proposed to take off all the
timber on th« land subject to private entry, to the
loss or injury of the purchaser. He was not pre-
pared to take aw ay the materials for the purpose
of giving them to a corporation. When the lands
were public, it might do, but not when they were
private property, he thought it altogether objec-
tionable.
Mr SOUTHARD moved to postpone the bill
indefinitely. He thought the one already passed
wa  sufficiently liberal, so much so, indeed, that
although not unfriendly to the object, it struck him
as too much so in its nature Besides, he was not
disposed to grant favors to one State that he did
not to others He presumed that when Illinois
made the road, it was not for the purpose of bene-
fitting the Government in carrying the mail, but
for the aggrandizement and improvement of her
own resources. Such an argument as that u*-ed
by the Senator from Illinois might be used by
every other State for the purpose of obtaining ap-
propriations
Mr. YOUNG replied somewhat at length, main-
taining that the value of the public lands was greatly
improved by these roads, and that thousands upon
thousands of the waste lands would thereby be
brought into market.
The question being taken on the indefinite post-
ponement, it was carried jn the affirmative.
The bill granting a township of land to the
French University of St Louis, in the State of
Missouri, was taken up.
Mr CLAY of Alabama thought this bill ought
to be postponed There were many objections to
the measure in a constitutional point ot view that
Would present themselves to the minds of gentle-
men, which he was not disposed to take up the time
of the Senate by going into.
Mr BENTON advocated the school with much
zeal, maintaining that it was the only school in the
Union where the living languages were taught so
as to be practically useful. Mr. B thought the
donation was due to that French institution, and
said that he saw no constitutional difficulties in the
way
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he could not under-
stand how we were to grant a whole township of
land to a French instiíütiotíj because the languages
were taught there. He presumed the languages
were as well taught, and probably better, in all the
other universities of the -country. He thought the
whole matter should be well considered before final
action was taken on it; and, m his opinion, it
would be infinitely better to postpone the bill.
Mr. KING made a statement in relation to the
lands received by different States for the purposes
of education. Though the grants were the same,
the value, in many instances, varied materially.
For instance, that of Alabama had been, found
amply sufficient. In some of the States, the lands
sold higher than others, because the soil was more
appreciated. That, he presumed, was the fact m
relation to Alabama, though her school land was
disposed of at a fortunate period. Mr K. was op-
posed to making any special grant. If it were ex-
tended to Missouri, he hoped it would be to every
other Statu.
Mr. BENTON went into a history of this insti-
tution, claiming for it a great superiority over all
the schools m the country for the French
and Spanish languages. At this school there
were young gentlemen from every part of the
world, in the constant use of their mother tongue,
French, Spanish, Italian, and others, and under
such circumstances only could those languages be
properly acquired. If there were schools or col-
leges in this country where the languages Were 8s
well taught, he did not know them. Of the many
gentlemen that had learned thel anguages in these
universities, he had never yet known one that had
learned them so as to make them of practical utili-
ty; that was, to apeak them fluently in conversa-
tion, and if ihey weie enabled to do so, they must
have acquired them somewhere else Mr B felt
sorry that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr Clay]
had made so strenuous an opposition to a measure
which was so reasonable m itself
Mr SEVIER expressed his willingness to vote
for the bill In the first place, the object was
laudable, and in the second, he thought the lands
ought ta be at the disposal of States whersin they
lie. Mr. S. dwelt for some time on this subject,
maintaining that now the public debt was paid,
such ought to be the disposition of the public do-
main. The lands were acquired by the common
blood and treasure of our ancestors, which the old
States held on to, while those of the new were sold
for the common benefit of the whole. When it
was proposed to give any thing in the way of grant
to the hew States, we were immediately told of the
inequality of stich a proceeding He would vote
for no grants to the old States, and was for putting
the matter on an equality by holdmgonto the lands
in the new. Here we were spending millions to
get rid of Indians in Georgia, and were the lands
thus acquired sold for the common benefit? Mr.
S hoped that the bill would be permitted to pass.
Mr CLAY having asked the yeas and nays on
the indefinite postponement, ihey were ordered, and
there appear for it 25, against it 14, as follows-
YEAH—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Clay ot Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Davis,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, Knight, Lumpkin,
McICean, Merrick, Niles, Pierce, Prentiss, Rives,
Roane, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Southard,
Strange, Wall, White, and Williams—25
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Fulton,
Linn, Ljon, Mouton, Norvell, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Tipton, Webster, and Young
—14.
At about half past four o'clock the Senate went
into Executive session, and then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, June 6, 1838.
At the suggestion of Mr  WHITTLESEY of
Ohio, the committees were called oa for reports
Mr. W. from the Commute of Claims, reported
the following resolution, which, after some expla-
natory remarks from Mr. W. was concurred in
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives pay to Thomas Douglass four hundred
dollars and forty-seven cents, for his services, tra-
velling expenses m taking testimony m the case
of Charles S. Stbbald, under a resolution of the
House of* Representatives, passed on the 3d of
March, 183Í, and for copying papers, and money
paid Isaiah D. Hart.
Mr. W. from the same committee, made an un-
favorable report on the petition of Joseph Crosby,
praying indemnity for losses growing out of the
charter of the steamboat Minerva: la'd on the
table.
Also, on the petition of Capt. E. E. Parks, for
services performed against the Creek Indians: laid
on the table.
Mr. W. also reported a bill for the relief of
William B. Fergusson and his sureties; which, on
his motion, was ordered to a third reading.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill providing for the sale of cer-
tain lands on the route of the Wabash and Erie
canal, in the State of Indiana; the further consi-
deration of whick was postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. B. also sent an amendment to the Chair he
gave notive he should offer to the bill granting
rights of way through the publie lands to road and
canal companies.
Mr. PHILLIPS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported, with an amendment, Senate bill
to establish a port of entry at Jersey City, and for
other purposes.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee on the Judrciary, reported, without amend-
ment, Senate bill for the relief of Thomas L Win-
throp and others, directors of the Mississippi Land
Company*
Mr HARLAN, from the-Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back the bill for the relief
of James Barrett, which was erdered to a third
reading to-morrow
Mr H also reported a resolution to set apart
Saturday next, after 11 o'clock, for the considera-
tion of bills reported from that committee; but it
was rejected.
Mr H also reported ft joint resolution for the
relief of the heirs of Charles Brown; which was
ordered to a third reading to-morrow.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manufac-
tures, reported a bill for the relief of the Union
Steamboat Company of Georgia, and to authorize
them to import, duty free, the materials of an iron
steamboat.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
the Winchester and Potomac Railroad Company,
with a recommendation that it be rejected, which
was postponed.
Mr. BOND, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported ihe follow mg joint reso-
lution, which was ordered to a third reading to-day.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representiavcs
of the United Slates of Jlmei tea m Cong  ess assem-
bled, That the benefits of the third section of an
act entitled "An act granting half pay to widows
or orphans when their husbands and fathers have
died of wounds received in the military service of
the United States in certain cases, and for other
purposes," approved the 4th day of July, eighteen
hundred and thirty-six, shall not be withheld from
any widow whose husband has died since the pas-
sage of the said act, or who shall hereafter die, if
said widow shall otherwise be entitled to the same.
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief
of George Hornmell.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee OH the Public
Buddings, reported the following resolution; which
was concurred in.
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Public
Buildings be directed to furnish this House with a
detailed account of the expenditures on the new
Treasury building, distinguishing between the dif-
ferent items oí charge in their application to the
various heads of material, and each description of
labor, giving, under distinct heads, an account of
the various kinds of material procured, and their
cost, and the different kind of labor employed, and
at what price, and the aggregate amount of each.
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Private Land Claims, made unfa-
vorable reports on the petitions of Julia Esmero,
