432
properly responsible for those acts of the "Govern
ment, which he has denounced as extravagant. He
cannot appropriate a single dollar, without the
assent of this and the other body of this Congress. If,
then, there is extravagance, it is here—here, in
this House. Let the gentleman commence here,
and see how many of his own party he will leave
unconvicted. I dare him to do it. I dare him to
attempt it. I challenge him to look to the journals
of this House—see the yeas and nays upon every
extravagant appropriation, and if a'majority of
his friends have not voted for every one of them.
Yes, sir, I challenge the gentleman to do this.
Then, sir, how does it comport with candor
and honesty, to be continually crying against the
other party, for that which they themselves are most
guilty of.
Sir, were I to be guility of sueh a course, I
should blush to meet my constituents, or to appear
before an intelligent American public.
There was other causes of the increase of pub-
lic expenditures, that he would remind his honora-
ble friend of, for personally, he assured him, he con-
sidered him so, and was proud of it.' It had in a
great measure been owmg to the immense issues
of paper money, that had swelled out and
given an additional and fictitious value to every
thing consumed or employed by Government—
with hundreds, if not thousands, of ether most
satisfactory causes <o any impartial, rational mind.
But this was no time to go into detail in relation to
those matters, and it woald be out of order to do
so apon this subject. He hoped the gentleman
would, however, bring in some proposition upon
this subject; and as a friend of reduction and re-
form, he would pledge himself to go with him to
his heart's content.
This, however, the gentleman seemed studiously
• to avoid. Perhaps it was because nearly every
similar attempt of special committees had never
failed to cover their authors with shame and con-
tempt, and end in the disgrace of their party. He
hoped that the gentleman would not be discouraged,
however, but would bring forward his proposition
for a scaling committee, as he would most assu-
redly lend to him his little aid in carrying it on.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired if there was ho way to
dispose of the bill so as to go on with other busi-
ness; and he suggested a postponement till, to-mor-
rov-, but withdrew it on suggestion.
Mr. BELL suggested the expediency of adopting
the amendment at once, as he^understood it was
satisfactory to the friends of the bill; and he moved
to reduce the salaries of the judges to fifteen hun-
dred dollars; which was not in order.
After a few remarks from Mr. POPE and Mr.
BOND,
Mr. THOMPSON moved to lay? the bill on the
table, and called for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, and were—yeas 42, nays 134.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
At the suggestion of Mr. BRONSON, Mr. Bond
withdrew^his call for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, and, the question being taken, the
amendment was adopted without a division.
Mr. SHEPARD then moved the motion offered
by Mr. Bell, in relation to salaries of judges;
which was adopted without a division.
Mr. MERCER moved so to amend the firit
section as to provide for the establishment of
Iowa as a Territory when Wisconsin became a
State.
Mr. BRONSON remarked that such an amend-
ment was perfectly useless, as, on the admission of
Wisconsin, the separation would take place as a
matter of course.
Mr. MERCER. Then there was no necessity
whatever for the passage of the bill at all.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina called for
the reading of the amendment.
Mr. CLOWNEY called for the yeas and nays;
which were refused.
Mr. CLO WNEY called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, and they were ordered.
Mr. EWING opposed the bill.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved the previous question;
which, being seconded, was ordered to be then put,
and the main question being on the passage of the
bilk was taken, and decided in the affirmative—
yeas 118 nays 51.
So  the bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. BRONSON, the House then
went into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, Mr. Sergeant in the Chair.
The bill granting land to the Territory of Wis-
consin, to open a «anal and connect the waters of
Lake Michigan and Rock river, which had been
passed over in committee yesterday, was, again
taken up, and che question pending was on the
amendment offered by Mr. Petrikin to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BRONSON offered several amendments,
which he thought would, satisfy the gentlemen who
had objected to the, bill yesterday, as they went to
alter the bill so as to vest the land in the State
whenever it should be admitted into the Union,
instead of vesting it in" the Territory; and also to
secure the appropriation to the construction of the
canal, and to seeure the completion thereof.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired what was the ne-
cessity of granting land now for the construction of
. a canal which had not been located?
Mr. MERCER submitted an amendment for
consideration, going into details to secure the ap-
propriation to the purpose intended,~ and to guard
against waste and misuse of the grant.
After some few remarks by Messrs. POPE and
BRONSON, the question was taken on the amend-
ment proposed to the amendment by Mr. Petri-
kin, and decided in the negative.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ments offered by Mr. Bronson.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana objected to those
amendments, and wasnn favor of. Mr. Mercer's,
or something like it.
Mr. PETRIKIN said the object was not to make
a canal, but it was entirely one of speculation;
every movement proved it. If it was not a mat-
ter of speculation, why was the House called upon
to legislate so long in anticipation? He said there
were many companies now engaged in western land
speculations, not only by purchasing lands, but by
employing squatters, and taking whole townships;
and that this had been done, he could not tell pre-
cisely, but somewhere in the neighborhood of this
grant. He looked upon this as a mere speculation,
and should vote against it in every shape.
Mr. MERCER explained the object of bis
amendment, and said he only wished to have it
reported and printed by the House, so that mem-,
bers could examine it.
Mr. LINCOLN proposed some amendments, and
suggested that it was impossible, without examina-
tion, to see whether they were congruous or not;
and he hoped the several amendments offered by
different gentlemen might be reported and printed,
to be examined and made perfect, so as to meet the
views of every one in the House, before a final
question should be taken.
The course indicated by Mr. LINCOLN was
adopted by the committee, and the bill and pro-
posed amendments were laid aside to be printed.
2.  The bill to re-organise the Legislative Council
of Florida, was then taken up.
Mr. BRIGGS proposed a verbal amendment,
which was agreed to, and the bill was laid aside to
be reported.
3.  The bill making appropriations to complete
the public buildings in Wisconsin, was next con-
sidered.
After some brief discussion by Messrs. POPE,
BOND, and PETRIKIN, the bill was laid aside to
be reported.
4.  The committee then took up and considered
the bill making appropriations for the construction
of certain roads in Florida, which was laid aside to
be reported to the House.
5.  The bill making appropriations for the con-
struction of certain roads in Wisconsin was then
taken up.
This was a Senate bill, and several amendments
proposed by the Committee on Roads and Canals
being agreed to, the bill was ordered to be reported.
6.  The bill concerning a Seminary of learning
in Wisconsin was then considered.
7.  The bill to confirm an act passed by the Le-
gislative Council of Florida, incorporating the
Florida and Peninsular railroad company, was
then considered, amended; and agreed to.
8. MK-DOWNrNGmáie'an earnest appeal to
the committee to take Up the bill W authorize the
people of Florida to take a census, hold a conven-
tion, and form,a Constitution, but
Mr. POTTS moved that the eommittee rise;
which motion, prevailing, the committee rose and
reported,
The amendments to those amended being con-
curred irt, Nos. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, were^ read a
third time, and passed.
No, 1 was postponed till to-morrow.    ,
The joint resolution introduced to day for the
benefit of certain widows of Revolutionary officers,
was read a third time, and passed.
The CHAIR laid before the House the following
message in writing:              '    •
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
In compliance with the-resolution of the 4th inst.
calling for any communication received from the
Governors of the States of Georgia, North Caroli-
na, Tennessee, or Alabama, in reference to the pro-
posed modification of the Cherokee treaty of 1835,
I herewith inclose a report of the Secretary of War,
which is accompanied by a copy of a letter address-
ed to hirn.by the .Governor of Georgia, and of his
reply. As stated by the Secretary, no communica-
tion on the subject has been received from either of
the other Executives mentioned.
'     M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, June 6,1838. -
The message having been read, was, on motion
of Mr. HAYNES.laid on the table.
Mr. MASON of Virginia, on leave, laid on the
table an amendment he proposed to submit to the
Independent Treasury Dill, when that bill came up
for consideration; and it was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRONSON moved that the House again go
into committee on the Territorial business.
Mr. McKENNAN moved an extension of the
special order for that business till to-morrow.
Mr. BRONSON and Mr. DOWNING both ex-
pressed a hope that that motion would prevail.
Mr. YELL said he should object to it.
Mr. MALLORY moved that the House adjourn;
which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, May 6, 1838.
On motion of Mr, WHITE, the message from
the President, receivedyesterday during the Execu-
tive session, relating to Indian affairs, was referred
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TROTTER, presented a" petition from cer-
tain citizens of the town of Rodney, in Mississippi,
praying an act of Congress making that town a
port of entry: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MOUTON presented a memorial from L- tt
and Ires, praying confirmation of certain grants of
land in Louisiana: referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported the bill from the House of Representatives,
making appropriations for preventing and suppress-
ing Indian hostilities for the year 1838, and for ar-
rearages in 1837, without amendment. As this
was a bill of general interest, he gave notice that
lie would call it up at the most convenient hour to
consider it.
Mr. LINN, from the Select Committee to whom
was referred the project of taking possession of the
Territory of Oregon, made a report, which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of Jacob Mark?, a
private in the Marine Corps; which was con-
curred in.
Mr. W. from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of James H. Clarke; which was
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. ROBERTSON, ftom the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported a bill grant-
ing additiosal clerks to the Post Office and Audi-
or's office connected therewith: read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. RIVES, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported a bill for the relief of Andrew For-
