438
s cure the payment on certain commissions on duty
bonds to collectors of ihe customs, was taken up,
and agreed to
Also, the amendments to the House bill for the
relief of Moses Merrill.
The following were read a third time'
The joint resolution for the farther distribution
of the Documentary History of the Revolution was
read the third time and passed.
The joint resolution authorizing the President of
the United States to cause certain surveys to be
made, was then taken up.
Mr MALLORY opposed the resolution, and in-
sisted that it would involve an appropriation ot
§500,000, adding that it was attempted to be
smuggled through. Moreover, the persons pro-
posed to make the surveys were not competent.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio wai mly repelled
this allegation, and went into a defence of his
course m sustaining the resolution, giving the rea-
sons that had induced western men, whose States
bordered on the lakes to sustain it. No expense
was intended, nor would the President be justified
in incurring any under it.
Mr. BRIGGS moved an adjournment   lost.
Mr BRONSON was satisfied that, if the peisons
on the southern waters weie not competent to the
performance, those on the lakes uere.
After some further remarks from Messrs
ADAMS, FILLMORE, and HAYNES,
Mr H moved to commit the resolution to the
Committee on Commerce, with instructions to in-
quire into the expediency of reporting back for a
survey of our whole seaboard, lakes included.
Mr. GRANT moved the previous question,
but v, ithdrew it at the request of
Mr GOODE, who, after some remarks, renewed
it, and it was sustained by the House, 90 to 36,
and the mam question was ordered, put, and
agreed to.
So the resolution was passed.
The following were also passed-
An act to reorganize the Legislative Council of
the Territory of Florida, and for other purposes.
An act to confirm an act of the Legislative Coun-
cil of Florida, incorporating the Florida and Pe-
llicula Steamboat and Railroad Company, grant-
ing ¡isilit of way through the public lands, and for
other purposes.
Mr. WORD, on leave, submitted the following
resolution, which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
ani Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Cai-
rollton, in the county of Carroll, in the State of
Mississippi, to Douglass, on the Ya?oo river; and
s>lso ftom Grenada, in the county of Talaboosha,
via Preston and Oakland, to Panola, in Panola
county
Mr. CHAPMAN then said, for the purpose of
testing the sensf, he would move to make the pie-
emption bill the special ordei of the day for to-
morrow, after the hout of one o'clock, w hen the
other orders would be disposed of.
Mr ERIGGS interposing a motion to that ef-
fect, which prevailed, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, June 7, 1838.
Mr LYON presented 'he memorial of thirty-two
citizens of Michigan, members of the bar, and
others, praying Congress to change the place of
holding thp circuit and district court of the United
Stales foi the Slate of Michigan, fiom the cuy of
Detiuit to Ann Arboi, m said State.
Mr LYON said the memorialists stated that
jurors and witnesses were put to much expense and
inconvenience by the holding of the court at De-
troit, which would be saved to them by holding it
at Ann Arbor, where the throng of emigrants and
travellers was not so great, and where the money
they would receive would be at least sufficient to
pay their board bills whilt in attendance on the
court They also stated that a «reat portion of
the business of ihe court originated in the intenor
oí the State, nearer and more convenient to Ann
Arbor than Detroit, that at the formei place the
court could occupy commodious buildings free of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rent, and without the interruption to which it is
now frequently subject m Detroit from the sessions
of other courts occupying the same room with
itself.
Mr. SEVIER said he was not in his seat yester-
day when the report on the Oregon Territory was
ordeied to be printed. As it was a document of
great interest to the American public, he would
move that 15,000 extra copies be added.
Mi. SOUTJHARD thought the number unusually
large.
Mr. SEVIER then suggested 10,000; which were
accordingly ordered.
On motion of Mr. HUBBABD, the Committee
on Pensions was instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of granting a pension to John McNeil.
On motion of Mi. WHITE, the Committee on
Indian Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of a petition from an individual (un-
heard) in Clark county, Indiana.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, repoited a bill to authorize a
selection of lands tor the benefit of the University
of Michigan, m lieu of other lands heretofore se-
lected read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill supplementary to the act of March,
1835,   to establish branches of the Mint sf the
United States read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LYON, on leave, introduced a bill to create
the office of the Surveyor of the Public Lands m
Michigan  read twice, and referred.
Mr. MORRIS submitted a resolution, which lies
over one day, instructing the Committee on the
Public Lands to inquire into the expediency of
ceding to the State oí Ohio all the public lands re-
maining unsold within her limits, and of making
the same provision for other States as soon as the
public land remaining unsold within their respec-
tive boundaries sheuld bear the same proportion
[to something unheard by the reporter] as it now
does in the State of Ohio, or, it this should be
deemed inexpedient, that the committee inquire
hefw many of the land offices m Ohio can be abo-
lished without injury to the public service.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
The resolution offered on Tuesday by Mr. MOR-
RIS, that Congress adjourn on the 2d of July to the
second Monday in November next, and that no
member of Congress receive compensation lor
services during the recess, came up in its order.
Mr MORRIS explained, and advocated his reso-
lution at some length, assigning as the principal
reason for adopting it that, if the Senate should
meet before the Constitutional time for a new session,
they could take up their unfinished business, and
proceed with it in the same manner as if there had
been no recess.
Mr. NORVELL moved that the resolution be in-
definitely postponed.
Mr. LUMPKIN moved that it be laid on the ta-
ble, which motion, taking precedence, was put to
the vote, and carried.
THE NEW TREASURY CIRCULAR.
Mr Webster's resolution, offered yesterday,
calling on the Secretary of the Treasury for a copy
of such order as he might have recently issued in
regard to receiving bank notes, coming up for con-
sideration,
Mr. WEBSTER said a Treasury order had
been published, which it was proper should be
officially communicated to the Senate. When
speaking on the joint resolution which lately passed,
[said Mr. W ] I observed that some further legal
provision would be necessary, if the resolution
should pass This expectation is quite confirmed
by the new circular As to some of the conditions,
or limitations, stated by the Secretary, it is true
that they are imposed by existing statutes, and
must be regarded; such as that the bills of no
bank should be received, which bank since June,
1836,  has issued, or paid out, bills less than five
dollars. As all the banks in some of the States,
and nearly all m others, are in this predicament,
it is necessary, undoubtedly, that some act of le-
gislation shautd be passed, m order to make the
recent resolution of any practical effect m those
States.
There are other parts of the new circular, how-
ever, of which I do not see the necessity, even as
the case now stands.
It is proper, however, that the paper should be
officially before us, as undoubtedly some further
legislation will be necessary; and I shall myself
propose some measure on the subject at an early
day.
The resolution was adopted witheut dissent.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a communi-
cation from the Treasury Department, m pursu-
ance of a Senate resolution of May 2d, with a
condensed statement of the condition of the 3tate
deposite banks, derived from the latest returns, to-
gether with the returns on which the statement was
founded: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Several bills were received from the House, read
twice, and referred.
The Senate concurred m the amendments of the
other House to the bill to establish the office of
Surveyor General for Wisconsin.
The following bills were read a third time and
passed
The bill for the relief of Robert Keyworth.
The bill to authorize John E. Metcalf and
others to locate certain pre-emption claims to land
in Indiana.
The bill for the relief of certain settlers on the
public lands, who were deprived of the benefit of
the act of June, 1834, gtanting pre-emption rights;
and
The bill to settle the construction of the act re-
gulating the pay of paymasters m the army.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the House bill making appro-
priations for the prevention and suppression of In-
dian hostilities for 1838, and for the payment of
arrearages in 1837.
On ordering this bill to its third reading, Mr.
WEBSTER addressed the Senate, and was an-
swered by Mr. WRIGHT, when Mr. PRESTON
spoke at length, reflecting generally on the war and
its causes, which he attributed to the fault of the
Administration
Mr. LUMPKIN addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: I had indulged the hope, and
still indulge it, that the Senate would be permitted
to act promptly on this appropnation bill, without
bringing into its discussion the exciting topics of
the Florida and Cherokee treaties, and the Florida
war. The service of the country and the character
of the Government are at this time suffering for
the want of the passage of this bill. Drafts amount-
ing to hundreds of thousands of dollars are at this
moment pressed upon the Treasury of the country,
and cannot be discharged till we pass this bill. The
citizens ef the country, who have given full and
fair consideration for official and legal drafts on
your Treasury, ought not to be delayed in receiving
their just dues.
It is, therefore, with extreme reluctance that I
feel myself called upon to take some notice of the
remarks of the Senator from Sisuth Carolina, [Mr.
Preston ] I shall not, however, follow the gen-
tleman in the wide range he has taken in regard to
Ihe Florida campaign, or the merit or dement of
the distinguished officers who have had command
in Florida. For the present I leave all these gen-
tlemen (with my kind regard) to the justice of that
public opinion, to whom we, as public men, are
all amenable. There is but one point connected
with the Florida war to which the gentleman has
adverted, which I feel myself called upon to no-
tice
The gentleman, with his usual eloquence, has
eulogised the savage chief Oseóla, apparently for-
getful of the many horrid deeds which led to the
catastrophe of this extraordinary man. When
I hear Oseóla eulogised on the floor of this
Senate, I can but remember the treache-
ry of this much indulged man to his friend
and benefactor, the lamented General Wiley
Thompson of Georgia, with whom I was long as-
sociated m pub'ic life, and who was long a respect-
ed member of the other branch of Congress.
Yes, this bloodthirsty Oseóla, not only murdered
General Thompson, but was, and has been, the
principal organ of all the horrors of the Florida
