CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
457
By Messrs HAMER, GOODE, KILGORE,
BOND and CHANEY of Ohio.
Mr KILGORE presented the memorial of a
convention of delegates from the banks of Ohio,
praying the repeal or modification of the law
which prohibits the receipt, m the payment of duties
to the Government, of the bills of such banks as
have issued notes of a less denomination than five
dollars sinee the 4th of July, 1836, and moved its
reference to a select committee.
Mr, CUSHMAN moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means
This motion having preference under the rules
of the House,
Mr. KILGORE moved to amend the motion by
instructing the Committee to report a bill in con-
formity with the prayer of the memorialists.
This giving rise to debate,
The SPEAKER announced that $ie subject
would he over under the rules.
On motion of Mr. KILGORE, the memorial was
then ordered to be printed.
Mr J. WILLIAMS, of Tennessee.
[Mr. Joseph L Williams presented the memo-
rial of a numbei of the citizens, of Knox county,
Tennessee, praying Congtess to appropriate the
public land of the United States within the
limits of Tennessee, south and west of the Con-
gressional reservation line, to the improvement of
the navigation of those portions of the Hol-
ston and Tennessee rivers which are within the
l.mtts of said State refetred to the Committee on
Public Lands ]
Mr LEWIS, of Alabama.
Mr-THOMPSON, of South Carolina
Mr. S WILLIAMS, of Kentucky.
Mi. DAWSON, of Georgia.
Mr. ROBERTSON, of Virginia.
Mesáis PETRIKIN, NAYLOR, McKEN-
NAN, POTTER, BEAITY, HAMMOND, and
PAYNTKR of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. Petrikin presented a petition signed by a
number of highly respectable citizens of Columbia
county, Pennsylvania—one of them a bank direc-
tor—praying Congress to inquire into the connec-
tion at member  of Congress with banks, either as
stockholder?, officers of banks, or debtors to the
banks, and moved that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mean-* ]
[Mr. Hammond presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the city and county of Philadelphia, re-
questing the discontinuance of banks as deposito-
ries of public lurids ]
[Mr Paynter presented three memorials, nu-
«jfiOHsly signed by the uluens of the city and
eonniy of Philadelphia, asking the speedy passage
of tfie Independent Treasury bill refened to the
Committee oí the Whole on the state of the Union,
to which the Independent Treasury bill was te-
ferred ]
Mr. YORKE of New Jersey.
Messrs. JONES, TITUS, and HOFFMAN, oí
New York.
Mr TOUCEY of Connecticut.
Mr. TILLINGHA&T of Rhode Island.
Messrs CUSHING, ORENNELL, ADAMS,
PHILLIPS, LINCOLN, and BRIGGS, of Massa-
chusetts
Mr. WILLIAMS of New Hampshire.
[Mr. J W. Williams presented the petition of
M L. Atkinson, and one hundred and stxty-fcur
others students of Dartmouth College to rescind
the resolution of the 27th of December, and permit
the memorials of the people to be heard ]
Mr. FAIRFIELD of Mame
The House then took its daily recess
FVFNING SESSION
The House met at half past three o'clock, ac-
cording to the order, and went into Committee of
the Whole for the consideration of the bill to esta-
blish certain post routes and discontinue others
The sections of the bill were read in order, ac-
cording to the States in which the routes were
located, and various amendments were proposed,
of merely local interest, occupying nearly the
whole session.
Mr HOPKINS moved an amendment, appro-
priating  two hundred and rwinty-five thousand
dollars to carry Into effect the provisions of the
bill
Mr H alluded to the condition of the Post Office
Department, and said that owing to the extension
of facilities to the country, and the extraordinary
embarrassments of the times, it would be impossi-
ble to establish new routes from the present re-
sourcss of the office, and it might even be necessary
to discontinue some of those already established, if
aid were not granted from the Treasury. He
should be opposed to the passage of the bill unless
means were afforded to carry it into effect.
Mr WISE objected to the appropriation, and
alluded to the reports of the Postmaster General,
with an allegation that they weie inconsistent and
contradictory The first report, he said, stated the
Department was in debt near half a million of
dollars Tie second report stated, that, as if by a
magic wai.d, order had been brought out of con-
fusion, and solvency from bankruptcy The report
at the called session, or at the commencement of
this one, stated that the Tost naster General could
sustain ins Dtpartmert upon his own resources,
and that he needed no aid from the Treasury If
all this was true, how could it be that this appro-
priation was necessary. He was inclined to be-
lieve that the Postmaster General was hoarding his
resources, to be used for electioneering purposes,
and he would not trust this sum of money to him
to be used for electioneering purposes; for the ap-
plication of it to the creation of new post routes
was perraissory, and not obligatory.
Tne debate was briefly and incidentally con-
tinued till a quarter past eight o'clock, when, with-
out coming to any decision, the committee rose and
reported progress , and
The House adjourned
( OMMTTTLH ON  1HB l'l 111 ION OP 1    I'   BLAIR
Ml. McKAY
HOPKINS
THOMAS
HAMER
HOFFMAN
The   following is  the order under  which the
above committee was appointed
Oxfot-d, That m much of the memorial of
Frangí P. Blair, as invites a scrutiny of all his ac-
count? tor work executed (or Congress and the
public offices, be referred to a select committee
uiih iiistiu^'ion lo inquire into the manner
in uhieh the public printing for Congress and
the Executive Depaitmenls has been executed,
whether tne sime lias been done conformably to
law, and whether any and what change can be
made for the public good
IN SENATE
Monday, June 18, 1838
Mr BUCH \NAN presented six memorials from
the citi/ens of Philadelphia county and city,
urjrag ths propriety of immediately passing the
Sub-Tieasury bill, and manifesting a strong indis-
position to the establishment oí a United States
Bank  laid on the table.
Mr B also pi ese n ted a petition from sundry
citizens of Philadelphia, praying that no interna-
tional copy rylit law may be passed referred to
the Committee on Patents.
Also, a petition from ceitam citizens of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, praying that a diplomatic agent
may be si.nt to Hayti, and commercial regulations
entered into with that Republic    laid on the table
Mr HUBBARD presented the petition of the
widow of Roger Alden, of the Revolutionary army,
praying a pension- referred to the Committee on
Pensions
Mr TALLMADGE, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to which had been referred the
bill for the relief of Don Cailos Dehault Delassus,
late Spanish Lieutenant Governor of the district of
Baton Rouge, m West Florida, reported the same
with an amendment
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Sho-ba-aies, a Potta-
watamie Indian, asking confirmation of a grant of
land concurred in
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, íeported the bill from the House
of Representatives for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of —— Lathrop, without amendment.
Mr. PRENTISS moved to recommit the bill
from the House of Representatives, for the relief of
James H. Bradford, which had been adversely
reported on, which was agreed to
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been referred the reso-
lution of the Legislature of Arkansas, praying the
passage of a law authorizing patents to be issued
for lands confirmed under Spanish grants, was
instructed by said committee to ask to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the same,
which was concurred in.
Mr TALLMADGE asked the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to bring in a bill to abolish im-
prisonment for debt m certain cases. He had
hoped that the Committee on the Judiciary would
have presented a bill for that purpose, but he was
aware that there might be a difference of opinion
as to its adop'ion He alluded to the strange
anomaly winch existed on this subject in New
York, where, though the citizen is exempt from
imprisonment for debt by the laws of the State,
he is incarcerated under process from the United
States courts, and where the subject has been
deemed worthy the piesentment oí a grand jury.
Mr. T appealed to the Senate to unite with him to
wipe this foul blot from the statute books of the
nation.
Mr. GRUNDY, the chairman of the Committee
on the Judiciary, expressed his willingness to act
on it with as little delay as possible He felt
strongly inclined to favor the measure, though the
consent of the Senate might be obtained to act on
it without a leference The bill was short, and
provided only for those States where imprisonment
for debt was already abolishi d
The "bill to abol sh imprisonment for debt in
cutun cises" bavirj ' een lead,
Mr. TALLM\Di-.E sail son c Senators had
suggested that it had bitter be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judici.iy. The bill was accordingly
refei red.
The North Eastern Boundarj question was then
called up by Mr BUCHANAN, who addressed
the Senate at length, and was followed by Messrs.
DAVIS and WILLIAMS
At five o'clock the Senate went into Executive
session, and then
Adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, June 19, 1838
Petitions Mere, on leave, presented by Mr
ADAMS and M>-   FRY.
[Mr Fay presented sundry memorials from c.li-
kens of the city and county of Philadelphia, veiy
numerouMy signed, pra> mg for the passage of the
Independent Treasury bill Said memorials were,
on Mr F's motion, committed to the same Com-
mittee of the Whole to which was committed the
said bill, and oidered to be printed ]
TEXAS
Mr. ADAMS asked leave lo submit a resolution
calling on the President for certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Mississippi.
Objection being made, Mr A moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, on v hich the vote was—yeas only
55, so that the motion did not prevail
Mr A then made a request to the delegation
from Mississippi for a copy of the paper
Mr A resumed his remarks on the report of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs on the subject of
Texas, under the motions to recommit with instruc-
tions as given in Saturday evening's Globe Mr.
A continued during the residue of the hour, and
ga\ e way, wi hout concluding, to tha call by Mr
Camerei eng for the orders of the day
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings, transmitting a report of the expendi-
tures on the Treasury building during the pa^t
year.
On motion of Mr LINCOLN, referred to the
Committee on the Public Buildings
INDEPENDENT TREASURY
On motion of Mr  CAMBRELENG, the Home
