4m -r-r
the committee rose and reported the bilt to the
Housa.
And at a quarter past seven,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,'
Tuesday, June 19, 1838.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a commu-
nication from the Navy Department, in obedience
to a Senate resolution of the 16th instant, with a
copy of the proceedings of the naval court martial
held at Gosport, on the case of Captain William
Ramsay, and with Ihe subsequent correspondence:
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORRIS said that he arose for the purpose
of asking the indulgence of the Senate, an indul-
gence which, on former occasions, had been granted
to members in noticing paragraphs in public prints
which impugned either their honesty or honer as
members of this body. He found in one of the
morning papers of the city, the National Intelli-
gencer, a publication, under the editorial head, cen-
suring the course which his colleague and himself
had deemed it their duty to take wilh regard to the
bill proposing to grant leave to a society, or com-
pany of gentlemen who have united together, to
ersct a monument to the memory of Washington
upon a poition of the public ground in this city.
Mr. M. said he did not rise in defence of himself,
for he did not considerihathibindividualorpolitic.il
standing with his constituents depended, in the least
degree, on any lying spirit which might be found
in the mouth of the prophets of this modern Ahab.
Frail as his claim on public favor might be, he
was unwilling to trust it to such guidance; for, like
their great prototype, these followers generally found
the end of their path destructive to their hopes. But
when his conduct here as a Senator was implicated,
it reached further than himself; it affected those who
sent them; and he fell it a duty which he owed to them
tocorrecti-ioh misstatements as thepaperbefore him
contained. The editors had asserted that the two Se-
nators fiom, Ohio thought fit to hazard some very
serious imputations against the managers of the
Monument Association. This charge, though
made in the nature of an insinuation, he said, was
unfounded m fact, and untrue m its deductions.
Him nor his colleague (who he was glad to see
about talcing his seat) had made no imputations
against the managers. Por himself, he did not
know who they were, or whether there were ma-
nagers at all. He had spoken only of the money
which it steme.l the society or their agents had re-
ceived, and of the impropriety of connecting the
Government with the abstractions or speculations
of companies or mere private individuals. What,
then, did he hazard, or what imputation did he
make"! No specific allegation is made in this pub-
lication as to the charge he is said to have made,
because there was no foundation on which it could
rest, it would be remembered by the Senate that
when the bill was called up by the honorable chair-
man on the District business, [Mr. Roane,] that
his colleague inquired if any information had been
furnished ihe committee as to the amount of funds
the sociely had collected for the purpose; and we
were mlormed that $30,000 was tha sum stated.
His colleague, as well as other members, felt
surprised at the smallness of the sum, when it
was a well known fret that the colleetiBg
agents of the society had traversed every portion
of th<; United States, for the purpose of soliciting
and receiving donations; his colleague had suggest-
ed his doubts as to the correctness of the informa-
tion ihat £.30,000 only had been received, and had
stated, at some length, his reasons for such doubts;
his colleague believed that more than that sum had
been collected in Ohio alone; he concurred in this
opinion, because he had understood from the same
source that upwards of $1000 had been paid or
subscribed by the people of his own county. The
object of his colleague and himself was io obtain
information on the subject, and he staled expressly
that, if in error, he wished Ihat error to be corrected
from authentic documents, and on that account he
objected to the bill until it was clearly shown how
much money had been taken up, and to what uss it
had been applied. This suggestion, made for the
purpose of information, is construed into hazarding
CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE,
imputations against the managers; but the article
does not stop here. The editors have quoted a
paragraph without giving credit to any paper, ana
he, Mr. M. had the right to consider this adopted
child of the editors' as their own, and for which
they were willing to be answerable. In that quota-
tion, it is stated that "Messrs. Morris and Allen
of Ohio, indirectly, and yet quite positively, charged
the managers of the association with swindling;
they said that they had accounted for $30,000 only
when it was an ascertained fact that more than that
amount had been collected in Ohio alone."
This is not any thing like a true and correct represen-
tation of what he said, but is a misrepresentation
both groundless and false; he had stated his opinion
only as to what had been collected in his own
county; a county which might be considered almost
third rate in wealth and means; yet he believed
that county had contributed liberally, and if a fair
sample of the rest of Ohio, he had no douht of the
correctness of his colleague's opinion. The reason
why he believed a liberal contribution had been
taken up in Ohio, was that the Governor of the
State had given notice by way or form of procla-
mation, that money was required for the election of
the contemplated monument,|and was to be collected
by contribution. The people were half inclined
lo believe the requirement legal, and as the Sheriff
of his county had been charged with, or undertaken
the collection, money was given without much in-
quiry. The sheriff had forwarded by him [Mr. M.]
a sum of money which he had paid over in this
city to some gentleman who he believed called him-
self agent, orsomesuch official name; butinhiseoun-
ty it was not mere subscriptions, as he understood
the game, but the actual money was paid, and the
name of the donor taken down, who was told that
the names of all who contributed would be
inscribed on a roll, and preserved in the. monu-
ment. It was this extraordinary mode of levying
contributions upon ths people, under the influ-
ence of the name of Washington, that first
drew his attention to the subject. He doubted
then, and he still doubted, whether this money
would ever be disposed of or applied, according to
the intentio.i of the donors; but he had viewed it
as a mere private concern—one of those nume-
rous devices for raising money, with which the
country is almost literally inundated. But it is
now attempted to engraft it upon the action of
Congress; and he insisted that it was the duty of
the managers, before they made this attempt, to have
shown the actual stale of their funds, and in what
manner, and from whom, the same had been col-
lected. Ho was not willing, for one, to attach the
honor of his country to a scheme which, for aught
he knew, might have been carried on by means of
deception and fraud. Yet this reasonable request
had been trumpeted by the morning paper as mak-
ing a grave charge, or at least as casting imputa-
tions. All he said, he had stated at the time, was
from information, and he yet believed the
same to be correct, and he should continue to be-
lieve so until the public is furnished • with full,
clear, and satisfactory accounts from authentic do-
cuments on the subject. But sir, (said Mr. M.) to
avoid all misrepresentations as to what he now
said, (though he was well convinced that was a
vain hope,) he would again read the paragraph.
[Here Mr. M. read the paragraph alluded to.]
And he would now ask if the representatives from
a sovereign State are to be thus charged with hav-
ing made an unfounded imputation, which the pa-
per before him asserts, and which in the abundance
of its patriotism in money matters, it undertakes to
reprove, without furnishing the least evidence to
ihe contrary of the suggestions made; and without
any explanation, on his part, suffer this charge to
go to the world'!    He thought not.
Sir, said Mr. M. the remarks of my colleague,
as well as those made by himself, seem to be a
bitter pill to certain gentlemen who are wishing to
connect the aid and influence of the Government
to their (as yet concealed) private undertakings;
he was glad the dose was beginning to operate,
and he hoped it would cause the contents to be
thrown up to public view; and those who had been
roaming over the country making collections, or
had been the means of making such collections,
might disgorge their ill-gotten wealth,, if what he
feared should turn out to be true. He had no
idea of using the mantle of Government, like the
mantle of charity, "to cover a multitude of sins."
But, sir, said Mr. M. we have another beautiful
specimen of the kindly feelings of the gentlemen
engaged in this monumental affair, towards the
Senate, as well as towards the Administration it-
self. This precious production is, over the signa-
ture of "G. Watterson, Secretary," and states as
a direct charge* that the Senate of the United States
has refused to grant a small portion of the' public
ground, within the city, necessary for a site for a
monument to the Father of his Country. Who this G.
Watterson, Secretary, is, he said, he did not know,
nordidhecare; with him asan individual he had no
concern whatever. This notice he considered as
the act of the Board of Manageis; it was, he pre-
sumed, issued by their authority, and he still con-
sidered it a libel on the Senate. He would not,
however, enter into any comparison between the
patriotism of the Senate and their regard for the
fame of Washington, aDd this monumental Board
of Managers. He said it was evident to hi  mind
that the object and design of this publication was
to produce political effect. • It was well known that
a majority of the Senate were the friends of the
present Administration, and if this article could
impress the public mind with the belief that thoss
who sustained the Administration had no regard
for the memory of Washington, he had no doubt
it was expected it would lend to promote individual
and party views. It was a kind of left handed
blow to injure the Administration and its friends in
the Senate,.by charging them with meanness in re-
fusing to accede to the wishes of the society. Al
such attempts he viewed as springing from unwor-
thy motives, and they are most commonly made
by men who have been turned out of official sta-
tions for some unworthy act. But he feared there
was another motive, besides veneration for the
name of Washington, that prompted the agent.-;
and managers of this project to be so ardent
in their endeavors to link themselves and scheme
to the public concerns of the country. They
were reported as having thirty thousand dol-
lars only. This sum they could easily expend
in the foundation, or even the first corner stone,
of the monument. They could devise a plan
for the superstructure that would require millions
for its completion; and if they could make this affair
a Government concern, they would insist, nodoubt,
that the country would be disgraced if the building
was not completed; and Congress would be solicited
and urged to made appropriations for the purpose,
by all the force of speech and the blandishments of
parties. Millions would be thus called for, and, in
his opinion, appropriated, if the scheme now in
operation can succeed, to be expended by a prívale
corporation, whose dependants, friends, and followt
ers would grow rich in the progress of the work. I;
was imputing nothing to say this might be the case-
for it would be found, he believed, in every instance
in which the Government had undertaken to enter
into any kind of partnership with either compa-
nies or individuals, Uncle Sam was sure to bear
the expense, let who might reap the profits. He
was totally averse to the'Government having any
thing to do in this matter, or any other in which
individuals were also to be concsrned as partners.
It was this that induced him to move the postpone-
ment of the bill.
The charge in the last paragraph which he
had read, as to the refusal of,the Senate "to
grant a small portion of public ground," &c. he
thought came with an ill grace from a body of men
who had made no exhibition nor furnished any
data by which the amount of money in their hands
could be ascertained. The charge against him
was publicly made, and he had a right to ask the
society to make a public exhibition of their books,
papers, and proceedings, that we might be able to
judge whether its own claim to puiity was or
was not well founded, and to show that no part
of the donations made was still sticking to their
fingers, or found in the palms of the hands of some
who had received money on this accouat, before
their friends undertook to censure others for asking
for information.   Wltea tfie Society had volunta-
