CONGRESSIONAL. &LOBE!.
£5th Coic ..,."....í2nd Sess.
MONDAY, JULY 2, 1838.
Volume 6,..........No. 30.
BY BLAIR & RIYES.
[Continued ftgm No, 29 ]
ejui'y demanded that tt should at least go to an
impartial cornmittee.
Messrs. WRIOHT, RIVES, CALHOUN, and
BUCHANAN, advocated its reference to (he Com-
mtKee ob Foreign Relations, oa the ground that it
involved questions of high import in regard lo our
foreiga relations.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky urged that it should
take thatcoursu whiGb, if possible, should obtain
the unanimous approbation of the Senate, union of
action being more important than any particular
manner of action.
Mr WILLIAMS said that he would gladly
yield to the wishes expressed by Senators, and
withdraw his proposition to refer tins bill toaseiect
committee, and iherehy secure that unanimity of
action upon this important subject «hit h Senators
regardas exceedingly desirable; but seeing the late
that awaits the bill, if reitired io the Committee on
Foreign Relations, he could not comply with those
wishes without disregarding the instructions pi his.
State, under which he was acting. Whatever
(night be the decision of the Senate upon the qn<>s-
tion of reference, he should be disposed to acqui-
esce in it¡ and he felt confident that Mame would
see in the discussions that had been had upon the
question of her boundnry, a disposition in the
Senate of the United States to understand tht
mente of her claims, and a patiiotic and roolute
determination to maintain them and tin integrity
of the State to their full extent.
The bill was referred to the Committee on fo-
reign Relations.
The Senate adjourned, after an Executive session
HOUSE OF REPRFSENTAT1VS,
Thursday, June 21, 1B38.
M,r, HOFFMAN asked to be excused fiom
serving on the select committee appointed on the
memorial  f Mr. Blair. Mr. H. stated, as a ruason
for the lecjuest he made, that he was now a mem-
ber of the Committee on Fon ign Affairs, and if the
question uow under coHMdeiation on the it'port oí
that committee should prevail, the leading, eon-
sideung, and digesting oí so many raemoria's, te-
monstrances, resolutions, and o her papéis on the
subject of the annexation ot Texas, would con lumc
a great deal ol their time for the balance ol the ses-
sion. Moreover, there was much other business
befpjfe thai committee, m which his constituí m-,
were deeply lntefested, and for these reaV-ms, there-
lore, he prayed the Hou!>e to excuse him, which
was agreed to, and the vacancy directed to be idled
up.
Mr. IIAMER asked a similar favot of the
Mouse, not on the «found of having muth press oí
business upon his hands, but because he ccpeited
to be absent beiore the end of the sesMon. Mr II
was consequently excused, and the vacancy order-
ed to be filled by the Chair
Mr- PAYNTER, on leave, presented a petition
from Philadelphia, as wef nndeistood, m favor ot
the Sub-Treasury bill, and the proceedings ot a
public meeting against it, which were referred to
the same Committee of ihe Whole having charge
of that bill, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YORKE, also, on leave, presented a pe
tition.
TEXAS.
Mr ADAMS lesumed his lemaiks m oppis,-
tion to the report of the Committee op foreign Af-
fairs on the annexation of lexas, and in support oi
the motion to recommit it with ceitam i«s>ructions
as heretofore printed Mr. A. again gave way,
without concludmsr to the ordeis of the day.
The amendment of the Senate (being merely a
verbal one) to the bill relating to the Oiphan's
Court of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia,
wan, ©n motion of Mr. CAMBRELENGf, concur-
red in.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The House again went into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr  CONNOR
-WEEKLY-
PRIOE $1   PER SESSION.
m the c'«air, on the above  bill, the pending ques-
tion being on striking out the enacting clause
Mr PRENTISS of Mississippi, who was enti-
tled to the floor, gave way to
Mr DUNCAN, who, by leave, laid on the table
the following amendment, which he gave notice he
shoo Id move to that of Mr. Thompson, heretofore
printed
Provide I, That m no event shall any bank be se-
lected as a depository of the pubhc monev, or the
notes of any bank be received m payment ot the
public dues, in which bank anv member of Con-
gress is a stockholder, or of winch any such mem-
ber is an officer, director, agent, oi a'torney, at the
time of the passage of this act, oi at any ti ¡e
when solicitations oí banks as depo-sitoiies an to
be made, or the notes ol banks tendered in pay-
ment of the public due , and if, arter anv bank
has been selected as a depositor, or the not  sol
any bank have teen received in pij menl of the
public dues, any member ot the preseut Congi  ss,
or any men<bci of Congtess lor the lime being,
shall become a stockholder in, or an officer, diiec
tor, agent, or a t rney, ot such bank, it shall be
the duty of (he Secietary ot the Tieasury forth-
with to discontinue such bank as such depository,
and to discontinue the ltctipt ol die notes of suoi
bank m pajmeitt ot the public dues
Mr PllLNllbb then resumed the course of his
rt marks in «ppositu n to the bill, and, w ithout con-
cludingjcoiilinued tul the House, at two o'clock,
look the usu ilieccss
L \ h MM    ^I SMOi
At  Un-   Usinl  hi iu  to    House* met, and went
again into Coil mutee loi the consideration of the
INDLPKNDKM' IRCASl'iiY BILL
Mr FRLNII-jS ie uuicd, and continued to ad-
diess the cmiimti e, till nc u .i\ o'clock, when he
cone uded.
Mr RIIfTTthin tcok the door, and moved that
the committee rise, but i cm sai ted to vuthdiaw the
mown, if Mi HU.Ni.LEt, who rose at the same
time, was pu pared, and des ad to go on at that
lime
The motion to rise, being cal'ed lor, was put,
r.nd bun,  l Ian '> l els, tl iy n( oiled ayes C7,
noes bO 1 lie. i_ihiu vote! ,a the negative, so the
motion lo n p w is lou
Mt IIUM'LU tnin piou  d xl for some time to
addiLss theiumim lit i i ia/ir oí the bill, when he
¡.ave vv ay to
Mi JlOi K'iSS, who moved thai the ce mraittee
risi, which, i union pin ul d
On motion 11 Mi DUNCAN, the «ar. ndmenl,
piopo.td by bint, lo be otleied «hen it should be
m oi da, was unlcred o oe punted
Mr SlILt'LLIt presented a memoria', which
relime ' to the Committee on C u us
On n oticn,
Ihe llou i mea nojom led
IN SEN X t L\
THt-kvuAi, Juneai, 1838
The journal it   h. Seinte having been lead,
Mi  Lb All ¡UN it'll on' his seat and said
Mr Pierden , 1 have, tin ugn a long couise ot
pub! c lile, „cmiil}  lome  in silenee the many
gliss iiiiSiepRsuitaiiot s wh eh have been levelled
against m> cnaia. iti tun ugh ti emedium of news-
pa) ers     ILm ttlieel upon  mj  con ¡uot as, suiii-
cient to put down lase ímouuttm and  slundei
But a c, e has now atistn «hich, to n y mind, de-
mand)  mj noiicc
From the time i took my seat m the Senate up
to the present niutning nothing which I have sa d
in debate here has, beeu correctly reported in the
columns of the National Intelligencer, except when
coirected by m> self I have not only on see eral
occasions been represent! to speak mnsaise which
Inevei vtleied, but more than once what I did say
has been so perverted, as elirectly to reverse my real
opinions But having no personal unkind feelings
to either editors or reporters of that paper, and j
knowing of no cause of unkind leelmgs from them to
me, I have passed over these errois m a spirit ot
forbearance, and without public complaint. I
have, however, read in. the Intelligencer of this
morning, what purports to be a repo t of the dis-
cussion which took place m the Senate, en tne 7th
instant, on the bill making appropriation* ler the
suppression of Indian hostilities, and so >ur as my
lame is connected with the iepi t, maiuestn
justice has been done me I im n t only pie^, nt-
ed in a manner to place me out oi. j t ne pomUon,
ou that occasion, but I am represented as hav,  g
contradicted my oil in the pu ence of t is S i«tp,
by alternately admitting, <nid denying, thit the pro-
positions of ihe faecretaiy ol \V , wrre intended
to allow the Indians two years long i 'i .,e o re-
main in the States Tl is is u'o"j false I eon-
tended throughout the whoe cVcj s on, tin ihe
object if the Coiernnun m tr\ir^ o coi i. ate
Ross, was not to c1 'i\,nut (ti r to 1"" i thj
removal of the Indiai s ii)eict,<ti' h i o i'v
time asked tiom the im.it s i .si i w i i m rl'
be required bj ft imandy, ail c' - r ^ i u io the
reasonable comlortof tie l.icn
Moicover,lhe debate, as íepoit  I in i e in c u-
gencti, seems to place mr in the lig .t ci luivirg
unkindly attacked the Govcnc r ol  Georgia, and
oi having provoked a reply flora tne Senator froi i
feouih Caiulma, [Mr. PietsroN ]    No i I cffal l >
the Senate, and   to  )ou,   Mr.  Pros le i*,   ^   s y
whether the whole of my íemirks \ ere r i  n   ll
nature of a reply to the Senate  "Yo-1! Pouth Ca e
lina, as heretolort repoi i_d imt'ci my  in n cc r vc-
lion     And to th s Seni'c I appe  1 loi Inc 'cci r c
of the repon, as i^nccted bj m\«ell     My)e«ia'k3
punsist chiefly of a statement  oi   1 ic s,  no ni  of
which, as sanctioned bj n e, his or c n ' c  eomio
verted
I should no! ha* e s-id i word on ti  iccasco
re Jelied to, but ioi tl eiem nl tl leSn ' no n
Soulh Carolina, which I consil r d ?s i j in
unjustihahle bearing on ihv, 4.em rn trill n as
well as myself
My object was, in the u scusmoji leferred to, to
place all the important ¡acts befoie ihe Suia'e and
the country—without any des gn whatever to a"t
unkindly to an) one whaLv.. And I no / m i< y
place, deiy any human lem/ vvnatevei, to e ¡it < -
vert successlully the tiuthif iny 1 let stated n my
remaikson tnesubjict, asrtpi ud undci rayu'in
co rection I\v ii not qu oil^'sufler mj ell o i this
subject, to b'borne down b) ¡ ew pnpor iiipii-
t ons and tns nuatii ns, fouic'cdii l<] h od ->i J
a "pi.it ufmisiepi seitilioi ll 1 1 "'e er   d ir
this whole matur, (which Í den},) I t K fir di-ect
and tangible diaiges Í am read) It mcetalsich
charges
Mi McKCAN presen'ed 'lie pu cec ' a/-, tnd re-
fclulionsol a meeli go! IV nocí ale c t ¿ens of
the city and county of Phi' delph ", oi ll e subjee'
of the Inde-perdont Treasuiy bill pending before
Congress, the nomination oí Bav d It Porter for
the office c f Governor an! the mterftrenc  of Go-
vernment office holléis ii pi iriiy a <-cmt ft oí
the peop'e ordered t( t e   n the f >bí  a 11 be f in ed
Mr BUC11 \\ V\ pie eniei fotu mrmonals
fie m citizens of Phil'delfhii con  \ mile li,m
fivoi of the passive of th - I h pender Irea ury
bi 1, and agamsi ti t ncori ontion oi a \=Uioral
Bank ¡a d on thf table
Mr WALL presented th" jeu en of Marsl al
A Mathias, prajmg'o beneci fleet <t t1 c 1 ss
ot a schoonei, vie Ted «hue c g^ ed m transport-
ing provisions f< r th unite la1 tes referred to the
Committee e>n Pensions
Mr MORRIS presen <■ I the petition of certain
citizens of Ohio, asking lor the es abhshmert of a
post route relened lo the Committee on Post Offi-
ces and Post Roads
Mr. M also presented documents, lelatmg to the
claim of Catharine White, which were referred to
the Committee on Pensions
Mr. KING presented the petition of W W
fry, praying to be allowed so import two iroa
