474
The bill to authorue the payment of invalid
pensions in certain cases.
The bill for the renef of Joseph Bassett.
The b'll for the rebel of Dennis Trammell.
The bill for the relief of William Berry.
1 he bill granting a pension to David Waller.
The bill for paying certain pensioners at Tusca-
loosa, in the State ot Alabama.
Tne bill for the relief of William Cooley.
The bill for the relief of William Posey
The bill for the relief of Samuel Crapm.
The bill for ihe relief of John S. Billings
The bill for the íehef of Eli Eastman.
The bill granting a pension to Bradley Drew
Gipson
The bill granting a pension to Neil McNeal.
Thi" bill for the relief oí Amos Thompson
The bill for the relief of Solomon Ketehur
The bill for the íehef of Simeon Smith, of the
State of New Hamp&hne.
Tne bill granting a pension to Frederick Hill.
Tne bill foi the relief of Christopher Denmson.
The bill for the relief of Anna West, of the
State of Massachusetts,
The bill (or the relief of Josiah Clark.
The bill for the benefit of Challes Coffin
The bill granting a pension to Seth Whitney, of
the county of Delaware, Slate ot New Yorn
The bill granting a pension to Catharine Rollins,
o'liennse called Catharine Mosely
The bill graining a pension to Thomas West, ot
the Ibtdte of Alabama
The bill for the reLef of a fiee colored man.
Tne b,ll granting a pension to Frederick Hill.
The bill tor the relief of James McCarlan
The bill granting a pension to Robert Casey.
The bill lor the relief of Leonard Loomis.
The bill lor the relief of Juan Pelgar
An act directing the Commissioner of the Gene-
ral Land Office to ascertain the quantity of land
covered by grants made to Anthoney Shane and to
Louis Godfroy, in section 16, township 4 south,
range 2 east, in Lima district, and its value.
A n act to amend an act entitled " An act for the
ult f of Raphael Paine and Elias Arnold," ap-
proved March 2, 1833
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Parsons
[Laid on the table j
The bill for the relief of Daniel Marsaqutf
The bill granting to the legal representatives of
John Smith r the rjght of pre-emption.
The bill to liansfer lo the citizens of the parish of
C >nr nha, in the Shite ot Louisiana, the interest of
the United Slates in a tract of land
The bill to authon?e the Pi evident of the United
Slues to cause patents to be issued to the persons,
and for the lands, therein named [La'd 0n the
tal'e ]
The bill for the relief of Laurent Millaudon, of
N w Orleans
The biU for the relief of William Jones
The biU for tb„ íehef of Jane Waller
The Seiate adjourned ovei to Monday
HOUfsi: OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Sucrday, June 2J, 1833
Mr LINCOLN, on leive, from the Committee
oi the Public Building , reported the following leso-
lution
Resolved, That the President of the Um'ed States
be requested lo inform this House whether, in re-
suming the work upon the new Treasury building,
it s intended that any portions of the walls, at
their northern and southein extremities, are to be
removed, or are to be extended and connected at
the noitn with the walls of the buikhng occupied
by the State Department, or whether the latter
building is to be taken down, or such alterations
made therein as materially to change its exterior or
mterier structure, and, if so, in what manner and
at vi hat cost, and that he be requested to lay be-
lore the House a definite and descriptive plan of
i-e elevation and dimensions of the Treasury
wlding, ao the same, on his approval, is to be
prosecuted to Us completion, with an estimate of
the whole cost of the building, including any alte-
rations which, in connection therewith, are to be
made m the building of the State Department, and
'n the grading of the contiguous street, and the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
construction of the necessary walls and culverts to
protect the foundation of the building, asd render
the approach thereto, and the occupation thereof,
appropriate and convenient.
Mr. L asked its present consideration.
Mr. KEIM objected, because he was opposed to
renewing the old controversy on the Treasury
building at this late period of the session, and also
because it might have the effect of again throwing
the workmen out of employment who had been re-
engaged.
Mr. LINCOLN moved a suspension of the rules.
Mr WILLIAMS of North Carolina call'd for
the yeas and nays, but
Mr. KEIM, on hearing the resolution read again,
remarked that, as it was meiely a call for informa-
tion, he would withdraw his objection, wh«reupon,
the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. CARTER made an ineffectual attempt to
make the bills extending the pension system to
western warriors the special order for Thursday
next.
TEXAS
Mr. ADAMS proceeded in his remarks on the
report of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, in re-
lation to the annexation of Texas, and was refer-
ring to the right of slaves to petition, and the pro-
ceedings in the House last Congress upon his ten-
dering a petition of that character, stating that he
should have no hesnation in presenting a petition
from a slave, if his memorial was properly couched,
and on a proper subject, or something to this
effect. Mr. A. was proceeding in this line of re-
mark, when
The SPEAKER called him to order, saying that
the remarks were irrelevant lo the subject under
consideration
Mr. ADAMS said he was putting an ex-
treme case, by way of illustration, which was in
order.
The SPEAKER again reminded Mr. A. that he
was out of order.
Mr LEGARE rose, and said he felt compelled
to call the gentleman from Massachusetts to order,
and cries of order weie heard in various parts of
the House
Mr ADAMS called upon the Speaker to reduce
the disorderly word* to writing, and appealed from
the derision ol the Chair
The SPEAKFR said the Chair could not be
called upon to reduce lemaiks made cut of order to
writing It had never been known, either by any
rule, or by parliamentary usage, and if such a
course could be sustained, it would continually
bring the Chur into conflict with members, and
would render it impossible for the House to pro-
ceed with its business.
Several members referred to the twenty-third rule
of the House, which lpquues that disorderly words
shall be reduced to writing.
The SPEAKER said he was perfectly aware of
that rule, and it applied to cases where one mem-
ber called another to order for disorderly or person-
al remarks, and not to the Speaker, when he called
a member to ortler for irrelevant remarks, for the
rule says the Spfaki r shall call members to order,
and makes it imperatively his duty
Mr ADAMS called for the reading of the rule
by which the Spfaker called him to order, and re-
fused to reduce the objectionable remarks to writ-
ing.
The SPEAKER read the rule requiring that a
member "shall conhne himself to the question un-
der debate," and said he had called the gentleman
from Massachusetts to order for irrelevancy m de-
bate As he was about to put the question on the
appeal from the decision of the Chair,
Mr. ADAMS again insisted upon having the
words reduced to writing.
Cries of "order1" "order1"
The SPEAKER directed Mr. Adams to take his
seat.
Mr. ADAMS continued to hold the floor, and
persisted in demanding that the words should be
reduced to writing, and said he would then appeal,
but he would not appeal from the decision m the
form in which the Speaker had put it
The SPEAKER then put the question upon the
■      "  ■.............  in  un    in i   i    .     ii......               'I "■      '           "        ■■
appeal; and the decision, of the Chair was sustain-
ed—yeas 115, nays 36, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs John W. Allen, Anderson, Andrewa Ather.
erton, Aycngg, Banks, Beatty, Birdsall, Boon, Brodhead, Bmn-
son, Buchanan, Cambreleng, John Campbell, Casey, Chap,
man, Cheatham, Clowney, Connor, Craig, Crary, Crockett,
Cushroan, Davee, Deborry, DeGrafl, Dennis, Dromgoole, Ed-
wards, Elmore, Famngton, Fairfield, Fry, Glascock, Grant-
land, Grant, Gray, Haley, Hamer, Harrison, Hawkins, Havocs,
Hotsey, Hopkins, Howard, Hubtey, Wm H Hunter, Ingham,
Tnomas B Jackson, Jenifer, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W Jones, Keim Klmgensmith, Legare, Lestdbettei',
Lewis, Logan, Loomis, Lyon, Mallory, Martin, -Maury, Max-
well, McKay, Robert McOlellan, Abraham McClellan,McClure,
Menelee, Miller, Montgomeiy, Moore, Morgan, Samuel W.
Morns, Noble, Parker, Parris, Paynter, Peaice, Pennybaekei,
Petnkm, Phelps, Pickens, Plumer, Potter, Pratt, J H Frai-
las, Randolph, Belly, Rencher, Hives, Rumsey, Charles She-
jpard, Shields, Slieplor, Snyder, Southgate, Stuart, Stratton,
Taliaierto, Tnylor, Titus, Toucey, Turner, Vail Vanderveer,
John White, Thomas T Whittlesey, Sherrod Williams, Jarea
W Williams, Word, Worthmgton, Yell, and Yorke—110
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Borden, Briggi, William B Cat-
houn, Carter, Cormn, Cranston, Ctrahing, Darlington, Davies,
Evans, Everett, Ewiné, R Fletcher, Tillmore, Goode, Giennell,
Halsted, Hastings, Hemy, Lincoln, Samson Mason, KcKen
nan, Mitchell, Naylor Ogle, Patterson, Peck, Polts, Reed,
Ridgway, Robinson, Slatlb, Stanly, Tillwghast, and Elislia
Whittlesey—36
So Ihe decision of the Chair was sustained by
the House, and Mr. Adams thus declared to be out
of order.
Mr. BOON then called for the orders of the dav.
ADJOURNMENT OP CONGRESS.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky, on whose mo-
tion the resolution to fix the day of adjournment
was postponed till Friday next, said that, at the
request of a number of gentlemen, whom he was
was willing to accommodate, he would move a re-
consideration of that vote. Prom the proceedings
on the Steamboat bill last night, even under the
melancholy disasters that had recently occurred, it
seemed they could get no vole on any subject; and,
therefore, he thought the sooner the session was
brought to a close the better. He then made the
motion indicated, and asked its consideration at this
time, to which no objection was made.
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts asked for the
yeas and nays, which were ordered
Mr CUSHING and Mr. TITUS severally
made objections, but it was decided to be too late,
though the Chair suggested the entertaining of the
objection, but objection was made to it, and, after
soma conversation,
Mr HOPKINS moved to lay the motion on the
table, on which, at the call of Mr. WILLIAMS,
the yeas and nays being ordered, they were—yea*
64, nays 139.
So the House íefuwd to lay the subject on the
table, and the question recurring on the motion to
reeomidei, it prevailed   yeas 142, nays 61.
The question then recurring back on the original
motion, to postpone till Friday—
Mr. CUSIIMAN moved to postpone it till Thurs-
day next
The CHAIR ruled that the first motion took pre-
cedence.
Mr WILLIAMS then withdrew the original
motion; and remarked that believing the general
sense of the House was in favor of the 9th of
July, though he himself preferred an earlier day,
and as the resolution, a* modified yesterday, pro-
posed that day, he demanded the previous question,
which was seconded \t ithout a division, and the
mam question being oidered thereon—
Mr. DAVEE asked for the yeas and nays,
which, being ordered, were—jeas 145, nays 69.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr McKAY asked leave to submit a resolution
fixing a day for the consideration of the army bill,
but it was objected to
Mr HARLAN also make an appeal to the
House to devote a «hort time to the steamboat bill,
but that was also objected to.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
again went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. CONNOR in the Chair, on
the above bill
Mr KENNEDY continued his remarks in op-
position to the bill until the House, according to
order, look its daily recess.
EVENING  SESSION
The House met pursuant to the order, and went
into Committee of the Whole, at half past three
o'clock, on the
