CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                    ____4*9
reading of the journal and the morning business
wa<¡ dispensed with.
Mr. RUGÓLES, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, to whom was referred the various petitions
in relation to the passage of an international copy-
right bill, made an unfavorable report; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG said he was not in his seat when
the communication from the Secretary of the Trea-
sury was read this morning, and as it was a docu-
ment of great interest, he would move for the
printing of 5,000 extra copies.
Mr. MORRIS opposed the printing as unneces-
sary. The usual number had been ordered, which
he thought would be sufficient for all the uses of
Congress, and he thought it time to check this ex-
penditure of printing documents.
Mr YOUNG replied at length, uigingtheabsolute
necessity of the printing It was not for Congress
that this document was wanted, it was to do an act
of justice to individuals who had been injured
from the circumstance of being reported a*, public
defaulters, when, in fact, they were not so. The
document in question gave the reasons why persons
had been so reported, and it was due to the indivi-
duals that they should be justified m the public
opinion Mr. Y. instanced cases where, to his
knowledge, persons had been represented as de-
faulters to the Treasury long after the money had
been paid, but from some informality, had not
been credited on the books.
Mr. LINN alluJed to the last war, where there
were many cases of a like nature, and he would be
very glad to give his vote to print an exira number
in order that all injurious impressions in relation
to individuals might be removed
Mr. MORRIS contended that no man was a re-
corded defaulter who was not so m fact, or from
inattention and informality in the settlement of his
accounts Mr M said our public omcers were
not so corrupt, nor so inattentive to their public du-
ties, as to record any man a defaulter, when there
was nothing to justify it If there were such, he,
for one, would go for their removal. But the fault
was on the pait of those whose business it was to
render their accounts in proper form and in due
time; and the thanks of the country were due to
those faithful public servants who made these re-
turns.
Mr. YOUNG replied, still maintaining the ne-
cessity of the document going lorth to the world.
If there were gentlemen who thought that five thou-
sand was an extravagant number, he would m mo-
dify his motion as to reduce it to two thousand
extra.
The question on this motion was taken, and the
printing ordered—ayes 21, noes not counted
The bill ior the benefit of the Alabama, Florida,
and Georgia Railroad Company having been read
a third time, and on the question, shall this bill
pass1
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said he should ask for
the yeas and nays He desired to be understood as
having no objection to the p issage of the bill
On the contrary, he meant lo give it his. vote,
but as this bill was very liberal in its principles,
he was desirous that the record of those sustaining
it should be seen.
The yeas and nays being ordered, were—yeas 28,
nays 6, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bayard, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Grundy, Hubbard, King,
Linn, Lumpkin, Lvon, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles,
Norvell, Preston, Roane, Robbms, Robinson, Se-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Tal!-
madge, Trotter, Wall, Webster, White, and
Young—28
NAYS—Messrs Clayton, Davis, Pieice, Pren-
tiss, Ruggles and Swift—6
The following bills were then read a thud time
and passed
The bill for the benefit of Charles Coffin.
The bill granting a pension to Seth Whitney, of
the county of Delaware, State of New York
The bin granting a pension to Catharine Rollins,
otherwise called Catharine Mosely.
The bill granting a pension to Thomas West, of
the State of Alabama.
The bill granting a pension to Frederick Hill
The bill for the relief of James McCarlan.
The bill granting a pension to Robert Casey.
The bill for the relief of Leonard Loorsis
The bill for the relief of Juan Pelgar.
An act directing the Commissioner of the Gene-
ral Land Office to ascertain the quantity of land
covered by grants made to Anthony Shane and to
Louis Godfroy, in section 16,  township 4 south,
range 2 east, in Lima district, and its value
An act to amend an act entitled, "An act for the
relief of Raphael Pame and Elias Arnold," ap-
proved March 2,1833
The bill for the relief of Daniel Marsaque.
The bill granting to the legal representatives of
John Smith T the right of pre-emption.
The bill to transfer to the citizens of the parish
of Concordia, in the State of Louisiana, the interest
of the United States in a tract of land
The bill for the relief of Laurent Millaudon, of
New Orleans
The bill for the relief of Wm Jones.
The bill for the relief of Jane Waller
The bill for ihe relief of Joseph Bassett
The bill for the relief of Dennis Trammell
The bill for the relief of William Berry
The bill grant.ng a pension to David Waller
The bill for paying certain pensioner  at Tusca-
loosa, in the State of Alabama
The bill for the relief of William Cooley
The bill for the relief of William Posey.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Crapm.
The bill for the relief of John S Billings
The bill for the relief of Eli Eastman
The bill granting a pension to Bradley Drew
Gipson
The bill granting a penstoa lo Neil McNeal.
The bill foi the relief of Amos Thompson.
The bill for the lelief of Solomon Kelchur
The bill for ilif relief of Simeon Smith, of the
State of New Hainlihue.
The bill ¿ranting a pension to Frederick Hill
The bill for the rehet of Christopher Dcnnison
The  bill for the rebel of Anna West, of the
State of Massachusetts
The bill for the relief of Josiah Clark
The following bills were severally read the  se-
cond time, and (onsidered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordeted to a third reading
The bill for the relief of Sarah Angel and the
other hcii!> at law of Benjamin King, deceased.
The bill to authorize the issuing of patents to the
last b«na fide transferrer of reservations under the
treaty between the United States and the Creek
tribe of Indians, which was concluded on the 24th
of March, 1832
The bill for the relief of Isabella Hill, widow,
and John Hill, Elizabeth Hill, and Samuel Hill,
children and minor heirs at law of Samuel Hill,
deceased
The bill for the relief of Jane A   Fleming
The bill for the relief of John Hollmgsworth
The bill for the relief of William James Aarons
The b II for the relief of William Walker
The bill foi the relief of Toel Chindler
The bill for the relief of Jame A Williams
The bill fortlia relief of the legal representatives
of Philip Barbom
The bill foi the relief of the heirs of Benjamin
ICmgand Alvarf? Fisk, and the legal representa-
tives of Moses P Eskridge
The bill foi the relief of Abraham Woodall
The bill to authorize the inhabitants of towr-
ship 8 north, range 39 west, in the State of Aikin-
sas, to enter a section of land in lien of the 16th
section, in said township, upon condition that the
•«ame is suirendered to ihe United States for milita-
ry purposes
The bill for the relief of the heir  of James La-
tham, deceased   Hid on t''e table
The bill lo confum claims to laida between ihe
Rio Hondo and Sabine mer .
The bill for the relief of Joseph Cochran
The bill to giant to Cherokee county, Alabama,
the tiaU of land on which the seat of justice of said
county is located
The bill for the relief of James Barrett.
The bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Washita Land District, in the State of Louisiana.
The bill to confirm the sale of certain reserva-
tions of land, laid on the table
On motion of Mr LYON, the Senate took up the
bill to establish a Surveyor General's office fcr the
State of Michigan.
Mr CL4.Y of Alabama offered an amendme-t
as a substitute foi the one offered the other day ' y
Mr. Prentiss, which provides for the disconn-
nuance of the Surveyor General's office m each
and every State where located, as soon as the sur-
veys and records are completed, and the records
nlled, notes etc. are to be dolivcred over to the State
authorities
This amendment being accepted by Mr PREN-
TISS
On' motion of Mr SMITH of Indiana, the
amendment was ordered to be punted, and the bill
was postponed to, and made the ordei of the day
for,---------next
The Senate then went into Executive sejs on,
and soon after,
Adjourned
JIOU^C Or RrPRESENTMIvE ,
Tuesday, Juno 21, 183-S
Mr STONE on leave, submitted the fo io ng íes ' i lop
which was agreed lo
Resolved Xnatlhe C-onmitlcc in AI i í \f a i n
ed tolnqulie intot pevpelcnc tfl ci "l r ¡ iy of
lunteeisoi dra I dmill limen wa   -it,     \          ^yhueil^    e
1 called mtolh service ot th l intuida > o 03 \ hm
or may hereaftei be employed by the Cuieial C ovemment
for the purpose of removing the Oi eroktes 011 oí the tstatt s 01
Georgia, North Carolina} Tennessee, and Alabama aid settling
them west of the Mjsslssi( pi, as well as thoae volunteers ho
have just returned home from Tlorldu 01 -who may herea tei
be received into the service of the United Slates for eithei of the
foregoing purposes
Mi JOHNSON of Louisiana submitted the following v  itch
was agreed to
Hetolved, That the Committee 01 the Ju bmry be instruct
el to inquire into the ex fíe hency of redi cmglhc fees illow< dty
law to the Qeiks, Marshals and Distrn I Attorney^ 01 the TJ utt d
Slates com u foi the Slate of I oms ana s as to cone po id
Willi the fees lili wed loi Mmitdi serweei in ll e *H tccomtsof
the silt Mite
Mi MARTIN, onleive lul on the tib'e an an pn'menti e
gave notice he should submit to the   bill plow   1 £ fot  11 e
lelnction ml gra ¡nation if the ¡¡nice  >i  the p ib ic !pn '
and u was oidend 1 "> be punte 1
Mi tiOIiniTsONa.'.ipl leave to submi ih ftlliwin  ipso
lution, with 1 vi w to m ixe it the specix! ordei 101 borne e ilj
day
Rtsohed by the Senate and Iro tzeof r^pit rnla z t /
the United k>tate\ of A wuca 11 ( o//b s s nlled ' tí
ihe'secielary of the Ttea«my be diieeud to take sue! "a
sures as he may deem necessar)
I usi To cause, is so a as may be all payments of p il lie
dues, of every d scrtption, and without disci mtin-UK n, tile
made here liter in the cunent com oí the United Kates, 01
Treasury notes, or the notes of banks situated in the fetate,
Tcrmoty, or District wheiem such dues are lei livable and
whose notes are payih'c and paid on demandt n such cuiieni
com
Secondly To cause all public money, as eailya* pracuca
bio aftei it shall be leceived (o be plaeed in the State banks,
prctermig ilways, when such can be nad, those which aie de
positoiiisof ihe Sate, Temtory orDisti c whti m situated,
on conditi )n tint they will agree Í01 leasontbie compensa
lion, not exceeding ouceghth of one per cent to iccuvo Ule
sime on special deposite not to be us d by tin m as a has s
or iund for discounts 01 othciwise n 1 mingle 1 with olh^i
funds to keep and tendel ai counts gnc receipts c certiri
cates permit inspections and exami auons mike p j ments
and uansfera and give col 1 ei U ecuilty lor the sale k epiu0
theieof in itch mannei as may le tequnel ! y 'the b pip
taty oí the Tieasuiy or by the uws ( f the Unite Ibtctes P10
uded Hut no lung herun contained shan V coi unci to
compel such transfer att e e p n eol se bank nc it au
ihorize transfer^ in any case exc pt wi ert the ublic sci
vice or the safety of die funds, ma>  rendei them ne easrr>
Thirdluy To cause ail notes of banks remaining on d ¡ osue
at the 1 ndaf every two months to be converted in 0 Up legal
cmi of the Untied States and be continued or replaced m !e
posite a  aforesaid, and to be drawn Or an 1 it -', so f^r as the
public convenience 01 necessities will admit, m r leference t
ill subsequently acciuing revenue
Mr PLTIUKIN ohiected Í01 he said h could ne\ei con
sentto leta mittei get matthi- wind-iw ti it ougl ttoen ei !>>
tile dooi
Mr ElOBLRT^ON moved a suspension ol the rn e and
a&ked fir the ye is and n ys, v  inch ben 0 otdeied—weveveas
70 navs 123 asfo'tows
YEt-S—Mesáis Al n , I >hn W A ei A-vcii" Bell
liugg lolntthoo" William B Caupbel I ">n O i| b 1 ,
Cartel     Cnanbeib    Cveaham    Chid     I m        C oe'ett
Datlmgton Dawson Dm 1/ebury Dennis Dunn I aac
1 ¡etcher FiUnlore Rice Git ¡and t^t nl 1 1 <Tiav F te 1
Italian Haip 1 Haive  Uoftma 1 Tí ¡ 1 « '1 e Ueniv
ti'inson T gaie Imcoll Jvtn "i-iib'-v Jan ts ^' lUion,
Silicon Ma«on Menefee nlil ig n   t 1 el1 Moiffomei\,
Mo gan, Calvaiy Mo r° Nt> 01 Oale Pac Pope *5e g"ant
S Prentiss, Randen Rand ph R nehcr Ro er son llemtey,
lltissell, Seigeant, Augustine it ^heppe d, Sibley, Southgate,
Stanly Stuatt Stone Taliaierro Thompson To and, John
White, Christopher H Williams, Wise, Word, and Y01 k**— 70
NAYS—Messis Alexander, Heman Allen Anderson An
drews, Atherton Banks, Beatty, Beune, Bicknell, Biddle,
Birdsall, Bond, Borden, Bsuldm, Brodhead Bronson Buchanan,
William B Calhoun, Cambieleng, Casey, Chaney Chap
man, Claik, Coles, Craig,Crary, Cranston,Cushmg, Cushman,
Davee De Graff; Etmore, Evans, Everett, f arrmgton, Fair
field, Richard Fletcher, Foster, Glascock, Goods, James Org
