CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
483
going to have an Indian -war on the Western fron-
tier, nor a British one on the North. He thought
the number proposed by Mr. Thompson to be suf-
ficient, and they were at least as many as could be
raised during the present year. For the protection
of the Western frontier, he was m favor of a cor-
don of posts from the extreme Northwest to the
Sabine.
Mr. MERCER was in favor of part riflemen,
and of dismounting one regiment of cavalry for
that purpose
Mr. REED was xn favor of the smallest number
that was necessary, for he was opposed to a large
increase of the standing army.
Mr. WISE was opposed to the existing bill al-
together, and gave notice of some amendments he
intended to move at the proper stage He did not
deem any increase of the standing army to be at
alt necessary, for he believed that a'l the reports of
apprehensions of war were merely got up by the
Administration and those interested, to augment
the army. He concurred with Mr Thompson that
an increase of the rank and file might be expe-
dient, but he, too, should oppose any addition to
the officers
Mr. YELL was as much opposed to a needless
increase of the army av any one, or to an over-
grown standing army, and would be the fir-a to
resist it when it shall be ¡diown to be dangerous to
the liberties of the country; yet the condition ot the
country, and the Western frontier in patuculai,
imperiously demanded it The same argumenta
now urged were used against this i íeasurt two
years ago, when thete wat. no more piospect oí a
wat in Floi.da than there was a. present on the
frontier It was well known that 'he Indians wirt
making preparation for hostilities, and is in
Florida, we should get ina> a i-v btfore «t vert
prepared for it, utile s the nmy wis inert ase 1 a un
a sufficient force to keep the Indians in awe He
was not, however, ,11 lavor ot <i very lirge in-
crease, nor of an augmentar on ol the s'afi, l'ut he
did desiie to sec the rank and tile, the musketry,
the bone and siiew, increased Thi> was indis-
pensable, for'he Government had plate inivctii
sixty and seventy- thousand Indian wamors on the
"Wc^em lion icr, well armed with rifles and Am-
munition, and it now became its duty, the duty
both of the AduuuMration and the Opposition, to
devise means forprotectmg its own citizens, Mr Y
expatiated upon these points at some length, and
stated that about 3,400 troops, composed ot dra-
goons and light infantry, properly distributed along
the frontier, might be sufficient and he waimly
urged upon the House the nei-ssity ot passing
upon some such measure, and thit speedily
Mr JENIFER advocated also an increase to a
much greater exient than was proposed by some ol
the opponents of the bi'l.
Mr. BELL expressing a wish to addi ess the coin
miltee at length, and presuming the question would
not be taken to-night, but would be to-mo low
moved that the committee rise
Mr. WISE presented his aun ndment informal!)
Mr. McKAY and Mr YELL severally said the)
should oppose the committee's rising, utiles with
the general understanding that the ques'ion -..muid
be taken to-morrow (Ones oí "agreed," "agieed,"
from all part* of the hall )
The commttwe then rose—ayes 64, noes 06, and
On motion oí Mr BBIGGr, the bill and amend-
ments were ordered to be printed
On motion,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, June 27, 1838
The CHAIR communicated a repo t from the
Navy Department, in answer t > the leso'ution of
the Senate of the 10th of April last relative t > a
system of coast defence ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Nayal Affairs
Mr. STRANGE presented some additional docu-
ments m support of the claim of Col Buncombe, of
North CardHoai whjea were referred to the app-o-
priate committee/
On motion of Jf r. TALLMABGE, the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs was discharged from   the
further consideration of the petition of Richard
Montgomery
Mr T from the same committee, repor'ed bills
for the relief of Loammi Baldwin and of Samuel
Warner, which were severally read, and ordered to
a second reading
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the rehei of Nicholas
Verplast and a bill for the relief of Robert Ram-
sey, which were read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
reported unfavorably, and without amendment, the
bills from the House for the relief of Doctor David
Gould, and the legal representatives of Captain
John Winston.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Pieire Me-
naid, was read the third time and passed
On motion oí Mr WEBSTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the bill introduced
by him on leave, entitled " An act making a An-
ther provio on for the collection oí the public re-
venue," ai I after some remarks from Mr W.
Mi BUCHANAN out red a> an amendn ent or
mbsut ite, the b i* ntioduced on !<"ave by bun yej>
lerday, aoeompanjmg the motion *uth some expli-
natoiy remarks
Mr STRANGE, aitei some remark", moved to
lay the whi le snbjt ct on tue table, which was
agieed to, with the understanding that it be taken
up to-morrovi
The bill to revive the act entitled " In pot to
enable claimant  ,.0 land withm the Hmib Mis-
souri rnd Teui ory ot Arkansas to msti'ute pro-
ceedings, to tiy tli- \ahd)t' of their claims," ap-
proved the ádth ol May, . .1, a d an act -mend-
ag the same, w tken up a '! sptua! cd r,
and altet a long debate, 111 ft.men Me - LI^N,
SLVIER, UCNTON, PA} ARD, SOUTHARD,
) WIS, and othets participate I, the bill w.-s
a in tided, and laid 1 n the table, in order that trie
ami n ! Tieius mignt be printed
The bil' o divide ih<  State ot Delaware into two
collection districts, was tken up . d disease" 1 at
length between M<,s is BAYARD, CLAYTON,
KING, BUCHANAN, and NILES, aim was or-
dered to be «-ngio^setí W a third leading
At a few moments belore 5,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thoksdw, June 28, 1838
^ Mr  WHITI'LESEY of Ohio si ?gested that, as
the journal of )esleul*y was a ver)   lengthy one,
its reading be dikp nsed with, and the House would
gam half an hour's time thereby
Mi   MERCER ejected,
fr TOLAM*, on leave, laid on the table  the
following amendawy joint rule of the two Houses
Resolved, That the following shall be a sanding
joint rule ot the two Houses That after six oats
tu n the commencement of a second 01 subse-
quent ses-ton (except the final session) of any Cott-
on s, all bills and joint resolutions whu shad
nave passed 111 one House, and which re 1  a n un-
deterrnined in the other, shall be íesumed and act-
ed on as if an adjournment had not taken place
Mi RANDOLPH, from the Committee 011 Agri-
culture, reported, without amendmen', Senate bill
to piomote the cultivation of tropieal plants in «.be
United St-Ucs
WYANDOTT INDIANS
Mi HL N TER of Ohio, on leave, ofieied the
following resolution, which was agreed to
Resolved, Th".t the Committee ol Indian Affairs
•ake into cons'de ation the necessa \ < t  making an
ppropnation  to defray  the expenses of a treaty
now  pending with the Wyandott Indians, in the
State of Ohio
Mr TAYLOR asked leave to repo" two invalid
pension bd s, but Mr RICE GARLAND objected
to ", unless the leave should be trade ageneialone
Ons or two similar requests were made by other
gentlemen, but they were also objected to
Mr ADAMS continued his remarks in opposi-
tion to the report of the Committee on Foreign Af-
.fairs on the annexation of Texas [The commit-
tee had moved to be discharged from the subject,
and Mr Cdshino moved to recommit their report
with instructions to report defim'ively agamst, and
Mr. Thompson moved an amendment to report
for, the annexation of that Republic ]
Mr A's remarks this morim^ were m defence
of the rights of women to pet tion Congress, when
he again gave way, without concluding, to the or-
ders of the day.
SMALL NOTE RESTRICTION.
Mr KILGORD moved a suspension of theiules,
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the following resolution, submitted by him on the
11th instan.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America w Congress as-
sembled, That the operation of so much ot the act
of June 23d, 1836, entitled "An act to >-egulate
the deposites of the public money" as proh bits the
receipt ot the notes or bills of specie pa) mg banks
which have issued since the 4th of March, 1836,
notes or bills of a less denomination han five doi-
lara, be, and the same is hereby, suspended for the
period of two yeais
Jnd be U further resolved, That the operation of
the 2d section of the act of Apnl 14, 1836, enutUd
" An act making appropriation for he payment of
the Revolutionary and othei peasioneis oí h<  TTr 1-
ted States i r the year 18áb ' be, on 1 ne s,ime is
hereby, suspended for the per       if two yeai<
The yeas and nays weic oide-d, and were—
yeas 101, nays ol. So the íules v>ere not sus-
pended, requiring a vote of tv o- 'arris
SMITHSONIAN BEQJJEST
Mr RENCflER, on leave, snbmiutd 'he fol-
lo*nu lesolutmn, which was agreed o
ResohiJ,  That the Committo   ol Way   ah
Means inquire into the «xpt 'tency >f am'   -I'ln^ a
_rnpoiarv mves irent of the Smth   u in  a acv,
as 'ooii as it shall be received by the 1 residd t 0
the United States
ARi\lY BILL
On motion oí Mi M^lvAY, t - XIou c a_i
went into Co aim. tee of the Who! on ih sta p 0
the Union, Mr Ingham in 'V* rha r, rt umm¿ tlu
conaideiation 01 the Senate bill to 11 crease the pie
sent m htary establishment of the United States
and for other purposes
The question pending w as on the Í illow ing
amendment, proposed by Mr McKAY from t ie
Committee on Military Affairs, as a second s<—-
tioa to the bill
Sec. 2 .Ind be it fmlhn enacted, That there
shall be raised and organized, under the direction
of the President of 'he United States, one regimen'
of infautr), 10 be composed of tne sair   nuiiuei
and rank of officer , non-commissioned oflicers,
musieians, and pnvites, composing the regiments
of mfantiy now in the service of the United States,
who shall receive the same pay and allowances,
and be subject to the same rules and regulations
which n . apply to other regiments of infantry, a¡ 
provided <or m this act
Mr HARRISON of Mis«ou*i moved 1 eve-
ning, loadd to the above th-fallow 1 g
And there shall also be one regiment of rilemen
raised, to be off.ccied and organized ?s regiments of
infantry herein provided for
Mi  BELL, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House a   length on the merih of the
btU.   He adverted to tne gieat importance of the
measure, and the little it , left for its co sidera
tion, foi it involved principles fraught with im-
mense consequence to the coantry, euher for good
or for ev.l    He would go for $om > morea5 , but
rathei in deference to what «eemed o he a'tíos' 1' e
universal feelmg, on the Western fr;>nue>-     k ^u-
laily, and m some other exposed sect.oii'-       the
country, than from any co victi^n cf its n'-fsaii)
But, if a large increase should be authorized, un e
could be done executively during t!s recess, except
the initiatory preparations of the íeoruiting serv,ce
and therelore,  the most advisab'e course would
probably be to postpone 'he measure ti,l n \t   ts
sion    Mr   B   adrnrted  that c  western frr 'it
guard  «is neee^sary bo'h to awe the Indi is   an
to coerce our own setters to an obedience c t   I
laws, and for this pa pose, *•<> thougr  a'l the ts
mates of the War Department   to   be   too  ex
travagant; and  he  quoted authorities to prove
that  a  singie  regiment   was  enough  'p cover
