Dee. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cong-".2nb Sess.
Report of the Se.cre.iary of War,
Sen. .a&diJE^. &ftB<$p.
"Complex, and incompatible with the uniformity and
subordination which ought to distinguish the or^a
nization of every branch of the military service. -
recommended, therefore, that there be created a
staff corps, to consist of one brigadier genera],
chief of Shi staff; six colonels, six keutenantcolo-
nels, eight majors, twenty Captains, and twenty
first lieutenants, who shall exercise all the func-
tions, and perform all the duties at present exer-
cised and performed by the Quartermaster General,
Adjutant General, Inspectors General, Commissary
General of Subsistence, and their assistants, and
also by the topographicil engineers and assistant
topographical engineers; and that the Commissa-
riat of Purchases, and the medical staff of the
army, be attached to the said staff corps; thus unit-
ing under one head a' homogenous body sufficiently
numerous to ensure promotion within itself, create
an esprit de corps, excite emulation, and keep alive
hope. This organization, at the same time that it
secutes uniformity and efficiency to the operations
of the staff, is entirely compatible with its present
division into separate bureaus, and will not disturb
the existing relations of the present officers of the
corps with tiie branch to which they are now at-
tached.
This increase of the rank and fide and staff of
the army here tecoinended, by which its efficiency
wojild be greatly augmented, and its administration
rendered much more economical, has become ne-
cessary, independently of the causes assigned, from
our greatly extended frontier, from the number
and description of our maritime fortresses, and
from the large body of Indians which the humane
and enlightened policy pursued by the Government
towards that people has concentrated upon our
western borders. When, in 1831, the army was
reduced to 6,127 men, the extent of our frontier
did not exceed 6,373 miles, along the inland por-
tion of which the Indian tribes were sparsely scat-
tered, a large proportion of the:r numbers being
within the States, and rendered harmless by the
surrounding white population ; and the maritime
frontier was occupied by a few inconsiderable forts.
Since that period, its extent has been increased, by
the acquisition of Florida and other pauses, to
8,500 miles, most of our principal harbors and bays
have been fortified by extensive works, and the In-
dians concentrated upon the western line so as to
present a front of not less than 45,000 warriors.
The protection due by the Government to the in-
habitants of "this extensive and exposed portion of
our country would require a much larger force than
is here proposed, if their safety were made to de-
pend entirely upon the regular army; and I would
respectfully recommend the construction of a chain
of permanent fortresses along that line, anda com-
petent organization of the militia of the fioniier
States, as important and necessary auxiliaries fur
this purpose. If any danger is to be apprehended
from an armv of fifteen thousand men, scattered
along a frontier of more than B,000 miles, and com-
manded by officers educated to reverence the laws
and cherish the freedom of their country, it is effec-
tually to be guarded against by a proper organiza-
tionof the rrulitm. Their aggregate force now is lit-
tle short of a million and a half of men, and what-
ever may be their efficiency against a foreign ene-
my, they may always be relied upon when the lib-
erties of the country aie assailed.
That the necessity of this measure may be fully
understood, I have annexed statements, furnished
by the Chief Rngineer, exhibiting the number and
names of the different fortifications completed and
under construction, and the full armament ami
amount of force which each requites to aim and
garrison it; of the works projected by the Board
of Engineers, but which are not yet commenced;
and for the prominent points along the sea frontier
which require protection, and for which no plans
or projects have yet been made ; and a list of the
posts on the inland frontier of the United States,
with a notice ot the garrisons deemed necessary for
them in time of peace, and to preserve peace, fur-
nished by the acting quartermaster general.
The measures of defence for the border settle-
ments, which the policy of the Government towards
the Indians has rendered it their imperative duty to
adopt, have engaged the anxious consideration of
this Department, and the milter will be fu'ly treat-
ed, in answer to a call of Copere.ss for information
on that subject.
The report of the Chief Engineer, which is here-
with submitted, contains a summary of the nume-
rous and important works under die superintend-
ence of this branch.of the service. It is manifest,
from a review of ihis document, that some further
increase of this corps is rendftred necessary, from
the great accumulation of the public works con-
fided to its charge. Bui the high order of talent,
united to great acquirements, which have hitherto
distinguished this corps, and which are required in
the discharge of duties involving not only large ex-
penditures, but, in many cases, the safety and ho-
nor of the country, demand that this should be done
with the utmost caution. The youth who exhibit
the greatest aptitude for such studies, and who, in
their progress through the military ac.idemy, dis-
tinguished themselves above their fellows, and are
deemed worthy to enter this corps by those who
are appointed by Government to decide the relative
merit of the candidates, ouuht alone to be added to
¡t; nor should th y be placed in charge of any work
until thev have been at least two year; assistants to
some older and mure expenenced officer. It is due
to this corps to «ay that then' pay and emoluments
are insufficient for their support. Performing du-
ties that require the exercise of talents and attain-
ments which, in civil life, command the highest
rale of remuneration, and in a manner honorable
to themselves and useful to the country, they re-
ceive a less amount of pay than, any other branch
of the service. I beg leave, therefore, respectfully
to recommend that the otticcr*. of this corps be
placed on the same footing as those of the cavalry
of the United States. A proper regard to the inte-
rests of this branch of the public service induces
me to r-commend the appointment of an inspector
of fortifications, with the rank of colonel, whose
duty it rhr.'d be, nnd-r 'he ord-x-s of tl-p Chief En-
gineer, to make regular and system me inspections
of all the fortifications and public works under the
superintendence of that officer.
The very important work of deepening the chan-
nel at the mouth of the Mississippi has not yet
been commenced. Three plans were submitted by
Captain Chase, of the engineers, who was entrusted
with the necessary examinations; first, by deepen-
ing one or more'passes by dredging; second, by
closing all but one pass where they leave the trunk
of the river; and thirdly, by cutting a ship channel
from the river. The Engineer Department sug-
gested the propiv'ty of adopting 'he iir-t plan, as
the least cost'y and the soonest executed ; and pre-
parations were made, and ail things in readiness,
to commence the work by the middle of December.
In consequence, however, of representations re-
ceived by the department from the New Orleans
Chamber of Commerce, the whole matter was sub-
mitted to n Board of Engineers, consisting of Col.
Toifm, Col. Thayer, and Capt. Chase, who hive
required further preliminary surveys, in order to
enable them to form a correct opinion as to the
character of the works most likely to be successful
in improving the navigation of the mouths of this
river; a request which, con-idering the very im-
portant nature of the works, and theit bearins upon
the commerce of the whole valley of the Missis-
sippi, and its tributaries, has been acceded to by
the d-'parttnent.
The operations on the great raft, in the Red
river, closed on the 25th of Miy, for want of
funds, with the exception of one boat, which
walked iinul ¡he end of June.
During the season, twelve miles and a half of
this dense mass of wood, comprising the remaining
portion of what is stylsd the Old Rafts-, hare been
removed. The part now remaimne, heing four
hundred and tony yards in length, was Conned by
the freshet of 1836, and is by no means so dense or
difficult to remove ; and the timber of this poition
ofitwillbe employed to stop up the only bayou
which now remains to be closed. It is estimated
that the cost of completing the operation, which
will effectually open the navigation of this- river
throughout its whelp course, will amonnt to fifty
thou-and dollar.-. If the appropriation be made
early ia the next session, the work max be com-
pleted, or nearly sor by May n9Xt-j-:Oth6**#igeijt
must -lie over until the autumn of J838 ,te;Áe
serious injury of the increasing population ofrtije
valley of the river, a id to lhe;great detriment^
the work itself, from I ha cosstant accumulation .of
drift timber, which mast necessarily take place
until there is.a free current in the river.. If the
work be delayed, the. superintendent estimates that
the increased expense,-Ciom this eause-alone, will
amount to twenty thousand dollars.
The act of the 2d of July, 1836, which -.appro-
priates J100.000 far surveying and opening a.iaili-
tary road along the western frontier, imposes: on
the President the duty of selecting situations. Bear
it for the military posts which, ia his opinion, may
be most proper for the protection of the frontier,
and for the preservation of the necessary commu-
nications. On taking up this subject for conside-
ration, it appeared manifest that the conditions of
defence, which it is supiiosrd Congress had in view
in making this appropriation, could not be fulfilled,
if the road were surveyed and opened before the
sites for the permanent military stations were deter-
mined upon ; as without a knowledge of their ulti-
mate position, the toad might not approach them
sufficiently near to afford " the necessary commu-
nications" contemplated by the act.
The selection of these sites has to be made without
regard to lateral communications, but with a view
to the tribes in front, and to the facility of approach
from the rear. I am also of opinion that the con-
templated communications, in. reference to the se-
curity of the fortresses and the protection of the
borders, ought to be perpendicular to the line of
defence, and not lateral.
Parties are now making the required examina-
tions, and as soon as they are completed, and the
sites for permanent posts determined upon, the sur-
vey and works for opening the road designated by
Congress will be commenced, unless, upon a re-
viewed' the subject, th -y may think proper to adopt
the plan of defence for the western frontier which,
as has been before observed, will be presented
to them in accordance with a resolution of the Se-
nate to that effect.   -
The state of Charleston harbor demanded and
received the early attention of the Department. It
was represented that Sullivan's island was being
washed away, and the channels which form the en-
trance of the harbor, filling up with the sand from
its beach. By direction of the Engineer Depart-
ment, a minute examination of the situation of the
island was made in June last, by Lieutenant
Mansfield, who submitted a plan for its protection
against the encroachments of the sea, that was ap-
proved by this Department.
It is stated in the report of the engineer, that the
the island and southujestern peninsula will be en-
tirely carried away by the action "of the currents
and storms, unless timely measures be adopted to
arrest the progress of destruction; that this island
shelters the port of Charleston from the fury of the
northeastern storms; and that its destruction would
expose the harbor to the violent gales of the atitum
nal equinox, by leaving it open from northeast to>
southeast, besides the probability of lessening the
depth of water on the bars.
Independently of the necessity of the proposed
works for the preservation of "the port, they are
essentia! for its defence. The island forms the
site of Port Moultrie, which checked the approach
of the British squadron during the Revolutionary
war, ana now constitutes, in conjunction with Port
Sumter, the only defence of this important harbor.
These considerations induce me to recommend thai
an appropriation be asked of Congress to com-
mence these works without delay.
[i is my duty to call your attention to the present
state of the works for the protection of the* waters
of the Chesapeake. Fort Monroe will "require
further repairs and n:w works to render it even
defensible. One front of the fort:is peculiarly
liable to attack, for it is more exposad to a «¡pup dt
m-im than any other, and is at the same time the
o ilr front hable to siege, and the only one exposed
to land batteries within reasonable distance. The
works intended to protect this front were com-
menced, and a large lody of earth colkcted so
complete them, and so ¿rranjed as, in some mear
