f,:%5**5
2ÍÍTH  CoSTG-
•2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQJ8E,
Suppression of small notes in this District—Mr. Smith.
I?
ifSiss responsible for the indiscretion of a
ptiduals?
'gentleman from Kentucky had thought
J>3X^Pr io complain, too, of the organization of the
catrjrnittees; having, perhaps, especial reference
to-the Committee on the Public Lands. This ob-
jection, Mr. C. thought, came with a bad grace
from that gentleman. If he would look back to
the journals of the Senate two or three years ago,
when the Senator from Kentucky and his political
friends had the majority in that body—nay, if he
would cast his eye upon the columns of one of the
daily papers of this city, published a day or two
since—he would find that there were at least four
or five important committees at that time, upon
each of which the then Administration had but
one friend.
Mr. C. concluded by again deprecating this dis-
cussion as ill-timed and out of place, reminding
the Senate that the bill under consideration only
contemplated placing the new States, admitted into
the Union under the credit system, on an equal
footing with those since admitted, as to the power
of taxing lands hereafter sold by the United States,
and expressing the hope that the measure would
be considered and decided on its own proper merits.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said, in speaking on
this subject, he had reference to the land bills gen-
erally, those that emanated from the committees
on public as well as private, they all appeared to
have the same tendency, to wit: to wrest the public
domain from the grasp of the Union. Mr. C.
wished that gentlemen who hid the poor so much
in tbeir mouths, would have their true interest
more at heart. He contended that the pre-emp-
tion law led to the most infamous speculation, that
the public lands had been engrossed by intruders, who
their sold pre-emption claims in the shape of floats
to an indefinite extent; these persons had consti-
tuted themselves into an organized force, threaten-
ing with violence all who attempted to disturb
them, by purchasing from Government. They had
traced out all the most beautiful spots of the un-
surveyed lands, embracing the finest soils. They
were continually bounding over the public domain,
seizing on the public property, and appropriating
it to their own exclusive advantage. As well
might they seize on the North Carolina, or any
other of our armed vessels of war. By what code
of law or morality could such a course be defended?
There was a spirit of lawlessness and violence
abroad that he would like to see suppressed.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he did net rise with a
view to make any remarks in relation to the pre-
emption law, which was not now the subject of
discussion, but merely for the purpose of justifying
the vote he was about to give. Mr. B. said he hap-
pened to be on the committee to which had been
referred the subject of the admission of the State of
Arkansas into the Union, and he would add a very
hopeful and promising young sister she was. At
that time he recollected there was a great deal of
discussion in relation to the public lands, several
contending that the lands of the Untied States
should not be subject to taxation; the committee
had, however, at last come to the conclusion that,
on the whole, it was the safest to vest the power
with the States; tbat while it could do no injury
to the General Government, it might be the
means of protecting the States from having their
lands bought up by throngs of speculators,
and remain uncultivated, unless sold at an enor-
mous profit to the industrious and enterprising
agriculturalist. What the new States wanted was
honest settlers, who came to till the soil, and who,
while they improved their own condition, mate-
rially added to the value of the surrounding lands
and general interests of the Stated where they were
located. Mr. B. was desirous of putting all the
'States on the same footing of equality, which was
all that was asked by the bill before them ; and he
did not think its passage would prejudice the sales
of the pubüe lands, nor did he believe it would alto-
gether suppress ^peculation.
• ' Mr. ALLEPTreplied at some length to Mr. Clay,
" chiefly in relation, to thg reflections which he consi-
dered had been passed"^n the Chair, in relation to
, the appointment ofcoírtríátíees from the new States.
Í ,^Mr. CLAT: of Kentucky (fenM that he intended.
any reflection on the Chair, and spoke for some
time in reply to Mr. Allen.
Mr. ALLEN rejoined at some length, and with
much animation; when the vote was taken on or-
dering the bill to be engrossed, and carried in the
affirmative—yeas 35, nays 4.
DEBATE ON THE DISTRICT CURRENCY.
In Senate, December 22, 1837.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to restrain the circulation of small .notes in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. The question* being on the
amendment of Mr. Smith, of Indiana, to exclude
the informer from receiving half the fine—
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, said yesterday he had
moved to amend the bill under consideration, by
striking out that part which created a common in-
former, and gave to him one-half of the penalty.
During the discussion on that question yesterday,
he had heard from different parts of the Senate the
opinion expressed that there was no case known
to the law where a person interested in the event
of the prosecution could be a witness in favor
of that prosecution. He would not at this time
detain the Senate with a recapitulation of the
arguments which he then submitted at length to
the Senate in opposition to these opinions: the array
of legal talent maintaining an opinion so opposite to
that which he entertained, had caused him almost
to doubt on the subject. He had, therefore, as a
lawyer would say, since the adjournment last
evening, consulted the authorities on the subject,
and the result had been entirely satisfactory to his
mind, that he was not mistaken on yesterday in the
matter. He would read to the Senate from Starkie
on Evidence, a standard work, what is now be-
lieved to be the law of the question. Mr. Smith
then read from the second volume of Starkie: "So
in an action by the party robbed against the hun-
dred, he is a competent witness as to the fact of
robbery, although he is not only interested, but the
plaintiff in the suit. So interest is no objection to
competency if all persons who are likely to know
the fact are equally interested. And therefore the
loser of more than 10/. at a sitting, is a competent
witness upon an information under the statute of 5
Anne, sec. 5, which subjects the winner to the for-
feiture of five times the money won, upon convic-
tion, and authorizes any person to sue for it, and
therefore any person is as much entitled to sue for
it as the witness. So in the case of extortion by
duress, and in other similar cases which, from their
very nature, admit of no proof but by the testimony
of the party injured, he is, according to Lord Holt,
a competent witness from necessity." This clear-
ly sustains the position that the Court, without any
enactment by the Legislature, will, ex necessitate,
admit the witness, although he may be interested
in procuring the conviction of the accused.
He (Mr. Smith) was opposed to creating inte-
rested common reformers ; the remedy was, in his
opinion, worse than the disease. What! will you
bribe a set of men to haunt your taverns, market
houses, railroad depots, and other places of public
resort, to lay wait for, and act as spies upon, all
who may visit your city, and then, in a prosecution
instituted by themselves, swear money into their
pockets'? He trusted not. He would, however,
to accommodate this matter to the views of those
who view it as an important part of the bill, as
far as he consistently could, withdraw the amend-
ment he had moved on yesterday, and move what
appeared to him to be an amendment which would,
in a great degree, correct Ule evils he complained
of. Mr. Smith then moved an amendment xvhich
provides that if the prosecutor shall offer himself
or be admitted a witness for the prosecution, he
shall forfeit all claim to any part of the penalty;
which amendment was adopted without a count.
Mr. Smith then moved to strike out the following
clause of the bill as reported by the committee :
" Summarily and without delay, and with the
right of immediate discovery on oath in all cases
where the defendant shall deny the issuing or,
passing, or attempting to pass, the note, hill, check,
draft, or other paper in question."
He, (Mr. Smith,) in making this motion, tod
two objects in view. nr*t¿W obviate "tf--é^SÉ?t¿
tional objection which itafpteeri suggested' hf*ÍB¿'
Senator from Kentucky, (Mr. Clay,) aa3 wMeb,
in his mind, had great weight; and, secondly, tá
remove a feature which he could not be induced to
retain in the bill—that of requiring flie' accuse"* to
answer on oath to the fact of his guilror ufpSsifece.
Sir, (said Mr. Smith) every Senator mu«|é*ítt a
glance, that this bill without the amendment Jnay
exclude the right of a jury trial, in direct^contravew-
tion of the principles of the Constitution. While
he readily admitted himself to be a disciple sf ifiat
school which recognises the power of the Supreme
Court to declare a law passed by Congress Tinconr
stitutional and void when clearly in conflict with
that paramount charter of our liberty, yet it is not
the less the duty of the legislative department of
the Government to see that it does not transcend
its constitutional power in its enactments. The- •
amendment on that point puts this question at rest;
it leaves the question to be decided by tW court
trying the case, under the Constitution and laws
governing the same.
The other object of the amendment he (Mr.
Smith) had already avowed. This, bill is one cre-
ating an offence heretofore unknown in this Dis-
trict, and punishing that offence with high pains
and penalties; and how is it proposed to carry into
effect its provisions? The answer to this question
is furnished by that part of the bill proposed to be
stricken out, by compelling the defendant, upon
trial, to answer, on oath, as to his guilt or inno>-
cence; to criminate himself, to discover his own.
guilt, to subject himself to the pains and penalties
of the law. Sir, (said Mr. Smith) such a proceed-
ing never can be tolerated in this country. It can
be resorted to with approbation only where inquisi-
torial power is supposed to be necessary to calm.
the guilty fears oí some despotic tyrant, or to fur-
nish victims for an inquisition. But in carrying
into effect our laws for the suppression of offences,
either mala in se or mala prohibid, the principle has
been justiy discarded, and he could see no reason
why it should be resorted to in this case. He had
been long since well satisfied that there was no
greater erroricommitted by legislators than that of
multiplying oaths on all occasions, and particularly
in cases where the person swearing is interested in
the matter in controversy. It has been truly said
by writers on the subject, that " where you sow
oaths you must reap perjuries." He was therefore
constrained to say that he could not support the bill
unless that provision was stricken out.
Mr. S. said he had occupied so much time yes-
terday and to-day on the questions of amendment,
that he could not ask the Senate to listen to many
additional remarks from him ; he was unwilling,
however, to resume his seat until he had said afew
words relative to the merits of this question. He
regretted to have seen in the progress of the debate
a disposition manifested on the part of some Sena-
tors to give this measure a party direction. Is it
possible that every measure introduced here is at
once to receive the mark of approbation or disap-
probation, as this or that party may think it may
militate for or against it, regardless of the msrits
of the proposition? He (Mr. S.) had heard with
surprise, nay, with astonishment, the remarks of the
Senator from Missouri, (Mr. Benton.) That Sena-
tor had created his man of straw, had given "life
and animation to this object of his creation, called
by him a "shm-plaster" party, merely that he
might, by argument* that no one denied, prove
that he was unworlhy of the public confidence.
That Senator not only attributes this state of the
currency to a party he is pleased to call a "shin-
plaster" party, bat says that the party thus created
by himself is interested in, nay, resolved to con-
tinue, the "shin-plasler system.'" Who compose this
"shin-plaster'" party, the Senator has not told us;
the presumption, however, is, that fee dots not
mean himself or political friends,-'tt&f he must
allude to the Opposition.                 ■-   -' "
He (Mr. S.) was not aware, nor did he believe
the fact to exist, that there was any party in this
nation favorable to a "shin-plaster" system, as it is
understood here. No, sir, it is a system, if a sys-
tem it can be called, openly denounced by all pap-
ties.   For himself, (jsaid Mr. S-) he wished; it to b|
