
ttee. 1837.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
Mth Cong*—2n  Sess.         Suppression of small notes in this District—Mr. Clay, Roane, Brown.
Seaate.
wej« not necessarily included. When terms so
general as these were used, it certainly did appear
to him that people of color were comprised m their
meaning. But suppose for a moment they were
not included m this description, then a dilemma
arose in, his mind, for, if they ware included, here
was a species of trial affecting only free persons,
and altogether inapplicable to them, imposing a
pecuniary mulct which slaves who had no property
could not pay. On the other hand, if they were not
included, then what would be the use of the bill,
since it was chiefly by and among them that these
notes were circulated, either mstrumentally or di-
rectlyi Whichever horn of the dilemma gentlemen
might take, the bill fails altogether m its object and
intention, and becomes perfectly inoperative. It,
therefore, clearly appeared to him that some amend-
ment to the bill was necessary in its present crude
state, and the Committee for the District was the
most suitable to take this subject into consideration
There was another descnption of persons whom
this bill would chiefly affect, who would be ren-
dered liable to its, pams and penalties They weie
minors—little boys and ?irls—children—'he  ery
beggar  whom we meet on the avenue1 These
were the persons, these were the unfortunates, who
were to be punished by this bill' As to the autho-
rity of the Committee of Mays and Means, that
was not disputed; true, they had received the au-
thority which they had exercised m framing this
bill, ar l so far the Senatoi from New York (Mr.
Wright) was perfectly cornet m his statement
The resolution authorizing them to undertake
this business had been passed without notice, and
without any Senator dreaming of its purpose and
intention, it was a resolution passed the last session,
having reference to the means of relief generally
for the country, and he for one never contemplated
in such an ordinary resolution, a bib of pams and
penalties, of this description, to be inflicted on this
little spot of ten miles square' This was not the idea
he had entertained of the relief to be afforded to
the country at large, which it was anxiously hoped
would have been devised at the last session But
the committee have totally reversed the natural
order of things, they have begun at the wrong end,
they were looked to for some remedy to the disor-
dered state of the currency, we had hoped for some
cure to the general disease; but, instead ot that,
they begin with this little District. Instead of going
to the fountain head, and applying some remedy
for the general suffering produced by the heedless
measures of the Executive, they begin w ith apply-
ing their remedies of pains and penalties against
credit to this little District If they had, howcvei,
begun there where they ought to have done—if
they had removed the well known cause of all the
country's suffering, then, without any further trou-
ble, without any violent and isolated measure of
this kind, instantly they would have re-established
order and regularity m the currency of this Dis-
trict Now, however, m view of the general and
yet unmitigated evils affecting the currency m every
othersection of the Umon,they begmhere, at this little
spot, to operate upon thetofto'e Union, without know-
ing or inquiring whether any of the States have put
down this small change, without knowing or in-
quiring what the banks have done or will do, with-
out knowing or inquiring whether, if they put
down the only existing medium of exchange in
small affairs, there will be any kind of substitute
whatever to supply its sudden removal, without
even mquirmg whether it villi be at all possible to
transact the little business of common life, when
the only existing cha ige it. thus violently removed
by tne terrors < t penalties and p imshments'
Again, (Mr C observed,) this bill is i n°d at the
poor, the miserable, the wretched portion of the
community, against slaves, negroes, and beggars,
against infants, women, and children1 Here are
fines to punish boys and girls if they go to market,
or offer to buy any think with the only money you
have enabled them to have in their possession. Do
not (said Mr. C.) make this unfortunate District
the scape-goat for an offence which is committed
throughout the whole Union, and into which (if it
t>e a crime) your own fatal measures have driven
the country' Do not let your indignation against
|hf banks and the credit ¿¡¡wa^ venj itself m tte
splenetic measure against this District1 It is a bill
of pains and penalties, a bill to force a man to
swear against himself. Under its operation any
person, any member of Congress, may be put upon
his oath to say if ever he has passed a sixpence of
this currency. It is a measure of swearing and
punishing people, of which the committee ought to
be ashamed of itself for introducing It is true
(said Mr C ) the bill was run through the Senate
last session, but how did that happen? We were
all absorbed in considering and debating that exe-
crable scheme which (thank God) the patriotism of
the other House defeated, and he hoped forever
No one noticed the bill, and it was arrested in
the House of Representatives, where also that ex-
ecrable and abominable scheme of an Executive
Treasury was arrested, and received its quietus.
Do not («aid Mr. C ) attack negroes and little chil-
dren, whose necessities may drive them to spend
their little all m this your own created currency
Strike, rather, at higher game Go to the banks, if
you please, atwck them, but spire, oh' spare, the
little game, the poor, the weak, the helpless, ire
unuarj, the women and children, and market pro-
pie. They must take money m some sh aj> i u y
are compelled to dispose of theii lew comí io 'it es,
they are obliged to carry home something fiom the
sale of then little adventures Do not then a'tack
them, and inflict the vengeance ot your width
against credit and papet and banks upon the help-
less and necessitous, who have no remedy but to
take and pass this money. Attack more noble
game
Mr C concluded by expressing a hope that this
bill would be recommitted to the Committee for the
District, and that they would inquire if it be possi-
ble that the daily business of the people of this Dis-
trict can be transacted without money, either dver
or paper, whether, also, if this system be atf'mp'ed
for the District, if it can be possible for the citizens
of the District to get along on the genuine haid-
money plan, while all the Union besides was driven
upon the only resource which the experiment had
left to the country For my own part, (said Mr
C.) if this currency can be put down by fair and
honorable ways, I shall be rejoiced, it is a disgrace-
ful medium, forced upon us by tne still more dis-
graceful measures ot the Executive, forced upon
us by the acts of Executive will, which, to the mis-
foitune of ihe country, has received too much sanc-
tion from Congress Glad should he be if this
madium could be put down, but let it be by fair
means, and beginning at the right place
Mr ROANE, as chairman of the Committee for
the District, was opposed to the reference to that
committee, because he thought the subject did not
belong to it Mr. R then proceeded at some
length to advocate the general measures of the Ad-
ministration, and the particular measure of this
bill. In adverting to the encouragement held out
to informers, Mr R referred to the happy effects
produced in Virginia by such a system, and in-
stanced particularly the hteiary fund, which had
been greatly enriched by the operation of informers,
by money poured m>o its coffers through their in-
strumentality.
Mr BROWN followed on the same side, and
entered into an exposition of the dangers oi the
banking system, and of the conspiracy which it
seemed to him existed to bring forward a national
bank
Mr B also maintained that these small bills had
been issued mainly by coi poration*-, in violation of
existing laws, and yet gentlemen of the Oppos tion
had openly applauded these violations of law, with
a view to scourge the country into submission to a
national bank This he did not make as a direct
charge against them, but diew as an inference
Mr B wished to save the community from these
papet systems and experiments, which honorable
gentlemen were so earnest to perpetuate
Mr. B regretted the antipathy which gentlemen
of the Opposition manifested when gold and silver
were alluded to, and insisted that if the'e small
bills were suppressed, an abundance of specie
change would, oí course, come into circulation He
closed by treating as idle the objection which had
been insiste-i on m relation to informers
Uh T°UN,Gf of JlUftoi* said- My ofeject in
rising, Mr. President, is not to discuss the jaents
of the bill under consideration, but for a very dif-
ferent purpose. That purpose is, if I can, to de-
fend the honorable chairman, and the Committee
on Finance generally, from unmerited reproach %
or if it shall be believed that blame or censure is
justly attnbutable to the committee for having
reported and recommended this measure, that all the
parties coneerned as originators, abettors, or other-
wise, may fare alike in the judgment of condemna-
tion to be awarded by the much injured inhabitants
of this "miserable, uniepresenled," District. Before
I proceed, Mr. President, I will ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
(Mr Wright,) whether the bill under consideration,
as reported by that committee at the present ses-
sion, is not precisely similar to the one which
passed the Senate at the late extia session, on the
same subject* [Mr. Weight having answered in
the affirmative, Mr Younq continued.] This,
Mr. President, is as I supposed The honorable
Senator from Kentucky, (Mr Clay,) by way of
n i cule, calls this a "picaym,e bill," the provisions
01 which, he contends, if adapted and carried into
>i >ctice, Villi strike directly at the negroes, the.
Utile boy s and girls, and the poor beggars of the
Dis'ncl, and concludes b> saying, that the commit-
tee ought to be ashamed for having íecommended
such a measure. Now, sir, for the history of this
transaction At the late extra session of Congress,
a bill containing three sections, as well as I remem-
ber, was reported by the. Committee on Finance;
the first two sections of which related to the banks
of the District, and the third was intended to sup-
press the circulation of small notes, usually called
"shin-plasters " Near the close of the session, the
bill came up (or consideration After considerable
deoate on the several propositions submitted by the
committee, the honorable Senitor from Massachu-
setts (Mi Webster,) not now in his place, (who
then was, and still is, a member of the Finance
Committee,) moved to strike out the first two sec-
tions of the bill id íelaiion to the banks, about
which, he said, there was so much disagreement,
and proposed the adoption of the third section, to
suppress the circulation of shm-plasters, about
which, he said, there could be as iiifte disagree-
ment Well, su, what followed'! The two first
sections were stricken out on the motion of the
honorable Senator, as if by unanimous consent;
and the third, or shm-plaster section, was adopted
and passed by an overwhelming vote, (without
distinction as to party.) the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, (Mr Clay,) and two or three
others only, voting in the negative. What became
of the bill in the other House, I know not, suffice
it to say, it did not become a law. The sub-
stance of that bill, perhaps, in precisely the
same language, has been again reported by
that committee, and is now under considera-
tion , and such are the epithets which are now
applied to the measuie, and the denunciations of
those who have believed it to be their duty to bring
it forward I again repeat, if odium is to attach
to any, let all vi ho have participated in the sin,
come in for their reasonable share But we are
admonished by the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky (Mr Clay) to wait, to pause, until something
snail be done by the neighboring Slates—o£ Mary-
land and Virginia—to wait for the action of Balti-
more and Richmond, until something shall be
done, looking towards the general resumption of
specie payments Sir, do we not all understand
this language? Those opposed to the resumption
oí specie payments in and about the State Legis-
la ures, when the matter is urged upon them, say,
" toatí" for the action of Congress, and those m
and about the Capitol who have such a dislike for
gold and silver, as almost to recoil at the mention
of ¡t, tell us " watt" for the action of the State
Legislatures, and between the two, their admoni-
tions if attended to, would lead to indefinite post
ponemeiit Mr. President, can any reasonable
man (unless he shall purposely close his eyes) be
so blind to what is going on, as not to perceive the.
mighty influence which was brought to bear m the
recent bank convention in New York, and which*
still is operating to prevent, if possible, the early
resumption of sgecie payments by thebank.$ Qat^
