&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1638.
25th Cokg"-2.n'd Sess.
Mr. Calliouri's Resolutions—Mr. Calhoun, Norvell, Preston.
Senate.
They offered no restraint to any of the constitu-
tional rights of the people. They only declared
that this Government should not be used as an in-
strument of attack upon the States, fhe domestic
institutions of the States, the reserved rights of the
States, or the union, peace and tranquil-
lity of the whole country. That was their import;
and he trusted that this Senate, as the peculiar re-
presentatives of reserved State sovereignty, would
always firmly maintain the ground assumed in
these resolutions. The Federal Union could only
in that way be preserved. If he were disposed to
look at the abolition of Southern slavery as a ques-
tion of interest and happiness in its effects upon
the Northern and Northwestern States, he should
pronounce the measure to be fraught with incalcu-
lable «vil to them. It would bring upon them, in
shoals, a species of idle, vagrant, worthless black
population, stamped with inferiority by the hand of
nature. It would degrade the high character of the
discordant Saxon race, bv whom our soil is culti-
vated,our intellectual conditionimproved, and all the
arts and comforts of life elevated and extended.
It would bring us, our wives and children, into
association with a description of human beings,
■whom the Author of creation has set apart as a
distinct caste; and, finally, our population might
become a mongrel race of mulattoes and quadroons.
What father, what mother, what brother, could
look upon such a state of things, without shrinking
back with loathing at the contemplation!
But taking views, as he did, of the subject, lie
could not agree to confer upon this Government, by
implication, any right to give increased stability,
security, and strength to the domestic institution
of slavery in any of the States. He was not wil-
ling to pledge this Government so to administer its
affairs as at all to interfere, on one side or the
other, with a subject which the Constitution had not
confided to it. The South cannot desire this. All
that the South asks on this subject is (o let her
alone. To this extent he would cheerfully pledge
the Government. He would commit it, mind and
soul, to sustain the Constitution as it was; to pro-
tect the institutions and the interests of every part of
the Union, as far as its constitutional powers would
authorize it to go for that purpose. The resolution,
amended as he proposed, was strong enough. It
pledged the Government not to interfere with the
stability and security of the domestic institutions of
the South: it made it the solemn duty of the Go-
vernment to resist all attempts, whether by petition
or otherwise, to use it as an instrument of attack
upon any of those domestic institutions. If the
South could ask more, she would ask that which
would hereafter be used as a pretext and a prece-
dent for an interference, on the part of this Govern-
ment, to weaken and destroy her domestic institu-
tions. He, therefoie, hoped that his amendment
would prevail.
Mr. CALHOUN entertained every sentiment of
respect for the feelings of the Senator from Michi-
gan (Mr. Norvell.) He believed his feelings were
sound throughout, and were bas?d upon a sound
policy. He begged leave to state his reasons for
inserting the words "the several States, etc." It
was his belief that in many things it was admitted
by the General Government that the States had
separate, distinct, and vested constitutional tights.
In this belief and understanding, there had so
long existed a general good feeling between the
two Governments, their acts were in all things cor-
relative, and were, so far as they acted together,
promoting individual and confederauve rights, by
■which course of action each ever strengthened the
other, and tended to produce union and harmony
throughout; and, what was more, it tended to up-
hold the domestic institutions of the States. To
illustrate his argument, he would instance some
few cases, which would, he was certain, convince
the Senator from Michigan (Mr. Norvell) that the
ground of his amendment was erroneous, and that
h* would in the end withdraw it
Every one must admit, continued Mr. C. that
the quarantine laws were wholly under the State
control, while the laws of commerce were con-
trolled wholly by Congress; yet the two were in-
separable, and each depended «pon the other.
Congress never claimed a right to interfere in the
regulation of one branch, nor did the Government
of the several States deny the jurisdiction of the
United States over the other.
Congress had passed new laws, or modified old
ones, regulating commerce, applicable in every par-
ticular to the quarantine laws. He would cite
instances of a different nature in their operation
and effect.
During the French Revolution, an insurrection
broke out in the French colony of St. Domingo
among the blacks. There was a danger of inter-
course and interference of the blacks on the island
and those of our States. To prevent this, State
laws, prohibiting such intercourse, were passed.
These laws were sanctioned by Congress.
There was a strong analogy in this case to the
one now under discussion. Congress had here
passed laws distinctly to meet the views of the
States. In farther illustration he would cite the
laws and regulation of the port of Charleston: his
position was here still more strengthened. He al-
luded to the prohibition of black sailors on board
vessels, trading with that port. Congress had
yielded and fully assented to the provisions of the
law, and even the British Government had assent-
ed and acknowledged the propriety of such enact-
ments and and regulations. Having said this much,
for the purpose of convincing his friend from
Michigan, (Mr. Norvell,) he should look with the
greatest confidence for his vote in support of the
resolution, without his proposed amendment.
Mr. NORVELL responded, that yesterday the
Senator from South Carolina had expressed a de-
sire to transfer this whole Abolition war to the
North and the Northwest; a belief that there was to
be the great battle-ground of the conflict. Could
that honorable Senator then wish to weaken the
hands, to impair the moral vigor, of those who
were to fight that great battle for the safety of the
South, and the preservation of the Union? This
he would do, if he were to persist in requiring i*¿
to lend our aid to "increase" and "strengthen"
the institution of slavery. The Senator had allud-
ed to the perfect beauty and harmony of our sys-
tem as it was. For this very reason wa  it, that
the amendment had been proposed. It was to pre-
serve, not to mar the harmony and beauty of our
system, that this Government should not be re-
quired to go beyond the maintenance of the do-
mestic institutions of the States as they exist and
ate protected by the Federal Constitution. The
Senator had illustrated his views, by adducing
special cases in which the Government had by law
interfered to sustain and strengthen the health laws
of the States, and to protect the South against the
effects of the agitations in St. Domingo, some years
ago. That was all proper; it was constitutional;
but the illustrations did not sustain the general
proposition contained in the resolution. When
the special emergency should again arise, he would
be found as ready as any man to interpose the pow-
er of this Government, not to outlaw, but to pro-
tect, the domestic institutions of the South in all
their constitutional sacredness of character.
Mr. PRKSTON observed that the amendment
proposed was a very general one in its application,
and he hoped it would be adopted. The resolu-
tion, in its present shape, asserts that the General
Government is bound to protect the domestic insti-
tutions of the several States. This ground he never
wished to assume. He was opposed to any inter-
ference with the domestic institutions, either from
one quarter or another. The States should be suf-
fered to maintain and protect their own rights and
their own institutions. The General Government
was rather, in his opinion, bound, from its very
nature, not to intermeddle with these rights,
but strictly, and in every instance, to keep hands
off. Government had no right to interfere, either
to protect or to invade any institution. To illus-
trate his argument he would revert to some few of
these institutions m various quarters. One of the
greatest and most important domestic institutions
of Maryland was the State Colonization Society.
It was a State corporation. Would his colleague
wish to sec the direct action of Congress to support
this institution? "Would there not be as many con-
flicting sentiments on the subject as upon that of
domestic slavery?   The great manufactories of the
North are incorporated, and have vast amounts of
funds invested; should these be either directly pro-
tected or invaded by Congress^
It was doubtful whether it was a duty of Con-
gress, either expressed or implied, to interfere in
any similar cases.
He would admit that Government might by its
action contribute to establish proper security to
State institutions, so far as is consistent -with the
Constitution, and with State rights and enactments,
and the constitutions of the States, but no further.
To maintain the principle advocated by the reso-
lutions, would be to assert that the domestic insti-
tutions of a State, based on the principles of the
Vermont resolutions, as well as those of an adverse
order; and if this ground be admitted, the case
cited of the Maryland institution, must be a strong
point of opposition to the general spirit of the re-
solutions.
Mr. CALHOUN was willing to assent to the
amendment, if it was the wish of the Senate to do
so. He would make any concession to meet the
views of those opposed to the doctrine of Aboli-
tion, in order to get a strong vote in favor of the
general doctrines set forth in' the resolutions.
Mr. PRESTON followed in continuation of his
previous argument, and in support of the opinions
he had expressed in favor of the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD requested the Secretary of the
Senate to read the second resolution as it had been
adopted.   The resolution, was read as follows:
Resolved, That in delegating a portion of their
powers to be exercised by the Federal Government,
the States retained severally the exclusive and sole
right over their own domestic institutions and po-
lice, to the full extent to which those powers were
not granted, ánd ara alone responsible for them;
and that any intermeddling of any one or more
States, or a combination of their citizens with the
domestic institutions and police of the others, on
any ground, political, moral, or religions, or under
any pretext whatever, with the view to their altera-
tion or subversion, is not warranted by the Consti-
tution"; tending to endanger the domestic peace and
tranquillity of the States interfered with; subversive
of the objects for which the Constitution was form-
ed,and, by necessary consequence, tending to weak-
en and destroy the Union itself.
Mr. H.wouldcall the attention of the Senator from
South Carolina to the phraseology of the third re-
solution, and he thought that it would at once occur
to him that the third resolution conveyed the sen-
timent that this Government was bound to exer-
cise its powers so as to give "increased stability
and security" to the institution of slavery as it ex-
isted in the southern section of the Union—a senti-
ment directly conflicting with the spirit and import
of the resolution which has just been read. The
avowed purpose of the Senator from South Carolina
was, that the Senate should express, by resolution,
as their deliberate opinion, that any interference
on the part of any section of the Union, or any in-
termeddling of any portion of the community, un-
der any pretext whatever, with domestic slavery as
it exists in the Southern States, with a view to
its alteration or svJiversion, would not only be
grossly unjust, but a course of proceeding not war-
ranted by the Constitution. This was the declared
object of the Senator, and to all this he most rea-
dily yielded his assent.
He need not assure the Senator from South Caro-
lina, that no man was more willing than him-
self to carry out such a purpose—and most cheer-
fully would he support any resolution drawn out in
the strongest terms, and in the most forcible lan-
guage, fully to express such a sentiment. He did
not agree with Senators who thought nothing was
to be gained by the adoption of these resolutions.
Much, very much, in his judgment, would be accom-
plished by agreeing to the resolutions (with some
amendments) which had been offered by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina. If this did not go far
enough, as the Senator from South Carolina (Mr.
Preston) expressed—if they would not inspire con-
fidence and give security in the South, he firmly
believed that their adoption would be productive of
much good in the non-slave holding States He
represented on this floor, with his respected col-
league, one of those States; and he could not doubt
