APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23
ng....2vi> Ss-ss.
=
Mr. Calhoun*s Resolutions—Mr. Hubbard, Smith, Calhoun, Toung.
Senate.
that the adoption of these resolutions substantially,
would tend 10 allay in that quarter, the spirit of
Abolitionism—would be a direct appeal to the in-
telligence and to the patriotism of the free citizens
of the North; and he could not for a moment doubt
that they would have a controlling influence upon
the-course and conduct of the-Abolitionists them-
.selves. If the adoption of that resolution would
not directly influence the action of the Abolitionists,
they could not fail t« produce a powerlul el-
feet on public opinion, and through the in-
fluence oí popular sentiment wauld this leli
spirit of fanaticism be stayed He «as
therefore prepared to go viith the Sena'or
from South Caiolina in carrying out the ptupos 
avowed. But, while he was thus prepared to give
his support to the resolutions of the honorable
Senator—believing, as he conscientiously did, that
their adoption would do good at home—he could not
agree to the adoption of the thud resolution, as the
Senator had drawn it It weiit further than he
was willing to go. His doctrine had bctn, ever
since he had been a member of Congress, that it
was the bounden duty of the North " to let the
whole matter alone.'1'' That the institution of do-
mestic slavery, as it existed in the Southern section
of the Union, was no concern of theirs. And that
they weie unfaithful in the performance of their
duty as good citizens, to give publicity to any
opinions calculated to excite the morbid sensibili-
ties of the North, or to inflame the violent feel'ngs
of the slave population of the South. He would
now undertake to show that the amendment pi o-
posed by his friend from Michigan to the third
resolution ought to be adopted, and he could not
but hope that the Senator from South Carolina
would assent so to modify this resolution. He
would suggest an al'eration in the first paragraph
of the resolution, not that it was objectionable to
himself as it was; but the alteration, he vas satis-
fied, would make rtmoie acceptable to some of its
friends. He would have that part of the resolu-
tion read—" that this Government was instituted
to carry into effect the powers delegated by the
Constitution for the mutual benefit and piosperity
of the States."
He would not press this alteration, but lie was
assured that it would be more acceptable to some
friends in that form. It would receive his support,
whether altered or whelhei it remained unchanged
jn this particular , but he felt a great solicitude to
have the amendment proposed by Ihe Senj'orfr >m
Michigan adopted. Such would be the import ot
the resolution, without the amendment, that he could
not (friendly as hé was to the object) vote for if
The resolution declares, in substance, " that this
Government is bound so to exercise its powers as to
give, as far as may be practicable, ma eased stability and
security to the institution of domestic slavery, and
that it is the solemn duty ot the Government to re-
sist all attempts to weaken or destroy, but is bound
to strengthen and to uphold, the institution of domestic
slavery.'''' He was sure that the Senator from South
Carolina could not ask th.s at his hands lie
would resolutely oppose anv and eveij attempt,
come from whom it would, tending osubveitoi
d''&troy this institution, against the will of those
whose interest is affected by its existence. Thus
far he was ready to go thus far the State w hich
he in part represented had gone. In no way would
he intermeddle with the sacred and constitutional
rights of others. But, while he was prepaied to go
thus far, he could not so farther, consistent with
his sense of duty ; and lie would earnestly appeal
to the Senator from South Carolina to assent to the
proposed modification of this resolution.
Mr. PRESTON inquired how the resolution
would read were the amendment adopted1
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked, "Exactly right "
The Secretary then read the resolution as
amended.
Mr. CALHOUN announced his full assent to
the amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked that he rejoiced that
the Senator from South Carolina had agreed so to
modify his resolution as to embrace the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Michigan. He
appreciated the motives which had induced the
honorable  Senator to assent to this alteration.
Whatever might be the effect of the adoption of
these raeolutions by the Senate on the Southern
section of the confederacy, where slavery exists,
there can be no doubt that the battle is to be fought
in the non-slaveholdmg States. It was there that
this spirit of anti-slavery was to be met. He deeply
regretted to add that it was there mingling Use'f
with party politics. It was in the free States of
this confederacy that the unhallowed spirit of Abo-
litionism was, m his judgment, to be met, and it
should be met boldly and independently. He had
no fears for the result of the contest. He had the
lul'°st confidence m the intelligence and patriotism
of the \ eomanry of the North, and when passion
and prejudice subsided, when men will reason to-
gether on this interesting subject, be assuied that
public opinion will become conect and controlling
in its influence. He had uniformly, since he had
been in Congress, opposed every interference with
ihe institution of domestic slavery as it existed un-
der our Constitution—a course approved by his
own State, and by the dictates of his own con-
science.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana then moved the follow-
ing as a proviso to the third resolution, on which
he asked the yeas and nays
" Pi ovided, That nothing contained m these reso-
lutions shall be construed or understood as ex-
pressing an opinion of this Senate adveise to these
fundamental principles of this Government, ' That
all men are created equal, that they are endowed
by then Creator with certain inalienable rights;
that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness That the freedom of speech and of
the press, and the right of the people peaceably to
assemble to petition the Government for ledress
of grievances, shall never be abridged. That er-
101 of opinion may be tolerated while reason is left
free to combat it That the Union must be pre-
set ved ' But, on the contrary, all those constitu-
tional, fundamental, and political truths, are ex-
press'y recognised by this Senate."
Mi- CALHOUN expressed his regret that the
Senatoi irom Indiana, (Mr. Smith,) for whom he
entertained great respect, should attempt to em-
barrass the pai>sa?e of the resolutions, by the m-
trod'iction of an abstract proposition, not relevant,
an 1 in his opinion not calculated to have any salu"
tary eflei t. If the resolution  were incorrect m
prnicple, vote them down, but on ihe contrary, if
they were based on proper constitutionalground, why
not sustain them in a crisis like the present, which
all must admit to be dangerous to the best interests
of the Union
Mr SMITH of Indiana denied that he had ever
on any occasion, in that or any other body, sought
to do by indirect means what he cou'd do dnectly •
and addressed the Senate for some time in favor
ot the proviso oflered by him. Mr. S. said, if the
proviso was but an abstraction, as it had been
named, the resolution itself was no more; one
abstraction was surely as good as another, and if
the Senate is to be engaged in building up abstrac-
tions, those which he now offered were too ímpor-
1 tint to be overlooked, they were the abstractions
oí Washington and Jefferson, and might be safely
deemed as worthy of attention as the more modern
ones of present Senators.
Mi. CALHOUN observed that he had said
nothing of the truth or error of the principles con-
tained in the pioviso, but had simply entered his
piotest against its being attached to his lesolu-
tions. Was theie any thing in his resolutions
that infringed the light of speech oi the free-
dom of the press' When that was aimed at,
it would then be time to make the objection.
He had said before, and would repeat it, that the
only object was to have a common ground on which
all might stand, North as well as Soath, to repel
aggression Mr C looked to the true conserva-
tive (and to his mind the only conservative) pnnai-
ple, State rights, to „put down the dangerous spirit
of fanaticism in relation to the sinful and immoral
practice of Southern slavery, and which he verily
believed liad been raised into action m a great mea-
sure by the idea that the institutions of the South
were then institutions.
Mr. YOUNG of Illinois said: Mr. President, I
did not intend, after my remarks of yesterday,
again to have participated in this debate. The
Senator from South Carolina, (Mr. Preston) m
speaking of the domestic institutions of the South 
and especially in regard to slavery, says " hands
off" as to the slaveholding States, and they will
take care of themselves. He not only denies the-
power of the General Government to secure ana
protect the State institutions in every case, aifd
under every variety of circumstances, but solemnly'
protests against its exercise, as an unwarrantábj *<
and uncalled for interference. Now, sir, 1 Wjff
ask the Senator what construction he gives to the
third clause of the second section of the fourth ar-
ticle of the Constitution, which provide  'that " no
person held to service or labor m one State, under the
laws thereof, escaping into another, shall, in conse-
quence of any law therein, be discharged from such
sermce or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom such service or laboi may be due'"
Suppose the act of 1793, passed in pursuance of
this provision m the Constitution to enable owners
to reclaim their fugitive slaves, should be repealed;
that the General Government should, in accordance
with the opinion of the Senator, act upon the prin-
ciple of " hands off" in future, and one of the slaves
of South Carolina, owing service under the laws of
that State, should escape into Pennsylvania or
Ohio, and should be protected there, in what way
would the honorable Senator reclaim him' Would
he march an army against the offending State, and
make recaption v% et armis—with force of arms?
Surely not, sir. But, Mr. President, I believe,
upon reflection, that the Senator did say something
about his remedy; and that remedy, if I mistake
not, was to Aatig-the offender if caught within their
borders. I deny, sir, that any power exists in any
of the States to punish even Abolitionists for sup-
posed offences committed in any other State. The
same Constitution which secures to the slaveholder
the right of going into a non-slaveholdmg State to
recover his fugitive slave, equally protects the Abo-
tionist m the privilege of going into a slaveholding
State, if he chooses to do so, provided he commits
no offence against the laws of such State during
his stay within its limits. And shall we be told,
that if such a punishment should be attempted, that
there is no remedy, no sanctuary to flee to, under
that sacred instrument, the Constitution? Yes, sir,
there is a remedy; and that remedy is to be found
m the Federal tribunals of the country, acting un-
der the Constitution, whose bounden duty it would
be, m such an emergency, (which I will not allow
myself to anticipate) to interpose the authority of
this Government, and save the suffering citizen
from so palpable an infraction of his constitutional
rights. Why, Mr. President, any thing short of
this would immediately bring about a non-inter-
course between the States, and effectually destroy
that provision in the Constitution which declares
that " the citizens of each State shall be entitled to
all privileges and immunities of citizens in the se-
veral States."
But, Mr President, I will now speak of a very
different matter. It has been denied here, again
and again, that the Abolitionists have any designs
upon the institution of domestic slavery in the
States. I am astonished that the Senators from
these States should not have detected, and exposed
m a proper manner, one design at least, of a highly
important character, which, if not checked and re-
buked m time, is calculated to inflict a fatal blow
upon the peace and prosperity of this Union I
understand, sir, that under that clause m the Con-
stitution to which I referred as providing a remedy
in cases of fugitive slaves, the Abolitionists contend
that it is the rightful province of the Stale Legisla-
tures, and not of Congress, to provide that remedy,
and that, acting under this supposed influence, one
at least of the State Legislatures (that of Massachu-
setts) had already interfered so far as to provide
for a trial by jury in such cases I would inquire
of the honorable Senators from that State (Messrs.
Webster and Davis) whethersuch is the fact or not1!
[Both the Senators having denied all knowledge
of any such law or proceeding, Mr. Young pro-
ceeded ]
Then, Mr. President, I have been misinformed in
relation to this matter; and many of the Abolitionists
who would not intentionally mistake the truth, have
