24
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan* !&$&
25th Cong-"-2nd Sess.
Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. Young.
Senate.
also been misinformed and imposed on; for such has
been the belief. But, sir, this much I know of my
own knowledge, that Abolitionists are required to
circulate memorials addressed to their State Le-
gislatures, respectfully requesting the passage of
laws to secure the trial by jury, under State au-
thority, in all such cases. I handed to the Senator
from South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun) a few days
since a paper containing the form of one of these
memorials, which was given to me by a professed
Abolitionist, (and who is, in my opinion, in all
other respects, a christian and a worthy man,) as
containing an exhibition of their principles,, mo-
tives, and actions, by which it will be seen, that a
direct attack is in this way intended against that
leading principle in the Constitution, which alone
secures the possession and enjoyment of this great
interest of the South. And yet the Senator from
South Carolina, (Mr. Preston,) says "hands off"—
that they want none of our interference from the
free States. Then, Mr. President, why are these
resolutions here? Why are we of the free States
solicited to participate in their consideration, and
finally to vote upon them, if the South requires no
aid at our hands? Sir, we loo are interested in
settling great constitutional questions; and being in-
terested, will exercise our privilege of debating
these propositions, if we" choose to do so, and of
voting afterwards in such manner as our judgment
may direct, for the good of the whole. Sir, I
desire, under existing circumstances, that this pro-
vision in the Constitution, and the construction
now put upon it by the Abolitionists and their ad-
vocates, may not be overlooked. The Senator from
Ohio (Mr. Morris) has taken exception to my re-
marks on this subject. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a single question? [Mr. Morris having
replied in the affirmative.] Then I will ask the
Senator, whether under that provision in the Con-
stitution, which declares, that "no person held to
service or labor in one State, under the laws thtreof,
escaping into another, shall in consequence of any law
or regulation therein, be discharged from such service
or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of the
party to whom such service or labor may be due," it is
for Congress, or the Stale Legislatures, to provide
the remedy? If it is the rightful province of the
State Legislatures to direct the mode of proceeding
in such cases, then the act of Congress of 1703 is
unconstitutional, and ought to be repealed. But
if, on the contrary, it was not only the right of Con
gresS) (about which I supposed there could be no
diversity of opinion,) but was moreover its pecu-
liar duty to pass the act in question, then should
the Abolitionists know by our action here, if prac-
ticable, that in urging this matter upon their State
Legislatures, they were not only encouraging, but
actually insisting upon a violation of the Consti-
tution of their country.
Mr. PRESTON expressed some doubt in regard
to such help as the Senator just up had proposed.
If the Government should not protect the interests
of the South in accordance with the Constitution,
they would take care of themselves. The gentle-
man bad admitted that a slave could not be reco-
vered by an abolition jury in Pennsylvania, or
other non-slaveholding State; and yet he demanded
that the General Government should extend its
protection to incendiaries within the slaveholding
States. Mr. P. had heard it said that the institu-
tion of slavery could not exist without the aid of
this Government. This Mr. P. disavowed and de-
nie"d; and asked that the Government would let
them alone, except so far as they could in good
faith carry out all the provisions of the Constitu-
tion. Farther than this, he demanded that the Go-
vernment should let them alone.
Mr. ALLEN said it appeared to him there was
a general disposition on the part of the Senate to
have this discussion as limited as possible, and it
was therefore a source of regret to him to observe
the attempts made to embarrass these resolutions in
their progress. He was aware how easy it was to
throw obstacles in the way of any proeeedings
when persons are so disposed. He (Mr. A.) had
determined to offer, after the resolutions had been
passed, the following amendment, to be appended:
"That nothing in the foregoing resolutions is
intended to recognise the right of Congress to im-
pair in any manner the freedom of speech or of the
press, or the right of petition, as secured by the
Constitution to the citizens of the several States,
within their States respectively." But the course
taken by the Senator from Indiana would induce
him to move it as an amendment to the proviso,
to strike out all after the word " provided," and
insert what he had just read.
Mr. PRESTON thought the resolutions suffi-
ciently abstract in themselves, without being' em-
barrassed by any further abstractions. He (Mr.
P.) heartily concurred in the resolutions and the
sentiments contained in the provisos.
Mr. CALHOUN was willing to yield every inch
of ground that he could, to fortify those who saw
the danger that was pending, and wished to meet it
in a proper manner. He could have wished his
resolutions to have passed as he originally drafted
them; but that spirit of concession which he felt
under the responsibility he had assumed, would in-
duce him to vote for the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, (Mr. Allen,) because not adverse to the
spirit of his resolutions, and because it might have
a tendency to reconcile others not otherwise dis-
posed to sustain them.
Mr. MORRIS, adverting to remarks which had
been made relating to the punishment of Aboli-
tionists by State laws, said he regarded this and
other similar doctrines which had been advanced
in this debate, as subversive of all freedom and of
the institutions of the country. He insisted that all
classes of men had an imprescriptible right, above
all government, to the freedom of speech and the
right of petition. He repelled the imputation that
those who were unfriendly to these resolutions were
in any way unfriendly to the Union.
Mr. M. proceeded to defend the right of all rnsn
to trial by jury, which right, he insisted, was ex-
pressly guarantied by the Constitution. And if the
right to trial by jury belongs to every citizen, on
what pretext could a free State deny this right te
any man within such State? Could the State deny
it on pretext of color? Or could it be denied or
refused on account of the oath of another man
who might swear that any other man was his pro-
perty? He felt bound to declare his unqualified
opposition, and he would defend the rights of free-
dom of opinion, freedom of thought, freedom of
speech, and freedom of the press, to the latest
breath he might draw. No threats, no intimida-
tion, should deter him from doing his duty in this
respect.
Mr. WALL followed, and questioned the
right of the Senate to sit making creeds and draw-
ing up abstract constitutional codes for the people.
He thought the members of Congress were not
sent here to invent creeds and weave abstractions,
but to make laws; to legislate, not to make opi-
nions. He would vote for the amendment, but
against the resolutions.
The Senate adjourned.
MR. CALHOUN'S RESOLUTIONS.
n Senate, Wednesday, January 3, 1838—The second
resolution being under consideration, and Mr.
Morris having moved to strike out the words
" moral or religious;" on which he asked the
yeas and nays—
Mr. YOUNG said that he had risen to request
the honorable Senator from South Carolina (Mr.
Calhoun) to insist upon the form of the resolution
under consideration as it then was. Why, sir,
strike out the words political, mora!, or religious,
when it is known, or ought to be known, that this
is the identical language employed by the aboli-
tionists as the pretext for interfering with the do
mestic relations of the South ? Shall we not use"
terms as forcible, and as expressive of the object
we have in view, as have been used by them to
propagate their mischievous doctrines, which have
well nigh already arrayed one section of the Union
against another ? If I mistake not, Mr. President,
this is also the language of the Vermont resolutions,
of which we have had notice, and which are in-
tended to be introduced here by one of the Senators
from that State, (Mr. Swift,) but of which I would
not now have spoken, had they not already found
their way into the newspapers, and gone the; rounds
of the day.   This, sir, is the very ground upon
which the Abolitionists place the argument—that
domestic slavery¡ in every form, is " unbecoming a
moral and religions people"—and upon this ground
I desire to meet them.   Yes, sir, the question, if
we expect to effect any. good purpose by these
resolutions, should be met promptly and directly.
Gentlemen tell us that the object, aim; and end of
these memorials is abolition in the District of
Columbia—nothing more.   Is this the fact, Mr.
President?   On the contrary, do we not know,
does not every Senator know, that this movement
in the District, if successful, is intended to reach
slavery in every part of the country, under what-
ever form it may exist ?   Yes, sir, rest assured that
the abolition of slavery here is but a  a drop to
the ocean in comparison to  the great matter they
have in hand, and which, sooner or later, they
expect to see accomplished, regardless of the con-
sequences.    It is but the entering wedge to their
grand scheme of universal emancipation and eleva'
lion throughout the country.   Mr. President, how
can we mistake the object, if we look into the nu-
merous abolition papers which are continually laid
upon our tables, (from what quarter, or at whose
expense, I know not,) and which arc as constantly
filled with the grossest niisrepresentations and per-
versions of the Southern character, as connected
with the domestic institution of slavery, as it exists
under the Constitution in that portion of the Con-
federacy ?   I read these papers, sir; 1 have con 
sidered their purport, and cannot be mistaken lit
the opinion, that, a general war (a moral and reli-
gious one if you choose) upon domestic slavery, as
it exists in the South and Southwestern Stales, is
intended.   I wish the gentlemen from the South,
instead of throwing them into the fire, would read
them also, and they will soon discover, if they are
not already informed, the nature of this war, and
the weapons to be employed by one of the parties
to the contest, the better to insure the victory.  Yes,
sir, the garb of religion is to be assumed, and under
that specious pretext, the  Constitution itself is to
be first rent, and then torn to pieces.   Mr. Pre-
sident, I reside in a non-slaveholding State; the
people of that State arc essentially in favor of
emancipation, and t am proud of its free institu-
tions.   But, sir, as much as we prefer freedom to
slavery, the great mass of our inhabitants are as
decidedly epposed to all interference with the do*
mestic relations of the other States which differ
with us in sentiment on this all-important subject.
They regard slavery as it exists under the Consti-
tution of the United States, as not now a debatable
question.   That it is a right secured by that sacred
instrument,  which none can assail without doing
violence to its provisions, and to one of the cardinal
principles which induced a very large proportion
of our citizens to enter into the political compact.
But, sir, the State of Illinois has not left her sister
States of the South to doubt and conjecture as to
her position on this great question.    That State,
by its Legislature, has,  in the  solemn  form of
resolutions,  as far as she  could consistently go
without infringing the constitutional rights of her
citizens, stamped its seal of disapprobation upon
the doctrine of modern Abolitionism in all its
forms.
In assuming this position, therefore, upon this
floor, I but assert, as is my duty here, the senti-
ments of the great mass of my constituents, who, I
assure you, are sound upon this subject. But, Mr.
President, we are not without Abolitionists in Illi-
nois. We have a few, sir; some of them I could
mention flaying Abolitionism aside) are excellent,
amiable men. Some are my personal .friends, sir;
and I must do them the justice to say that I believe
they are conscientious on this subject. But, sir,
they are deluded; their philanthropy has taken a
false direction, and I tremble for the consequences.
Mr. President, I once thought, and so expressed
myself to some of my friends, that aD able, well
written report on the petitions presented hers,show-
ing the reasons, the whys and wherefores, against
such an interference, (as in the case of the Sunday
Mail question,) would quiet this disturbing topic.
But recent events have changed that opinion.
Do we not see whole States swept away* by' the
