Jai : Í83&                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                tf
•.%$&£. Cong"-2nd Sess.                                      Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. Smith                                                       -Senate.
tío  ofslavery, could be persuaded to let this sub-
ject aione; if they could realize that every move-
ment of theirs was productive ef evil, rather than
of good, he could not but hope that this torrent of
A;bolitionjsm would soon be checked, and all this
may possibly ba accomplished by the adoption of
tbi very resolutions now before the Senate. If the
Abolitionists see, as they must see, that the Senate
of the united States regard their efforts as .unwar-
rantable and as unjust, thry will at least turn their
thoughts homeward: they will at least ponder well
the great abstract truths declarad by the Senate,
and upon which rests the foundation of this Con
federacy; and he could not doubt that, from the
adoption of these resolutions, there was much to
hope, and nething to fear.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said when he offered
the amendment he did not intend to take part in
the debate; he intended merely to record Ids vote
ia silence, leaving other Senators to discuss the
matter, if they thought proper. Nor should he now
be driven from the course he had originally mark-
ed out for himself, was it not for the remarks of
the Senator from South Caroliaa (Mr. Calhoun.)
If that Senator had directed his arguments exclu-
sively against the amendment, he (Mr. S.) would
have left its defence in other hands; but it had
pleased that Senater to make his remarks so per-
sonal as to place him (Mr. S.) in a situation as
the mover of the amendment, which required him
to say something in its favor, and in reply to the
remarks of the Senator. That Senator had thought
proper to intimate that that he (Mr. S.)hadmoved
the amendment for the purpose of defeating the
resolutions by indirection. He would say to the
Senator that he had wholly mistaken the charac-
ter of the mover of the amendment. ;He could
assure the Senator that he would never resort to
indirection to defeat any measure. The Senator
would always find him ready and willing to meet
any propostion that might be presented directly.
He feared no other responsibility than that which
he was to meet in his State, in the discharge of
his public duties; and even there he had no hesita-
tion in believing that in this instance he was repre-
senting the wishes of an overwhelming majority of
the People. The Senator had objected to the
amendment on the ground that it was a collection
of mere abstractions. Sir, can the Senator be
serious? What are his whole resolutions but ab-
stractions? Have there been any petitions or me-
morials referred on the subjects embraced in the
resolutions? Were the resolutions reported by a
committee? Was it mtendeded by the mover to
engraft any legislative enactment upon them? No,
sir; they are the mere abstract effusions of the mind
of the gentleman himself; and yet the Senator ob-
jects to the amendment because it expresses 'ab-
stract opinions. Sir, if the Senator gives us one-
sided abstractions, can he object to be met by ab-
stractions on the other side? If abstractions are
tobe resolved here, let us have the whole of them;
let us not affirm a part of a creed, and not the
whole.
Mr. S. said he was opposed to the whole matter;
he could see no good that could possibly grow out
of these resolutions, and they may do much harm.
He was willing to leave the Constitution and its
exposition with the people; it was plain enough for
him, and he would say to the mover of these reso-
lutions, that if that instrument did not give the ne-
cessary security to the domestic institutions of the
States, no resolves of this body as to the extent of
the powers conferred by it could do it. The com-
ments of the Senate on the powers conferred could
neither enlarge nor abridge those powers. He
had felt opposed from the outset of these resolu-
tions, on the ground, in the first place, that they
were mere abstractions; and, in the second place,
that they denied, as he believed, the fundamental
principles, and acknowledged political truths, of
this Government. The Senator from South Caro-
lina, in answer to some remarks of the Senator
from Ohio, (Mr, Morris,) had stated that he did not
intend to abridge the freedom of speech or of the
press by the resolutions, and that Senator, a few
ihinutes ago, stated that he admitted the truth of
th* principles contained in the amendment he (Mr.
S.) had offered; if he was mistaken in the admis-
sions of the Senator, he would correct him.
[Mr. Calhoun said he had neither denied nor
admitted their truth.]
Then, said Mr. S. it is important that the Senate
should either deny or admit them. The Senator
says that the amendment is intended to overthrow
his resolutions by indirection. Does not the Sena-
tor see that he admits away his whole case, that
his argument proves too much? For, if the amend-
ment be true, and if the principles contained in it
are orthodox, and if, as the Senator admits, they
are antagonistical to his resolutions, it follows of
course that the resolutions cannot be correct in
principle. If the twe, the amendment and the re-
solutions, cannot stand together, which must fall?
The Senator justly claims for himself the honor of
being the author of the resolutions; he (Mr. S.)
laid no claim to so distinguished an honor in rela-
tion to the amendment. It was true he had thrown
it together, and presented it to the Senate, but it
emanated from greater and wiser heads than his.
The first part of the amendment was copied from
the Declaration of Independenci. Is it possible,
at this day, that the memorable ¡rnd glorious decla-
ration of those departed statesmen and heroes,
which stimulated the people of the infant colo-
nies to deeds of glory and renown, and which
has been thought worthy to form a part of the
Constitution of the Several States, is to be set aside
by the Senate of the United States, to give place to
the new-fangled doctrines of the Senator from
South Carolina? The next provision of the amend-
ment was copied from the first section of the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States. The
principles contained in it were considered so im-
portant that it was thought necessary to incorporate
it in the Constitution by an amendment, as it was
omitted in the original. Are these principles also
to be set aside, denied, repudiated, abrogated, anü
contemned by this Senate, because, forsooth, they
are antagonistical to the resolutions of the Senator
from South Carolina? These, with the next pro-
vision in the amendment which was copied from
Mr. Jefferson's inaugural address, are altogether
worthy of the high source .from which they ema-
nated; they are just such principles as freemen
must cherish. They recognise the doctrines for
which the patriots and sages of the Revolution
contended in that glorious struggle. The equality
of man, the freedom of the p;ess and of speech, the
right to assemble together in a peaceable manner
to consult on their common good, and to petition
the Government for redress of grievances, tolerating
error of opinion, but leaving reason free to combat
it—"error of opinion may be tolerated, while rea-
son is left free to combat it." Yes, sir, error of
opinion is not, in this country, to be met or put
down by the resolutions and opinions of this body
alone, unless our acts are seconded by public opi-
nion. These very resolutions may be, and he
honestly believed they were, founded in error of
opinion; but even they may be tolerated, while rea-
son is left free to combat them. Sir, these decla-
rations of the sage of Monticello should have a
resting place, and should be nourished in the hearts
of his countrymen. Yes, sir, combat error of opi-
nion by reason, not by gag laws, not by mobs, not
by inquisitions, not by establishing censorships over
the press, not by abridging the freedom of speech,
but by reason, holding the parties responsible for
the abuse of all these privileges, or rather lights, to
the party aggrieved; and then the question, what are
and what are not errors of opinion, must be left to the
final arbiters—the people, where they must be left
in every country where liberty dwells. The last
clause of his amendment was the celebrated say-
ing, he believed it was a toast on a public occasion,
of ex-President Jackson, " the Union, it must be
preserved." He (Mr. S.) had called this a political
truth in the amendment. Was he mistaken in the
character he had given it? He believed not. He
was satisfied that it was not only a political truth,
but it was a truth that met the hearty approbation
of every sane mind in the nation; and, while the
Senator from South Carolina is pressing his resolu-
tions—in almost every one of which a reference is
made, in some shape or other, to the possibility of
weakening or destroying the Union—is it not pro-
per, nay, more, is it not demanded,'of this bod.y-.% 
reaffirm that most vital political truth, n t^eJEínídS-"
must be preserved?" . Yes, sir, if we resaye 'álff'
abstractions, how can we do, less than Wjio'uit our
countrymen to these truths, and to say to them, in
the name of our country, Liberty and Union are one
mid inseparable, noto and for ever. Why do Senators
object to its adoption? Why not let the whole go
to the people togsther? Are gentlemen afraid to
trust them? If our opinions on these abstract ques-
tions are worth any thing to the people, let us give
them the whole of this matter. He, for. one, was
not afraid to trust them. If they decide errone-
ously, either for or against us, let it be remembered
that "error of opinion may he tolerated, whilst
reason is left free to combat it." If it shall be con-
tended by the Senator that he has been misunder-
stood, that he does not admit that the principles of
the amendment are opposed to the doctrines of the
resolutions, and contends that they can both stand
together, then the amendment is perfectly harmless,
and should form a part of the resolutions. He
was, however, grossly mistaken, or these resolu-
tions were not exactly what they seemed to be.
The Senator from Delaware (Mr. Bayárd) had
in part torn the mask from the first one; he had
clearly shown that it embodied the principles of
nullification as they are understood in the State
from which the mover came. He (Mr. S.) entire-
ly concurred in that opinion. But that was not the
only piinciple involved in the resolutions to which
he objected. In his mind it was clear that they
strike at the freedom of speech and of the press,
and the right of the people to assemble peaceably
to consult their common good, and to petition their
Government for redress of grievances. It will be
seen by Senators that they deny the right of the
States to "intermeddle" with the domestic institu-
tions of the other States. Now, sir, what does the
word "intermeddle," as it is here used, mean?
Does it merely mean that the people of the free
States have no right to go into the slave-holding
States-and excite an insurrection, or otherwise in-
terfere with ¡hat domestic institution? If so, it had
his most hearty approbation. But if the meaning
was, as he believed it to be, that to speak, write,
print, or petition, in the free or non-slaveholding
States, on any subject connected with slavery, is
"intermeddling" with that institution, then he put it
to gentlemen to saw whether the constitutional,
fundamental, and political truths contained in his
amendment were not directly controverted by the
resolutions.
Sir, these resolutions contain all the principles of
the alien and sedition laws, known as the gag laws
of the elder Adams, in a much more odious form.
The pretext for the enactment of those laws, his-
tory tells use, for his age prevented him knowing
any thing personally of the matter, was, that the
Government and its officers had been maliciously
and wantonly assailed in meetings, in speeches,
through the press, by caricatures and otherwise;
that the people were instigated and moved by fo-
reign emissaries hostile to our Government; that it
was calculated to bring the Government and its of-
ficers into disrepute with the people, and weaken,
if not eventually destroy, the Union. The facts
seemed to have been admitted by all. Well, sir,
what was the panacea of that day which the party
in power administered as a remedy for this alarm-
ing disease of the people? The alien and sedition
laws. And what was the effect of these laws on the
public mind? Why, sir, although they only pun-
ished the offence where it was false and malicious,
and allowed the defendant on trial to give in evi-
dence the truth of the charge, yet the people became
alarmed for their liberty. The great fundamental
and constitutional principles of our Government
were invaded. The freedom of speech, the free-
dom of the press, and the right of petition, were all
involved in the principle; and so odious did these
laws become, that they were greatly inarumental
in putting down the Administration of the elder
Adams, and in elevating Mr. Jefferson to the Pre-
sidential chair.                                                   ,
What was' the ground, Mr. President, occupied
by the Jefferssnian party of that day? It was the
very same which has been so frequently quoted,
and which Mr. Jefferson  perpetuated by incor-
