Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I-
22th Cong.--2nd Sess.
Mr. Calhoun's He/solutions—Mr. Calhoun.
1 at the same time, that the committee should be
i chosen chiefly of Senators from the North, where,
I to his view of the question, the brunt of the action
I would necessauly have to be fought.
*     Mr. CALHOUN said that he hoped the motion
would not succeed.   Much progress had already
been made in the discussion.   The first two and
leading resolution , which went to the character of
our political system, had already been voted on,
and, if he might judge from indications on all sides,
the discussion on the third had nearly terminated.
The three succeeding were m fact deductions from
the others, on which he trusted there would not,
alter what has been said, be much diversity of
opinion.
Should the motion prevail, he would consider
it but a mode of getting clear of the resolutions. He
had offered them as the antagonist of the Vermont
resolutions, and to ascertain whether, in the opinion
of the Senate, there was any constitutional ground
adequate to resist the assaults on our rights and
property, on which the slaveholdmg States could
•stand. The discussion had cleaily shown that
there was none other. On the right of lejectmg
abolition petitions, although, in his opinion, one of
the clearest that can be imagined, we of the South
were, unfortunately for the peace of the country,
in a minority. So, also, on the question of the
constitutional right of abolishing slavery m this
District and the Territories, and also on every
other paiacular question which has been attempted
to be raised on constitutional grounds, as a barrier
to our right* and security. What íemams, then,
short of taking our piotection into our own hands,
but to find some barrier in the general chaiactei
and structure of our political system1 and where
can we find that but in the view of the Constitution,
which considers it as a compact between soveieign
and independent States, fotmed lor their mutualpros-
perity and seem ity1* If we required pioof that these
resolutions assumed the only constitutional ground
which could give peace and quiet to the countrj,
and security to the South and West, it would be
found m this debate. He had challenged, again
and again, those who took a different view of our
system, to point out where protection could be
found in the Constitution accoiding to their concep-
tion of that mstiument. None had been, oi even
attempted to be, shown. It would, then, be in
vain to refei the resolutions, to discover some new
principle m the Cons itution calculated to effect the
object for which they were introduced. Nor would
it be more useful to refer them, to modify the
language or the details. They were abstiact reso-
lutions, involving little or no details, and he had
again and again avowed his readiness to make the
language acceptable to all, as far as it could be,
without sacrificing the principles on which they
rest, of which he had given already abundant
proof, and was piepared to give additional. But
the Senate must remember that the difficulty here-
tofore encountered did not originate so much in
any objection to the principles of his resolutions,
nor to the details, or any peculiar expression, as
the desire to ensiaft additional matter entirely fo-
reign to their nature or object, and the consequence
of which would be to obstruct their passage, or to
neutralize their effects if they should pass. This
difficulty could not be avoided, and a reference, so
far from diminishing, would but tend to increase it.
Thus thinking, he was constrained to conclude
that a reference would be fatal to the resolutions,
be the object of the mover what it might, and, with
this impression, should the motion succeed, he would
leave them to then fate, and, like the mover, he
wou'd decline acting on the committee should he
be appointed a number.
In assuming State lights giounds as the basis of
his resolutions, and calling a rally at this solemn
and dangerous juncture of that great, though m a
measure dormant, parly, which has ever professed
the State rights creed, he did not intend to imply
that gentlemen opposite to him, or the party to
which they belong, were Abolitionists, or disposed
tó countenance their crsed. On the contrary, he
believed that the great mass of the party was
sound, and adverse to the dangerous projects of the
fanatics, but candor compelled him to declare that
Jje could not loot to them in this hour of danger,
We had their good wishes, it is true. They
were even willing to vote it inexpedient and dan-
gerous to agitate the subject, but when we touched
the Constitution, and asked them what barrier, ac-
cording to their conception, that instrument con-
tains against then ínccndiaiy and mad projects,
they are silent. Their political creed not only ad-
mits of none, but, n fact, rouses into action that
dangerous spirit of fanaticism which threatens
to subvert our institution-.. He would repeat
here, what he had so often said This fell
spirit oi iginajed m that blind fanatical zeal, which
made one man believe that he was responsible for
the sins of others, and which, two centuries ago, tied
the victim that it could not convert, to the stake
After lying long dormant, it is now resuscitated in
anothei form, with no abatement of its blind fury
or thirst for blood The same responsibility which
the orthodox of formei times felt for the sms of his
heretic neighbor, which led him to the fagot and
the stake, the Abolitionist now feels for the new
species oi heresy which their imagination has con-
jured up in the Southern and Western States, fo
extirpate which, he is ready to drench the whole
South in blood. It is this responsibility for what
they deem our sins-, i.Inch Ins r us^d this fell sn -
rit into action ; and thou i onccntion cf ilieir respon-
sibility oiigmates in that mistaken conception oi
our system, which regaids it, not as it really is—a
union of States for the mutual good and secuuty
of each, but a great and consolidated community,
in. which the States ben the ?affie relation to the
whole as counties r'o to States, and, of couise, m
which the whole is íesponsible ioi all the parts
This is no new opinion w ith him. lit long since
foresaw, befoie this '■pint u as loused into action,
that tins false md dan.,cious vit.  of the Constitu-
tion would, one d i; oi another, lead to the stite ol
things in nhicl. wi now find oi isches, and so to'd
the Senatoi fiom Mi^siehu dp, (Mi. Webster,)
when he advocated hi consolidation dot tunes m
the discussion on the foice bul, m 1833, that such
would be the consequence, as he must lemembei
Thus thinking, the gentleman opposite must ex-
cuse him, if he could not, m the hour of danger,
look to them He thanked them for their good
feelings, and he accepted then avowal of opposi-
tion to Abolition with all sincerity, but he wanted
something moie sub tantial, something that would
not pass awav with the present incumbents, some
constitutional ban  r and guaiiinly, and for these
he was constrained to look to those «ho proiesscd
the opposite political creed How little leluinie
we can plaec on those who tike the view of 'he
Constitution they do, this debate has furnished am-
ple prcof The Senatoi from Indiana has been
among the most foi ward to disavow Abolition sen-
timents, and to express his good wishes foi Us and
our institutions, oi the sincerity of which he (Mr.
C) had no reason to distiust, and yet, while he
makes these avowals, he moves amendments to
these resolutions, which are intended to exhibit the
strength of our cause, in the very language of the
perverted creed of'1m Ab'dit'onists, and m which,
if he had suctieded, he would, m fact, not only
have neutiali/',il all the ml nckd< fleets oi IV icso
lutions, but would have  mn a triumpi inda
new impulse to those who e object" he e'rnout.cts,
and to whom he piofes es to lie =o much opposed
With this proof before him of the effects of his
creed, that Senatoi, and those v i*h whom he acts,
must excuse him il he turns fiom them to those
who profess opposite doclnnes, as allies in his 3 eat
conflict
I fear (said Mi C ) that the Senile ins not t' -
vated its view somciently to compidiend li, < v
tent and magnitude ol the ex tins e'angei. It \ ^
perhaps his m sioii 4iie n ] o '0 111 tc'i to t'i
future, and to moi < ag-iist d-> ig is uioogicai a
distance, which haJ invched him m many diffi-
culties, and exposed him often to tne imputation
of unworthy motives Thus he had long foreseen
the immense suiplus revenue which a false sis-
tern of legislation must pour into the Tieasury,
and the fatal coi.seq lences to the morals and in-
stitutions ot the country which must follow. When
nothing else could arrest it, he threw himself,
with his State, into the breach, to arrest dangers
Which could not otherwise be aj-r?sted, whether
wisely or not, he left posterity to judge,
saw with equal clearness, as clear as the 1
sun, the fatal consequences which must i
the present disease be not timely arresteáC*'
would repeat again what he had so often said on
this floor. This was the only question of suffi-
cient magnitude and potency to /divide this
Union, and divide it it would, or drench the coun-
try m blood, if not arrested. He knew now much the
sentiment he had uttered would be misconstrued
and misrepresented There were those who saw
no danger to the Union in the violation of all its
fundamental principles, but who were full of ap-
prehension wnen. danger was foretold or resisted,
and who held not the aulhois of the danger, bat
those who forewarned or opposed it, responsible
for consequences. But the cry of disunion by the
weak or designing has no terroi for him. If his
attachment to the Union was less, he might tamper
with the deep disease which now afflicts the body
politic, and keep silent till the patient was ready
to sink under its moital blows. It is a cheap, and,
he must say, but too certain a mode of acquir-
ing the charactet of devoted attachment to the
Union. But seeing the dangei, as he did, he
would be a traitor to the Union, and those he
lepiisented, to keep silence The assaults
d-uly made on the institutions of nearly one-
half of the States of this Union by the other—insti-
tutions interwoven from the beginning with their
political and social existence, and which cannot be
othei than, without their inevitable destruction,
will and must, if continued, malee two people of one,
by destroying every sympathy between the two
gieat sections, obhteiatmg from "their hearts the
1 ecolleetion of their common danger and glory, and
implanting 111 then place a mutual hatred, moie
deidly thin evei existe 1 between two neighboring
p opl<> since the commencement of the human
lace Tie feared not the calculation of the thou-
smds ol incendiary and slanderous publications
which wtie daily issued from an organized and
powerful press among those intended to be vilified.
They cannot penetrate our section, that was not
the clanger, it lay in a difleient direction. Their
cnculation m the non-slaveholdmg States was what
was to be dieadtd It was mfusmg a deadly poison
into lh" minds of the nsmg generation, implanting
in the.n feelings ol halted, the most deadly hatred,
instead ol affection and love, foi one-half of this
Union, to be returned on their part with equal de-
testation The fatal, the immutable consequences,
it not arrested, and that without delay, weie such
as he had piesputed.
The first and desuable object is to arrest it m the
non-slavch dding States, to meet the disease where
ltonguiated, and where it exists, and the first step
to this is to find some cimmon constitutional
ground on which a rally, with that object, can be
made. These reso'utions present the ground, and
the only one, on which it can be made The only
remedy is in the State rights doctrines, and, if
those who pi ofess them in slaveholdmg States do
1 ot rail) on !l em, as their political cieed, and or-
ffiiii7i  as a pirly dgi' 1st the fanatics, m order to
p 11 thrm down, th< Soath an I We t mil be com-
pellc J to take th' remedy into then own hands.
Tlie\ vtill then «land jnstircd m the sight of God
and m 111, an 1 what, in that event, will follow, no
moital cm anticipate.
Mr. Presiden , (said Mr. C ) we are reposing
on a volcano The Senate seems entnely ignorant
of the sia'e of fe< lings m ihf South The mad has
just TSnug it us intelligence of a most important
slop taken b, on = of the smther.i S'ates 111 con-
nection with ui's subject, which will give some
tonception of tin tone of felling uhish begins to
p 1    til n 1   IfOUlfl
A slave v as kidiipp) <?d ot sto en by some persons
belonging to a tiadmg vessel from the State of
Mame. The Governor of Georgia demanded a
surrendei of the fugitive criminals, (for such they
aie, be then motive what it may,) under the Con-
stitution, from the Governor of Mame. It was
not complied with The Governor of Georgia
brought the subject before the Legislature. They
have, as he understood, acted on «.'and unanimous-
ly passed resolutions on the subject, and, among
ofheis, one, if the su rrender of the fugitives be not
