34                                APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLBE.                     Dea. 18$7.
-----'----------------------'----------------J"----------------*-*™—*—T * "'"—* '"   ----------------'----------------.—---------    ■     .    .1---------,---------------                                                                                |    "-TV- '.  a
25th Co\-g-" ¿up Bess.__________Suppression of small notes in this District—Mr. Bromn.                                            ftensfcfy
.abuse ot power, but the practice had prevailed,
and had been kept up, under the sanction of the
Const tution He concluded by expiessmg a hope
that tho usolution would be duly considered and
aiopiul, and when the inquiry it embraced was
made, all would be enabled to ascertain to w hich
party the charge of corruption would apply. All
that he desired was full and impartial investigation
Mi WISE asked why the gentleman had ex-
P esse! so much gratification that he had "come
baofP  to the giound taken m this resolution1!
Whtfttliad he ever departed fiom the support of a
principle which was. But the dictate of common ho-
nest}' It had been the principle embodied in this
resolution which h&d recommended General Tack-
son to bis tavory and had indueed him to join his
eflorts with those of others, to bring him mto pow-
er, that he might reform this very mattci ot bar-
gain and sale. Who (cried Mr W ) departed
from ihe pimciple1 Did 1? Wasit I that sweived
Iro—u? No, never, let me tell the gentleman it
was General Jackson himself, it \va¡> he who da-
parted from every principle that had brought him
into power, ami had won for him the support of so
Urge a mas-a of the ability and lnteguty ol this
country, Toi never had there been a paity in this
Got eminent which embodied more able and influ-
ential men An amendment had then been pio-
pos 1 by him to pievent tins power of appointing
meniocrs ol Congress to office, on the express
ground that it it continued "conuption must be-
come the ordei ol the day " What had been Mr
AVS s uprise oil beholding hundieds ol thousand of
dollars lav ished on membeis ot Congrtss as ihe
emoluments ol office' On seeing them rewarded
with foreign missions for party services? Mr W
here leferred esnecially to the appomiment of a
minister to England, on which occasion hundreds
oí votes had been given with a \iewto that ap-
pointment (On this subject Mr. W spoke with
so much earnestness that much of what he said
was not intelligible to the reporter ) Did tne mem-
bei from Arkansas expect that Mr. W. would sup-
port a man for his principles, and then =tick to the
man when he openl/ violated all his principles'!
Was that modem democracy' If to advocate the
pure and strict principles oí Demonatic Govcm-
ment as laid clown in the Constitution was to be a
L-cmocrat, then he was one But he musí apms
bis le^retthat all the memheis ol the last Cori0icss
h id not been li c this gentleman horn Arkansas,
w ho was so r id} ior a fiee and open and hone st
mvestigati ii Thit, (exclaimed Mr W) that's
t íe ga ii' On that offer I give the gentleman my
hand. Lnt when 1 sojght lor just snch a i investi-
"atioi   how was I met1   Not by "the Gn atestand
I  est '     P   ini' every mouth htrmetic Uy sealed
against   k}   Wii there a man who d ire testify1
1 do not stand here, said Mi W for the succes-
sor to that Greatest and Best His f lends have
given him up The paper-., indeed, may still af-
fect to support him—they may ' Keep a stiff upjiri
1P,' as tie phrase is, but the game is up
T hey knaw the gam' is up And noit,,
peinaps, we may hc<a somt thing in favoi of
i free inqunv. I did rot brieve rtat baigain and
tie were to be the order of the day, though I op-
posed ihe A lmmistration of the honorable senlle-
u an fiom Massachusetts., (Mr Adams) But the
corrupuo is under Gen Jackson's Administration
were, in comparison, as mountains to mole-hills
Justice and truth requiie ihis acknowledgment at
10} hand* I have no objection that the gentleman
riom  Arkanws  should   vindícate  Gen   Jackson
II om charges which have now grown *tale But
if an investigation is mititi ted, I hope none will
'ellow the example of the Heads of Departments
a i the last Congress An investigating committee
wa° raised to search out tne con uptions of the Ad-
ministration before that ol Gen Jackson they had
free ac ess f> all the Departments, and ?n able
report was drawn up by Mr Hamilton, of South
Caio'ma, and what was the result1 What did the
committee find attei all their labor1 W hy, that
Mr Pleas^'i's nad reenvei pay lor a constructive
joume} Inquny on fiat occas on, instead of be-
ing staved ofl, was invited Had the =ame course
been puisued ihen as has been under Gen. Jack-
son's reign, it is very doubtful whether that Ad-
ministration could have been broken down. As to
the gentleman who was the Secretary of State, and
whose name wasso connected with the cry of bargain
and sale, I pledge mjself to investigate his course
in that matter Will you do the same. Will you
throw open the Indian bureau? the seveial Depart-
ments? the Post Office? And will you interpose no
Executive technicalities, as an obstacle, at eveiy
step1 Will you agree to inquire how many ap-
pointments weie made by Executive authority,
without the concurrence of the Senate? How
much of that secret service money, about which
such a cty was made against a former Admmistia-
tion, was evpend d on your political agents?
What interference there has been with the ireedom
of elections'! How many postmasters' contiacts
have been given to fosteied land companies. It
the gentleman is sincere 1} for an honest inquiry, I
go with him
Mr UNDERWOOD. I believe that the honora
ble gentleman fiom Virginia has pretty well atoned
for what I deem to have been his political sin in
evei suppoiting Gen. Jackson and his administra-
tion But I have a 1 ttle to say to him as well as
to the gentleman from Arkansas, on that matte 
Tor mysell, I hive stood alool I have, at leist,
not thit Mil to answer lor 1 believe that in what
General Jackson said on theeflects ol this appoint-
ing powei ovei membeis of Congress, theie was
much shiowd penetration into the springs which
opeiate on frail human nature, and I am anxious
to build up a wall, such as there corrupt tendenciek
ol onriiamte shall not be able to surmount, and I
am glad to see the lormer suppoitersot Geneial
Jackson c lining over to the same ground But I
must tell the gentleman lrora Aikansasthal he is
mistaken his iriendi were not in favoi of abolish-
ing this powei They repoited against the propo-
sition I have aright to say this, fori was myself
on the committee which made the lepoit, though in
the minority, and opposed to the repoit But I
will not go into the subject now I am older than
cither ot tho?e gentlemen, and I (eel myselt on that
giound entitled to give them a little advice They
aie opining icouiseof discussion which I depre-
cate i'hey both have been talking ol the appoint-
ments made undei Geneial Jackson's administra-
tion, and that which preceded it Now I beg them
t > have all tint maiter  out of this discussion cn-
tlltíl}
Mi WISC here rose to explain The gentleman
from Atkansas thought that the Administration
which preceded the last were all rogues Mr W
thought the last were and when rogues fell out, ho-
nest men were ipt to come by their own
Mr YELL, in repl} to Mr Wisi, disclaimed
having made any such chaige He had not said
that they were morally dishonest, and he did not
believe any thing of the kind His charge against
them vr,\% an oííset for then political sms He
would sav, however, that some of the parties were
Yankees, and had some small reputation for making
good bitrguim
Mr UJNDERWOOD resumed He hoped no
allusmn whatever would be made to the past, but
that the House would take up the question on it 
ow n merits, an 1 on the known principles of human
nature He believed the House would all concur
m the propriety of this restnction on the Executive
powei To indulge in these retrospects would only
prcv e"t the unanimity which might otherwise be
attained
Mr YELL replied thithp should not on this oc-
casion be driven into an investigation of charges
agamst either <Ydmimstiaüon He spoke ior him
self only, and not foi any paity He would sa>
to t íe gentleman, that he had ever been ready to
search out, and investigate frauds and corruption
at all times, and m all places, and he would tender
the gentleman his aid, by beginning at the State
Department, and proceeding regularly down to the
Post Office, if he desired inquiry The gentleman
(added Mr Y ) adonis that General Hamilton's
commute had ferreted out one ca^e of corruption—
I allude to ihe case of Mr Pleasants, and thai one
pi jne, nay one more than that could be found justly
charged against General Jackson's Administration
In alluding to this fact, I do but repeat, fiom the
report of the Committee on Investigation
Mr WISE. Has the gentleman read that re-
port?
Mr. YELL inquired if Mr W ise referred to
the minority, which he had himsell drawn up? If
ne does, (said Mr. Y ) I can in rm him that I
have not. He concluded by s ying, that as it
seemed to give some gentlemen 11 a certain qasrter
of the House some trouble, h • would withdraw
his proposition to go into an i vestigahon of the
corruption under the Admins ration of General
Jackson's predecessor, but sol cited, and invited,
the strictest scrutiny into the acts of General Jack-
son
Mr WISE Oh no, if one is to be investigated,
let both be  both or neither
The House then, on motion, adjourned
REMARKS OF MR. BROWN,
Of  North   Carolina,
hi Senate,  Tkutsday, December 21, 1837 —On the
bill to suppress the issue ol small notes in the
District of Columbia.
Mi BROWN said he could not see, in the pro-
visions oí the bill which had been reported by the
Committee on Finance, the slightest justification
loi the stiong and unqualified denunciations which
it had called forth fiom gentlemen who had s.poken
in opposition to it On the contrary, he returned
the membeis of that committee his thanks for the
prompt and efficient remedy which they had pro-
posed, to effect the suppression of an evil that he
< onsidcred a nuisance in the money circulation of
the District of Columbia
It was not his intention to enter into a defence of
that committee against the imputations which had
been cast on their motives, for having taken that
course which they believed called for by public
duty Tbey weie abundantly able to answer for
themselves, and to justify their own course When,
however, it had been intimated by the Senatoi from
South Carolina, (Mr Preston) that the issuing ol
small notes by individuals and corporations in this
District was viewed as a political offence against
the party now in power, and that the object of the
committee was to punish that offence by the pro-
posed measure, he must be allowed to say that there
was nothing, in his opinion, which in the slightest
degree warranted such a conclusion.
If it was meant by this expression that the put-
ting them in circulation was an offence against the
principles of sound political economy, then he would
entirely coincide with IheScnatoi, and believed the
often; e, in that point of view, deserved the correction
so apptopriately recommended by the committee
It had been charged against the party m power that
the issuing of small notes was a necessary conse-
quence ol their policy for some jears past in rela-
tion to the currency I Ir B denied that any such
consequence was pripcily deducible from the acts
and course of the late Administration Who had
been chiefly instiumcntal in banishing specie
change from tin  District, and fiom many of the
States, by issuing this spurious small note circula-
tion? If he had not been mucn mismfoimed, it had
been done almost exclusively b\ corporations con-
trolled by, and prívale individuals belonging to,
what is denominated the Whig party This had
been done in many States, in open contempt and
flagrant violation of their laws which denounced it
as an offence, and, to his astoni hment, had been
justified and applauded ' Yes, said Mr. B that
law-loving party, who aie ev er "oundmg the alarm
ol violated Constitution and violated laws agamst
tl   present Administiation, have openly approved,
nay more, applauded, this utter contempt and
pros^ation of law'
In some of the States in which statutes existed
as explicit and as comprehensive against offences
of lhat kind as tha human mmd could frame, legal
opinions, he learnt, had been given m justification
of the issuing of small notes, which, mhis humble
judgment, partook more of the chai acter of pro-
t'ssional astuteness than sound rational construc-
tion In this was afforded another exemplification
oí the power of the paper system to pervert and
bend opinion to an acquiescence m its most dan-
gerous assumptions of authority.   It overrides the
