Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBTL
S?
22th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Mr. Calhourfs Resolutions—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
might, while he adheied to abolition, althoagh my
own constituent1, have written to me inviting nn at-
tention to these resolutions, not because of the r ef-
fect upon the Abolitionists, but because they em-
brace other matters of high moment and of objec-
tionable chai acter. I would have taken the hazard
of disregaidwg frieze calls upon me, but I could
not be silent under the challenge of ihe Senator
The Senator says we can bring no objection
against his reso'utions while we vote against them,
inferring from oar silence that we vote in a blind
and senseless manner I deem his inference, from
his premises, wholly unwarranted, for the larg«r
portion of the votes we give are recoided without
offering the reasons to the Senate upon which they
rest. But I have many objections to these resolu-
tions, more than I shall find physical ability to ev-
press, and the strongest of those objections are to
their political character.
They are not called for, are not more efficient
than the measures now in foice, and can do no
good They die, as has been well said, (a part of
them at least,) meie abstiactions or avonals of ab-
stract doctrines no way demanded by the occasion
They embrace matters having no connection with
abolition, and call upon us to commit o irselves to
an interpretation of trie Constitution when there i->
no emergency aiismg m the course of oai pub! e
duty requiring us to give interpretation to lint in-
strument It is a'l unneces-saiy at'empt to influ-
ence the public judgment, and such works of supe-
rerogation are best let alone Any and all these
reasons are a most ample justification for voting
against ei en that which may seem to be right in
the abstract, for I would give no countenance to
making a creed of avowals for politicians, and to
the publicition by the Senate of abstract opinions,
merely because they may contain apparent truisms
They ought also to be useful, and put forth for
some useful public purpose The Senate •could
be foolishly emplojed to resolve that two added to
two make fotir
But, bir, the leading reason urged for disposmgof
the whole abolition matter is, thai the agitation of
the topic disturbs the public harmony and endan-
ger  the Union I am qmte disposed to resppct all
such ftars and apprehensions, when urged with
seriousness, to listen to public sentiment, and to
yield much to public judgment, and, sir, I am
happy to peiceive that the thought now and then
flashes across thf> minds of gentlemen that theie
are two erds to this Union, both of which should
fall undei the protection and paternal regaid of
this Government. We are the representatives of
the whole, and our affections and watchfulness
should be commensurate with the whole. Jt 15 our
duty to see that the whole Republic is safe. AH
interests m ust be regarded, al 1 rights must be pro-
tected We must look to public sentiment through-
out. No irt«iest, because it ic great and power-
ful, shou'd be peimiiied to absoih all public atten-
tion, or to cause a disregard of those of less im-
portance All must be nourished, all respected,
the rights of all so adjusted and harmonized by a
spirit of compromise and conciliation as to remove
all just cause of discontent. This is the way to
preserve the Union And ■yet, from the course of
argument here, one is sometimes doubtful whether
more than one end of the Union is thought of,
when all our vigilance, anxietv, and affection, is
demanded foi that end alone The íesolutions be-
fore us p'o^ose no measures for the general hur-
mony, but to give certain interpolations to the Con-
stitution favorable to the slave interest. This is 10
avoid the dissolution of the Union I cannot see
how the end is to be reached by the means, and
therefore am constrained to come to the conclusion
that matters other than abolition are wrapped up m
these resolutions.
Who is most likely to be discontented and to dis-
turb public liarroony—those that hold the direc-
tion of political powei, 01 those who hr-vc no
power except the foice of argument?
I wish to ask you, sir, what vonr recollections
are in regard to the history of public policy You
have probably for the last thirty years been a wit-
ness and participator m what has occuired here,
and your memoi y ca 1 go much bevond that You
JfRow what has been the public feeling on the sub-
ject of the integrity of the "Union, and what kind of
a reputation thos^ have acquired who hav e been
suspected only of agitalmg this alarming topic.
How stands the Hartford Convention in public esti-
mation'' How othet conventions and assemblies
of men of more recent date, who were supposed to
mednate unfriendly feelings to Ihe Union"! All
hostility to the Union has at at all times been View-
ed by the great body of the people with the most
profound sorrow and regret Those, therefore,
who engage in such treasonable purposes, do it at
the imminent hazard of character at least, for they
acquire a very unenviable reputation.
The Abolitionists can have no motive to dissolve
the Union They have never been charged with
such an object, to my knowledge. Their acts may
create alarm and discontent, which fay tend to
th it There may be selfish men among them, for
the ambitious always mould th" moving elements,
when they can, to aid their own selfish purposes
It would not be singular if such were found among
them, but their number cannot be great. But how
is ihe Abolitionist to be profited, it his vishes are
all realized' If all the slaves on the slobe were
made fiee, how will it mend his condition? In no
way whatever. He can gain ncth n by ihe
change. But they repudiate, and very propTiy,
all right to interfere with thp States, and confine
themselves to the Territories and the District of Co-
lumbia. Their views are thus limited 111 extent,
and to the attainment of an object in which they
neither have nor can have any interest which ex-
cites a selfish feeling, and which dees not, in fact,
touch the Union, or threaten it.
The worst, then, which can be said if them, by
their bitterest enemies, is what i« actually said-
they are deluded, mivgmded philanthropists, fana-
tics—heated with an unbecoming zeal These,
and such opprobrious epithets, have been applied
to the.n, but no one affirms that they aim at dis-
union, nor do I think any one can impute to them
any coriupt purpose. I do not mean to touch the
question of the expediency of their course in ask-
ing for immediate abolition in this District That
I will meet whenever the Senate will open it b, re-
ceiving their petitions, but not until then, for the
right of petition is the higher right, and must first
be vindicated. I shall, however, at all times go
for the Union, and the whole Union, and against
the Abolitionists if they propose to interfere with
constitutional rights or guaranties.
But I again íeturn to the inquiry, who is to dis-
solve the Union'' There cannot, I trust, be such
purpose here, for every day we hear the thought
deprecated, and the deprecatron mingled with the
most ardent patnotic professions of love and at-
tachment to the Constitution
Is the great s'ave interest to do i'? I appeal
again to your recollections, and to those of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and ask you whether an
mteiest, so powerful as to have majorities in both
Houses, and to maintain its ascendancy m the Go-
vernment, is likely to have occasion to secede
from the Union through fear or oppression7 S r,
this interest has ruled the destinies of ihe Republic.
Pot lortj Years out of fortv-eight years it has
given as a President fiom its own territory,
and of its own selection I do not advert to this
in tne tone of complaint, for it has bten
done at the ballot-box , b it ,'S a proof of
its great strength, tact, and skil', and of the
e\tiaord nary predominance it holds over all
other inteicsts, bending and shap ng them
to its purposes During all this time it has
not only had aPresidentsustaimngits own peculiar
view  of public policy, but through him his held
and us,ed, in its own way, the whole oigamzabon
of all the Departments, and all the vast and con-
tiol'ing patronage incident to mat olhce, to aid it,
and carry out it its views and polic , as well as to
protect it an I secure t   it eveiy a lvan'a«p
Let us explore a little turther, sir, and ^ee 1 o 
the Houses of Congress have been oiganized I
am sorry that I rely on memory a'one, foi I mav
possibly fall into erroi, but I shall be, I think, light
as far as I go, if not, the records czn easily be had
to conect me For thirty years out of thirty-six
years, that interest has f>lac d its own Speaker in
the Chair of the other House, thus securing the or
gamza'ion of committees, and the great influence
of that station And, sir, while -all other interests
have, during part of that time, had the Chair in
w hich you preside assigned to them, as an equiva-
lent for these great concessions, jetui each year,
when a president pro Urn. is ejected, who, upon the
contingencies mentioned in the Constitution, wtfl be
the President of the United States,, iha* interest has
invariably given us this officer. Look, I beseech
you, through all the places of honor, of profit, and
of privilege, and there you will find the representa-
tives of this interest m numbers that indicate its
influence. Does not, then, this interest hold the
destinies of this Republic m its own hands? Does
it not 1 ule, guide, and adapt, public policy to its
own views, and fit it to suit the action and products
of its own labor? Sir, I know that the politicians
of the slave country sometimes disagree about men
and measures of minor consideration, but, on the
great interest of slave labor and the protection of
slave propel t), they stand firmly together, and, like
a Macedonian phalanx, shoulder to shouldei, gather
round it, and, by mighty and concerted efforts, give
it the lead in public affairs against all opposition.
Sir, how can I bct'er explain its all-pervaduig in-
fluence, th3n to declare again that it moves this
Government over fifteen millions of souk, great
and energetic as it is, and disproportionate as is the
slaveholdmg population to  that of the free States.
With this mighty power in your hands, with
proof at every vote taken in this Capitol of your
ability to continue it, can you of this interest 'en-
tertain apprehensions for j our safety? What more
do you claim? What more can you have?
How can those who hold power be oppres-
sed by those who have none? How can those
who hold the power of this Government fear
il? I cannot believe there is occasion in the
mind of any one belonging to this interest for a dis-
solution of the Union, unless he be ambitious, un-
principled, and without hope of advancement. It
will be reasonable enough to meet danger from
other quarters when it threatens mischiet. But,
Mr. President, I must not omit some other proofs
of the tow ermg magnitude of the slave interest here.
It claims to itself and its exertion whatever of me-
rit there is in the overthrow of the policy of inter-
nal lmpiovements, and of having broken down and
rendered unpopular the policy oí so assessing and
collecting the pubUc revenue as to protect and en-
courage free labor. Over this last great interest it
claims a 'ignal triumph for having defeated it.
I need not multiply proofs of the zeal, activity,
and singular success of those wh# manage this, in-
terest The integrity of the Union is piobably quite
as important to the slave territory as to the free
I cannot, therefore, credit the suggestion that the
people of the South are so blinded to the r interests
as to court so calam.tous a result. What then is it
that shakes this great lepubhc so that it ¡eels upon
its foundations- so that we are brought to a so-
lemn pause here in ths public business, • and are
gravely and solemnly devising remedies to redeem
us from threatened rum? Sir, we have a set «f re-
solutions, nearly concocted, that are to go iorih
with healing power to calm the public mind, to allay
the outoieaktngs of fanaticism, and to tranquiliza
the raging elements. The opinion of the majority of
the Senate is to work out this extraordinary result
But I again ask, what is it that we are contending
with? What that threatens calamitj, and is thus
easily tobe subdued It is the Abolitionists who come
here in no vei) alarming numbers, though the
course pursued here has increased the aggregate, not
to threaten the Government or to menace the Union,
no, sir, not at all, but humbly to entreat and pray
3011 to abolish slaverv in th- D strict of Columbia,
where, I believe, ¡here are about forty thousand
peop'e of all coiors S r, they have claimed noth-
ing but the naht to beg and pray of the Sei ate to
use its power for this purpose? What more Hum-
ble and less objectionable right can be claimed by
man than the right of íespectfully entreating? Yet,
sir, the exercise of this poor privilege, by persons
mostly females too, has brought us into grave de-
liberation, to rescue the Union fromimpenrung dis-
soivion. Sir, 1 cannot participate 111 these feais,
nor persuade myself that such causes will produce^
