*8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0ÉE.
Jaft. It30f
25th Cong •••2nd Sess.
Mr. Calhoun's fiesolutiom—Mr. Callmun.
Senate.
such remits, or t'iat the Union will be attacked un-
less the provocation is given here.
These Abolitionists are in the free Stales. It has
often been sa'd, and was a day or two past reite-
rated by the Senator from Missouri (Mr. Benton)
that their book , papers, prints, etc. cannot enter
the slave country, and therefore wou'd do no harm
theie, even if the slaves could read, as they nevei
can reach them It seemed also to be admitted by
the Senator from Virginia (Mr. Rives) that there
is no objection to the discussion of the subject in a
Slate that perm.ts it to be agitated. Wheie, then,
is the alarming mischief What creates the great
excitement spoken of as existing in the slave teiri-
tory, and which I doubt not does exist? The ex-
citing matter is the debates published from this
Capitol; the exaggerated and highly colored pic-
tures of danger dawn here The evil is chargeable
home here, and the responsibility rests here The
effect was clearly foreseen, and the result foretold
It is but the natural progress of events that the ex-
citement of the people should react upon Con-
gress ; and I agree to the seatiment ofien expressed
here, that this tQpic, agitated in this place in the
manner it is, disturbs the public tranquillity, and
the practice ought to subside unless the mailer cin
he tieated more temperately. Theie would pi obi
bly be no excitement among the slaveholder it it
was not roused here , and there would be less here,
if the flame kindled elsewhere by tie breath ol
these halls did not impart its warmth to this body.
But, sir, I return to the inquiry, what is to be
hoped from these resolutions'! Where are their
healing properties, their power to assuage resent-
ments, and to allay irritated passions? Are wo now
agitating the matter to any useful purpose' I read
them, and while a part oí them seemed to me to
contain certain doctrines on slavery according with
the sentiments of the mover, the residue seemed to
be amere avowal of a political creed. Not being
quite certain that I was right in the matter, I was
confirmed when my friend from Delaware (Mi.
Bayard) rose and expressed the same sentiment
They professed to treat of abolition, but the wor-
thy Senator declared that, on lifting the veil, he
had discovered nullification concealed under Ihe
first of the series He pointed the little fellow out
to us hidden snugly tinder a ihm covering of State
right gauze.
How, sir, I ask tl,e Senate to look at that le^olu-
tion.   It is in these words
" Resolved, That in the adoption of the Ftd< ral
Constitution, the States adopting the same v oil,
severally, as free, independent, and sovereign
States; and that each, for itself, by its own volun-
tary assent, entered the Union with the view lo us
increased security against all dangers, domestic as
well as foreign, and the more perfect ai.d secure
enjoyment of its advantages, natural, political, and
social."
And to inquire whether it has any nppaient ioi-
nection with the abolition of slavery. The movei
has already been asked what he meant bv this re-
solution? How it is pertinent or applicab'e to th<
matter in hand. What was his ansnei? Did he
say it was te allay excitement, lo suppre s debate,
or to check petitions? No, nothing of this—but he
did, in substance, affirm that it was introduced as a
sort of constitutional platform, upon which, as a
newly discovered footing, the Senate wrre to gather
together and stand at this momentous crisis The
Constitution itself, without Senatorial am«ndments,
is broad enough and good enough for me to s'and
upon. Sir, there have been man} platforms, creeds,
and confessions of faith, all of which aie designed
to die down freedom of thought and action, and
which in general I do not believe have subserved
any valuable purpose They are designed to carry
out particular doctrines, and s() the Senaloi fioni
Carolina avers m resrard to his He savsit em-
braces the doctrine of '98, ard it is rxp"dient occa-
sionally to reiterate fundamental rnneip'es Matin
Chartawas reaffirmed, Pnd he if< the proir'tv,
even upon this cession, m ^iterate ,id reifim
the fundamentals n' ibp <Wt neof 08
What, Sir, is the dytrmeoi 98 The Senator
has had some bitter expenencp in this matter He
knows where it led him; he knows what results he
has contended for under its authoiity, and he knows
that many others, now on ibis floor, who claim to'
respect with equal deference the doctrines of '98,
navelled paths widely diveigent Iron  hit; paths so
opposed that they led to sharp, bitter, and alarming
conflict. Tins ought to teach the Senator not only
the folly, but the danger, of putting forth abstract
theories upon the Constitution.
But the Senator advances this theory because it
contains the only con-ervative principle—the only
remedy for the slate States. And what is that
coribervative pi inuple, and what the lemedy? The
Senator fiom Delaware, in giving definition of the
meaning of ihejio-olution, solved, peihaps without
designing it, this principle and remedy. The
mover's view of States rights is, as I understood
them, that the United States ate confederated oor-
poiation , each apaity to the Constitution tn the
nature of a treitj or confederation, and when this
Government, or perhaps one of the States, m the
judgment of a State, shall violate this compact, it
may declare the «hole contiact void, because it has
been broken, nnd ceaso to observe it with the same
tieedom and upon the same principles that one na-
tion decíales a neat) null bet anse the othei party,
in its opinion, has violated, it This must be the
Kinedj—the iuht to receds fiom the Union when
i Si Up sees cause, and what is this hut nullifica-
tion'! Ti <% io^ Uutum i capable of two coustruc-
lions one ti beii out the Sena'oi'b view, the other
the new ol tho¡.e who hold to a diffeicnt construc-
tion of the Constitution, and still call themselves
Sfite rights politicians. But what advantage can
theie be m avowing an opinion that can only excite
controversy about its meaning It is futile to
attempt to make the Constitution broader or nar-
rower, for we have no power to add or diminish.
We may sanction puzzling theoties about the pro-
bable intention of the United States, but the Con-
stitution must nnd will speak for itself, be the
opinions of this Senate what they may. The pub-
lic will look upon such acts as they are—unneces-
sary, and obligatory upon nobody, as mere attempts
to give direction to the public judgment.
Sir, I a It the Senator ami the Senate to read the
preamble to the Constitution, \ihich I ¿low bun™ to
their attention
"We, the Peop'u of the United Slates, in order
to form a. more perfect union, establish justice, m-
sun domestic u inquilhty, provide lor the common
defence, promote the general nelfaie, and secure
the blessinss of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity, do orditn a*id establish this Constitution for
the United Slates ot Ameiiea,"
And compare it with this first resolution, observe
its unequivocal language, "we, the people," etc
ms'ead of the Suatos, as corporation -, and see how
they will stand together But, su, I will not dwell
on tti s ip?tl r, ii ueh his been aga n and again ar-
gued In the best talent in the countiy I care not
wheihei the Constitution was made by the States,
as corporations, oi otherwise, it maltes no provi-
sion for nulti ¡catiun, gives no countenance to it,
but leaves n to stind on such theories as human
invent on has orougM tn its did. lam in no re-
spect d spiel to rruve it, ¡fcincc it hns met with
i ¿n il pub1 e eondomn-st on, and therefore shall
v no < g'insí all ibstne, ons where us beed is sown.
It is no p t ol iny duH tost here forming creeds
and confessions of faith ioi the purpose of experi-
menting upun pub! c opinion The people, I hope,
will think and act for themselves, and will be too
wise to entingle the r understandings m the meshes
of politicians
What is the second resolution' It seems de-
igned to nomt out the duties of the States tow ards
one another in regard to tneir domesticmstitut ons,
and the duty of this Government to protect each
biate in the enjovment of all such domestic insti-
tutions, and to restrain such States ps assail
l lose of other S?'es. This coun'ry stretches
through a vvieie space of the earth—embraces
twenty-six Siat°s—sohip almost under a vertical
sun, \s i ¡put \c(s aie in (be region oí fiost The-e
dom"s¡ r. Ds itn jns, •««- a'l know, nust be vari-
os and different une'er different rrcumstances.
Those, fi <■ exaint 't, suited lo Loins ana, will be
'II fitted for Vermont The news of different
States upon the necessity, character, and expedien-
cy of domestic institutions will always conflict, and
oar organizado  was designed for that very pur-
pose. The right of speech, the freedom of the
press, the liberty of discussion, are domestic in-
stitutions; and are we to be restrained in the exer-
cise flf any of these precious rights, because others
difrerTrom us in opinio , and may hold our rea-
soning against their institutions injurious? These
matters ail belong to the States and it lies with
them to íegulatc them at pleasure, and without re-
lerencs to the views or opinions of other States.
11 the design is toclothe this Government with power
lo abndge the privileges of the States, then the Se-
nate can exercise no such authority, and had bet-
ter pause before it acts
But, Sir, I must bring my remarks to a close, as
the state of my health will not permit mo to pro-
ceed.    I intended to have examined the charactei
of these lesolutions moie in  detail, and to state
more fully my objections, but I must forbear.   I
cannot, however, sit down, without asking the Se-
natoi from South Carolina again—why he incor-
porates political doctrines with this matter—why
he mingles with slavery the annexation of Texas
to the United Slates?   He says we must go back
to elementary principles, to fundamentals.    Go
back fi om whei e, and what are we to go to? Sir, both
you and the Senator participated, but with quite
ihfteient sentiment , in  that act of this Govern-
ment sometimes called the Force bill, andeaeh oC
jou had your opimons^upon that celebrated paper
called the Proclamation.    You were then arrayed
against each other.   The Senator is about to go
hack, and asks the Senate  to go with him; and
they do go with  him, but where from, and where
to?   He cannot be going to the Force bill, or the
Pioclamation; and doubtless he considers the Se-
nate as  going from them, back to what?   I have
endeavored to show the character of the first reso-
lution, and tlu   construction which may be  put
upon it.    It m ly possibly be considered an attempt
lo renew a creed which the Force bill and the Pro-
clamation bad íenderecl ot doubtful authority. For
myself, I had little sympathy with  those who so
much lauded  the Proclamation, or so much con-
dumied   the bill.    The quarrel  was between parts
of the same States rights party. Having drawn the
attention of the Senate to the use which I fear may
bj made m the country of this resolution, I shall
not at this time proceed further
Mr WEBST1JR expressed a hope that, as Mr.
Davis was now (from indisposition) too much ex-
hausted to continue his remarks, the Senate would
adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS replied that he should be glad to
submit some further remarks, but. could not pro-
ceed now, and would not request the Senate to
stop the progress of business on that account.
Two  divisions were then had on  the adjourn-
ment, when the Senate refuse! to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS then resumed his seat.
Mr. CALHOUN robe and said, that before he
should notice such observations of the Senitor from
Massachusetts (Mr. Divis) as he deemed pertinent
to ihe question before the Senate, he felt it a duty
which he uweel to himself,   to  state  distinctly the
position which he had  hereto'bre held m relation
to the subject of these resolutions     It is not true,
as the Senatoi supposes, that my views in relation
to the propel   course to be  taken have prevailed.
It is just the revei se    Mr C said he had, he be-
lieved, been m a standing minority from the time
the subject of abolition was first agitated in this
body till the introduction of these resolutions, and,
although he had steadily objected to the reception
of any abolition petitions, so far from taking a lead
in laying them on the table, as the Senator stated,
he had net, m a single instance, made such a mo-
tion.   He wis,  on the contraiy, wholly opposed
to the course     fie had never doubted the folly ol
the position, that we were bound to receive peti-
tions, but might lay them immediately on the table,
without consideration or discussion    In the ori-
ginal debate, he told the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, (Mr Buchanan,,) who took a lead m favor
of ihat course, that it was utterly inelefensible, and
that the reasons he (Mr. B.) assigned to prove that
we were bound to receive, would be equally cogent
to show that we were bound to refer^ report on,
discuss, and decide on them.   He atoo told bis*
