Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Co\tg- — 2\'1> Sess.
43
Reference of President's Message—Mr. Murray.
H. of Reps.
to twenty, and some of it as high as forty per cent.
And these are  the banks we are" called upon to
make the  depositories of the public moneys.    To
renew between them and the Government the for-
mer connection, dissevered and broken off, not by
any fault of the Government, but by the default of
the banks.    By their suspension of specie payments
they ceased to  be the depositories of the Govern-
ment, and shall we again select them to perform
a trust for which their past  history and their pre-
sent condition show them to be disqualified and
unfit,    flow did they use the former deposites com-
mitted to their charge'   Banked upon them, sir,
m such manner, and to such extent, as t  prostrate
the country, and to put it out of their power to return
them to the Gevernment when called for and needed
And who are they who now insist upon a renewal
of this connection  of the Government and the
banks'   Mostly those very gentlemen who opposed
this very system in the  days  of  its prosperity.
Who inform us that they predicted its ruinous
consequences, and who now admit many of them
that they have no confidence in it.   They opposed
the system when it  " worked  well," when   the
banks punctually received, transmitted and dis-
bursed the public moneys, successfully regulated
the exchanges of the country, and redeemed their
paper and other credits in specie.    Now they sup-
port the system after it has failed, and the banks
have ceased  to perform these important duties and
functions.   Such is the course pursued by gentle-
men. Reasons are no doubt abundant and satisfac-
tory to those who take that course, and it is very
far from  my purpose to impugn those reasons.
One of the principal, no doubt is, that the Admi-
nistration and its friends, upon whom all responsi-
bility is said to rest, have found themselves com-
pelled to oppose it.    Sir, it was a strange story to
me at the late session, that all responsibility de-
volved upon the  friends of   the  Administration,
that it was to them the country must look for every
thing resulting from the actionof Congress, whether
for good or for evil.   That those opposed to the
Administration came here, not to bring forward
any proposition,   nor  to   support any that was
brought forward; but to stand m the door, to ob-
struct the ingress and regress of the measures, and
to embarrass and break them down.    Ifitbetrue
that the friends of the Administration are only re-
sponsible to the country, it behooves them of course
to beware of the measures selected, to ponder well
upon their consequences, but at the same time to
support with zeal and efficiency such of them as
ffeey may believe will redound to the good of the
nation.   Those who have only to throw obstruc-
tions and embarrassments m the way, have   a
much  easier   task  to  perform.   They  may   at
all times be content that nothing has been done
For my part, I came here with very different feel-
ings    I came prepared to do iny duty to the coun-
try, regardless of party trammels.   I wat. willing
to accede to any reasonable compromise of policy
for the purpose of rescuing the country from the
thraldom under which it was placed.   I thought
the rehef of the country much more important than
the dommancy of party    I was willing to support
a project for a national bank, if that were to be se-
lected as the means of relief, and one could be or-
ganized oh principles of reform and compromise,
in such manner as to obviate  the  evils and dan-
gerous tendencies of the late Bank of the United
States , and all were well aware that no such in-
stitution could be established unless it should be the
result of compromise    That such  an institution
could be created, subject to the control and super-
intendence of the peop'e's representatives in Con-
gress, and therefore a safe depository of the public
moneys—a useful agent in managing the fiscal
concerns of the Government—a successful regula-
tor of the exchanges, and the dispenser of a sound
currency to the people, I have no doubt    Here I
will take occasion to observe, that pending the reso-
lution of the Committee of Ways and Means at
the last session, declaring it " inexpedient to esta-
blish a national bank, it was my intention to sup-
port the proposition of my much esteemed col-
league, (Mr. Pope,) submitted by him with the
view of being offered in due time as an amená-
ment of the original resolution.   His proposition
was in the following words
"That, to aid the fiscal operations of the Go-
vernment, the business and commerce oí the coun-
try, to íestore public and private confidence, and
to ensure to the nation a sound and uniform curren-
cy, it is necessary and propei. to establish a Bank
of the United States, with such capital as m.iy be
deemed sufficient, with such bmitationsand restric-
tions as will ensure an equitab'e distribution of the
stock among the States and the citizens of the
United States alone, prevent excessive issues of
notes, exorbitant profits, all interference with the
politics of the country, and reserving to Congress
the power of preventing and conecting abuses of
the charter "
This proposition assumes it to be good policy to
esfablish a bank that shall not ' interfere with the
politics of the ceuntry," nor make upon the peo-
ple unequal exactions from an equal "distnbution
of its stock among the citizens of the several
States," to be prevented from unsettling the value
of the property and fortunes of the country, by
"restrictions" upon its "issues" and the "profits"
of its stockholders; and to be placed under the
control of "Congress," by "reserving" to that bo-
dy the "power," at all times, "of preventing and
correcting abuses m its chattel." As an abstract
proposition, it conforms very much to my opinions
on the subject, if a bank weie to be created on the
principles assumed; though I should prefer one on
different principles. Whenever the gentleman,
however, shall bring forward a project for a bank
which will have the practical effects in its opera-
tions upon the countiy described in his proposition,
it shall have my cordial support. Although the
whole procedure on this «ubject was intended to
have no practical effect, being introduced merely to
elicit the opinions of the members, I should never-
theless have been much gratified if a vote had been
taken on tne above proposition. It was not al-
lowed, howevei, tobe submitted, as on the morning
of the 5th of October, when a large portion of us
were absent, not expecting the subject to be uncere-
moniously disposed of at that time, the original
resolution was taken up, all the propositions to
amend cut off by means cf the "previous ques-
tion," and the House forced to vote on the resolu-
tion of ihe committee without furthei consideration
or debate. A justification for this course may per-
haps be sustained upon the ground, and upon that
ground only, that nothing practical was intended
by the proceeding—there being no proposition be-
fore Congress to establish a national bank, and it
being well understood that ihtie would be none, as
two of the co-ordinate branches of the Government,
the Executive and the Senate, ha ddeclared against
bank of any description , and it being also known
that a considerable majority of our own House en-
tertained the same opinion--. As it was only in
tended to brmg forward a declaration of ihe senti-
ments of the member, it w as not important to my-
self, as my opinions on the subject were fully de-
claied and well understoodmmyd'strict previous to
my election But, sir, whilst on this subject, I
must also take occasion to say that, in creating a
national bank, it has never been contemplated by
me that the interest of stockjobbers and specula-
tors must be consulted, that a company oí corpo-
rator must be ennclied, though the safety of the
people be jeoparded, that to them must be dele-
gated the power of controlling at will the monetary
concerns of this vast nation, to sport with the pro-
perty of our citizens by the expansions and con-
tractions of Us issues, to c aim and use the ciedit
of the Government m speculating upon the coun-
try, and making upon the people uneqaal exac-
tions, to have the control and custody of-the pub-
lic moneys, and be at the same tme n responsible
either to the Government or the people, and there-
fore to Ime it in then power (as v\as lately pos-
sessed and exercised by, a great institution) to
defy the action ot Cous;re«s, to make war upon the
Government, to corrupt the public franchise, to
subsidize the piess, and to arrest the operations o!
the Government, as might suit their ctipiditv oi m-
cess ties, bv withholding her funds Mr. Jeflers^n
was certainly right when he said that "such an in-
stitution, lamifymg -with its branches every portion
of the nation, acting'm phalanv and by concert,
might, m a critical conjuncture, upset the Govern-
ment." From the relief of such an institution may
God save my country The protection it would
afford would be the protection of the devouring
vulture; its contact with our political institutions
as poisonous and desolating as the atmosphere of
the bohon upas.
But a national bank, of any description, is
known to us and to the nation to be wholly out of
the question. So much so that the most zealous of
its friends must admit that it would iie a useless
waste of time and money, and trifling with the pa-
tience of the people, to bring forward such a pro-
position. Shall we, then, supinely fold our arms
and do nothing1 or, what is worse than nothing,
spend the time of the House in party charges and
recriminations for the unenviable purpose of exas-
perating the peeple, and diminishing their confi-
dence in the worth and stability of their Govern-
ment' Or shall we, like real friends of the country,
inquire, in a conciliatory spirit, what ought to be
done, and, at the same time, what can be done'
Can any available measure be brought forward
with the prospect of success, that will be preferable
to the recommendations of the President' I have
patiently listened to all that has been said agamst
the Message with no other view than to arrive at
truth. I have heard much of argument, it is true,
both plausible and ingenious; but I think I have
heard more of bold assumptions, of bitter denuncia-
tions, against the President, against his history,
against General Jackson, against his friends, and
agamst his measutes. At lime^ we have been en-
tertained with the charge that "Uncle Sam" is too
whimsical and capricious and unsteady in his af-
fections, that he was lawfully affianced and wed-
ded to his first spouse, the Bank of the United
States, that he capriciously and injudiciously di-
vorced her for the illicit purpose of espousing his
deposite banks, amounting to upwards of eighty in
number, which espousal, it is supposed, was not
altogether conformable to public taste and good
morals, that 1 eing now a little piqued with these
spouses, m consequence of their extravagance,
they having made a little too free with his money,
he has got into a pet, and conclu led to live a life
of celibacy, which, it is insisted, is more unreaso-
nable than ever, and_ that Congress should no
longei sanction his whimsical notions. For my
part, I cannot admit that Uncle Sam is so much to
blame; the pro\ ocation seems to have been alto-
gether on the part of his eighty spouses; they ap-
pear to have been regardless of their plighted vows,
and unfaithful to their engagements, they appear
to have conspired to break him up by seizing
upon all he was worth, locking the doors
against him, and refusing to let him have
back anv portion of his money, not even
enough to pay his agents and laborers. On
the othei band, I think his determination to
foim no moie such connections is perhaps well
enough, the lesul', no doubt, of n-ature reflection
and eipenence. If, like many others, m his youth
he tormed an imprudent connection unsuited to bis
genius or his constitution, or if since he has been
led astrav by the lures of a meretricious engage-
ment, it is time for him to reform, to give up and
abandon the eriors of his youth, and adopt and con-
form to habits more suitable to his years and con-
dition
The country has also been frightened with the
assertions that the recommendations of the Message,
it adipted, "will plfce in the hands ot the Presi-
dent of the United States the control, the full, com-
plete and exclusive control of both the purse and
the sw Q'á of the nation,' and, theiefoie, put it m
his po-w er to subvert the libeities of the country
and subjugate and enslave cm citizens This was
lo me a very novel doctrine, as it never had oc-
curred to me that, undei our Constitution ml form
ot Government, the President cotí d control eithei
tht purse or'lie sword of th s nilion In Great
Bi tarn ihe Kirg is said ¡o have ihe con*rol of the
sword, and Parliament tht cwntioi of the purse.
Tie p uier letamed by Parliament over the purse
is supposed to be a sufficient checkupon.the power
over the w>rd conceded 'o the crown. The Kin;
can declare «ar, Taise armies, equip fleets, &c ;
but the supplies or monev, which is to pay or de-
fray the expen i>«, mu't come from me Commons..
