Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th Cqn'G""2xi> Sess.
Mr. Calhoun's Resolutions—Mr. Calhoun, Clay.
59
Senate;
possible benefit which could be accomplished by the
abolition.
Reso'ved, therefore, That it is the deliberate judg-
ment of the Senate, that the institution of domestic
slavery ought not to be abolished within the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and it earnestly hopes that all
sincere friends of the Union and of harmony and
general tranquillity will cease to agitate this dis-
turbing question. But the Senate feels itself, at
the same time, constrained, from a high sense of
duty in respect to the constitutional right of peti-
tion, to declare that it holds itself bound to receive
and respectfully to treat any petitions, couched m
decorous language, which may be presented by
citizens of the United States, touching slavery
within the District of Columbia.
Resolved, therefore, That, upon the presentation of
any such petitions, they shall be received, and re-
ferred to the appropriate committee.
Resolved, That it would be highly inexpedient to
abolish slavery in Florida, the only Territory of
the United States in which it now exists, because of
the serious alarm and just apprehensions which
would be thereby excited in the States sustaining
that domestic institution; because the people of that
Territory have not asked it to be done, and, when
admitted as a State into the Union, will be exclu-
sively entitled to decide that question for them-
selves; and, also, because it would be in violation
of a solemn compromise, made at a memorable
and critical period in the history of this country, by
which, while slavery was prohibited north, it was
admitted south of the line of thirty-six degrees and
thirty minutes north latitude.
Resolved, That no power is delegated, by the Con-
sÜ'ntion, to Congress, to prohibit, in or between the
States toleraling slavery, the sale and removal of
such persons as are held in slavery by the laws of
those States.
Resolved, That, whilst the Senate, with painful
regret, has seen the perseverance of certain citi-
zens ef the United~~States in the agitation of the
abolition of domestic slavery, thereby creating dis-
trust and discontent and dissatisfaction among the
people of the United States, who should ever che-
rish towards each other fraternal sentiments, it be-
hold?, with the deepest satisfaction, every where
prevailing an unconquerable attachment to the
Union, as the sure bulwark of the safety, liberty,
and happiness of the people of the United Slates.
There is nothing abstract or metaphysical in
them. They relátelo the abolition of slavery in
the States, in the District of Columbia, and in Flo-
rida, the only Territory of the United States where
it exists, and to the sale and temoval of slaves in
the States whose laws recognise the institution of
slavery. They cover the whole field, and nothing
but the field: they have no ulterior views. They
approach the subject in hand directly, without the
necessity of any interpretation. They do not seek
to renovate any party, nor to place the high inte-
rests to which they relate in the exclusive custody
of any one party. Resting upon, and sustained
by, the Constitution, they appeal to the sound
discretion, the sober judgment, and the patriotism
of all parties. I may not ask the sense of the Se-
nate to be expressed upon each of them; but I
shall offer that relating to the District of Colum-
bia, and that to the Territory of Florida, as an
amendment to the fifth resolution, submitted by
the Senator from South CaroHna. I think the
charge upon the petitioners of intermeddling with
abolition in this District is harsh, and that some
less offensive word should be used. The District
of Columbia is the seat of the common Govern-
ment of the United States. It was ceded for that
express purpose. Each State has as much inte-
rest in it, and as much right to petition about any
thing within, it, as any other State, and no more.
Nor can I concur with the resolution, in declaring
that the abolition of slavery in tire District of Co-
lumbia would be a direct and dangerous attack
upon the institution of slavery in the States. I
am prepared to say that it would excile " a de-
gree of just alarm and apprehension in the States
recognising slavery, far transcending, in mischiev-
ous tendency, any possible benefit which could be
accomplished by the abolition, or to use any other
equivalent language.   We can no more say that
the abolition of slavery in this District would be a
direct attack upon the institution in the States, than
we could assert, if any one of the slaveholding
States were to abolish slavery within its own limits,
that that would be a direct attack on the institution in
other slaveholding States; or that Great Britain, by
abolishing- slavery in her West India possessions,
made a direct attack upon it in the United States.
| Nor is the case at all altered by the motives, what-
ever they may be, which shall be avowed foraboli 
tion. In conclusion, I move the third resolution of
the senes which I have suggested, as an amend-
ment to the fifth resolution proposed by the Senator
from South Carolina.
Mr. CALHOUN followed. He said he felt
some inducement to persevere in the course he had
heretofore pursued, by now seeing the concessions
which we:e proposed by the resolutions just read
by the Senator from Kentucky. Mr. C. now saw
it conceded, that where the object was clearly un-
constitutional, the Senate was not bound te receive
a petition. At first, the broad ground was taken
that the right of petition was so sacred that any
refusal to receive a petition, no matter on what
subject, and no matter how objectionable its lan-
guage, would be an invasion of it. Now it was
conceded that they were not bound to receive a
petition when the subject of it was clearly uncon 
swutional. Now, as to the amendment offered by
the Senator fiom Kentucky to the fifth resolution.
He would state, in general terms, what was the
great characteristic difference between them. The
Senator went on the principle that concession was
the way to meet these Abolitionists. He, on the
other hand, went on the ground that we have no
safety but in standing fast on our rights. What
was the state of the question? The Abolitionists
tell you, in so many wo-ds, that their object is to
abolish slavery in the District of Columbia as but
one step towards final abolition in the States.
With this object, avowed by the Abolitionists,
what do duty and policy demand on our part? We
see the end; and that, if it can be effected, it would
be our destruction. Shall we yield, or stand
fast? That is the question. If we yield an inch,
we are gone. The very ground on which we are
asked to make the first concession will be urged on
us with equal force to make the second, the third,
and every intermediate one till the last is consum-
mated. The first is to y ieid the right of peti-
tion, and io discuss the subject with the Abolition-
ists, in order to appease them, and to stop agitation.
This the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Clay) urges
on us, which he tells us would have a happy effect
in quieting the public feeling. Does he not see
that, if we should have the folly to make this con-
cession, we will be next urged to yield to the aboli-
tion of slavery m this District on the very same
ground? We will be told that there are but two
thousand slaves in the District, and if we yield to
so small a request, all will be quiet. If that be
conceded, we will be next told, we must yield to the
abolition in the Territories, and then to the aboli-
tion of what they call the slave trade between the
Stales, and, finally, to abolition in the States. At
every step they would become stronger, and we
weaker, if we should be so infatuated as to make
the first concession; and the Senator from Ken-
tucky, at each step, would no doubt be able to read
just such a letter as he had just read, from some
welt ¡mentioned but weak individual from the
North, telling us, if we would only yield the im-
mediate point at issue, ail will be quiet, and that
our cause would be strengthened. No: there never
was a question agitated where the most unyielding
opposition was so necessary for success. The dif-
ference between him and the Senator from Ken-
tucky was as wide as the poles. That gentleman
was for concession, and he was utterly opposed to
all concessions in any shape or form ; and for this
eason he was decidedly opposed to his amendment.
It was now too late in the day to go into the sub-
ject farther, and he would conclude by repeating,
what he had so often said, that while he was ready
to yield to any modification going to the mere
phraseology, he would not agree, under any cir-
cumstance, to surrender the principles on which
they were drawn.
Mr. CLAY, in reply to Mr. Calhoun, observed,
the Senator from South Carolina seemshighly d*.
lighted with having gained a point which.if calls
a concession on my part: that is, the immediate
rejection of all petitions touching abolition in the
States.   But whoever contended that Congress was
bound to entertain petitions relating to art-object
manifestly beyond the scope of its constitutional
powers?   We have only insisted upon its obliga-
tion to receive petitions when Congress ptssessis-
power,,or the power, being controverted, is a fit
subject   of   investigation.    Whatever  has  been
gained by the Senator, in respect to these, I fear is
more than neutralized by a loss to the slaveholding
interest, arising from ihe handle which is made of
an alleged denial of the right of petition.   If our
object really be to diminish the number of petition-
ers, we should present no collateral or false issues
to the country.   We should never forget that it is
not here that we should loolr for salutary effect
from our proceedings, but among the people.
But the Senator expresses his alarm at the re-
ception of petitions. Why, sir, what is there justly
alarming in the mere fact of receiving a petition?
Action, Congressional action, alone can justify
alarm. The Senator thinks my resolutions make
a concession. Of what? The right to abolish
slavery in the States? No. They demand an in- -
stantaneous rejection of all such petitions, as being
palpably beyond the powers of Congress, and there-
fore not evert debateable. The right to abolish
slavery in the District? No.> The strongest
grounds—stronger than the Senator's own resolu-
tion—are assumed against it. The right to abolish
it in the Territory of Florida? No. All the con-
siderations against it are arrayed in forcible lan-
guage. The right to prohibit the sale and removal
of slaves from State to State? No. The constitu-
tional power of Congress to do that is denied. And
it is remarkable that, while my resolutions deny
that power, his are altogether silent about it.
What, then, do my resolutions concede? They
admit the right of petition touching slavery in this
District. But before the Senator can justly deno-
minate that a concession, he ought to prove that
there exists no such right. That, I think, he has
failed to do. If, as I think, the Constitution re-
quires the Senate to receive such petitions, it is
manifest that, in obeying its commands, and con-
forming to doty, the Senate grants nothing, con- .
cedes nothing. If it be the right of the petitioners
to present, and the duty of the Senate to receive
these petitions, it is manifest that, by refusing to
receive them, cause of complaint is given. Now,
I have always found that the best way to ensure
respect to my own feelings and rights from others,
is to treat their feelings and rights with respect.
The Senator mistakes moderation, conciliation, and
firmness, for concession; and rashness, and intem-
perate language, for security.
Concession! We cannot alter the Constitution.
It is that which guaranties the right of petition;
and the alleged concession is to be found not in
my resolution, but in the Constitution. But what,
again I ask, is there in Ihe fact of receiving a pe-
tition which is to throw us into a nervous fit? Why,
sir, if a man were to present me a petition to grant
him Ashland, (or Orozimbo! exclaimed some Se-
nator—or Orozimbo, said Mr. Clay, whose death
I am sorry to announce to the Senate, and he was
a great loss, public and private,) I would, without
the least apprehension for the loss ot my property,
put it in my pocket, or lay it upon the table. Will
not the Senator comprehend the difference between
the act of receiving a petition, and the grant of the
thing petitioned fori When we see some measure
of Government, affecting the security of the inte-
rest in question—some real concession, it will be
time enough to proclaim the existence of danger,
and to resort to means of security.
The Senator from South Carolina has advert-
ed to the radical difference between us on this sub-
ject. I regret it, but I fear that it is not confined
to this matter. For a long period of our service in
the public councils, no two public men ever coin-
cided upon all great measures of policy more than
the Senator and myself. We agreed as to the
War, the Tariff, Internal Improvements, a Na-
tional Bank, etc. But, when, to my utter asto-
nishment, I heard the Senator, at ths extra session.
