>IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lhoun>s Resolutions—M,. Clay, Strange, Buchanan.
Jan. 1838.                       APPE!
25th Cong-""2^d Sess.                 Mr.
to Parliamentary rules, the question  at its present
stage was not divisible
Mr STRANGE said that, having entered his
protest against the lntroductien of these reselu-
tions, it had been his intention to remain silent
during the further progress of the discussion, and
he should not have broken in upon that purpose,
but for the situation m which he now felt himself
placed compelling him to trouble the Senate with a
few remarks. He had already assigned his reasons
for opposition to the consideration of these resolu-
tions ; but, as their consideration had been decided
upon, as we had passed the Rubicon, no one was
more desirous than he that the battle should bé
fought out to the best advantage. The only ad-
vantage which he supposed any one hoped for from
the discussion of this subject was, that a strong
moral impression would thereby be made in our
favor in the non-slaveholding States. The course
which things had taken m this debate had convinced
him that the confidence he had hitherto reposed in
our Northern friends was not ill founded: they
had stood by us upon every important vote, with a
manly firmness and a patriotic devotion to the
cause of the Union, which satisfied him there was,
in truth, but little cause for apprehending any de-
cided ac'ion on the part of the Abolitionists. But
that had not been the ground on which he had op-
posed the discussion of these resolutions. It was,
that discussion itself was calculated to do mischief;
and in that opinion the experience of the last few
days had fully confirmed him. The present dis-
cussion had, he believed, done mischief; and the
most likely method of counteracting that mischief
was by making, m the result, a strong expression
of opinion with much unanimity. The apprehen-
sion that many of our friends would not go with
us upon the fifth resolution m its original terms,
had induced him to vote for the adoption of the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky, (Mr.
Play,) as modified by the Senator from Connec-
ticut, (Mr. Niles.) For himself, he greatly pre-
ferred the original resolution, if for no other reason,
for its condensation of substance and terseness of
style. The advantage of a resolution so construct-
ed had been fully and happily expressed by the Se-
na'or from Ohio, (Mr. Allen;) but, fearing they
could not make so imposing a show upon it as
upon the substitute, he had voted for it. He had,
in fact, feared an actual defeat. But the result of
the vote upon the adoption of the amendment, be-
ing 19 to 18, had satisfied him that, in point of
numbers, they could do quite or nearly as well
upon the* original resolution, and, m point of ex-
pression, much better; and he therefore moved a
reconsideration of the vote for the adoption of the
amendment.
After some remarks from M>\ NILES,
Mr CALHOUN said he had no doubt that the
adoption of Mr. Clay's resolution originated in a
great measure from a desire to get a very strong
vote He thought he saw it at the time; and now
the result showed that he was not mistaken. But
Mr. C now hoped that those Senators who had
heretofore voted for his resolutions, would continue
to give them their support m adhering to the filth
one, unless they found some objection to the phra-
seology, which, he repeated, he was willing to
alter. This resolution was drawn up to meet the
Vermont ¡esolutions, which went on the ground
that slavery ought to be abolished in the District of
Columbia, because it was immoral and sinful.
His resolutions met those of Vermont on these
grounds, and unless gentlemen intended to meet
them on other grounds, they must continue to vote
with him All he asked of the Senate was to say
vea or nay. Will you meet the Vermont resolu-
tions'? And if you do not, let our institutions be
constantly open to such attacks, on the grounds
that they are sinful and immoral.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama would not have troubled
the Senate with any observations, had it not been
for the dilemma m which he foand himself (along
with others of his friends) placed. The vote he
just gave, was given for an object which had en-
tirely failed. He had hoped, when voting for the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky, that
they should have had almost an unanimous vote,
and its moral influence; but having had a majority
of one only, the object sought for had not been ob-
tained. He hunself preferred the original resolu-
tion; and he was glad that the reconsideration
ordered on the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina, allowed him an opportunity of correcting
the error into whidi he had fallen. While up fv
must say that he saw no right in the Senat  oí the
United States to compromise this question. The
resolution of the Se.iator fiom South Carolina was
couched, to be suie, in s rong language, but not
stronger than the occasion v arranted. °He, for his
part, did not object to its phraseologj: he thought it
yery suitable to the case it was intended to meet.
He too wished to see gentlemen march up to the
question presented by the Vermont resolutions, and
give th u votes, yea or nay, whether the institu-
tions of any of these States were open to attack, on
the ground that they were immoral and sinful. He
had voted for the resolution of the Senator from
Kentucky, and hoped, m so doing, to have an
unanimous vote, but failing m that hope, he was
glad to see the question pn scnied on the original
resolution, which he at first prefeired; and he in-
dulged the hope that a strong vote would be given
on it.
Mr. PRESTON r^-afed f-at h- d d not expect
much from any or al! of the resolutions; but he
thought Mr. Clay's more practical and Urong, and
regarded it as more proper that the minority should
come over to the majority, than the majdnty go to the
minority. He trusted they would so come over,
though he did not see any great difference between
the two propositions
Mr. STRANGE, m reply, said he fully con-
curred with the Senator from South Caiolina, (Mr
Preston,) that m ail compromises the minority
should \ield to the majontj; br-t theie would pro-
bably be some difference between him and the
Senator m the application of the rale io the present
case. Which is the minority and wh'ch the majo-
rity on the present question'' I (--aid Mr S ) hap-
pen to have the cards in mj own hand, and if all
others adhere to their oiigmal vo'e, oh whichever
side I vote will be the majority. The ques-
tion, then, returns upon us as an original one
which, upon the whole, was preferable—'he
original resolution, or the proposed substitute.
For ¡he reasons already stated, he was decidedly m
favor of the oi iginal resolution The effect of the
adoption of this «solution upon the right of peti-
tion had been brought into question, as he thought,
very unnecessary, but, while he was up, he
would make a remark or two upon that subject.
He had, on a former occasion, expiessed the opi-
nion that the right to petition did not imply neces-
sarily the obligation to receive, and he would not
now repeat the reasons then stated for that opinion,
but there was anothei view of this subject, hear-
ing upon petitions from pe'sons non-residen'
in the Di«tnct of Columbia for the abolition of
slavery within it, wh ch he iv uuld take the
hbertv of presenting. The right to petition is
correlative to the poner of legislation upon the
rights of the petitioner ISov , Congres-- is a Legis-
late in two so nem Oier the whole Union it has
the power of le<n 1 ion up-m ill subjects on vhicn
that power is g -en b\ the Constitution,and ni'hin
the District rfCrlumoia a local legislative autho-
rity, similar to th?t exe"m*ed in the State Legisla-
tures withm their ie<-pee*ne Lmits Let it, then,
be conceded, for the sake of the argument, that 'he
right to petition includes thp obligation to receive
and consider; it is a. non seqintur that C ingi ss is
bound to receive and consider a petition fio*n i
non-resident of the D-strol of Coin nb a to n i'isn
slavery within if. For example, let it be cone !e,l
that the LegiVatuto of Vir" ni" Mould oe hi m l <r
receive and enns ilc i a flif-m í'cv a c />n <.
Virginia for the a1) i'ih'-'n o! vl'u , 11 ,he Rrte ci
Virgm'a—does 't fdlow that 'he Legi-iP'ure of
Virginia would be bound to re~e>"s and consider a
petition fiom a cit./en of Mar} land upon the same
subject? Surely not With no more propriety,
then, enn a citizen of one of the Siates call upon
Conors* to receive and consider a petition upon a
subject on \>hiefr, i> Congress acts at rll, she mn-t
act by % irtne of h r p ™ e* to exerese her functions
as a local Legislature, fur no one pretends that
were it not for her power to exercise loeel legis'a-
___j 
Séfiate.
lion over this District, Congress cou'd, in the
widest stretch of her constitutional powers, abolish
slavery within it It follows, therefore, that the
sacred right ot petition, allowing it its widest scope,
can never be involved in the proposa! to abolish
slavetyia the District of Columbia until some inha-
bitant of the District becomes a petitioner. With
these remarks, I shall conclude by expressing a
hope that 'he vote adopting the amendment for the
original resolution will be reversed.
The question on Mr Strange's motion to re-
consider ihe vote on adopting Mr. Clay's substi-
tute being takpn, it was carried. So"ftlr. Clay's
resolutio 1 ¡hen caine up as an ong.nal question.
Mr HUBBARD deemed U ltrelevant to act with
refereffce to the Vermont resolutions, when they
were not before the Senate. He made objections
to the propositions both of Mr. Clay and Mr. Cal-
hol.n, and expressed his design, if Mr. Clay's
should fad, then to offer a substitute of his own for
that of Mr  Calhoun.                       *
Mr. CALHOUN said he understood the Sena-
tor did not contest the principle of the resolu-
tions.
Mr. HUBBARD    Not at all
Mr. CALHOUN had s'jppos°d the phraseologj
acceptable, but he was ready to modify,
Mr. KING suggested that the Senator from
New Hampshire could modify or alter either the
resolution of Mr. Clay or of Mr. Calhoun: he
hoped he would do so to one or the other, and then
give it his vote.
Mr. HUBBARD said he objected to ihe latter
part of Mr. Cut's amendment, though the first
met his approbation, and, if disconnected, he would
have voted foi it But, according to the rules of
the Senate, a proposition to strike out and insert
could not be amended.
Mi. BUCH VN AN said mat he did not intend to
make a íy remains u^on the present occasion, fur-
tner than to state, that the first pait ot the amend-
ment which had ueen proposed bj the Senator from
Kentucky, as modified by the Senator from Con-
necticut, (Air. N'les,) in regard to slavery in the
District of Columbia, met his decided approbation
It placed the question upon its iiue principles—
principles which he felt confident would be sustain-
ed by a great majority of the people of that State
which he had, in part, the honor to represent We
will not abolish slavery m this District, because it
was originally a slavehoidm.r territory, and the sur-
¡oimding States by wh'ch 't was ceded are still
slaveholding States, and because it would establish
m the midst ot th°m a place of retuge for their fu-
gitive slaves, it would be destructive of the rights
and secuiily of their ciLzens, and would erect a
caadel from whence to scattei the seeds of seivile
insurrection throughout thei' borders. Now he
wished a dr-tmct vote ij be taken upon that por-
tion of the amendment w h en rela'ed exclusively
to the Dis'i ict of Columbia, and he supposed this
could only be obtained by shikmg out all that por-
tion of the amendment w hich related to Florida and
the Indian country In mating this motion, he
des red to be distinctly understool. He did not
wish to prevent a d rect "cte on ¡hissecond portion
of the resolution It could be offere 1 afterwaids as
a substantive usoiUtion All he desired was to
detach tint pirtionof the amendment -winch re-
lated to this Di tret fiom what followed, and thus
obtain li.e s rongest possible vote in its favoi. Mr.
B concluded In moving to stake out the second
part oi the resolution
Mr ^EVICI called foi 'lie >eas ano nays on
th q testior H" was perfee'lv sail fied with the
resolution n t le S'na'or from Ke ttcicv, and re-
i rt iei fV ' > Scv it.u fiom f- u'h Carolina had
,.o' cot seated to lec - \t ' \s fui ¡he second
patt of lU" íeso'uii n ot 0 e Senatoi fiom Ken-
tucky, which was proposed io be stricken out, he
w as in fa>, or of it, and should therefore vote against
the mo'ion ot the Senator from Pennsylvania.
The qjestioD wat. then taken on Mr Bt>-
chana\'s moLon, and it was earned—ayes 24,
noes 13.
Mr. KING of Alabama to pi event any difixulty
upon this subject, asked the Senaior from Pennsj !-
vania ¡f he would agree, m case his motion should
