Jan. 1838.      ________
25th Cong"--2nd Sess.
for slaves emancipated here, they have the same
constitutional authority to make such compensation
as to make grants for roads and bridges, alms-
houses, penitentiaries, and other similar objects in
the District. A. general and absolute power of le-
gislation carries with it all the necessary and just
incidents belonging to such legislation.
Mr. CLAY said he entirely concurred with Mr.
Buchanan, and he must express his astonishment
that Mr. Webster did not view the matter in the
same light. He believed with Mr. B. that if those
States could have imagined that while slavery ex-
isted with them it would be ended here, they never
would have made the cession. Mr. C. would put
it in another shape. Suppose Pennsylvania had
ceded a portion of her soil as a site for the Govern-
ment, then he would ask, if, when Pennsylvania
was a non-slaveholding State, it would not be
deemed a breach of faith to introduce slavery into
the midst of her soil? So in this District it would
be a breach of faith to abolish, while the ceding
States retained that institution. Besides, when the
cession was made, there was an express reserva-
tion of the right of prbpgrty, and therefore this
kind of property, being included, was, as a matter
of public faith, to be preserved. When the state
of things alluded to under which the cession was ¡\
made shall cease, then the force of the laith im- _
plied will also cease.                                                  j
The argument that this power might be abased,   i
is not available to limit and nullify the power.
Mr. WEBSTER. The honorable member from
Kentucky asks the Senate to suppose the opposite
case: to suppose that the seat of Government had
been fixed in a free State, Pennsylvania for exam-
ple; and that Congress had attempted to establish
slavery in a. district over which, as here, it had thus
exclusive legislation.* He asks whether, in. that
case, Congress could establish slavery in such a
placel This mode of changing the question does
not, I think, vary this argument; and I answer at
once, that however improbable or improper such an
act might be, yet if the power were universal, abso-
lute, and without restriction, it might unquestiona-
bly be so exercised. No limitation being express-
ed or intimated in the grant itself, or any other pro-
ceeding of the parties, none could be implied.
And in the other cases, of forts, arsenals, &c. if
Congress has exclusive and absolute legislative
power, it must, of course, have the power, if it could
be supposed to be guilty of such a folly, whether
proposed to be exercised in a district within a free
State, to establish slavery, or in a district in a slave
State to abolish or regulate it; yet, if it be a district
over which Congress has, as it has in this District,
unlimited power of legislation, it seems to me that
whatever would stay the exercise of this power, in
either case, must be drawn from discretion, from
reasons of justice and true policy, from those high
conisderations which ought to influence Congress
in questions of such extreme delicacy and impor-
tance; and to all these considerations I am willing,
and always shall be willing, I trust, to give full
weight. But I cannot, in conscience, say that the
power, so clearly conferred on Congress by the Con-
stitution, as a power to be exercised, like others,
in its own discretion, is immediately taken away
again by an implied faith that it shall not be exer-
cised at all.
Mr. CALHOUN said that he should suceeed in
one object he had in view when hei troduced these
resolutions—to ascertain the sense of the Senate on
the subject of abolition, and how far it was dispos-
ed to take ground against it. They embraced two
leading propositions that he had hoped to carry out
—that neither a State, nor its citizens, had a right
to interfere with the peculiar .institutions of the
other States; and that this Government, as a com-
mon agent of the States, has novright,in any of .its
acts, either in this District or elsewhere, to discri-
minate between the domestic institutions of the
slaveholding and non-slaveholding States, by fa-
voring one, and opposing the other, on any ground
whatever. Whatever may be the private feelings
of those vested with public authority, they are
bound, in their official character, to regard all as
equally under the protection of the Constitution,
and equally unexceptionable. To act on the oppo-
site principle, of suppressing one, and advancing
X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Smith.
the other, must necessarily end in the most deadly
and fatal conflict between the parts of this Union.
These were the elevated and strong grounds as-
sumed in the resolutions, and he regretted that they
should have been departed from in this resolution
as amended. Thus regarded, h  should vote for it
with flinch reluctance. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. Niles)' had
removed many of the objections he had to that of-
fered by the Senator from Kentucky, to which.it
would have been impossible for him to give his I
assent; and, even as it stood, he should vote for it
only on che ground of preserving harmony and
union among those whom he believed to be oppos-
ed to the Abolitionists, as far as he could without
an entire sacrifice of principles.
Mr. CUTHBERT said it seemed that the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts found it difficult to, under-
stand the question. The question, to be corectly
understood, depended much on the, sound sense or
moral sense of the individual. Now it might be
well imagined that an individual might be without
that moral sense, and therefore the question was
unintelligible to him.
The question was then again taken on the first
branch of Mr. Clay's substitute, and carried_as
follows: ayes 36, noes 9.
Mr. SEVIER now called upon Mr. Buchanan
to move the remainder of the resolution relating to
the guaranty of slavery in the Territories and
among the Indian nations.
Mr^ BUCHANAN pledged himself to do so on
the morrow ; and then,
On motion of Mr. PRESTON,
The Senate adjourned.
REMARKS OF MR. SMITH,
Of Indiana,
In Senate, Thursday, Jan. 25, 1838.
When the bill granting the right of pre-emption
to actual settlers on public lands was under con-
sideration m the  Senate on Thursday, the 25th in-
stant—
, Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, moved to amend- the
bill so as to exclude from its operation all lands
where the Indian treaty by which they were ceded
had not been ratified six months prior to the first j
day of December last. In moving this amendment^
Mr. S. said, the peculiar position which he found
himself occupying seemed to require tnat he should
fully explain the object of the amendment, and the
facts connected with its operation, should it be
adopted. The Senate had already noticed that
himself and colleague differed widely in their views
of the propriety of this amendment, and he was
compelled candidly to admit that it would have
afforded him great pleasure had it so happened that
himself and colleague could have concurred in their
views, and acted in concert on this question. He
had the consolation, however, to believe that the
difference between them was one of principle, and
that each was entitled to the same credit for honesty
of purpose; each supposed he was faithfully dis-
charging his duty. He was aware that his col-
league had been long a member of this body, and
that he had been for years intimately acquainted
with the object and policy of the pre-emption laws;
and he (Mr. S.) willingly admitted, that could his
mind have been influenced to believe that the
amendment was not called for by sound policy, the
opinion of his colleague would have had great
weight with him.
Mr. S. said he wished to place this question in
its true light before the Senate and the country,
that he might be judged of by the merits of the pro-
position, and the reasons he offered in support of
it. That the Senate might understand the question,
he would state the facts upon which it rested. The
amendment, if adopted, will exclude from the ope-
ration of the law, amongst other lands, the lands
ceded to the Government by the Miami treaty,
which was ratified by the Senate at its extra session
m September last, subject to the approval of the
Presidí nt, and the sanction of some Indians who
had not signed the amendment to the treaty. The
sanction of these Indians and the approval of the
President had been obtained in October, as he un-
GLOBE.                                 6¿
________________                         Senate.
derstood, though he had not seen the treaty.   These
lands comprise about 215,000 acres, lying in the
very heart of the State of Indiana, on the Wabash
river, and on the line of the Wabash and Erie ca-
nal.   They were Indian reserves, surrounded by a
dense population, and a highly improved country,
and it may fearlessly be asserted that the State does
not contain a better hody of land.   These lands he
wished to exclude from the operation of £he bill.
He was well apprized that it was an invidious task
to oppose pre-emption rights when there was even
a shadow of claim.   He presumed that sotare-at
least of those'whom his amendment would exclude
were his personal and; political friends, and that
they might take it as very unkind in him to more
this matter to their prejudice.   He had little doubt
but that his colleague was correct in characterizing
some of them as poor men, .and he had towards
them no other feelings than those of personal kind-
ness.   He could well appreciate the feelings and
motives that actuated his colleague to contend for
them, and insist that they should be included in the
operations of the bill; for himself, however, he had
but one course to pursue: his duty to his State and
the Government wa? paramount.   He could not be
controlled in the^discharge of that duty by conside-
rations of poverty or riches; whether the applicants
for the services he owed all, were rich orpoor, could
make no difference.    He could recognise no such
distinctions in the discharge of his public duties;
he would mete  out even-handed justice to all; he
would show partiality  to none; he went for the
whole.
Me (Mr. S.) would ask the indulgence of the
Senate while he attempted to slate the merits of the
claim of the persons on these lands to a pre-emp-.
lion, and the reasons that had brought his mind to
the conclusion that these lands ought not to be in-
cluded in the pre-emption bill at this time.    It will
be seen by the public documents that, some years
ago, a grant of lands was made to the State of In-
diana by the Government of alternate sections five
miles wide on each side of a canal from Lake Erie,
to unite the waters of the lake with the waters of
the Mississippi, on the Wabash, by uninterrupted
navigation.    He only spoke from memory of the
terms of the grant.   This canal was originally lo-
cated as far down the Wabash as Lafayette, and
there stopped for the time being; the lands were
located to that point, agreeably to the act of Con-
gress, but it was subsequently ascertained by the
authorities of the  State in charge of that matter,
that, in order to secure the uninterrupted and un-
obstructed navigation of the Wabash, n was ab-
solutely necessary to extend the line of the work
down the Wabash to Terre Haute; this  has been
done, and the State now  claims the lands under
the original act; the claim has been presented to
the  proper  Department by  the board of internal
improvement of the  State, accompanied with a
most conclusive and able argument in favor of the
claim.   The State has no doubt whatever on the
question; she believes herself justly  and legally
entitled to the land, and she cannot doubt but
that such must be the decision of the Department.
A ?i;-ilar question  has been decided by the late
Commissioner of  the   General   Land Office,   in
favor of  Ohio.   The decision of this important
matter to  the State is expectedly daily.    Should
the State   not be  mistaken   in   this   matter, as
the   lands   on  the   line of the extension of  this
work  have  been  sold  by the  Government, the
S ate will be entitled to select other lands in lieu of
them, and he (Mr. S.) wished to keep the lands
covered by the amendment excluded from the ope-
rations of the bill, that they may be subjected to the
claim of the State, of the  whole State; that they
may be applied to that work, and to the  relief of
the people from the additional burden of its con-
struction.   But if in all this the State should fail,
it would be recollected by the Senate that he (Mr.
S.) had a few days since introduced a resolution,
which was referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, instructing that committee to inquir--
into the expediency of granting a pre-emption  to
these lands to the  State of Indiana to aid her in
her works-of internal improvement.   His colleague '
had also introduced and referred to the same conv
jnittee petitions from these settlers, praying for prsr
