Jan. 1838.
25th Cong ••••-2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Su) oresñon of Indian hostilities—Mr. Glascock.
H. of Reps.
brave, high-minded, and honorable citizen of rny
own Stati', and lor years a highly respected mem-
ber of this body, esteemed and beloved by all who
knew lnm; still I repeat, with all these facts before
us, and with the knowledge that the commence-
ment oí hostilities by the Indians violated their
treaties with us under the laws of nations, and lost
them all claims to our protection, we find them
ably represented and defended on this floor: we
hear extolled as a hero, the assassin Oceola, by
whose ruthless and treacherous hand fell the la-
mented Thompson, a victim to the fatal instrument
of death, which, from his confidence in him, he
had previously piesented to him. This, too, after
the murderer had signed the treaty, and brought in
many of his people for removal. Yes, sir, this
Oceola is here held up to public admiration, as a
warrior worthy of imitation and applause: whilst
many of our own gallant officers are handed over
to public indignation and scorn, as violating the
sacred flag of truce, and proving perfidious and
treacherous in having made Ocecla prisoner and
sent him to Fort Moultrie.
But, sir, I tell the gentlemen this will not an-
swer their purpose. I tell them that when his
treacherous murders and massacres are made
known to the American people, the stain which
they attach to his character can never be removed
either by his eulogists here or his biographers
hereafter. Lei it not be understood that I doubt
tiie bravery of that treacherous chief. It is proba-
ble that he is desperately brave, and so are many
murderers and assassin , many of whom have
made a sacrifice of their lives by acts of daring and
desperation in resisting ihe civil authorities, lather
than yield and submit to the penalties which
the viola'ed laws of the land affix to their
crimes. So, sir, with your Oceola; for who
that hears me can doubt that both by the laws
of God and man, his life was justly for-
feited, and that he himself expected its forfeit-
ure if ever captured by our army I have never
doubted. To the clemency of General Jesup is
he chiefly indebted that such a fate was not award-
ed him—a fate which would inevitably have befal-
len him, had he been turned over to the proper au-
thorities of Florida. I can but here remark, what I
honestly believe, that ths great clemency and hu-
manity which have been extended to these Indians
by our Government and our officers, on several
occasions, proved injurious to a portion of our own
citizens.
The gentleman from Virginia (Mr. Wise) has
boldly declared that he would prefer their ham-
mocks being restored to them, rather than make
the appropriation now asked. Such a sentiment,
thus uttered, I freely admit, greatly amazed me,
as well as the proposition of the geatleman from
Vermont (Mr. Everett) to buy our peace.
To give up the contest at this time, to withdraw
our troops, and restore to the enemy their posses-
sions, without the accomplishment of a single ob-
ject on our part, after ths loss of so many valua-
ble lives, and the expenditure of million? of dol-
lars, would be an acknowledgment of our inability
to subdue them—would encourage further depre-
dations and massacres on the frontiers—would in-
evitably bring disgrace upon our arms—greatly af-
fect our national character, and seriously impair
our national honor.
I entirely mistake the character^ and feelings of
the people, if such a proceeding would not call
fr.r'h their just censure and condemnation; but I
look for no such result. I look wilh confidence !o
a vigorous prosecution of the war, and if the neces-
sary support be given to the Government, to its
speedv ami successful termination.
The talented delegate from Florida, (Mr. Dow-
ning,) in his able defence of his constituents from
charges supposed to be made against them, as well
as in his fearless and liberal vindication of the Ad-
ministration from the assaults of the Opposition,
found it necessary to allude and refer to certain
letters which he had received, accusing the\Chero-
Kee d"lc£ation, which had been employed tp visit
the Seminóles, and endeavor to reconcile them and
bring them to terms, withhaving proved treacherous,
and actually persuaded them if they would hold ojy
this winter, Congress would refuse to make further
dp propriations, by which means the war would
ci se, and they be permitted to remain. How far
the -echargis will be established, I am unprepared
to ay. They are not new to me: 1 have heard
them before; and it js now understood that General
Jesup himself believes them true. For myself, I
wish it may be otherwise. I should be gratified to
see these men henorably exculpated; for I rejoice
in the misfortunes or disgrace of no one. But I
must observe, and leave others to make the appli-
cation, that there is a remarkable coincidence in
the alleged conduct of the Cherokees, and the
course ol some gentlemen on this floor, and at this
time. The delegate from Florida has been warned
and admonished by the gentleman from Virginia
not to make such charges against these Indians on
such proof, and leehngly told what cruel injustice
would be done, if they proved unfounded, as he
presumed them to be. Shall I not be pardoned by
the ge-.tlernan, then, and justified by this commit 
tee, mpr-tnpting and admonishing him tobe guarded
in his attac s upon the departments of the Govern-
ment, and man y valuable oñicers of our army, with-
out the necessary proof to justify his allegations.
Let him and others profit by this; and I feel assured
many unpleasant altercations would be avoided,
personal difficulties rarely occur, and the character
and dignity of this body be greatly restored.
I shall now proceed, sir, to reply to some of the
remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mr.
Biddle,) who, as is customary with him, has been
lavish in his abuse of the Administration, and to
enable him the better to effect his purpose, has
been driven to the necessity of resorting to sub-
jects foreign to the true issue, and wholly uncon-
nected with the one before us. He has thought
proper, and I have no doubt to the astonishment
of many, to allude to the celebrated letter from
Gen. Jesup to the Editor of the Globe, marked pri-
vate, shown to Gen. Jackson, as requested, and
ordered4o be published. This, sir, has furnished
him a iruitful theme, of which he has availed
himself, to pour forth his bitter feelings against the
Administration, and in unqualified terms to de-
nounce Gen. Jesup, and become the eulogist of
Gen. Scott.
Sir, I should despise myself, were I to attempt
t;-> detract from the well earned fame and reputa-
tion of that gallant officer, and would greatly pre-
fer to add. rather than pluck one laurel from his
brow. I wa« pleased and delighted at the elo-
quent allusions tohis valorous deeds on the plains
of Chippewa, and at the battle of Niagara; but I
was mortified that he should have passed over in
silence the distinguished services of General 1
Jesup on ths same battlefields, and wh'ch, in jus-
tice ni that gallant officer, I cannot permit to pass
unrlot:ced.
May 1 not be pardoned, then, for again referrinz
to the battle of Chippewa, in cider to present him
at the head o: his regiment, and in the language
of his historian, "when pressed in front and flank,
giving orders to his men to support arms, and ad-
vance under the mcM galling fire, by which means
he gained a more secure position, and returning
the fire, put the enemy to flight/' This cool and
deliberate movement would have done honor
to the oldest veterans, and for coolness and intre-
ptdttv. if equalled, was never surpassed in battle.
But behold him again, sir, at the battle of Ni-
agara ; see him, as there described, again at the
head of his regiment, turning the flank of the ens-
my. after encountering the greatest difnVu'iies, and
at the same moment taking advantage of the dark-
ness of ihe nigh!, throwing himself in the rear of
their reserve, and surprising one detachment after
another, made prisoners of so many of their offi-
cers and i.'.en as greatly impeded his progress.
I can but here remark, in the beautiful language
of the hist.-nan, that though the laws of war would
have justified him in puitin* them to death, "the
laurel, m bis opinion, was most glorious when en-
twined by the hand of mercy."
But 1 stop not here. After disposing of his pi i-
soners, we find him in the darkness of the night
feeling his wav to the place where ¡he hottest of
the fire wa,- kepi up on the bt-'aade to which he
belonged, and, with the same coolness and intre-
pidity which previously marked his conduct, draw-
ing np his regiment on the line of a toce, oa the
dueenstown road, in the rear of a party of British
infantry, when suddenly and unexpectedly he
poured in upon them a galling fire, wWch com-
pelled them to break and fly; "and, in the language
of his commanding officer, Gen. B WS| '"^owed
himself to his own army in a blaze ¿fir*.**   '
I here pause, believing that his faiBéaSd repaia-
tion is safe in the custody of history and his eomtty,
and will never suffer in comparison with-, with any
of the officers who distinguished themselves in these
memorable battles. Who, sir, can listen to a reci-
tal of such noble deeds, and not feel justly excited
at the charges which have been uttered against him?
He stands accused here not only with perfidy, bat
with writing the letter to the Globe, with a view to
¡lis own interest, by displacing Gen. Scott from his
command, that he himself might receive it; and
further, the gentleman says of him, that he was ihft
instrument by which a blow was aimed, from be-
hind, at Gen Scott, that struck from bis arm his
sword!
I have ever regretted the publication of that let-
ter, and the difficulties produced between Generals
Scott and Jesup, and greatly fear it will terminate
in no good to themselves or their country But, as
to the letter itself, I am inclined to think it con-
tained nothing that would not have been made
known to General Scott himself, if he bad consulted
General Jesup as to his plan of operations..
But how vulnerable is the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania—how open to retort, in speaking «of the
blow aimed at General Scott from behind! Has he
not himself this day aimed a blow from behind at
the character, honor, and reputation of General
Jesup? Is not the blow aimed too at a time when
he is periling his life in the service of his country,
and, under the greatest disadvantages, struggling to
restore peace and tranquillity to the people of a
suffering Territory ; and this, too, at a time when.
he cannot be h°ard in his defence, and in vindica-
tion of ail that he holds most dear 1 Whenever
that opp^ -tunity shall be afforded him, I have n ,
fears of the result. I anticipate a full explanation
and a triumphant vindication of his whole conduct.
I will here remark that my acquaintance with
General Jesup is but slight, having been in com-
pany with him bat once; and I have done for him
no snore than I would do for others ol the army
who might be assailed as he has been, without
foof, without being present, and without an op-
portunity of being heard in their own behalf. If
on ¡he present occasion, however, my humble el-
fort* in his defence shall avert the blow which has
been aimed at him from behind, I feel a conscious-
ness that I shall r.~"er have cause to regret it.
A few parsing remarks may be deemed neeessa-
ry at this time, in reply to the charges of frand
against some of the agents of the Government, in
the numerous contracts entered into by them.
Letters have been introduced and read here for ef-
fect, which have been eagerly seized upon by some
for the purpose of censuring the Government, and
holding it responsible for all the alleged acts of its
agents. There are cases, I admit, civil in their
character, in which principals are of course held
liable for the acts of their agents; but no principle
is b?tter sealed, none more universally recognis  1,
than that principals are not responsible forthecri-
n.inal acts of their agents.
But why, it has been justly asked, have not the
mines of these agents, together with the ex parte
pr ■■of furnished the gentlemen, been banded over
to the proper Departments, that an investigation,
w ith the necessary inquiries, might be made into
the whole matter? This, it must be admitted, is
the true courss to be adopted; and if it be done, and
the charges are established, I hesitate not to say
ihey will be immediately and promptly discharged.
[ have, no knowledge who these agents are, nor
is it important I should have; but it seems to me
to be ¿tie both to the Government ana them-
selves, that their names should be made known,
their conduct inquired -íqío, and they heard Ja
their defence. The agents have a right to detoand
this. It is a right secured, and which, I trust, will
never be denied, to the most humble citizen. If
their names ate ever made public, and they are
honorable men, I feel assured s«cU a. demand will
