Jan. 1838.                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 73
25th Cong-«"2¡íd Sess.                           Mr.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought the debate had now
■become exceedingly dull. It had almost worn it-
self out, and was now dragging its dull length
along. He would not, however, suffer it to close
without making a few observations, m consequence
of what had repeatedly fallen from the Senator
from South Carolina, (Mr. Calhodn.)
It had been often said, in the course of this de-
bate, that these resolutions were intended as a plat-
form on which we of the North, who were disposed
to sustain the constitutional rights of the South,
might stand, and defend ourselves against the at-
tacks of the Abolitionists. Now, for his part, he
disclaimed the idea of having any such platform
erected for him. We can sustain ourselves bet-
ter without it. "The blood of Douglas can protect
itself." All we desire upon this question is, "hands
off."   We know best how to fight our own battles.
These resolutions had emanated from the South,
and he most fervently hoped that they might do
some good in tranquillizing and soothing the feel-
ings of the people there, and in convincing them
that they had numerous friends in the North, who
would stand by them m any emergency. He pro-
tested, however, against the idea that they were
passed for the benefit of the North.
Some commiseration (said Mr. B.) has been
expressed for our situation. It has been said that
our intentions were very good, and that we would
be willing to go further, if we dared 10 do so. Now,
he protested against any such inference. He had
always gone as far as ins sense of right and justice
dictated, and if there had not been an Abolitionist
in existence, he would have gone no further. We
wanted no platform on which to stand, save the
Constitution of our country. What fanatic had
there ever been in the North so mad as to assert
that we had any right to attack slavery in. the States
where it exists' That principle had been settled
by the first Congress; and that punciple, so long as
he held a seat in the Senate, he should maintain to
the death. Now, could any resolutions pass here
which would make the case stronger' No, sir we
stand upon the Constitution alone; but we are
always willing to vote for any measures within its
pa'e, which will satisfy the South that we are ever
ready to maintain principles so long and so well
established. These (said he) have been the mo-
tives of my conduct throughout upon these resolu-
tions They are a Southern, and not a Northern,
measure, intended for the benefit of the South,
rather than the North. In the portion of the Union
from which he came, we deprecate agitation and
excitement from this source, and he, therefore,
most devoutly trusted that this protracted debate
was now about to terminate.
We adopted one resolution yesterday, in regard
to slavery in. the District of Columbia, which miy
have a good effect m the Noith.    Opinions which
are   united   there against  any  interference with
slavery in the States, are not so unanimous in re-
gard to this District.   That resolution places the
subject on Us true principles, and  will stake the
common sense of all impartial men as just and ex- I
pedient.    It asserts the proposition that when Con- |
gress accepted the cession, there was an implied
faith pledged  to the ceding States that we should (
not convert that  act of their kindness into an in-
strument   of   their   destruction;  and   that whilst
slavery existed in them, it should not be abolished
within these ten miles square m the midst of their
territories    The avowal of this distinct principio
by the Senate, for which he had always contended, ¡
might be  pioductive of beneficial effects in the .
Northern States                                                        I
One wo-d m re. The second part of the lesolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky had been of-
fered by him (Mr. B ) as a distinct proposition this
morning. He had pledged himself yesterday to
bring it forward in this shape, provided the Senate
would then strike it out of the amendment, and
take a separate vote on the remaining portion of it,
which related exclusively to the District of Colum-
bia. This had been done; and thus the resolution
had, strangely enough, become the child of his adop-
tion, though not of his affections. After it had
been amended by striking from it the Indian tern-
tory, and modified and remodified in such a man-
ner as to suit the views of the partnership concern
i's Resolutions—Mr. Buchanan, Ci
between the Sertatois from New Hampshire and
Kentucky, (Messr,. Hlbbard and Clay) he (Mr.
B ) would have cheerfully given it his support. He
was, therefore, much astonished and disappointed
when these two Senators, apparently without the
slightest regard for their own offspring, consented
to abandon it without a struggle. He greatly pre-
ferred it to the substitute offered by the Senator from
Mississippi, (Mr Walker) which they had accept-
ed, and which was now before theSenate. The truth
was, that the resolution which he had offered this
morning, to redeem his promise, had undergone so
many modifications and misufieations to make
it conform to th« views of every body who desired
any change, that no man who was acquainted with
its original features could imagine how it had been
transformed into the resolution now before the Se-
nate. But so it was. We once had a Senator
from New Hampshire, (Mr. Hill,) who was
made of sterner stuff than to have yielded
up his resolution to the solicitations of gen-
tlemen, as the present Senator from that State
had done. And here as he had alluded to that
Senator without having previously intended it,
he would take occasion to say of him, that he was
a man of strong and determined character, and
was a good lover as well as a good hater. Mr. B.
had never met on that floor a Senator who posses-
sed more extensive and minute political informa-
tion in regard to our domestic affairs, and how-
ever much he may have been traduced, there was
no man, m the Senate, at the present day, who
loved his country better. He well recollected the
time when that ,_Senator had formed a coalition
with the Senator from Kentucky, and they had
fought the battle together without yielding a single
inch It is true that but a small force was rallied
under their united banner He (Mr. B ) was almost
their only follower, but they never thought of sur-
rendering. He could have wished that the new
coalition between the present Senator from New
Hampshire and the Senator from Kentucky had
been animated by the same spirit. At the instance
of i any gentlemen, the resolution had been chang-
ed, rechanged, and modified, until he had become
tired of the process. He had determined for him-
self to quit setting to every new partner that might
offer. Ke would now consent to take the last edi-
tion of the resolution, as it had come from the*hands
of the Senator from Mississippi, (Mr. Walker)
but he would not, for one, agree to any other
changes Much as he desired to gratify the South,
he was not disposed to go any further. He should,
therefoie, vote against the amendment proposed
by the Senator from South Carolina, (Mr. Cal-
houn )
Mr CALHOUN said, that the remarks of the
Senator from Pennsylvania were of a character
that he could not permit then to pass in silence
He understood the Senator to say that he (Mr Bi-
cha\an) has been actuated solely by the desire to
sooth and tranqm'lize the feelings of the South, or,
in other words, in pity of her weakness and tears
[Mr B shook his head.] Mr. C said he would
be glad to understand what the Senator did mean.
Was he, then, said Mi. C. to understand the
Senator that all he said about soothing and tran-
quillizing the fceln-us of the South, ongmated m a
belief that t1 ese lesolutions were intended for that
purpose by the mover' If so, he would tell him
that he was grossly mistaken She needed not
this, not any other measure, to tranquillize her
She was calm and collected, and instead of betn 
agitated, was too indifferent. She had no fears for
her-elf She was full of resomces, and would, he
trusted, be prepared to meet the crisis, wheneier
forced on her by the injustice, or insults, of the
other portion of the Union No these resolutions
originated m far different motives—from a sin-
cere desire to prevent, if possible, the shock to
which the pie--ent current of events was rapid'y
leading, and which, if not prevented, would bmg
to the ground tne institutions of the counfiy
He was anxious, befo-e it was too late, to pu-
sent some common constitutional ground on wl ich
the reflecting and patriotic, of every quarter of the
Union, might rally, to arrest the approaching ca-
tastrophe, and avert what the North was at least
as much interested to do as the South.   A platfoi m
Senate.
for that purpose (if the Senator preferred the word)
was indispensable, if it be thought worth while to
oppose ihe coming disasters. It was these higher
considerations, which embraced the peaee, qaiet,
and the safety of the whole country, and not the
object thai the Senator seemed to suppose, that in-
duced him to introduce these resolutions. K the
common interests of all be thought not to be involved
in the question, tell us so, and we will take care of
ourselves.    We ask neither pity nor protection.
But the Senator exclaimed, speaking in relation
to the two sections of the country, hands off!
The North says, hands off, to the South!
The Senator, in the name of hi  constituents,
savs, hands off iO me, m the name of mine,
when he knows that a large portion of them
are daily and hourly, in violation of the Con-
stitution, and the most solemn'y plighted faith,
aiming a most deadly blow, not simply at our
peace and prosperity, but at our very existence as
a people1 When did the South ever place her hand
on the North' When did she ever interfere with
her peculiar institutions' When did she ever aim
a blow at her peace and security? When did she
ever demand more than naked, sheer justice of the
Un.on' Never' never' And can we reverse these
questions, and have the same response from the
North' With what propriety or justice, then, can
the Senator proclaim, hands off to us—the aggres-
sor to the aggressed?
He must express his regret, that the Senator
should be surprised into so hasty a course of re-
marks. He had habitually indicated, on this dan-
gerous question, correct feelings, and was one of
the last from whom he would have an'icipated such
remarks as fell from him; and he felt assured that,
in making them, he had not done justice to his
liberal feelings on the subject.
Mr BUCHANAN was very sorry that the
Senator from South Carolina had misunderstood
his remarks. He trusted and believed that his
course upon this subject, from the first day he had
taken his seat in the Senate until the present mo-
ment, had been such as to place him above all
suspicion. He could not believe that any other
Senator had fallen into the same mistake The
ardor of the gentleman's feelings upon this subject
must have blinded his judgment.
What he (Mr. B.) had said, and what he meant to
say, was, that it had been repeatedly asserted by the
gentleman himself, and by others, m the course of
this debate, that these resolutions were ¡mended as
a platform for the friends of the South in the North-
ern States, on which they might stand and -defend
themselves against the assaults of the Abolitionists;
and that we of the North would hav e gone further
than we had done, to protect the rights of the South,
had it not been irom a diead of public opinion at
home He had also stated that some commisera-
tion, on this account, had been expressed for our
situation Now, the Senator had entirely misap-
prehended the natuie of this remark. The commi-
seration which I said had been expressed by him-
selt and others lor our condition ¡a the North, he
understood directly the reverse of what my words
imported, and had construed them into an expres-
sion of pity and commiseration, on my part, for
ihe condition ot the people of the South. Such an
idea as that of applj mg the term ptiy to that gallant
people, had never entered my mind. They are far
above it. I know them too will, and respect them
too highly, to have evei thought of applying to
them any such term I am fully sensible that they
are able and willing to defend their own rights.
Without assistance Irom any other quarter. Pity
for the South' I utterly disclaim having uttered
any such sentiment.
He, Mr B. did not b'ame the Senator from
South Carolina for having introduced those resolu-
tions. Certainly not. Had be not voted for them,
one and all, except that which related to the Dis-
trict ol Columbia, and instead of that one, he had
vottd ioi another on tne same subject, which he
solemnly believed would be productive of greater
good? Now what he had disclaimed, and what he
m-pttl to discla'm, was that these resolutions were
intended for the benefit of thi friends of the Union
in the North. They had not been brought forward
by the North, but by the South- and hence it was.
