92     _______________  APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.        _________Jan. 1838.
25th Cong-.'-^d Slvs.                        Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Wright.                           _____________Senate.
apprehended that its ímliiect influence would be to
draw down the general currency to its level, but as
the gist of the complaint is, that the standaid of
currency it assumes for the Government is higher
than that ot the general cunency, so it toliows, by a
parity of leasonmg, that its mdiiect influence must
be to raise the general currency to its standard.
In all this he was constrained most respectfully
to ask where was the giotmd of complaint, unless
gentlemen v, ere ready to take the position that a
sound, uniform, and standard ctmency could not
be susUjnecl in. the couniij, and that, to avoid 111-
vihous distinctions between the Government «Hid
the people, the .¡National Legislating, possessing the
power to fix the standaid ol cuirencv, should at
once adopt a base standard, and thus conform the
currency ol the Treasuiy to that which it might be
the interest of the local banking institutions to
maintain Ho did not believe that any advocate
for such a doctrine was to be found here, but it such
an one should appear, he had only first to deny the
position wholly, and to asseit that a sound cur-
rency could be sustained in this country, without
an infringement upon the powers granted to Con-
gress by the Constitution, for the means ot accom-
plishing the objtct, and second, i( the position
should be gi anted, to deny the niteience, and con-
tend that it was the constitutional duty ol Coiyicss
to keep the cuiienej ol the National l'ieasttiy up
to the standaid ot gold and sliver, in any event
The next, and only other, objection he proposed
to notice was, that the tendency ot the system pro-
vided Jor by ihe bill, would be to withdraw from
circulation and use, and to hoard in the several de-
positories, loo gieai a portion of the gold and silver
ot tht country
He had but a buef answer to this objection It
nevu could be true at times when the ri venue and
expenditure-.of the Government were propeily ad-
justed IÍ they were equal, as they should be, the
receipts ot revenue would be taken in one hand,
and the disbui servients for expenses would be made
With the other. Nothing could be hoarded but the
amount which the widely extended operations oí
the Treasury compelled it to keep m íi«iiv¡<«, and
that was just as much, and no more, hoarded than
the monty ol the meichatit at a distant point,
either during the time that notice ol its collection
was tiaicllmg t) him m the mail, ii lusdralt lor it
was passing back to the pout white the monty
was on depc s te I lis amount wt^ld v.uy iiom
three to nve mill ons el dolíais, including the
amount const tntlj retained in Hie mints in the pio-
coss oi coma^ , aid it would leptat lnar, when
the revenue and expendituies should bear a just
piopoition to each othei, as they always should, no
further 01 nine dangeious hoarding could take
p'aee under the bill
But suppose that a time should agun come when
over trading and speculation, in  every blanch oí
business, should  commence  the  accumulation of
another surplus revenue, such   as h al aill cud the
count y lor the la t lew vcns, then, loi 'iimseli,ht
sh iu d Ci lis dcr this tenuchc/ ol  ti e bill one ol lis
mo->t vain ible l< nun's      let  o ei-trading „o on,
and speculations spread, and let  the amounts pud
for dunes and lands be collected in gold and silvt,,
and hoarded in the public Tieasury and its depo-
sitories, except so much as 13 wanttd to meet the
fair expenditures of the Government, and how far .
dots any man believe tnese ceranging and injuri-
ous business excess's we till proceed1   Not, Mr   '
President, to the prostration oí business and credit, I
and the cunency ol the country   No, sn  the banks, |
instead oí promoting, would be compelled to airest |
them, and to restore business to its legitimate and j
proper channels, before the country could receive a 1
shook, or the people injury                                      I
It was wrong ioi  him, however,  to spend the !
lime of me Senate in the discussion ofthisobjec- ¡
tion, as it was expressly met by a provision in the
bill    He rtlened to tne twenty-first sett on, wh'ch
made it the duty oí the Secretary of the Treasury, 1
whence ei   there shou'd  be upon  deposite to  the
credit of the Tieasurtr a sum  greater  than four I
millions of dollars, to dissipate the money so hoard-
ed by an investment in National, or State stocks.
This must relieve  the apprehensions of all upon
this point, as four millions was the greatest amount
---------—-----------*----^^--------—-----------
which could, at any one time, be permitted to re-
mam m the pofsession and keeping of all ¡he de-
positaries constituted by the bill A% however, he
had discussed the provisions of this section some-
what at length, in the couise of his remarks upon
the provisions of the bill generally, he would omit
any lurlhet remarks here.
He had now e'osed v. hat he proposed to say,
having paruculai refeisnce to the system of finance
for the National Treasury, recommended by the
committee, or as to the ostensible antagonist system
of State banh. dtposttes.
But thete was a third ¿Hematite—a National
Bank—which he must not omit to notice, in his ex-
tended discussion ol this great subject. He was
bound, howevei, aftei having so long trespassed
upon the time of the Senate, to icheve the members
lrom the appiehension that he was now to enter
upon this imciminabk field ol elebate. No nothing
in this held presented to htm mattct ioi debate. He
entertained the most firm convictions that the Con-
stitution of the United States had conferred upon
Congiess no powei to chaner such an institution,
bit every «xismnent upon that great question had
been a jam ..ml agun presented to Congress and
the nation, 111 a inannei much moie forcible, and
limn sources much mote commanding, than any
thing which could be advanced by him. It was,
theteloie, to him, a question not for discussion, but
for action, and, unless his present \ lews upon it
should be radically changed, for negative action
only.
He had heard, since he had been honored with a
seat in this body, many ingenious argumenis in
lavoi ol the powei, but all had sought to derive it
fiom necessity or expediency, and it was due (0
the authors ot these arguments to say that, to his
mind, no very nice distinction had been preserved
between necessity and expediency. It had been
said that a untioim cunency was necessary for the
country , that such a currency could not be pro-
diued or rraiiit-imecl without a National Bank,
and that, therefore, Congie^s had the power to
charter such an liistitum n That a uniform cui-
tency wis expedient and highly desiiable for our
wide-spread country, no one could doubt, but that
the country could g< t oil very comfortably without
such a turit ncj, had been proved by the actual ex-
penenceoi sever il penods in our history. That
asoundd.d standard cun-ency was necessary to
the existence ol commerce, h it sacn a currency
c unlet not be establish d and sustained in our coun-
try but by Cotifiessu nal lcgslation, and that,
theieioie, Congress had the powei to cieate, as
well as to regulate, such a cunency, has been con-
tendí el hue No one will lv deposed to question
the pos tion that a sounel „ • d standard cm rency is
vciy desirable to a commercial country, but that
commerce can be camtd on, to a considerable ex-
tent, without money oí any dcsuipimn, is a fact
not to bt questioned These instances are men-
tioned, n<t to question the expedient and use-ltil
ti nele ncy oí tht aigutncnts, so far as they go to
«he w th it a un loim e in lit/ 1- Ingnly lmpoitant
to evciy uuli/t! comtiy, and that a'-ound me-
dium el exchange is oí the hist utility in com-
merce, but 10 qui ition how fa 1 the argument of
necessity, 111 either case, can be snlely relied upon
as the basis ol a giant of coi stitutioiia) power, and
to show that, m either aigumcnt, thert is no little
difl.eulty in settling the dispute as to wheic expe-
diency and utility end, and necessity begins Por
himself, he *cpu 'idled a'1 such arguments, and all
arguments oí every character, founded upon sim-
ple liecess ty, as establishing grants ol power under
the Constitution of the United States in favor of
tht Congiess of the United States
A single remark upon lre question oí chartering
3 National Bink, as ameie matter ol expediency,
if all questions ot constitutional power were out oí
the v ay, and ne would dismiss 'ins topic. The ex-
perience of his own time, the late proceedings of
the ¡ate Bank of the Umttd States, had satisfied his
mind that the dangers to our political and civil in-
stitutions, (rom such an organi7td money power,
vastly overbalance any anticipated benefits, ami
that, as a simple question of expediency, such an
institution ought not to be chartered by Congress
Neither the hour of the day, the patience of the Se-
nate, nor his own strength, would permit him to
enter upon a further discussion of this point at pre-
sent, and his only purpose having been to pro-
nounce the opinion he had pronounced, he would
pass to his conclusion.
The three alternatives had been presented. The
condition of the public Treasury, of the carrency,
of the business of the country, and general public
expectation, demanded action from Congress. The
committee of which he was a member had presented
to the Senate the bill upon the table, as the action
which a majority oí its members proposed. This
bill was to be opposed from two sides of the house.
The friends of the State bank deposite system, and
the friends of a National Bank, were alike, and
together, to be met and overcome, or the hill could
not pass.
In this condition of the question, and of the Se-
nate, he considered it to be his indispensable duty
to piesent, what he believed to be the real and true
issue, fairly and fully to the Senate and the coun-
try.   And what was thaf
In his judgment, it was die adoption of some
system based upon the principles of the bill under
discussion, or a National Bank He saw no pros-
pect of success for any middle ground. What
were the evidences of our senses upon this subject^
Look at the divisions in this body. The party-
friendly to a National Bank had always repudiated
the State bank deposite system as dangerous m its
additions to Executive power, as inefficient as to
the currency, and as unsafe as to the puhhc mo-
ney. Was there any evidence that those members
of that party here had changed their opinions as
to that system' He knew oi none; and were he
to judge lrom the language of that portion of the
public piess which was supposed to reflect their
opinions, or from what had but recently passed here
in relation to the-failure of a deposite bank 111 Bos-
ton, he should be compelled to say that no change
in that quatter had taken place. But he would
appeal to the gentlemen themselves, and ask if re-
cent exptnence, as to that financial system for the
National Treasury, had changed their feelings
towards if? Had endeared it to them, as one they
were now desirous to make their own' Are they
willing to surrender their favorite project of a
National Bank lor this alternan-^ Will they
not tell us, in frankness and candor, that, with one
or two solitaiy exceptions perhaps, every man of
them is for a National Bank, as, in their judg-
ments, the only effectual remedy fot the financial
difficulties of the country?
It such continues to be the feeling of the party
which opposed the ¡ate Administration, and equal-
ly opposes the piesent, what is the condition, in
this respect, of those xvho have huheito supported
both? Js there not, numerically speaking, a very
gieat degree ol unanimity ot sentiment with them,
m favoi ot the Lili, at least so lar as a practical
and bonajide separation from the banks is concern-
ed' He ¡supposed that to be the fact, and he refer-
red to this division of feehnr here, upon this sub-
ject, with no pleasure* He knew and felt that
those with whom he had long, intimately, and plea-
santly associated, personally and politically, were
to differ with hmi upon this measure. He regret-
ted the difference as much as any one of them
could He enteitained no unkmdness ol feeling
towards them on account ot this difference of opi-
nion upon a particular bill. He yielded to them
all the sincerity of convictions of public duty which
he claimed for himself, and he assured them, one
and all, that no remar't which nehad made, 01 was,
about to make, had been, or should be, on his pan,
intended to wound their feelings, or censure their
course. They, like himself, v ere respons ble to
tneir constituents and the country, for their acts
h*re, and he did not entertain a doubt that that
accountability would be discharged by them ac-
cording to their most film convictions of right.
Yet he must appeal to them to say it they did
not believe the public opinion of the countiy was
very justly reflected in the two Houses oI Con-
gress upon the thieealternative propositions he had
d scussed If they had seen any evidence, from
recent political results any where, to auihonze the
belief that the State bank system of deposites, to
which they still adhered, was gaining favor in any
