Feb. 1838.
APPENDÍX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
94
25th Con-g----2\-d Sess.
quartet Ii they did not perceive that the two
other systems were dividing the great mass of the
public mind of the whole country' If they did not
feel, in tjje recent history and present condition
of the State banks, that public confidence could not
again be restored to that system of deposites by
legislative enactments'? If they did not fear that,
in assuming the positions they were compelled to
assume, that banks were necessary to the success-
ful and proper administration of the finances of the
Pedeial Government; that it is wifhm the power,
and is, in some sort, and to some extent, the duty
of this Government to regulate the whole currency
of the country; that tne regulation of exchanges,
too, ii not directly, was incidentally a matter for
which 'he Government should be held responsible;
and that the custody and saie-keepins oi the public
treasure should be committed tobanks'and not to the
constituted authorities of the Government; did they
not fear, he would repeat, that, in assuming these
positions, they were merely aiding and strengthen-
ing ihe friends of a National Bank? That they
were furnishing what might be considered as evi-
dence to those wno could listen to such an argu-
ment, 10 prove that a National Bank was necessary
under our s}'stem? He did not put thes* inquiries
fiom any th.ng which had been advanced here, but
they were suggested from the course of argument
which he saw constantly used in the public press
and elsewhere, to sustain the ground which these
friends had assumed, and he must s<y that it
seemed to him like yielding the whole field to the
advocates of a National Bank; that it was making
such an institution, and some system founded upon
the principles of the bill under discussion, the leal
alternatives before the country, and bringing the
contest, if not here, elsewhere, to that issue.
He was sorry to have detained the Senate so
long, and, as the be-t a'onement he could make,
he would lesume his seat, and troubis them no
farther.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION CASE.
SPEECH OF R.BARXWELL RHEIT,
Ok Souih Carolina,
In the House of Ripresentatncs, February 3, 1833—
Upon the Mississippi election.
Mr. Speakfr- Were it not for the observations,
which have fallen from ihe gentleman Irom Ten-
nessee,* who has just taken hi" seat, with respect
to the South Carolua delegation, reflecting m some
degree, I think, upon their independence, and ascri-
b.ng an influence upon them, on the part of my
learned colleague,! which upon this subject does
not exm, I should not have ventmedto address the
House, worn out and harrassed as it is, by weeks
of procrastinated discussion, on this perplexing
question. In order, however, properly to v indic-
íate the independence of my own opinions, it ma}
not be unnecessary, briefly to consider the question
before the House; and to stale the arguments, upon
which I think this election should be returned to
the people of Mississippi.
This House will recollect, that when, at the
special session, it was about to organize itself into
a legal assembly, I moved, that a chairman should
he appointed to whom our credentials of election
should be sent Upon being opened by him and
laid before us, we would be able to determine
amongst ourselves, by our own judgment, from the
lace of th-1 credentials, who were "puma facie"
members of ihe 25th Congress. All undisputed
seats would it c >urse be filled; all doubtful ones
would be suspmded, or filled conditionally, until
Congress being regularly organized, the disputed
elections would be sent regularly to the committees,
for their report and consideration. The House
thought proper, however to proceed otherwise.
They allowed the clerk of the pievious Congress,
to do what it was our duty to have done ourselves
—determine, in the first instance, who were mem-
bers ef the 25th Congress. The consequence was,
not a single credential of membership was pro-
duced; and all were sworn in, as members of Con-
*Mr, Bell           jMr. Legare.
Mississippi Election—Mr. Rhett.
gress, whom this ui authorize ! individual had placel
upona list, midp (n' from ihe newspapers of the
day. Had t!"> credentials of Mpssrs. Claiborne
and Gholson been then produced, the objection,
that this House at the last sess.on, was in some
degree ignorant of the r purport, would not then
have existed, and we misht possibly, if there i,
any thing in the objection, have saved ourselves
and the country, th's long, expensive, and more
irritating debate. After I hadsubm tied the motion
for the appointment of achairman, fearing, from the
observations which fell in the discussion, that it
might be considered a party move, I rose and de-
clared to the House, that I behsved those gentlemen
as fully entitled to their seats as any members upon
the floor. Sir, I voted and I knew that I was about
to vote, contrary to those gentlemen upon the elec-
tion of Speaker which was then about to ensue.
These gentlemen, voted for you; and I voted for
the honorible gen'leman Irom Tennessee.}; Thus
did I express my op nion upon this question, m ad-
vance of othp'S, an 1 contrary, to my party predi-
lections at the time, if I had any capab'e ot biasing
my judgment. A>id I have not changed inv op1-
mon since. It is true, however, that when the rnai-
ter came to be discussed, and particularly by my
learned colleague, who made ihe ablest exposition
of its principles I had ihe opportunity  f hearing,
my confidence in the opinion, I had formed was
greatly shaken and my doubts increased. My
vote foi the sitting m-nbers, was finally given,
only upun the principle—'hat the presumption
should be m favor of the popular riaht to a repre-
senta'ion, thai "hen the pe pie of Mississippi, un-
der all the fo-iTis oí law, demanded a seat upon this
floor for her R. piesentatn e«, it lay upon those
who denied the nj'it, cleaily to p'3«e that X aid
not exist. The pe p'e of Mississippi should have
the benefit of rm doiJj's Upon «mivc'ton alone
ought their ac*s to be made vo d, and toen Repre-
sentatives be rejScvd. Wei!, sir, alter hearing all,
from every part of the House, I was not full}' sat's-
fied—I was not convinced, that their Representa-
tives ought to be turned out of our doors; and I
voted for the only other alternative left to me, that
Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson were members of
the 25th Congress of the United States. No-
thing that has since occurred has, m the least,
changed the nature of the question. It is
now, as it was then, whether the July election
held by the people of Mississippi wascunsti'uhonal
or not. If our decision, affirming the validity of
this election was right, there is an end of the ques-
tion. The subsequent act'on of ihe people of Mis-
sissippi, cannot m me least affect the relation winch
they then occupied towards us; and it is by that
relation that the question, when reconsidered, is
again to be determined. The pimciples and cir-
cumstances be ng now, substantially, the same that
they were then, mv vote has been, and shall be the
same. The House, howe\ei, bv a vote a'ready
taken, has p\pies«ed an opinion contrary to mine,
and have decl-.t°d that tne July election vras un-
constitutional, and th it die siring members are not
entitled to ibe.i scats. The new quesrion, m this
state of th.n-", ar's^s, wl.dhei the subsequent
election m Xove nber is cood, and the contes-
tants should be allowed to take thei seats as mem-
bers of the 25th Congress—or the election should
be sent back to the people. Those who contend
that the election m iVovernber is good, maintain
that the elec'ion in Ju'y being unconstitutional,
was void " ab tnilm," that the decision *of th s
House confirming it gave no ngh's, and -vas r>Vi
gatoiy ncith.u up'-n this House not tl'e p" >'>)p t f
Mississippi conseipi'iidv, th" election in X >"f"n-
ber, «egnlatly hj'', to hi a \-oinev- icji'n-'v
produced by th> ooti t  " of ! •«, s o i J, i>^ ! '  
contestants shottl i ne a"o ved to f-'c >, ri- ^"'; 1
think I tanly slate th  q tes'ion.
Now, «¡it, piopei'y to nnderstan! th" duty of
Congress up most nsceüom what was the effect of
the resolution passed by th,s Hous , deteimin.ng
that Messrs. Obvborne and Gholson were members
of the 25th Congress. No one doubts—all con-
cede, that tins House s the S'de, absolute, and final
judge,   under  'he   Constitutution of  the   United
{Mr, Be'l,
H. of Reps.-
States, of the election of lis members. It may
err in its judgment, but there is no other or higher
tribunal to correct its errors. If this' is so, its
judgment, pronounced by the power of theConstita-
tion, is simply an exposition of what the Constitu-
tion is; and, until reversed, becomes a part of the
Constitution itself, as much so as the decisions
of the Supreme Couit of the United States. It is
binding, as the supreme law of the land, upon this
House, and the people of the United States repre-
sented within it, and upon the people of Missis-
sippi. Its effect upon this House was, to fill two
seats on this floor, and "de facto" and "de jure,"
to make the gentlemen who occupied them mem-
bers of the 25th Congress. If these gentlemen were
not in tact, and by right, members of _ the 25th
Congress, then all of their acts upon' this floor
are void. Every motion they have made—every
vote they have given, ought to be expunged from
the journals of the House. You have not yet
rescinded }Our resolution—reversed your judg-
ment; and who, up to this moment, has ventured
'o question their right to speak and act as mem-
uers of Congress, within this hall] Why do
not gent'emen, v>ho contend tha' the judgment
of I'rs Hoose is not merely vc'labl , but, when
reversed, will be votd "ab initio," and, conse-
quently, that Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson
have never been members of the 25th Congress—
why do they not carry out their principles into
practice, and march boldly up to the far-famed
process of expunging? It may be as little to
their taste, as it is to mine;—but if their prin-
ciples be correct, constitutional duty, which they
have sworn to maintain, requnes it. And on
the people of Mississippi—what was the effect
of the resolution of this House upon them? It
placed them upon this floor, by their representa-
tives, in council with their confederates. It gave
them avo.ee ?nd influence m all the legislation
affecting all the people of the United States.
It bound them here and at horns,—m the Con-
gress of the Umted States, and m their primary as-
semblies at the polls. It was a part of the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and therefore a part of
the Constitution of Mississippi; and no law or ac-
tion of the people of that State, could contravene
or overrule it. Any election, therefore, held con-
trary to this supreme law of the land, to fill seats
already constitutionally occupied-—to supply a re-
presentation actually existing, was simply void.
In ¡his view, it is unnecessary to enter into any
calculation of majorities; whether the contestants
received a majority or minority of the votes cast
at the November election. If they had received
the vote of every man, woman, and child in Mis-
sissippi, it would not not in the least strengthen their
riglu to seats upon tlus floor. The election would
stilt be void. Its holding was illegal; the law un-
der v. hich it \v as held, so far as members of Con-
gress was concerned, was overruled, aod by us,
can be tieated only as if it had never been.
Against these positions, it has been urged, that
the} make Congress a despotism.     If by  a despo-
tism be meant, uncontroHabie and supreme au-
' thority upon the subjects committed  to Us exclu-
sa e juiisdiction, Congress, as  well  as every other
supreme tiihu i.il, is a despotism.    Every supreme
couit in the land, is a despotism     But will gentle-
men tell us, how socie*y or any  Government can
esist, without such supreme tubunals' There must
be a Una!   arbiter somewheie, m all Governments,
which b nds the cri/ -n  and so<-ie'v, or eiery thong
1   is pul at h?7ii'   liable to t'-e c mtiiiaal rbanres < í
'  ri^rse on f   p.ier    R*coguise any oiher doctrine
i i.i fie case beiou v°'i, a  1 vvheie d es it ¡ lace tie
' S.>*p of Mi -iss pi.fi     Abo.e th* C !is!,-,.prn__
i    \i i 1 Tit'he ior^i  r ><!"'of s i't e,_'. ,v p '.tt>n
— oit.-o'i su aud changing it v h m'v i s comes m
co'iis.o.", e/en   íiKiienta.ly   at.d  n 'hout design,
v 11  anv    of   her   statutes ;    md   she    would
dic'ate the law  not   only   to   her   own citizens,
and   within   her   own   limits,   but   to   Congress
and all the people of  the  United States.     This
far exceeds any power, hitheito maintained, as be-
longing to the States; and seems, not a little f ¡range
when advanced trom the quarter Irom which it
comes.   Sir, m my opinion, the election held in
November, hi Mississippi, is vo.d, because contra-
