Feb, 1838.
25th Cong-"'2n  Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
si
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
had made some remarks which' were intended to
show that such an opinion was uafounded.
Sir, said Mr. Smith, I am gratified to learn that
the honorable gentlemaa disclaims having- spoken
in behalf of the Administration,, or of his coiu in it-
tee. I am glad that he disclaims indifference to-
wards so important a matter on his own part also.
Bat I did not only understand him to say, that there
was no disposition on his own" part, or on the part
of the Administration, or of this House, or of some-
body, to press to a settlement the boundary difficul-
ties that are now disturbing the peace and the rights
of the people' of Maine; but as giving reasons also
for adopting such a policy, such as struck my
mind as being most singular and extraordinary. I
understood him, sir, as advancing as a reason for
disregarding, for the present, the subject of the dis-
puted boundary in the northeast, that it had al-
ready been in dispute for twenty years past; I un-
derstood another reason of his, for such a policy,
■was, that we are on terms of peace and amity with
Great Britain in regard to all other matters; and a
thjrd reason why we should not press to a termina-
tion, at this time, the dispute on the frontier boun-
dary of Maine, which I understood the gentleman
as assigning, was, that Great Britain is at this time
involved in troubles with another people—a portion
of her own subjects, and it would be dishonorable
in us to press our disputes with her to a settlement
under such circumstances.
Sir, these are all reasons why I would see the
boundary of Maine pressed and settled at this time,
and I can assure the honorable gentleman from
Maryland that such a policy is expected ef him,
and of his committee, and of this House, and of
every branch of ihis Government, by the people of
Mame. My colleague, sir, who has already ad-
dressed tlii House, (Mr. Cilley,) has truly repre-
sented what are the feelings of the people of Maine
upon this subject; and I sincerely hope that the
honorable gentleman, who is at the head of foreign
aifairs in this House, will, upon further reflection,
be induced to adopt the same decided interest in fa-
vor of an immediate adjustment of this boundary,
that the President has expressed in his message to
Congress. Sir, the people of Maine have claims
upon this Government in this matter. Does not
the honorable gentleman from Maryland know,
that at this moment one of the citizens of Maine is
incarceiated by the British Government in one of
their provincial jails, and has been so incarcerated
for months and months? And for what, sir? Un-
der the pretext of having committed an act which
the provincial government of Great Britain was
pleased to call a violation of its provincial law,
and upon territory, too, that the honorable chair-
man of foreign affairs here upon this floor declare*
to be the property of Maine by the most clear ami
perfect title!
Yes, sir, a citizen of Maine, let me tell the hono-
rable gentleman, is at this moment imprisoned in
a foreign jail by the British Government, for an
act which that Government has chosen to call an
offence against itself, and upon territory to which
the gentleman admits Maine to have the most
clear and perfect title. He was taken, kidnaped
from our own soil, and transmitted beyond the
limits of the United States, and is still there in pri-
son; and yet the gentleman said he had no disposi-
tion, for reasons which he mentioned, for pressing
the aggression upon the consideration of the House.
Sir, this is not the policy which Maine expects of
this Administration upon this subject; and it is not
the policy which it becomes  this  House to adopt.
Mr Spsaker, calamitous, and untortunate in
other respects, as the recent events on eur frontier,
in the vicinity of Niagara, may be regarded by gen-
tlemen from New York. I cannot but congratu-
late myself, and the State I here represent in pan,
*hat they have occurred. I congratulate myself,
and the State of Maine on account of these events,
because I believe they will have a direct tendency
to brinp to the consideration of this House, and
the Government, and of the country, the aggr
sions which have been perpetrated upon the Terri-
tory and rights of Maine, by the British Govern-
ment They will tend to bring to the considera-
ton of Congress, the worth of the liberty of a citi-
zen  of a State so  far in the eastern extremity of
:>f
res-
this Union as is Maine, and the worth of protec-
ting inviolate the territory of that State. They
will serve to remind this House and the nation of
its duty to a territory that has been-thus drawn in-
to dispute, exceeding in extent the Territory of
near two or three of the entire States "of- the
Union. I have observed, sir, in the docu-
ments communicated by the Secretary of State,
respecting our relations with Mexico, that
the mere circumstaaca that the Misister of
that Government, on the eve of his leaving the
country, had the audacity to ■print a pamphlet of a
character esteemed offensive to the Secretary of
State, or to our Government, has been regarded as
sufficient consequence to call for the special consi-
deration of this House and of the nation, and held
up in the light Of an offence that should inflame the
nation into a war upon the Government of that
Minister. Sir, if such an unimportant circum-
stance is esteemed to be of such magnitude in our
relations with Mexico, may I not express some sur-
prise that the honorable chairman of the Commit-
tee of Foreign Affairs should be so inclined to
overlook the outrages committed upon the citizens
and rights and-territory of Maine as the British
Government has been, and still is, guilty of? I
repeat, sir, that I am gratified, and it must be a
subject of legitimate congratulation in Maine, that
events have taken place of a character to arouse
the attention of the Representatives of New York
upon this floor to the outrages of the British Go-
vernment, inasmuch as it will tend to elevate the
aggressions committed by the same Government
upon the people and rights of Maine, to equal con-
sideration on the part of this House and of the
present Administration, wiih that bestowed upon
the offensive pamphlet published by the Mexican
Minister. Let the injuries of Maine constitute, at
least, as much of an appendage to the aggressions
committed by the British Government upon New
York, as the published pamphlet, to which 1 have
alluded, has been made to our unsettled claims up-
on Mexico. Sir, 1 hope the resolutions offered by
the gentleman from New York (Mr. Fillmore,)
will pass with unanimity; and if they will bear the
construction of a call upon the President for all the
information he possesses relative to violations of
our treaty relations with Great Britain upon the
extreme eastern border, where a citizen of the
United States has been kidnapped and carried out
of the country by the British Government, I shall
like the resolutions so much the better. I hope
they will bear this broad construction. But for
what they do mean I gu for them, and hope they
will pass, as I am sure they will.
SPEECH OF MR. HUBBARD,
Ol.'   INeW   HaMPSHWE.
In Senate, February 7th and Slh, 1838—-Upon the bill
"to impose additional duties, as depositaries, up-
on certain public officers, to appoint Receivers
General of public money, and to regulate the
safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement, of the
public money of the Unitod States."
If, Mr. President, the honorable Senator from
Virginia is governed by those high considerations,
which he ascribes to his course: If,  as  he says,
the pure love of country controls his actions here:
11" he has the consiousness of having honestly and
faithfully discharged his public duty, what has he
to fear from all the denunciations of party? Armed,
as he must be, so strong  in. honesty, he   would disre-
gard all the bitter peisecutions of political preju-
dice.  The American people are too well informed,
not to understand the  acts of every public man,
and too discerning, not to see the motives which
induce those acts, and  they are too just, however
much they may censure the action, to   condemn
the actor, if his course of action has been governed
by the high considerations of public duty.    I shall,
sir, judge no man.    1 will not,for a moment, in-
dulge the thought that any  view of self-elevation,
of personal aggrandisement, can influence the course
of any member of this Senate.   1 am bound to be-
lieve that  the distinguished public men of our
country, whatever may be their passion for pre-
ferment, their ambition for place, are nevertheless
governed in their public course by considerations
of patriotism. Mr. President, I feel also, in com-
mon with the honorable Senator from Virginia, the
responsibilities which devolve on me; and it is my
purpose to act, here and elsewhere, as one that must
give an account. All I-can say-is, that if.it should
so-happen, that my course, os this or on any other
great measure of public policy, shall not meet the
approbation of my constituents, that I "shall be
ready, at their bidding, to give up my place to ano-
ther, who shall better represent the will- of the
people.
The Senator from Virginia has very distinctly
expressed his dissatisfaction with the object and de-
tails of the bill emanating from the Committee on
Finance. Pie has stated, and truly stated, that it is
the same in principle with the bill of the last ses-
sion. The fate of that bill is matter of history. It
originated in this branch of Congress; was here fully
discussed, most critically and carefully considered,
and finally received the sanction of the Senate. Its-
fate in the House of Representatives was not so
fortunate for the Government or the country. It
was laid upon the table; and notwithstanding the
agitation of the public mind in relation to this sub-
ject, notwithstanding the peculiar condition of tha
currency of the country, and of the finances of the
Government, the bill there yet remains; and as far,
sir, as I have been able to learn the passing events,
not a movement has been made since the com-
mencement of the present session, to bring this
most important subject to the consideration of that
branch of Congress; a subject immediately con-
nected with the collection, custody, and disburse-
ment of the money of the people.
The Senator from Virginia says that he anticipa-
ted, at this session, a different measure. The final
disposition of the bill of the last session, the in-
dications of popular sentiment which have taken
place since it was first brought forward, and the
sentiments of the recent Message of the President,
led him to suppose that a different policy would be
manifested; that a measure more in accordance
with the public mind would now have been pre-
sented for the consideration of Congress. There is,
sir, a radical difference between the Senator and
myself, in relation to the state of popular opinion.
If the Senator will appeal to the great working
classes of our community, to the actual cultivator 
of the soil, the mechanics-and tradesmen, of the coun-
try, he will find a deep-rooted conviction that the
time has come when all financial connection be-
tween the Government of their choice and the
banks of the States ought, in their judgment, to be
dissolved. A differont sentiment, I have no doubt,
pervades other portions of the community.
But I feel a perfect confidence that, if this ques-
tion could now be submitted to the American peo-
ple—" Shall the revenues of the Government hereafter
be collected and disbursed independent of banking insti-
¡ttüotu?"—that the Senator would find, from the re-
sponse, that he had altogether mistaken the state of
public opinion.
I am somewhat surprised that the Senator should
have anticipated any different measure from the
character of the Message. .The President says:
"If a majority of Congress see the public welfare in a
different light, and inore especially if they should be
satisfied that the measure proposed would not be accept-
able to the people, I shall look to their wisdom to substi-
tute such as may be more conducive to the one and
more satisfactory to the other. In <my event, they may
confidently rely on my hearty co-operation, to the fullest
extent which my views of the Constitution and my sense
of duty will permit." There is nothing in this para-
graph which could lead the Senaior to anticipate
the recommendation of a different measure. The
mind of the President was unaltered. "I have (he
said) found no reason to change my own opinion
as to the expediency of adopting the system pro-
posed, being perfectly satisfied that there will be
neither stability nor safety, either in the fiscal af-
fairs of the Government, or in the pecuniary trans-
actions of individuals and corporations, so long as
a connection exists between them, which, like the
past, offers such strong inducements to make them
the subjects of political agitation." The Senator
could not have anticipated from this part of the
President's message that he was in favor of any
7
