Feb. 1838.
2.1TII   Co\G'"-2\D   Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
Making public officers depoñtaries—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
thecal incii ! >c.il institutions have disregarded
thtii on'igaliuns to tlu Government—have wmo'ly
failed tu [i i lorm their engagements, and li thry
aie now s itlei ng, it is a suffering which they
have brought upon themselves, without the pri-
vity or agency of the Government
1 most freely admit that the passage of this bill
will eflectually pat down unsound and irresponsi-
ble banking institutions, Tvhile it ran have no in-
jurious effect upon those of an opposite character
The bill contemplates the collection and dis-
bursement of the revenue independent of banks
It seeks to separate from them as fiscal agents, to
manage the affairs of the Government in. its own
iva}, but these acts evince no hostility to the bank-
ing s>stem, it leaves the banks as it found them.
The Government at no time employed but about
one-tenth part of the banks of the country as pub-
lic depositories. Thenegkct to employ the others,
v. as never charged upon the Government as an
act of hostility totheiu, and the discontinuance of
those which may have been selected, cannot, with
any more justice, be regarded as an act of hostility
to them.
Tne hoarding of spscie has been alleged to be
the tendency of this measure, and on that account
objectionable. I have Lslened to the course of re-
mark in relation to this particular objection, and I
really should suppose, from the character of the
debate, that \v ere the public íevenues now all re-
quired to be collected m gold and silver, that the
consequence would be the necessary abstraction of
the whole amount of the revenues Irom actual
circulation. That this Government collects to
keep, not to disbuise, and that everv dollar which
shall be paid rito the National Treasury, is to be
locked up m the iron chests and safes of the Depart-
ment, and for all the usesof an actual moneyed capi-
tal, these collections might be as well sunfc: in the
ocean. How is this, Mr. President? Is this Go-
vernment thus to conduct its affairs? Is this Go-
vernment taus to act the part of the sordid miser*
Let us examine this subject, and we shall at once
discover that nothing can be more unfounded than
the charge, that the tendency of this measuie is a
hoauli'gupot specie. It can be matter of very
i't'b mp jiince to the people what slull be
the chii.ee' «f die revenue lecenpts, if those
receipi u to W wnhduiwn from the circulating
mediun ¡i t i m me it t lev ale deposited in the
vaub ot tiK Tna> v tli y die no h'"gei to pei-
foi.n the oti ess of muñe}, no longer lo maiiea
part of the gciieial currenc). The revenues
might as well be collected in iron as m gold
But nothing can be Jurther from the truth The
piactical opeiat on uf our revenue M^tem is
but an mdiiect tix opon the people, and it would be
equal!} ?n act of palpanle injustice to collect mo-
ney from tticm, eithci tor .he purpose of loaning to
the banks, or ot locku.g upm the Tieasuiy.
I trust the tune has at length arrived when, under
the opeíation of oui laws—wnhawell regulateu
commerce—a'leady and natural course ot trade
and mmuftctures—when supply shall not eveed
demand—that no more money will be drawn lronj
the people than shall be necessary for the propei
suppoit ol the Government This is the giand de-
sideratum m political economy—and to l^s point,
not only theexfnienceof the country, but ¡he effect
of the c\i--i,ng tariff system directly tends T^ke,
for evurpie, the collections and elisbuisemen's for
the 1 isl t\i ' } en s ai d the result w ill «how this tact
most emphatically, that none ol the people's monev
has been boarded up m the public Treasmy It
will show this additional fact, that the public leeeipts
bear a inr t i< rtunate ptoportion to the public Pt-
penditnris, that at the commencement ol the }ear
1838, thert was but a little moic. than a million of
dollars unexpended in the Treasury, and thai not
les= than fourteen millions of dollars was then re-
maining a< huge upon the Treasury, as- the balance
of outstand ii<> appioprntions
The receipts into the Tieasuiy, m
1836, were       -           -           - ^48,873 964 36
The balance m the Treasaiy, Jan-
uary 1st, I83G            -           -   20,740,863 96
Miking m the Tieasury, Januaiy
1st, lb¿7          -           -           •
75,623,868 38
In the course of the year 1836 the
actual expenditures amounted to   29,655,244 4.6
Leaving an unexpended balance,
January 1st, 1837       -           -    45,968,523 86
The receipts into the Treasury, re-
ceived and estimated to January
1st, 1838, were            -           -   23,499,981 00
Making the amount of receipts,
January 1st, 1838        -           -   69,468,501 86
The expenditures, made and esti-
mated in 1837 -            -           -   35,281,36157
Leaving in the Treasury, Jarnary
1st, 1838          -           -           -   34,187,143 29
Of  this   balance,
there has been
deposited   with
the States        - $28,101,644 97
To this may be ad-
ded the amount
of funds not a-
vailable, viz:  - 5,000,000 00
Making the whole sum unavailable 33,101,644 97
Which will leave unexpended in
the Treasury, Jan  1st, 1838     -  #1,085,498 32
It will also appear, from the estimates of receipts
and expenditures for the current year, as presented
by the head of the Treasury Department, that th< re
will be, on the first of Januarj, 1839, less than a
million and a half of dollars remaining m the pi b-
bc Treisury and at the same time there will lie a
balance of old appropnat ons, chargeable up m in"
Treasury,of eleven millions of dcilars Th3 ide?
then, is preposterous, of hoarlmg up large anions
of t je public money, of withdravs mj from arc u , -
tion, of abstracting'from ac'uai use, any aLrr ,fig
portions of the public funds.
The tariff of 1841 will bring down the rev,enii-as
of the country to the wants of the Government and
there is every reasonable prabability that the time
is far removed when the public receipts shall r.¡ i
much exceed the public expenditures. Nor v. .11
the tendency of this measure be an interna! dram
of the precious metals, even upon the supposi-
tion that every elollai of the public ¡evenues ¿hall
be colltUed m gold and silver, for this plain rea-
son, that the amount collected f-ora the people will
be disbmsed to the people, and that the kind of cur-
rencv drawn from the peopl> «ill return to them
again. Noi can the tendency of this me.-smeie
to keep specie at a premium, or, m more apprupi -
ate language, to keep papei at a discount
It must be the purpose of the honorable Senator
from Vnginia to have the revenues collected e *n>r
i a specie ti in pap r equivalen" to specie í i eit c
cite, ih íevenues vvomd le íeceived, .i \ >r\
pi action! «icnsc, m a eunency not deprecia...1, li
having a standaid value, for it seems tone t b«>
wholly immatenal to the public creditor whether
he is paid in gold and sdver, or m bank piper cm-
I v eitibie on the spot into specie The difference is
more m «ounl than substance The bill of the
committee looks to the collection of the Gov en -
ment revenues m a peifectly sound currencv, ml
tins must be the wish of every Senator present
The bill goes farther it looks to the teepmsr oi ttiis
same revenue from every possible change, so that
the same mav be disbursed in a curreicv ot .in
equal value, and this, too, must be the i'e\ip d
even Itiend of the Constitn'ion ind ofihec. u itr\
The ('uect tfleet of this pohev would be to n-"
the s andard of local bank pape,, and to s'ista n
the ciedit of such Stale institutions whose cr di1
merited suppoit
Tne Stnatoi fiom Virginia has alluded to die
Consirvalue paitv, as he has beeii please? to c II
it, and Ins s?aeii an interesting account "f the
orgm and ínílue.iee of this política! associat on.
I am, Mr. Piesident, \eiy certa n that the distinc-
tive name oí this party was not conferred ,.t any
time by way of odium, eithei by any individual or
In any othet political sect It was a na ne
assumed I y themsolves, and I am euuallv ceitain
that the chaiiman ot die Committee on Finance,
m the course of his very able speech, did not use
the word Conservative,or speak of the party either
as small Jn nnnvber or as powerless in influence, or
in any offensive s©nsé.   1 leave tímt matter, how- '
ever, with him to settle with the Senator .himself.
The distinguished gentleman from Tirgfaia hitó
given to the Senate, in the course off títfc debate,
many happy and appropriate quotation ? ftom
ancient as well as from modern Kferatate. He
ha? made allusions, from his extensive reading, to
a historical fact, as illustrative of the peenliar
position and destined influence of the political
party to which he professes to belong. He has
told us that, after the battle of Salanxis, those who
had taken part in that memorable conflict, accord-
ing to the custom, were required to place upon the
altar of Neptune written billets, designating the
person who had rendered most service m the battle
and was entitled to the highest distinction. Each
one wrote first his own name, and a great majority
wrote the name of Themistocles as their second
choice. That, although the friends of his policy
were few in number, yet the friends of both the
great systems, now put forth as antagomstical to
each other, would prefer Ms p'a  to that of their
opponents; and thus he expected, as a second choice,
to draw to the support of his measure the unani-
mous vote of the Senate. I pray that the Senator
himself may not become, like Themistocles, dissa-
tisfied with this second choice, and, hke him. repair
to Sparta, and there hare awarded to him again
the second honors, but that he will, ualiS  the
Athenian general, love Themistocles less and
Greece more.
I would apply this historical fact to political
life. I would suppose that the much abused occu-
pant of the White House was a candidate for the
Presidency. With his known opinions upon the
subject of revenue and of currency, he would com-
mand the support of the friends of the measure
emanating from the Committee on Finance, and
now befjre the Senate. The National Bank party
would put forth the>r favorite candidate, and these
two parties «ornóme the great pottions of the peo-
ple; that the advocates of the State Bank dep"sue
system should rally and present their candidate,
and, holding m their bands the balance of power,
should compel one or the other party to write The-
nnstocfes as a-second choice, and thus a candidate
imght be elevated to- the Presidency againsf the
known wishes" of the America  |>e8pféf would
the Senator lend his powerful "tafluence in thus 
thwaitmg popular sentiment5 I trust not, sir.
Tins his'oncal allusion is not without lostrac-
l on, and I hope not without profit. Another bat-
tle of S?lamis is to be fought. The Persian mo-
rtal ch, in all the magniñeence of wealth and of
power, is m the field the liberties of Athens and of
a!' Greece are again as«a led, the fiends- of equal
i ishts, uudei their "An^ud"? the Just," will come
to the rescue, and deliver their eount.y, and dip m-
■-¡itu'ions of their country, from the assaults of tins
enemy to public and to pnva'e liberty.
Tne great mass of the bank power of the coun-
try ¡s now arrayed agaiast the Government, to af-
fect arevolation in public opinion True it is that
the Senator from Massachusetts, on a former oeea-
s.o.i, remarked "That he considered the question
of renewing the bank charter as entirely settled
It eculd not be renewed Public opinion, he
thought, very unfortunately for the countrv, had
deci *e 1 as*ainst it; and while there v,as a strong and
icev id ng sentiment in the ni'ads of the nmnvi-
ni'y asamst a measure, it was qu.'e iseless to
nove such a measure. Por himself, he ^iionld
take no patt in any attempt to renew the charter oi
t!ie bank. The people had dec dc' against its con-
tinuance, and it must e\p,'e. If. while he remain 
ed here, there should 1 e a gínerol c.tü of the coun-
<i\ for anew natiunal institution, he should, of
course, boreadv to ai I ¡a us estibl&hmcnt. But,
foi himself, it was his -tated purpose to do noihmg
nore, m relation to a National Bank, till a deci-
sive lead should be given m that direction b> the
public opinion " But it requires no optics keen to
see that, in hts view, the fit time has come
I pray to Heaven that there mav be no Amen.
can Themistocles, who may havs contributed to
elevate the fame, and to establish the hbeite< of
his belo.'fid country, wiU¡ like nun, de&ert J|||
