Feb. 1836.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLÓBÉ.
M
25th Oof
Sí
Malting- public officers depositaries—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
to it a perfect control over State institutions, will
enable it to resume specie payments at its pleasure,
and to keep down other local banks.
I am, sir, utterly opposed to this third section of
the amendment; its adoption will, in practice, lead
to great embarrassment in, the safe-keeping of the
public fund-;, and stands opposed to that policy
which seeks the re-establishment of the currency
sanctioned by the Constitution and the early en-
actments of Congress.
Mr. President, when the Senate adjourned, I
was considering the details of the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Virginia, to the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Finance. I had
stated my objections to the provisions of the first
and third sections. I will now proceed to state
other objections to this substitute.
The sixth section of the amendment is obnoxious
to this objection. It is not imperative. It
says it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to enter into contracts in the name, and for and
on behalf of the united States, with the said
banks so selected and employed, whereby the said
banks shall stipulate to do and perform the se-
veral duties and services prescribed by this act."
It is a little remarkable, that in no part of the
amendment is it made imperative upon the Secre-
tary, either to deposite the money, or lo make con-
tracts with Hie deposite banks to be selected.
It is a matter left after all to the discretion of that
officer. I am opposed to it on that ground, after
what has taken place—after the entire failure of the
deposite banks to perform the office? and duties
which they stipulated to perform; I am unwilling
to leave this matter of deposites, and of making
contract?, to the discretion of any officer. I would
plainly and explicitly point out his duty. I would
make every pari of the law imperative upon those
charged with its execution.
The eighth section contains an entirely new pro-
vision, and its execution would be altogether im-
practicable, if 1 rightly understand its requirements.
The object of the Senator from Virginia is, undoubt-
edly, to check over-issues, and thereby to preserve
in better security the public funds. But does not
the Senator know that it is the policy of banks, when-
ever they make an issue of their paper, to ascertain.
whtre thi- emission is to te paid our? and how re-
mote from the bank it is lo be put info circulation'?
A bank mi the city oí Boston is applied to for a dis-
count of fifty ih .'usand dollars. Suppose it to be one
of the favored twnry-fivc: it makes ¡he discount
upon the agreement that the bills shall be put ¡n cir-
culation in the county of Hancock, in Mame, or in
the county of Franklin, in Vermont, orin the county
of Coos, in New Hampshire, what banks in the
vicinity, by rca-.on of this discount, would necessa-
rily have transactions with the deposite banks, re-
quiring a settlement as often as once a week? It is
not the good and convertible paper of other banks,
(that any deposite bank may have on hand,) which
puts it in jeopardy. Such a description oí means
adds to its .strength. The hazard, the exposure, and
the whole danger, consists in the amount of its own
paper circulation, and this section will pro\e alto-
gether inefficient in restraining that circulation, or
confining the receipt of its paper to banks in the
immediate vicinity. There is no occasion   require
a deposite or any other bank to exchange the paper
of other institutions .for specie. Every well con-
ducted bank will always be prompt to get rid of the
paper of other banks, in order to be prepared to meet
its own liabilities.
The ninth ¡-eetion of the substitute I do not con-
sider objectionable, if this State deposite .system is
again to receive the legal sanction of Congress.
I would ¡uk the honorable Senator from Virgi-
nia to inform me, under his tenth section, what is
there to prevent the President of the United States
from issuing another Specie circular, requiring that
all the revenues shall be thereafter collected in
gold and silver? There has been, sir, so much cla-
mor, so much complaint for that act of the late
Executive, which, at the time and tinder the cir-
cumstance?, was most patriotic and praiseworthy
in its conception, and most salutary and useful in
its opcr.itioü, tint I could not have supposed that
the Senator trom Virrmia would have again left
this matter to Executive discretion.
Let us, for a moment, examine the tenth section
of the Senator's amendment. It provides that the
revenues of the Umted States shall be collected and
received in gold and silver, or in Treasury notes,
or in the notes of banks which are payable and
paid on demand in the legal coins of the United
States; similar in its provisions, in this particular,
to the joint resolution of April, 1816; and as that
resolution has already received a construction—as
from that period lo the present it has not been con-
sidered as absolutely imperative upon the Govern-
ment to take the notes of specie-paying banks in
payment ofjits revenue—what is there, under this
section, to prevent the President of the United
States issuing a circular, direeted to all collectors
and receivers, to collect and receive the revenues
exclusively in coin? There is nothing. The elec-
tion, as to the kind of money to be required, is con-
fided to the officers ef the Government. If the Se-
nator intends, by the terms of this section, to mak«
it the bounden duty of receivers to take paper
mon<~y, why not say so, instead of using the precise
phraseology of the resolution of April, 1816?
The remaining sections, in the substitute pro-
posed, do not materially change the existing provi-
sions of the act of June, 1836, and the existing pro-
visions of other acts, in relation to the denomina-
tion of paper money in which any d¿lt due to the
United States shall be received.
This, Mr. President, is the substitute which the
honorable Senator from Virginia proposes to the
bill reported from the Committee on Finance; and
I would ask whether this substitute ought to find
favor in this boJy? Is it justly entitled to favora-
ble consideration in any quarter? At a time like
this, when, by one fell swoop, the local banks
of'our country are involved in an universal bank-
ruptcy—when, with but few honorable exceptions,
these State institutions, selected as the depositories
of the public money, have either refused to fulfil
their engagements to the Government, or h*ve
wholly disregarded those engagements for the last
nine months—when not only the Government, but
every class of our community,, is suffering great
embarrassment, and is subject to severe pecuniary
loss, by the failure oí these local banks to redeem
their pledges—I say, at a time like this, lo bring
forward such a proposition, is, to my mind, matter
of astonishment. The events which have recently
transpired in one of the cities of this Union, should
induce the honorable gentleman to pause before he
urges his amendment, and should indoce every
member of this Senate to pause long before he
adopts tins amendment. Every bank, with the
exception of one in the city of Boston, selected as a
depository of the public money, has failed, ac-
knowledging itself unable to redeem its paper and
to fulfil its obligations to the people. That one,
which has breasted the storm unmoved, has long
since pai'l to your order every dollar of your mo-
ney it had in charge. That one never could hive
wanted the aid of the public deposites; and, when
it received the public funds, was not thereby com-
pelled to depart, in the management of its con-
cerns, from its ¡ugh and responsible duly to the
Government.
But the recent failures of State institutions has
not been confined to the deposite banks in the city
of Boston. I might name others in that city which
had"never been selected as the fiscal agents of the
Government, that have entirely failed to fulfil their
promifes, Banks not only having no connection
with the Government, but under the direction of
men in in respect friendly to the Administration,
are no louser classed and numbered with the con-
gregation of living, solvent, and respnnsi' I? Su'e
institutions. And, sir, can it be that ih* i?.'m-'or
from Virginia is prepared to revive that un<.-i 1 e-
twecn the State banks and the Government of his
country which tins proved so disastrous in its con-
scqnenceMÍ It may be wnll, sir, to trace the history
of tint connection between the Government and
the banks. The public money was withdrawn
from the Bank of the United States in ISM, and
since that period, and up to January 1, 1837, the
Government funds were kept in deposite in certain
local hank?, selected by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury lor that purpose. On the first day of January,
1837, but a little more than'three years after State
banks had been,' selected as paMic depositories,
more than forty millions of dollaui w*re then heW
in deposite by the selected Stale, .irisiitations  On
that day, after a deduction of Ato mO&o^one-
fourth part of the remainder, under .flje';jjcf" of
June, 1836, was required to be deposited vwk,ike
States; another fourth was required, to be trans-
ferred on the first day of April following;-and
another fourth on the first of July then next; and
yet, sir, such was the severe operation of this pro-
cess of transfer, as required by the act of June,
1836, added to the other existing liabilities of the
banks, that an universal suspension of specie pay-
ment was resorted to as indispensably necessary
to prevent their utter prostration. This catastro-
phe, like a raging tempest, involved in one general
bankruptcy not only the pet banks of the Govern-
ment, but every other bank of the country, wish
here and there an exception.
The effects upon the community of that explo-
sion are too fresh in our minds to require recapitu-
lation. Every section of our country, and every
class of our citizens, are bow suffering under the
effects of that event. And shall we not profit from
this lesson of experience? Is the Senator prepared,
in the midst of all this ruin and devastation, to re-
commend again thisState bank deposite system? as a
system convenient lot the Government in the ma-
nagement of its fiscal operations, or indispensably
necessary for the general prosperity and Sttecess of
the people? This suspension of specie payment
happened on the first of May last, a little more
than ten months after the passage of the deposite
act of 1836; and at that time the deposite banks
held of the public money more than thirty-seven
millions of dollars. It is true that nine millions of
this sum was transferred to the States on the first
of July thereafter. The Senator from Virginia
need not be informed of the constant embarrass-
ment and difficulty which the Administration has
since experienced in collecting and controlling this
portion of the public money. He need not be in-
formed of the odium which has attached to the Go-
vernment, by the delays to which it has been com-
pelled to resort for want of these very means. The
Senator need not be informed that more than four
millions of this amount, under the indulgent provi-
visioa of the act of the last session, has been put
beyond the control of the Executive, for many
months yet to come. And I wobM task if these
are considerations which should indace the Senate,
at this time, to regard with favor the proposition of
the Senator from Virginia? The amendment pro-
posed contemplates an union with a moneyed
power independent of, and irresponsible to, the Go-
vernment and the people; an union which puts the
whole funds of the country at the mercy of these
soulless corporations.
This, sir, is but an imperfect sketch of the cha-
racter and tendency of the substitute pioposed by
the Senator from Virginia te the bill reported
from the Committee on Finance. I cannot, for
one, agree to the revival of a system wfeicb sad ex-
perience teaches has brought upon the Govern-
ment nothing but pecuniary embarrassment; upan
the banks, suspension and failure; apon the people,
disaster and distress.
Such, Mr. President, is the character, the ob-
ject, and the details of the measure proposed by the
honorable Senator from Virginia; a measure which
would make it obligatory upon the Government to
dernwite ;t5 funds with State institutions over
whhh the Government ha« no control, with the
creation of which the Government had no concern;
a measure which would compel the Government to
v eld up the public ík?,i*.*—the raoney of the Ame-
rican people—to the exclusive management of local
banks; to mingle the rev aues of the country with
the revenues of State corporations, whose whole
business and object is advancement and profi': to
subject the capital of the Government to ail the
hazards of banking operations.
The ¡ate colleague of the honorable Senator,
while the bill to continue the charter of the United
States Bank was «nder consideration, remarked
that "the recent disclosures have convinced me that
a broader metallic basistban now exists, is absolute-
ly necessary to sustain our extended system of
bank credit and bank paper currency; and I cm,
