HO_________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________Jan. 1838.
25th Cong-—2nd Sl&s.                          Relief of the heirs of Richard W. Meade—Mr. Wright.                                                    Senate.
No further history ot this litigation has been,
found in the papéis, nor is any further detail m le-
lation to it deemed important to the present discus-
ión. Little is learned, lrom the documents which
have been examined, of the character or severity
of the imprisonment suffeied, except that our mi-
nister in Spam, m the course of lus correspondence
with the Spanish authorities to obtain the release
of Mr. Meade, often styles the prison " a felon's
prison," and a single clause3m the memorial ot Mrs.
Meade to the Piesident of the United States, which
will be hereafter more particulaily refeired to,
wherein she says, speaking of this imprisonmeut of
Mr. Meade, that he was " confined in a dungeon,
with a sentinel at his door, and Jot stvei al months
locked up at night." This language would seem to
imply that the " dungeon in which Mr. Meade
was confined was not, for any portion ot the lime
of his imprisonment, locked duung the daytime,
and that it was not locked during the night, except
for a few months of the penod. These observa-
tions would become material hereafter.
At this stage of the pioceedmgs, Mi Meade
commenced his appeals to our minister m Spam,
and the correspondence between that minister and
the Spanish Government would show that no want
of zeal or exertion in the cause of Mr. Meade
could be alleged against that agent of the United
States, upon which a liability on the pait of tins
Government to pay his claims could be iounded
Mr W. said he had read the correspondence with
kome attention, that he made no pretensions to the
diplomatic science, but that he must say, if any
impiession had been made upon hi  mind moie
strongly ttun anolhei, fiom that leading, it was
that of surprise that the Spanish authoiities had not
considered and treated the minisitei as exceeding
his diplomatic character and duties in the warmth
and pertinacity of his appeals on behalf of Mi
Meade. Indeed, if his memory served him, the
minister did persevere until his notes weie returned
unanswered by those diplomatic agents of the
Spanish Government to whom they were addressed.
Noi were his efforts confined to his exertions in
Spain, as he did not tail to invoke the aid oí his
Government by appeals to; and lhiough, the Seeie-
tary of State, at various stages of the pioceedings
Still Mr Meade was not relieved fiom duiess,
and, on the 4th of December, 1817, Mis Meade
addiessed to the Prtsu'eut of the United States a
inemonal, detailing his grievances and uiging the
interference of this Government to obtain his re-
lea e. A call was made by the House of Repie-
■sentatives upon the President for the 111(01 mation in
his possession relating to the arrest aid impugn-
ment of Mr Meade, and by a message, dated on
ihe 29th ol January, 1818, he ttansinitted copies of
the correspondence between out mmislei m Spain
and the Spanish authorities, and beiwien both and
the Sccietary of State of the United States, together
with the memorial of Airs Meade, above relcired
to. The subject was referred to the Committees on
Foitign Relations of the respective houses of Con-
gress, from which written leports were made,
htrongly temonstrating against the treatment under
which it appealed to th°m Mr Meade was unjustly
suffering, and each report concluded with expres-
sions strongly indicative of a disposition, on the
pait of this Government, to intcrfeie in his behalf,
■unless his release should follow those proceedings
of the National Legislature These reports uere
made, that to the Senate on the 24th of March, and
that to the House of Representatives on the 4th
of April, 1818
So far did the authorities of this Government, at
home and abroad, go to relieve Mr Meade from
his unpleasant situation, growing out of a litiga-
tion, not with the Spanish Government, but with a
jmvate individual, not out of his claims against
Spain, but out of a private trust, voluntartly as-
sumed by him, and involving the interests of those
at whose suit, and by whose piocurement, he was
imprisoned.
He would not here stop to comment upon the
propriety of this mteiference on the part of our
Government and its authorities, although, at a sub-
sequent stage of the discussion, it would be h>s du-
ty to allude to it. His whole purpose, for the pre-
sent, would be answeied by the remark, that,
hitherto, most certamly the United States had dons
nothing, and omitted nothing, from which a liabi-
lity to pay the claims ol Mr. Meade against the
Government of Spain could even he pretended,
much less sustained. Indeed it was but just to say
that he did not understand the friends of the claim
to infer liability from any of the proceedings which
had yet been recounted.
Mr. Meade was discharged fiom dmess some-
time in May, 1818, and seems to have turned his
attention immediately to the adjustment of his
claims upon the Spanish Government. During trie
period of his anest and confinement, the papers
show that he was devoting every exeition m his
power to the attainment of this object, and that our
mmislei m Spain did notfail,mhrscoirespondence
with the Spanish authoiities m lelation to his im-
prisonment, to interpose the subject of his claims
also, whenever that ceuld be done with piopriety,
oi with any prospect of benefit to Mr. Meade. But
aftei his final release this became Mr. Meade's sole
business, and his appeals to our minister abioad,
and to the proper department ot om Government
at home, in reiuenoe to ihe claims, became dncct
and earnest
At as early day as the Gib of June, 1818, only
one month attei his idease, Mi. Meade uddiessed
a lettei to our Societal y of State, which, in a cei-
tam contingency, announced his intention of throw-
ing lumsclt upou the protection and jusbice of his
Government, and abandoning his peisonal efforts to
settle, oi obtain payment of his claims This lettei
seems, upon its face, to have grown out of a state
ol circumstances such as follow.
Mr. Meade alleges, thai, aftei his release, it was
intimated to him from a stnctly confidential, but
highly authoritative source, that in case he could
make a furthei advance m money to the Spanish
Government, and would accept a grant of land in
ihe Flondds foi lus whole claims, the business
might be adjusted much to his advantage Know-
ing that negotiations weie depending m the United
Stales for a cession of the Floudas to our Govern-
ment, he « ould not venture to make any advance
towards an adjustment of his claims ujwn this
basis, until he had wtitten to the Secretary of State,
the negoliatni on Ihe part of the United Stales,
and learned from him whether, m case a tieaiy
should be concluded, and the cession made, a giant
of land to him by Spam, of thai date, would be
valid. Hence the letter to which he referred, bear-
ing date the 6lh June, 1818, at Cadi/, was written,
and to make the above inquiry was its pnnupal
object. As it was his fixed purpose to occupy as
little of the time ot the Senate as possible, he would
only trouble them with the reading of the last clause
ot the lettei     It was in these words
"I shall wait in Madrid loi youranswei, and
should it be unsatisfactory, or should I find it im-
practicable evento obtain this mode of aridiige-
ment from the Spanish Government, in case of
your answer being satisfactory, I shall entei my
protest, and leave the kingdom, and place a full
reliance on my own Government for suppoiting
my just demands,when ever an ananguncnt shall
t ike place between the two countries, being con-
fident thit, whenever such an event does take
place, provision will be made for the claims of our
citizens "
Here was a contingent apjieal to oui Govern-
ment to mike the claims of Mr Mtade matter of
maty stipulation between us and Spam, and the
contingency, in the first aspect of it, was to be pat
at rest by our Secietary of State If a grant of
land in Flonda, made to Mr. Meade by the Spa-
nish Government, would not be recognised in, or
made valid bv, the treaty of cession from Spain to
the United States, then the appeal was no longer
contingent but positive, because, in that case, the
determination of Mi. Meade was declared, to entei
his piotest, leave the kingdom of Spam, and rely
upon his own Government for his redress The
Seeteiary of State, immediately, answered his let-
ter, and assured him that, in case a treaty was
concluded, and the Floridas ceded, grants of laud
therein made by Spam, at so late a date, would not
bf iceogmsed and confirmed The contingency
was, therefore, put at lest by the answer of the
Secretary of State to Mr, Meade's letter, and the
appeal of Mr. Meade to the protection of our
Government "remained before the State Depart-
ment without condition
Mr. Meade, in some' of the papers, seems to
suppose that this call from him upon the Secre-
taiy of State, and his failure to accept of a grant
of Florida lauds, gives him a strong equitable
claim, to appeal to our Government for the pay-
ment of his demands against Spain; hut was this
supposition well feunded? His letter to the Se-
cretary of State, making the inquiry whether such
a grant to him by Spam would be recognised, in case
a treaty was made, was written at Cadiz, in Spam,
on the 6th of June, ISIS, and the language of the
letter conclusively proves that it was written im-
mediately after the intimation had been made to
him that his claims might be adjusted in this mode.
A treaty was concluded by which the Floridas were
ceded to the United States, and that treaty was
signed at Washington on the 22d of February,
1819. By it all grants Of land in the territories of
Florida, made by Spain prior to the 24th day of
January, 1818, were confirmed and made valid,
and all grants of land in those territories made sub-
sequent to that day, were declared to be null and
void. From these dates and facts, it will be seen
that, had Mr Meade taken a grant of Florida
lands from Spam, at the time his letter to the Se-
cretary of State was written, or withm any period
of five months previous, it would have availed
him nothing, as the treaty would have made it, as
it did make all grants by Spam, withmthat period,
and subsequent to it, absolutely null and void. It
is not easy to see hovv a claim for the payment of
money, either legal or equitable, can arise out of
tins state of facts.
It would seem, therefore, that even at this stage
of the proceedings, so far as our Government was
concerned, Mr. Meade stood in the condition of a
voluntaiy applicant fonts protection, and its jus-
tice, whenever an anangement should take place
between the countiies, being confident, as in his
lettei io the Secretary of State, he expressed himself
to be, that, whenever such an event should take
place, provision would be made for the claims of
our citi/ens.
But the strength ol the argument does not rest
here This appeal of Mr. Meade, it is true, was
made to the negotiator, on our part, of the treaty,
which concluded ihatnegotiation, it was made pen-
ding the negotiation, not only, hut was made when
Mr Meade knew that negotiation to be pending,
and because he knew it to be pending. Still it was
not the only, or the most material, appeal to our
Government, to include his claims in the treaty
anangement, and to show this, he would refer to
another step taken on his behalf, prior to the sign-
ing of the treaty, and, as the document referred to.
will pi ove, by his express direction.
Undei date oí the 17th January, 1819, Mrs.
Meade writes from the city of Philadelphia to the
Secretary of State, as follows-
"I have the honor to hand you, enclosed, a state-
ment of the grounds of my husband's claims on
the Spanish Government, which will be followed
by a specific statement of the amount due him
from the said Government, showing the amount
due on libramientos now m his possession, on
contracts, and on damages, on bills received from
¡said Government, as well as his reclamation on
the scoie of the unjust imprisonment suffered by
him for two years
" The time allowed him to avail himself of the
opportunity by which I received this statement was
too short to enable him to make out a detail of his
claims, but thinking it important that some state-
ment should be immediately forwarded to you, he
hastily made out the enclosed, trusting that, m the
event of a speedy conclusion oí a tieaty between our
country and Spam, this document would serve as a
guide for that protection which his Government
may think pioper to grant him."
Enclosed m this letter was a very general, and
somewhat argumentative, statement of the claims of
Mr Meade upon Spain, and which, the letter shows,
was transmitted, by his wife, to the Secretary of
State, m contemplation of "a speedy conclusion of a
treaty between out country and Spat ;" "was sent by
him to her for the purpose of such transmission;
