Jan. 1838._____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.     _______________HI
■25 ih Coimg-"'2a,d Sess>.                       Belief of the heirs oj Ihchurd W. Meade—Mr. Wright.                                                 Senate.
was made by hira m haste because of the necessity
of the presentation, to the Department oí State, ol
some statement of his claims, before the signing of
the treaty, and was such a statement as, he trusted,
"would serve as a guide for that protection which this
Government might think -proper to grant him."
The treaty was speedily concluded, after the
transmission of this statement of Mr. Meade's
claims, it having been sigtied by the high contract-
ing parties on the 22d of February, 1819, but little
more than one month after the date of Mis. Meade's
letter, at Philadelphia. Surely, then, it would not
be contende 1 that our Government was not both
authorized and urged by Mr. Meade to make his
claims the subject of treaty arrangement, and of ar-
rangement under that identical treaty, or that there
was any thing in his authority and appeal different
irom that which must always be supposed to attend
the appeal of a citizen to his Government to protect
his. interests with a foreign powei. In his first let-
ter to the Secretary of State-, before íeferred to, he
says he is confident that, when a treaty shall be con-
cluded, ''provision wdl be madefoi the claims of our
citizens," thus expressly placing his claims upon the
same footing with those of all our other citizens,
who might have claims, of any charactei, against
the Spanish Government In Mrs Meade's letter,
just read, she says she trusts that the statement of
her husband's claims, enclosed by her in pursuance
of his direction, "woultl serve as a guide for that pro-
tection which this Government may think proper to
grant Ami." Could authority, or appeals, be more
bioad, more geneia!, or place the whole matter more
within the pon ti and discretion of this Government"?
It seemed to him not.
Did the treatv affect the c'aims of Mi Meade ,
against Spam, and if so, to what extent and m w nat |
manner'                                                                    ¡
He was well aware thai he had now leached the
■question, whether or not the treaty did, m tact,
embiace the claims of Mr. Meade, and did release
Spam fiom any furthei liability to him' This
question he did not propose to discuss, but to leave
that discussion to others, who had examined it
more deeply than he had, in case the debate should
call for it. He must say, however, that, were the
claims now rested upon this point alone, he be-
lieved it would be possible to sustain, and sustain
taumphanJy, the position that the claims of Mr.
Meade, as subsequently liquidated between him-
seli and the Spmish authorities, were not released
by the tieaty m queslion.
To pasa this point, ho«e\er, he would, tor the
sake of the argument meiel), assume that these
claims were embiaced by the piovisions or the
treaty, and were piovided lot under it, and w ould
look mío the treaty to detenmne whit ] revision
was made, and ho* it was to become available to
Mr Meade.
The treaty, among other things, contained a
cession of the Floridas irom Spam tj die United
States, established and defined the bounder) Le-
rween the United States and the Spanish posses-
sions m the Southwest, contained mu'ual r lea-cs
uf all claims to the teintory upon each M¿e of tins
defined boundaiv, and bound the United States, as
an equivalent lor the advantages m territory ne
were to acquire by the treaty, to pay the sum of
live millions of dollars This money was to be
paid, not to Spam, but to citizens of the United
¡states, who had Valid claims asainst the Spanish
Government The claims eml laced in the tuaty
aie enumeiatcl wan gieai poit culaaty and p>\,
c muii, and aie subdivided in'o five classe It is
nectary iieie to refei to but one ol those classes,
as it s admitted on a'l sides, that, if the claims ot
Mi. Meade come within the provisions of the
treaty, they aie brought there by the fifth classifi-
cation, wmch is m the following words:
Art li cintre o ' To ait thtms of citizen* of the Lmied
Slates upen the Spanish Government, sidteiums of «inch
soüuíins tite ittetfio^i ion of the Gnemtnent ol tito limited
Shti« have been )>rt.s( ntui to he Dipattm^nt ol St^te, ot to
the mtmstei of the Unite 1 ^ ausm isj am, since the date of tht
convention ol 180-', ana tmüi the sitrn ut ic of t^is tieaty "
Iu any event, the United States were to pay but
five millions ot du'lais, fi.d th-n were to pay (hat
to all the classes ot claimants named, accoidmg
to the same umfoim lule. That i ule was the ap-
pointment of a comrrrtesioii by our Government, to
consist of three persons , the commission was to
meet at Y/ashmgton, and, within three years from
toe time of its first meeting, to " receive, examine,
and decids upon the amount and valielity of all the
claims" piovided for under the treaty. By neces-
sary consequence, as the whole fund from which
payment was to be made was but five millions of
dollars, it the commissioners should find valid
claims to more than that amount, it would be their
duty to divide the five millions among the respec-
tive claimants, according to the amount of the
claim oí each, determined by them to be valid.
Nothing in the treaty gave one claimant, or any
one class of claimants, a preference over another,
either m the manner of satisfying the commission-
ers of the validity of their claims, or in the rates ol
payment.
Tnese were the provisions of the treaty. The
duty oi the Government, m case the treaty should
be ratified, was to institute the commission, com-
posed of honest and competent men, and to pay
the awards a^ the comnussioneis should make
them, m the mjiner pointed out m the tieaty
The duty of the commissioners was to sit, re-
ceive the claims, hear and examine the proofs pre-
setted by the i e^pective claimants, and, within the
per.od of three years allowed them by the treaty to
do the business, to decide honestly and impartially,
according to the proofs befoie them, and their best
judgment, upon the amount and validity ol each
claim.
The duty oí each claimant was to present his
claims, and support them by proper and sufficient
evidence
To preserve the ordei of time, it wuuld now bs
necessary to refer to the effor's of Mr Meade in
Spa i to adjust nib claims th°re, a=, notv íths'and-
n<j the signing of the 'reaty, on the 2Jd ot Feoruary,
li>19, and tn  knowledge el tPat lac on hi- part,
and of the provisions itcon'aued ir foAorot our
citizens who had claims agamsL the Spanish Go-
i eminent, his efforts were co'it uued to make his
own arrangement with the Span sh authoi mes a
very brief leference to his piogress an 1 the results,
will answer the present puipose.
On the 7ih of May, 1819* Mr Meade succeeded,
for the first time, in obtaining from the King of
Spam the appointment of a commission to examine
and liquidate h.s claims. This, it will be re-
marked, was nearly three months after the signing
of our treaty with Spain, in this city, and, ot
comse, after the knowledge of diat fact must have
reached Spam The commission ¡epoiied to the
Mmistei ot Finance ot Spain on the 30th ol Sep-
tember, 1ST). On the ¿2d ot October alie*, the
Minister oi Finance returned to them theu íepo.t
foi re-exammation The comi/ussi a. re liumed
their first íeport, and returned i* cga a to tht. Minis-
ter ol Finance on the loh of Ao erpoei, 1S1J
Thisawaid, so made, m íavoi ol Mi Meau_,b> a
special commibs jp, appo uted b\ the Spam n Go-
vernment, and i reafnimed by mat same cr uimi -
sion upon ie-evam nat'on, d'd not i cetvc uie íe-
quisite cenfu..iauon fiom tic fii"g ot bpain until
i>e )tn oí May, ls21, moi. than a te?r a ter the
appn m>iictiiOt tlie commission, neaii) tile hall of a
y ai <?liu the aw aid uf tue tomn.iss.on had been
not on v made to h s Mimstei of Finance, but ie-
eiaramed undej the older ol that minister, and le-
¿trrmed, and, what is not less mateital, about
ftliecii a onths after the signing of the treatv,
whicn, as the Spanish aulnontie , the King him'tit
beng included, aie said, subsequently, to ha e
contended, was to throw upon the Government oi
(he Urn ed States the satisfaction ol the identical
claiiis which were liquieiated by the awaul.
Another fact, drawn from Mr Meade s ow n state-
ment is mateual, which is, that tne confiimatioa
by the King of this awaid oí his own commission,
was accompanied by a direction that the amount
should "be paid out oí the funds of the Rojal
Titiance Department, with interest "
It now becomes mateual to state that the tieaty,
to which soficqucnt reference has been made, had
not yet received the ratification of either Gov em-
inent It was not, theRlor", bn iiug upon eu.ie.
Government, when the settlement bet wen Mi
Meade and the Spanish Government was peiieetsd,
ia the manner above related.   The írea'y, upo  its
face, and by its terms, referred to the claims of our
citizens against the Spanish Government, as they
existed at its date, 924. February, 1819, and not
as they might be made by arrangement be-
tween tne parties, after that negotiation was con-
summated between the two Government;  la the
treaty in question The treaty, being signed by the
negotiators, was transmitted to Spam, that it might
receive the ratification of that Government first, as
it had been formed and signed unde  the personal
and immediate observation of ours.
On the 24th of October, 1820, more than five
months after the King of Spam had confirmed the
award of the Spanish commission m faror ojf Mr.
Meade, and had directed the payment of Jiis de-
mands to be made "out of the funds of the Royal
Finance Department, with interest," the treaty in
question received the full and perfect ratification
of the Spanish Government, without any change
or modification whatsoever, which had the most
remote relation to this, or any other of the claims
of our citizens against that Government.
Anothei fact, most material to the investigation,
is tnat Mi. Meade left Spam for the United States
eitner m May, or eaily in June, 1820, withm a
month after the confirmation by the King of the
award m his favor, and some five months before
the ratification of the treaty by Spam. He did not,
therefore, remain in Spam to obtain the compensa-
tion awarded to him, although the award itself di-
recteet its payment "out of the funds of the Royal
Finance Department, with interest," but leftXor
nis naove land with the simple award in his pocket,
and that, too, before the Spanish authorities had,
by a ratificaaon of the treaty, made it binding
upo i that Government so as even to give him the
p ospect of indemm'y piesented by it.
It had been seen, however, that the treaty was
¡atified by Spain, some five months after Mr.
Meade left the countr,, and that it was thus made
ob'i^atoiy on that Gov eminent, provided it should
leceive a similar ratification, m its then existing
i< rm, by t iO United States It was returned to
this country to receive that íatification, and was by
the then President of the United States, Mr. Mon-
íoe, laid before the Senate, with hts recommenda-
tion that it should be ratifiea.
This presentation of the treaty to the Senate was
accompanied by a memorial from Mr. Meade, ad-
dressed to th  President, and dated 8th February,
1821, in which be labors to show that the treaty-
ought not to be so construed as to include his
claims , or that if it was, our Government ought
not to taiify it, and thus release Spam from his de-
mands, without assuming upon itself the obliga-
tion ot insitiit payment of the whole amount of the
a« aid of 'he Spa'usti commission in his favor,
lie entets into ?n i' aemeus and learned argument
to estib'ish these pos uons, but seeks, most meffec-
trall},io evtneate himselt irom the force of his
appeals to his country ioi protection, uhich have
been bclore  ead to tne Senate, and which fully
authors d a provision lor his claims among the
tieaty stipulations. When ihese appeals were
made, Mr. Meade had effected no settlement with
the Spanish Government. His claims were, then,
all d sputed, resisted, or delayed, and whether,
wuhoui the aid of tne authorities of his own coun-
try ne would obtam anything, was, to use the
mildest 'angaacre, matter ot great doubt evert to
hnn-elt In this condition his affairs remained
un'il alte' the sion¡ng of the tieaty, on the 22d of
Februau, 1&19
Si oitly after that time, however, the King oí
Spain manifested moie liberal dispositions towards
this j,rivateclaiman., and appointed a specialcom-
oi soion to adjust his claims. How far the exist-
ence ot the treaty, in its inchoate state, might have
piomotcd thie change of conduct on the part of the
Spanish authorities he would not v enture to say.
That the tieaty was made, and signed, and m
Spam, waiting the ratification of that Government
before the commission was appointed to settle the
accounts of Mr Meade, are facts apparent from
he papers That it was not i atified by Spam, un-
it aft r that settlement was final'y completed, is
penettly eeitain That the award in favor of Mr.
Mt at'e was, upon. iu. face, made payable -'out of
the funds of the Royal Fiaaace Department, with
