Feb. 1838,___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________           119
25th Cong""2nd Sess.                             Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Niles.                                                         Senate.
there is nothing in the bill, or any law of Congress,
that requires them to do so. Bat this distinction is
not created, by this bill: it has always existed since
the foundation of the Government. It existed pre-
vious to the late Bank of the United States, and was
inscribed on the face of the charter of that bank,
which made the notes of that institution legally re-
ceivable for the public dues, whilst the notes of
other banks weie not so receivable. That charter,
also, hke the substitute of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, conferíed en the bank the power of creating
two currencies, by determining what bank notes
should be receivable for the public, dues, and what
not. It would do for the bank to create two cur-
rencies, one for itself and the Government, and
another for the people : this was very proper.
I have already incidentally alluded to ihe very
extraordinary objection, that this bill con'ains the
seeds of a Treasury bank. After having proposed
a substitute for this bill which is on its face a Trea-
sury bank, it is a little surprising that an objection
like this should be urged with so much zeal and
pertinacity by the author of that very substitute.
But what foundation is there for this charge? What
approximation has this bill to a bank, either a
Treasury bank, or any other bank? What are the
essential functions of a bank? There ate three—
to receive deposites, to make loans and discounts,
and to issue bills of credit. Does the financial
system provided for in the bill contain either of
these essential functions of a bank? Not one of
them, and no features that have any approxima-
tion to either of those principies. The princi/al
argument to prove that this system is, or would
become, a bank, is the provision authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to draw on the receivers
general and other depositaries for the payment of
the public dues, in pursuance of legal appropria-
tions, or for transfer of the public funds Irom one
branch treasury to another. These drafts, it is
said, will form a currency. But is this a new
principle? Has it not always existed, and is it not
inseparable from every financial plan? Take it
away, and you have the strange anomaly oflaws
for collecting and placing money in the Treasury,
but no means of drawing it out, even to pay the
debts of the Government.
But tins bill contains ¿section designed expressly
to prevent these (U\ms be<nf, circulated even to the
extent lhi.v now are, or heieioiore have been. It
makes it the duty of the Secretary oi the Trea1-on-
to fix the time in which the drafts shall be presented
for payment, having regard to the distance.
And what else is relied upon to prove that this
system is a bank? Why, there are to be vaults
and safes for the security of the funds, and this is
the very machinery of a bank. What!-"-hall the
Government erect vaults, or provide safes! That
will be encroaching on the prerogatives of the
banks, and is conclusive evidence the Government
is turning banker!
It is further said that Pre? dent Jackson, in his
second message, recommended a Treasury bank,
founded on the revenue-sand credit of the Govern
ment; a plan which none of his friends approved,
and which he afterwards abandoned himself; and
yet that fact proves that this bill is a bank, although
it has not one of the features contained in that
plan. And we are also told that the Secretary ol
the Treasury, at the called session, suggested a
scheme for issuing Treasury notes on the credit of
the United States, and an assigned fund. But this
suggestion met with no favor, and had no principle
in common with this bill, and yet it is evidence that
the system recommended by the committee is a
bank, or will grow into one.
The old threadbare and bugbear story of Execu-
tive influence, is the last objection 1 will notice.
After what I have said of the substitute on this
point, I cannot spend my breath on this objection.
The comparison of the two systems, as respects
their bearing on the power and patronage of the
Executive, is like comparing the scratch of the
skin to a deadly and mortal wound. The increase
of patronage and power by the bill, is the addition
of four officers and a few clerks. Must not that
l>e truly alarming? There is no control over the
public funds given either to the President or Secre-
tary, more than they now have; and as to the re-
ceivers general and other depositaries, the bill ex-
pressly takes from them the dangerous power of
using and loaning the public revenues, which is
now possessed by the existing depositaries. But
the Senator from Virginia still insists that his
prophecy is fulfilling, as this bill confers on the
Executive greater patronage than that which passed
the Senate at the late session. But what was the
Senator's prediction? It was that a swarm of fifty
thousand receivers general, and other o/Ecers,
would spring from this measure, as he alleged was
the case in France, which would consume the sub-
stance of the people. He compared it to a mus-
tard seed, the smallest of all seeds; yet, when it
grew, extended its roofs through the soil, threw up
a large trunk with branches which overshadowed
the land, on which swarms of cormorants might
light and devour all the fruits of the earth. How
is this prophecy fulfilled? Why, the grain of mus-
tard seed has germinated ; it has thrown up a small
stem, with four small branches, and a few leaves—
four officers and a few clerks. This is the fulfil-
ment of the prediction ; this is the swarm of fifty
thousand receivers who were to harrass the people
and devour their substance. And yet the Senator
says this is not soaring on the wings of imagina-
tion, but is the language of truth and soberness.
Mr. President, I have now examined the substi-
tute and the bill, and endeavored to show that the
first would produce a dangerous connection between
the Government and the banking system injurious
to both, and instead of benefitting, would increase
the disorders of the currency. I have attempted
to prove that the plan proposed by the bill is prac
ticable, that bank agency is not necessary, and
that the public revenues, under that system, would
be safer than if deposited in banks.
I now propose to suggest some reasons why this
Government ought not to connect itself with the
banking system of the country in any form, either
Slate or National. This connection has been dis-
solved by the act of the banks. Shalt it be re-
stored in any form? This is the true issue here,
and before the country. To decide this important
question it is necessary not only to look at the pre-
sent condition of the banks, but we must go back
and see what they once were, and trace their
do ivn ward course. We must examine the princi-
ples ot the system, and see if they have not rapidly
deteriorated; and whether, if it is not radically
reformed, it is not speedily appi caching its final
catastrophe.
Sir, I understand the object perfectly well. I
know why it is that the bank party are so anxious
to connect this Government with the banking sys-
tem. It is to bnna to its aid the revenues, the
credit, the power, and the influence of this Govern-
ment, to sustain and uphold this system as it is,
with all its abuses, its corruptions, and fatal ten-
dencies and to prevent that íeform m the system
which the people desire and the best interests of
í'ia country demand.
My friend from New Hampshire (Mr. Hub-
bard v said he was friendly to the State banks, that
he had a large interest in them, and would be the
last man to do any thing to their injury. I am also
friendly to the banks now we have them, and have
some interest in them; and I will endeavor to show
my friendship for them in the way that has always
been regarded as the highest evidence of a true
friend—by calling attention to their abuses, by
pointing out the defects in the principles of the
system, its rapid degeneracy; and by warning the
public that, unless it is speedily it formed and
brought back to its original principles, it cannot
go on much longer; that another and final explo-
sion will soon be experienced, which will spread
ruin and desolation over the country.
The present state of the banks is one of doubt
and uncertainty; no one knows what their real con-
dition is, or what change a single day may produce;
and, of course, little confidence can be placed in
them. Their statements of their affairs are entitled
to no reliance; they are often false Sights that only
tend to allure us on to the breakers. Alt we sea
or know of the banks is an outside view. We sea
their marble walls, which are often hke whitened
sepulchres—a fair outside, but within are filled
with  dead men's bones.    They are like the ox of
Prometheus, "a sleek, well-stuffed hide, filled with
all mannner of rubbish, goodly to look at, but con-
taining nothing to eat." In many of the States
they are now existing either without law or to op-
position to law. They have virtually thrown off
the authority of the Legislatures which created
them, and now form a sort of commonwealth, and
have assumed the power of governing themselves.
They are holding conventions, and forming combi-
nations, for their control and government. The
"Suffolk Alliance" at Boston is one of these com-
binations, intended to csntrol the whole of the
banks in the Eastern States. This was originally
a forced alliance by the Suffolk Bank, which com-
pelled the members of the association to pay tri-
bute to that bank, for which they are to be rertTu-
nerated by giving greater circulation to their notes,
and by some sort of guarantee, or additional secu-
rity, against loss on the bills of any of the banks of
the association which may fail er get embarrassed.
The object is to give greater security to the asso-
ciated banks; as their bills are required to be re-
deemed at the Suffolk Bank, that institution is ena-
bled to know when any one of the associated banks
is in a doubtful or ticklish situation, and can take
measures for the security of the banks of the asso-
ciation.
These associations are designed and calculated
to give to the banks the rights oí privileged creditors
in the case of the failure of any one of the number.
On the first evidence of the unsoundness of a bank,
its assets are to be pledged, in some form, for the
security of the associated banks; this, of course,
leaves the public exposed to greater hazard, and
would place the United States, either as a deposi-
tor or bill-holder, in the same situation. By the
operation of this system, the whole assets of a
broken bank may be swept away for the security of
other banks, and nothing be left for individuals or
. the Treasury of the United States.
During the recent failures of the banks at Bos-
ton, it has been stated that certain doubtful banks
have been required to give security, at sight, for its
bills belonging to the associated banks, which had
been received daring the day. They dared not
sleep upon them. Ought the Treasury of the
United States to be connected with a system like
this?
But other bank leagues are formed in other
parts of the Union. The most formidable is that
at Philadelphia, headed by the Pennsylvania Bank
of the United States. That institution, from its
immense capital, its almost unlimited credit at
home and abroad, and reinforced by twenty-six
millions of the resurrection notes of the defunct
Bank of the United States, possesses a power over
the monetary concerns of the country that is nearly
irresistible. It controls all the other banks in Phi-
ladelphia, and is now attempting, with the aid of
its alliance with the Bank of England, and com-
mand of British capital and credit, to make itself
the head and centre of tho entire banking system
in the United States, and to control the whole at its
pleasure.
It is authorized by its charier to establish bank
agencies, which is nearly equivalent to the power
it formerly possessed of establishing branches. It
has bought up the Merchants Bank in New Or-
leans and the Insurance Bank in Georgia, and the
officers and directors of these institutions are the
mere nominees of an alien corporation, which has
become the purchaser of them; and are much
more, under the control of Mr. Biddie's bank, or
rather Mr. Biddle himself, than the branches of the
parent bank were before the expiration of the
charter of the late Bank of the United Stales.
The Merchants Bank has a capital of two millions' 
all of which, except thirty-five thousand dollars, is
owned by Mr. Biddie's bank. The Merchants.
Bank has in its vaults about three hundred and
seventy thousand dollars in specie, and possesses
the bills of the other banks in New Orleans to the
amount of one million two hundred and twenty-two
thousand two hundred and thirty-five dollars, of
which one million seventy-eight thousand dollars
are against six banks, which exceeds their entire
amount of specie, and thus places them at the feet
of this branch of Mr. Biddie's bank, which can
stop them at any moment.    It has only  about
