Jan. Í838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1§&
25th Cong""2nd Sess.                  Pre-t
PRE-EMPTION TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Saturday, Jan 27, 1838.
The Senate took up, as the unfinished busi-
ness, the bill to grant the right of pre-emption to
sp'tlers on the public lands the question pending
bting on the amendment submitted yesterday by
Mr B4. YARD, requiring that this act shall be con-
strued in accordance with such rules as have been
prescribed by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, under the former pre-emption laws,
and are now m force
After some debate, the question was taken on
Mr. Bayard's amendment, and it was lost—yeas
13, nays 27, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Knight, Merrick, Prentiss, Rives,
Robbins, Ruggles, Southard, Swift, and Williams
—13
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown,
Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton, Grun-
dy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon,
Morns, Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Walker, White, Wright, and Young—27.
Mr. LINN offered an amendment requiring that
this act should not bs so construed as to deprive
those of the benefit oí pre emption who were in the
possession of certain fractions of land reserved from
s^les, in consequence of certain French and Spa-
nish grants then unsettled
In offering this amendment, Mr L. went into a
full explanation of the settlements made by persons
in a certain district m Missouri, who, he contend-
ed, were entitled to all the privileges of the pre-
emption lav s, vvhch, as the bill stood, might be
excluded
Mi CLAY of Alabama suggested that it would
probaoly be better to limit the amendment to Pal-
myra District, which Mr Linn assented to.
Mr. NICHOLAS made some few remarks,
which were understood to be, that there were a
number of like cases in Louisiana, which hung
like a mill stone around the State.
After some further debate, the amendment was
adopted
Mr LYON moved an amendment, requiring
that no pre emption claim, resting on certificates
heretofore issivd, but contested, should be affected
by this act till the certificate should be surrendered
by the ownei thereof
Mi CL \Y of Kentucky thought this amendment
w rong, as it would cover and protect eases of set-
tlement by agent and attorney—a deceptive mode
of obtaining pre-emption titles, which had been al-
leged to prevail to a great extent
After a few remarks by Mr CLAY of Alabama
against the amendment as nugatory, and by Mr.
LYON in favor, the amendment was rejected
Mr HUBBA.RD offered an amendment, ex-
empting from the operation of this act all lands
which had been offered at public «ale
This amendment, after being debated for some
time by Messrs ROBINSON, WALKER, MOR-
RIS and BAYARD, was finally withdrawn bj
Mr HUBBARD
Mr. MEtlRICK the.i offered the following
amendment
Insert after the word years, m the tenth
line, " Piovided, that the right of pre emption
granted by this act, or the act hereby revived, shall
not accrue to any other peisons than those who
were, on ihe 1st day oí December, 1837, citizens of
the United S ates, and such citizenship shall, in all
cases, be established by legal and competent testi-
monv, to the -atisfaction of the Register and Re-
ceiver of the land district m which the lands may
lie, prior to any entry theieif, by virtue of the pro-
visions of this act "
Mr. WALKER was entirely opposed to the
adoption of any such amendment. It not only ex-
cluded aliens that had been driven by oppression to
ssek a shelter among us, but would also prevent
those who voluntarily sought homes in the country
of their adoption It savoied too much of the old
alien and sedition law to meet his encouragement
He pointed to cases where the bounty of the Go-
vernment had been extended to -foreigners; and
nption to actual settlers—Mr. Norvell, Clay,
cited the case of the exiled Poles. He alluded,
also, to the number of fereigners that had so
warmly espoused the American cause at the time
of the Revolution, and had so freely shed their
blood in defence of her rights during the late war
with Great Britain.
Mr NORVELL said the Senator from Mary-
land seemed to suppose that this bill proposed to
give a bounty to the pre-emption settlers upon the
public lands    This was a mistake.   The bill gave
only a preference  to  actual settlers upon  these
lands     They were obliged to pay the Government
price for them     They were the pioneers of the
new States—the cultivators of the soil—the de-
fenders of the couniry against Indian aggression
It was to them, m a great degree, that the West
was indebted for its early advances in settlement,
cultivation, and civilised comfort   They had made
the wilderness   blossom   as the rose—the desert i
smile with gladness and joy    Was it proper to de-
nounce such men as heaitless trespassers, fraudu- I
lent speculators, robbers of the public lands, as they ¡
had been denounced by the Senator from Ken-
tucky' (Mr. Clay.)   It was these people that gave
value to the public domain, and brought into action
the early impulses for adventure and emigration
to the Western wilds, which, but for them, would
have made but slow progress towards the subduing
results of industry and enterprise.   The Senator
from Maryland had asked, whether we were to be
called on to bestow this bounty upon foreigners—
upon the foreign paupers from Europe'   Sir, if
foreign emigrants will come among us, clear our
lands, dram our marshes, and plant ths  soil with
wheat and corn, what possible objection could be
made to allowing them  thus to contribute to the
population and seaith of the country    Paving trie  [
Government price for the lands, it was impossible   i
that either foreign or domestic paupers could come
in for the benefit of these pre-emption laws    The
íears of the honorable Senator from foreign p? j-
pers were imaginary.   They were never able to ¡
purchase   lands;   they  were never   pre-emption |
claimants    The past pre-emption laws had never l
made the distinction now proposed by the Senator
from Maryland.    They had not restricted settle-
ments and purchases of this kind to citizens of the
United States     Congres  had, in his judgment, no
authority to prescribe the class of persons who
should become proprietors of lands in the States
It was for the States themselves to regulate this
matter.    He considered the proposition an attack
upon the new States     If the honorable  Senator
from  Maryland  did not choose to   allow   these   [
foreigners to come and settle on the soil of Mary-   ]
land, he begged him at least to sufter the people of '
Michigan to receive them.    They were among her
best and most useful inhabitants     They would not
take the trouble to come from Europe to purchase
and pay for lands, unless  they  meant to  become
permanent settlers and citizens, the parents of fu-
ture native Americans, identified with the sou, the  >
advantages,   the   penis,  and the  glories  of  the
country
Mr   CLAY of Alabama expressed his astonish-
ment at the motion ot the Senator from Maryland,
(Mr Meirick) to exclude foreigneis settled on tne
public lands from the right of pre-emption.   That ¡
honorable Senator, Mr C said, could not be aware
that his amendment, if adopted, would go to change
the whole policy of the Government heretofore to-
ward that unfortunate class of individuals    Tnat
policy, Mr   C   said, had commenced moie t' an l>
twenty vears ago.   In the vear 1817, Congress   |
passed a law setting apart four contiguous town-   ,
ships of land for the French emigiants, who had i
followed the foi tunes of Napoleon, and been driven '
from their own country by the la<t disastrous bat- ,
tie of that great chieftain    Carrying out in prac- 1
tice the theory that our  own free  country is the i
asylrm of the oppiessed of all otners, Congress, bv
the law alluded to, had authorized the grant of
those four townships to these unfortunate exiles, on
better terms than land was sold to our own citizens
that is, not only at the then minimum price, but on
a ciedit of fourteen years.
Again, on a more recent occasion, whan the li-
berties oí unhappy Poland had been cloven down
by the power of despotism, and main of ¡jer viafor-
Benton.                                          Senate.
túnate sons had sought a refuge m this only " land
of the free," Congress had granted thirty-six entire
sections of land to two hundred and thirty-five of
her exiles, on the payment of the minimum prase
in ten years.   Indeed, Mr. C. remarked, the Se-
nate had gone so far m this case, as well as he mv
collected, as to pass the bill last alluded to m SftsW*
form as to make the grant a pure donation; but &&*
House had very properly modified the bill, so as to
require the payment of the mimmnm within tea.
years.   Mr. C. said he was not disposed to put
foreigners on a better footing than native citizens,
but he was far from a disposition to exclude such
as were cultivators of the public lands, and had
thus given evidence of their intention to reside per-
manently amongst us, from the benefits common to
others,  especially when the laws of most of the
States allowed them  to become landholders.    He
was, he said, in favor of making our own country
emphatically what it professed to be—a refuge and
a home for the oppressed of all other countries—an
asylum for every foreigner who might be driven
into exile by the hand of tyranny.
Mr C. made other remarks against the adopt on
of the amendment offered by the Senator from Ma-
ryland, urging its rejection, and expressing the ear-
nest hope that Congress would not now depart
from the liberal and humane policy which had
heretofore characterized its legislation.
Mr. BENTON was entirely opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Maryland (Mr.
Merrick.) It proposed something new in our le-
gislation It proposed to make a distinction be-
tween aliens and citizens m the acquisition of pro-
perty. Pre-emption rights had been granted • ince
ihe formation of the Government, and no distinc-
tion, until nov>, had been proposed, between the
persons, or classes of persons, to whom they were
granted No law had vet excluded aliens from the
acquisition of a pre-emption right, and he was en-
tirely opposed to commencing a system of legisla-
tion which was to affect the property right  of the
aliens who came to our country to make it their
home Political rights rested on a different basis.
They involved the management of the Govern-
ment, and it was right that foreigners should un-
dergo the process of naturalization before they ac-
quired the right of sharing in the Government.
But the acquisition of property was another affair. It
vv "S a private and personal affair It involved no
nuestion but that of the subsistence, the support,
and the comfortable living of the alien and his
fam'ly Mr B. would be against the pimciple of
the proposed amendment in any case, but he was
particularly opposed to this case. Who were the
aliens whom it proposed to affect' Not tho^e who
are described as raupeis and criminals, infesting
the purlieus of the cities, but those who nad gone
to the remote new States, and to the remote parts
of those S'ates, and into the depths of the wilder-
ness, and there commenced the cultivation of the
earth These were the description of aliens to be
affected; and if the amendment was adopted, they
would be excluded from a pre-emption right in the
«oil they were cultivating, and made to wait until
they were naturalized.
The Senator from Maryland (Mr. Merrisk)
treats this as a case of bounty. He treats the pre-
emption right as a bounty from the Government,
and says that aliens have no right to this bounty.
But, is this correct' Is the pre-emption a bountj'
Far from it. In point of moaey, the pre-emptioner
pav* about as much as any other purchaser He
pavs the Government price, one dollar and twenty-
five cents, and the table of land sales proves that
nobodv pavs any more, or so little more that it is
nothing in a national point of view One dollar
ivventy-seven and a half cents per acre is the ave-
rage of all the sales for fifteen j ears. The twen-
ty millions of aces sold to speculators in the
5 ear 1836, all went at one dollar and twenty-five
cents per acre. The pre-emption then is not a
bounty, but a sale, and a sale for full pnce, and,
what is more, for solid money, for pre-empuoners
pay with gold and silver, and. not with bank cre-
dit . Numerous were the emigrants from Germany,
France, xieland, and other countries now m the
West, and especially m Missouri; and. b.9 (^Mr. B ^
