Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
25th Cong----2nd Sess.
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Buchanan, Young.
Senate.
bill will be but some two, or three, or four cents
per acie We differ very videly, sir, m our esti-
mate oí these advantages Nothing could be more
erroneous than any conclusions to be drawn, or
estimate « inch can be made, of these advantages,
from the document or average of sales to which the
honorable Senator has referred Sir, you have no
dau, you can have no data, from the very nature
of the transac* m, by which to form a correct esti-
mate of the pecuniary value of the advantages
granted by this bill. Much of your public land lb
of veiv great value. Mention has been made,
ovei and over again, m the course of this debate,
of a single tract, of some two hundred and ten
thousand acres, in the State of Indiana, to
which the Indian title has been but very re-
certly extinguished, and which is not yet even
surveyed, the piesent value of which is admitted
on all sides to be not less than twenty, and by
many said to range as high as fifty dollars per acre,
and this immensely valuable tract we know is
alrenly covered with these squatters, these actual
settlers, as they are called How much will be
the bountv granted by this bill to these persons, by
gi\ ing them the light of p e-emp' n in this land at
one dollu and a quaiU) per acie^ By allowing
them t ius to sci^e upon propcity purchased by the
common treasure oí the whole people, and appro-
priate it to their individual use at a merely nomi-
nal price, here is a difference of something more
than a few cents per acre, an excess above the esti-
mate of the honoiable Senator quite large enough
to tempt ?n Euiopean felon, when authorized by
law to do so, to endeavor to snatch it irom the
hands of the poor American citizen This is
now already occupied by the squatters, but
other -un lar tracts, holding out lures no less
tempting, v id from time to time be found,
and instances of no le'.s flagrant injustice will
irom time to time occur, it this policy is to
go on. And why shou'd the alien and the stranger,
people who know us not and care not for us, be
allowed the prrulege of seizing such prizes, and
wresting them from our own meritorious and en-
terprising, ar d, if j ou please, poor citizens' Sir,
the average of salts does not show, cannot show,
the value ot the lands giantsd away by this bill.
Pre-empt 'Hi laws would seem to be the cause, and
shouU i ot, Hi lefoie be urged as a consequence, of
the low aveiage of sales Tne most valuable
lands, the choice tracts—those which would com-
mand tú' inchest pi ice if brought íairly and equally
into the maiket, aid thus swell the general ave-
nge—are all culled out, pre-occupied I y these
squatters, aliens, and others, and accounted for
in the sales only at the very minimum. The re-
fuse land, after these people have picked and
culled it all over, is alone left to be disposed of at
public sale No wonder, then, y our average should
be low
To suppose the average of sales wdi ich has been
refeircd to, is sufficient data upon which to esti-
mate the amount of bounty granted by tin  bd!,
w ould be to suppose there was no difference m
value between tne most fertile, the best wooded,
best watered, and most advantageously iocateá
trai s of country, such as «¡quatfeis will always
seize UDon, and those most destitute of these quali-
ties, vould be to suppose that all the public domain,
fertile and sterile, pranie and forest, mountain and
vallev, was of equal value Sir, the 'dea is erro-
neous, manifestly erroneous The benefits which
will ¡"temp bv this bill to tho^e who come within
lis provisions, are immense, and I desire to confine
thts  benefits to our own citizens. I make no spe-
cial oi pmiculat opposition to foreigneis by the
amendment odtre 1, that amendment only g es to
exclude peisons iiof nalmahzed from the bounty,
lame bourn), of the Government, which, I
repeat it, sir, if gianted at all, can be
granted, with coloi oí justice and light,
only to such citizens as may be settlers
on these lands Foreigners who may come
here, are left to the enjoyment of all
rights under pre-existing laws, and according to
the pie-evistmg policy of the counti v. They will
hav e the same right that I myself have, or the
people whom I in patt lepiesent on this floor, to
attend the sales ot Government laud, and store
purchase at open auction, or acquire by private
entry, lands liable to be taken in that way, m such
States as please to allow those who owe them no
allegiance by nature or otherwise, to become the
owners of the soil. The wisdom of that policy I
leave to the consideration of the States which has
adopted it, but I can never consent to bestow the
tne property of the people of Maryland, and of the
Union, as a bounty upon aliens.
The honorable Senator from Alabama, (Mr.
Clay,) has stated that the settled policy of the Go-
vernment heretofore has been m accordance with
the provisions of this bill, in. relation to alters,
and to pi ove this, has referred to some special
grants of public lands, to particular descriptions
of foreigners, made by Congress for special and
peculiar reasons, and does this prov e such to be
the general policy of the Government' To my
mmd, sir, it proves the \ erv reverse, special en-
actments are only necessary to take a case out of a
general rule, and such special enactment, such ex-
ception proves the rule, does not reverse it, sir'
This pslicy originated vvith the ict, now attempted
to be revived, of 1830, and so obvious was the pro-
priety and justice of excluding aliens ftom the b°-
nefit of the provisions of mat law, that even the
gentleman's own friends, the very officer to whom
was confided the administration of the law, doubted
and questioned, as well he migh', whether tnese
people were embraced within its spirit, nhethei
Congress could possibly have intended to extend its
provisions to aliens He, sir, questioned, and well
questioned, whether such could be the true in-
tention of Congress, and so strong were his doubts,
that they couid not be quieted wi'hout consulting
the lav officer of the Government the Attorney
General. The opm^on of tms la^t-rnentioned ofi-
cial personage I now ho'd in my hand, s It is
unnecessary to read it but the conclu^w to v h ch
he comes is, that aliens, not being e\cluded m
terms, and the words of the law being general,
all persons, aliens as wed as citizens, must be
admitted to all the advantages granted by it. It is
plain, then, it has not been heretofore considered
the settled policy of the Government to grant the
public domain as a gratuity to intruders from ft-
reign countries Strange, indeed, in the present
condition of this country, would be such a po-
licy, and still more strange would it be if
the Senate now reject the amendment made, un-
der cansideia'ion. It is tune to check this evil,
it is pregnant with danger, it is piegnant with
wrong and injustice I trust, sir, the Sena.e will
not refuse to adopt the amendment, but that bv in-
grafting it upon the bill, w hich it is easv to foresee
will pass this bodv in some «¡hape, thev wdl
prove to the country that oai own citizens whose
property we are disposing of, are -u I deemed wor-
thy of apieierence, in the distrib it ui, o,er stran-
gers and aliens
Mr BUCHAXAN of Penn<=v'.ana and Mi
BENTON" of Missouri, having each iriut some
lurther remarks in oppos.t tn io Air Mfirick's
amendmert, he again rose and said
I desire, Mr President, to make a single remark
in íeplv to the honorable Senaior from Pennsv ]> a-
nia, (Mr Blchanan ) That Senator ,n announc-
ing briefly his opposition to the amendment beioie
the Senate, remarked that theie seemed to be an
extraordinary spirit of opposition to foieigners,
manifesting itsell m the country I think, on the
contiary, there is a morbi 1 afiection mamtested
here and elsewhere foi foreigners and aliens The
Senator observ ed, Mr President, he migh' oe al-
lowed to be somewhat sensitive upon such a sub-
ject, as he was himself the son ot a foreignei, who
was afterwards naturalized Sir, allow me to tell
the Senatorm this tespect we aie abke, I too, sir,
am the son ot a foreigner, who became a natural-
ized citizen, and yet, sir, I love rav own nat.ve
country, and mv own fellow-citizens, better man
foreigners. I have been thanked too, sir, by the
honorable Senator over the way (Mr. Benton) foi
introducing the amendment, and the intimation
was that I, and those who act with me, were to be
held to account some where tor the course we aie
now pursuing On my soul, sir, the Senator is
heartily welcome to all the advantages he can
gam by (he am.endm.eiu I ha\ e had the honor to
snbmit. I have discharged my duty, sir, to the
peop e of Maryland, who sent me here, and the
people of the Union, all of whom have a common
interest with usm this question, by presenting the
amendment and I am ready and willing at any,
and all times, to meet all the consequences, and alt
the responsibility, of going for my own country,
and my own fellow-citizens, native and naturalised,
against all aliens.
Mr. YOUNG said, I hope, Mr. President, that
the honorable Senator from Maryland, (Mr. Mer-
/ick,) does not intend to engraft upon this bill the
"Native American System." If so, I must enter
my protest against any such amendment. I very
much regret, sir, that the remarks of the honorable
Senator had not been made sometime ago, when a
certain bill was passed through this and the other
body, granting a "bounty" of one township of land
to the -'refugee Poles," on the waters of Rock
river, ¡n Illinois, with the privilege of locating up-
on the improvements of our settlers, and ten years'
credit in. which to make payment, at the minimum
price of the Government Sir, much injustice and
oppression has grown out or tn s grant, as the docu-
ments now ¡n the hands of the land committee,
with other evidences ¡a my po-ses-ion entitled to
the highest credit, will amply shov My informa-
tion is, Mr. President, that the Baron Klop.skt,
agent fot the "Polish exile*,'' went ppon the lands
bordering on Rock nv«r, one ot the ¡aires' p rnons
of our State, for the purpose of selecting and lo-
cating his tws townships oí land, that he found
many people already semed there upon the public
lands, with the view of making that section of
countiy the permanent abiding place ftr them-
selves and tneir families. Many had already
erected houses, and enclosed and improved hand-
some little farms, wuh the intention of purchasing
the land from the Government whenever it should
De Drought into market. He finds tnem thus situ-
ated 1 hey extend io him the r gl ts of hosp-talttv,
never withheld by lv' s mer tonous cla*s of peop'e
from the poorest wayfaring man who may happen
to find his nay into their country. But for tins
' distinguished foreigner," and his companions in
exile, all their sympathies were enlisted, and from
him nothing in the way of the most generous and
liberal hospitality was withheld. They feast him
upon the best their humble cabins afford; they go
with him, and show him the country; and manifest,
in advance, their willingness to receive his coun-
trymen on the most intimate footing of friends ar>d
neighbors He thanks them for their hospitality,
and to quiet the most remote apprehens on of any
"Tention on his part to encr *en upon tneir settle-
ment- he a-sure= tn m a a,n and aga n, that he
wi'l respect their improvements, and that he will
not jn'eiier" with th^ir hame- They beLeve him,
and are satisfied
Welt, su, tne next thing our huii<°st, confiding
c tizt s hear tiom this ' distinguished foreigner,"
he has made his locations, and m \io„ tion of all
his pledges and assurances, made under the most
solemn garb of friendship, he takes every improve-
ment m that section of the country', and the people,
sii, have apphsd to Congre-s for relief. And vet
sir, >he honorable Senator from Maryland (Mr
Merrick) savs he would voteagam and again ior
«uch. donations, bounties oi w' a'ev er gentlemen
are pleased to call them. Thus is it, Mr. Presi-
dent, and I am sorry it is so, that whenever an ap-
peal is made in behalf of pool joreigt ers,' or the
' poor Indians,' all the sympathies of certain gen-
tlemen are excited to the utmost, and th*\ are
willing to vote again and again lor donations,
bounties or anv thing else, to re! eve then unfortu-
nate condition, but when the chilis of our "own
poor cit>7ca«" upon vour holders are presented,
ail the r sv mpathy is gone, and they are denounced
as a "lawlessset of hearth ss,reck'tss speculator "
Yes, sir, it has been emphaticalh said by an honoia-
ble Senator, (Mr. Clai of K) } Uat they miDht as
well ""«ize upon your torts and arsenals, your
ships upon the oeean.'or plunder the money in \ our
Treasury, as thus to "seize upon the public lands,
and appropriate them to their use, xa violat'on oí
Saw and against the just rights ol the nat on ""
Sir, the honoiable Senator much mistakes the cha-
racter oí this people.   There w a°lj ¡Mr  Pre -
