132
APPENDIX TO "THE COMgMESSIONAL GLOBE.
t>%«^.*
Jan. mt
25m Coso----2nd Sfss.
Pre-emption io ttetwl irtferx—Mi. Buchanan, Cfay.
Senate,
dent, a more peaceable, oulerly, indublnous, hos-
pitable people to be iound in any country But,
sir, the object ot th s amendment of the honorable
Senator from Maryland (Mr. Mereick) is to ex-
clude foreigners not naturalized from the advan-
tages held out by this bill to native citizens, and to
such as hare been naturalized. I, sir, can never
consent to this distinction. By the constitution and
laws of Illinois, the State of my adoption, foreign-
ers may vote, they may be elected to offices of iht
most important character, and are made capable
of pui chasing, holding, enjoying, and again
tratisteiring, rea1 estate, by will or otherwise
Yes, Mi President, I have seen a foreignei, not
naturalised, a member of our State Legislature, en-
joying all the privileges of a native citizen. Many
of them are my acquaintances and fuends, and I
cannot vote against them. I hope, therefore, Mr.
Prebident, thai the amendment may not b« adopted.
Mr CLVY of Kentucky wished the Senate
would go for the interests of the whole Union, as a
people, and not so exclusively foi ths new States
This domain «as the public pioperly—the property
of the whole people oí the United States, and he
thanked the Senator fiom Maryland tor introduc-
ing a proposition foi confei ring the bounty oí the
Government to our own race, instead eil holding
out a geneial invitation to all the pauper  of all the
European Governments to come heie, and com-
pele with our own honest poor.
Mr BUCHANAN said that it was not his in-
tention to go into any detailed argument upon the
question before the Senate He would merely
state, in gcneial term*, the reasons why he should
vote lor the bill This he would do, not for the
purpose of convincing others, but of placing him-
self in the po&ition which he clesued to occupy.
It had l.ten repeated over and over again in the
course ot this debate, that the bill befoie the Senate
would conlei a bounty upon the actual settlers on
the public lands, at the expense of the people ol ihe
United Stales. He denied that it would produce
any such effect. These settlers would be compelled
to pay the minimum price of one dollai and twentj -
five cents per acre lor their land Could the Go-
rernment now obtain more loi it at public am turn
had it remained oust ttled? L< t the historj ol the pist
answer this qui si ion From the first nlJanu.tr},
18„U, until the pi< suit day, averaging all tin land
sales which had bc.cn made, the result was that vie
had received two, three, lour, five, or at the most,
s>a cents per aere more than what the settlers would
be obligad to pay under this bill. Senators had
difieied in then statements upon this subject, bul
none ol them had contended thai the average price
upon the whole sales exceeded one dollar and thirty-
one cents per acre The Commissioner of the Land
Office slates it to have been one dollar and twenty-
beven cents and mix-twentieths The question
then was, whether for the prospect, and a hopeless
one it was, of obtaining six cents per acre more at
public aui tu n, we should attempt to etpd the si t-
tleis irom their lands, and thus, by depriving them
of a home, millet ihe greatest misery and distress
npon themselves and their families'!
Mr B said that our past expei ¡ence ought
to have taught us, that this was a question in
which the Government had but little, if any, pecu-
niary interest. It was a question between the ac-
tual *ettli rs on the one side, and the organized
bands of speculators ninth a'tended the land salts
on the other It w as notorious—it had often been
established on this flocr—that these speculators,
acting in concert, had prevented bidding above
the minimum price, and had purchased our mo_t
valuable 'anils at a dollar and a quarter per acn.
If the setileis should not obtain these ¡aids at this
price, the speculators would This was the alin-
native Turn this question and argue it in what-
ever mode }ou might, still we come to the same
result It via-, a matter of indifference, so fir as
the Treasurj was concerned, whether }0U granted
these pre-emptions or not In either event, the
Government would neither be benefited nor in-
jured. Then he was called upon to decide between
the actual settler, who had spent his time and his
libor m cutting down the forest and preparing
himself a home jn the wilderness, and the he irt-
less speculator v, ho might be anxious to deprive
these Uaidy pioneers of the benefit of their toil,
and to purchase the land which they had improved
He could not hesitate upon this subject. Past oí 
pier i ence had rendered it certain that the United
States wi'l never receive more for their lamí than
a cent or two per acre above the minimum puce ;
and lor this inconsiderable dillerenee, he would not
turn off the men who have settled upon our p ibhc
lands, in order (hat thev might be monopolized at
the public sales by speculators Let the aotuil
settler have "the first cut," and sttflieient will te-
mam for the companies oí speculators who atten I
the public auctions. He had no doubt that in I oth
these modes of sale there had been Irniuls, bin he
should alwajs lean to that side which would pio-
tect the poor man m the possesion ol th  html
which he had lemlered valuable by ihe sweat ol
his brow, lathet than in favoi of those who had
come from a distance to pinchase turnout of house
and home.
Mr U. probabl} should not hive said a wonl
upon ihe subject, had it m t been for the amend-
ment vv huh hid heen otleied bv llieSeiiuoi Horn
Mini i ml, t Mi Mu nn k ) This «mi ndnuni pro-
posed tomiln in invidious distinction, wtiiili li ul
neverbeen madeheieiolnre in tun le nsl mon as am-i
foreigners who had scttlul upon the public I aids,
and hid not been naturalized ptioi to the lust d n
ol Dcccmbti last Whilst it grimed piii-emplioiis
in sueh tasts to oui own eit.i>eii-, il eveluded these
foreigners Why had ilns < hangi hi en proposed
mom seliled piilievi Hi had ohsi m d w ith rt-
giet, that attempts «tie now t \u nsively miking
thioughout th" Comilii, to etc in vviuit wis c ilkd
.1 nilive AmeiiiMti feeling -i un t those who li ul
come liom a loiu/n I uul to | in it ¡pile m Ihe bits
sings ul our luc Cons Hum n Sin li a It t ling u as
unjust—it was ungr.iti Mil In ihi d.iinist this ol
the Revolution, wh i 1 ,ul ,ts |si, ,¡ n, m iív¡Ihhi o h
baltleí, and achieving tin unit pi nth m i? J o-
reignor , us, sir, (mtii'iivrs ]ji uoull not iv\
lor he did not htliet, its)i our imlipt iiiknci. u tl
not hnve hem (published wilhinl Ihen aid, i ul
he would s.iv ihe stiiu^le would h in bun Ion i
and more doubtful vltu the lit volmioii.t ni,ia-
tion hatl Ik tn cm our.yed bv mil polii v I broil i-
out the long and blooily wars in luitpe w h
had billowed the Fient h Kvolutun, tins couiinv
had ever bt en an asylum loi tin oppttssidol all
nation* He tiuslcd that ill tin latt tlav, ihe C in-
gress of the United States win not about in r I i-
blish lor Ihe lust time, sutil an odious ilisi nt-
Hon as that propositi bttvveen one ol t hi uti/i tis,
who had settled upon the pnblu l.ui! , and Ins
neighbor who had ptii-aied iht saun touise undi i
the laith of your prt vitnis polio, unit ly bit, m t
that neighbor had notrts tied long t nough wiihm
the United States to hint Ik conn a n ilurnlized
citizen He was haiisell ¡he son of a n itniaii/tcl
foreigner, and pull ips ini^hi (it I ilns distinction
the more sen'-ihlv on ih it it t >uui Id waseia!
the veasantlniys had bttn dirmndid, ill it he
imglil record In vole .uainst t!i< piuiup'c pm-
posed b} ihe ..nn mime nt
MrCLAYolKv n) licit In Mr Hi jiimniIi-
ii}mg that ihe ,umil s, rih is «tie in inniorit} ol
cases limn 1 iisiilmg pt nn un ml} oi th  ] mils,
which the} had bt en hm d to claim, uul l> ho'd, by
speculator , for ihe purpc sc <i "tiiiii tin e btst
portions ot ihi public domain-, into Hi ¡hind-. Jit
maintained that thcie was ■ loss to ih Uovun-
mtnt by the pre-empt on sjstcin, —,>n I argüid that
the system was a iligi ml violatio l of th it equality
winch is justice, am! that it v ould piodm e-, and
was producing lanlcsruss and disonler in tho
domains
But the honorable S< ii dor it m I'cnnsjhant
lias llluded cnltuistit illy to lorrigners 1) t lie
mem to coinpaii tie i)e ka In, the Simo lis, il i
L.ili}eues, the Pn'asK s, wall ihi hoidc oí io
reign paup-rs tí, it aie c< nsiai.ll} lio ding oui
shores' There were o h'r 'meigneis wno m ng'td
in our Revolutionaiy siruggl  but on lu< oiner
tide, the Hessians,—and < an the} bt t jmpaied
with those gallant men who carn< heie to aid in the
cause ot ¿.tiugglmg lirjerty? He tnoujht this Go-
vernment had been q .ale as Huera in its policy to-
wards foreigners, as wai  propti or desirable and
no ¡senator wot Id vole sgaunithe. proposition ot the
Scnatoi fiom Maryland with more pleasure than
that with which he would vote for it.
Mi. BUCHANAN remarked, that after all which
hatl been said, or could be said, by the Senator from
Kentucky, one thing was olear, and that was, that
whether we granted the public lands to actual
settler-, or e\posed them to sale at auction, the
price which we received was about the same.
After all ihe violent denunciations of this measure
which he had heal J, ami the extravagant state-
ments which had been made, he was astonished to
find, from the official document read by the Sena-
tir Irom Mississippi, (Mr. Walker,) that compa-
nt velv -o small a p irtion of the public lands had
bt iti sold to p-e emptioners. He had not investi-
gated the subject minutely,and therefore asked Mr.
W/n.ER to slate the number oi acres [Mr. W.
said tint the whole i.umber since July, 1820, was
,3,3*7,650 acres ]
Then, said Mr. B the result of the whole mat-
tei i«, that since that time not one twentieth of all
the public lands which had been sold was purchased
bv aclinl setileis at the minimum price; and we
iniy have possibly lost, according to the official
let ir is some two oi three cents per acre And
Ilns is the m "lit} mi tier in dispute In the hope
ihitue in iv lealue this paltry difference, we are
,ii>U't\ Io drive, the actual settlers from their homes,
in order that the otganised bands of speculators,
ol which we have heatd so much, may obtain (his
hud at (lie vciy same price. This was the ques-
tion and the only question.
Wise niul practical statesmen would study the
actual condition of the country, and never attempt
that which was, liom its nature, morally impossi-
ble. "We ought to yield with a good grace to cir-
cumsi mees which wc could not control In what
situation were we now pi iced"! A very great
nn nli-i of pi lions hid settled upon the public
Imt nut iht date of (he last prc-emplion law.
lln v bid gone then on the picsumption that}ou
un ild p'ut lliem upon the sime footing with
ihosi who had gone there bsfore them You had
b i uiis pin-iK.I ilns system, and you had passed
no 1 ivv which unhealed ,\ny intention of abandon-
in" it You had thus, to a certain extent, pledged
vmir I mh that you would respect the rights which
might be acquired in this manner. You were now
placed in a condition that you could not draw
back, even if you would In that part of Wiscon-
sin west of the Mississippi called Iowa, there were
now more than thirty thousand setileis on the
public lands. They had formed themselves into
counties and erected court-houses, and this Go-
vt mment had sent them judges They were now
a flomishing and prosp ious community, under
the protection of your laws. They had cleated
aw i) the forests, had erected farm houses and
birns, planted orchards, cultivated the land, and
were surrounded by all the necessaries and many
of Ihe conveniences of life Could you now expel
such in entire community liom their homes'! The
attempt would be vain It would cast disgrace
upon the Government After an unavailing effort,
it would be pbindoned. It mi"ht be persisted in
unlil i ivil commotion would be exc ted, and blood
won 1 he -'uní Al thit point it must end. The
iniir.il '' ist of the people of this couitry would be
rouse it pgainst ptocecding feather
11 is true that if the wh Ue power of the United
Hntr s were exerted lor sueh a purpose, we might
cltMioy this happy community, and drive them
liom ttnir homes, but it would never thus be ex
(rti d It is wise, therefore, to submit at once to a
inoi.il netissity which has been imposed upon
yd in eons, tpit nee of jour own conduct. It is
(rue dial you m <y lose a cení or two per acre on
int put ul lliel intl, but is such a lossvvoilh men-
tí ni i wb.fi copipm d either with the calamities
lid i istiie ^t u would inflict by a rigid adherence
lo ihe Idler of the law, or With the expense which
j ou would incur by sending an armed force into
that ec untry, m a vain attempt to enforce its pro-
visions'
Mr. B. had been asked by the Senator from Ken-
tucky if he would compare the hordes of foreign
paupers that are constantly flooding our shores
with the DeKalbs, the Steubena, the Lafayettes,
and the Pulaskts of the Revolution?   It was easy
