136____________          APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______      Jan. WM.
25th Cong —2nd Sess._______________Pre-etnption to aciual settlers—Mr. Bayard, Fulton.__________________________Senate.
plication to purchase could not readily be made to
them.
These circumstances, there can be no doubt, cre-
ated a new incentive to pass beyond the surveys
set down on the public domain, and trust to Con-
gress for a pre-emption light, such as had been
granted in previous instance'. The result of these
causes is, that settlements have become quite ex-
tensive, and the number of people very large. In
that part of Wisconsin which lies west ot the Mis-
sissippi there are supposed to be from thirty to fifty
thousand inhabitants. Over this region Congiess
has extended civil government, established courts
of law, and encouraged the building of villages
and towns, and yet the countiy has not been
biought into the market for  -ale, except it may be
small quantities for the sues of villages and towns
In other parts of Wisconsin a similar state of things
exists, especially on and near the bolder of Lake
Michigan, where numerous settlements have been
made and commercial towns erected, some ol them
already of consideiable importance, but where the
title to the land still remains m the Government.
Similar cases exist m Indiana, Illinois and Michi-
gan, and probably, also, in the Southwestern
States.
Now, said Mr. W. the practical question is,
what is to be done in these cases'! Wli it an  vu
to do with those settlers, their impiovements, and
the lands on which the) livel Is there any one
who would propose or desire that these lands should
bt put up at open auction, improvements and all,
and «old to ihe highest bidder, without an} legard
whatuerto the interest or protection of die set-
tlers1 For my pal t, I could propose no such thing,
nor by any means consent to any inch thin,;
Nor do I suppose that there could be such an
auction, and that othei persons could attend and
bid at it freely, and over-bid ihe actual settles tor
their own settlements and improvements, without
di-uurbanee and violation of the public peace Nm
would a dollai of money, in my judgment, be re
ali/edbv theTieasurybysuch a course ol proceed-
ing, beyond what would be received for the samt
lands under this law. As. to the general justice ol
the bill, its policy, or the d(/ree of indúlgeme
which it holds out to those viho have bet ome set-
tleis, it ought to be r< membeud—
1   That it applies unlj to ihoso who hiu now
airead) si tiled on tin public lands <\nd 1 an
quite willing to < oncnr uiih uiheis in cari) ing out
the recommendations ol the President's ine^s.i^t,
by adopting Mich m< amines as niaj he thought uisi
and icisiinable for trie lutuie, as shall pic vent ih
recurrence heieafter ol any necessity loi laws like
this
2   The bill makes no donation, or erattuty It
grants only api e-emptien right—a right of previous
purchase, at the price for whu h the greater part ol
the public landshasbcen, and now is, actually sold
3   It gives this right only to the extent ol one
quarter section—not more than a reasonable quan-
tity for a iarm, in the estimation of ihe mhahi-
t tnts of these new and vast region-.
4. It gives the light onl) to headsof familif s, or
householders, actually settled and icsidmg on die
tract.
And, m my opinion, it is much in favor of this
bill, that what it does grant, it grants (where ih<
requisite proof is made) at once and for ever,
without mischievous qualtficationst and condi-
tions mbsequent, such as foimed part oí the lull <ii
last year
It has been proposed to amend this bill, so as to
limit its benefits to native or uatural ?ed c tuens ol
the United States.
Although I have heretofore been disposed to
favor such a proposition, yet, on thp whole, I
I think it ought not to pass, because such a limita-
tion has been altogether unknown, ¡n om general
system of land sales, and to introduce it here,
where we are acting on rights already acquired,
would be both invidious and unjust
It hasbeen proposed, also, so to amend the biP
as to require that the settler, m addition to the dol-
lar and a quarter per acre, should pay one-half
the actual value ol the land above that sum, this
value to be ascertained by appraisers, appointed by
the Register of the Land Office.   I could not agree
to this amendment, -because, in the first place, we
have never adopted the principle of selling lands
on appraisement; but, secondly and mainly, be-
cause, if these settlers have had any ground or rea-
son to expect a pre-emption right from Congress,
(which is the substantial foundation of the bill,)
they had had, and now have, reason to expect it,
on the same terms on which it has been granted to
others.
Mr. President, that there may be some undeser-
v mg persons among these settlers, I do not doubt.
That the advantages of this bill may be enjoyed,
in some cases, by those who are not actual settkrs,
with honest, bona Jide purpose ot permanent resi-
dence, is very probable. But I believe the great
majority of ihe cases to which the lull will apply
«ill be such ¡is ought to be relieved I believe the
bill is the readiest way ol quieting these titles and
possesions, which',,!'10 public mtsiest requires
should, in some way, be quieted without further de-
lay Indeed, no uiui-e is pioposed, but cither to pass
(his bill, or to bring the lands at once to public auc-
tion, optn to the biddings ol all This lait course,
I am ptr<uaded, would result in no gain whatever
t« the Tieastirv, whilst it might be attended
with seuous inconveniences to the public, and
would be suie to throw whole neighborhoods, vil-
lases, and counties, into a state ol much excite-
ment, miieh perplexity, and much distress. Both
(or die guneial interests of the countiy, and tor the
interest and protection of the settler, I am of opi-
nion that the lull ought to pass
Mi I1AYARP «poke foi mine time against the
policy w Im h lilt f i k nds ol the bill dt sued to pursue,
to wit maiurinj; this busniiss ol pre-emption into
a system Thai many individuals had settled
liml imd< i a In lief that they weie legally entitled
In do so, he dul not doubt but that there were
otheis who had 'aki n possession with a view to
specnlati on the public domain, he had just as
lililí* doubt Mi I! thought tint most ot the
triuiK ha I hitln ilo gnmnout of floats, and he was
glid to sn> that the bill beloie them had been
guarded in that particular, and if there had been
aii) thing in it it pudiaiing the idea ot adopting the
sjstim as a uenei.il pohev, he might have been
inducid to v. e lor it As it was, howevei, he
was unwilling t> sanction the principle. Mr B
spnki > 1 tin iap.il manner in which the new States
had sprung up, and now that the) hail attained to
fin a presi m population, it wis no longer the
poluv ol i hi nitiiiii to drain the old States to en-
lai.ii tin new, whu h would ei-itamly In the effect
produce 1 it ihe pre-emption system win- made a
continuous measure By referring to the last cen-
sus, it would b( si en ih it whih the old States were
stitionary, or nearly so, the western States were
men asm/ at .1 ratio of eighty-hie pi r lent If the
indmements held out by the pre-emption system
weie continual, it would <li i.n the old Stales of
their agricultural population and advance the new
it the cxp< use ol ihe old
Mi I I'LTON Ingan bv expressing the reluc-
tance with whit h hi mingled ma proliaeted de-
bite tlitl ha I bum so hilly and ably sustained by
_'intli tnui on both sides of the question, but com-
iii,' as hi did ¡torn one of the new States which
was, perhap , more deepl) interested than any
other, lie ifH it his duty to say something on this
occasion Die írnosme beloie thim was of the
/realist impoit inci to the eiti/ens of the new
.Stall , bfidus' immbri of them wi re m ,i situa-
tion win ti they would have it in their power to
m.iki Ihernsekf mdepmlcnt if it became a law,
but who, it it did not pass, would be driven from
thi ir homis, rendered valuable by their enteiprise
and indu trj, md nijiind in their present and in-
tuí" prospects m a way that it was nieumb'iit on
Cmigrcs-, to prevent Those Senators who took a
dilkreiu vitw of the -tibject from him and his
friends, labored undei great misapprehensions,
wb ch he hie' hoped that the developments ol this
discuvion vuuld hay removed They did not,
he would undertake 'o say, understand the charac-
ters ol thi pre pie for whose benefit this bill was
darned, and in representing them as lawless
mt udeis, on the public domain, they did not re-
present them truly No, sir, said Mr. F. they
are a law-abiding  people, and  m all other  re-
spects except being found on the public lands
without a legal title, they conform as strictly
to the laws, and are as well ordered and in-
dustrious a community as the people of any
other portion of the Union. In truth it was
the hardships these people endured, the habits form-
ed and the spirit of adventure created, which had
given such, an enterprising charaoter to the citizens
of the West. And why is it, asked Mr. F. that
they resort to the publtc domain before obtaining a
legal title to if¡ It was because, in travelling with
their families to Ihe West, they had exhausted
their little means, and they were not able to make
an immediate purchase, and therefoie went beyond
the lands aheady m market, which they ltnew
would be entered and taken from them by spe-
culators so soon as they would improve them
It was to gam a little credit, perhaps, of a few
months, and to procure the means of complying
with the demands of the Government that they ware
induced to take possession ot the vacant unoccu-
pied spot, which they honestly and m good faith
intended by puichase to make their own, by giving
for it, when brought into market, the same price
at which the Government was able to sell all her
public lands. And what should be the policy of
the Government with respect to persons thus situ-
ated? Were they not our fellow-citizens'* And
shall we deny to them the poor privilege of mak-
ing an effort to better their condition, or stand cold-
ly by and see them ruined, and their wives and
children deprived of a home and a shelter'' Was
not the vast public domain the common property
of the people? Ought not all who desire to live by
cultivating the soil, to be encouraged to do so by the
Government? Were there not millions of acies ot
this common property lying idle, to which the Go-
vernment had a title, but which was valueless
while it was waste and uncultivated, and which
she could not have sold during oui lives, if it had
mil been penetrated and opened by those vei y set-
lien, who have gone into the wilderness and con-
verted it into nourishing settlements It was only
when waste land was improved that its hue value
could be known, and it was by settlement and tm-
piovement in tin  way that it was brought into no-
tice and estimation Was it, then,, just or reason-
able that ihe settler, whose labor had given value
to the land, should have to cope with combinations
of speculators, leagued together to keep down the
price of the public lands, and to enrich themselves
by pteying on the industrious cultivator? Ought
he not to have a preference in the purchase oí at
least one quarter section of land' It was only be-
cause ol these combinations at the public sales
that the lands of the Government, particularly
those m the improved distucts, were prevented
from bringing a vast deal more than the minimum
price. It was because, when the sales were ad-
vertised, and every means used by the Government
lo produce competition, and make the lands sell
for something like their value, that large numbers
of capitalists were m the habit of combining toge-
ther and keeping down the prices, and who, by
uniting together, and selecting one of their number
to bid alone, were enabled to purchase all the va-
luable lands offered at auction at a trifle over the
minimum price If these capitalists were not to
combine together, but were to enter into an honest
competition one with another, the lands would sell
for far higher prices than they did It was a fact
that sak v. had taken place, when the best of the lands
were bought up in this manner, and immediately
after the sale, these capitalists had an auction ol
their own, and bidding against each other, run the
very lands they had bought up at one dollar and a
quditei an acre, to ten and twentydollars, and then
divided amongst the company tbe money thus
made a"nd to which Ihe Government was fair-
ly entitled if the sale had been honestly
conducted These were the means by which
the Government had been defrauded, and not by
the means of the honest settler, who enhances the
value of the public domain, and assists in bringing
it into market. With such claims on the favor of
the Government, we present, said Mr F. this ho-
nest settler to your notice, and ask for him his lit-
tle improvement, of 160 acres, at the Government
price.   Bay that, under this system, a few pre-
