140                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                     Jan. 1838.
25th Cost,—2sn Scss.
national policy1? If a single individual, or even a
dozen of them, m Ioway or Wisconsin, should
manifest any hostility to the officers of the Govern-
ment, he asked ¡f this was a good and sufficient
reason for withholding th« benefits of this bill
from thousands of industrious and meritorious
claimants m all the other States and Ten none '
But the Senator had another objection lo this mea-
sure u was one of the unfortunate "experiments"
of the late Admimstiation. Now he apprehended
that this was the true source of all the gentleman's
objections, toi he was not aware that he had given
his support to any one measure ot that distinguish-
ed patriot and statesman, who had lately tilled the
Executive chan with so much honor to himself,
and ¿lory to his country But vmhiegard tonh.it
tho Senator had said, in íeletenee to the seulers m
Wisconsin, he would say a «out 01 two, and in
his turn ref'et to documentan evidence
The honorable delegate from that Terntoiy had
informed him, on the authority oí a gentleman of
respectability—who, peihaps now heard what he
was sajing—that a majority o! this population ha I
gone there under the sanction and ruthomj ot ,m
agent of the Government    There wi>s a / m- on
the statute book providing for a lease of the lead
mines belonging: to the United States, and, in pui-
suance of the provisions of this law, theasuit ot
the Government had, by an advtiii«enieiit in the
public newspa) us, invited persons in bid fot thuii,
aud it was in this maimei that the mass ot the set-
tlers m that eouiilij hid gone mu     In the very-
law to which the gentleman retened—the law to
prohibit mtiusjon on the public lam's, as he calls
it, and which was made as we.lt  to piotiet the
Government against djunants settling undci spu-
nous grants, and then by  naming advantage In
possession,   as  to Keep  intruders  o(l   the  Indian
lauds—this punisiou would he   found   ' That in
all cases where the  tract of land applnd toi  in-
cludes either a lead mine or sail spang, no pi i-   I
mission to work the «ame sjnll be granted without    I
the  appiobation   of  the President ot   the Uni ed    |
States, tcho  is heriby nulhoytzeil to cause <uuh mints    j
o)  spring* tn be  Uaittl Jar a term mil i m tiling tmtt    ,
yrais, anion sue/i rtmdiftuiu m he sliull think ;ir ,ir/ "    |
Now, under tins act, he  was   mli inn I   thit   i    ¡
vast m.iji   ity of  th'se penph who hid  s, ttl, I   n
Ioway, had ¿m   tie i    undi i  in nmtiii n  o|    in    I
agent  ol the Unite 1   S tus   and   n t< I  n   i   uM
not be tne 11\ 1    , in"udi >s th   s unm li   nkm-   I
tucky dt scribed   1'n m   .n In      It   tin I    wiir  no   ]
other ptisons m  that conten than those nfniid
to in the document quo'ed  In   the    s 'ti it >r irotn
Kentucky, his dciiuiicnuon might he piopei, bin
would it  be just  to  dipme all s'ttlirs  of their
homes and then improvement , b<i iinshidp may
have aited even as unworthils  a   had been upri-
sen ted?    Was it compatible with   my print ipie ol
justice to  deny  them what  odv r poihims ol   tin 
people of the United Sta'<s h id nrcnnl, 1  euise
some amongst them had not sht w n ,is mm h mild-
ness and doeililv as the  S'nitor from   K'litiukv
requited'    Oi e   S-nvu — thi S< n itoi liom   Dili-
ware, (Ml   Bu'ir,D) ot j < ted to   this me, sun   be-
cause he apprehendel thit it would (iron the old
States ol then pipulation, and pievent them I rom
filling up and maintaining their ascendancy m the
Union.
In the name of Ilea en (said Mi. (   ) how much
greater population than she no   his, tou'd hule
Delaware sustain1    Did  the honorable gentleman
suppose, that   by   preventing the   passage  of pn-
emption law , he could kfip lurk c inician   In m
the new Stated    No   as will muUt he attempt to
stop the waves of the oei m, or turn the current of   i
the Mississippi, and  bid it toil  bac < toils  mr-t,   ,
as to siy to the indiwiuu   pi'roí the ol I Slat's,    I
that though  fertile fi^ld , and  the  rich rewards ol    I
mdusti), invite \ou to the  West, von must stiy   I
at  home and  dm out  }<u>- m¡s in  boneless de-   |
pendence, in  order thu the old .Spates rrav not uo
excelled l-i  wealth  and  population b> lh   rising
States   of the   West     ISe   nei hei    the   Sen."oi
from   Delaware,   nor   the   Senator   from   Ken-
tui q, whose unnatural opposition to emulation,
had been so persevermgh dispityed o i that ¡lour,
neither of them, could slay this vast, this unceas-
ing current, which had been flowing into the great
Pn-tmption l<> actual settlers—Jfr.
valley of the Mississippi for mote than forty years.
He might brand them all as ienegade3, denounce
them as squatter* and outlaws, and still the tide of
emigiation would roll on.    But he would tell the
Senatoi of what description of men ihe settlers
whom he denounces, m such anmeasuied terms,
were rompoted.   They weie such  men  as nobly
and vietoiiously sustained their countiy's honor at
the batiks of the raer Raisin and the Thames;
men who fought and eomjuuedour savage enemy
at Enmektau, Enotoehopee, and Tehopeka, tit the
late war, and though last, not least, ilis men who,
j on the ever memorable eighth ot January, 1815,
under the immottal Jackson, finished that war with
Great Britain • in a h]a/e of unpeiishable gloiy."
Yes, sir, said  Mr   €   the population of the new
States and lVintones is  constituted ol such men
, as will be evu   readv   to   dclend  their country
i against even memv,  and every invadei.    But,
said Mi   O  neithei  do   these   people receive an)
I exliaonlitiaiv I ivoi by the passage of this bill, nor
l n lit (he t<ovi limit nt  lost   bv it     Vou  have,  said
I he, fully tiled the million sjmiih, and have not re-
I eeived nu •e bv it than undei  the svstem ol expen-
! ments whi, n (he Si mtor tunn Kentuthy deems so
' untoituniii      lh h id, on a former occasion, snth-
j iiiii'lv di in listi ii d  |mm doenmeiits on the files
ot the Si mi', tint the  Government  leceived no
| nioie, in pii poitmn,  Horn the sales of its lands in
oihei veirs, than m the periods when the pre-emp-
tion laws weie in opeialioti     The question, at last,
resolved itseli into this     Will i on, asked Ml. C.
sell to these nu n, whose   enteipiise  and persevc-
nnei h is fin n setlh nu at and < ullivation lo join
remolí si wilds, their homes and  impiovemeuts on
the same teinis, and no htttir, that you give them
to the spu til uois, oi will \ou allow  the specula-
tors to di \e thi in oil, and nap the (nuts  of their
mlnsttv*    This w as iln  tin* qui stum ptcsentul to
the Señan,and In   hoped  it   would be matiuoly
vvci hi I 1h ion ( iimu   toa decision.
Gentlemen s'lmii I let dkil, ¡>akI Mr (* when
fhev an waning a .mist ihe pin r sillín id thi
W< t, tl.iv o<, at lb' inn nm<, wailing against
tin p.oi< nh, „' r t ( tin od m tin oil ¡St.Hi s it
is to ii  i, it Wi i, lo tin ¡'¡en valky o| ihe Mis
si ppi, tut di ¡i 'i r 1 ihniiii^ in in, who has no
I in ! h t in t t!i hi oun, who is tin lessee, oi hire-
iin ' i s mi ii h pi ipueioi, oi vvaltliy I uidlortl,
h i lis with luí, i I r tin 1'iipioveinent of his eondi-
t i i I  ¡nisi Ii mi i ni ¡ilion* on the iHiupaiils of
tin \\'i I, andiim tin pun <l luid theie, and
vou op'i ii to tin pn jiidue o( Ihe liumblt culltva-
tot m tin "st ti'seist oi tin \lltshany For his
ouiipiiijiMi t; suil, hi was not only in iavur of
q un - tin pit mu iitileisol iln piihlit land the
ri'^lit ol pn -i inption, but he would be willing to
i vt ml tin favor oí ihe (tovt innii in so t,tf as to
^ if uxviri iiidusiiioiis |,ooi l.tniui ol the old
Stalts, vniu wa not a In i holdt I, tin oppoilunity
oi In i ij'um^ so, bv i Mi ihIjiij: to Inm ihi jinvde^i
of lal ii^ a liinikd i uantilv (i ¡uarter Motion) of
lh' pul I i in 1 ii < < i i inn in ) nu , on the con-
diti  o   of   I         it i        t ii   il,   itiipioviDrT   it,   and
oc  upe in    ii   i    a/In tut lui^ih of  time   to   give
e inn st   il bis i iti/tiiship
He knew ol no hi tier modi ol disponing of the
public'loin u i He would exam! this piiviltsrs
io the f iii/ens tu [)(1 iv ui, M Ls^aehtisetts, Oon-
iim ti< ol, ves, ir, lo Hit eiu/iiisoi all, all the old
Stairs Ut would oi ikt fv iv idler of the soil a
liet holdt r, and tn' n bv n ndtr Inm mine indepen-
dent and iis< ml t i his family and asacili/i n. Mr
(' Saul h< wa, vviM nj; to abolish the aue.ion sys-
K tn ,ii(o_'etiii i, '< r be hail seen enough oí the evils
oí Us Iraud- md eoiobitiaiions. He had shown
the way to avoid all those, evils and to establish a
h-ilti sy t n of pi] lality, which seemed to bi
suih a di idei„tum wdh the benator Jlotn JO u-
tucky                                                                       |
Thev w'lei'umt to lake the rjut Uioti on Ihe !
final pas'i^i if tin 'ill, «md he trusted that they
v oultl as un i xhtml the 'arne triumphant majority
tnitthijd 1 on Hi-question ilmpu  mint Let
it be "lit'o h < Un r Jlousf, wheic he looked
u Hh as muí h < i nfi '' nee as tin- Senator from Ken-
tucky d.il, a'.'l liowtvei they mifht receive it, or
w hatever might be us fate, the ínends oí the bill
Senate.
would at least hare the satisfaction of knowing
that they had done their duty.
Mr. HUBBARD said that it was perfectly true,
as the Senator from Kentucky had stated, that pre-
vious to 1830 no general pre-emption law had
been passed by Congress. It is no less true, that
during the existence of our Government particular
acts granting pre-emption rights to portions of the
public domain have repeatedly been passed by
Congress.
The Senator from Kentucky had denounced this
measure as an Administration "experiment," and
said that the friends of this Administration, with
an honorable exception, (alluding, he presumed, to
his friend, Mr. Roane, irom Virginia,) were the
advocates, the supporters, and the defenders of this
policy and oí this particular measure. The Sena-
tor has, m unmeasured terms, denounced what
he has been pleased to call the experiments of the
last and the present administration of the Govern-
ment. He has given his opinion of the effects
produced upon the industry of the country, and it
was fai from his (Mr. H's) purpose, at this hour
and on this occasion, to go into an examination of
the policy of the last and of the present Administra-
tions, or to contrast that policy with the policy of
the Administration which preceded them. He had
risen for the purpose of showing to the Senate the
rise, progress, and effect, of the pre-emption act of
1830, and of satisfying the honorable Senator him-
self that this pre-emption system was not, as had
been alleged, a party measure; that it was not an
"experiment" of the last Administration m the sense
the gentleman from Kentucky attaches to the term
"experiment." He was free to admit that the bill
was brought forward and was passed under the
administration oí General Jackson,- but while that
bill was pending in the House the debate never
assumed a party character, and the ultimate vote
upon its passage will show thai it was sustained
and opposed uninfluenced by political feeling.
He, with Ins fnend from Alabama, (Mr. Clay,)
w eie then members of the House of Representatives,
and he never should forget the impressions made
on his mind by the debates on that occasion upon
that pre-emption bill That measure could not but
be regarded as a direct innovation upon the land
sy stem, as it had long existed. It was introducing
an entire new principle touching the disposition of
the public domain. It was declaring to the Ame-
i ican people that the public lands might not only
be settled, but might be actually sold to the occu-
pant, without the agency of public auclions He
then regarded the measure, as he had ever since
regarded it, as an important change in the prac-
tice of the Government m relation to the mode of
possesion, and in the mode of acqrmmg a title to
the public lands. He then looked upon the mea-
sure as a measure of public policy, and if experi-
ence should approve it, he supposed that it w ould be-
come the settled policy of Ihe Government. Such
he believed was the prevailing sentiment at that
time in the House of Repre entatives The
measure was most powerfully and efficient-
ly suppoited by the present Speaker of the
House of Representatives in Kentucky; it found,
also, a warm friend in Ihe present Governor :>f
Ohio, neither of whom could be called the friends
of the then Administration. The measure was
also supported by the present Speaker of the Sen-
ale oí Ken lucky—by the present Governor of Mas-
sachusetts-—by the then representative from the
city oí Boston—by the head of the American sys-
tem; and how far they were the supporters of
the administration oí General Jackson he
would leave for the Senator to decide The mea-
suie was opposed by the late Governor of
South C irohna, an efficient friend of the Adminis-
tration. The history of that measure will most con-
clusively show that it was no party measure. He
at that time, and on that occasion, was con-
vinced by the arguments of the friends of the bill
thit it ought to pass He gave to it his feeble
support He had never seen cause to regret it.
He believed, in his conscience, that it was a
measure founded in. justice and in rights—that
this occupation and settlement, this mode of
purchase, accomplished the great purpose which
was intended to be accomplished by the Govern-
