Jan. 1858.
APPENDÍX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l4t
25th Cong"--2nd Sess.
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
ment in the sale of the public domam It increases
the moral and physical power of the country.
Whether the Government immediately derived
the greatest possibls amount for the public lands,
by this mode of sale, was to him a matter of mi-
nor importance—a secondary consideration. That
these purchases and settlements, that these posses-
sions and improvements, greatly added to the
nation'? wealth, and increased the resources, of the
Republic, no one can doubt. He had voted for the
act of 1830, to grant pre-emption rights to settlers
on the public lands; and the bill now before the
Senate seeks but to revive that act, to grant pre-
emption rights to persons who had settled on the
public lands on or before the first day of Decem-
ber, 1837. On what ground is the bill opposed'
First, on the ground that the entries and occupa-
tions are in violation of public law; that individu-
als, without right, without authority, against the
moral sense of the community, have intruded upon
the public lands. He was perfectly aware that,
according to the strict letter of existing law, these
occupants of the public domain were in the posses-
sion of land rightfully belonging to the United
States, that at the time of making the entry, of
taking the possession, of commencing their im-
provements, these settlers had not the sanction of
law. This he freely admitted; but he could not
admit that these citizens were, from that fact, ob-
noxious to the charge of wilful intruders upon the
public domain.
He had, with some care, examined the several
acts of Congiess in relation to this subject, and, as
he had befoie remarked, he regarded the passage
of the pre-emption act of 1830 as the introduction
of a new principle, the commencement of a new
policy, with reference to the settlement and sale of
the public lands That act was much debated,
was fully considered, and, uninfluenced by any
party considerations, it passed the House of Re-
presentatives by a vote of 100 to 58. That act
was a virtual repeal, as far as it went, of the act of
Congress passed March 3, 1807, "to prevent settle-
ments being made on lands ceded to the United
States, until authorized by law." The letter, the
spirit, and the object, of the act of 1807, was to
pre lent intrusions upon the public domain, and,
when made, to provide for their prompt and effi-
cient removal Under the act of 1807, all occupa-
tion-; of the public land, unauthorized by law, were
expressly prohibited.
The act of 1807 was in full force on the 29th of
May, 1830, when the first general pre-emption law
was passed by Congress. But had its particular
provisions been enforced? Had the strong arm of
military power been employed to eject intruders, to
remove actual setters from the public lands' Not
so: the act of 1807 could not have been executed
without difficulty, and without danger. If it could
have been, why was it permitted to sleep? The
settlements upon the public lands had increased
under the Administration of the Government which
preceded that of General Jackson, and yet there
was no resort to arms, there was no calling forth
the militia to dave off these settlers who had thus
taken possession of portions of the public domain,
in violation of the law of 1807 The language
was not then to these occupants, " You are lawless
intruders, irespassers, and wrongdoers "So far from
this, the Administration looked on, and made no
movements to check the progi ess of these proceed-
ings Settlers were rapidly multiplying, and yet no
attempt was made to put in force the act of 1807.
The course pursued by those charged with the exe-
cution of the law wat. that of encouragement and
proteeuonto the pioneers of the West, to those who
had left their ancient homes, their early associa-
tions, their fuends and neighbors, to seek new
homes, and establish new relations, in the western
wilds, and in this nay, many industrious and wor-
thy cjtizens, from various sections of the Union,
had entered upon portions of the public lands, and
made great improvements under the eye of the Go-
vernment, without objection. Under these circum-
stances, and within the first session of Congress
under the late Administration, was the act of ihe
29th of May, 1830, pa>=ed, "granting pre-emption
rights to actual settlers upon the public lands " So
far from resorting to the provisions of the act of
1807, to eject from thr public lands the persons ac-
tually in the occupation, Congress passed the act of
1830, quieting these settlers m their possessions and
improvements, and granting to them m terms the
exclusive privilege of obtaining the title of the Go-
vernment to the land by lh m occupied, and suffi-
cient in quantity it make for them suitable farms.
Such were substantially the provisions of the act
of 1830, and it seemed to him that they weie in
direct conflict with the provisions of the act of
1807; and as far as the act of Congress of 1830
went, it could not but be regarded as a virtual re-
peal of the act of 1807. It distinctly, and, to his
mind, emphatically, declared that those who should
take possession of portions of the public lands for
actual settlement, for the praiseworthy object of
cultivation and of improvement, so far from being
driven off hereafter by military force, they should
be quieted and protected in their possessions The
act of 1830 breathes the spirit of peace and security
to the actual settler. It spoke the language of en-
couragement, and gave confidence and protection
to this class oí our community. The act of 1807
was a declaration of war against those who should
presume to enter upon and settle any portion of
the public lands, without the express authority of
law. It is utterly miDossible to reconcile these
two acts of Congress. The one is replete with dis-
couragement and menace- the other is full of hope,
encouragement and security to the bona fide settler.
He therefore, m voting for the bill of 1830, came
to the conclusion that the stern and rigid enactments
contained in the law of 1807 could not peaceably
be carriedimo effect. Anew polxy, on essentially
different principles, was embodied in the bill of
1830. The passage of that bill established what
he then considered was u be the future policy and
practice of the Gov ernmeu* And was he not r^ht
in coming to this conclusion' Had any member ot
the Senate ever known that a report had been had
to the authority of the act of 1307 at any time
since the passage of the act of 1830, to expel occu-
pants and settlers from the public lands' The his-
tory of the legislation of Congress since that period
fully confirmed him in the views he had expressed.
The Senator from Massachusetts bad remarked
that he should jote for this bill under existing
circumstances; that such were the number and
charactei of the settler , such were the extent Of
their improvements, that he should vote for the bi'l
now before the Senate At the -ame time the Se-
nator says that he would ghdly support any mea-
sure which would check these intrusions, and pre-
vent such pre-emp',on la^s hpieafter He «a 
glad to have the vote of the Senator fiom Massa-
chusetts for this particular bnl but does w t the
Senator perceive that the passage of e*ery pre-
emption bill goes to confirm the police, and sanc-
tion the practice, of ihe GoteinmeM, and, m all
probability, to lender sue i pie-emp* on acf- neces-
sary from lime to time, so Icng as this Gu\ernm°nt
should continue to be a landholder He would
find no difficult} in. * oLng for th - bi I w ere it now
for the fiist time piesented lo h s consideiation
He voted for 't on pime.p/e, and m accordance wi'h
■what he íegaided as non the policy of the Go-
vernmeiil, and niih h - oun con  jctions in re'atio i
to this who'e subject, he wouidmereh say that on
all fuluie and fit occasions, he shall be ready and
willing to give his vote for any an I loi ev u\ pre-
emption bill, for the protection and seem ilv oí those
citizens who had actually sell! d anlnnpo.eJ
portions of the public do nam, to m?ke f n them-
selves homes, and homes lor their fanrhe 
He would go as fai as any raai tj cam oat tm<
policy of the Government. He i s J not o dr \o < i
for the bill ot 1830, but he ha I vote1 <ns > oi ¡he
bill of 1834, coma'n ng sun l?r pr. si n-. aid s i
long as he wps h < icie 1 w di i -en i i O . gi s
he should nut witiih .d Ins lOte íio ^ -i ' 'I'lpi-
mg pre-emption nghts to innt t set 1 ts exit ihe
public lands The best evidence that he coul 1 oi-
fer to the Senate of a determined ¡nnov at on upon
the policy and practice of the Government which
existed in its earH h'Story, m relation to the occu-
pation and disposition of the public lands, was no'
only the act of li'30, but the repeated acis ol Con-
giess since 1S30 tarrying out the pie-emption
principle   In Jul;, 1S33? a bill was pass?4 Wind-
ing for another year all the benefits granted by the
pre-emption act of May, 1830, and extending the
principle of entry and occupation to fractional
sections of the public domain; and the law of
April, 1833, provided expressly, "that all actual
settlers, being house-keepers, upon the public lands,
shall have the right of pre-empticn to enter, within
six months after the passage of this act, notexceed-
mg the quantity of one, half quarter section, to in-
clude his or their improvements," and the act of
March, 1833, extended for another year the pre-
emption system to a'l persons who were prevented
from making their entries, in consequence of the
public surveys not having been made and returned,
oi where the land was not attached to any land
district, and the act of June, 1834, was a full re-
cognition of the pre-emption principle; and during
this period there is not to be found a single legisla-
tive enactment prohibiting the occupation of the
public lands, except such occupation should be
made in pursuance of some public sale. So far
from such be ng the fact—so far from any efforts
having been made to put m force the act of 1807—
the reiterated legislation of Congress had in-
vited, encouraged and protected, the very mode of
occupation and improvement which the bill now,
before the Senate seeks to ratify and confirm He
could not, then, agree with the honorable Senator
from Kentucky, that this class of occupants of the
public lands merited the character of lawless intru-
ders, trespassers, and wrong-doers. His own opi-
nion was, that these entries, occupations and im
provements, were m accordance with the general
policy of the Government, as manifested by the
act of the 29th of May, 1830. Upon what princi-
ple eould Congress now refuse to grant pre-emp-
tion rights to actual "bona fide" settlers upon the
public land*' Was there any resen ation made in
the act of li30' Was there any provision con-
tained in the act of 1834 that the pre-emption policy
should extend no further' nothing of the kind.
Upon what princip'e, then, he would repeat, can
Congress now refuse to giant to an equally merito-
rious class of citizens the same r ghts, immunities,
and privileges, which have been repeatedly granted
to others under like circumstances' He was
wholly unable to understand any good reason
which should have induced Congress, m 1830 and
1334, to grant pre-emption rights, and to withhold
the same rights in 1837. The act of 1830, general
in its provisions, declared most unequivocally the
pohev ot the Government. It was not to provide
at the time for a particular class of the community,
and to stop there, for the acts of 1832 and 1834,
in terms, contain the same general provisions.
Had not this, then, been intended as part of the
policv of the Government, most assuredly there
v ou'd have been inserted in one or the other of the
bi'ls an express proiison, 'imiting then operation
to ppi'icular classes of the community, and to
particular sect ons of country The people, then,
reljin? on the implied faith of the Government
that the same policy would be extended to them,
under similai circumstances, which was extended
to the settlers upon the public lands m 1830 and m
1334, have gone on to occupy and to cultivate por-
tions oí the public domain, and unless some rea-
so is i ow exist w hich did not before exist, the same
measure of justice should be meted out to them as
has. been meted out to others.
But it is sa d 'hat they are not bona fide settler ;
hat the occupauo . and improvement of the public
linds, which the bill ¡s intended to protect, have
b~en made b\ speculators and the hued agents of
speculators He uould not say that th.s might net
be t-ue to soiiie txtent, bn , as f<u rs he had
learned the character cf those who had ¡eft their
ancient homes tor new homes in fie "West, tiny
i 'ie the retiñí cjltua'i,>s of !'ie soil—the honest
.'ii' h rdi ye m my u tn-> i.oju'n—men ready
to de.en < the Republic in the day ol danger, and
n-epaicdto maintain themselves and families by
hones1 industry. This he believed to be the true
character of nmeteen-twentieths of those who had
lelt the granite hills of New England (or the rich
praines of the West. Suca was the known cha-
racter of these citizens for industry and sobriety,
that he believed no one had attempted to w. rest from
them their possessions and improvements by pur-
