142                             APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.                        Jan. 1838.
25th Co.ng.."2nd Sess.
chase at pubhc sale or by pnvate entry, and he
entertained no doubt that it the President pro-
claimed the lands now occupied by these settlers
for sale, the moral sense of the community, a
common leelmg, a genetai sentiment, would eflec-
tually pievent any purchases which would lead to
thtir disturbance And whence aus.es this ieuling,
this common sentiment? From the Iact that the
acts ot 1830 and 1834 encouraged this mode ol
settlement, and that every man's possession and
improvement is his own, and merit the piutixnou
ol the Government
The St ator from South Candína has asked,
how is this system to terminan' lie has said that,
lur aught he mío , it must lesult m the sturendei of
the public domain, that these pie-emption laws
will become the means of great speculation, and
that the tendency is to intuidme violence ami mice
to maintain the possession ot the public lands thus
acquired He (Mi H ) was trie to admit, and ho
would state to the Senator (torn South Oatolin.i,
that this system would continue so Ion  is the
United States continued to be a landholder Kit
he denied that the tJovtrnnn tit would, undei the
operation ot th s sys,em, ti'oess.mly miren It i this
public domain will  ut ,11 ,11V pi.  U pim 'Hie
Govt n mint hi 1 ¡ vu' t'n . ilu< ol in publu lands
lint \aim vu 1 I b nut beyond lilt \alm
the Government 1 on! 1 in 11 vpeet to íeali , and
he should be sit w to bilitvt ilia! this s\ stum Mould
become the ni« .ns I sne< uliu m, >r would mid to
introduce v lull nei ir lom The legitimate ten-
dency and ellect ol tin pu-imption systt in is u
afToid piolet tion and sn unt> to tlu honest iulu
upon the public binds—men who would not, it
they cmld, oppose tlu laws ot the land 11  11
who neul 110 suppml Horn ,111 armed I net, and 11 1
piotetton 110111 violent mi isuies They ri Iv with
entile contulinci fir piolcction and support on tin
foice of common leilnii ml public sentiment
The leading objut ol the Government has been,
from the eaily seltlement ol the eouiiln, not to dc-
live levenue liom  the  pobLc lauds, but,  by   ilu r
instrumentality, to mutest tin moial and physnui
power of the c mum   to mu II llu- li 1    tl p >,>ii 1
lion, to add to the public r< xmiu s, an ', t 1 in urn nt
the wealth ol the w In h mm 11      1 his b is I  t n th
policy ol the Goveinun nl in tin   dis|     inn  (I  tin
public domain  an1, 111 hi   ji'  muit   ih   in 111|-
tion system   dm illy   tent    toiuiu 1 1  ih   | >pa 1
tion  ol the  wnoie   minim, and m 1 iiii   out   ih s
policy
It Ian Is aie 1 nly toll       uipud  whth   mil bt
sold at auction, tin  |n„us   ot    ! tth mint mu t 1 e
slow.    11 1 hi  Go tiiiimiitsii ¡,st > dciiii a n ui ti
iiom the   sale  <1   the public, lands, 110 mun   Units
would ever be proclaimed lor sj,ell. m tin pre 11111 m
wants of the Government nquirul     }l*   rtjoittd
that an entirely  ditleunt police   had  ih timjiii lied
the couise ol the Goveiiiint ut fiom it> comment 1
menl     Beltevinp- then   as lie cons< mitiou K  ill I,
that the moni and pit'snal ]iowii   ilu  m 1I1I1   m'
population, ol   the (oui hy «i uld 11   nun nil V
lontiim  ¿ tl,( pn-u 'i    11 s\sum, he  h u1 1  .1
(01 the In'l m vv   1 e    K   he       iat , a   I <  h in vi ti I
I  1 sum ii I 1      in 1    II  an 1  I' ,1      Lelieviiiji Ih 1
the '   I Is an I elm ui     ol th s imtiMi ol the an -
mumiy u 11   ui   hi    in   Mm   In  «m dnotwjh
holdh s suppoil.    B1.1 \irij; thai  bj   dusiiudt  <i
sale toe Gin nu un ut wt u.ddern    ismn ii 11   1 n 1
from the public latins as 1 mn  puol 1   .uitiuis  In
must give to the bul bis mil, and w Ik in   ri am 111
occasion  houlilo rui,he.ius t 1 bathe snc.nl lb '
hind no man in exu ndim; to  hii   Inl >w 1 t/ui ,
under  like   c 1111111 1  m    ,  th     simL   mu uie    1
justir^
Mr WItlTCrei to aillii s tremen , I'll
rive Ml m a motion ol Mi HI VI ON' io a 1
p urn
Tipsinu, Jin  30, 1*3°                       1
The Senate lesunrd the consideration of Ilu 1 I
to grant pre-emption tight? to the settlers otitic
public lands     It having been read the th rd mn ,
and the question being on its passage—
Mr. WHITE addiessed  the   Scnat   at *oire
length in support of the bill, and
Mr. WALKER observed, that the Senator from
e-emplion to actual settlers—Mr. Walker, Hay.
[l Kentucky (Mr Gut) has. denounced the pic-erup-
I  tion system, as one of the experimenta oí the late
|, Administration upon die wslfare ol the country,
¡I  and he says it is caused by a coalition between the
new States and the mentis of the Administration
I  It is uue that ihe first general pie empuon law,
JI adopted foi many years, was in iS3t>, although laws
'   ot  asimilar chai ait 1, and much moto hbeial ami
extensive than this  m their piovisionts, and  em-
'|  biacmg thevauous distncts ¡01 which then enact- 1
menl was intended, have been passu!, as I have
heretofore shown, fiom. the inundation ol theUu-
1  vemment    But  is me claree heic, that the act ol
|.  1830, was an  Adiiniustiation t\peiinieut, that U
1  was earned bj the coalition, descube d by the ¡Se-
n elor  Irom Kentucky '    On looking at live Senal 
j   journals, (which  Mi    VVaiihi  hue it id,) 1 find
thit the pre-emption bill pissed the St nan, by the
viteof Sl>  Io 12, and   that nnny ol the  Senatois
hostile to the Admmtstiahon, including the  Sena-
tois liom  Vermont and M issulmsitis, voted lot  |
tlu   ineasttri     Did   Vtin.ont and  Massachusetts 1
entei into this coal 1,011 with the  ídmmistiation to
evpetmieu! upon the wellaie ot tht pto|h>    Tin
laits demoi stulcd   that  bi l'i   ilu   iliur'es of tin
S uatoi   In in hi uliu Kv  vuii   uileth   , loundless
1 In Nn.uci  110111 htntuiky sus  this iiiia-tiu   s
earned throuji tin ¡Miiati by Lvuutui uultiuue,
and that  the 1'tesnli nt   bis  tin si n in    undu   bis
I    feu     This is  strong liimiudgi  to bi   u id by any
>S nalor tow irds the body of whn h hi  is a mc mbci
The A nite 1« maili tin feet of tin  Pie .tdent of the
Unite el  Statts1    Does  the  "<t nalni   m an that (he
enliie Senate, mi Indine; himsili, n. buieiih the feet
el   ill!   Pusilt in, 01    de es he mi ill lo apply  the li-
me Iks In   tbe   friends ol  Mi    \'m   Huuni     If  so,
Ksoiii 1 I that niiinht 1, I 11 pel tin 1 li ti/i as equally
fioiindkss as tin   fine ii il  t i.iliiioii and  o\pitj-
uhnt b) whn h Ihe pii-cmplioii  ui ol   1 ^ 10   is h-
jiri'-ciite I as  haviiifi  b-e n  earn d      Put    sn, ihe
pie t iiiptu 11 of ihe   1'lih ol    hint,   Is'I,  ,111 ait
more   extern w than  tins, 1 inlu it 111    all tin  sam
pit visions, vv tli   the  a ' litiou ol  Ihe   ilouin,;  pn-
e input lis win 11 \v is tb it a< 1 t 1111   I'      11 ve is t li-
ne I Hi in Is J1  tin (t It lirilid siisK 11   al vvh t h tin
impeaclunt in 11 1 In!, lis mu voinl .1   iinsttnii
I 1 k 1 n, an I vein 11,   il 1 ut n   tb pi   1 il in let iliak,
I muhlsi) that ihe Hank tl Ilu   ll.iilt .1 M ik s bad
ilu  "-si 11 in  bun   tliitWu!     \itlhnwv   1   tin   mi 1-
un   lht n c íriiitlí    II vv.i   rt}<Hill_, lht  C tiuiiil-
te t t t   Pul die I an K t Í  th   s, ¡,,.(, u ¡n, h (oininit-
tt t  w 1   ct'iupo t' 11 f Poism .in, ( i . v t I f\t niut -
.1     M  111       Piimis     111,1   Mi hi is    ill hut lh 
1 i I t j punt (its 1 J   tin   \ limiiisii tiitiii      On It t km '
it lb • b. 11 tit joimnKol  1*1!  Il 1 uliu li i\li Wil h-  ,
1 1 li 11 n lured j 1 fin ' tin   I  II u..   in n s t 1 on
nu   il iv   vutbt nl     1 pi   11   ui  ,111 1 f  i.ihy   ¡) 1 sula  ]
ft 1 eiavs afttiiiai 1* with ill oppn 1I1 ui, tin   f-st ii.s-
toi   from   hi iiiurkv, (Mi    Ciai i.i   tin   journal
s|u e,   bung  pie  ui tn   /,«(/i   oritteio/      Whin   '
hi     'uin'ieif I ilu  Inn 1 ppo  mm nl   ilu   St naior !
In 111 hi nunk\ lo tin   mi 1 un   toe   '1 nuiiiit 1 il hv
h in   t"   itli tl   ,111 1 1I1 It     ib 1 '    \/bv (In1 In then
]   unit   In   I 1* il 1 \[ i t j til nl,  asm   now   < ills ¡I, to   I
I 1   in l b  bv hi    *l 11 ml , ¡i p il li 1 by   l t i llimitti * of   '
H h lllll     VI   1      I UK II  hi I ,   111 1   |         i (1   In    l  s,   i, ||,   ui
whit li liny in! Ilu liiijom , mil w Ih his silt nt
,u ¡in i ii ("> \V i ilu s iiUi mot un ¡Un oil-,
In ii ii hi th \ ii i i i i il t i \ t I í I. tu it
ilu S n lit i ÍK u h( huh ' \ b i I f in" w iP n ' to
t i h is. lht hi 11 t Í ihe HniiMi it in w t is in ii i u 1
li il \iuir i in > li tr t ' ihe Wt '' Whj, <l these
lib i i ■ x th St n it i 11 >in humility mo-
tion) I i«i| ss niiriiili is,—pliimli it istif tin pubiii
|)'i | TH - a irimnnl.i thosi tint won 11 sei/i (hi
])iib'ie hips, or su r s, or ,n ' nal why vva not ill
th. atinoiinced iii I*-}-}, whin tin ift a as pi id
vv Ilu ut opp isltion in tin Stiiitt to li„'tl/i and
tin lion aU lht se pi jet i 'in ' \nlil lib' inden'
nisi, ,i t ip h< ii lit i li in 'v ' Un I y | r >' 1 un s, th i ¡j
tin i *f I tie r houl 1 ot di ven i} 't it t li m tin j un- jj
1 e ! in Is, 1 hopi that the Si nalor tiomK'iiluekj will
li p upitted to lead the aimy which is to piilorm i
th' v oris of < xpuKion and desoía ion , that he vv UI
I ad the lorct s w h,i h are to dint from their homes
ai d consume the dwellings of theic huidy pionecis,
«host only rrnr.e is this that they desire to secure,
a uie Government price, the farms- they have sC-
I lected, and cleared, and cultivated, against the over-
Senate
bidding of capitalists and speculators. And whetx
the Senator from Kentucky unfurls his banner,
and calls for recruits for such a purpose, can he
obtain one, eren m the State of Kentucky, for a
service so odious and detestable?
Mr, CLAY of Kentucky said: Let the gentle-
man lead the ayes and noes on this journal, and
then say whether the majorities were composed of
friends of the Administration or not. The gentle-
man said that he was a member of the committee
v ho íeported this bill. True, he was; but he was
not awate of it when the bill passed. He was en-
gaged at his table, writing, the pre-emption bill
cime up, and a fnend of it said, "Clay is very
busy, say nothing about it, and it will pass without
his opposition," and m this way the bill got
thiotyh But in 1834, the evih ot this law began
to be seen, thousands of frauds and micpjities were
cdscoveied. There was the famous Chicago case
—an old lort that was taken up by a pre-emption
and was now divided into shares of $2,000 each,
the w hole tract bmng worth $2,000,000. There
were, he íepeated, numerous frauds, and he had
denounced, and would continue to denounce them.
He did vote lor the bill teported by the then
Senator liom Ohio, (Mr. Ewmg.) but on what
tiiotiiids did he vote for it' Was it to change the
pimciple of the tales1 No it was to put down
combinations, and guaid against violence as well
as con upturn We have been told, said Mr. C. of
the cvknt ol the evil, of the number of squatters
who have got on the public land, and the difficulty
nl removing them, and that therefore theie was a
necessity lor passing this law, to give them the
lands they have unjustly seized on Do we, said
Mi C live m a country of laws, or not? What
was the case undet the late Administration, whose
footsteps this Admit istration ptofesses to follow,
when a gallant and noble people ai rayed themselves
.li.unst the Union'! What was the language held
then' Was it said that the evil was so gicat that
it admitted oj no umuly1 No,su, the sup.emacy
olthelivvs of Coniirass must be preserved, let it
cost what it would Why the distinction now, m
favoi ol the se squatters'' Suppose, in the case of
the Blue k Hawk purchase, the President had is-
sued his proclamation, or caused ihe register of the
land olliee to give nonce that no person should go
on that pinchase, and if they did, that they should
be íemovtd by fence If that had been done, they
would not have had the^e ten thousand intruders on
tht si lands. How was it with that White House,
now so amply furnished—with that famous east
mom, and the Utile mm who occupied so small a
put of ii? Suppose a pre-tmptioner was to go
Ibfie and say,Mi Pi esident, this house is too large
loi von, I am an honest, industrious cultivator,
one ol ihe bone and-sinew men, and claim a pre-
emption to part ot this house Would he not have
as much right lo squat down there, as to squat
dow u on the public lands? When and where were
these enoioaehmcnts to cease? Would this bill be
the end of the system, or would they not be called
on, yeai alter year, until the best ol the public do-
m un passi d from their possession'
Mr W \LKl.n teplied, and concluded by say-
in,' The ¡sena'or from Kentucky (Mr Clay) h.s
told its thai, if this system of squatting is encou-
ii^ul, some trespasser may squat even in the
11 hile i/ouvi, and elaun a pie emption for it This
is not the liist time at this session that the Senator
(mm Ki ntucky has leferred to the White House
Il seems to h Hint his imagination until he has be-
eome fearful that some squatter will claim it by
pre-emption Sir, said Mr Wclkfii, I never
knew ol but one <:,jHa/ie  tn Ike Wlale Howe, 'who
cmld lr tiuly nllul an intruder there, and that
m is one who was placed theie in 1825, with the
aid of the Senate i liom Kentucky, against the will
of ¡he | eople
Mr CI AY of Kentucky said that he had been
at the While House once or twice lately, to see
what had become of the Democracy of the country,
a id he was sorry to say that he could find very few
ol them in it
Mr YODJSTG explained the circumstances in re-
lation to the Chicago or Beaubion pre-emption
Mr. DAVIS made some remarks in opposition,
to the bill,                                                         f
