Feb. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
•25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Protection oj ovr Frontiers—Mr. Pickens.
H. of Reps.
Mr. BENTON expressed his gratification at the
noble manner in which the characters and the
rights of the pre-emption settlers had been sus-
tained and vindicated in the eourse of this debate.
These meritorious citizens have been violently-
assailed, bat they have also been nobly defended.
Every odious and every infamous epithet has been
lavished upon them; but these epithets had been
repelled with the e ergy of truth and with the
fidelity of honor, and had fallen harmless on the
floor of the Senate. The number of the speakers,
the just ce of the cause, the truth of the case, and
the weight of the argument, were all on the side of
the settlers, and the vote which was just about to
be taken would, so far as the Senate was con-
cerned, confirm their rights and seal their vindica-
tion. Many Senators had stepped forward, some
from the old States as well as from the new ones,
to defend the pre-emption claimants; and he could
say to these Senators, judging from his own expe-
rience, that none ol them would ever have cause to
repent of their generous interference. These meri-
torious cultivators of the soil w ould never so act,
in peace or in war, as to make their defenders
blush ¡or defending them. He (Mr. B.) had been
long on the side of this valuable description of
citizens, long before he was a member of this body.
He could count near thirty years that he had
•voted on their side. He began his legislative
career m the year 1809, in the State of Tennessee,
and then gave his vote in favor of those occupants
on the French Broad and ¡Holston, of whom the
Senator Irom Tennessee (Mr. White) has so
justly and so feeLngly spoken. He began voting
on their side in that early period of his life, and m
that first jear of his legislative functions, and had
continued voting so ever since, and never had seen
cause to repent of vvnat he had done In his long
and intimate acquaintance with these hardy pio-
neers—this vanguard of the western population—
in his long acquaintance with, them, not only m
Tennessee, but all over the Great West, he had
found them to be the best of citizens; he had found
them to be brave, hospitable, patriotic, and indus-
trious, living upon their own labor, and that labor
the primeval occupation of man and the first com-
mand of God He had fonnd them raising re-
spectable families of sons an! of daughters,
fulfilling all their duties to society, loving hard
monev, paying the Government its price for its
land-., and paying, not in illusive and treacherous
paper, but in the solid metals, which never fail.
He had never repented his votes m favor of these
citizens, and he could assure other Senators who
had spoken in their favor, and all those who were
waiting to vote in their favor, that they would
never have cause to repent oí these votes and
speeches.
Mr B. rejoiced at the debate which had taken
place on this subject, and he looked forward with
pleasuie to another debate, on an analogous sub-
ject, which was soon to take place he spoke of
the Graduation bill, w Inch had been so long before
the country, and which was now upon the orders
of the day, and soon to come up under the most
favorable, auspices for decision. It had long been
before the Senate as a measure which concerned
the new States alone, but it is now to come up as a
measure necessary not only to them, but the Fede-
ral Government also, for the Federal Government
now needs the proceeds of those lands to supply
the emp'y Treasury, as much as the new States need
them for taxation, cultivation, and compact settle-
ments There are upwards of one hundred mil-
lions of aei es of these old surveyed lands offered in.
vain, for many years, at $1 25 per acre, but
which wou'd immediately sell at graduated puces
adapted to their real value. That bill will soon
come up, and is, in its nature, connected with the
pre-emption b'll, which formerly formed apart of
its provisions, and, like the pre-emption bill, is
essentially and directly a measure of justice to the
great agncultuial interest—that interest which does
so much for the country and the Government, and
which receives so little from the favor, or even
the justice, of legislation. Every interest m this
ccuntrv has been fostered and favoiod commerce
and manufactures have their protection, and even
banks have been petted to death, but agriculture,
the most useful of all, and the foundation of ad, has
not received justice, much less favor. The Pre-
emption bill, and the Graduation bill, are measures
of justice to the farmers, one of them to sell the
choice of the new lands to the cultivator of the
lands, the other to sell the old surveyed and refuse
lands for what they are worth. These are mea-
sures of justice, there is no gift, donation, or favor
in all this. It is value for value, it is sale, and not
charity, and the Government gets ¡he tc<t of the
bargain for it gets its price m the first «stance,
and aftei that, derives forever an annual income
in the shape of duties or taxes on the pioducts of
the land.
Mr B did not draw invidious comparisons be-
tween the different blanches of beneficial and pro-
ductive industry. Each branch had its merit, but
there we*e different degress of this merit, and this
difference had been acknowledged, and had been
acted upon by the wisdom and the justice of all na-
tions. Agriculture, which produces the means of
subsistence to min and to beast, is alwavs placed
m the first .degree, manufactures, which fashions
and prepares these m -ans for use, stands second,
and commerce, which exchanges the superfluities
of different nations, is third. Each has its mer J,
and should have its protection, and above all agri-
culture should be protec ted, tor, v ithout agricul-
ture, the elements of food and raiment themselves
must be deficient Agriculture is then entitled, m
the first degree, to the favor and piotection of the
legislative power, and the first demand which it
has to make is for the posesión oí the sod on just
and equitable ternts The wisdom and justice of
all nai.ons, ancient and modern, civil.zect and bar-
barian, republican and monarch cal, ha\e granted,
as ajieegijt, a portion o> the «oil to the equator
and this gift has ah avs been co istd red as a bene-
ficial transfer of the soil from the b-irr<m domin on
of the Goi ernmert, which made no u--e of it, to
the productive energies oi an mdn A ia' who v ouid
¿mmediatel} mak0 it avadab e for ti.e production
of crops, and tne payment of taxes. Tre United
States alone has departed from this pohev it sells
all, and it gives none1 The cultivators m?j well
complain of this policy, but they are not seeking lo
change it Tne agricultural interest is not asking
for donations of land, thev aie merely asking for
the privilege ot first purchase, at Government price,
in a small tract m the new lands, and for a reduc-
tion of price of the o'd lands to then realvalue. The
farmers then only ask to be exempted fiom the
competition of bank-faci'ity «peculators, wi*h
their bales of borrowed oapei monev, at the
sales of the new lands, and for the pnv liege of
purchasing the old land at then <*>otu-itvalue T. is
is what the agricultural tn'eiesi—t^e gieat landed
interest—requires, and this is what the time has ar-
rived for granting to them The time his airued
for beginning to do th m j'Ki e°, ai d t' n claims
now come ttruard vih pecnlii' and lmpiessne
titles to legard Alwats the true sipporteis of
their countrv, thev have been em nenth so m the
last eight months, when the gen^ia' failuie of the
banks, and the mabiMv of the merchants to pi}
the customs, have so greallv embarrassed the Go-
vernment, and weie so fullv b^i^ved, at one time,
would shut up the Treasurj entirely, put an e d
lo its pavments, paralvze even 1 i?nehof the pub-
lic service, and dissolve the -idmimstrat'on Du-
ring this portentous period, the agncultuial interest
has been the sheet anchor of tne Giveaiment,
and of the country. It has pa d thiee and a halt
millions of hard dollars in'o the Trea^urj, and it
has laised one hundíed millions of s rplus pro lec-
tions, to be sent to all foreign coartne-. to pa) t 1
the balances of commeic <>1 debt, to b i g 1 ome the
comforts and the hi'unes ot all e! n "s ar 1 t) le-
mforce our tottenng innks with -n ai'uii ml im
portation of twelv e tr tifien i i'imh • 1 pr \
s hei. And all th s v >st e\p i ,c\ei ab ve tit
home consumption The hmidrt, 1 in,I ioi s ot e\-
jwits aie ihe surplu—the mere stiperj utv of then
exuberant production—the excess which remains
on hand, over and above what is wanted at home,
after supply n g food, arel raimen* to a population
of f.fleen millions of souls, and s bastonee for
their mnumeiabl-1 fli cks d"d heids This is what
agriculture has done since the backs stopped pay-
ment in May last, and this is what it is ready to
do every year in all time to comej and all this
without distress meetings, without distress memo-
rials, and wi'hout distress deputations to Congress;
Without, in fact, asking any favor, but Caly the
justice of a pre-emption law and a graduation law.
This is what the farmers, the agriculturists, the
great landed interest now asks, and the rote which
we are about to give will quickly prove that the
Senate is ready to grant one branch of the demand,
and the forthcoming vote on the graduation bill
may soon show that it is ready to grant the other.
Mr. McKEAN said that because he was a mem-
ber of the committee that reported the bill of 1834,
it might be inferred that he was in favor of it. He
never had much feeling on the subject; but all the
members of the committee would bear him witness
that he was opposed to the bill, and he voted against
it He never was in favor of pre-emptions, and
was not now.
Mr PRENTISS said a few words in explana-
tion, out m too low a tone of voice to be distinctly
heard. He was undersood, however, to say, that
he consented to the necessity of the b'll of 1834,
because he understood tnat it would covei but a
few cases, but that he w as opposed to it
Mi. CLAY oí Alaoama remained, then, Mr.
President,, tne result of all this ¡s, tnat a minority of
the committee reported the bill which passed on
the 19th of June, 1830; and, according to the Sena-
tor from Kentucky, the bill must have been passed
by a mmm tty of the Senate, by the courtesy ef the
majority'
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said that they were
told at that tune (in 1834) that the bill would only
extend to a small number of settlers, who had not
had the benefit of the former law, that it would em-
brace a few cases only.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama replied, that the bill of
1831 was just as bread as t*>e presénteme. Like
the pre em, it covered ever} occupant of the pub-
lic doma n, wherever set'led Lis.e the present, it
revived the pie-emption law of 1830, and without
some of the restrictions this contained
The question was then taken, and the bill was
passed—yeas 30, ravs 18, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy,
Hubbard, Kiug, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton,
Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Rives, Robinson,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Walker, Webster, White, Williams, Wright ara
Young—30
KAYS—Messr, Bayard, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
mcky, Claiton, Cuttenden, Davis, McKean, Mer-
nck, Morns, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Robbms,
Smith of Indiana, S^uthail, Spence, Swift anel
Wall—le
The Senate then adjourned
REMARKS OF MR. PICKENS,
Of South Carolina,
in the Hmtse of Representatives, Febrtmry 20, 1838—
On  the  bill  introduced by  the Committee on
Foieign   R4at ons   to   protect   our   frontiers,
Canada, etc
Mr. P1CRXXS s-Md he had n^en m consequence
fo whit had ial en fiom the gentleman from Penn-
¡>3 Ivann, (Mi Biddle,) and from the gentle lan
torn Ksntiekj, (Mr Mfnipee ) who had just
taken his seat He deprecated ihe tenor of their
remarks The (list had said we ought to do " no-
tht! s mo e than our duty, and tha' dutv required
nothing of us in this case "' The laitcr gentleman
hp 1 said that th's act was ni^mg but .in act t 
s iv'am "loval power in Canpda " And is this
ihe language for us gravelv to hold to those powers
v t i wnom ve aie ?t peace, ai a to whom we are
i 'in 1 ill fjuh by the nuM solemn treaties.1 Mr.
P asked it our cit'^ens along the Xoithern frontier
had done nothing to violate dutv' Where are the
men levied, the amis transponed, and the general
pieparation at points for the invasion of foreign
soil1 What is the evidence we ha\e heard read to
us within the last few days irom letters transmitted
fiom our officers, stating that some three or four
hundied men, together with several hundred In-
dians, were now assembling m Michigan, near
