Mar. 1838._______        APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.         ___________m
25th Cong--'-2nd SesJ.                       Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Strange.                                                  Senate.
to collect arms and munitions oí war for the purpose of using
tliem in d. military * \peditnn within the territories of a foreign
Guvemment with whom we are at peace, he should not deem it
an " unreasmablesemtre" to authorize the taking possession
of and detaining them, if necessary to prevent their being used
in the compJet on oí the criminal latent, and especially where
the peace and th" honor of the nation may be concerned
It has been ^aid the power conferred would be hable to be
¿bused Ihis is true m all cases, and no moreso in this than
in iny o hu, and the officer abusing his trust is liable for da
mag s anl subject to indictment and punishment There is,
pei haps, less danger of an arbitrary abuse of power in Ithe
case for which this bill is more immediately designed, than
in many otner caress, for, in addition te those securities
which oitlinanly exist, the strong public sentiment which
exists on our northern fiontier will present a barrier
against any unjust or arbitrary abuse of power That great
excitement still prevails on that frontier is unquestionably
true, and that the feelings and sympathies of the people are
with what is called the patnoteause, is equally true, and under
thes-c circumstances,there is perhaps a greater probability of
inefficiency in the execution of the law, than, of an arbitrary
abuse of power, for in this country, more than any other, pub
lie sentiment 19 power Sir (said Mr T ) I am not sure,
but froii the tone of this debate, inj ustice may be done to the
citizens on that frontier I am not sure but the impression
may be made on some, that the feelings which pervade that
section of the country are anything but justifiable, that they
arc geneialiy disposed to encouiage measures that may lead to
a violation of our neutral relation?, and involve the peace of
thecjuntry If, so, gie<U injustice would be done them He
b htved no portion of the American people more cordially
ahueve the general policy of this Government, ef non mterfer
ence with the internal affairs of otner nation*, oí maintaining a
strict nentialit) with foieign poweis But that feeling, com
moi to \meri on citizens, of sympathy for the oppressed, of
those who may be & niggling for freedom, is deeply rooted m
ttvir hearts, and pi e\ ails wi h them as e'sewhere, and has
111 nifested 1 e'fon all occasions It is an American feeling,
tl e natural ¡rait of -rnr 0 mntry &tiiumphs m alike struggle,
and the e tabh hment of our free instituyóos It has its
origin m a natural abhorence to oppression m any quarter,
and map itnotic attachment and preference for the institutions
of wrcoutitiy anJ I thini the gentleman fiom South Carolina
(Mr Tegahf) mu-st ha^e m conceive! the feehnss of thp
people on tlia frontier, when he characterized them as ''stranse
and unnatmal ' Bit -. r, the "eueruus feehoe which has ge
nerallv pi emailed in thit q in^* er, ■ripndly to whatis dtn^miia
ted the p^tnot canc" but which sousht not to disturb the neu
tral relations f the Government or 10 compromit the peace of
tne cou"tn (v\ (h ji a very ew exceptions) has been changed
fro n \ n tthy to m Iigration for vvronss commuted —or rath
er hcwoiid^i) 1 idignatmn for the destruction of the lives and
p -opeity of o n ciuz^n^ vwthm our own water- and on our own
snoie has been superadded tosympa hy foi the oppressed The
atfa'r of the Caroline is net forgotten, and the rewards and
honors said to have been confered by the provincial Parliament
on them concerned m it, hare not tended to allay the feeling
Still they ire not di posed to ia&h and vi -dent measures, and will
w nt m the full conf dence that the national honor will be fully
vm heated, ind her ngbts maintained It is believed that but
fewo ourutizensaie engaged m any unlawful enterprise, that
mo tof thi&e Vio aie said to beimbodiedor eneaged man en
teioriat. foithe li^a^ionofC^mada are Canadian refugee1' And*
it 1* the tl v ol tim Government tosee that all uur neutral obii
o-atiin "íetnfir ed ind Iip tniotedthaf duty would he faithful
¡3.1er! ttl 111 m ^r-o if nth An i, while he tius ed thisduty
wo' Id 0" n 1 fulH ) eifiim Ibv bo h Go\ein nent and people,
thi we id not only inn r relations with Í3ieign Cevei n
ment> ne h<n k 01 do any thm? >ut vJiat is clearly mht he
tru el that ither part of the maxim woitrn the man who
utteitdit woul 1 bt as riKidlj maintained, that we shall "submit
to nothing!hat ib wrong '
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. STRANGE,
Of North Carolina.
In Señale, March 6, 1838 —Upon the bill to "im-
pose addmoaal duties, as depositaries, upon cer-
tain public officers, to appoint Receivers General
oí public money, and to regulate the safe-keep-
ing, transrer,  and disbursement, of the public
money? of the United States "
Mr STRANGE addressed the Senate as follows
When, at the extra  session, I had the honor of
submimng to the Senate, in as condensed a manner
as possible, my views on the subject  now under
cons den'ion, I did not suppose that, under the
pregue 01 that high responsibility which rests upon
e\crv men-ber of this distinguished bodv, I should
? im b^ compelled to enter the arena and engage
a lew  in this momentous stnfe.    I did believe that
such a direction would be given to the subject as to
lull into repose  those elements of discord whieh
have been so long howling through the political at-
mosphere     I did not anticipate that the political
patient would be forced to he for months m igno-
íance of hit, disease, and without the application of
any remedy that, in his anxiety and distress, his
hopes and his fears might be appealed to, to wring
fiom him concession.    But such has been the re-
sult, and  the  subject  is again   before  us, and,
notwithstanding   the great   ability    with   which
it  has been  discussed, I feel it my duty, avoid-
ing,   as  much  as   possible,   grounds  heretofore
occupied by me, to offer some suggestions to
the Senate. In doing so, I shall probably re-
peat much that has been said by others, and if I
should seem tedious to the Senate, my apology
must be found in the magnitude of the subject. It
is, on the side I propose to advocate, so full of to-
pics that the difficulty is not to find something to j
say, but to select from the vast mass of matter
■which crowds upon the mind. In this respect,per-
haps, the gentlemen in the Opposition may seem to
have some advantage over us, for the little that
can be urged on that side of the question may be
thrown upon the mind m all the force of concen
tration, while on ours the effect of each is dissipated
by the variety of considerations which claim atten
tion In the remarks I shall make, I beg leave in
the outset to disclaim any personal allusions Per-
sonalities in debate are, in my judgment, wrong m
every point of view They violate the decorum
■which becomes these halls They are breaches of
that spirit of kindness which should characterize
the intercourse of members of the sam" body
They interfere with the faithful «litharge of duty
to our constituents They are inconsistent with
our own self respect, and detract from our proprie-
ty as gentlemen In any thing, therefore, which I
may say, I war upon parties, not persons, upon .
principles, not men It might seem invidious to
select any one from among those who have pre-
ceded me in the advocacy of what I conceive to be
the cause of truth, as a peculiar subject of remark,
but when it is remembered that the Senator irem
Ohio is a native of the State which I have the honor
in part to represent, that he hath been transplanted
from my own sunny clime to the celd regions of
the lakes, and hath }et put forth in unabated vigor,
and is witnal one of the youngest mpmber^ of this
bod}, both in age and station, I may be excused for
tendering him my thanks as one of the Democracy
of the country, and, so lar as m) feeb e \ oice na\
serve, cheering him on in the race of glory he liss
so nobly begun.
In the farther progress of my remarks, I shall
treat the original bill reported by the Committee of
Finance, and the proposed substitute of the Sena-
tor from Virginia, togetner, for, like Pnaraoh's
dream, the subject is one, although presented m a
two-fold manner. And the parallel holds m
another important parueulai, for, if the substitute
should prevail over the original bill, it will be the
con-umption of the seven full and good ear  of
corn by the seven thin, withered, and blasted by
the east wind, the destruction of the seven fat-flesh-
ed and well-favored kme by the seven thm flesh-
ed and ill-favored, such as weie never «een in all
the land of Eg} pt for badness This subject has i
been justly pronounced on all «ides as o£ 'it ut-
most importance Indeed I do not bébete that one
equally important is like!} to ensiire the atUnn n
ofCongiess through the lapse ol vears Its im-
portance is evinced bv the nattne 01 the opposi-
tion it has been doomed to encounter The pie<s
has made it and its advocates, for mouths past, the
themes of ndicule, insult, and \ituperation An
opposition the most talented, compact, and power-
ful ever known in this countn, has met it on both
floors of Congtess, and eien snme ot those, to
who e bosoms the principles are dear which it is
intended to support, and who would pour out
the blood of those bosoms in their defence, un-
der (they will excuse me for saying,) "a strange,
a passing strange'" delusion, are found warring
against it, and should this bill fail, had it a voice
to speak, it might exclaim in its dying acc<_n% 'Tu
qiwque Ende," with the first man in Rome w hen
he fell beneath the daggers of his luends This
reminds me that th-" Senator from New Yoik [Mr
Tallmadge] bade the friends of the Administration
"beware the ides of November ' I, lor one. re-
ceive the warning in the «pint m which it was
given, albeit I may not piofit b} it, and in the
kindest manner I take leave to remind that Senator
in return, that it was of the ides of another month
that Cassar was warned, not by a misguided friend,
but by his faithful Augur Spurma, and when the
sacrifice was completed, and Cs;«ar was slam,
the chief of those concerned in his destruction were
forced to acknowledge that they had acted under a
wild  delusion,  and  had   "struck the  foremost
man of all this world bat for supporting rob-
bers," and all that they had gained was the poor
privilege of having the insulting proposal made to
them "to sell the mighty space o/their jaige honors,
for ao much trash as might be grasped, 3ms." But
formidable as has been the opposition of the press,
and that upon both floors of Congress, one still more
powerful is waging against this bill. The batiks, the
banks,once the few and modest agents of commercial
exchanges, have been multiplied by hundreds, and
converted into one great political machine, wielding
its Brianan arms in every direction. WhenCadmus
slew the dragon, it was dead for eyer, and from
its sown teeth only sprung forth armed men. Bat
when the mother monster of banks was slam, it re-
vived m its own person, and from some portion of
its exuviae sprang forth a legion more terrible in
this controversy, than an army with banners.
This measure, in my judgment—another magna
chaita—another Declaration of the Indepen-
dence of the people has been grossly tra-
duced and misrepresented Imagination has
gathered around it dark shadowy forms,
obscuring its stature and proportions, and then
declared it, like Hamlet's cloud, an ouzel or a
camel, as the humor prompted Under her magic
touch it has grown up into a vast mountain, des-
tined to belch forth its volcanic lava in every direc-
tion, overwhelming this fair land in ram and def-
lation. Mr. President, when I loot to the
substantial argument which is brought against
this measure, I feel the same exultation which
filled my soul when I heard read in thts hall that
able and luminous document which first brought it
to the attention of Congress Then I felt proud of
ni} country, of my principles, and of the man
whom I had borne an humble part m rendering the
honored instrument, (or. if gentlemen think either
our morals, our taste, or our language, is to beim-
p>-o\ od by applung low terms to dignified subjects,)
tne honored tool in bringing them into action. But
v> hen I look to me clouds of prejudice, which, in thick,
heavy masses have gathered around it, I am op-
pressed with gloomy forebodings, and my heart
sickens at the anticipated miseries of my country.
Oh1 that it were mine to wield a magic wand, by
which I might brush away those clouds of preju-
dice, and lay bare the subject ¡n all its simplicity,
But the wish is vam, and I must essay what I can-
however limited my hopes of success.
The first and most natural mode resorted to by
Ihe enemies of an Independent Treasury to pre-
judice the public mind against it, is pouring
upon it, in advance, the most violent and bitter de-
nunciation Odious names are applied to it and its
friend-, Loco Focoism,  lgranamsm, Spmb Par-
ty, anl a host of other catch words, having no very
definite meaning, and theieby leaving to imagina-
tion to fill up the blanks with every thing dangerous
ind dctctatle To borrow a figure trom the Sena-
tor horn South Carolina, not now in his seat [Mr
Prepon,] they are used as a bell to ring together a
rabble of offensive ideas Every one knows the
effect of the cry of mad-dog upon the unfortunate
animal against whom it is directed Even the most
staid and prudent men are roused from their pro-
prieiv, and join mthe pursuit of the doomed wretch,
and the inquire whether or not the charge is. well-
grounded is seldom made until it ceases to be i
matter of any consequence to the creature charged
whether it is true or not. This measure has been de-
nounced ujxm this floor in a toneof voice, and with
an emphasis which might have disturbed the sleep
of ev en cradle in this wide-spread city, as worse
than the alien and sedition law. Theie is, m my
judgment, a vast difference between the two mea-
sures The one has already been condemned by the
American people, and spurned as> an attempt to fet-
ter their liberty and bmd them in slavery. The
other, as I have aireadv intimated, is a feather fiom
the wing of their own high-soaring eagle. But there
is no disputing about taste. The devil, it is said,
prefers blasphemy to pra>er. But what the Sena-
tor who made this denunciation can find in the alien
and sedition law preferable to an Independent
Treasury, I leave him. to point out.
The next circumstance seized upon to prepossess
the pablic mind against an Independent Treasury
is, that xt was recommended by the President of th.^
10
