146                            APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe.                    Mar, iatft.
Tira €osg--2nd S*«.                       Making pitbhc officers deport* ¡t>-Mr. ffl c«yf.______________Senate.
United State , and the Senate has been taunted
with being composed of a parcel of servile millions
of power, assembling only to register the rescripts
of a tyrant Sn, I would ask, was our Constitution
founded in wisdom or in folly'! is any here so bold
as to declare the latter' If any, let him speak out
Itiainly None! Then it is acknowledged to be
founded m wisdom, and if so, for what purpose was
the third seetion ot the second article inserted?
which declares, " he (the President) shall, fiom
time to time, give to the Congress information of
ihe state of the Union, and recommend to their
considei altan such measures as h« shall judge ne-
cessary and expedient." Was it merely to test
whether the Piesident would yield obedience to the
behests of the Constitution1? whether Congress would
be so tame and submissive as to pay the slightest re-
spect to the suggestions made under the injunctions
of the Constitution? or whether any President
would have the audacity to assail the jus «hvtnum
recently transferred from kings to corpoi ations?
The Senatcn from Massachusetts [Mr. Wkbstir]
was wrong m calling the message which recom-
mended the Independent Treasury the .¿Eohan save
The figure would have been much more apt if, m
speaking of it in connection with the paper ijstein,
he had compared it to the inverted spear which the
poet repiesents as having been stricken into the
hollow mount tin, 01 that launched by Laocoon
against the side of the wooden horse The effect
was not, as 1 think, that mentioned by the Senator
tlmi 1 unifique Notusi|ui rtiunt creberipie procellis
Afru us lUd-i n volvuntiul littora tlucino
"All thr wind* riWim,!* in mfimcest irmn tog tlu rT
And rolling the grt lit waves to the shore '
But it was, in my opinion, another descuption of
the poet,
lit* roque recusso,
lnsonucie i iva Gcmitumquo dedere caverna^
Iusiqullur clamoique virum
' The womb being untuen, its hollow cavern* sounded, ami
gave a groan    The t lamor ol men íulloweil''
The next mode of prepossessing (he people
against an Independent Treasury, is calling it a
war upon the banks, and through them upon the
people Was there ever a more gratuitous as-
ibUiiiptdtn? What are the tacts? Docs C'ongiess
propose to pass an> law regulating the banks,
abridging thur privileges, or niodilying then char-
ters? I)o( s it piopove to tax them, or in any oiher
way to legislate ol, or concerning them? Do not
the Iriends ol this measure expiessly disclaim .ill
right so to do? Who, then, is the assailant? Con-
gress pioposes tu piss a law declaring how the re-
venues ot the Government, raised exclusively for
the use* of ihe Government, shall in future be re-
ceivid, kt pt and dusbuised, and the banks, through
their agents, break m upon the calmness of Con-
gressional deliberation, and dprnand that the whole
business shall be command to them We alone,
iay they, are cntitltd to Us possession No others
can he found worthy to be trusted with it Besides,
the posses urn of it is piofitable to us, and we can-
not surrender the advantages ue denve from it, and
what is more, we say th u the people dewed ad-
vantages irom our possessing it, and we will so
convince the people, and we will stir them up lo
aid us m this demand, and we declare thai
your effoit to «ommit the revenues to other keep-
ing than our«, is war upon us, and through us upon
the people Tins artifice of the banks m bringing
forward the name ot the people m their attempt to
seize upon the public treasure, reminds me of an
ingenious but ciucl device in ancient warfare,
when two cities or nations being at war, the one,
by some accident, got into its possession a numbei
of the wives and children of ihe other, these the
former placed in front of them, and so advanced
upon their adversaries, upon whom they could with
< "eet discharge their arrows and hurl theirjavelm,,
while the latter were restrained by the fear of
wounding their own kindred. The banks know
th-u we are the kindred of the people, ourselves a
poitim of them, and could wa be persuaded that
m resisting their attempt  we were wounding the
people, we should jield ths contest. But what is
the connection between the banks and the people?
Do the people control the bank?, or the banks the
people?   There can be but one answer Ui these
questions. It is our masters' masters, then, and
not our masters themselves, who demand the pub-
lic tieasure, and if we do not surrender it, shall it
be said we are making war upon both? We m ke
no war upon the banks: it is the banks who have
made war upon us As the ancient Gauls did the
Roman terntory, they have overrun our country,
we have been driven to the Capitol, the only íe-
maming fortress, and no help is left to us, but like
ManhusTorquatus, to hurl the intruders from lis
walls.
Another mode of exciting prejudice against the
Independent Treasury system, is speaking of it
as a separation between the people and the Go-
vernment. No charge was evei more absurd (han
this. Those who use it, but betray their own ha-
bitual mode of thinking They ate wont to con-
sider the Government as the property of the few,
contrived for their special comlort and accommo-
dation, while the people, an ignoble herd, aie
totally unfit to govern themselves, or to have any
part in the government of otlieis They ate accus-
tomed to view mankind in classes, regulaily gradu-
ated, at ihe head ol whiih graduation stand those
who administer Ihe Government, while the
friends ol the Independí nt Tiidsiuy look upon Go-
vernment as n mi re institution, set up by the peo-
ple lor their own use and pw poses, managed by a
portion ot themselves, appointed as agents of the
whole to ihatend Thathal it has no incarnate, se-
parate existence, like monarchical or austocratic
Government, and can lime no nghis or interests
but those which it holds in dust for the people
Distinct from thens,e\ci pi so lar as is neiessaiy
lot Ihe ilivchnige of its fiducial) office, it has no
existence
But the most formid ible ol all Ihe picjudiccs
excited against the Independent Treasmy system,
is that citised In consult ling U as ,i part ol a
great system devised by the Ule Adminis laliun,
which has thus l,u in lis piogn si, brought nun and
distiess upon tin t unit i j It is asset lid that the
nation is in the veiy d< pths ol pecuniary distri ss,
and that all this has bun brought about by tin
unwise oi main ions deeds of the past Adniiiiisin-
tion continued by the piesent The ghost ol the
late Administniiim is mide lo Milk across this h ill
an object of tetroi as well as ol «limitation, an 1
men are thin by frighttmd from their propriety
Tins w is ihe puncip.il ihi mi ol the very able ad-
dress to which wt listened from the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Ciav,] on JV1 mdaj week, ami I
think he succeeded very eflectuilly in showing
that neithir the past or present incumbent of the
Prosi tendal chair was very favorable to bulks as
the f sell agents ol (he Government But that lit
ever leached Ihe Q. E I) of his argument, to wn
(hat that hostility had vviought any ill to the coun-
try, I utterly deny It never has and never can be
pr«i en limt it caused the present commercial dis-
tress so loudly conipHui'd ol.bul, on the contiary,
it ispufecllv manileM, and flit exponent ( of every
d iy lindéis u more so, tlut this di Hiss is the re-
sult ol over-trading and txuskvt bulk issues
This siiti of over-trading ind ovi i-'ssLiing,presi nt-
ed nihil Hlul sbovv of great prospcuty, most glon-
ini'1) disrnbid by the Si iiatm from Kmtucl,y,
who last addressed jon, |Mr ('iuni"MnfN,J wd to
conviysomc adupi.ite id'a ol it, he borrowed fiom
ihe beautiful soliloquy of Cardinal Wokcy
1 WeweiMl  « lude v. ml i i b ys ulm swim on blinden
I heie many tsu i mer*    i it^dOJ ),
and Ihe Sena or might hive continued the qunia-
'lon, and found in it flit (ause of the sad reverse
But 'arlmyon 1 om it p h  onr full blown ) rule
Bunt un! r u*
An I It 11 us in [he rude merrv < fa put urn,
W hi h threa imou erwtn Im us "
Yes (his sea if glory in which we hive been
swimming and balhiog, is th it in which wc aie in
danger of being diowned Conlrm ilion is daily
aided to the positions taken by the President, and
maintained by hts friends at the exlia session,
that the piper system had been expanded in Eng-
land as well as m this country, and that the com-
mercial distress complained of in this coun'ry was
to a gieater or less extent prevalent in all the
trading nations Thi1- very morning, before I came
to the House, a friend read fiom a late newspaper
in my htaung, that the trade of Canton was nearly
suspended. Wis the suspension of the tiade of
Cinton attributable to the Specie order of President
Jacksen? To the removal of the deposites or the
suppiession of the United States Bank? No, one, I
suppose, would pretend that it was. In addition
to the pioofs of commercial distress in England
ciled at the last session, listen to a few sentences
from the Edinburgh Review, No 131-
"The «mimen i il and pecuniary history of Great Bi it tin
dm in  the last twolvo month , deserves to ire carefully studied
and meditated In lanuary, 1836, irada and industry weio
Sfiuoially believed to be in the most satisfactory condition
'I be i «unit y was pcrlectty trarquil, meicantile and moneyed
men liml ihti (tiiatest confidence in each oilier, the foreign do
mtndjoroui mauufacluies was beyond all loiuier precedent,
all sorls of laborers had lull employment prices were modi
i ito and the Uauk of Lngland had aboveievew millions of com
and bullion in hei coffers Now, as every one knows no po'l
ncal convulsion lias taken place u tbe interval, the public
tisnnnilHtv has nevei been ibi a moment disturbed, the home
mid loreign demand for our manulacuires cammued, till re
etiuly to be as gieat a evei, the gloomy anticipations that
wero'at one time entertained with íespeet to the late haivest
h n t not beenieahzed, and many important public works hava
been undeitaken In the course ol tin past year Such beingtb*
case, a pel son unacquainted witb the encumstances would
naturally conclude that there must now be more confidence
than rvir, that the citiaordinarv extension of manulicturea
and trade mu-u, by mailing most lireifin countries our debtors,
Iiivb di tenmnod the ba'ance of payments m our f ivor to such
in i xtent a« to n ndiu ilit a< i umul uion of bullion mconvemei t
to lbs bunk J5ol hnv mm ntble soever these conclusions
miv appetr tfl in n ,i one of them, we aie gueved tosay, would
be consistent with tho fict Insteid of increasing, confidence
has bet n well metí deitioyed, a irieat dnausjemem has taken
place m conimtiri-ial speculations, and, instead i f bem^ in
creased, the stock of bullion m tbe bank lias been reduced from
about seven to not more than three and a halt millions, and th tt
i slabll«hm< nl has been placed m the neatest jeopardyl Such
are someol the anomalous results we have lately witnessed "
Is there no pecuniary distress depicted here'? It
is well remembered by the Senate, that early in
ihts session, Birmingham papéis were distributed
among the members of this body, containing a me-
moital ol ihe citizens of that manufacturing town
in England to Loid Melbourne It shuck me at
the time that that memorial was full ol useful in-
stiuction lo us, ind had ftiilv intended to pieservc
vvilli e ire Ibi (opy whuh tell to me, hut I have,
by sonic an ah nt, mi>liid it It foitunately hap-
pens that ex'rac s hive been taken from u in that
<i lick in the 1 dinbuigh Review to which I have
just ief< i red, and I beg leave to call the attention
ol ihe Senate to some of those extracts, togelhei
w uh some few other sentences of the article itself
'The following memorial may berefened to in
proof of this, Birmingham not being affected by
any particular discredit It was presented to Lord
Melbt urne in March last, and was signed by all
the principal merchants, manufacturers, and tra-
il) is of the town The facts it communicates are
m no decree exaggerated, and are equally striking
and instructive
"Mv 1 nun W« the undersigned mirclnnts, manufactur
eis andoilm iiilnlmantsofthe town of Birmingham, beg leave
ip*M c li lly o u pri  eot lo your I oithhip the lollowmg facte
lit Diirfnjr the Hut two m three years i vtiy ^icat im
¡1 vr-mint baa taken place m ihe nade and eommeico of the
inviutn I neighborhood Tin woikmenhave geneially been
j if 1 ni a i ,n lition il full < mp! wmt nt and goo 1 wages, pio-
t\n in;; a iientril s tig of satisliction m 1 con cntment amoog
ihein 1 in ir emf It yrrs h ive also en| yed a condition ol ea^e
and rtifiiiilv wli h mi hi be < diet affluence when compare 1
villi ibi If pies diOi nines and mxu net which they cnduied
I i iiv nl var b hr \ost ck ol i^oods ws« accumulated
n > 'in inliir- 1 ni y I o d existed tlu ptoduct of one nidn s
in i i n\ w hi n i lily , \c nmf I lor [hoi*e of ano hei anl ill
il" iril not in hisnj lniven tin! vv^ie c nued off into the
  woinii- roinmnpu no th people quue as fa«t as they coul 1
b   pro hi ed
VI Su ldenly within the last thtee months, with all the ele
im nis of eeni ral pi oxpei l y remaining unimpaired, tills grail
fymff piali ol th nes li is di apjeaied and h sbctn succeeded
by agem ral «t ue of difliculiy and emhaiias^mem, threatening
the moit aliiiiiii!,'confe(pi'uci"c to all elates of the communi
iy <>i 1 in f t| !* -ir t iiiTiiermanded and diseontinned,
b Mil i fnreu,n an 1 borne trade Th prices of goods are fall
in s ai in miny cafes to occ ision aloss matead of a profit on
ibni [Kiiucti n Tltpioiisioi prolucuon is thus obsuuet
id thf vyorknur ire befin rung to bo aifccharged or be plated
"I >n 1 >rl rmplnvnii nt and we an confident, iHtnnless ic
in   h i! n ca-unin be imme iiatelvaj plied, alarbe prof irtnn of
o I   t it a   in will dimly bo ihionn ent re j o it i f cu ploy
im nt
litre, men, sre pictures of pecuniary distress
equal to any which can he drawn by American
fancy And does any one suppose that they have
been drawn by the writer of this article, and the
men of Birmingham, just to gratify President Van
Buren, and to suUam his theories? No one, I pre-
sume, will so imagine. And to what do the people
of England attribute their distresses,? Is it to their
Government? or to ours, or its measures! To
the Specie Circular, the removal of the deposites
