Feb, im.                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;____________Ué
25th Cos --"2\'d Sess.                     Making public officers depositories—Mr. Smith.                                                        Senate.
all the crimes which have occarred in the field and
in the cabinet. To what purpose have Federalists
exerted themselves to s' ow the wickeddness of
this war, and to raise the public sentiment against
it, and to show the authors of it not only to "be un-
worthy of public confidence, but highly criminal,
if now they contribute the sums of mcney, without
which these rulers must be compelled to stop; must
be compelled to return to the policy and measures
under which this country once was at peace, and
in singular prosperity." * * * "Any Federalist
who lends money to Government must go and shake-
hands with James Madison, and claim fellowship
with Felix Grundy. Let himno more call himself
a Federalist, and a friend to his country. He will
be called by others infamous." * * * 'It
is very grateful to find that the universal senti-
ment is, that any man who leads his money to the
Government at the present time will forfeit all
claim to common honesty and common courtesy
among all true friends to the country. God forbid
that any Federalist should ever hold up his hand to
pay Federalists for money lent to the present ru-
lers; and Federalists can judge whether Democrats
will tax their constituents to pay interest to Fede-
ralists." The national honor, wealth, nay, its very
existence, will be placed, in the hands of these cor-
porations, and to them, not Congress, the people
will have to apply to knoxv whether they will vin-
dicate the honor of the nation by declaring war
against a nation trampling upon her rights, perhaps
by the incitement of those very incorporations, to
gratify some interest of theirs, or for baser pur-
poses; and if it shall be their pleasure to call a Con-
gress, as they lately have done, to deliberate upon
the humble petition of their loyal subjects, they
will then, if they condescend to hear it, gratify their
subjects or not, as it may suit the convenience or
interest of the noblesse of our country. And sir,
said Mr. S. the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Rives]
has not hesitated to declare, on this floor, his sur-
prise that the Government had not Sent agents to
the late bank convention held in New York, to try
to negotiate a treaty of amity and peace with the
banks. Has this great nation already come to this
humiliating and degrading condition? Mr. S. said
he had hoped at least the evil day was yet further
off. The siren song had been sung; but he trust-
ed the pnchantment was not yet too powerful to be
resisted, while the Genius of Liberty, in her most
fascinating form, was hovering over and adjuring
this happy people, for her sake, to resist the lure:
he would not permit himself to believe that her
last and lingering hope was to be lost in a corrupt
system of banking. No sir, said Mr. S. she had
resisted successfully thus far all the allurements
that had been proffered to seduce her, and he was
not now prepared to believe she would sink beneath
the influence of this pestiferous bank miasma.
But it is urged by the opponents of the bill, that
the Government money in the hands of its public
officers, will be too tempting to be resisted; that it
will induce peculations; that they will become
corrupted by it, and the Treasury will be robbed,
and the people suffer great pecuniary losses, as
well as loss of moral character; and the nation
will suffer degradation and debasement, by the
frauds which the Government will be privy to, in
improvidently trusting to the care of their agents,
selected from among them, for their probity and
worth, the public money. Here again, said Mr.
S. you see developed Federal principles; the people
are incapable of taking care of themselves; a
standing army, and sedition law, were necessary
to secure their persons, against their worst enemies,
themselves; their money can only be secured, and
safely kept for them, by that class of men who
were said by Colonel Hamilton to be the only
firm supporters* of Government, the wealthy.
But, Mr. S. said, he desired to know what there
was in banks that made men more honest, than
when administering a Government of their own
choice, and formed by themselves for their own
benefit. If we may judge from what has lately trans-
pired in relation to the banks, they are perfect
schools of corruption; perjury is but a common
occurrence with the bank officers, to cover up,
aad secrete their frauds committed upon the people;
and in confirmation of this, Mr. S. said he would
read an extract from a Boston paper:
"We find that the banks, in every quarter of
the Union, have become the subject of anxiety to
their State Legislatures. In Massachusetts, the out
and out bankruptcy of some six or seven of the
city banks, has forced an investigation into the
arcana of the corporations upon the Federal party.
Rantoul, the bold and eloquent champion of De-
mocracy in that Federal^ Legislature, pressed in-
quiry with such vigor that it could not be resisted.
The opening of the charnel houses has presented
a melancholy scene of mortality. It is found that
the empty vaults are the mere receptacles of some
defunct, worm eaten notes of hand, which, alas'
are as inconvertible as the shin-plaster then re-
presenting' them in exchange, which are but so
many poor ghosts " visiting the glimpses of the
moon." But the worst is found on the books. A
friend writes us from Boston: "Among other dis-
graceful disclosures concerning the Franklin and
Lafayette Banks before the legislative committee,
still sitting, it appears that the cashier of the for-
mer declared, under oath, that the returns made by
the directors to the Government, were sworn to
with a knowledge that they were false, and that
they kept two sets of books to carry on the decep-
tion."
But said Mr. S. if one hundred thousand dol-
lars of money in the hands of the officers of the
General Government is corrupting, will it be less
so, when added to the money of the bank? If so,
upon what principle is it? The gentleman "has not
condescended to tell us.
Mr. S. said, one objection mad? to the bill is,
that if the public dues are all collected in gold and
silver it will distress the banks, because they will
be required to keep on hand specie to pay their
bills to the amou nt of the public revenue, as those who
are indebted to Government will have their bills, and
demand the specie to piy the Government. Well,
great concern has been manifested for the people;
they were going to suffer if the bill passed. But here
it is not difficult to understand who are meant by
tke people; the banks are meant to be designated as
the people. That the banks will complain, no one
doubted. The reason is quite obvious: if ihey are
obliged to keep more specie, and issue less bills,
their profits, of course, will be Jess, and nothing
but complaint would be expected of them. But
will the people, who are not bankers, complain be- ,
cause the banks are obliged to keep, what they pro-
mise, specie to pay their bills when demanded? If,
then, by collecting the public dues in specie, it will
have the effect to compel the banks to be prepared
to pay their bills in specie, it is a good feature ¡n
the bill. The people will have the benefit of it,
and this is what disturbs the opponents of the bill;
their people are the banks.
Mr. S. said he should trouble the Senate with
but few remarks upon the currency, s.% it had, to a
considerable extent, b<?en involved m the preceding
discussion upon the unfitness of banks as deposito-
ries of the public money.    Money or currency is
an attribute of sovereignty.  All Governments, said
Mr. S. as far as his knowledge extended, had not
only found it necessary, but had considered it a
cardinal duty,  to provide and take care of it, as
much, and even more so, than  weights and mea-
sures. Money is the standard of value; it measures
the value of all property, as much as weights a?-
certam the quantity; and if the standard of value is j
defective,  those who use  it suffer as much, and
many timet much more, than they  would by the !
use of defective weights.    Indeed, such importance |
is attributed to money in political economy, that it ¡
is considered the life-blood of the body politic, and j
the sinews of war.    It would, therefore, seem to be j
of such importance to a nation, that  u could r.wt j
exist without it; and in war, the nation would be as '
impotent and powerless as its snluVrs, who were to  j
fight  its   battles,   would   be without   smews and
nerves.    It is interwoven wilh all the business and
concerns  of society;  every person is more or less
affected by it, and feels a deep interest in it, wheth-
er rich or poor, or whether he belongs to one class
of people or another; it enters into almost every
transaction of life,  he its character what it may.
Mr. 8. said he thought all would agree that it is
important it should spring from a pure source, awf
be unaffected with moral taint. I  the carrett^r
furnished by banks under our present system <8S
this character? and can it be so? If ft is" not, we
ought to see what its defects are, and see -whether
they can be remedied; and if they cannot, whether
further countenance and encouragement shall fce
given to the system by the General Government.
The moral aliment taken up by the absorbent ves-
sels of the body politic, and which npurish aad
sustain a Republican Government, ought to be
pure, and unalloyed with noxious mixtures, or it
will surely languish, and ultimately perish under
its baleful influence. Mr. S. said it was a funda-
mental principle in our Government, and intended
to be fully carried out, and strictly adhered to in
all our institutions and laws, that all men should
be placed politically upon equal grounds, and left
free to exercise their social rights; and whatever
marred this equality might be looked upon as an
excrescence or tumor upon the body politic, and a
symptom of disease or unhealthiness in its institu-
tions and laws. Titles of nobility, the principle
of primogeniture, entailments, perpetuities, and
every device to concentrate wealth by_ law, and
make.odious distinctions between men equal by
nature ; the pernicious and deleterious effects of
which, upon a free Government, were so well un-
derstood by .our ancestors, that they not only
wholly discarded them, but made such provisions
as they deemed effectual to prevent their introduc-
tion in future; and to the end that all might be
kept equal, as far as equal laws would have file
effect, laws of distribution were made, to distribute
equally the property of a deceased ancestor among
the heirs, in accordance with strict principles of
justice, and that perpetuated wealth should not
have an undue influence in making and maintain-
ing such distinctions. And what do we find in the
principles of banking? Why, sir, two of the most
odious principles that could be incorporated into
the institutions of a Republican Government—
perpetuity and concentration of wealth; both are
combined in banking. Although all the original
parties to the corporation may be dead, yet the cor-
poration is continued and kept alive, and perpetu-
ated to the end of time, by new members being
added. And the wealth of hundreds and thousands
is brought together and concentrated, and may be
wielded by one or two men, and brought to bear
upon any portion of the community, in a political
or any other point of view. And it is well known
that they often enter the hails of the legislatures,
and are brought to bear upon legislative action, and
ro mould it into such shape as shall suit their inte-
test. As lamentable as this is, it is nevertheless
true!
Mr. S. said nobody ever denied the right or
power of a Stale until the banks came into ex-
istence, nor were there any writers upon the sub-
jeci learned or wise enough to discover and bring
to light a different principle to regulate all such
business as affected, and had a bearing on, the
public interest and welfare of the people generally,
however private it might be in its nature and cha-
racter, in such manner as to promote the general
raid public good. Although markets, grist-millí,
ferr•"•=, provisions, and all otl.er articles sold in
market, arc private pioperty, notwithstanding they
are regulated by the Government, so as to prevent
injuries accruing to purchasers by the sellers. But
the banks, the illegitimate offspring, to say the
¡east, of improvident Ligislatures, have assumed a
sovereign power, which overshadows the Stste
sovereignty with the aid of their godfath.-r, the
Supreme Court of the United States, to whose
pa'ernai sympathies, Mr. S. said, he should ask
the indulgence of ths Senate hereafter, while he
could give them.a passing notice.
Trie banks now til:.? a lv stile alOude, convene
their congress, hold a vcrei conclave, and bid
defiance to the Government which gave them
existence. And here, said Mr. 8., he would read
an extract from a New Orleans paper, as evidence
of the defiance of the banks to the State Govern-
ments to interfere with them in any way whatever:
"The Legislature of Louisiana has under way a
bill to reform the banks. Its great feature is a
superintending beard of commissioners, appointed
