Feb. 1838                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                ;l#i
„_________________________________-----------------■------------------------------—----------■——-----------------------------------------------------—---------—-----------------------------------------------------                      .....-----------------------•------                                ■ "   ""......'■ ' ■""■"",l"   ........' " ■  ' iUiii^uj'-,u''
25th Coxg___2nd Sess.                            Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Smith.                                                         Senate.
ture grant a franchise to individuals to bank,
and furnish a circulating medium or currency,
which all admit is a sovereign attribute, without
doing it for the benefit of the public? And, if it is for
the benefit of the public, it is so far a civil institution.
And is not this the character given to it when the
bank is granted? And do not those who petition
and ask for the bank, and the Legislature, all treat
it as such? And is it. not on that ground that it is
granted by the Legislature? And are not those in-
corporated treated as instruments only to promote
the public interest? And, if so, is not the legisla-
tive act strictly within the principle, as laid down
by the court, in defining political power? If
it is not, it is difficult to perceive what political
power is. Mr. S. said what he understood political
power to be was nothing more than a portion of
individual rights and power surrendered to be ex-
ercised by the Government for the benefit of the
whole, that the remaining part of their rights might
be more effectually secured to them; that the legis-
lators were agents of the people only, to conduct
the Government machinery for them, which could
be operated by political power alone.
In giving a construction to the Constitution, a
distinction is taken between a public and a private
act of the Legislature, while no one ever contended
that a public act was not hable at all times to be
repealed, however injuriously it might affect the in-
terest of individuals. At the same time, it is con-
tended that a private act, derived from the same
source, confer.pd by the same power, and though |
it may affect injuriously, in a far less degree, the
interest of those who receive its benefits, yet it can-
not be repealed unless a power for that purpose was
reserved when i he act was parsed. And why not? j
Because, say the advocates for the monopoly con- i
struction, that it is a contract of the persons in- ;
corporated by the private act with the Legislature; ]
and, therefore no act can be passed impairing the i
obligation of contracts. Well, let us take a case
for illustration, which is not of seldom occurrence
in these days of vested rights, and see whether it is
so. The Legislature pass an act offering a
bounty to all silk-growers, of one dollar for
each pound of raw silk they shall raise within ¡
twenty years. Under the inducements held out j
by this law, men go largely into the business, |
purch^e suitable land, purchase and set out
mulberry tiets, establish expensive cocoonries, I
and lay out manv thousands of dollars. After
succeeding well, and after the lapse of a few years,
the. people find ¡hat the profits are so great, that it
is supplanting all other kinds of business, or, at
least, the profits are altogether disproportioned by
means of the bounty to the profits of other busi-
ness, and the Legislature which act for, and in
obedience !o the will of the people, repeal the law.
Will any body doubt the power of the Legislature
to repeal it? At the same time, when the íaw was
passed granting the bounty, a private act was
passed by the same Legislature, incorporating a
company to manufacture the raw silk into goods
of various kinds; ami this is found also by the pro-
fits it yields to a wealthy company, who, by their
chartered rights, have monopolized and engrossed
the business, so as to trench upon the rights of in-
dustrious, unincorporated individuals, in cutting
down and curtailing their means of living. But
this offensive monopoly or corporation cannot be
reached, because it is a contract with the corpora-
tors, selling and disposing of so much of the politi-
cal power as materially to affect the rights of the
citizen, for whose benefit alone, and for whose pri-
vate rights, the political power was created and re-
served, to be used, from time to time, as their inte-
rest should require, and in the same manner as
when exercised in passing a public act for the
same purpose—the benefit of the people. We
historically know that the prohibiting clause in
the Constitution was intended for no jjolher pur-
pose than to prevent Legislatuies from interfer-
ing with contracts fairly made between men
and men in their private business, and annulling
what individuals themselves had agreed to and con-
summated in a contract. And what mind is there
50 obtuse as not to be able to discover that by the
plastic band of the Supreme Court, this clause of
the Constitution is  converted into a machine to
despoil the free citizens of this country of their
civil liberty, for the attainment of which th*-ir an-
cestors sacrificed their treasure and blood, and
transmitted it to them as a sacred heritage, believ-
ing it would not be parted with, but with a sacrifice
equal with that made to establish it. And what is
not less humiliating, it places the citizens of the
united States, in the enjoyment of civil liberty, far
below the subjects of the King of England; for
there it is not denied but an obnoxious franchise
may at any time be taken away by Parliament.
Mr. S. said, marriage contracts are constantly, not
only impaired, hut abrogated and cancelled by
State Legislatures, and the parties to them wholly
released from their obligations to each other by vir-
tue of the marriage contract. And nobody ever
denied the right of the Legislature to dissolve the
contract. No: it is not denied by the Supreme
Court, but is expressly admitted to be consistent
with the constitutional provision, prohibiting Le-
gislative enactments "impairing the obligation
of contracts." And that every man may
put a just estimate upon the opinions of the
erudite judges of the Supreme Court, in giving to
our sacred Constitution such construction as to
build up a formidable moneyed aristocracy, which
had already confidence enough in its own strength
and power to bid defiance to the Government, and
whose career thus far had been marked by oppres-
sion, corruption and perjury. Mr. S.said he would
read the opinion of the Court, so far as it regarded
marnnge contracts, in the case of Dartmouth Col-
lege, vs. Woodward, 4, Wheaton 823, where the
doctrine of vested rights was fully discussed, and
considered ss settled against the rights of the Ameri-
can people. Judge Marshall says, in delivering
the opinion of the Court: "It never has been un-
derstood to lestrict the general right of the Legisla-
ture to legislate on the subject of divorces. These
acts enable the same tribunal not to impair a mar-
riage contract, but to liberate one of the pames, be-
cause it has been broken by the other." Judge
Story says, page 695: "A general law regulating
divorces from the contract of marriage, like a law
regulating remedies in other cases of breaches of
contracts, is not necessarily a law impairing the
obligations of such a contract. It may be the only
effectual mode of enforcing the obligations of the
contract on both sides."
Then, said Mr. S. we are thus enlightened by
the learning and wisdom of our boasted Supreme
Court. The only effectual way of enforcing a
marriage contract may be to dissolve it, or to
liberate one of the parties, because it has been
broken by the other. This, said Mr. S. he must
confess was a new way of enforcing the obliga-
tions of a contract without impairing it, to cut
the ligaments, absolve the parties from all obliga-
tion imposed by the marriage contract, leaving the
parties where they were before the contract was
made. If the true and only reason which can be
given, for the exception m the case of marriage
contracts, had been given by the court, it would
have prostrated the entire fabric, which had been
conceived in the imagination of the court, and
confirmed the only reasonable construction that
can be given to the Constitution ; that is, that the
marriage contract is of civil institution, consum-
mated by the sovereign act of the State, and for
governmental purposes ; which was never intended
to be interfered with, when that provision was in-
troduced into the Constitution. And such is the
character of the banks; they have their origin in the
sovereign acts of the State, and for the purpose of
promoting the public, interest, and not that of indi-
viduals; both stand precisely upon the saine ground.
The creat and fundamental principie in our Go-
vernment, that every Legislature should be left
free lo act for the benefit of the people, as the con-
dition of society, and the circumstances of the peo-
ple, may require, is founded in the fact, that all
political power is vested in the people; and ihat it
is to be used and applied as it may be wanted, but
not to be disposed of or placed beyond their reach,
by any bargains or contracts to be made by their
agents, the legislators, >s evidenced by the fact,
these Legislatures cannot alter, enlarge, or con-
tract the political power as prescribed by the Con-
stitution; but to do this, the people are to be called
upon to act in the -primary capacity, who* -h^fs'
the power to make such«alteraíiooa theymayse¿%
It is said by the court in the above case, tfcat-'■'*£
a salary is stipulated to be given to att officer of
the Government, for a certain time, tfeaf 3fc3g,isa,
contract, and may be enforced. If this is so, and
the Legislature possesses the" power to make ,l6e
judges of the courts independent of the people, by
contract with them, why make provision in tí 
Constitution for the tenure of the judicial officer,
that they shall hold it during good behavior, or
for any other term of time? And why do those fa-
vorable to this principle, hold on to it with.
such tenacity, when it is once incorporated
in the Constitution? If this principle is cor-
rect, it follows, that unless you have guarded
against it in your Constitution, ail your <rf6ees, of
every character, may be disposed of for ever, and
the people are bound by it, whether they have been
betrayed into the hands ®f a set of tyrants, knaves,
or fools. This would harmonise with the princi-
ples of that Government which was the idol of
Colonel Hamilton, and which, with all its faults,
he thought the most perfect Government on earth
—that is, the British Government. There the po-
litical power is all vested in the Parliament, and
none in the people: of course the Parliament can
dispose of it at its pleasure. Were the people in
that country ever called upon in their primary ca-
paciiy to alter their Constitution, to extend or
abridge their political power? Certainly not; and
why? Because the people have nothing to do with
it; it was all usurped, and taken away from them
by the Government; the people, in their estimation,
being incapable of using it. We are brought to
the conclusion, then, that Legislatures, as such, have
no power to convert and dispose of the political
power, but to use it temporarily during their agen-
cy, and so by the next Legislature succeeding them,
to be used in the same manner. Their agency is
of the same character, so far as it regards the po-
litical power, as that of an individual employed in
the business of another to do his work on ¡he
farm, in the mechanic's shop, or in the manufac-
turing establishment. The employment does not
give the agent the power to dispose of the proper-
ty. It is said by the court in the same case, these
Legislatures may dispose of land belonging to the
State, and therefore may dispose of offices, fran-
chises, etc. This does not follow. Land is tan-
gible and transferrable property, and the nature
and object of it is to be sold and transferred, and
Legislatures are always considered the proper agents
for that purpose.
Mr. S. said that a United States Bank was not
lost sight of by the Opposition; they were cherishing
the hope that one would be chartered, and beeome the
fiscal agent of the Government. He should not
at this, or any other time, take into consideration
the expediency ef such a measure, until Congress
should admit its constitutionality, which he was
not prepared lo believe would take place very soon,
Mr. S. said he was wholly satisfied, that no pow-
er either was, or intended lo be, vested in Congress
to establish a bank, and to maintain that position,
such remarks as he should be indulged in making
on the subject, would be directed. It has been said,
that the constitutionality of a bank ought now to be
considered no longer doubtful, inasmuch as Pre-
sident Washington, after the Constitution was
adopted, gave his sanction to it, by confirming
the act of Congress, granting the first charter of
a bank. But we know historically, and a recur-
rence to the journals of Congress will show ¡t,
that Genera! Washington hesitated long be-
fore he would give his assent to ¡he charter;
and we have the best of reasons for believ-
ing that it was the extreme anxiety he felt for the
welfare of his country at that cínica! juncture, that
induced him to sign the act at ¡he tune; and how
fir, if at all, he was influenced by the powerful and
delusive reasoning of Hamilton, who was bent on
taking the first opportunity to engraft new powers
by construction on the Constitution, is not known,
Cut for want of money to discharge the debts of the
1 Government, which bad been conlracied in esta-
blishing our independence, he believed the people
would be so far dissatisfied, under the then extreme
"embarrassment of the country, with the necessary
n
