Feb. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
25th Con *'"2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Brown.'
Senate.
but that it shall be necessary, that is, the law is
indispensable ; that cannot be otherwise, without
preventing the purpose intended; and though we
may admit that the word, necessary, is sometimes,
though seldom, used in a more relaxed sense, this
is the general sense in which it is used. If, then,
a bank is indispensable to the regulation of com-
merce, there might seem to be some excuse for
exercising the power. But no one will pretend that
commerce cannot be regulated without a bank;
and, therefore, a bank is not necessary, or, in other
words, indispensable; nor is it, in its nature, a regu-
lator of commerce, but an auxiliary to commerce.
But what may be supposed to have been under-
stood by the convention when the Constitution was
framed, by "making all laws necessary," &c. what
would be understood now, by all men of common
sense? Why, sir, every man would suppose that
it meant a common and ordinary law; such an one,
as is required to be published and placed in your
statute book among the general and public laws,
and such as all citizens are bound to lake notice of;
and which are at all times under the control of the
people, subject to be altered, modified, or repealed,
as their interest should lequire; not a private con-
tract with one or more individuals, which derives
no force or efficacy from being pjblished, bat is
perfected like every other contract between two or
more individuals, affecting nobody but the contract-
ing parlies, and which the public, by the construc-
tion of the court, has no interest in, or concern
with; and which is designed to empower the indivi-
duals incorporated to accumulate wealth and riches,
while all others are strictly prohibited and forbid-
den the enjoyment of the same privileges, and not
only so, but compelled to contribute theirproportion
towards enriching these specially privileged above
all the rest. Suggest to the mind of any man that
a law was to be made for any purpose, and would
the idea flash upon his mind that that law was to be
a. contract in which the public generally was not
concerned?    Certainly not.
It is possible we may derive some aid in giving
a correct construction to the word necessary, as
used in the Constitution, by recurring to some ordi-
nary transaction among individuals, where a right
is implied, and limited by necessity. We shall
then be likely to get the idea ordinarily designated
by the word We will suppose the following case,
and see whether such construction as has been
given in similar cases, and as probably would be
again should it occur, will not shed some light on
this constitutional provision: One man sells a piece
of land to another, surrounded entirely and en-
closed by his own land, without giving any express
right in the deed to the grantee to cross his land to
go there, which he had conveyed. To occupy and
enjoy the land, it is necessary that the grantee should
have ingress and egress; and, without it, the con-
veyance would be wholly nugatory, and could not
be enjoyed by him, any more than it could if he
did not own it. Mr S said there would be an im-
plied right to pass over the grantor's land, as being
necessary to the enjoyment of the land, and to give
effect to the deed. But suppose the land, when
conveyed, was open and accessible on one side, but
very inconvenient, and the distance to get on to it
would be several miles, while to cross the grantor's
land would be very convenient, and the distance
but a few rods : would any one suppose the grantee
could have a right to pass over the grantor's land?
Certainly not. And why not? Because the land
could be enjoyed, though imperfectly and to a
great disadvantage, as it was conveyed. It will,
therefore, be seen, that if this position is correct;
that if means, though imperfect, are given to the
enjoyment of the express power, that every means
may not be resorted to as necessary to give the
greatest degree of enjoyment that the subject is ca-
pable of; but it must be taken with its imperfec-
tions, and no implication necessanlv arises to make
it more perfect. Mr. S. said he desired to learn by
what principle or power it is that Congress dele-
gates the power to others; and, independent of
these, from whom, and to whom, the power to
grant a bank, if such exists, emanates? Is there
any other instance, and if so, where is it, in which
the power delegated by the people, to be exercised
for their benefit, without express power given for
that purpose, that the power so delegated can bs
again delegated? He knew of none. Executive
officers, under authority given for that purpose,
may call to their aid others to assist them in exe-
cuting the laws; but can legislative officers, or agents
of the people,transfer their powers, which are person-
al trusts, and discharge themselves from the respon-
sibility created by the acceptanceof the trust from the
people, to whose personal ability and known fitness
alone, they looked for a faithful performance of it?
Eut for the purpose of seeing what the principle
would lead to, when fully carried out in practice,
admit there is no doubt butCongress hasthe power
to incorporate a banking company, and make it
independent of the people and of the Government;
and this to be done by their legislative powers, re-
ceived at the hands of the people. It will proba-
bly not be denied that, if the legislators can dis-
pose of part of their power, they can upon the
same principle, dispose of the whole. Suppose,
then, that some important measure is designed to
be carried in Congress, and the people select their
representatives with that view; but the representa-
tives think proper to barter away their trusts to
others, whom the people know nothing about, and
are adverse to them in their views of the subject,
to settle and legislate upon which the representa-
tives had been particularly elected; but by this
subterfuge, the people are cheated and defrauded
out of their rights. And whether the business to
be performed by the representatives is ordinary
or extraordinary, the principle is the same, and
the fraud is as great upon the people as far as
it affects their interest and rights.
Suppose the judges of the courts, who are ap-
pointed to the important station for their talents,
learning, and peculiar fitness for the place, dele-
gata their powers to others, without regard to the
choice or rights of the people, and create a new
court at their pleasure. Is there any thing more
revolting in this, or would it be more unexpected, or
unjust to the people, than for the Legislatures to
delegate their powers, and create an odious mo-
nopoly, and an oppressive banking institution, sub
verting the fundamental principles of their Go-
vernment, and reducing them to the domination of
a power, the people had freely spilt their blood to
avert?
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. BROWN,
Of North Carolina,
In Senate, February 23, 1838—Upon the bill " to
impose additional duties as depositaries, upon
certain public officers, to appoint Receivers Ge-
neral of public money, and to regulate the ssfe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the public
moneys of the United States."
Mr. BROWN said, when the important mea-
sure, which was then before them, had, on a for-
mer occasion, been presented for their considera-
tion, he had then availed himself of the indulgence
of the Senate, to submit the reasons, which in-
fluenced his course, in regard to it. The debate,
on the occasion that he referred to, had been dis-
tinguished, as well by the decorum and dignity,
with which it had been conducted, as by that ex-
hibition of high intellectual powers, which it had
called foitli, on both sides of the question. In
rising, to address them again, he was very sensible
of his inadequacy to do justice to a suhjsct so
weighty in its consequences, and of such vast ex-
tent, that it more and more expanded on the
" mind's eye," as we progressed in its investiga-
tion. A subject, involving, in his opinion, an
issue of no less importance, than the continuance
of the right of the people of this country to self-
government, and the maintenance of our republi-
can institutions. With this solemn conviction on
his mind, feeble as he deemed his own abilities, lie
was emholdened to enter the lists of debate, to
grapple with the strong, and to do battle, undersf
banner consecrated by the principles of free go-
vernment, with what skill he might, and with what
power he could.
He should do injustice to his own feelings, if he
omitted to express the satisfaction, which he had
derived, from listening,!© the able and eloquent
address of the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen], in
iupport of the measure before them. It was a
noble defence of a noble cause, and one which
reflected net less honor on the ancient State of
North Carolina, which gave him birth, than the
young, powerful, and vigorous Commonwealth,
which he now so honorably represents, in this body.
I tender him, for it, the homage of my sincere
thanks; and feel confident, if the citizens of his
native State could have heard his able defence of
their long-cherished principles, that it would have
met from the great body of them, a warm and
hearty response.
If, said Mr. B. the present Administration, and
its friends, had loved place more, and Rome less ;
if they had looked more to considerations of a
character, merely selfish, and less to the high and
honorable dictates of elevated public duty ; if they
had have bowed down in abject homage to the
banking interests of the country,and had consented
to acknowledge their mastery over the Govern-
ment, and the public will itself, then, most proba-
bly, many denunciations, that had been heard
against them, would have been spared, and their
path would have been less beset with difficulties,
than at present. In great emergencies, the path whieh
patriotism and public duty point to, is often difficult
and rugged to tread, while that of a contrary
character is more inviting, from its smooth and
more alluring track. Those who were now acting
as the public agents, in administering the Govern-
ment, had chosen, in this great crisis, the more
stern and rugged, but the more honorable, path of
patriotism and official duty. They were endea-
voring to raise the standard of patriotism and
love of country, above the mere mercenary consi-
derations of banks and banking interests. Their
measures tended to reinstate that ancient and noble
spirit of liberty, which, when its principles were
endangered, scorned to calculate consequences by
the sordid rule of dollars and cents. He honored
sentiments such as these. He would stand by those
who supported them, and was ready to share the
same political fate with them, whatever it might
be. The country would stand by them, unless the
period had arrived when liberty had fallen from
her " high estate^ and the more sordid considera-
tions of gain had tripnphed over the more noble
principles of Our nature.
Two great political parties, said Mr. B.—one of
them, occasionally, assuming different names—had
divided the people of this country, from the period
when the convention which framed the present Fe-
deral Constitution had assembled. Some of the
leading members of that convention, who were sub-
sequently called Federalists, entertained strong
doubts of the capacity of men to govern themselves,
and were in favor of conferring powers on the Fe-
deral Government, entirely at variance with a po-
pular form, and which would have made it essen-
tially a monarchy.
Ever distrusting either the honesty or intelli-
gence of the people, or both, they believed that they
could be governed either by fraud or force alone.
The Republican party, which constituted the other
great division, believed in the entire competency of
men to govern themselves. They believed that the
gieat majority of the people possessed a native
sense of justice, which made them honest, and that
they had intelligence enough to carry out into prac-
tice its virtuous impulses, in the management of
public affairs. These leading characteristics, then,
existing between the two great parties, and sepa-
rating them by a line plain and broad, had been
perceptible on all the important public questions
which had, from that time to this, agitated the coun-
tiy. On the one hand, doubts and distrust of the
people; on the other, confidence and an entire be-
lief that they not only wished to do right, but had
intelligence enough to know and pursue what was
tight-
No sooner had the Federal Constitution gone into
operation, than the leading members of the Federal
party, with that tact, address, and activity, which
had ever distinguished it in all its mutations, and
tinder every variety of name, sought to gain for
the Government, in its practical administration, all
that power which they had failed to impart to it in
