172
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- fo:18fo
25th Cong-"'2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Norvell.
Senate.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
SPEECH OF MR. NORVELL,
Of Michigan,
In Senate, March 6, 1838—Upon the bill tu " im-
pose additional duties, as depositaries, upon cer-
tain public officers, to appoint Receivers General
oí public money, and to regulate the safe-keep-
ing, transfei, and disbursement, oí the public
moneys of the United States."
Mr. NORVELL rose, and addressed the Senate
I concur, Mr. President, said he, with the Sena-
tor from Maryland [Mr Mfrsuck] in the opinion,
that, at this crisis m our public affaiis, the country
expects every man  to  do  his  duty     I intend to
perform mme, to the be t ot my very humble abi-
lity    The Senator laments that appeal? have been
made to party feelings on this side  oí   the Senate,
to parties which have long been extinct    Sir, the
Senator irom Mar> land, on this point, is mistaken
Whatever changes of .«ame they may assume, how-
ever variable individuals may prove m their poli-
tics, the old parties in this countiy have not only
not become extinct, but never can be extinguished.
Their principles remain the same.    It is the Ans-
tocracy perpetually waning with the Democracy
which originated the two parties  into which the
people of the United States have ahvavs been di-
vided, and which will continue to diMinguiMi their
history to the end of time     Iiegtel, sn, that the
name of Democracy has lately lost its chaims, its
magic influence, over mj lnend Iiom Mar) land.
The fact is a sad piesagc of his Inline political ca-
reer.    The Scnatoi sa)s, that the American people
are cr)ing to us for biead, am' we gixe them vme-
gar, we plunge them into wo
Sir, I have heard no such cues Clamois,
indeed, have reache 1 us irom Wall ti<ct md kin-
dred scenes ot speculation and panic A t< w ptti-
Uons from two or three other cities have been pre-
sented to us But the great bod) of the American
people, the agricultural, useful, and productive
mass of the nation, have sent no protests to this
body against a measure eminently fitted toptotctt
their interests, and to punfv the cuircnc) oí the
country
The Senator mquues whetliei we Know who our
masteis arc1* I tell him, su, that 1 havt no in tslei
In one sense, we aie the public suvitils Wi .lie
placedm stations m which we arc requited to sene
our country But we aic the equals, tin lnuids,
not the slaves, ot oui constituent'- I learned, m
my early years, from the great fountains ot Bntish
liberty, and the lesson has been con turned in the
school oí American Demociacy, that
' Mm knuw? nonnstu sivt ot i!iv  llnvtn
And that whit h common ¿o u en <! ons
Sir, I, loo, lament that upon the "real measuie
before the Senate, loo mutli paity spirit has been
indulged in. But whence has it p>decided? When-
did it originate"* It began, sir, <m the other side (¡
the Senate A remorselesspaity wariaic upon this
measuie, and on the Administration,commenced in
that side at the cxlra «i sum, ami, chteied by «hit
they suppose to be a favonhle indication ct public
sentiment, they h->veicn«wi Ian 1 pi executed it with
Iresh vigor at the present <tssion The iem irks of
the honorable Senaioi hnnsell, after deprecating
its influence in his «pcech of }ok rday, aflord a fit
illustration of the party spirit ni w inch, contraiy to
his own professions, this grave subject has bee n
treated on that side of the Senate
Mr President, the bill before the Senate contains
two pioposmons The fiisi is, that the Govern-
ment will discontinue the use ol banks as íl-, fiscal
agents and depositories The second is that it will
graduilly discontinue the leirptmi ot anything
but gold andsilvci m the payment ol the publicievc-
nues The details ol the bill, aUhou/h oí minoi im-
portance, properly designate the publicoiheirs who
stnll receive, keep, and pa) out the public moneys,
on Treasury drafis,made in pursuance of law 1 hey
provide minute and e ffectual guards and penalty
to protect the saiety of the funds of the nation in the
hands of these officers.
These, su-, are the clear and simple provisions of
the bill. They are shrouded in no mystery They
admit of no equivocal construction    The darkness
m which they have been enveloped, has been
thi own over them by the diversified and contradic-
tor commentaries of Senators over the way.
The discontinuance of banks as public deposito-
ries, is but a recurrence to the early Constitutional
administration of the financial affairs of this Go-
vernment. The Federal Constitution recognises
the existence of no bank, eilhei State or National.
It contemplates the agency of no bank in the ma-
nagement of oui financial affairs It does authorize
the appointment of officers for the collection, safe-
keeping, and disbursement of the public revenue
Banks were an aftei-thought with the fiist Se-
cretary of the Treasury of the United States. lie
proposed a National Bank, hut not as a fiscal
agent and depository ot the public moneys. The
merchants, the men of wealth, the speculators,
joined himm «mppoiiol a National Bank The
measure was opposed by the Secretary oi State,
the gieat Apostle of Republican libeily, and by the
representatives of the agticultuial and producing
interests of the nation These were boi ne down
by the antagomstical mtotcMs The bank was
established Yet, su, collectors, recorvéis, com-
missioners ol loans, and other icceiving and dis-
bursing ofheers wcie cieatcd, and they liad, toa
great extent, the custody of the public mone)s du-
ring the existí nee of the old National Bank. We
heard nothing then of the danger of ti ustmg the
public oüiocis with the receipt and disbuisement
ot the national levcnue. We heaid nothing of
the superior vmue and safety ol banks as fiscal
agents and depositories e>f the public money
Itiscutam, then, that in dispensing with the
use of banks, as our fisc al agents, we adopt no un-
lned expeument We simply go back to the con-
stitutional provision on the subject We rely up-
on the officers of the General Government for the
tiansaetion of the fm.tnci il and other business of
thai Gov eminent
We aie told, ¡>ir, that the pioposed sjstem is to
involve the nation m a vast annual expense and
thai it will largely ineiiMse the palionage of the
Executive The honorable Senator fiom Vnginia
|Mr Rtvis] ventured to suggest, upon authority
which he deemed good, that the expense of this In-
dependent Treasury would amount to six hundred
thousand eU'llars pei annum Sir, it is difficult to
answer de-claiations so fanciful and aelventurou',
except by a direct denial The bill creates but
four or five new offieeis, anil authon/e  the ap-
pointment of some additional clerks The collec-
tor of customs, the land office uceivcis, the post-
masters, altcady in exislenei, aie to perform the
duties required tobe peiformcd h\ this bill, without
any additional compensation To these aie added
a few icceiveis genual, ami peihaps fifteen or
twenty clerks 'Ihe most exttavigant estimate
cannot mike the annual expense moie than fifty or
sixty thousand efidlars pet annum The transfei ol
the public deposites tiom the hanki to the public
officers, will be an t xtemave reduction of Executive
pitronage It takes trom the President the§mcans
of influence ove r seventy oi eighty powerful bank-
jug in titutions, tniir office is, their clerks, their
directors and stockholders, and adds no increase of
the means of influence over the existing officers of
the Government The bill is an honorable and a
manly surrendei by the President o[ extensive
patronage, to ptomote the public welfare, and to
protect the purity of the free instant ons and admi-
nistration ot the country Inste id of that patronage,
he obtains the power to nomínale four receivers
general, with salaries too small, I fear, to secure
talc n's and charactei adequate to the proper dis-
' barge ol their duties. In this view of the subject,
the President has exercised a degiee of self-denial
which has no parallel, except m the administration
of Mi Jeff-rson Sir, the coneluei of the Pre-
side nt of the United .Slates, on this subject, is
eharictenstic of the man Since his accession
to ih Lxecutue chan, he has shown no dis-
position <o increase Executive patronage lie
has evinced a maikecl lespect to the Consti-
tution of his countiy, a deep devotion to us wel-
fare, a moderation and temper admirably fitted to
the discreet and enlightened administration oí the
affairs of the Government. And how the honora-
ble Senator from Kentucky, while professing re-
spect for the man, coald'tadalge himself In an
expression of detestation for such a Chief Magis-
trate, I am at a loss to understand, unless an ex-
planation may be found in the party feeling and
the Presidential ambition of the distinguished Sena-
tor. The average expense paid to the deposite
banks for their agency in. receiving and disbursing
the publics moneys, would amount, on the most
moderate calculation, to three or four hundred
thousand dollars per annum. They would have
the constant use of six or eight millions of dollars;
and that, at six per cent, would be equal to about
half a million a year. The Independent Treasury
system will, therefore, dimmish both the Executive
patronage and the expenses of the Government.
It will, mfflj judgment, have another still more
valuable effect. By exacting a solid and substan-
tial currency in the collection of the public revenue,
and in the disbursement of the public moneys, it
will keep the general currency of the country in a
sound condition It will restrain the spirit of spe-
culation and extravagance in trade. It will pre-
vent the accumulation of large surpluses in the
Treasury. It will render necessary a more eco-
nomical and republican system of public expendi-
ture It xvill lighten the bui dens of the people It
will compel the solvent banks to resume specie
payments, and it will coeice the insolvent banks to
xvtnd up their affairs and close their doors. Instead
of realizing the fallacious assertion, that this Sub-
Treasury system will give one currency to the Go-
vernment, and a worse currency to the people, it
will have the effect of securing to both a substan-
tial currency; and it will put an extinguisher upon
the dishonest system of banking upon mere paper
capital, without a specie basis. With a gold and
silver basis, banking is a source of advantage and
piospenty to any commercial country Without
them, banking is a pestilence to such a country.
It is not true, sir, that we aie waging war upon the
valuable institutions of the country. It is not true
that we make war upon all banks, so lately digni-
fied into the chaiacter of institutions of the States.
We are opposed to the mere paper coiporations
called banks, when they have no solid capital. We
consider and know them, in that condition, to be a
great public and private evil. But we are in favor
of banks conducted on sound principles, respecting
the law, keeping up to their chaiter obligations,
and redeeming their plighted faith to the public.
But, sir, we are told, that in separating the Go-
vernment from the banks, xve separate it from the
people They who hazaid this declaration, cannot
themselves believe it How can the Government
be separated from the people1* It derives its ex-
istence from the people. It depends upon the affec-
tions, the sympathies, and confidence of the people,
for the duration of its power. It is preposterous
to charge us with the design to separate the Govern-
ment from the people. The charge presupposes
us to be fools and madmen It presupposes
another absurdity. It presupposes, the banks and
the people to be identical We all know that this
assumption is fallacious It has no platform to
stanel unon The banks are estabhshecl by a very
small number of the people. They are sought to
be established by men who want credit, by the few
who have capital, and by a small number of the
merchants, by brokers and speculators. A small
portion of the stock only is held by persons desi-
rou , of realizing modérale and regular incomes,
from what they suppose to be good and safe in-
vestments The widow and the orphan may occa-
sionally have their money placed in banks, and are
sometimes stockholders m them But the great
mass of the people, the productive classes, the
bone and smew of the country, have no stock in
banks, no interest m them, no identity with
them They feel their operations, chiefly from
the sudden expansion and contraction of loans;
fiom equally sudden changes in the circulat-
ing medium of the country, irom the scar-
city or superabundance of money, which is often
suddenly produced by the management of the
banks, by the gross abuses which creep into them.
The prices of produce are affected by like means.
The banks are identical with the people only while
they strictly obey the law, only while they promptly
redeem their bills, when called upon, with gold and
