Feb. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
183
25th Covg-'"2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Tipton.
Senate.
products of human labor. We should not forget
that pioduction is regulated by demand, and that
both arc affected by the amount of currency, com-
pared with the number of articles to be exchanged
through its agency. It will readily be perceived
that an ineiea.«e of the currency of a State by the
substitution of paper, even when convertible into
com, gives vigor to productive industry, and will
melase the "'lantily of exchangeable commodities
beyond whaL ould otherwise have existed. Under
these circumstances, the sudden rejection of paper
currency, as proposed by the Sub-Twasury bil!,
rannot fail 'o derange all the business of the coun-
try, bj dm- h '„ the quantity of currency, whilst
ti e diiic'e  i it exchanged through Us agency w1'
sufier no diminution.
The currency of this country has been greatly
increased within, the last ten years, by the employ-
ment of paper, founded, it is true, originally on a
metal he basis. Within the last year this paper has
cased to be convertible into specie, and asm many
instances no systematic effort was at first made to
prevent excessive issues, paper soon became redun-
dant, and, consequently, decreased in value. Not-
withstanding the present depreciation, there can be
no doubt that public works have been commenced
by States, and that the prudent and industrious part
of the community have been aided by the increase
ot the currency far bejond what would have taken
place had we been confined to a hard money cur-
renev alone.
Eiiorts are now being made by the banks to re-
sume sppcie papments. They are rap lly dimi-
nishing trie amount of pap r in circulation. It will
be foreseen that the relative value of money will
increase, and, of coiuse, that all other anieles
must decrease. This aerease in the v alue of mo-
ney will be followed by a fall in the price of all
articles that cannot be exported to places where
money is more abundant. And, in the progress of
these operations, the price of exportable articles will
also be affected by the reduction of the currency,
and the quantity of exchangeable articles will also
be d.mimsbed. While currency is evidently in-
creasing in value, the manufacturer will not hazard
his can'tal m producing article?, the price of which
is declaim , manufactured goods of various kinds
will have to be imported from abroad, at prices
demanded there, where moneys is moie plenty, and
which, of c urs , cannot be afforded as cheap as if
manufactured at Lome. The merchant dare not
purchace his u nal supplv of fie h poods while ex-
changes are high, and the danger of being com-
pelled to part with them at reduced pnces is staring
him in the face. Under these circumstances, all
the money in the country will be required to
pay debts already contracted No one will em-
bark in enterprises of any kind until this currency
question 's settled To effect thtsdesnable object,
th  ¡nuii action of the General and S'ate Govern-
ment, is requisite. The States are doing their
pir',by correcting the en irs that have crept into
tlieinamgcment of their banking institutions, and
preparrg to pay specie for then paper, ii the
General Government will honor the papei of the
' we-puing banks of the States by leceivmg it
in pajment of public dues, confidence will be re-
Mored, and business revived. In currency, like all
the business of life, no matter what we possess, the
possession affords but little enjoyment without
confidence.
I am opposed to any further experimenting on
the currency, and wish to íestore things to what
they were a few jears ago. The paper system, as
genflcnvn call it", is not new to us; it has existed,
m srme form, fiom the foundation of the Govern-
ment. The value of property, of labor, of provi-
sions, of every commodity in all the business of
hie, has ulation to ths paper credit system, and
how are we to get clear of it at this late day? Our
roads, our canals, all our pubbc works, are con-
structed on credit. Why should it create surprise
if we sus'am the «edit system1 We know that it
)« sometimes liable to abuse; but, hoping to profit
by experience, and to correct the evils complained
of, we cannot give it up. The Legislatures of
many of the States are now in session; every mail
brings: us news of steps taken b> them to investi-
gate the condition of the banks, and guard against
future abuses in. their management. Our banks
want but judicious kindness, ®r, I might say, the
justice, of this Government extended to them, to
enable them to do all that their friends can expect
of them, to wit: furnish a sound currency.
Without bank credit it would have been impos-
sible for the new States of the West to grow and
increase m wealth, population, and business, as we
know they have done between the years 1820 and
1832. Prior to 1820 the public lands wete sold at
a credit. In that year the cash system was
adopted. Emigrants from the old States to the
West were generally poor and destitute of Tears
to pay for public ¡and. Whue the Gc er ,.*■"'
sold its land on credit, the purchasers bought on
credit; but when the system was changed ta cash
payment, they borrowed moDey from the banks,
bought lands from the United States, improved them
by their own industry, and when they raised a sur-
plus of produce on their farms, they sold that sur-
plus in the markets of the lo ver country, paid their
bank debt, and became independent citizens of the
country. Thousands now own land, who, had
it not been for bank credit, probably never would
have been able to purchase a permanent home for
their families. Equally beneficial has bank credit
been to the planters of the Sou'hern States, their
practice, I am told, is to diaw on the banks in
favor of their merchants at Natchez or New Or-
leans, payable in six months, and depending upon
the return of their crops to pay the.r bank draft .
By these means they stock their plantations with
hands, farming utensils, and provisions. This
gives a spi.ng to the planting interest, by which
millions are rea'ized. The Western States of Ohio,
Kentucky, Indiana, and Il.mo s, want money ol
equal va'ue every where. The farmer- and gra-
ziers of these States v end th^ir supp tes in the
lower, countrj markets. It ,s importar that thev
should receive money winch w ill no' decrease n
value every ¡>tep ihey take on t.ie r retu-n to the^r
homes. There they have to pay this monej to
the merchants who purchase their goods m the
Eastern cities, and it is of the utmost importance
that the money thus received in New Orleans
should answer the purpose of the merchant to pay
for his goads m New York.
In 1834-5, while our banks were in favor with
the General Government, all went on harmonious-
ly. The President, in his messages, and the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, m his reports, were extolling
these institutions to the skies for the ability and
fidelity with which they transmitted and disbursed
the public revenue, and regulated exchanges- the
banks were prosperous, and our country flourished.
The banks were encomaged by the Executive to
giant commercial facibues; they did so, in bene
instances, impriidentiv, no doubt, but un'bitunaiely
they incurred the displeasure oí th.s Go,eminent,
and what followed' Whv, sir, the Treasury or-
der of the 11th oí Julv, 1S3B' This eider created
alarm foi the safeU of the banks, the note holders
lost confidence in them; a rush was made upon
them lor hatd monej to pa} for lands; and they, in
self-defence, closed their doois, an! bv no one
should they be blamed Í <r so doing. Should i'.e
banks open theii vaults and paj specie for their I
notes in the present unsettled state of the pub'ic
miad and of the business of the country, they nrght
continue for a few days, pethaps week^, when the
last dollar would be drained fiom their cofleis, and
they be compelled to close their doors forever
Embarrassments will occasionally happen m every
country, from which r requires an effort of th*
people and wise legislation to euncate them. We
were oveitaken by similar enibcirassmenu, in our
country soon aftei the last war, tioin which we weie
leheved by the joint efforts of the General and Sia'e
Governments operating on thecurrencv. It will
not be denied that the Dank of the United Siites
was on the very veige of ium in 1819, m conse-
quence of the commercial and fiscal embarrass-
ments of that day. A committee of Congress in-
vestigated lis concerns, and by the report made to
the House of Representatives by Mr. Spencer, of
New York, on the 24th day of February, 1830,
both the people and then representatives were in-
formed of the true condition of that institution. A
«form ¡n the management of the bonk took place;
the favor shown it by the General Government
restored it to the confidence of the people; and from
that period to the expiration of its charter, the paper
of that institution ana of the Slate banks, famished
us both a safe and convenient currency at par every-
where, from Boston to New Orleans, and. converti-
ble, at the will of the holder, into specie. Western.
people, who sold their produce tt New Orleans, re-
ceived in payment the paper of the Bank of the
United States, which was at par in all the western
States and the eastern cities. It is a return to such
times and such a currency that I advocate. The
united States Bank charter has expired. We must
now depend on the small quantity of precious metal
that, in the course of trade with other nations,
would fall to eur share, (and that is about
$75,000,000,) or upon the paper issued by the State
institutions, or both, to supply the place of the
United States Bank paper. If our banks are pro-
perly conducted and favored by the General Go-
vernment, their paper will supply the people of
each State with a sound and convenient currency;
but if the Executive and Congress set their faces
against the State institutions, they will destroy
them.
It the Sub-Treasury bill should become a law,
you will first lock up §40,000,000 of this public re-
venue from circulation: secondly, by tie rejection
of bank paper, you will force an unnatural collec-
tion of the whole amount of the revenue m hard
money. Itgoes into your"Sub-Treasury, and can-
not be used as currency by the people nntü it passes
to them through the hands oí the public officers.
B} thus withdrawing from circulation the revenue
of the United Slates, amounting to fortv-eight rnfr-
hons, you will so dimmish the quantity of currency
as to depress the price of property and labor to less
than one-fifth its present value.
The rev enue of the Um'ed States, amounting to
forty-eight millions of dollars, has heretofore been
kept and disbursed through the agency of the banks,
and formed no inconsiderable part of the currency.
The question now to be determined is, by whose
agency shall these operations be conducted hereaf-
ter? The Senator from New York (Mr. Wrjiht)
is for she Sub-Treasury; the honorable member from
Virginia (Mr. Rives) is for the State bank system.
I have the most profound respect for the judgment
and sagacity of the gentleman from Virginia, but
I cannot place the same unbounded confidence in
the ability of the State banks to regelate exchanges,
both foreign and domestic, that he does. Of the
integrity and ability of a majority of them to re-
deem their paper I have no doubt; hut h is contra-
ry to the nature of things to suppose that twenty or
th-ny State institutions, each independent cf tha
o n r, acting under different boards of directo*,
ciiiu'nng theittierests of different stockholders and
different sections of the count.y. each possessing
principles, m some measure, antagonistical to the
others, cm, with the same faciUiy, transmit and dis-
burse the puolic revenue as we have seen was done
by the late Bank of the United State?. Should one
of our planters or farmers, on making sale of their
produce at New Oileans for hard money, place it
in deposite in the State Bank of Louisiana, (foi in-
stance,) and be compelled to purchase a draft on
Chail-ston or New York, he would have to pav a
premium. The Bank of Louisiana would be able
to di aw a draft on any place within the limits of
that S'ate, bat it is contrary to the nature of things
to suppose it would have funds or credit, on wmch
r cou d draw, at Charleston, Louisville, or Boston,
w -thorn charging higher ra'es of exchange than the
We-lern people formerly paid when the Bank of
the United States exisfed. The Senator from Vir-
ginia thinks there was no failure m ¡he State banks
to answer alt the purposes of depositories.
When the question of regulating the deposites
the public money with the State banks, and of dis-
tributing the surp'us revenue among the Sta'es,
was before the Señale at the first session of the
24th Congress, I opposed the provision for regu-
lating the deposites in the State banks. These pro-
positions, however, were connected, and we fiad
to take that part of the bill regulating the deposites
with the Slate banks, to get the distribution part
through the Senate. After many fruitless attempt ,
by the friends of distribution, to separate these pro-
