lí
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Fei 1838.
25rn Cong-«"2nd Sess.
Malting public officers depositaries—Mr. Tiplon.
Senate.
positions, I-voted, under duress, fo>- the bill as it
became a law. We now have to determine be-
tween the State banks and the Sub-Treasury, as
depositories of the pubhc money. The former is
preferred foi two reasons. 1st. The banks are or-
ganized under authouty from the States, the peo-
ple have vested a portion of their capital m these
instituting, they depend on their paper to supply
them a sound currency; the legislation of Congress
has much influence on the ciedit of these institu-
tions, especially in the Western States, wheie the
General Government is the great land-holder
The Western people, to use their own language,
want land office money; money that is not receiv-
able in the land offices is always from five to ten
per cent below par. 2d. The Sub-Treasury is new
and untried, and it contemplates the rejection of
bank paper m payment for public dues. Should
this be adopted, it will diminish the currency, de-
stroy all confidence in banks and credit, cripple
agriculture and commerce, and every other inte-
rest m society m the Western States.
The Western people are the earners between the
North and the South; they sell their produce m the
South, and buy goods m the Northeast; it is evi-
dently their interest that exchanges should be mo-
derate, and money of equal value at both these
points. We should not think it strange to find
that the large States mthe East feel but little me-
rest in reducing the rate oí exchanges New York
has her safety fund banking sysiem, Pennsylvania
hei United States Bank, Viigima, too, has hei
banks All these States have large oommciei.il
cities, with seaports and harbors, into which foieign
goods are imported, and fiom which they ship their
produce or manufactured articles to foieign coun-
tries All their business can be itansaeted within
their own lire s, and with the paper of their own
banks. But how stands the case with the Western
met chant2 He has no port of entry, into which
foreign goods are imported If compelled to malte
his payments in hard money, the transportation to
the Eastern cities will be at least 5 per cent; should
he offer paper of our most solvent Western
banks, he must go to a broker and have them
shaved from 8 to 12 per cent, to piocure New Yoi k
currency. If the Western membcis of Congiess
propose a measure that will cheapen the late ol
exchanges, they have to contend against Hi fin
wealth and influence, and to <ombat the poweilul
delegations m Congn ss fiom all the Eastern Pti les
of the Union I do not contend that the piopo&ilion
of the Senator from Virginia is the bes1 that could
be offered, but we must take it as preferable to Ihe
Sub-Treasury b 11. One is to sustain and the other
to destroy the State institutions.
The Senator from Connecticut (Mr. Smith)
asked, what right have the State banks to demat d
support from this Government' Are they, said he,
under the control of the General Government'!
True, sir, these institutions are not under the im-
mediate control of the General Government, they
are the propetty of the people of the difierent
States We here ripiesent the States, and f have
always undeistood it to be the Democratic doc-
trine that the representative was amenable to the
constituent for his conduct. The General Go\ em-
inent is clothed by the Constitution with powei to
make war, to conclude treaties, to levy and col-
lect taxes This Government collects and dis-
burses the reienue of the nation, and is answerable
to the people and the States, and vi ill be by them
holden to strict accountability for the manner m
which these high trusts are dischaiged
The Senator from South Carolina, (Mr Cai -
itoiN,) to alarm our fears, said this combination
of banks, with Mr Biddle's bank at their head,
will be a mighty engine ofpouer, and will rule
the country I ask him to answer this question
Will these twenty-five or •'nity local banks, to be
selected by the Secretary of the Tieasury, with the
approbation of Congiess, and to be discontinued at
ihe pleasUH of Congress, be a more dangerous en
gtne of povia thui ihe 'ate Hank of the United
States or the Slate h inks wck^ The Bank of the
United States was put down by the consent of the
people, and the deposite banks are prostrate at the
feet of the General Government as the State banks
¡were in 1814, when Jifi? and vigor was restored to
the State niititutions by the Geiietal Govern-
m°nt.
The honoiable member told us that confidence
could not pa-, seventy-five millions of debt. From
the course ol his reasoning I undeistood him to
contend that banks have no substantial capital on
which their issues are based Does he not know
that banks, established under charters from the
States, must have a capital consisting of gold and
silver actually paid into then vaults before they
can issue a dol'ar of piper to encalate as money?
N© bank notes aie put m cticnlalion bat upon notes
of individuals, drawn and endorsed by men known
to the bank directors to be boih solvent and tiust-
worthy Will the Senator contend that a single
Treasury offieei is a safer dipositaiy for the public
treasure than a banking company, composed of a
president and dnectors,   ho nie interested m sus-
taining the solvency and credit of the institution
under then charge? Or is ho satisfied that the pub-
lic money, in deposite with the Bank of Indiana,
would be safei were it deposited with a hall dozen
receners of public moneys in the land offices of
that State'' The Bank of Indiana had a capital of
two millions ol dollars m speaie At the lime of
the suspension of specie payment its issues weie
about two and a li ill to one, since the suspension it
In-, reduced lis liabilities ovu eight liuiulled thou-
sand dollars At the time of suspending specie
piiment it hid near a million ol public money m
its vaults. Notwithstanding the suspmsion, that
bank lontinues to pav all the drafts diawn on it by
the Secretan of the Treasuiy, either in hard mo-
ney or in oilier par funds acceptable to the holcleis
of the Treasury diaft It has leduced its deposites
to about four hundred thousand dollars, and this
sum, I assure you, will be promptly paid when
called lor The public deposites have lather in-
jured than benefited that institution lam not an
advocate tor continuing the public deposites in that
bank, but I u.ll not consent to see th< United States
lefuse its paper in pa\ ment foi public dues
The Stall, Bank of Indiana can and will íesume
specie payment as soon as any othei western bank
«ill ii sumí I hive beioie mea repon of the
condition of that bank on the Sfllli of last month,
by vvhirh il is show n that on that day its bills ami
notes disionnlul amounted to $'),53(i,4n 20, gold
and sihei in bank $1,22'!,'H1 fi'), circulation
<2 .'!2¿,'¡l)(i; excess ol circulation over gold and sil-
vei is ¡,1 u'l'l  PH :¡ 1 'lli, Siat,. on m, half the
capital of Ihe h ink,and is bound for the redemption
of its paper The pioneity of the dnectors is also
bound. You mil pcrc< ive that the Stale, the pii-
vale fortunes of the dim mis, and theiapital of the
bank, as well as the security for individual notes
and hills di counted, are ar, all bound for payment
of the public monej depo*iled in that bank Will
gentlemen contend that a Sub-Treasury officer is a
saler depositary foi the public treasure than a bank
thus constructed'' I think not They will tell us
tint bank' will sp<enlate on the public monej I
tell ihrtntlntTn isiiry officers are quite as liable
to tins," ii mpiations as those who have the rnanage-
iTunt of our Slab banks By the bill under con-
sideration his mid, the duty of the Secretary ol
lli^Trca uri lo rausc tin books and money in pos-
sessioi if vour Siib-Trcasutv office is, to be exa-
mined once ni'aeh v<ar This will requite the
appointment of swaims of agents ol the Tieisury,
to travel mloeveiy quarter of ihi country, ard they
must bo pud from the Treasuiy for their services
It is plainly to be se, n that the bill, should it be-
en ne a law, provides for quartering on the Trea-
sury swatms of olficers and agents of the General
Government, which, if not quite so numerous as
the locusts were in Egypt, we have reason to fear
will proveas sore a scourge to us as the locusts
were to the Egyptians
The Senator from South Carolina (Mr Caí-
moik,) contends that banks will issue on the pub-
lic depositPs to advance the interests of thestoik-
boldeis, and contract thi'ir issues lo facilitate spe-
culations This «as the (ase with Ihe Bank of
the Unite 1 States, as shown by the report uhich I
al uded to some t.me ago, and a may again happen
if not prevented by those whose duty and interest
required them to preserve the credit of these insti-
tutions     I have a cure, su, for all these evils, by
keeping the State banks to a constant and rigid ac-
countability by weekly settlements, making it the
duty of the deposite banks to settle their accounts
at the close of each week, allowing them to collect
the balances due from debtor banks m specie, and
compelling them to place the balance due to the
Government to its credit as so much specie on spe-
cial deposite. If this course is adopted, it will
effectually pievent banks from issuing on the pub-
lic deposites.
The directors of the banks are generally men of
the first standing m society, who have both reputa-
tion and private fortune at stake, and if brought up
to rigid accountability, will not touch your public
moneys, unless it be to receive them on special de-
posite, and charge for the risk and safe-keeping,
and to pay them over when called for
The Senator from South Carolina pronounced
ihe proposition of the member fiom Virginia to
be unconstitutional, and had passages read from
the Constitution of the United States to sustain
his position. I will not detain' the Senate to give
another version of that mstiument: let every one
lead and understand that instrument for himself.
1 am at a loss for words to express my astonish-
ment when I heard this declaration boldly made
on the floor of the Senate, by the champion of the
United Slates Bank, and of the paper sysiem of
1816 What was constitutional, expedient, and
pioper with him then, is unconstitutional now. He
must siucly have been right at one time. How
is this to be reconciled' I leave the honorable
member to explain this position, among others. In
1816, the peopleconfided in his judgment, and were
not disappointed. But, sir, he is asking too much
lf he expects the people to follow and confide m
him upon every occasion when he may see fit to
change his political course I hope he will not
take it unkind in me if I tfll him, that he, like the
banker makes too heavy drafts on his capital, we
cannot longer honor them, we are constrained to
withdraw that confidence we íeposed m him in
times gone by. He is, on this question, on the
side ii the Administration, and I take the other
side, believing that sound policy and the interest
ol the State I serve require me do so.
With regard to the banks of the District of
Columbia I need say but a word. Other Sena-
tots are better acquainted with them than I pre-
tend to be, and will in due time inform us. I have
been favored with a statement of the condition of
one of these institutions, which is to be satisfac-
tory Although it does not appear to be doing a
very extensive and profitable business foi the,
stockholders, it has given the best proof that it"
was equal to the emergency. This institution, I
learn, was icady and willing to pay specie foi its
paper last June, within one month after Ihe sus-
pension, but it was thought best to wait, and see
what other banks ivoukl do Ii resumed on th<*
1st of September, and continues to pay specie for
its notes The officers of this bank are enti led to
the thanks of this community, and the Bank of
Washington deserves a renewal its charter Those
who have conducted it through the late storms
have given proof of whalprudent and honest men
can do, whose object is rather to be useful to a
whole community than lo act on the selfish prin-
ciple of monopolizing wealth to stockholders, at
the r xpense ot the community. They se m to
have been governed more by principle than by in-
terest.
I cannot suppoit the Sub-Treasury bill without
its friends will make some important alterations,
md the first alteration that I desire, if the bill is to
become the law of the land, is a provision to re-
ceive the paper of specie paying banks in payment
ol public dues.
I am aware that by separating from a majority
of the political parly with which I have acted, and
intend to act, where I can, separating from them
only where 1 must, I subject myself to misappre-
hension, and, ol course, to be misrepresented by
those who do not understand me. I am not alone.
Others, who share a much larger pctrtion of the
people's confidence than has fallen to me, think
and will act as I do. The small band of Conserva-
tives, often referred to m this debate, have taken
the ground pointed ou,t by an approving conscience^
