Jan. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
184
25th Cong----2nd Sbss.
Heirs of Robert Fulton—Mr. Russell.
H. of Reps.
trusting to the approbation of oar constituents,
which we value much higher than party.
While on the subject, I hope the Senate will
bear with me while I say a word in relation to my-
self. I do not owe my place here to party or parly
organization; before I was appointed to a seat on
this floor, I made known to those who held the ap-
pointing power, in terms that could not be misun-
derstood, and will not now be controverted, that
my views on banks and the currency were essen-
tially different from those of the Chief Magistrate
of that day. In separating from the late or pre-
sent Administration on the eurrency question, I
claim exemption from party trammels.
I trust I have said enough to show that the sys-
tem of State bank deposites is preferable to the
bill reported by the committee; and having very
briefly touched on some of the topics before the
Senate, I will close my remarks.
REMARKS OF MR. RUSSELL,
Of New York,
In the House of. Representatives, January 9, 1838 —
On the question ordering the bill for the relief of
the heirs of Robert Fulton to a third reading.
Mr. RUSSELL said, having been a member of
the Committee of Claims, which had reported this
bill to the House, and not having been able to con-
cur with that committee in that report, he felt him-
self called on to give to the House the reasons for
his dissent. This bill proposes to give to the heirs
of Robert Fulton the sum of one hundred thousand
dolíais, for services alleged to have been rendered
by Mr. Fulton to the United States, and for the de-
tention of his steamboat Vesuvius at New Orleans,
from the 30th December, 1814, to the 12th of
March, 1815, both days inclusive. The amount of
this claim, the peculiar basis upon which it rests, the
time and circumstances accompanying its presenta-
tion, and the factitious aid which had been infused
into the examination of it, rendered a calm and
dispassionate examination peculiarly desirable: and,
sir, (said Mr. R.) while I assure you that I enter
upon it with no unkind feelings towards the indivi-
dual whose personal merits are so intimately
mingled with ihe discussion of the bill that they can
hardly be separated, yet, sir, in the discharge of ihe
duties confided to me, I shall examine it with free-
dom, and with an anxious desire to arrive at a just
and equitable result; and while, on the one hand,
1 shall indulge no time-serving sympathies incon-
sistent with the public interest, on the other hand, my
purpose will be to secure a liberal adjustment of
the claim in question. This bill, sir, presents to
the ordinary observer but an index to the claim
■which lies beyond it: the labyrinth in which it is
enveloped must be carefully traversed in its
various windings, and the deceptive guise which
time or accident may have thrown around it
drawn aside, that in sober reality we may
examine its merits. In canvassing this claim,
my colleagues on the committe, or such of
them as concurred in this report, will claim for
themselves (as the chairman has already done) the
right of presenting the reasons which have induced
them to view this demand in a more favorable light
than the mmorty thought themselves authorized to
do; and they will not fail, I am sure, sir, to extend
to the minority that courtesy which they claim for
themselves. The lime has been when this claim
ivas not involved in that obsGurity which now sur-
rounds it. Contemporaneous circumstances and
evidence which would have presented the clai'i in
its true character may well be presumed now to be
lost by time or accident, or those from whom a
more perfect relation may have been obtained have
descended to the tomb. Sir, allow the principle to
prevail, that lapse of time strengthens the demand,
originally of doubtful merit, and I ask, you, sir,
■what period will you fix for the consummation of
that right which in its origin was worthless?
That you may be enabled to judge, sir, how far
this claim falls within the latter description, I will
present to you briefly the facts disclosed. We are
informed by the Secretary of the Navy, in his re-
port, under date of the 3d of January, 1837, that in
1810 the sum of $5,000 was advanced by the Go-
vernment to Mr. Faltón. In that same report he
also informs us, that in the year 1814 the Govern-
ment advanced to Mr. Fulton another sum of
$40,000; and as to this item, it will be found that
the amount was furnished under a written contract,
bearing date on the 27th day of December, 1814,
between the then Secretary of War and Mr. Ful-
ton; that, to enable Mr. Fulton to bring into opera-
tion the steamboat Vesuvius and others specified in
the contract, this sum of 040,000 was advanced.
In this contract it is stipulated "that during the
present war with Great Britain and these United
Stales, and until said $40,000 shall be repaid or
satisfied to the United States, by the passage of
troops or freight in said steamboats, or in the mo-
ney circulating medium of the United States, all
officers and troops finding their own provisions and
bedding shall be transported in the steamboats from
Louisville to New Orleans, down the stream, for
ten dollars each, and from New Orleans to Louis-
ville, up the stream, for twenty dollars each; in all
cases of shorter distance, each person shall be
tiansported for one cent a mile down the stream,
and two cents a mile up the stream. Ordnance
and military stores, and munitions of war belong-
ing to the United States, which can be conveyed in
steamboats, (and of which the captain shall be the
judge,) shall be transported down the stream from
Louisville to New Orleans for one dollar per ton
for one hundred miles, or up the stream at the rate
of three dollars per ton for each hundred miles."
In this contract there is a further provision that
" if within five years from this date, (27th Decem-
ber, 1814,) the said sum of forty thousand dollars
shall not have been earned, and compensated to
the Government of the United States, by the trans-
portation of troops and transport of munitions of
war as aforesaid, the whole or any deficiency of
said forty thousand dollars not satisfied, as afore-
said, shall be paid by the said Robert Fulton and
the stockholders in said boats to the Government of
the United States." Thus, Mr. Speaker, you have
presented the items composing the demand of the
Government against Mr. Fulton, which, in the
language of the Secretary of the Navy, are "specific
and ceitain,''presenting an aggregate of $45,000.
It should be borne in mind that the appropriate
duties of the Committee of Claims are specific,
limited, and well defined, and, m the language of
legislation, comprise only such claims of a pecu-
niary nature as ordinarily arise between the Go-
vernment and its citizens, arising upon contract,
either express or implied, and such only as may be
reduced in practice to resaonable certainty. In
proportion to this duty imposed is ¡he responsibility
increased; and if they are permitted to transcend
the one, they assume a responsibility which should
not be cast upon them, and which appropriately
belongs to the other standing committees of this
House. And, sir, it is the scrupulous vbsei-vance of
this discrimination of the appropriate duties and re-
sponsibilities of the respective standing com mittees of
this House which has induced this whole land, from
Maine to Florida, to become vocal with praise to the
distinguished chairman of that committee; and I
¡-ubmit whether it is for the interest of the people of
the United States to allow an assumption of power
not delegated by law or well-regulated custom ¡o
any functionary of this Government or any depart-
ment thereof. Would you allow the Committee
for the District of Columbia to exercise a supervi-
sory control, or to take cognizance of the military
operations of your Government, or to grant pen-
siona or annuities, or erect monumen's to ihe
memory of departed worth? Are there not appro-
priate standing committees for these purposed If
there are not, raise a select committee for the
specific purpose, and then this House and this na-
tion will hold such committee responsible for the
recommendations which it shall make. So far as
the items brought to your notice, and the claims of
Mr. Fulton against the Government for services
rendered and moneys expended, which properly
form the subject of reciprocal credit, are concern-
ed, they were properly referable to the Committee
of Claims; and beyond that I submit whether they
should have taken cognizance. If, sir, as has
been slated by the gentleman from Ohio,(Mr. Whit-
tlesey,) "the i/iing to be paid for was not bodily
exertion or mere mechanical superintendence, that
it was talent, that it was invention, that it was
ingenuity," for which compensation is asked—
be it so, sir, for the purpose of this disctwsion—are
these proper items of account to be submitted to
the Committee of Claims? Can yon, sir, by any
known rule of compensation practised by that com-
mittee, arrive at any certain result, taking these par-
ticulars for the basis of your calculations? The
mere statement of them shews that the appropri-
ate reference of this part of the claim was to a
select committee. But, sir, Mr. Fulton stands in-
debted prima facie to the Government of the United
States m the sum of $45,000; and how is that pre-
tended by the advocates of this bill to hare been
discharged? Why, it is said, "he has rendered im-
portant services to the country, and to the world
of mankind." Sir, though I cannot yield to
him the entire merit claimed, it is not my
purpose to withhold a more than ordinary meed of
approbation. That he had talents and mechani-
cal powers, and a mind well adapted to the in-
vestigation of scientific pursuits, which elevated
him above many of his contemporaries, and that he
possessed industry and enterprise entitling him to
high praise, most, if not all, will admit; and that
these considerations should invoke a liberal exami-
nation of his claims will, no donbt, be conceded.
But, sir, there is a point in legislation beyond
which liberality cannot be indulged without en-
countering an epithet which few would be emulous
to acquire. Others whose interests have been con-
fided to the safe-keeping of this Government are
involved in this matter; and before an appropria-
tion of this large amount should be made, it will
become those who are entering upon it to exa-
mine the basis upon which it can be founded, and
discriminate clearly between paying a debt and
making a donation. So far, then, sir, as matters
of account are concerned, allow me for a moment
to consider it. Under the contract of the 27th of
December, 1814, the Vesuvius was to be used as a
transport for certain troops and munitions of war,
at and about New Orleans, at a fixed rate of com-
pensation; and the rule which has been generally,
¡f not universally, applied by the Committee ,of
Claims, and with the approbation of Congress,
has been, that when boats or other property have
been taken into the service of the Government,
under a contract with the owner for a stipulated
compensation, such boat or other property has
been at the risk of the owner. Can any one doubt
the propriety of this as a general rule? And is
there any well-founded reason for allowing this
case to form an exception to that general regula-
tion? Such regulations, upon which the rights of
citizens are made to depend, to be just should be
general, and all made to conform to them. Now,
sir, apply that principle to this case, and it is thought
no remuneration can be allowed. Upon this prin-
ciple, if the boat, on her passage from New Or-
leans to Louisville, had been captured and de-
stroyed by the enemy, or she had foundered
from the perils of the voyage, or stranded upon the
rocks, her loss must have been sustained by the
owner, and the Government, according to the esta-
blished rule of legislation by this Government,
would have been under no obligation to make re-
paration. And, if the article of agreement is at
all to be regarded, does not this ease fall clearly
within that rule? But, sir, suppose it does not, and
you subject the Government to all that can reason-
bly be claimed for the use and damages ol this
boat. It is stated that she was pressed into the ser-
vice of the Government by General Jackson, on
the 30th of December, 1814, at New Orleans,
(though this is denied by him, as appears by his let-
ter to the committee,) and on the night of that day-
she grounded on the balture at the upper part of the
city, where she remained until the lath of March,
1815. At this time G. Knights was the quarter-
master general at New Orleans, where the follow-
ing account was presented to him for payment:
1.   For transporting on board the Vesu-
vius, in the spring of 1815, a part
of the Kentucky troops from New
Orleans to Natchez           -           -   §2,025 00
2.  For mattresses and pillows taken
from the boat for the use of the
sick          -           -           -                    390 0Q
