188
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLBE.
m< 18&.
25th Con&--"2nd Sfss.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
of his steamboat Ve<*uviuo, itnpiessed 111(0 iht- &trvne of thi.
United States, nnd detauud liom the 30di oí De embei lhll 11
the 12th March, 1815 both days inclusive dud for the damage
done lo said boat while she was agiouudat New Ol leans.
These claims were presented to Congiess m the
year 1829. No definite action was had upon them
until, by a joint resolution of the Senate and House
of Representatives, of the 9th of April, 1837, the
petition and papers were referred to the Secretary
of the Navy, to state an account. On the 3d oí
January, 3837, the Secretaiy made his leport,
showing the balance due the heirs, with a detailed
statement of the testimony and reasons to fouify
each item of the account, and it is the conclusion
arrived at by the Secretary, which the bill proposes
to adopt.
One item of the account, as stated by the Secre-
tary, is:
"1815 Damages foi the detention of the stetniboit teni
viue, from 30ih December, 1S14, to 12th Miren, 181r> «TO Ouo
This charge, sir, is sustained by ample testimony
The steamboat Vesuvius, measunng 356 tons, was
owned by Robert Fulton, and in the year 1814
was the only steamboat on the Ohio and Missis-
sippi rivers, between Louis'; lie, in Kentutkv, and
New Orleans This boat arrived at New ihleiiis
in the latter part of December, 1814. at the time
great alarm prevailed in consoquenoi ol the ap-
pearance of the British armv betoie th it (ity The
boat was, on the 30th of the sime month, nnpiess-
ed and taken into the seivice oí die UnHul Stalls,
for the transportation of troops and munitions ol
war, and detained until the 12th of MaicH tollovv-
mg. Robeson Detlart, who v as tei unandant ot
the Vesuvius at the t me of hei impiessmoiit, states,
on oath, "that as this was the only boat between
Louisville and New Oileans, her semots would
have been worth to her ownei, dur ug the caui-
paign, (which lasted between thne and iom
months,) from eight to nine hundred dollars per
day." Othei witnesses make the estimate still
higher. And it is worthy ol remark that these esti-
mates are not mere opinions, but aio based upon
the most accurate calculation ol the prolits tin-.
boat had been clearing m her xojages be'woen
Louisville and New Oileins
John De Hart, who commanded the bo it the fnl-
lowing year, states on oaih that, foi a poitit n of the
time during her lmpirssnHiit, hir s< mees would
have been woith fiom fifteen himdied to l«o thou-
sand dolíais per day, in come) ins; iiimlies and
valuable eftects up llic nvn, to cscipt lioiu the
supposed impending destruction ol that cily. lhi
Secretary, however, thinks the estimate"; too lush,
and says, "(hat as the Government have bien
lately paying at the rate ol ¡j>500 per diy for tin-
use oí a steamboat in the present campaign against
the Seminole Indians, when steamboats an- mu< h
more easily procured lhan they wen in 1R14 ami
1815, he thinks that $600 pel day foi tnc u < ■ I
the ¿oat would be a reasonable rompí nsition,"
which, with the estima e lor tin   ihim,'i don > iht
boat, he  puts  at $50,000     1   am  not dis|.....d lo
dissent from the judgment of ihc feet i ai j, hut my
opinion is, sir, iiom u e lestimon1 , th it ilu i i man
is too low.
The next item i", " Ihe use of Mi Fulton s pi-
tent right for constmctirg sleam ft,gales, $01,000 "
In relation to this item, md the one for "si i nits
as superintendent m building i steam fr.gate at
New York," the Secretary m his report, <4(s
"Mr ruhon«ecuied n Imuselfibe ujtf n! i } i < il I r fh
invention, the whole benefit of which hj-< mulle lu> ilu I mir I
States    A liberal estimate ol lire \aim in 1 im|   i in f   I hi
services in thi9 inverilion should hi a i i| to I
" The opinion  expressed unlit" t i| i i r in I minio i
ofaveiy high estimate of the value inliwioi imiinli n
venlion, and the Messis Robcu -ir I (.. i 1 s lulv|, i
theirletter ofthe3d of list momh i.\pri> i i r i mi nth a
thesum of$l00 000 should be twai It' to I mi- Mm "
for the use of his patentu^ht and iitii      f          ' " ''    '
Btrnclion of steam frigates     Although I ¡         i   <       d lfi
in the opinion of these senllcmu    y tltlur    H   u ' i"        i
too high, but I am iWhed   Irom the b   i c n si'     nil    in
give to the casp that fct>0 003 wouU btnn tnoit nun  i    i
able allowance lor the u e of ibis ¡ iu n 11* d   u«l i «P1  "
menta
"The Messrs Robert ml Qeoiee I ^n ij hi " He m
theirletter that in their opinion the sum of e 001) I i Mi
allowed as a compensation for the ^uvice, *' Ml ' " ' ' '"
superintendent in the construction ol the s! am hi an, t s w
York, and as this opinion is cmroborttcd by much Kstni ly
ID the case, I consider that sum a  a liberal and, at thi uní.
time,nomore than an ad, quale, allowance for Uicsj emu
Mr. Speaker, it has been usual for Congress to
purchase patents for inyentioss useful as an arm
oí national defence. In the session of 1836, by
special act, the sum of $90,000 was awaided to the
inventor for his interest in two patents, one a ma-
chine for elevating heavy cannon, and the other for
pointing cannon
From 1810 till the day of his dealh, in 1815,
Mr. Fulton was, a large poition ol his time, en-
gaged in the haibor of New York in piosecuting
and perfecting his plan for maritime defence
During the last war, his time, his talents and his
money weic actively engaged, and fieely bestowed,
m aiding the militaiy m the defence of lhat city,
and because he had patriotism enough lo enter the
workshops oí the mechanic, and superintend in the
construction of the steam frísate at New York,
without the promise of am compensation on the
part of the Government, and, as is said, without
the expectation of remuneiation.it is now proposed
by ni) colleague, [Mi Rnssin,]in his abundant
liberality, lo allow his children no compensation
loi those sen ices lie was engaged, as appeals
by the deposition of Thonns Moms, fiom twelve
to eighteen months in building it, and it was
the eipoMiio upon the decks ol ilns vessel dti-
nng its construction, nhuh piodttccd the dis-
ease lhat tetmiiiattd Ins valuible hie And,
sir, there is evidence to show that Mi Fulton
did not iiuenil to devolc his time and talent 
gi itHitously m the constitution of t!us> vessel
Theie is, among the pipéis, a proposal, in the tonn
ol a law ol Congress, m hi  own hand-writing,
lo loim a company consisting of Geneial Dear-
born, Dr Saitiml U Mm hell, Ilemy Rulgeis,
and others, lo build the steam frigate, and receive
a certain pei cent upon the cost of consliuction
This piopiiMlion, il would appeal, ihe Government
did not accept, and besides, during the time ol its
com ruclion, Mi Fulton had four steamboats
building at Pillsbingh, on ihe Ohio, which were
under Ihe superintendence ol agents But, sn, the
joint resolution ol the ¡senate and House ol Repre-
si ntatives of the Till April, l^.ifi, settles ibis point,
and directs the Seen ¡aiy ot ihe Navy lo ciedit the
hi irs ol Roben I'ulton, a compensation eomwu-
wtiate u ith tlir xa'uc and unpwtanrt vj Ini if? mcts tn
comtiurttnr the Hi am ftignleal Veil) \oik Undti
llns i<- oltilion Ihe 8<t lelaiy at ltd , and the follow-
ing is th< account, as hi pu nits it foi the action
ol Congiess
I aiiii! Stairs, in ncn nit mi'i tin JmnoJ Ituheil i'ui-
toii,   tlcci tsed
Dr
1 is 10 To mom v e\ p< m't tl hv Robert Fol-
ión in m iking t \pi iimcnls ioi co island
baiboi deknet by means ol torpedoes   - ¡fi.OOO
S it icesin iiiikingcxpenmeinsin the same,    .1,000
HI") Dim ut lot the ih Ionium ol llic
steamboat Vt uviiH (iom (lie Klili De-
(embti, 1SI4, lo 1'iih Alaiih, ISIS        - 50,000
I'll" nit oí Mi I niton's pileal right for
fonslnii ling stcain frigates    -                     60,000
S'i vices as nipt iiiitmdi nt m building a
sir tin fngite at Ni wYoik    -        -       - 21,000
$ 145,000
Ci
lilO By cash advanced for making ex-
p iinants foi (oast and harbor defence
bj torpedoes          -                  ... ^000
HI4      15} cash idvanred on contiat t to fit
i ut stuinboals.....40,000
j,r,,ooo
Bihnee m favor of  the heirs of Robcit
lulion......CI 00,000
Mr Spcakei, it is asked by my colleague why
11 sf claims have been permitted to sleep from the
d ai'  ol Mr 1'iinn, in 131" , till 1829, when llv y
\*er° first presented lo Congreso Sir, I will an-
sver lh,s «uestum In IsiO, a- appears by lh"
papers, a suit was commenced by the Government
against ihe peisonal leprcseutalwes oí Robert Tul
ion, in the district court for the southern dislnci of
NiwYork. These claims, or a portion of Ihe.n,
vveie interposed as a set-ofTin lhat suit, which was
not tried until the. month of February, 1836. Dur-
ing its pendency, therefore, these claims could not
have been presented to Congress. That suit was
brought to adjust the claim standing uncancelled
on Ihe books of the Treasury Department for mo-
neys advanced to Mr Fulton under a contract to
place four steamhoats on the Western waters dur-
ing the last war, a fulfilment of which contract
was rendered unnecessary by the return of peace.
At the trial in New York, the jury rendered a ver-
dict for the defendants, and were about certifying
a balance due the representatives of Mr. Fulton,
when they were informed that it would be irregular,
as the action was upon a sealed instrument. What
balance they were prepared to certify is not known.
But again . Mi. Fulton left four children, one son
and three daughters, who were minors a great por-
tion of this time.
Mr. Speaker, I am m favor of the bill. I re-
joice that an oppoitunity has been presented to ex-
press my unqualified approbation of its merits.
The intelligent and high minded constituency I re-
present will sustain me in the vote I propose to
give It will remain among the treasured íecollec-
tions of my Ufe that I have stood up m its defence,
and aided in dispensing national justice to the
orphan children of him who has contributed so
laigely to make us a great, prosperous, and happy
people
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
SPKRCHOF MR. CALHOUN,
Ot South Cakolin ,
In Senate, February 15,1838—Upon the bill "to im-
pose additional duties, as depositaries, upon cer-
tain public officers, to appoint Receiveis Geneial
of public money, and to regulate the safe-keep-
ing, transfer, and disbursement, of the public
moneys ol the United States."
I íegard this measuie, which has been so much
denounced, as very little more than an attempt to
carry out the provisions of the joint lesolution of
1616, and the deposite act of 1836. The former
provides that no notes but those of specie-paying
lauks shall be ícceived in the dues of the Govern-
ment, and the latter that such banks only shall be
the depositories of the public revenues and fiscal
agents of the Government, but it omitted to make
piovisions for the contingency of a general sus-
pension ol specie-payments, such as is the present
It followed, accordingly, on ihe suspansion m May
lasi, which totally scpaiated ihe Government and
the banks, that the revenues weie thrown into the
hands of the Executive, whore they have since re-
mained undei its exclusive control, without any legal
provision lor their safe-keepmg. The objectof this
bill is to supply this omission, to take the public
money out of the hands of the Executive, and
place it under the custody of the laws, and to pre-
vent the lenewal of a connection which haspioved
so uniortuuate to both the Government and the
banks But it is this measure, ongmating in an
exigency caused by our own acts, and that seeks
to make the mo^t of a change effected by operation
of law, instead of attempting to innovate, oi to
make another experiment, as has been eironeously
represented, which has been denounced under the
mmeoflhe Sub-Treasury with such unexampled
bitterness.
In lieu of this bill, an amendment has been of-
fered, as a substitute, by the Senator from Virgi-
nia, luithest from the chair,(Mr RiVES,)*htch he
inf irms us is the first choice of himselt and those
who agree with him, and the second choice of those
wi h whom he is allied on this question. If I may
ju Ige fiom appearances, which can hardly deceive,
he might have said their firsf choice, mder existing
ci oumstances, and have added, that, despairing of
a National Bank, the object of their pieference,
they have adopted his substitute, as the only prac-
tical alternative at present. We have, then, the
question thus narrowed down to this bill and the
proposed substitute. It is agreed on all sides, that
one or the other must be selected, and that to adopt
or i eject the one, is to reject or adopt the other.
The single question, then is, which shall we choose]
