Feb. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
193
25rH Cong«"*2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Calfwun.
Senate.
BANK—-a Government bank—the most extensive,
powerful and dangerous, that ever existed. This
sub->titute would be the act of incorporation; and
the privileges it confers, so much additional bank-
ing capital, increasing immensely its powers, and
giving it an unlimited control over the business
and exchanges of the country.
The Senator from Virginia (Mr. Rites) was
right in supposing that this new trial of the expe-
riment would be made under very different circum-
stances from the first, and would have a different
termination. That, too, like this, was a bank—a
Government bank, as distinguished from the late
bank, to which it was set up as a rival, and was at
the time constantly so designated m debate. But
the circumstances now are indeed different—very
different, and so would be the result of the experi-
ment. This bank would not be the same rickety
concern as the former. That ended in anarchy,
and this would in despotism.   I will explain.
The former failed not so much m consequence
of the adverse circumstances of the times, or any
essential defect in the system, as from the want of
a head—a common sensorium—to think, to will,
and decide, for the whole, which was indispensably
necessary to ensure concert and give unity of de-
sign and execution. A head will not be wanting
now. Mr Biddle's bank will supply the defect
His would be not only one of the resuming banks,
as I have shown, but would also be one of the
twenty-five to be «¡elected If there should be the
temerity to omit it. the present project would share
the iaie of its predecessor. Mr Biddle's bank, at
the head of those excluded, would be an overmatch
for the selected, m skill, capital and p«wer; and
the whole league would inevitably be overthrown,
but if selected, the position of his bank mthe league
would be certain Its vast capital, its pxtensive
connections, its superior authority, and his skill,
abilities and influence, would place it at the head,
to think and act for the whole. The others would
be as dependent on his, as the branches of the late
bank were on the mother institution. The whole
would form one entire machine, impelled by a sin-
gle impulse, and making a perfect contrast with its
predecessor m the unity and energy of its opera-
tions.
Nor would its fate be less dissimilar. Anarchy
w as inscribed on the first from the beginning. Its
deficiency in the great and essential element, to en-
suie concert, was radical, and could not be
remedied Its union with the Government could
not supplv it, nor avert its destiny. But v ery dif-
ierent would be the case of the present. Add its
intimate union with the Government, for which the
substitute provides, to its other sources of power,
and it would become irresistible. The tw o, Go-
vernment and bank, would unite and constitute a
single power; but which would gam the ascen-
dancy—whether the Government w ould become the
banK, or the bank the Government, is neither cer-
tain nor material, for whichever it might be, it
w ould form a despotic moneycracy, (if 1 may be
permitted to unite an English and a Greek word,)
altogether irresistible.
It is not a little surprising that the Senator from
Virginia, (Mr. Rives,) whose watchful jealousy
could detect, as he supposed, the embryo of a Go-
vernment bank in the bill, should overlook this
legular mcoiporation of one by his own substitute
Out of the Mendel materials of Treasury warrants
and drafts to pay public creditors, or transfer funds
froin place to place, as the public service might re-
quire, anu four principal receivers to keep the pub-
lic moot), lie has conjured up, w th the aid of a
vnid imagination, a future Government bank,
which he tokl us, with the utmost conhdence, would
nse like a child, at first as big as a hand, but which
would soon daikeu all the horizon. Now, it is not
a little unfortunate for his confident predictions,
that these seminal principles from which the bank
is to spring, have all existed from the commence-
ment of our Government m full force, except the
four receivers, without showing the least tendency
to produce the result he anticipates. Not only ours,
but every civilized Government has tne power to
draw Treasury warrants, and transfer drafts, nor
has the power in a single instance terminated m a
bank.   Nor can the fact, that the money is to be
13
kept by receivers, contribute m the least to pro-
duce one. The public funds m their hands will be
as much beyond the control of the Executive, as
it was m the vaults of the banks. But, to shorten
discussion, I would ask, how can there be a bank
without the power to discount or to use the depo-
sites? and out of which of the provisions of the
bill could the Treasury, by any possibility, obtain
either, under the severe penalties of the bill, which
prohibits the tpuchmg of the public money, except
on warrants or drafts, drawn by those having au-
thority, m due form, and for the public service.
But the danger which an excited imagination an-
ticipates hereafter from the bill would exist m so-
ber reality under the substitute. There it would
require neither fancy nor conjecture to create one.
It would exist, with all its faculties and endow-
ments complete; discount, deposites and all; with
which, immense means, guided by a central and
directing head, and blended and united with ihe
Government, so as to form one great mass of pow cr.
What a contrast with the bill' How simple and
harmless the one, with its four principal recen ers,
twice as many clerks, and five inspectors, com-
pared with this complex and mighty engine of
power! And yet there are many, both intelligent
and patriotic, who oppose the bill and support the
substitute, on the ground that the former would
give more patronage and power than the latter'
How strange and wonderful the diversity of the
human mind'
So far from beng true, the very fact of the sepa-
ration of the Government from the banks, provided
for m the bill, would, of itself, be the most decisive
blow that could be given agamst Government
patronage, and the union of the two the most deci-
sive in its fav or When their notes ire received m
the public dues as cash, and the public money depo-
sited m their vaults, the banks becorre the allies of
the Government on all questions connected with l's
fiscal action. The higher its taxes and duties, the
greater its revenue and expenditure and the larger
its surplus, the more their circulation and business,
and, of course, the greater their profit; and hence,
on all questions of taxation and disbursements, and
the accumulations of funds in the Treasury, their
interest would throw them on the side of the Go-
vernment, and against the people.
All this is reversed, when separated. The higher
the taxation and disbursements, and the larger
the surplus, the less would be their piofit, and
their interest m that case would throw them w th
the people, and against the Gov ernment. The rea-
son is obvious. Specie is the basis of banking
operations, and the greater amount they can com-
mand, the greater will be their business and profits,
but when the Government is separated from them,
and collects and pays ava> its dues in spec.e in-
stead of their notes, it is clear that the higher the
taxes and disbursements, and i íe greater the sur-
plus m the Treasury, the moie specie wiP be draw n
from the use of the banks, and the less, will be left
as the basis of iheir operations, and, consequent!*,
the less their proüt. Every dollar withdrawn from
them would diminish then business four-fold at
least, and hence a regard to their own interest
would niev itably place them on Ihe side to w h.ch I
have assigned them.
The effects on the politics of the eountij- would
be great and salutary. The weight of the banks
would be taken from the side of the tax consumets,
where it has been from the commencement of the
Government, and placed on the side of the tax
pajeis. This great division of the community ne-
cessarily grows out of the fiscal action of ihe Go-
vernment. Take taxation and chsbursemen' to-
gether, and it will alwavs be tound that one portion
of the community pajs into the Treasvtiv, in the
shape of taxes, more than it receives baek in that
of disbursements, and that another receives back
more than it pays The former are the tax payers,
and the lattei the consumers, making the gieat, es-
sential, and controlling division m all civilized
communities. If, with us, the Government has
been thrown on the side of the consuméis, as it
has, it must be attributed to its alliance with the
banks, whose influence has been, m consequence,
at all times, steadily and powei fully on that
side.   It is to this mischievous and unholv al-
liance that may be traced almost all die disasters
that have befallen us, and the great political dege-
neracy of the country. Hencef the protective sys-
tem; hence its associated and monstrous system of
disbursements; hence the collection of-more mo-
ney from the people than the Govemfaent could
require; hence the vast and corrupting surpluses;
hence Legislative and Executive usurpations; and,
finally, hence the prostration of the currency and
the disasters which giv e rise to our present delibe-
rations. Revive this fatal connection, adopt this
substitute, and all this tram of evils will again fol-
low, with redoubled disasters and corruption. Re-
fuse the connection, adopt this bill, and all will be
reversed, and we shall have some prospect of
restoring the Cons'imUon and country to their pri-
mitive simplicity and purity. The effect of the
refusal on the patronage of the Government would
be great and decisive. Bu rke has wisely said that
the "revenue is the State in modern times." Vio-
lence and coercion are no longer the instruments of
Government in civilized communities. Their reign
is past Everv thing is now done by money. It
is not only the smew of war, but of politics; over
which, in the form of patronage, it exercises
almost unlimited control Just as the revenue
increases or diminishes, almost m the same propor-
tion is patronage increased or diminished.
But admit, for a moment, that neither the sepa-
ration nor the connection would have any sensible
effect to increase or dimmish the revenue, and that
it would be of the same amount, whether the bill or
substitute should be adopted: yet, even on thatsup-
position, the patronage of the latter would be a
hundred fold greater than the former. In esti-
mating the amount of patronage oí an^ measure,
three particulars must be taken into the calcula-
tor. i1 e number of persons who may be effected
bv it, their influence in the community, and the
extern of the control exercised over them. It will
be lound, on comparison, that the substitute com-
bines all thes  elements in a far greater degree than
the bill, as I shall now proceed to show. I begin
with the number.
The bill provides, as has been stated, for four
principal receivers, eight or ten clerks, and a suita-
ble number of ageDts to act as inspectors, making
in the whole, say 35 individuals. These would
constitute the only additional officers to keep and
disburse the public money. The substitute, m ad-
dition to the officers now in service, provides for
the selection of 25 banks, to be taken from the
most powerful and influential, and which would
have, en an average, at the least, 100 officers and
tockholders each, making, in the aggregate, 2,500
persons, who would oe directly interested in the
banks, and, of course, under the influence of the
Government.
As to the relative influence of the officers and
the selected banks over the community, every ira-
paitial man must acknowledge that the preponde-
rance would be greater on the side of the latter.
Admitting ihe respectability of the receivers and
the other officers provided for in the bill, and the
officers and stockholders of the banks to be indivi-
dually the same, still the means ol control at the
disposition of the former would be as nothing com-
pared to that of the latter They could not touch
a cent of public money Their means would be
limited to their salary, which would be too small
to be felt m the community Very different would
be the case w nh the officers and stockholders of the
hanks. Thev of all persons, are bj far the most
influent1 ! in the community. A greater number
depend on them for accommodation and favor, and
the success of then business and prospects m life,
than any other class in society; and this would be
especially tiue of the banks connected with the Go-
vernment.
It onlj remains now to compare the extent of the
control that may be exercised by the Government
o\ er the two, m order to complete the comparison;
and here again the preponderance will be found to
be strikingly on the same side. The whole amount
of expenditure under the bill would not exceed
§30,000 or §40,000 annually at the very farthest;
and this constitutes the whole amount of con-
trol which the Government can exercise. There,
would be no perquisites, no contracts, jobs, or ««!• 
