Feb. 1838.                       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                \M
i             -----------------------*™------                   '   '              ------------■-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------—-------—---------------------------------------------------------------------■-----------—-------——-------------—------------------                r   "       ' "'""■ "    'Mfci'ii      " "M«* '   ,    m.mWi   n  .„i------.
25th Con&--"2'vd Sess.   _______________              Neutrality Bill—Mr. Loomis.                             £                               H. of Reps.
seems that aU these go for nothing ant! that the banks are every
thi ng I make no war oil them AIM insist on is, that the Go
vernment s'iall separate from them, wbicti I believe to be in
dispensab e ibi the reasons I haveasslgned, bHh now and for
mtrly But I atinot concur in attributing to them our im
proveniente awl prosperity That they contributed to give d
str >ng lmpuNt to industry and enterprise m the early stages of
liii-u operad >rt, Xibubl. not nothing is moie stimulating than
an expmdin? and depreciating cunency It creates a delusive
appe irance of prosperity, which puts every thing in motion
Lveiy one feeisasif he wasgrowmg richer, as prices use, and
that he has it in hH poiver, by foresight and exertion, to make
hisfottune But it is thenaturo nf stimulus, moral as well as
physical, to eAate at first, and to depress afterwards The
draft whKh at first causes unnatural excitement and energy is
sure to terminate in corresponding depression and weakness,
nor is it less certain that the stimulus of a currency, ex
panjing beyond its proper limits, follows the same law We
have had'he exhilaration, and the depression has succeeded
We have had the pleasure of getting drunk, and now expe
rience the pain of becoming sober The good is gone and tne
evil has succeeded, and on a fair calculation, the latter will
be found to be greater than the lormer Whatever impulse
the banking system was calculated to give to out improvement
and prosperity has already been given, and the reverse effects
will hereafter follow, unless the system should undergo great
and radical change*, the first step lowaids which, wouldbe the
adoption of the measure proposed by this bill
Ihave Mr President, finished whatl intended to say Ihave
long anticipated the present cusís, but did not expect its arrival
i my time When I siw its approach I resolveJto do my duty,
be the consequences to me what they mi^ht, ana I offer mj
tl auks to th< Ail hor of mv being, that he ha4* given me the re
solution and opportunity to discharge what I honestly believe
to he that duty o t this gieat subject
Hbw the q fbt o i will be d°"irie', is acknowledge 1 to be
doubtful sirearly xre the two lloise? supposed to be divided
but whate\ei may ne its fate now 1 have the niost perfect con
fidence in its final ummt)h The public attention is roused
The subject will be thoroughly investigated, and 1 have no fears
but the side T suppoit, will prove to be the side of truth, justice,
liberty, civilization, and moral and mtellectua lexcel ence
THE NEUTRALITY BILL.
REMARKS OF MR. LOOMIS,
Of Nf  York,
In the House cf Repi esenlihics, Feb    16,  1838—On
the bill to maintain our neutrality with euiter-
minous countries.
Mr. LOOMIS said that it was with much reluc-
tance he felt himself compelled, under existing
circum^ances, to offer an important amendment to
the bill. He would propose a substitute for the
whole b''
Tne SPE 4.KER remarked that it was not at
ihi« time in order to propose an amendment, as
that repoiled b> the Commutee on Foreign Affairs
ttas now penlmg.
Mr. LOOMIS* said that he would offei it when
in older In the mean time, he would briefly sub-
mit his views upon, the bill as it stood befoie the
Hou--e He was fully sensible of the nece-iSity of
the immediate action of Congress upon the subject,
and he regretted that a sense of duty compelled
him so essentially to differ from the highly respect-
able committee who had reported this bill, as to
place himself in this attitude He was not opposed
to the principle that seemed to lie at the foundation
of the bilí The prevention of our citizens from
improperly mfoilenng to excite or cairy on insur-
rection in foieign States with whom we are at
peace, and tr whom we owe all the duties and
rights of a fnendij power In this principle, and
in j<s general apphcat on, therefore, he fully agreed
with the chisman of the Committee on Foreign
Relations in the rem?rl^ he had submitted, but
the inanii"! in -winch the committee had proposed
to carrv out their views was, in his judgment inble
o serious, if not insuperable, objections He
could not tr ng himself to assent to it
The c reum-dan^es, said iyjr L which ha\e
g \ei lisp to tms ! d'—the dis urbaices on om Ca-
ra 1 an f'on'ter—are o! a | ecUiar characiei, and
warrant, naj, tbej require, ihi ¡iro,i pt and efficient
action ol mi Gjvernmen' There is a long '¡ne
o! frontier separating the mo countries from each
other, \U p'tcmg so nairow n. bainer between
them as to lender it impossible that local dtsiur-
buices bieaking out on one side should not affect
the mmdo of inhabitants on the other, Thete v,eie
several hundred miles in exten* of an inhabited
country, divided in some places only by an imagi-
nary line, in others by rivers and by navigable
lakes. The people of the two sides were in the
habit of constant and triendly uitetcourse with each
other, and weie bound together by the ties of neigh-
borhood, and intermingled in the social relations of
life. When the inhabitants of Canada complain
of infringement by their Government upon their
political rights, and feel, or imagine they fee!,
oppression and tyranny, they touch a pomi upon
which their American neighbors are peculiarly
sensitive, and upon which their sympathies are
readily aroused. The native love of liberty and
the deep-rooted hatred of lyranny, which charac-
terize American citizens, were easily excited to
inflammation whenever an appeal was made to
them involving those noble principles. Thus it
was that, m a controversy between the Canad ans
and their Gevernment of (hat character, our citi-
zens throughout the whole of that extended frontier
were easily led to take a deep interest; and, unless
their# impulses were restrained, would heartilv
embark on the side of the liberals in those smug-
gles. Abstractedly taken, he wou'd not wish to
check those generous sympathies, he would do no-
thing to deaden or discourage the feelings which
emanated from the innate lo\e of freedom, nothmg
to extinguish the bright syztk 0f Lberty which
glows m the heart of every true American ct zm,
yet something we must remember is due to national
right and national obligation We owe it to the
well known prudential policy of th s Government
ever since its exis*ence as a nation, to avoid emn-
giement m the quarrels and controversies of oiher
nations, and we certainly one something also to
the spirit of friendship and good will which exists
between this country and Great Britain, and which
it is the outy, as well as the mutual interest, of
both powers to continue. For the preservaron of
these, said Mr L I am wi'lmg to do e\ ery t'lmg
which ought to be done, but I insist that wha e\ er
restraint \te impose upon ou" citizens should be
done agreeably to well e'abusred principles o'
aw.                                                                          I
There are seteral serious ob ec'ions it. t\ inn' .
to the present bdl, and as i1 came ñora the S^nat* 1
In the first place, it is íneíFcient to a s\ er the c i i  
designed. In what manner does it proro'-e to sjp- ¡'
press the improper interference of our cit zens in
the controversy of their neighbors'! By giving to
the United States marshals and thetr depones, and
to all the officers connected with custom-houses,
and others, power to seize without process of law,
or any other limitation than their own individual
discietion, anv vessel or vehit'e, arms, or muni-
tions of war, which they may sjispect aie about
being taken into a conterminous country to be
uaed in hostilities to be carried on there, and to de-
tain them until satisfactory security should begiven
that they should not be so used Assuming that
each of the several officers ti whom it was pro-
posed to vest this extraordinary power would act
discreetly, suppose one of them, in the exerc se of
his duty, to have seized propeiU wh'ch ne had
rightly judged it as about to be used <n v olition of
the intention of the law, assuming also that he
would fairly estimate its vaiue, and thf he also
should judge propeny in reference to the sufFcienc"
of the sureties offered, and that he had skill to frame
the proper bond to be taken The bond is execuled
What, then, is to hinder the owne1" or possessor from
marching right along with his bonded prcpei ty over
the line into the idiomi.ig country, in the ven face
and eyes of the oncers ol Government Who can
prevent him1 He has eomp led \wth the !?w
What is to become of the bond? The onicer ta„..ng
it is not requned to deposue it with any lawofJiter,
nor to make aov report, his dutv has been accom
nhshed by tatting Ihe bonds he has nothing to do
with ¡ts Molat on, but should the bond, b\ ™->ol
i t 'une, find Us wit into the b?n Is of toe ms i iet
attorney, how is he to know whetV r th  ob1 rvion
has been volated, the boi"1 bioien1 or, J in-
formed, how is he to prove th?t theproptra nps
been usedconfraiy to the conditions oí the bond'1
Does his jurisdiction extend to the onlj p'ace
Tthere these facts can be ascenamed. beyond the
line' Can he obtain witnesses from the camp oí
one of Ü18 belligerents, identifying the te'> articles
specified in. the bond, and prove that the} havebe n
used in carrying on hostilities'! No, sir, he would
not be able to make the requisite proof m one case
in ten. In. a large proportion of the eases, the
owner would probably get his good' over without
subjecting himself to give a bond, and he would
feel secure, that even if they were seized, and a
bond requned, there would be no difficulty in pro-
curing it when tha strong feeling of sympathy pre-
vails, as it does on that froatíer, and little or no
danger of being convicted for its breach. He wontd
be conscious of violating no law, if he escaped the
seizure of his goods; and if seized, he would feel
that he had satisfied the penalty of the law by ^y 
mg a bond which could not be enforced.
There is another very serious objection to the
bill. It vests unusual and dangerous powers in
the numerous officers to whom its execution is en-
trusted. This feature is in violation of the whole
policy of our laws, and, he felt constrained to say,
against the Constitution itself. It proposes topvo
to e^ecuittie officers discretionary powers of a jttói-
oml character, unparalleled in extent by any ever
vested in that class of officers. The same indivi-
dual who is to make the seizure, is made the iud#e
of the exigency of the case authorizing it. His
discretion is unlimited and without restraint. He
is to judge, of hio own knowledge, or otherwise, as
he best m-v, whether it is "probable that the ves-
sel or vehicle, arms or munitions, are intended to
be employed m carr /mg on hostilities." These are
die words of the b'll, he is required to make no re-
poit, to keep no record or mmu es, to render no
acci-unt, and acting judicially, he is not responsible
to any body, or in any form, for any error in judg-
ment, however gross, nor i¡> there any appeal from
his judgment. The same individual judges of the
probability, makes the seizure, and holds the pro-
perty, he judges of its value, and of the sufficiency
of the surety, he may fix the value at nearly no-
thing, so as to cover the free passage of the pro-
perty, as having been bonded, or he may mPke it
so piorbitant as to be oppressive and amount
to a pioLib tmn What could prex-ent any one of
*he i uoitous oincers, named in the bill, in the ex-
erc se oí h ' con„ led judicial and executive
powers, from Sioppmg any cibz^n riding along m
his carnage on to  highway on that frontier, ay,
or in this very ct'y, and sajinsr, "I arrest this cai-
nage as a vehicle eootemplited by this la v1" Who
could restram h.m'! The p-e umption is, lhaf the
officer will do his simple duty, but such a law as
this would throw in his way a strong temptation to
pervert it to bts own purposes.
The rights of our citizens to bear arms, guaran-
tied to them by the Constitution, is liable to be
somewhat encroached upon, if it may not be abso-
lutely violated, by the powers and duties rested by
this bill in these officers.
But there was another clause of the Constitu-
tion with which it appeard to him the provisions
of this bill came in direct conflict The fourth ar-
ticle of the amendment of the Constitution pro-
\ ides that—
"The right of the people to be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects against unrea-
sonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,
and no warrant sha'l issue, but upon probable
cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and par-
ticulaily describing the place lobe searched, and the
person or things to be seized."
The fiith section provides that no person shall
' oe deprived of lite, libeity, or property, without
due p-oce-s of law "
Sn, said Mr L does not this bul propose to vest
m Executive officers, the power to deprive persons
of prepert", wi hout due proct.* of law. They
are authorized anl lequired to seize the acknow-
ledged pr perv of individuals, wi hout any process,
to do it <it d'scretiui, to cict as judges of the nece«-
itv, and 'hei to execute Th'great principle of
p i tac'ion to privan r ghf>, wb'ch the Constitution
m ended to secure by'•eqtuimg proof on oath or
alfirmat'oi  of the f?c s an i circumstances, be-
fore a judicidl tribunal, and process of law, in
Older to justify a secure, is directly violated. Will
it be said tint it does not contemplate to deprive
the mdi\ ¡dual of his ultimate right or legal estate
in the property, that he may, on certain condition",
have it restored to hurf Sir, the right of posses-
sion and use, is property; the only end and ob-
ject ot the ownership of chattels, is that the owner
niav enjoy their use. The right of possession is as
much property as the right to the fee itself.
The object of the bill was preventive.   It was iftt
