198     ______________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________Mar. 1838.
25th Co\G"..2\¡> Sts?.                           Northeastern Boundary Question—Mr. Fairfield.                                                 H. of Reps.
made  one   kingdom,   under the  name of "The I
Netherlands," and, a few months aftei wards, Wil- ¡
liam was crowned King, with the title of "King
of the Netherlands."   England, it is well known, |
had an overpowering influence in that Congress,
and contnbuted more to the result of a union oí
Holland and Belgium than all the other members
combined.   And to England, more than to any
other nation, was King WVham to look to bust  n
him in the position in which h  had been placid
Whether in consequence oí all this, his subjection
to British influence was more than it ought to be,
I will not undertake to saj, but it is afn', that at
one tune he was called, bj his own  subject1-, ' Lc
Prefect d'Jingleleri e"—the Prelect oí England          |
But more than this, he was a member of the
"Holy Alliance"—one of the band ofconsp talors
against the lights of man Cheiishmg the must
deadly hostility to liberal principles, ho  coukl Ik i
be expected to feel any particular partiality or '
favor for a nation that was doing more to disemí-
nate these principles than any other nation m the
world %                                                                   !
His hostility to libei al principles was fully show n |
by the tyranny which he exercised upon his own ■
subjects.   In the first place, he abolished the light
of trial by jury—" that bulwaik oi liberty, and i
best safeguard of private rights "   He tlitn de-
stroyed the freedom of the press, aid  imposed j
punishments for libels upon the Government, from
one year's imprisonment to death     He decreed
that the French language should no longer be the
national language m  Belgium.   " The Belgians
were to unlearn their mother tongue, and fíame I
their organs and those ot then children to the use
of the Dutch "   No man was allowed to advocate ,
a cause in the couits, except in Dutch.   No man
could devise property, except m a language evei}
word of which lequued lo be translated     And no i
mm was admitted to oflice, until he liad served an I
apprenticeship to the Dutch language                      ,
Such tyranm can only be eiju ilkd by  anoilier
act of the same king, which w as this   On the adop-
tion of the constitution presented by htiiikth to the
notables, he declared 527 votes to be a majmhj if
1,523, on the giounl that s< rie o! ihe  nop bit   '
voted from tehgious scinplev'    Tl >   histoi 11 de- .
nounces this ait, as well lie might, "a ban', iced
outrage on common sense and equity "   An 1 ilus I
is the man—a member of the Ildy  Vl'iance, i\c-
cuting its tyrannicil principles upon 1 is own sub-
jects—indebted to KngUul for his ciown, and na-
turally opposed to the United Stales as ll o itiends
and disseminators of  free principie?, this is the
man who was selected to arbmate upon the rights
of property and .sovereignty cf Mime, «hen tliey
had been assailed by Great Britain'    Verily, if
here is cause for gratitude m ihe pan of ¡Víame, 1
will leave it for the particular fne.ds of ihat A Inn
nistration to discover
But again Mame had just cause of complaint,
that the case was not taken fiom him, when hi
ceased to be, what he was when the ca- w is re-
ferred, viz king of the Nclhii lands In 1830, bis
tyrannical oppression of his o -n subjects caused a
revolution, which, we all know, resulted in the
independence of Belgium So that, while he re-
tained ihe empty tule of the kins of the Nether-
lands, he was, m facl, only king of TMland
Shorn of more than half hi kirgdom, subjects,
power, and influence, ard dependant upon the com-
bined powers, one of whom was Enghnd, even for
the retention oí this 'Smalle' half," hec-ased to be
that independent sovereign contemn'a ed m the con-
sent to his arbitration. At the vrij t le oí his
pretended decision of our cas*., the question wai
pending with the combined poi ers who should be
made King of Belgium, whether the Government
should pass out oí the family of tie King of the
Netherlands, or not: the Prince of Orange, son of
William, and Leopold, of Saxc Cob^ig, being the
principal candidates. England haa an overwhelm-
ing influence with the combined powers, and the
King of the Netherlands knew it. Without, there-
fore, alleging that the decision was at all influenced
by these circumstances, they were sufficient to hav e
authorized our Government to protest against his
proceeding further m the case, and to have invited
him to give up the paper .   This, however, was
not done, and the umpire went on to make what he
called an award, by which more than two million
a-res of om land would have been transferred to
Great Britain. From this, however, fortunately for
Mame, another Administration, which had just then
come into power, rescued us. Nevertheless, as my
colleague would have it, the first Administration is
wor'hy of alt commendation, while the latter is
wortny only of censure'
Tne Gov ei nor of Mame, m his annual message
rlelrurod January, 1811, holds the lollowing lan-
guise in relation to the subject
I>i imntiu it i li i\ m. tU( uvl 1 ¡hat monui h [(he Kirii,
of dn \t ¡ui amtsjo ño ,,'e tttst pi nam ol Ins Idnjcloinb) 1
l volution, tlui-í ¡ai tumis turn mcusudy di.ttni[ant upon
totutxit p n un mi or anJ s i| ¡ orí In p dim it i-iumtion
h is be ¡if-M nluh\ihni id iliatu may bi ilouluful, ai least
wht 3m lie witl hv dilution on tlnsdiihiau and impoitint
ipitsüm whnhvvu1*! liui 1 to him undti s in limítame-* so
c^tn nllyml! ¡t il li mi liio^ew nib il pifen! e\i t lithe
<ti ft 11 lili  ji voliiuou lioul i In to mutt m still i loser bomH
oi tin ity iho I nmei tuimilv utti intiman ulatioiwot the kin.i
ot thp NethPtlfttiU-i v\nh < ieit Hi nam wlni h ^eemo tobe pío
btitb, it mem '¡e mnind redlhutht a reiment toielu would,
m iliRievint be iimloul nl no tviil Wlmtevoi roiilidenre
in i) 1 , utmth pi uce ol om catim, howivo okarlyom h^Ih
in iv bt sh wii in ir^ttmtnt \st i ertainK i >nld n H be willing
l > sub nit it o the mni ira** ol i «ow teisrn, who ii not only the
ally lunula tv tin htvie ol urriunst nuts nnv have bocomt,
in M>m   m is ih ihe tep i ! mt ilh «I t.reu Britain '
Siin'ar views were expressed by the Legislature
of Aiimo by lertam resolutions upon the subject,
adopt* d February 2S, 1FU7
These are a portion ol the complaints of Maine
against Ihe Genei.il Go\ eminent during the
Adams a linnustiaiion, and, 1 trust, that all will
peiceive limn to be ne thru unjust not unsubslan-
tpl I h ill now pa*s to the spet die charges of my
tolleigtie again1.! the t« o succedingAdministiations,
and mil 1101 0 si n- how f.11 thij .«e light, and
how for tliev p,n u 10 uu to Ik without founda-
tion
\nd, ill- in n ' ilion to ll<i «gieement or undei-
lnduig 111 11 «un the Governments ot the Uni-
ted utiles ind Gk it Britain, as to occnpition and
junsdictioi) 11 Ihe disputid U'tritoij The Ad*uns
adimni ti ¡turn, it wis alleged by my colleague,
took high ¡rroimd and main) lined it manfully,
while lh< snot eedinf \ilminisliattons h id frittered
aw.1) tin litreoment, ind, nnally, abandoned both
possission ami huisi'k turn to the Bnlish Now,
tins may be so, bin 1 have not yet been able tose,;
I it, ,>ml, I tbink 'lie House Mill find the same diffi-
cult,' "ith nns If, alter examining trie instances
paiticnlarlvrued and íelied upon by my colleague
For the < ri-,111 ol this agreement the letter of Mr
Gallatin in the Set rctirj of btate, dated July, 1827,
is re!< 'red to, in which he says "Mr Canning
also suggested the propriety ol abstaining, on both
suit* pen lm„' the suit, fiom ami act of sovaeignty
ovt t the unttiti I terntoiy" We next find the
.preement illiub d r 1 in a Utter of Mr Clay, Se-
cretan of Si ib , 11, the Gnitriinr < f Maine, Novem-
lxi 27, 1R27, which was overlooked by my col-
leigtK \\r- s ij "Both pail lowland pledged to
¡ r ih o her to pi iftice forbeiranee, and to abstain
fiom furihc" acts of so\eieiscnt), on ¡fee unoccupied
11 is/i mini the question of right is settled " Now,
is tint A ¡ministration has been complimented for
rn ' ns 1 f'tiod agicement and adhering to it, u is
worth our while, for a moment, to examine these
two st itements of the agreement, and see how far
t lev come tie B\ Mr Gallatin's statement, "both
si 'es uete lo abstain from any acts of sovereignty
ovei thecnrles'cd tcntlory"—that is, over the whole
Bj Mr Chi's statement, we were "to abstain from
fiinbtr acts of soveieigniy ever the unoccupied
waste" &.c ll>re is an importint difference. Ii
fir Gallat r's agreement had been adhered to,
I Gieit Britain could not have exercised any acts oí
I so\ ereignty even over the settlement of Madawaska
Lutas Mr Clay has changed it, Great Britain is
inil> restrict d to ihe unoccupied waste This is a
very pretty beginning for the Administration which
has leceivnl such high encomiums
B n li t us %o one st> p farther The next notice
we find of this agreement, is in a letter from Mi.
C] iv to \fr Vaughan, bearing date January 9,
1829. After complaining of certain trespasses up-
on the territory, in cutting timber, which, it was
alleged, had been done under the authority of the
British Government, he adds "I need scarcely
remark, that the proceedings, thus described, are in
opposition to the understanding which has existed
between the Governments of the United States and
Great Britain; tint, during the pendency of the ar-
bitration, which is to settle the question of bounda-
ry, neither party should exercise any jurisdiction,
or perform any act, on the disputed territory to
strengthen his own claims, or to effect the state of the
property in issue "
Here, also, we find important modifications of
the agreements before stated. In bolh of those
agreements, the acts of sovereignty from which the
panics, weie to abstain were unguaftjied acts of
soveieignty Now, it is not any act of jurisdiction
or soi ereignty «1 atexei, but those acts only which
have for their object to ^lengthen the claim of the
party exeiusmg it, and in proportion, theiefoie, to
the difficulty ol deciding upon thej ecse object of
eithei ol the parties m any particular act of juris-
diction exercised, is the agrtement made loose, in-
definite, and worse than none Here, then, are
three attempts lo state thejigreement, and neither
agrees with the others. They all differ in very
essential particulars If, therefore, my colleague
should have succeeded in showing, as he attempted,
that the succeeding Administration had stated the
agreement differently, at different times, and that
some degree of confusion had been produced upon
the subject, I think some allowance should be made
on account of the example which, it is perceived,
had been set them by then predecessors.
But as this last version oí the agreement seems
to have been settled down and practised upon as
the real agreement or understanding m the case, let
us see what it is, and what is the fair construction
of it. Thete ate two branches to it, one 1 elating to
thejurndicfton, and the other to the jnoperty, in the
territory,—the panics were not to pxercise any
acts of sovettiguty 10 strengthen their own claims,
or to do any act which should affect the value ot
the projiei ly. It was to continue duimg the pen-
dency ot thf arbitration. This I take to be the
fan construction of the agreement. Now,how did
it app'y to the actual state ot ¡lungs' Why, Great
Britain had possession of Madawaska village,
Maine had possession up to that, or nearly so,
and the land lying above Madawaska might
be legarded as "unoccupied waste," which neither
party had in actual exclusive possession Hence,
both parties might continue to exercise jurisdiction
without any violation of the agreement, provided
thev kept within their usual and accustomed limits,
and committed no neto or furlhei act ol jurisdiction
The rights of property were to remain untouched,
that is, neither were to sell the land or cut off the
timber Here is the agreement, and here the mode
ot applying it, though wc therein make a large
concession in favor ot Great Britain, to wit. m ad-
mitting her jurisdiction ovei Madawaska village
Maine always denied this, until a certain Mr. I3ai-
rell, who seemed to have imbibed stron piejudices
against Maine and her interests, was appointed by
Mr Clay to go to the British Provinces to collect
the facts in this case. He repotted that Great
Britain was in possession of Madawaska This
afterwards being recognised and confirmed by Mi
Clay, Maine found herself reluctant!) obliged to
yield a fact which she had always before, and
rightfully, contested, unless the issuing of a few
commissions m a militia, not in esse, and a few
acts of a like character, were sufficient to consti-
tute possession That the foiegomg is a fair con-
struction of the agree «lent, I refer to Mr Clay's
letter to the Governor of Mame, bearing date No-
vember 27,1827, m which he says
"Both parties s and pledged to each othei to practice forbeai
anee, and to itretain from further acts ot sovereignty on the
unoccupied waste, until thequc-tionof right is settled "
But, whatever may be the true construction, I
would now inquire by what right or authority was
this agreement made' If the disputed territory
belonged to Mame, and that Administration ex-
pressly admitted it, where did the General Go-
vernment derive its power to say that Mame, a
sovereign State, should not extend her jurisdiction
ovet ltl Would not such a power involve that of
alienating the territory? If the General Govern-
mc-it can rightfully deprive us of our property and
bestow it upon another for one month, I do not see
why it may not be done for one year, or tor an in-
definite period,   This question of authority occur-
