Mar. 1838.
25th Cow-"2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GXOBE.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Morrü.
Senate.
that Congress can call into action, for the purpose
of pi serving and keeping safely the money contri-
buted, by the people, for the purpose of carrying on
the functions of Government, between the time of
its collection and disbursement in pursuance of
law, and that, too, without any foreign or extrane-
ous aid1 To a plain and honest man, unacquaint-
ed with the intrigues of office, orjhe wiles of specu-
lators, to ask this question, would be to answer it.
Yet such only is the main object of the bill beiore
us, which has met with so much opposition, and
been so vehemently denounced by gentlemen on the
opposite side of the question But, sir, it seems to
me that gentlemen ought to end their arguments
where they begin them. They assume premises
which do not exist, and thus claim the exercise of
powers by the Government of the most dangerous
tendency. The position assumed is, that Congress
is bound to provide a currency for the country. I
can, by no means, admit this argument, m the sense
in which it has been urged m thi3 debate. Congress
iurnish, in iact, a currency' If so, fiom what
source is that power derived, and in what form is it
to be exercised1 Congress, by the Constitution,
has power to com money and regulate its value,
and the value of foreign coin. This provision of
the Constitution by no means authorizes Congress
to make or increase the currency by the mere act
of the Government, either for its own use or the
use of individual citizens. It would be a dangerous
practice, and at war with every principle of our
Government, for Congress to exercise or possess a
power like this I admit that, in despotic or mo-
narchical Governments, where power is claimed to
be denved, not from the people, but jure dwino, the
power to supply their own Treasury by their own
authority is claimed and exercised It is the pecu-
liar prerogative of the Crown to make its own mo-
ney. That power, in this country, belongs to the
people The Government can have no nroney but
by their permission. The people have, m their
Constitution, provided that gold and silver shall be
the material of which money shalt be made, and
they have given the power to Congress to coin it,
and regulate us value. Congress has declared, by
law, the shape and size of money, and the inscrip-
tion it shall bear They have, also, caused to be
erected a mint, a great national workshop, where
money shall be made; they have erected machinery,
and employed workmen, for this purpose, all at the
public expense, and the operation is called coining,
but Congress have no power to dig the ore, or pur-
chase bullion,~in order to make money for the use
of the Government. The mint belongs to the peo-
ple, it is for their use; it is to make money for them
free of personal expense, out of their own metal,
and for their own benefit, and how much, or how
little, they will have, like all oiher articles of pro-
perly, depends upon themselves, and will be regu-
lated by their means, their industry, their fancy, or
their taste; and the Government is under no more
obligation to afford aid to individuals in this pur-
suit, than it is lo aid them in the rearing of cattle,
or m acquiring any other species of property.
It would be as dangerous to public liberty to per-
mit the Government to enter into competition with
individual enterprise in this particular, as it would
be to enter into competition in the trade, commerce,
manufacturing, or agricultural pursuits of the
people.
Hence the wi«e men who framed our Constitu-
tion have prescribed that the Government shall
have no other income for its support but what the
people shall contribute, by taxes, duties, imposts,
excise, the sale of the public domain, and the bor-
rowing of money If I am correct in the positions
I have assumed, and upon which I cannot doubt,
•« hat becomes of the argument that Congress is
bound to furnish a currency for the countrv1 It is
lost, having no foundation whatever on which to
rest. But those who use this argument contend
that gold and silver do not exist m sufficient quan-
tities to furnish a suflicient amount of currency
to answ er all the requirements of trade and com-
merce ; that a paper currency mus,t exist, and that
issued, not by the simple act of the Government,
but by a private corporation on its own responsi-
bility, and for the sole benefit of the corporations.
Sir, suppose I admit their argument, that a suffi-
cient quantity of currency cannot be obtained by
the use of gold and silver only, does it follow that
paper is the next best material foi this purpose'
I say not Suppose I admit another false and ex-
travagant argument advanced by gentlemen, that
whatever Congress receives as money, is money,
thus placing the power ol Congress entirely beyond
that of the Constitution itselt. If this was so, why
not make a cunency of more substantial material
than paper1 why not use iron, copper, or any other
metal t It is true that Congress have directed cop-
per to be coined, which passes as money—a power
which I greatly doubt Congress is competent to
exercise ; yet if it exist*, and if Congress can make
a piece of copper, of a given form and size, worth
the hundredth part of a dollar, Congiess can make
the same piece equal to the dollar itself, and thus
increase the quantity of money in the number oí
pieces, or by raiung its relative value. Sir, gen-
tlemen well know that all schemes of this kind
would not only prove vain and illusory, promoting
no valuable purpose, but producing much mischiet
But gentlemen urge on us another system, which
they call the credit system—a concentrated and
corporate credit, which circulates in the form ol
bank notes, and which, they contend, is the purifier
of our moralsnthe reformer of the age, and whose
benign influence scatters peace and smiling plenty
on the country, and without which we should re-
trograde in a short time, at least, to a semi-bar-
barian age Permit me, sir, to examine for a
moment this credit system Gentlemen say that
the Government is making war upon that sy stem,
and thus defraying confidence, upon which the
whole piospentv of the country depends. Sir, in
my opinion, we have too mucn instead of too little
credit, too many of our citizens are endeavoring
to live upon, credit, instead of industry. These
consisto! the trading and speculating classes. And
they are asking the aid of the Government to
enable them to seize upon the property of the la-
boring and productive classes, and appropriate it
to their own use, by virtue of this credit svstem
Credit belongs to man m his individual character,
not in bis corporate capacity; and it is the essence
oí oppression and tyranny for the Government to
bestow upon the few a fictitious existence, m order
to give them a ciedit which they never could other-
wise obtain, and for which, in that character, (their
individual character,) they are not responsible.
It is, to my mind, impossible for the Government
to lend its support to the credit of any man, or
set of men, without pioducmg injury to others
The Government has nothing of its own intrinsi-
cally ; what it bestows upon one, it must wrest from
another, and it would be as highij impolitic, un-
just, and despotic, for the Government to seize
upon the individual ciedit of the country, and
force it out of its natural channel according to its
pleasure, as it would be to seize upon the entire
property of the country for the tame purpose No
country can be free where the Government thus
mterfeies with the private concerns of individuals
for the purpose of adjusting the balance cf wealth
among them. But, sn, I am told to look over the
face of the country, and see what the credit system
has done for its prosperity, to look at mv own State,
and see the canal  and roads with which the credit
system has checkered it. Yes, sir, this credit sys-
tem is a part and parcel, if not the life blood and
essence, of what we once condemned under the
name of the American sv stem We were former! v
lemmded of the gieat progress of improvement that
was taking place under the Governments of the
old woild, and it wa-, thought strange that Cc ti-
gress should be so paralyzed bv the will ot then
constituents as not to exercise the <¡amepo\ver hpie '
I well remembei the statement that a pun! <• nork '
(a canal) about that time had been completed m j
Europe by the pow i oí 'he Government, (l^ • p r- i
ticular place has at this moment escaped im recol-
lection,) of vast magmti.de, and in a short space of
time, and it was held up as a gionous example for
us to imitate, but the glory ended in the sad story
that twenty thousand individual had lost their lives
m carrying on that work The amount of suffei-
mg and deprivation by otheis, though not actually
engaged in the work, must have been incalculable,
by the change of situation and the transfer of pro-
perty by the order of Government. This 'was a
species of the credit system carried on by the j>owe,r
of the sword, it differs nothing in principle- from
that wh.ch gentlemen now so earnestly urge upon
us, and which is earned on by the power of The
purse and the pen Permit me, sir, to ose a bor-
rowed idea. If I am to submit to tyranny, give
me the tyrant who struts with a sword by his side,
rather than one who rules with a pen riehmd his
ear. I have always believed that the happiness of
a country, and the safety of republican institutions,
were to be found in an industrious and rich popula-
tion, with a poor and just Government. All the
public woiks executed and owned by any Govern-
ment, have a tendency to strengthen its powers, and
make it arbitrary and despotic, by reducing the
people to the condition of its laborers, dependants,
or tenants. It also has the direct effect of increas-
ing official stations and the arrogance of office; and
I am well satisfied that if the Government now
owned all the canals, railroads, and turnpikes, in
the United States, and should reduce the fare, it
would not bG to the advantage of the country, be-
cause it would soon change the nature of our
republican institutions. Except we prefer a Go-
vernment to rule over the people, instead of a
Government to be ruled by the people, we might
fhen piit off the honest garb of home industry and
glitter m the livery of power Yet this is the
elysium of, good Government which gentlemen
picture in their fancy.
But the argument is still more unfortunate
which assumes that we should retrograde m
our morals and policy without the use of the
banking system. What was the state of the
world before the banking system existed1 Let
history speak on this point. We, at the present
day, under all the influence of bank facilities, look
back to that penod for models of wisdom as well
as skill. I hold, then, that banks are neither neces-
sary 01 proper for the safety or security of that
individual liberty which it vv as the object of the
Constitution to secure; that the Government created
by that instrument, as I have before remarked,
possesses within itself a vital, self-existmg princi-
ple, capab'e, without extrinsic aid, of performing
all its Junctions; that the moment this Government
shall attempt to lean for support upon banks, it
will find them at best but a broken reed, and oft a
spear, whose sharp point will pierce its very vitals.
I go, then, for a total separation of the banks from
the Government. I go for it at once. Now is the
accepted tima lo enrol the decree for a divorce
a vinculo matrimonii, breaking the last link m that
chain which connects the Government of the coun-
try vv ith those pnv ate institutions.
Trom the acknowledged talent and eloquence
which has been brought into this debate, I expected
to have heard convincing arguments and unan-
swerable facts. I confess I have been somewhat
disappointed. Our fears and our passions have
been addiessed rather than oui judgment and our
reason It seems to me that another panic is
attempted to be got up in the country. It is but a
mimic, sir, of that of four years since, which I then
witnessed with some forebodings But I predict
nothing of the present; it will pass bv, and be for-
gotten so soon as the bill before us is disposed of.
We are told, however, ihat the country is in
deep distress, brought upon it by the Government,
and that the complaints of the suffering are reach-
ing us almost dailv, and we are warned, in the
voice of solemn admonition, to beware the conse-
ouences Sir, none of these things, as vet, have
i! duced me to change my course From vvhen-e
co these comp'amts come1 F'nm the large Cities;
Inm 'he uad ng community, from the speculating
causes, from 'he consumers, liom tnose who live
up'n the labor oi otheis and from those whose ta-
1 'ts are covered v, 'i g Id ml si ver p'ate, and the
very hubs of whost- c"rna¿e wheels are plated
with siher It is ihtse last who have, by their
gktter of wealth, tempted into tneir employ the ho-
nest and industrious mechanic, who they have paid
with their ciedil, (bank notes) and now, when that
credit will no longer procure the necessaries of
life, and which they refuse themselves to receive
and cancel, they ask the a.J of the Government
for its future support, and that, being refused, in,-
