206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GOWE.
M r. 183&
25th Cong-" 2nd Slss.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Morns.
Senate.
stead of converting their plate into money, (the le-
gitimate use for which the metal was intended bv
the Constitution,) and paying theu honest debts,
they join their dependants,and unitedly send their pe-
titions here tor rebel irom that condition which their
own extravagance has brought them into, and even
threaten the stability of the Government should
they be refused. Sn, I would not lightly speak of
any portion of my fellow-cilizen>; but theie is
something repugna\t to my ideas of equal justice
in such a course as this. I have no desire to say,
in the langup ge of Jefferson, that great cities are
great sores on the body politic, but I will say, that
great cities are not congenial to public liberty; they
collect together the wealthy and the indigent, ihe
haughtiness of riches, and the submission of depend-
ent poverty, the principles that actuate them are
constantly at war with each other, except occasion
should offer to make war on a third party ior the
pecuniary interest of both. These parties are now
united against the Government—the one hoping to
compel it to sustain its credit, and the other
hoping by that means to live upon that credit
These, sir, are the classes who now chinor at your
doors for aid. The great body of the people, the «ign-
cultural class, are, happily, quiet and comen ted at
home, v llhng to submit to toe deciu s oí Frov kU nee,
to earn,as «ell as eat, their daiK bren! in tin sweat
of their face But we ha\e been of len reminded
that instructions fiom our btate Legislatutes have
been sent us to vote against tins bill This is true,
sir, and 1 have examined with some care ihat
branch of the question, because I felt an íntcitst
in this movement, ha\mg,as I considered, recciicd
instructions in the form ot a declaration fr >m the
Legislature oi my own State on the subject matter
of the bill under consideration I have not been
informed that, m a single instance, the Legisla-
tures of any State who have sent instruction > here,
have themselves been instructed to do so by their
constituents, and it is a remarkable fact, that in
every such State but one, a majority of the Legr-
lature were decidedly opposed to the picsent Admi-
nistration, and in that one, a single vote in the po-
pular branch would have changed h  le'till I
view, then, the^e mstiueuons as a political movr-
ment for effect, not the work of the peop'e, but i f
the politicians I feai the i eat moving cau^e was
the advancement of men, not pnnoiples 1 would
not wish to be undeisioidas shaking disrespect-
fully of any portion ot my ieUow-i iti/ens, n re
especially ot legidalive bodies, all are entitled to
my respect, but all should be judged by the 'ai le
impartial rule of light. But, s,r, all those cncitm-
star.ee-, are combined together, and presented to us
as evidence of great distress pervading evciy p r-
tion of the country That embarrassment "nd dis-
tress exists in sump degree among the trading mil
speculating classes, I am willing to ad nit, and (hat
the immediate pause of tint distress is the stoppyc
of specie payment by the banks, and the refusal
to discount, must be evident to all.
But gentlemen chat ge the uhrle i jnn the Go-
vernment, and denounce Us me s irts in ti c
strong'St terms I admit the & «eminent is
blameable, in some dcgiee, m lh>s ma ei
On first taking my seat in this be dy, I «as
surprised to hear that the practice had leen
to permit those who ¡sad the public moiey
in their hands to use it in trade or specu!atn ns
between the time of its collection and disburse-
ment I expressed myself, in privpte convers-m m
with gentlemen, who, I know, will ito me the jus-
tice to acknowledge it, sgunst this pnetu
Large sums were then bring pjid into 'he lit ••v-
ry for which Go en nenr had no miioedia i u e
I was asked if I \ ou d per nit the se sums <o ' e
idle until expended by opeiation of la 1 Sure'v,
1 we u'd 1 thought then, and I think now, thit u
would be better for the country t.nt ihey she ill
have been entire]} lost, even burnt in the streets oí
Washington, rathei than he used ior the cuirup
tion of the people. But, sir, other counse's pwv ail-
ed, the money « as ordeied to be deposited m S'a e
banks, a measure to which I gave an unwilling -s-
sent. The banks were told to loan liberally on
those deposites. And what has been the coiisr -
quence' A host of borrowers were immediately
found at the banks, who, in the pursuit of fancied
wealth, neglected the ordinary and substantial pur-
suits oi hie Loans were obtained, and many esti-
mable young men, who otherwise would have been
valuable and useful citizens, became speculators in
practice, and gamblers in principle. The Govern-
ment thus tempted them to leave the sober, honest
walks of life ior the uncertain pursuit of riches,
and they forgot th¡" excellent player, the btst ever
put into the mouth of man, "Lead us not into
temptation " Thus this valuable class of our citi-
zens were prevented from adding to the permanent
wealth of the country, ihey became barro weis,
pool dependants upon ihe banks, thev forgot that
word of truth, and it seems to be forgotten heie
also, that the borrower is servant to the lender.
A gentleman near me, sii, sa>s that slave is the
ouginal word, yes, sir, the boi rower is the slave of
the lendei1 Who, sir, will dare dispute this? Thus
that manly independence oi mu d that should maik
the American chancier, is exchanged for a misera-
ble depindence on soulless corporations, and in the
midst of this wild course ot evtrnvagance, the
banks themselves became involved, they close
their doors, refuse to lefund to the Government
the money deposited, ot to discharge their olbri lia-
bilities to individuáis What a monstrous picture
of con upturn does this piespnl to the iclleclmg
mind But it did not stop hue, nan ui umlth, in
oulei to enl«if.c tneir loimno, eng igiM in llvjwmie
boirowing scheme, they employed the laboret lo
pioduce ior them aitiele? of show, or fashion, and
paid them in credit ¡or then work, that credit soon
became worthless These knowing ones then
charged the «hole blame upon the Uoveinment,
and all united to íaise the cry oi distress, and call
on Congress ioi relief. What a moral does this
lesion teac h Well has it been said that the lov e
ol money is the root of all evil But, sir, in con-
demning the principle oí connecting this Govern-
ment with the banking system oí the St ites, I do
not fee1 it necessary, noi do J be heve it coirect, to
denounce, in general terms, the Stale limits, al-
though gentlemen mi this side of the House, have
done m> I cannot jnn in such denunciator) I
flunk it is ralen'ated to answer no valuable pur-
pe e, but mav be productive of mischief. The
hanks aie fe ,>u institutions, created by the laws of
die several States, and, to use language used on a
lormei occasion, this Government ought not to in-
termeddle with Stite institutions 1 use the wind
now, n-, 1 understood it then, meaning that this Go-
vernment has no right lo inieiiiudclli' with any m
sliiution oi a Stale, exclu ive of her nwn, m any
manner whatever, bv virtue of any act of Congiess.
But, sir, gentlemen, on this occasion, as well ¡is
on most othc-rs, when questions of importance ait
under consideration, centuic, in no measured lerms,
the acts and doings of th" lale, as well as the pre-
sent mcumbi tit of the Presidential eh.iii 1 have
oflen thought in all llns denunciation Irom which
ihey were willing to screen ihe in in, bul cc ndcuin
the officer, fheie was still not so mm h directed
a},a nst th< of'iii himself, as again t the svscm
whe'ihioi !u mm iriio oi'ice 'Ln blow ihus
*ru \, hi 'w y- appeared 'o me it i u nod at
the eleein li i, < ¡i e if e ugh ff > til rati, as
axercl cd and erij )¡ < d bv the pcopie at lai i> How
many, sn,luvc < nd that the ¡rre-tt body if Ihe la-
boring and piod it ive rías,, if  ml q'lafified loi
a proper dischprgc of this mporrntpi vi'ege iihas
1m en contended 1p this i hss tu ver have, nevei
e oi, nor never wil he t > npttini to un tcr^und me
] loot r funciio is < 1 Gi ve r>i n it How o icm do
v e hear that 'Slam, bunt; and 11 ' rtifttn ng Ihe la-
boring clas>, ar eii .ui< I in polite «it afta u ?
Words are omet mts im re full of nc «inn g thin
it others, an 1 the .ntininj; heie is i! it ties- n h
who are thus desi naicd, a c unf i ' > mako A V c
sidpnt or any eihei o'ucei of G< vernun m, tti • t
snrh high pri1|'e' (]p il >>!r U'tto the handy
a or' of the more wealthy ai d noble Er er in o
pr vp'e con/ersation with gentlemen of tins class,
with whom jou ate on teuvis of intimacy, let the
ieehngs of private friendship disarm each oi policv,
bnng the conversation to this point, and you will
quickly seethe result. A confession m the belief
trmt there is too much liberty m the country Sir,
I charge most of the assaults made upon this Ad-
immsiratiou, to spring from that belief, and I call
upon the country to watch with sleepless vigilance
the progress of this doctrine, and to check it at
every avenue, or they may lameat too late its fatal
prevalence.
It is contended by gentlemen, if we pass this bill,
it will "have a serious effect upon the credit of the
State banks; and another gentleman asserts that if
the bill pass the banks, never can and never will
lesuine specie payments. What' are we to under-
stand by all this? That bank rule is to be the or-
der of the day here, that banks shall dictate to the
Government the course for it to pursue, and for
non-compliance, will defraud their own honest cre-
ditors, by the refusing payment of their notes. This
is a high handed assumption of the banks; but they
go farther- they ask the money of the Government
to be sent to their vaults, to be used in payment of
their debts, and if no money is to be had, they
claim that the Government shall give ciedit to
their notes, in order to induce individuals to re-
ceive them. This, sir, is unparalleled impudence,
not to call it by a harsher name. Are not banks
private property? And what claim have the stock-
holders upon Congress to advance their inte-
rests over that of any other individual or corpora-
tion who hold property of another kind1 It has
been well said that corporations have no souls.
The banks appear to have neither souls or con-
icience. Sir, when these petty institutions shall be
permuted to claim for themselves a public charac-
ter, and prescribe to Government its action, there
w ill be an end of common hbeity and common jus-
tice. I regret that I feel compelled to speak of
State banks, but gentlemen have so thrown them
in my path, that I cannot easily get round them,
and am, therefore, constrained to give them a pas-
sing nonce
But gentlemen contend that the exchanges of the
country ate in a deianged condition, and that Con-
giess is bound to leguUie them Lxchange be-
longs to ihe trade and commerce of the countiy,
and not to its monetary system. Let us understand
it by the operation of a single ca«e We are too
apt to fonn incorrect conclusions by looking at
things in mass A gentleman has money m the
West, which he wishes to m.ike use of in the East.
A friend has money m the East, which he wants m
the West. An exchange takes place between
them, for mutual accommodation, not of the actual
thing itself, but each gives the other an order writ-
ten upon paper to receive his money wheie it is,
and ¡( one should give the other a premium for his
order, this is called ihe rate of exchange Does
not ihis ¡-imple stalement convey a lull idea of the
exchange business of the country. I so understand
it, by all that 1 haves heard on the subject. What,
then, Mr Viesident, is it but a naked simple pu-
vate transaction between individuals, with which
the Government has no more concern than it has
in the eichanse of living animals between their
owners. I cannot discover any obligation imposed
by the Constitution upon Congiess to keep money
in the Eastern cities to exchange with Western
mi rchants for then money at home, for the purpose
oí s.iving to them the expense oi its transportation,
any more thin that Congress should pay the cai-
riage of their goods, vv hen purchased, from the East
to the WeJ Sir, emigrants going westward have
the same right, in principle, to call upon the Go-
ve roment to provide household furniture and do-
mestic mimáis for them in the West, m exchange
for those they are in possession of, m Older to ad-
v.tnee the " ¡metal welfare," as the tiadiug eoi«-
mun ly have to c 4 on Congress for the exchange
o their rain*\, sivc expense to them, and
v h ch they s, _, Congress is bound to do in order to
ponióte the 'general welfjn" Born, sir, and
er-died in tne Up e>[ the Revolution, my iVant
m nd received Us first impressions of government
fiom th?t Const tution under which we now live,
formed by the wise and good men of that day I
wa¿ taught lo believe that the great object of the
Revolution, and ihe end proposed by the Constitu-
tion, was the security of individual liberty, not the
promotion of individual aggrandizement, or the
means of procuring individual wealth. It was to
secure the blessings of liberty, of equal rights to
each and to all, to themselves and to their posterity
forever.   All we ask of the Goyetnment is poteij.
