Mar. 1838 
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bf
25th Cong-.«'2xd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Morris.
Seaate.
tion, security from violence, and the administration
of impartial justice, that the domestic fireside may
be safe from either internal or foreign aggression;
that the bounties of Providence, which we have
gathered through the day by the labor of our own
hands, may be safe from the midnight robber; in
fact, that we all may sit in safety under our own
vine or our own fig tree, and none be suffered to
make us afraid. We crave neither the vine or fig
tree of Government; nor do we wish the power or
means of the Government to enable us to avail
ourselves of the labor, or possess the vineyard, of
another. Riches and wealth" should be the reward
of individual industry, frugality, and economy, and
not acquired by the favor or patronage of Govern-
ment; yet the whole of the arguments against this
bill are based upon this principle—the principle
that the Government is bound to furnish the means
to the citizens, not only of obtaining a livelihood,
but of accumulating a fortune. Sir, this is the lan-
guage of tyranny and despotism, to promise the
people much for the purpose of gaining sufficient
power to rob them of all. I heartily agree in the
sentiment expressed by the President, " that all
communities are apt to look to Government for too
nwch. Even in our country, where its powers and
■duties are so strictly limited, we are prone to do so,
especially at periods of sudden embarrassment and
distress. But this ought not to be. The framers
of our excellent Constitution, and .the people who
approved it with calm and serious deliberation,
acted at the same time on a sounder principle.
They wisely judged that the less the Government
should interfere with private pursuits, the better for
the general prosperity. It is not its legitimate ob-
ject to make men rich, or to repair, by direct grams
of money, or by legislation in favor of particular
pursuits, the losses not incurred in the public ser-
vice. This would be, substantially, to use the pro-
perty of some for the benefit of others; but its real
duty—that duty, the performance of which makes
a good Government the most precious of human
blessings—is to enact and enforce the system of
general laws commensurate with, but not exceed-
ing, the objects of its establishment, and to leave
every citizln and every interest to reap, under its
benign influence, the rewards of virtue, industry,
a:id prudence." The President further says: " 1
cannot doubt that on this, a? on all similar occa-
sions, the Federal Government will find its agency
most conducive to the security and happiness of the
people, when limited to the exercise of its conceded
powers. In never assuming, for a well meant ob-
ject, such powers as were not designed to be con-
ferred upon it, we shall in reality do most for the
general welfare. To avoid every unnecessary in-
terference with trie pursuits of the citizen, will re-
sult in more benefit than to adopt measures which
could only assist limited interests."
Sir, these are the sentiments of our Republican
citizens, and of that eminent man, whom they have
called to preside over the affairs of the country;
they are sentiments, in the belief of which I have
grown up, and they now form the creed of my po-
litical faith, and in the belief of which I expect to
die. Bar, sir, this is not the political doctrine which
the opposers of this Administration inculcate. Their
doctrine teaches a servile dependence of the people
upon the Government for the promotion of indivi-
dual or local interests. A doctrine which makes
the people nothing within themselves; and the Go-
vernment every thing for tie promotion of their pe-
cuniary interests. This is the doctrine of despo-
tism; and the means by which tyrants have always
seized upon power. Establish it here, and your
boasted liberty will be but an empty sound, a mere
delusive phantom, of which you will soon lose even
the sio'ht. It has been thundered in our ears that
the  reat question is, whether the people shall have
bread or no bread. This sound was first heard from
the consuming classes of our grf at commercial ci-
ties; it originated with those, who not only lived up-
on their own credit themselves, but had sold that
credit to their laborers and dependants, and when it
failed and became worthless, for want of a "basis,"
they came forward and asked the Government to
sustain it in its sinking condition, by permitting
them to amalgamate it with the credit of the Go-
vernment; and because this unjust application is re-
fused they laise the cry of bread or ne bread, and
declare that the Government is withholding bread
from the people; indeed this false and groundless
position is assumed on ¡his floor. Gentlemen have
asserted the same thing; indeed they have gone still
further, It has been said, but I do not deem it ne-
cessary to designate gentlemen by reference, that
the duty of the Government, as I understand them,
is, to provide bread for the people. "The duty of
the Government to provide bread for the people!"
clothing, also, I suppose! This idea of providing,
by the Government, for the private wants of the
people, has in it nothing new. It has been long
practised by men whose object was to overturn the
Government of their country, and we find this
scheme resorted to in almostevery age of the world.
When the unnatural son of the Jewish King wished
to dethrone his father, he made use of this same
principle; he told every man who had any applica-
tion to make to the Government that his matters were
just and right, but there was no one deputed to hear
him; and he, also, told all such if he were made
judge in the land, that he would do every man justice.
I fear, sir, the same disposition is felt and breathed
from many a heart, in this our day. "Oh! that I
were made President of these United States, then
should every man have bread." I trust the last
scene of Absalom's career wi.'l not be theirs. And
Watt Tyler, too, if I mistake not the name, pro-'
mised the people of England, in his attempt to
break down the Government of that country, that
when he obtained rule, a four penny loaf should be
sold for two peace, and the price of ale should be
reduced; he also endeavored to make the people be-
lieve that a change in the Administration would
give them abundance of bread. In every age, and
in every country in which the people have not re-
lied for their support and comfort upon their own
individual industry, but have consented to be fed
like cattle from the public crib, the downfall of
freedom has been sure, and the establishment of
despotism certain. If the gsntltmati who have
urged this doctrine, can prove and sustain his prin-
ciples, if I was disposed to exchange liberty for in-
glorious ease, I would not only agree to make him
President, but President for life, with (as gentlemen
now contend the President has) all the power of
the country in his hands; for then we should have
nothing to do, but to eat, drink, and praise our
good Emperor, and obey bis commands! Why,
sir, one gentleman has said the banks cou'd resume
specie payments to-morrow, if confidence was re-
stored, and that confidence depends on the breath
of the Government. This is to me a strange and
dangerous doctrine; it is an admission that all con-
fidence depends on the Government. Tins can
by no means admit: confidence depends on moral
honesty alone. Trie Government has not the
power to make men either moral or honest, though
it may punish individuals fur a violation of either.
It has been repeatedly said, that we who ate in
favor of separating the Government from the
banks, are in favor of a Government back, by
which the power of the Executive is to be vastly in-
creased. Yes, sir. the title page of the speech of
the honorable Senator from Kentucky, now befóte
me, make* this declaration, which the speech itself
was intended to prove. I will read thai tide p..ge:
" Speech of the Hon. Henry Clat, of Kentucky,
establishing a deliberate design on the part of the
late and present Executive of the United States to
break down the whole banking system of the United
States, ami to cieate on their ruins a Treasury Go-
vernment bank, etc." Sir, that Senator is deci-
dedly in favor of a bank created by Congress.
Prove to me that Congres? has power to crea;- a
national b<ink, or to adopt the State banks as rK-ai
agents, and thai this Government cannot carry en
its operations without the aid of a bank, and that
the people requite a paper currency i°? :.-d by
banks, in order to enable them to trans,.i-t th ir
necessary business with advantage; prove thl-, and
I go for a Government bank at once; just such a
bank wnich seems to excite so much terror in the
minds of gentlemen. Pray, why should I not'! If
Government has the power to create a corporation,
and own one-it'"th of its stock, as was the case in
the late Bank of the United States, it has the power
tg  create a like corporation, and own all the
stock. It can create .such corporation, owning all
the stock, and for its own use, with all -the powefs
of contracting, being contracted with, and the lia-
bilities of suing and being sued, as if it owned but
a part of the stock. If such constitutional pother
exists, which I do not admit, the expedieacy svi
safety is clearly in favor of a Government bfhk.
What are the banking operationsybut the barter of
credit with individuals, in'which barter ihe bank is
allowed six per cent, discount on the credit they
buy, and for which they give nothing in return but
their own credit? The credit of individuals thus
bought by the banks amounts, at this time, to up-
wards of 450,000,000 of dollars; the annual interest
on this sum, which is paid by the productive classes
of the United States to the banks, is twenty-seven
millions. Thus this beautiful system, which gen-
tlemen admire and love so fervently, enables a few
bankers to tax, or rather unjustly draws from the
people of the United States a larger sum than is re-
quired to pay the entire expense of the Govern-
ment. If the people of this country must sell their
credit for a credit more extensively passable than
their own, permit them, I beg you, to sell it to the
Government itself, and take the Government credit
in the form of bank notes,' on the same terms as
they obtain the notes of existing bank-*, and thus
the twenty-seven millions which is now paid to a
few individuals, by which extravagance and luxury
is introduced into our country, would go into the
Treasury of the nation, and would in a great de-
gree supersede the entire system of taxation. But
gentlemen say this would enlarge the Executive
power, and strengthen the hands of this Govern-
ment to a dangerous extent. In my opinion the
reverse is the truth of the case. If the Government
must be connected with the banking system at al!,
a Government bank would be the least dangerous,
because it would be constantly under the control of
the people, through the medium of their represen-
tatives in Congress. While, if the Government
was ever allowed to attach itself to private corpo-
rations, cr take them under its care and protection,
it might, by their means, set the people at defiance,
and rule them by a power beyond their control.
This Government can never be too strong for the
people while all its powers can be acted on by the
elective franchise; but vest any portion of its
power in hands from which the people cannot re-
caí it, as is claimed for corporations, and you have
a sure foundation laid by which the Government
can soon make itself fearfully strong.
Bat we are also told that the Executive power
would be increased by a Government bank. I am
not one of those who fear Executive power in this
country; thai branch of our system has very little
otismal and inherent power which can operate
against popular liberty. Most of its actual powers
are derived from, and exercised under, the control
of the other tranches of Government. It can never
reach the liberty of the country without their co-
operation, and through their means. 1 said in my
place, on a former occasion, and I now repeat it,
if the American people ever lose their liberty, it
will take place by the act of an American Con-
gress, and the opening scene of the grand tragedy
will be on the fluor of the Senate. Executive
power, nor no other power, foreign or domestic,
can ever successfully assail the liberties of this
country, if the representatives of the people are
faithful to their trust. If, then, we are to have a
banking sysU m and a paper currency, give me a
Government bank and Government paper. A
bank of this kind would be constantly under the
power of the people, and subject to their control,
through their representatives in Congress. All
thr «e appointed to manage n.< concerns could be
chosen by joint resolution; and Executive influence
bo eiurely excluded, if that influence sheuM be
t-,-r,ght dangerous :n such an institution as this.
A".i why do not centlei.ien, who are so anxious
for a bank of ¡he United States, propose a scheme
of this kind! The answer is obvious; its profits
would belong to the whole people, and not to a fa-
vored few. It could not be used by political men
against the Government, and of course would
lose its charm upon those who are striving for place
and power. It would not establish an aristocracy
of wealth screened behind corporate privileges,
