Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
213
25rn Co\G'"-2n.d bt,ss.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Benton.
Seaate-
seduction was concerned, was then fully if led, a date
thereby presents itself which becomes the touchstone
of the accusatioi It is in the spring of the j ear 1829
that Gei era! Jackson has a meeting, and a consulta-
tion, and resolves to bend the Bank to his pur-
poses, or to break it, and it is in June of the
same year that f>e vile seduction is atiemp'ed,
and is so indgnantly repulsed1 Of course, fiom
that tima forward, (¿cncial Jackson coila í<-cl
nr thing bu' resentmcn,t aspms' trie un^edacib'e
Mr B ud (, and Mr B.ddle could feci nothing but
abhoiieiiee for the man tha' r>«*d nt«irptt 1 lis
honor Now mark what havoc a few stoub rn
dates, and a few recorded facts, will irake ol ill
this fi'-ie romance' The spring of 1821 j the díte
of this ferteious resolution of seduction, ¡ r l«sit ac-
tion, and of repulse at «¡(.Jnttion Now what does
January of 1830 bring forth' A noil na ion to the
Senate of the Urn ed Stales, by Gencal Jackson, ci
this same Mr Eiddle to be cne ot the Government
directora of the bank, and nominated at the head of
the list, which was tantamount to nominating him
for the presidency of ihe Innk In th  Señale this
nomination is unanimously voted tor by the friends
of General Jaclison, and Mr BidJIe accepts the
appointment ihus confeffed This is one da'e and
one fact What next' Win, m January, 1831,
President Jackson repeats the same noma iai.on,his
friends in the Señale give it the same unanimous
vote, and Mr B (Idle r"p< ats his acceptance ot this
repeated appointment This is a seco id date, and
a second fact Is the'e anj thing more' \ec-, si,
another nomination—another unanimous vote f i
it—and another acceptance, in January, 1833 So
that three times, n three tears, after resolving on
the destruction of Mr Bidd'  , id'he b^nk—a''er
aesolving to b nd the bank ' > h - ^u^oses, o- lo
break it—this % tole it i iat> v ho u II b oo c no
opposition to his wOl, jeplaced ' íe same Air Bid-
die as a Government dnector, and indicated him
for the head of the institution, and three times, in
three }e<is, after this attemp'ed seduction, did Mr
Biddle receive appointments at the flaw's of the
man ivtmm, be now gives us to nn ferstand, he held
in abi orrence on "ccoun  oí nai a tep>pt
Mr Pre> d^nt  there are eses m which the ui<
man i s (f the Id v — he Mo ■> ", as v   d  *>&  trie
civil, an 1 the coil nn h v—ir  if an   mriediate
crv,   rid vv tli  to  h<- en 'o a sm e ?ccos at > i     Tn°
jnst«.nc  bc't          i  citt o lis  c^ s     In    v i-
gm ba'ik '''cu d havr scr timed i Tim' lQ-¡; i
Wistoolate to Legu , laintlv n 1U) !bJ2 a  r
it was knovn ih it the veto vvps i evolved u jp, and
only rise to an audible shriek in December, 1833,
after the dep s tes had been removed Su'h h ng
dela)ed complaint of outrage, and then a 1-np.ig
and halting (opiplamt, under such urcumstancts,
looks more like the accusation oí revenge than 'he
shriek of injured innocence It looks I ke the ac-
cusation of Potnhar s vv ife against Joseph No,
sir' the accusation >s false upon its .ace It is
proven to be fal e bj dates and facts, but ihe | roof
docs not s'op her" I have ano'her piece ol evi-
dence in my possess on, of ctiaiactei «ti I higher
and of effect «till more conclusive, to be piodu.ee1
if the Senate pleases it is a 'etter fiom General
Jackson himself, an! being a letter, it cannot be
rpad except by the leave oi the Senate [Cries ol
leave, leave, leave, from d fferent parts or the
chamber ] Mr Ii would a ail himself of tne
leave which 'vas granted, an! would lead die let-
ter, but he nisi chose to explain the circumstances
unt'er v Inch it came to be written We have
many prophets in ti is time, said ¡\í B but most
of them s.re ex po4 Jacto peilormers in the art of di-
vination—foretelling most accurately the whole
event after it had happened I on the contraiy,
have undeitaken to practice a little in the old way
—to dtvme ahead—to prophettze of a coming
event, and so, «hen on my «ay to Congress last
fall, 1 wrote to General Jackson from mv steam-
boat m the Ohio river, to inform him of this attack
which was to be made upon h m in the Senate, and
to sav to him that ¡Í he chose to answer it himself,
and would write me a letter to that eflect, i would
dramatize ihe scene, w hen the attack was made,
by introducing' him to speak lor himself The at-
tack has been made, and here is the ansvv er, a let-
ter  from the Hermitage, dated  November 29,
1837, all written in the old General's own hand,
and written with the vigor and rapidity of an arm
tnat was driving tne British and the Indians before
i'     Th'S is the letter..
' The charge made of my being Iritndlv to the Bank ol the
I tited^ ates mm I lound it could nottje used tosubsirve my
political purpo¡>es, whtn I turned against it   is on" oí tbe basest
cal jmtilt.s ever utter* 1    fruch mitral] pionounceit vvinkajw
j v th r f about m"    I hav e ei er opposed the establishment of
i sbmkongrounc  of both conMitutiot ality and expediency
1 VV lea the amtoctatic lew at JSashviile last rnadea toe vt
in r   to obtain a branch theie they were forestalled by a law of
i   Le"   tature, imposing a htavj  fine upon any bank that
i u'la  etnpt todo business wiilini the limits of Ihe ^tate
wt   out uunghis charu-rcd by the I cgisldlure i! ereof    7 hi
pr v   i iiofthelegl latuie bad my coidlal appul atiou  aid
ptev i. i eJ, v/hi'e it cortimird *n force, a location ol the oranch
(-ft t i an* at Nashv i le, bat it w as afterward repealed     I wab
ab&em a. the time the subject ni repeal was oiscus-ed, but
r^a'-hej   le ¡seat of Government th*1 night before the ñnal vo e
o t   | a^sagc w the -state ^enare, aiiu i i time to expo« ulatf
wi h '    bert C f-oster e q tfen the f re ldtng officer over that
bojy    I warned him ol ihedangei of repcabrs that law   aid
s'attd to \ im that tht. object ol th   e whf lavored the repeal
wast! e in roductiort of the United ^tate& Ba ik and that the rt
suits of the operation of thii institution m iennessee would be
to drain the ^ ate ol its precious metaK, icr the benefit of the
foreigner wh held it0stouk   The circurrs anee ttatthere ftdi
at this time but one or two in iviuua]= in thi° State who owned
any stock ofthe n & ltution enabled me to press the argument
on th        re w th considerable for^e    But Mr   Fo«tei   if now
•> f pea     l>, nijtetvou Ii (or the laet that my objections to tie
ba k v tie founded principalis on mv convicuoo that its char
tei was n    aut lonzed by the Constitution of the United b ates
My admonitions were  lowevcr, u> heeded 'he penalty was re
iealed,a d as I f re«aw and piedicled     ttps were soon taken
to ob a n 'he location ol abranch at Nashville    A memorial to
tus eft     was pre'c" ed to me for my signature, which 1 pe
i em toi i \ rcf Jsed to sign     General C adwallader shortly after
v.**!-1   caí íe to Nashvil e as agent of thebaik and visited and
d ned with me    My opposition to he bank, and repugnante to
i s e tabl o orient at Nashville weie   on tkis occasion as free
a d uT"t-scrved as thev i^ad been bef ire
feme hort period after the visit of Ceneral Cadwalladei
v.V the ranch wa-- c iblished a recommenda ion lor the
a^, omtn tut ol two gentlemen to fiUthep aces oi us presiden
a l c ishler was sho'n n to n" v\ itn. a request that T %h jLld ctu e
nowlt Is ^c the (lar tier oí tl ete tw t ti lemen Tl <•
31 v 1 e r u ah'^heu i d ! e pe > ^ jle tj " " cu se ' vs t h
a i s a e ant iuf It pre ed ir * ce i h e ce tl e t o <-en
t' ne re ured'o ! e ie,i i¿ ! Lin t( be hoi ec~ ^n tl a a- ara
thev hiücontro'o\ei tl l ¡ns itu ion it vrni d notoewied*d
or co rt pt p 1 tic.il puij osc« This recoinniendanon Í have
been fj i íe I, has been u ed to ¡ ¡ove my approba ion of the
c ail (i^ ent or this bank K^ as0 las m} a<*ency n fir
WRrdmt; a memorial from ¡he mercantile lntc'st, of Pensacola,
an >ear 1&21, when I was tht Govemor cf F onda On this
i"s oí casi i >, my h isti ity to the bank was Ireelv expressed, bu
th s did not restrain me in in loi war ling a n e-non lot thecitl
.ti = ¡or theestihhslmieritofab anth \s C ov ernor of the Ter
t I eemed i my duty to roakt 1 nov n the wi bes and fee!
in"        h     cop1    hov «\t,r difltient u°y werefrem my own
í           tarlv mb btd the ri ousv tf tfose v\ ho framed the
f        i         i   ii re pect to  nt     nztrs of -uonopohes tithe free
ticen?  i      1 to he stvei   " tv    id efnc cy of our
"s    t   (ío     n i enls   1 lip  p ti en alvv vs unfnendlv to the
larkrl         T rlted ¡si it.      ^.or have 1 scoped help    Mv
views i a\t be o   q t^l v íepti^Od t to t e t tabli timent of
-act       ^ of tne e p      r i «i e     o   a 1 ntus   recoi'ect vvho
Ii        i^v krowled^"       t) cor 'nc' as a ti z o o*" Tennessee,
ni  ii    tu   ilv ol the ¡ irtíuckwbe   H   laie Siute 1 ink was
i^     in ite I     My po morí i   w is and f t.   ever been <-mce I
ha"ve i en a^le to fi m ai t i 11 n on     i' su^tct   that Con
ci      has i o \ o t to chat   i a b i in. prd tlia    bt  & ''t^s aie
lull    lie 1 bv  h   Con utu   on fiom l   u n§ bil    ot ei-t_dn   o.
grant i g adiarte bv v   i   i   u   i bn's ci   b   i &utd bv any
c i j              ol other bod)
I3-"ing'ead the letter, Mr B «¡t1 id he should
ma1 e b ' three remiiks upon n, fits', that it con-
inned a peremptory contradiction of ih.s whole
spin or turning aganst the bink, because he
c i'x "nt bend P to ^is purposes, secondly, that
' s ohs General Jac' son to have been aiwa)S op-
i s d t any B< nk of the Un.tel Sta'es, ?nd
n^ai is i'ie recharter of the late one, tlmdhj. thru
i es ríes home a knovvleuge of all this to the bank
Pselt in l! e person of its confidential agent, its fre-
rac«' director, and the fr end andconnection of Mr
B 'die
Gcnei ii Jackson is cleared of ihe f< ul imputa-
lion, and how stands the matter of fact with that
bark' Is if, oi is it not, a political ns^hine, and
ps s.jth constantly \voikmg with a political pam
and wi h that nartv whose tenets favor the 'unda-
ment-l j nnciplesof that corporation'' I hold the
afriima ive of these inquine , and shall insist that
the bank was crea e 1 ft r a political machine,
tiat it always has been, and foretei will be, such
a machine, and that it be ongc tc the ra'U whose
latí udmarian doctrines, ard whose p->ssioi for a
strons and splendid Government, find a i a'ura!
«uppou in an ms'itution w hose princj le ere—con-
cenlrat on of wealth exclusive privileges, mrnn.
poly, perpetuity <-f existen e, irre«t insibiht> !o the
people, and succession of ipembership I\at onai
banks owe their es'ab1 shtnen' m "iese TTn ei
States, to General Harndtcn—a frank and a biave
man,   who   scorned   to    deny   or   tt>   dissemble
his   objects.      He   made   his   first   report   to
Congress, m fa\or of a national bank, in Decern 
ber, 179J, and in that original proposition for cre-
ating the institution, he boldly avows its political
charaetei.    These are his words    '* S«ek a bank ut
not a mer' matter ef private property, but a POLI-
TICAL MJ1CHWE of the highest importance to the
Slate "    Created then for a political machine, it
immediately entered upon the fulfilment of its desti-
nation; and this first bank, thus created,   said by
Marshall, in his Life of Washington, " To have
contributed  to   thai   complete   organization  of those
distinct and visible parties, v>h eh, m their long and
dubious   confluí for  power,  have   since shaken the
Umt'd States to  their   centre '    A  political   ma-
chine, defining parties, an J acting with tha Fede-
ralists during the whole period of its exis'ence,
the first Bank of the United atatps «rank under the
odium of its p rty character    The Republicans, in
the ascendant, refused to renew us charter in 1811.
The question of renewal, ac the debates of the tira*
full} show, largely turned upor the political cha-
racter and conduct ot the msntution, and a member
of the Senate, then and no   on this floor, [Mr.
Clay,] characterized the Federal Senators prtsent
as the Macedonian phalanx of the bank.
The creation of the second bank, in 1816, was
also contested as apolitical institution, but with an
almost total reversal of parties. Mr. Madf$on's
administration, in putting down the first bank, had
committed the great error ot falling back upon the
local banks for a national paper currency. Instead
of re-establishing the currency of the Constitution
for th  Federal Treasury, and especially restoring
the gold currency, by correcting the erroneous
standard of that n.etal, and therebj preserving an
adequate supply of the precious medals for the Uss
of the whole cruntrj the great error was commit-
t°d of fallms? back upon the paper cmrencies of the
State5 The fruit of that error was ¡he specdv
reduction of the Federal Government to the use oí
broken bank paper, the m\olverneiit uf the whole
community m the same calarmu, ana a >- ür<. to
a second ría tic nal Bank to supply a latioaai paper
currency The second bank was brougat tor  ard,
m the extremity of their distress, by the Repsbli-
can Administration, to hiep them out of the mod
and mire of a broken bank currency, and to aid
them in the operations of the Government. It u-¿=
then to be a machine on their side. As such, u
was supported by Republicans, as such it was
opposed by Federalists, a reversal of parti position
having taken place m relation to the tank, and
each party havma; /alien mto the delusive bejiei
that a national Bank cojld be the supporter of a
Republican Adm nistration1 Parties changed posi-
tion, a tew individuals standing firm en each side,
but the masses, crossing over, taking taoh othtri
p'aces, and freelv dealing out the accusa'ions oí,
inconsistence—desertion—abandonment ot fi end-.
—compromise if pr¿ncple, etc <S-c Itwou'd be
tedious to verify this; siatemeut by <  citation of
speeches, and t.ie reading of jeas and nay , nor
sit necessaivto cite much A smgle quotat.on
from the speeches of the two em nent members,
one of the Senate and one ot the Hoj^e, and fc^'h
present members of this bodv—then on oposite
sides m relation to the bank, now both on the
«ame side in favor of it—will illustrate the point
in issue, and establish everv thing nec'sarv to be
known anoutit Bj one of these speeches lie
creation oí the Dank na  advocated as a p t ital
novver, necessarv to be possessed bv iN Ftdcrrl
Government, as a coun erpoise to the po neat
povvet which the local banks gave to th> State',
and the loyally of the Siaenwhicn ne richer
bank was placed, was re'itd upon to pi event a
concurrence in anv icheine for subverting tht Fe-
deral Government Bv tne other sp^aUr, tha
cieauon ot this bank with a participation in us
irauPgenvnt and riirecucn by the appo.ntoW of
fveiiicciois—its capital of thirtv-five millions.—
and uit coniro' and irfijeuot. Avivch the Govern-
ment won!! hav c o rt it, ptesenicd it asan object of
ncc and deiormttv, and as giving to the Govtrn-
rnent a power over ¡le luttiU'ioc, and w«r indi-
v dua s vvh eh «< tin1 enable  t 10 bring aay ¡nan.
• rito terms, and to tompe1 the bark ifyp't «~, ó
whatever the Adnufli-traiKn p'eased
