Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
215
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
the country by deportation; then attempted to be
imprisoned, and shut out from the light of day, by
shutting down all the banks upon it; then attempt-
ing to drive it off by turning loose upon it a pesti-
ferous issue of shia-plasteis and small tictes, and
now straining might and main to keep it down by
keeping up irredeemable paper, preventing a re-
sumption of specie payments, and forcing a cur-
rency of broken bank notes into the coffers of the
Federal Government;
Another vv,\r which we have seen going on ever
since the veto session, six years ago, and which we
still see, is upon the general business of the country;
turning off laborers, reducing wages, stopping
work, shutting up factories; expanding and con-
tracting the paper currency, so as to make money
plenty one day and scarce the next; monopolizing
bread aad fuel, to double their price, while dimi-
nishing the capacity of the laborer to purchase;
fabricating distress by every act ui'real oppression,
and aggravating it by every art of fictitious exag-
geration; looking forward to an "awful winter" as
to a banquet of intellectual enjoyment; scarcely^.-
concealing their dissatisfaction with Providenoe for"
giving mildness instead of severity of weather, and
insulting the victims of their oppression by doling
out to them ati ostentatious and contemptible
charity.
Another of these wars, one which we have wit-
nessed ever, since  the Presidential election in the
House of Representatives, in February, 1835, is
that which has been so appropriately denounced by
the Senator from Ohio, who sits to the left, [Mr. Mor-
ris,] and which exceeds all others in enormity, be-
cause it is a war upon the fundamental principles
of our Constitution, and upon the form ol the Go-
vernment under  which we live.    The revival of
this war dates from the election of Mr. Adams by
the House of Representatives, in  1825,  but its
origin iscoeval with the foundation of the Govern-
ment.   Up to the first election of Mr. Jefferson, in
1800, this war was carried on openly and furiously,
and the   sentiment contained   in - the elder Mr.
Adams's book on the American  Constitutions, thai
the British Constitution, with its king, lends and colli-
sions, icits the most stupendous fabric of human inven-
tion, had its  open and public defenders.    The se-
cond election of Mr. Jefferson  sunk Federalism
too   low.    It   drove it   into a   state  ol   hiberna-
tion, far   noi-ih, from   which   it   d:d not emerge
for   many   years ;   and   which   left   it   without
distinctive   character, or object, until   the   Con-
gress election of the second Mr. Adams.    Then
the ancient principles of the party revived, and the
war recommenced  upon the principles, and upon
the form, of our Government, in the attacks which
were made upon the capacity of the people to choose
their own Presidents. This war then recommenced,
aad has continued ever since; for what is this eter-
nal denunciation of General Jackson, but a denun-
ciation of that immense majority of the American
people, who have three times preferred him for Pre-
sident, and a fourth time approved his policy in the
election of his successor?    What is this infinite ac-
cumulation of degrading epithets  upon the mad,
wicked, outlandish, and ruinous administration of
General Jackson, but an application of the same
epithets to the people who elected him, and who
have approved his Administration?    What is this
cry for a change of the "experimenttrs," but a cry
for a change of the voters who elect thetn'i    Be-
yond doubt, the capacity of the people to chosse
thier representatives, is attacked m these incessant
assaults upon their representatives; and the zeal and
unanimity with which this war is carried on, make
it high time lo coasidei it in its true aspect, as a de-
liberate waging of hostility upon the principles, of
our Constitution, and the form of our Government.
Finally, we see a war against an individual,
against a retired citizen, an aged man, one that has
done the State some service—a, war of which there
are but few examples in the annals of Christendom,
or within the  boundaries of the  civilized world.
General Jackson is no longer on the stage of ac-
tion; he is no longer in any man's way.    Through
the portals of everlasting fame he has made his exit
from the stage of public life, and has. gone into thai
retirement never  more to be withdrawn from it,
which he has always sought, and from  which his
country has so often recalled him.   Repose is the
only boon that he now asks of the world, and such
a man has certainly a right lo tranquillity—a right
to be free from invasion—in the evening of his days,
and in the shelter of his own house. But he is not
free from invasion. Persecution fo.lows him. A
war of unexampled ferocity is waged against him;
and the destruction of his character, public and pri-
vate, and the laceration of his feelings, seem lo .be
the relentless design of the assailants. That I may
do no injustice to any one by mistaken recitals, I
will here exhibit some specimens of this warfare,
as I find them preserved and perpetuated in the
primed copy of a speech delivered on this floor.
I lead from a revised copy, bearing every mark of
authenticity, and of deliberate preparation.
"War and strife, endless war and si rife, persona] or na-
tional, foreign or domestic, were the aliment of the late Pre-
sident's existence. War asainst the bank, war against Frame,
and an He and contention with a countless number of indivi-
duals. The ware with Black Hawk and the Seminóles were
scarcely a luncheon for his voracious appetite; and he made
his exit from public life, denouncing war and vengeance against
Mexico and the State banks.''
When Mr. B. had read this paragraph, Senator
Ljnn inquired of him from whose speech he was
reading?
Mr. B. said he would answer the inquiry authen-
tically, by reading the title page of the speech.  He
read:
"Speech of the Hon. Henry Clay, of Kentucky, establishing
a deliberate design, on the part of the late and present. Execu-
tive of the United States, to break down the whole banking sys-
tem of the United States, commencing with the Bank of the
Inited States, and terminating with the State banks, and to
create on their ruins a Government Treasury Bank, under the
exclusive control of the Executive, and in reply to the speech
of the Hon. J. C. Calhoun, of South Carolina, supporting that
Treasury Dank Delivered in the Senate of the United Stales,
February 19. 1S3S. Printed by Gales and Seaion, Washington
City, ib38 "
Sir, this is the speech from which 1 read. The
paragraph is a brief one, but it is comprehensive;
and in the eagerness of the speaker to get at the
victim, the,public interests, the existing interests of
the country, are overlooked, and endangered. Who
can now look for any indemnities from Mexico, or
for ai.y submission from the Seminole Indians, un-
til after the next Presidential election is over? Who
can now count upon the quietude of Black Hawk,
the removal of the Cherokees, or the peace of the
Western frontiers? The foreign and domestic poli-
cy of General Jackson is set down to the love of
strife, anththe spirit of vengeance; this must excite
all foreign nations, and all Indians, to resist his
policy His personal difficulties are said to be
countless, although we can count the whole popu-
lalian of the Union; they are said to be endless, al-
though he is known to have had no such difficulties
for a quarter of a century, and to have become the
friend and benefactor of many of those with whom
he has had dissensions. Granted tnat he has
had personal difficulties, and violent ones, yet
ihey can be counted, and they have ended.
Violence subsides; malice never dies! and that
is the difference between General Jackson's feuds,
and those of some other persons. Sir, I have some
knowledge upon this subject; and this letter, (hold-
nig up one from General Jackson} delivered to me
ttnec I lose to speak, the seal yet unbroken, can
«tret.'., that his animosities are not endless. "War
and strife, endless war and strife, &c. &c. were the
aliment of the late President's exislence." And
this is to be said of a citizen who, at the early age
of thirty-three, resigned the place of Senator on
this floor to go home, and live upon a farm so re-
tired as to merit, and to receive, the name of Her-
mitage; who, being called thence to the bench of
the Supreme Court of his State, resigned that sta-
tion to return lo his farm; who, being called again
to lead an army to victory and to glory, and to be
made Governor of an important Territory, with a
high salary, a third time resigned to go back to his
farm; who, being for the second time placed as Se-
nator upon this floor, still resigned to go back to
his farm; who, being offered embassies and depart-
ments, refused to touch them; and who, being
twice called to the Presidency of the United States,
availed himself of the first moment ol* the expira-
tion of his office again to return to his farm, never
more to be dragged away from it. This is the man
whose aliment is strife, \tho<:e luncheons are wars,
who went off breathing vengeance'
But 10 continue the reading:
" His Administration consisted of a succession of astounding
measures, which fell on the public oar like repeated bursts of
loud and appalling thirodgfe Béfóre ttfe reverberations oí*one
peal had ceased, another* ahd-áScáierlámfe, louder .and louder,
and more terrifying. Oí rather it VMliJte?. volcanic moun-
tain, emitting frightful eruptionsofburning lava. Befsreoae
was cold andcrusted; before the voices of the inhabitants of
buried villoees, and cities were hushed ift' eternal silence, ano-
ther, more desolating, was vomited forth, extending wider sod
wider the circle of death and destruction."
And this is the Senatorial description of General
Jackson's administration! that Administration
which has filled the country with prosperity at
home, and covered it with honor abroad, and which
has revived and restored the Republican spirit of
our Government, and rallied the Republican party
on the ground which it occupied under the illustri-
ous Administration of President Jefferson.
Sir, it is not my intention to analyze this descrip-
tion, or to inquire into the truth of the allegations
it contains. I leave that work to the moral sensé^oí.
the community! I leave it to those who have wit-
nessed these astounding measures—heard this ap-
palling thunder—seen ihis volcanic mountain—and
beheld this frightful river of burning lava! I leave
it even to those "voices hushed in eternal silence"
—lo the voices of the inhabitants of the cities,,
towns, and villages, buried, crusted over, and cold,
under the volcanic eruptions vomited forth by this
desolating mountain!
And what has General Jackson done to draw
upon him this relentless and undying persecution?
Sir, he has done nothing but let the people elect,
him President, and then so administered the .Gp-
vernment as to carry the star of his civil fame to
the highest point in the political firmanent, there to
remain forever, searing the eyeballs of. envy, bu\
cheering the heart, and guiding the footsteps of pa-,
triotism, and shedding its benign influence on the
freedom, happiness, prosperity, and glory of his
country.
Mr. President, I have answered some of the at-
tacks on the Republican party which have been,
brought forward in this debate. They are such
attacks as we have been accustomed to see for.
many years, and which have given to this chamber
more the appearance of an electioneering hustings
than a hall of legislation. We opened the debate
on the meritsof the bill; Opposition gentlemen have
converted it into a canvass for the Presidency, ami.
a contest for power. We have been obliged to'
follow ihem in this unparliamentary course, so far
at least as to repel some of their attacks. Having
done this, I take up the bill, and shall limit myself
to a brief examination of its principles, and to a
defence of some of the points on which it is assailed;
and shall conclde with some observations upon the
conduct of parties, and the political prospect ahead.
The bill contains  two principles, and but two.
1. The  exclusion of all  banks  from the use and
custody of the public moneys.   2. The exclusion
of all bank notes from the receipts and expendi-
tures of the Federal Treasury. These are the prin-
ciples; all the  rest is detail.   Against these two
principles a strong division of this House rises up;
among them a few of our own political Iriends, but
the mass and body of the division are the friends of
the Bank of the United States.   The justice of this
opposition, and especially in the quarter from which
it chiefly comes, can well be judged of by recollect-
ing that both these principles have been in full
force against all the State banks for nearly forty
years out of the forty-eight that our Government
has been in existence    They were so enforced
during the whole time that the two Banks of the
United States have existed.   I have not got the by?
laws of the first National Bank, but I have the
charters of both, and the by-laws of the second. By
these charters, the two Banks of the United States
were entitled to the custody cf the public moneys,
to the exclusion of the local banks; and, by their
by-laws, the notes of these local banks were exclu-
ded from pa)ments to and from the Federal Trea-
sury.    I have a copy of these laws, as passed by
the second Bank of the United States, and merely
adopted from the code oí the first one, in which this
exclusion is enacted, and which runs in these words:
[Here Mr. B. read the 24tb and the 25th articles of
the by-laws of the Bank of the United States, passed
immediately after the establishment of the bank, an [I
excluding the  notes of ail Slate banks fro in .ail
payments to .the United States, except the notes of
the specie-paying banks situated in the saine pía«£
