216
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mai*. 1838.
25th Cong-—2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
with the branch; and directing the notes of those
that excepted to be presented to the bask that
issued them, for payment, at least, once m every
week.]
This by-law was enacted in the year 1817, and
was rigorously enforced until the removal of the
deposites in October, 1833; it was therefore seven-
teen years in force under the second bink; and
having been twenty years in force under the first
bank, it results that thio exclusion of State bank
notes from the Federal Treasury has actually been
in force nearly forty years out of the forty-eight
which our Government has ex.sted. The slight
exception in the non-receivability <.f these no<es
was an exception to the prejudice of the local
institutions; the exception «as, limned to the few
banks located in the same town which contained
the branch bank, and was an injury to these banks,
for it caused their notes to be taken out of. circula-
tion, and to be presented to them in mass.es (or im-
mediate payment. Thus the great mass of the
bank  were peremptorily excluded from all re-
ceivabihty ot their notes; and as for the few
which Were nominally excepted, the exception
■was an injury to them, and to my knowledge
was complained of as such. Now, what was the
conduct of the local banks under this forty years'
exclusion from the use and custody of the public
moneys under the provisions ot National Bank
charters, and this forty years' exclusion of their
notes from Federal receipts and expenditures
under the enactments of National Bank by-lawsl
What was their conduct under these long and
double exclusions? Sir, it was the conduct of con-
tentment, of satisfaction, of entire acquiescence '
They made no complaint, they asked for no change
On the contrary, they endeavored to perpetuate it,
and have always celebrated the period of their
exclusion as the finest era of our currency, and the
safest state of the Federal revenues. This they did
in 1832, when our tables groaned under memorials
from local banks to recharler the Bank of the United
Sutes; this they did again in 1833, when they
prayed for the restoration ol the deposites to the
Bank of the United States-, and actually refused to
receive them; and this they do now in praying lor
another National Bank.
A celebrated French satirist has made us ac-
quainted with a most worthy country gentleman,
who had talked piose all his life without knowing
It; so of these local banks. They have been ruined
for forty yeais without knowing it During the
whole period of the existence ot the two National
Banks they were m as tate of total exclusion—abso-
lute divorce—from all connection with the Federal
Treasury. With this divorce, thus effected by cor-
poration by-laws, they were contented and hippy,
nay, wished it to be eternal' but the moment the
same divorce is proposed to be effected by an act oí
Congress, the banks are in arms against it, and de-
clare themselves ruined if it is done. This is a
noble instance of consistency—of submission to a
Bank of the United States, and of resistance to the
Government of the United States The same ot
politicians—or all that class el politicians who ad-
vocate a National Bank They go lor the divorce
of the by-laws, and against the divorce by a law
of Congress They support a Bank of the United
States in excluding the local banks from all connec-
tion with the Government, and they support the
local banks in resisting the Government of the
United States in proposing the very same disconnec-
tion. They are now altogether for the local bank',
and no praise too high for them, three years ago
they were against them, and no abuse too low for
them. When these banks resisted the panic, and
did well, these politicians denounced ihem; now
that they have stopped payment, and injured the
country, and deprived the Government el its re-
venues, these same politicians exalt them to the
skies. This is inconsistency—inconsistency in the
means, not in the object. The object is to re-esta-
blish the National Bank, and the means aie, to have
another loss of Government revenues, and there-
upon, another argument to restore their idolized
Institution. This they declare' for they tell us,
with the defiance of over-confidence, that they take
these local banks as a half-way house—as a house
balT-way to the Bank of the United States—where
they will lodge and refresh a night, and then gal-
lop into the Chestnut street palace, as a breakfast
ride, the next morning. And so it will be. Trust
them again1 and the State banks will fail again as
they did uunng the war, as they did in 1819, ?s
they did m 1837, and as thev are now doing in
1838 They will fail again;" the Federal Govern,
ment will lose its revenues agim, and then the cry
will be redoubled lor a National Sank.
Mr. President, 1 have opinions upon this subject
—opinions not of recent adoption, or hasty forma-
tion Their ougin dates far back—a full quarter
of a centuiy, and they have been receiving confir-
mation ever since, I was in the public service
durine the late war—witnessed the failure of the
Sta'e banks, and saw the diamines ot a Govern-
ment, and of a people, destitute ol specie The first
Bank of the United States had expelled specie—it
hail done what Mr Madison said it would do, m
that mastirly speech of 1791, which never has
been, and never can be, answered In that speech
he placed at the head of the list of the disadvan-
tages of such a bank, these prophetic words "First-
Bannhmg the precious mitals, by substituting another
medium to pet fot m tkcxr ojjice " At the expiration
ol its charter, in I'Ul, it had completely effected
this work It had banished the precious metals.
There was but ten millions oí specie left in the coun-
try' Two great errors were then committed- first,
in not replenishing the country with specie, and
especially with gold, secondty, in falling back upon
the paper of local banks for a national currency.
In tins condition, destitute of specie, and relying
upon the notes of local banks, we went into the
war The result was inevitable—the explosion of
our whole monetary system—the bankruptcy of the
Treasury—the ruinous use of depreciated paper—a
resort to Treasuiy notes, on which the creditor
often lost 33J per cent —loans on oppressive terms
—and the Government forced to make common
cause with broken banks for the mutual support of
each others credit All this I saw I saw the ca-
lamities, the humiliation, and the sufferings of the
country, and I heard the loud and insolent tnumphs
of the Federal party—that part of it which opposed
the war—exulting over an empty Treasury, an un-
paired public credit, a depreciated paper currency,
and the national degradation for want of solid mo-
ney 1 saw a 1 this, and my head, anrt my heart,
both told me that the countiy ought never to be
subjected to such a latí again
This was my war experience, and now for the
experience of peace. After thiee years of war,
peace came, and with it, came revival of busmes.,
and a multitude of local bank , and, at their head, that
immen-e clarlatm of the m< netary system—a Na-
tional Bank' Off went the whole together, specie
payments resumed, confidence lestorcd, the credit
system in. all its glory, and every ¡branch of busi-
ness defended to thp bursting point To judge of
every thing by a 'ingle instance, it is sufficient to
name the public lan'Js, of which the amount of
i wf NTV-1.IGHT millions of dollars was sold in a
suiele year' and nearly all on credit, payable in
sifc and solid speci? paying bank notes. In two
years the whole of these banks, the charlatan
among the rest, were «wamped Then we had a
repetition ol the scenes of seven years before No
specie, no notes equivalent to specie, no credit, no
revenues, no price ror property' Tender laws—
pioperty laws—replevin laws—stay laws, the or-
der of the day' An entire stagnation of business
followed, nut fictitious, but real, and such was the
fall in the price of all produce, all property, and
the wages of all labor, owing to the failure of the
banks, and the absence of specie, that all debtors
were placed in the jaws of rum, and most of them
entirely ruined There was no Treasury order
then, no removal of deposites, no veto, no Jack-
son administration to ruin the country, yet the dis-
tress and 'uffenng was actually then, what it is
faKely said to be, and wickedly attempted to be
made, at present. There is no comparison between
the state of things then and now.
At this epoch, this second explosion of the paper
system, I came into the Senate of the United
States. I came here in the autumn of 1820 I
tra\elled from the Mississippi to the Potomac
amidst the crash of falling banks, th« wrecks of a
paper currency, and the lamentations of a suffering
ñauan. I arrived here to see a Government with-
out a dollar, and borrowing money to pay its daily-
expenses, which, the year before, boasted a reve-
nue of fortv-seven millions, and tormented itself with
schemes to get ud of surpluses' I commenced
my Senatorial career under these circumstances-
circumstances to make me meditatp, and to make
me feel. Happily, my associations were with the
fathers of the Republic—wnh Macon and Ran-
dolph, whose intimacy I enjoyed, and whose
friendship I possessed. My reading was that of
the early history of the Government—the Revolu-
tion, the Confederation, the formation ol the Con-
stitution of '89, and the workings of the machinery
of the Federal Government under the administra-
tions of the earlier Presidents—Washington, Adams,
and Jefferson. The result of this association, and
of this reading, was a thorough conviction, 1. That
the Federal Constitution was formed by hard-money
men, and was intended to be a hard money Go-
vernment, 2. That it had been converted into a
paper money Government, contrary to the genius
and intention of the Constitution, 3. That this de-
parture from the Constitution was the cause of the
moneyed calamities during the war, and again at
that time, 4. That the remedy for these calamities
was to return to the plain meaning of the Constitu-
tion, as expressed in the revenue act of 1789, and
to confine the- receipts and expenditures of the Fe-
deral Government to gold and silver com only.
These were my convictions, and as soon as circum-
stances were auspicious for action, I commenced a
scries ot measures, all tending to cany back the
fiscal action of the Government to the intention «f
the Constitution; fully believing that if the Federal
Government would require gold and silver for its
own Treasury, it would cause enough to be brought
into the countiy, and to remain in the country, to
supply the whole body of the people with hard
money for all their common and ordinary dealings
and transactions It was not until General Jack-
son's administration, that I was able to take any
strong and direct measures towards the accomplish-
ment of the great object which presented itself to
my view. The sagacious Mr. Macon often said to
me that it was in vain to attempt any reform, unless
the Administration is with you. The election of
General Jackson gave such an administration.
From that time there was a President, not only to
favor, but to take the lead in the great business of
restonng the constitutional currency, and my part
became subordinate and easy. I had only t > ex-
plain and defend the great measures which his saga-
city and patriotism conceived a d recommended.
It 's not necessary to dwell on these measures,
much less to enter now into any defence of them.
A brief enumeration will suffice. 1 No more Na-
tional Banks They had been found to be the great
exporters of specie, and their chartered right to pay
the Federal revenues in their own notes, was in
itself a clear breach of the Constitution, and ba-
nished gold and silver from the Treasury, and, by
diminishing the demand for it, expelled it from the
country 2 To restore tne gold currency, by cor-
recting the erroneous standard of gold. 3. The
repeal of the act of 1819, rendering uncurrent,
with a few exceptions, the gold and silver coins of
all foreign countries. 4 The multiplication of the
mints, both for the purpose of coming money in
different parts of the Union, and for becoming
places of deposite and safe-keeping of the public
moneys 5. The suppression of all loeal bank
notes under twenty dollars. Having no direct
power over the banks of the States, theonly mode of
accomplishing this obj ect was by the revenue regula-
tions of the Federal Government, and by operating
on public opinion m the different States. My own
limit was one hundred dollars, bat I did not at-
tempt to establish it because I knew that I could
not succeed My conviction is now clear that
there ought to be no bank note under one hundred
do'lars
Such were our measures for restoring the cur-
rency of the Constitution to the coffers of the Fe-
deral Treasury, and supplying the country with
gold and silver for all the common, and ordinary
transactions and dealings. The success, notwith-
standing a powerful combined political and ma-
