218
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1838.
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
means of payments. With the body of the com-
munity, it is different. Specie is, or should be,
the main part of their payments, and with every
Government, it should be the sole instrument of
payments. As to banks, it is in vam for them to
expect to live upon confidence. Those that attempt
it will share the fate of the Irishman's mare, which
her master undertook to make Uve upon a straw
a day. One-third m specie, for all its liabilities in
circulation and deposites, is the rule of the Bank
of England. With less than that proponían the
bank holds herself to be unsafe, with that propor-
tion in hand, she expects to make up the other two-
thirds, if ran upon, out of the debts due hei, hei
credit to borrow, and Government aid m exchequer
bills. Scarcely a bank in the United States under-
takes to come up to the Bank ol England standard
of safety. The Legislature of Louisiana is the
only one that I have seen attempting to establish
that standard.
There is a concerted attempt at this tune in the
United States to decry specie, to ridicule it, to vilh-
fy it, to suppress it, and to banish it. Gold, espe-
cially, is ihe object of the villification of this party
—that gold which stands first  amed in the Consti-
tutios of the United States, and which, from the
earlust records oí the human race, has been the
chosen money of the world. I do not envy that
party their assiduous labois m the defamation of
the precious metals. I do not iear the success of
their exertions. I do not fear even that they will
ever succ«od in making themselves turn their
backs upon the smallest piece ot gold or silver
which is offered for their acceptance. The neces-
sity of an adequate supply of the precious metals
is known and ielt by the whole human race. It is
the only money which it is safe for the body of the
people to handle. It is the main basis for the ope-
rations ufa batik; an J it is the only standardor mea-
sure of values. One of the highest functions of mo-
neyis to measure values. That is a function which
paper camjot perform. The measure of values must
itself possess intrinsic value, and must itself be irce
from sudden or material vanaiions of value. It
must have a uniform, and a umveisal value. As
well might you attempt to malte a. measure oí
lengths out of that which has no length, a mea-
sure of weights out ol that which has no weight, a
measure ol quanties out of that which has no capa-
city to hold any quantity, as to endeavor to make
a measure of values out of that which has no in-
trinsic value. The piecious metals alone can con-
stitute a measure of values, paper money can mea-
sure the value oí nothing, not even of itself, its
own value is tternally measuied by its relation—
by its convertibility—into specie. Its want of in-
trinsic value, its liability to be made m any quanti-
ty, or to be diminished m any quantity, and its lia-
bility to total destruction, entirely disqualifies it lor
the high function of a measme of values.
The Constitution of the United States has vested
Congress with authority to presetibe a umijrm
standard of weights and measures foi the whole
Union. Congress has not exercised that power, but
the common ieeling of the people has supplied the
defect of Fedeial legislation. In all parts of the
Union, they use the same weights and measures. A
pound is a pound, a bushel is a bushel, a yaul is a
yard, lrom one end of the cjpuptry to the other.
The Constitution has also vested Congress with au-
thority to regulate the value—not of curnnuj, lor
there is no such word in tne Constitution, nor any
word which can be made to include paper curren*
cy—but to regulate the value of the com of our
own mint, and also of foreign com. This power
for forty-five years, that is to say, from 1789 to 1834,
was so erroneously exercised as to under-value gold
six and two-third  per cent. The consequence was
the total exclusion of gold from our circulation.
In 1834 this error was corrected; and the con-
sequence is, that gold is in the full process
of restoration to its constitutional place m our
currency. With respect to foreign coins, inste-id
of making them current, as the Constitution in-
tended, they were nearly all excluded from circula-
tion by the act of 1819. This false legislation was
aho corrected m 1834; and foreign coins now enter
largely into our circulation. The year 1834—the
second year of General Jackson's second Presiden-
tial term—will be an era, a proud and glorious era,
in the history of our constitutional currency.   It
will be the era of the leformation of the metallic
currency.   The year 1836, the last year ol General
Jackson's second term, will be another glorious
epoch in our financial history.   It was m that year
that the promissory notes of a corporation ceased
to be a lawful tender to the United States in dis-
charge  oí all taxes, debts, and duties due to her.
The year 1836 is the epoch of this deliverance
of the Federal Treasury  liom  the dominion of
a corporation; but   the  year   1832  divides   the
honor   with  it,   for m that year  was the blow
struck—the  heroic   veto applied—which effected
the  deliverance.   Three  noble  acts   have   been
performed; but a ioarth remains to be achieved to
consummate the duties of the Federal Government
in relation to the currency.   The error of Mr.
Madison's administration, at the expiration of the
existence of the fitst Bank of the United States,
mu«t not be lepeated.   The notes of the local
banks must not  be  made ¡i national cunency!
That error ruined the currency in 1814 and in 1819,
,ind the repetition of it «¡jam ruined it in 1837.
Three  times, m twenty-five years, has that en or
tlepnved the Tieasury ol us lemiuts, the country
ot a measure of values, and rendered nugatory the
uniformity ol weights and measures, m which the
whole Union had agreed.   The effect upon the
community has been the same as if every seller
had possessed the privilege, and had exercised it, of
altering his weights and measures at his pleasure;
lengthening or shortening his yard slick; enlarging
or reducing his bushel; diminishing or increasing
his pound weight with every sale, and precisely
as it suited his own interests in every instance.
This is an enormous and a crying evil, the parent
of unnumbered impositions upon the whole commu-
nity, and especially upon the weakei part. In paying
double for the neiessanes  of  life,  the  etiect  has
been precisely the same as if  the purchaser had
received but hall a pound, half a yard, and half a
bushel, when he paid lor a lull pnund, ,i full yard,
and a full bushel.      But, mi, I drop this  disqmsi-
hcin    The pursuit of it would catry me too far, at
the present mom< nt, into (he   working , of the pa-
pel system.   1 drop it with remaiking, that the ar-
bitrary debasement ol  the current com,  formerly
piactiscd by some European  Kings, ,md latterly
by some Turkish Sultans, was innocent and harm-
less, compared to the mischicl done in our own
country by the loss of a measure of values, and the
consequent, or equivalent, destruction ol  all   the
measures of quantities     The thoughtless and m-
consideiate man, invested with no legislative cha-
racter, may say, that paper money is hghtei than
gold and silver, that paper will buj any thing that
gold and silvei will  bn), that he does not care
what his money is made of, provided it will pavhis
debts.  The umeilectmg man may talk in this way,
but the statesman  must   look   at  money   in   us
exalted character  ol a measure of values; and if
that measure iv 1 i-.t oi dtstmjtd  by  his  manage-
ment, he commits a great eiror, and inflicts a great
mjuiy upon the entne community     AVc have lost
that measure     The Federal Government has occa-
sioned its loss.   Thp use ol   paper at the Fed'ial
Treasury has banished coin—h is si t an example
which has been followed by all the States, and by
every individual—until p'per his banished coin,
and made itself a forced tender in <very paj ment
Paper money is now the actual currency of the
land.   It is the medium of all payments, and, be-
ing no measure ol values, theie is nu stability of
puces.    Kvery thing fluctuates.   Trade is subject-
ed to  the hazards of gambling.     The rcirwdj  for
this  evil—tue   means   foi    the   re-establishment
ot   the measure   of  values—is for   fhe  Federal
Government   to   use   the   true   measure    itself.
In   suppljmg itself   with   the   true  measure,   it
will cause the  whole   country to   be   supplied.
No nation can saturate itself with gold and  silver
more eas.ly than the United States     The tiundred
millions of exportable   products,  annually  sent
abroad—to say nothing   ot   dome ,tic  mines, and
the supplies brought m by  emigrants—will bring
back an annual supply oí 12 or 15 millions.    We
have but to invite its presence, by creating a de-
mand for it, and 8 or 10 millions of this ^amount
will annually remain with us until the  national
supply is full and complete.
Mr. B. would examine some of the objections to
the proposed bill.   The able speeches which had
been delivered by the numerous friends of the mea-
sure abridged his labdr in this respect, and he
should confine himself to bnei notices of a few of
the pi incipal points.   At the head of these objec-
tions stands the  imposing assumption   that   the
passage of the bill will inflict a severe wound upon
the State banks, and entirely disable them to resume
specie payments.   This assertion is made by the
whole body of the speakers on the opposite side;
but they deal in assertion only.   No explanation ¡s
given to justify it, and to show how it is that ail
array of eight hundred banks is to be thus myste-
riously and powerfully affected.   The amendment
of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. RiVes] Only
proposes to distribute t!-e deposites among twenty-
five banks, so that seven hundred and seventy-five
would remain unprovided for, and, consequently,
subject to ruin under that plan.   But there is a
readier answer to  this objection.   The bill only
proposes to remit these banks to the condition they
were in under the dominion of the Bank of the
United States.   They were then in a complete state
of divorce from the Federal Government, having
no *hare of the public deposites, or any share in the
privilege oi paying the Federal revenue with their
notes    They were contented with that condition,
and afllrm that they flourished Under it; and such
ot them as wish for the establishment of a National
Bank, aie still in favor of that condition, and of
being divoiccd from the Government.   The only
difference is that they will submit to a divorce
imposed by the by-laws of a Federal Bank, but
will resist it coming fiom Congress.   This answer
is em ugh  to explode the objection.   It not only
puts an end to it, but makes it ridiculous.   No
lurther   answer is necessary to be given; but a
further answer is at hand, and will be given.   It
comes iiom an authoritative source.   The report
ol the committee of the banks of New York, on the
resumption of specie payments, made on the áéth
of X^ebruary last, and approved m a general meet-
ing of the batiks of the city, holds this language:
"In contemplation of tlie ltisumpuon ot specie payments by
the hanks ol the my ol >>ovv Yoik, onoi beloie the tenth ol
Wiy nctt, ,i nt undei the uncutam contingency of t Annul*
tun nun or tally resumption by (tie bankbof some ol the otliei
liriat commercial t no s, it is incumbent on those oí ISew York
to adopt alt the muñones within the tnniis ol then resources,
wlurh m iy t mb c tin in not onlv to unutnc, but al o to main'
lam hoi etc payments "
' i tu I ill m tin nut ol foreign <\ehanges, now considerably
below |> o m ' m citv pipei, it mlcis it absolutely calam, that
nt) expoitatious of Hpicie i intake ptai c, ¡rid more than proba
b!< th ti u i oitbiilt i iblc ltiilux may tic expected IhÍB fact,
now ni'lii piitalili, must luve an cílou on public opinion, and
ought to remove thi ippietn moons of tlic-c who may have be
Uevcd our (Units lot an car!/ losumption piennture tsecuie,
is all tin banks in lib Uniud hlates aie, against foreign dc
rn ind4, vve ire jusoluit m OApeetin^ then Co opeiatu n If
this nobtimed, we do notpiiiuve any ubstat le lo an early,
eisy, and   Ut i<Mtimption of ipct it piymciita '
"A continued sus-pon ion, on the put of omc of the othei
great eointiK itlat < in i>, tan atom luiüu the lCRimpuon on
our puulillicnll, uid in iy ptevent a hei application of the Je
Rltnnatc li ouiiiH ol Vvv\oik "\ tt, ptu.li ih the favorable
relativi k ttt of the bijauccs between this and the oilier parts of
the Uní in, that I ir tin piry nt, al least, but little need be ap*
prchi mli d from Ui clhctol natural causes Oí delibei ate acts
ol Inutility, ¡o, tin ic eu ildbe no motive lor such, there should
lie no npptcltcnsion ( n oui pall We trubt th it, supported by
the community ol tlm ruy, and by thf State, the banks will bo
iblctosuimuunl el! obstaeh s, and on or before the tenth of
May toiciumi and maintain specie payments "
From this authentic report, it is seen that the
banks of the city of New York have determined to
resume specie payments on or before the 10th day
oi May next, that they ask nothing bnt the co-ope-
ration, or forbeaiance, of other banks, and are
afiaid of nothing but the deliberate hostility of
some non-resuming ba ks in other cities, that is to
say, Mr. Biddle's bank in Philadelphia. This is
the language ot the banks in New York. They
ask nothing, and they fear nothing, from the Fede-
ral. Government. They fear nothing from the
Sub-Treasury bill. They declare their only danger
to be in the conduct oí the non-resuming banks of
some neighbonng ciues. Now, which is entitled
to most credit in. this contradiction of opinion, the
New York banks, or the politicians on this floor?
Certainly iU$ a ¿¡ase in whichihe, opinion, of the
banks must prevail      They know their own con-
