Mar. 183Ó.
25th Cong---2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
f2l
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
penditure, such as fortifications, ships, harbors,
light-hou-^, &c. the small, occasional, and altérnale
deficiencies and exresse- in the revenue could be
eawiy, safely, and economically met and provided
for.
Not spec e enough in the world to supply the
demand which this bill would create, and not time
enough in the year to count it, if there was enough,
is another of the objections to this bill. This is re-
lied upan by many speakers, and grave calcula-
tions are gone into to show thai the three hundred
and sixty-five days in the year would be too short
a time to suffice tor the counting in and counting
out the Government revenues, if paid in gold and
silver. Sir, there is a species of argument which
the logicians call the argumentum ad ignoranham—
an argument to ignorance, but this argument goes
beyond that, for it is an argument to the lowest de-
gree of ignorance. If any answer was due to it—
the counting part of it—it might be found in the act
of 1789, when the revenues were directed to be
paid in gold and silver com only; and also, in a
speech delivered on the floor of the House some
years ago, when the collection of the revenues in
hard money was so strenuously urged by a gentle-
man, now so entir ly opposed to it.* Bui no an-
swer is due to it Erery body knows better. Neither
individuals, or nations, ever lost time in counting
masses of specie. Ordinary sums are counted
without loss of time, and masses are transferred
by weight, or in kegs or bags.
"With respect to the other part of the objection—
the impossibility of getting an adequate supply—it
is an objection refuted by the experience of all na-
tions, and paiticularly by our own experience At
the c'oieof the Revolution we had no'hmg but de-
preciated paper, m six or se en years at^rwards
we had an adequaie supply of gold and saver. So
of France In 1800 she had nothing bat assignats,
depreciat d as low as our o'd continental bills. In
seven years afterwards she had a specie currency
of five hundred and fifty millions of dollars. So of
England: In 1819 she had nothing but depreciated
paper, Parliament passed an act for theresumption
of specie payments, and allowed four years for the
banks to supply themselves. In two years the
Bank of England reported an acquisit on of twenty
millions sterling in gold—one bundled millions of
dollars—and that she was read) to resume. The
same bank no  , at this moment, has made an ac-
quisition of mx millions sterling—thirty millions of
dollars—in the brief space of nine months. In
May last, her supply was three and a half millions
sterling, m January, it was nine and a half. But
to come to our own country. Our custom-house
returns show that specie flows in upon us annually
in large masses, ana either remains with us, or goes
off again, precisely as it suits our own policy to re-
tain it or not.    Our correct returns of imports and
extract from Mi. Webster's speech on tJie Bank of the
United States Charter Bill, Febi uaiy, 1816
"No na'ton had a better currency than the Lni ed Stales
There was no nation which had guarded its ciirrencj with
moie care, for the framers of the ((institution and thoie who
enacted the early s aiuteaou this subject, wereHAKD MOINlE\
MEN, they bail felt, and theiefore duly appreciated, the euls
of a paper me hum, they therefore sedulously guarded the
currency of the Lnited feiates Irom debasement The legal
currency of the United ¡Stite^ wa<* gild an*t siher coin, tnis
was a «ubject in resaut to which Congie^s had run into no
folly " * * Gold and si'ver currency he said, was the law
of the land at home and the lav; of the world abroad, theie
could, in the presentslate of the tcoi Id, be no other currency
In consequence of the immense piper issues havinc beniahed
*pec e from circulation, the Government had been obliged in
dii ect xiolation of existing statutes, to receive the amount of
their taxes m something wmch was no^ recognised bylawas
the money of th^ couitiv and which was, mfact, greaily de
preciaied             .....
1 As to the eviK o'the pie^ent state of things fl[r W admit
led It in us lu'lesl eAtrnt II he was not mistaken, there were
«1  mi 10ns 11 tin Trea«uiy of piper which were nearly
worthless and were nos* w'nlly u«elcr to the Government,by
which an ictual loss of convídela ble amount irnst certainly te
stistatred by the Tieasui v This v\as an evil which 01 ght to
be met at once, because it would crow Greater by indulgence
In the end the taxes mutt be paid in tne legal money of the
country, and the sooner that was brought about the bettttr
If Congress were to pass forty statutes on the subject, he said,
they would not make the law more conclush e than it now was
that nuthms should be received in payment of duties to the
Government but speci  and yet no regard was paid to the im
parative iniuncuons of the Itw in this re-pert The tcho'e
strength of ihe Government, he was of omnton ought to be
put forth to compel the payment of the duties an Í taxs to the
vntmment ,?? the legal cujrencif of the cvuntry "
exports of specie go back to the 5 ear 1821, and this
is the íesult:
Imports
£-¡,064,890
3,360,846
5,897,896
8,379,835
6,150,765
6,880,960
8,152,130
0,489,741
7,400 612
8,155,'.) 64
7,305,945
5,907,554
1821
1822
1823
1824
1825
1826
1S27
1828
1829
1830
1831
1832
Exports
|10,478,059
10,810,180
6,372,897
9,014,553
8,797,955
4,704,553
8,014,880
8,242,476
4,924,020
2,178,773
9,014,931
5,656,340
This includes a period ol twelve years. The im-
ports for that period amount to the large sum of
f 83,356,000. The average import was about seven
millions, of dollars per annum. If the specie policy
of General Jackson had then been in force, a large
proportion of this import would have remained m
the country, but the paper money policy was then
in the ascendant. The Bank of the United States
was then omnipotent, and her policy was to export
specie, for the double purpose of making a profit on
the export, and creating a vacuum at home, to be
filled by her own not -s, and, above all, to deprive
the country of specie, aid reduce the local banks to
the use of her notes for their capital, so that when
she wished to upset the Government, to rule the
elections, or to convulse the moneyed world, she
u ould have nothing to do but to order a curtail-
ment of two or three millions a month, and charge
it upon any art, no matter what, of the Federal Go-
vernment Tins was the policv which then pre-
vailed, and ••-cordingly, large as the import of
specie was m these Hvelve jears, the export was
still lar¿er it was $84,280,000. Thus, 1 istead of
retaining any part of what came ,n for the use of
the country, there Mas actually sent oat about a
million mc-e than came in.
The next penod of fire 5 ears shows the effect of
the specie policy. The imports and exportó for
this period stand thus:
Imports
#7,070,368
17,911,662
13,131,447
12,166,372
10,954,432
Exports
§2,614,951
1,676,258
5,748,174
4,435,815
7,714,990
1833
1834
1835
1836
1837
Behold the difference' Our imports for five
years amounting to sixty-two millions, our exports
almost nothing. The average import for the whole
five years, including 1837, amounting to about
twelve millions and a halt of dollars, and our ex-
ports, except for the extraordinary year ol 1837,
only averaging a little over thiee millions This
is 'he state of our own experience. It «hows that,
without any demand for specie, it flows in upon us
at the rate of seven millions per annum, but flons
out again: that with a demand ¡or it, it flow s in at
the rate of l«ehe arc. a half millions per annum,
and nearly all remains w nh us This i« the effect
of a demand foi specie for the Federal Treasury.
Let that demand continue Let the Government
continue *o collect aid above all, to pay out,
specie, and m a few yeiri the national supply will
becoaijlete The country will posses as much
as 11 can use, he it a hundred, a hm died and met-
13,01 a hundred and fifty millions. The suppl>
will find its own level, and the excess will flow off.
These, sir, are the mam objections to the bill
They are the principal ones which have been urged.
The> will not bear examination. Every argument
resulting tio.n them is an argument in favor ot the
bill, instead of bein  against it And what is the
alternative proposed by. those who object to th s
bill'' By the Federal gentlemen the alteim'ive is
openly nroclaimed to be a national Bank that is
to sav, Mr Bidule's bank, for the\ rre?n roo'h 1.
By a few of the R°ptibli< it s, a re-ct to 1 ?s.tnc
binks ¡s the rltern .Uve The Federal gentlemen
rgree to take this latter alternative for the ; 'esent
—as so mt'eh gained towards their National Bank
—as a half-w ay house to that institution This ¡s
candid in those gentlemen. It is candid, if it is
not wise. Thev v, ill go with a few oí our friends
to 'he holf-M < j hou>e, knowing that Mr. Biddle
can blow up tint hi use any night thai he pleases,
and that the Cheynut street palace must then be-
come the refuge of the terrified inmates of the de-
molished stopping place.
Mr. B. would not dilate upon the dangers of
this alternative. To learn danger—to take warn-
ing—from an enemy, is a maxim of great antiquity,
and one which has its full application on this occa-
sion. If neither the conduct of the Opposition,
their language, their speeches on this floor, can
warn gentlemen, it would seem to be almost in
vain to appeal to past experience, to witness the
present, or to contemplate the future. The State
bank deposite system, with the use of then- paper
money, has failed us in time of war and in time of
peace. It has twice faded in time of peace. It is
now in a state of failure. The late deposite banks
now owe the Government six and a half milLons
of dollars, which an empty Treasury in vain calis
for. To rely upon them again, is to walk into the
pit in broad day with the eyes wide open. Our
banking system, always on fallacious principles—
always unsolid and delusiye—is now becoming worse
than ever. It becomes worse daily, and in many
instances, is made so on purpose, that ano-
ther catastrophe may be produced, and then
charged upon the Administration. Issuance of
small notes, even down to a dollar, issuance of post
notes, connection with party politics, and with that
party whose connection has been fatal to all its as-
sociates; subjection to the policy of the Bank of the
United States, on the part of a great many banks;
such is the downward course ot our banking sys-
tem at present. Timely and prudent reformation
might save it, but all reformation is resisted and
baffled. To make all worse, seems to be the poli-
cy ot those who have most po« er over the subject.
Under these circumstances, what fatuity m the Go-
vern ment of the United States to connect its Trea-
sury again with these institutions, big with inherent
dangers, and beset by a tremendous foe'
I have gone over some of the objections to the
p an fur an Independent Treasurv I hav e spoken
to some parts of the bill before the Senate, but the
merits ol that bill are no part of the real question.
The contest is for power. Political power is the
object of the Opposition—aUise ot the bill, the
means of attaining it—and a panic the grand desi-
deratum Panics are the aliment of the Federal
party—terror their engtne for governing the people.
The mythological god Pan is the divinity of their
worship. To him they look for help—te that gro-
tesque and hideous deity, half man and half goat,
whose bare apparition in ancient times would put
whole armies to flight. This is the tutelary divinity
of the Federal party, and always has been. Panics
were their resource irom the foundation of the Go-
vernment, and, fortv vears ago, the French Revo-
lut on v, as u hat the Republican administrations
no  are, the great magazine of horrors from which
they supplied themselves with "gorgon-s' heads and
chimeras dire, to alarm and 'ernly the nation. Mi.
JetTeiiüB, in his memoirs, has described that pe-
riod, emphatically called the Reign oí Terror. He
has giv en many pages to the description of it, but
declares that no person, who did not witness it,
can form any idea of the terrorism with which the
Federal partv then surrounded itself, and the rude-
ness and violence wnh which they nrowbeat and
uwUted the Repabhcans Some extracts from his
dpsciiption ot tint period rnav bring up useful re-
collections at tnia time, when the violence of the
revived Federal par y >-o far transcends all that
was witnessed foity 5ears ago.    Hc-avs.
TYc horror 01 the French re\ulution then rigm? aided
tnem nan \ 1 1 u-.ii „ It at aa a lav, head a id biOo*v bone?,
tí tv were ei ai id bv their stra a^rn* o \, \ Z their tales
ni tj_ ¡ I- ixee 1 ma^acrei moon n¡c\s «yi to ppreal
\ d,i n ai hi e t' ¡ eu b.eaivs lnese transactions,
i uv, rtc^itected asdreamsof the niirht, were then Bad realm*-*.
aid noihin" r>«^ i~J ' '"mm V eir ' uer iu It cPect L i' tne un
\i '■ju,[0'!i "■-0! e fiup «| in •> wli 1 «> t > maintain
e 1    «it pos s 111 deti i cc 11 te r >                            fi e tutiifa
t n vninuotr l in Iu it^o a t> pei.Xj ai,d(helr
¡ it*, n h flo ^01 t ¡..t,. were « groat,-*o de
ti t1 1 1 tijdrpg 111 aitM lui bating th ir aggressions,
is th L^ inni w tin at bilrg able in the least to check their
caiier be lie juUlcan leaders though 1 would be beet lot
1 sem to _ \ e up their useleea eü r s there. ^0 home, get into
their r«,ptcm«Legislatures, ewbodv wnattvir 01 rewsutrtce
the) could be formed into and if mefíectusí, to penah there as
m the iai.t ditch AJ thereiore, retired, ¡earing Mr Gallatin
alone in the House of Rtpresenufves, and myself ,n tb« Se-
nate, w here I then preside i as V ee President Remaining at
our posts, and bldd ng dchani e to the browbeaunge and snsuha
bv whicn hey mdeavorol to unve us, off a's we ke¡ v ihe
mas eíKe^ubhcaiisinphsilaaiWie.her unu the Legislate,,
