Mar. 1838.
25th Cono-•••2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
®fi
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Wall.
Senate.
usefamess at an end. Sir, is it supposed that the
people can have confidence in Congress, when
even a suspicion becomes fixed in the public mind,
that menaces and exposure to violence may destroy
the entire freedom of our action, or of a single
member? If members are exposed to personal
violence in any form for words spoken in debate,
where is the value of that great principle in your
Constitution, which was intended to secure the
entire and absolute freedom of discussion, by throw-
ing around Congress the most perfect inviolability?
So vitally important was this principle' deemed,
that it was not subjected to any limitation or re-
striction whatever, except the sense of propriety
and decorum which, it was supposed, would belong
to every one worthy of a seat in this body. Are
members to be protected from suits for words
spoken in debate, and yet exposed to personal
violence, or to be forced into personal combats,
in violation of their sense of right and the moral
feelings of their constituents ? What sort of free-
dom of debate is this ? It is a. mere mockery. If
this barbarous practice prevails, and these outrages
are not suppressed, all confidence in the indepen-
dence of Congress is gone.
Mr. N. said he seldom indulged himself in speak-
ing of dangers to the Union, or in predictions of
its disruption. But he could not forbear to say,
that whateper other elements may exist hostile to
the Union—Abolitionism, high tariffs, or any
other disturbing cause—he believed ihere could be
none more dangerous than the sanction or ac-
quiescence, on the part of Congress, in acts of vio-
lence and outrage growing oat of its proceedings,
which inflict a fatal blow at its independence and
inviolability of character, and which necessarily
tend to impair the confidence of the people in our
entire freedom of action. When such an opinion
becomes generally established, the very existence of
Congress would be in danger, as the people from
the section of the country whence he came, who
cannot countenance such practices, would cease to
send representatives here. This body is the key-
stone of the arch, the knot which- unites and binds
together as one the different cords of which the
Republic is composed; and if it is cut asunder, or
loosened, so as to destroy its efficacy, the fabric
must fall into its original elements.
Mr N. said he would not go into the general
question of duelling, nor examine its influence on
society, as he desired to confine his remarks to
what he regarded as the object of the bill. It had
been said that this practice had contributed to civi-
lization and refinement, and to prevent assassina-
tions and violence. He regarded such claims as
not only extravagant, but as preposterous. They
were in character with the claims set up in relation
to another subject, although he feared that, by the
comparison, he should depart from the solemnity
which belongs to the subject now under debate.
He alluded to the extravagant pretensions which
assign to credit the agency and merit of all the
<rreat results of industry. Our canals, railroads,
cities, have all sprang from the potent agency of
credit! He regarded both pretensions as equity
incorrect and absurd. These results have been
accomplished by industry, in spite of an abuse of
credit, and civilization has advanced, and is going
on advancing, notwithstanding the existence of a
practice which has lagged behind as the relic of an
earlier and more barbarous age.
We have been referred to olher countries, and
are told that this practice prevails in England, and
that there the energy of the law has been found
insufficient to suppress it. Mr. N. believed that it
had  reatly declined in that country, and that duels
now^ seldom occurred; but whether so or not, the
example proved nothing, for among the same class
(those in high life) with whom this practice pre-
vails lhere, other fashionable vices exi^t—of which
we have little knowledge here, with our plain re-
publican manners—such as elopements, adulteries,
and other scandalous conduct, which belong to a
depraved state of manners.
But said Mr. N. I will not go into the question
of the effect of this practice on society. I believe
it to be criminal, and its influence pernicious.
Other gentlemen may think differently. They may
ftseorer, or think they discover, some good mixed
with the evil. They may believe that in this case,
as in many others, both sweet and bitter waters
flow from the same fountain. But this is not the
question now to be decided. He looked to the
special object of this bill, which was, as he re-
garded it, to suppress and put an end to this prac-
tice in Congress. Whatever may be thought of it
in the abstract, or of its influence on society in
general, all, he thought, "would agree that it cannot
prevail here, without the most alarming conse-
quences. This, sir, is an evil of great magnitude;
and á recent melancholy occurrence has roused the
attention of the whole country to it; the moral
sense of the people has been shocked, and their
sensibilities wounded, and they can no longer be
silent. They have spoken through the press, and
public meetings, and will continue to speak, until
Congress listen to their complaints, and fearlessly
and honestly endeavor to put down this evil. This
subject has been brought before us by the people,
who have petitioned, and will continue to petition,
until something is done.
There is a solemn duty resting upon Congress—
a duty imposed by no ordinary considerations of
interest or temporary excitement of feeling, but
arising from a deep and solemn conviction that
something is wrong here—that a practice prevails
which is destructive to the freedom of debate, the
independence of Congress, and which is in conflict
with the moral feelings of the whole community.
If this practice must prevail elsewhere, let us all
unite and put an end to it within these walls, and
within this District. Let this be a hallowed spot,
sacred to liberty and peace, where violence cannot
intrude; where the friends of the Union, and the
organs of its powers, can meet on common and
equal ground, and act in that spirit which be-
longs to our institutions, pre-eminently pacific,
and which is in harmony with the moral and reli-
gious sentiments of our people. H<? hoped that we
should not only pass this bill, but that we should
do it by a unanimous vote in both Houses of Con-
gress. This would be doing much more than the
enactment of a law; it would be adding the moral
weight and influence of the members of the Na-
tional Legislature; it would be pledging themselves
to the country, and to the world, that they will re-
frain from violence and bloodshed in any form,
and use all their influence to discountenance such
practices here.
Mr. N. said he regretted that some gentlemen
had constitutional doubts and difficulties in regard
to the third section of the bill. He had himself at
first entertained some doubts; but the full and lucid
explanation and illustration by the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Gründy,] and the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] had entirely removed
them; and he did not now perceive the least diffi-
culty in regard to that section. It does not, as
seems to be supposed, punish in the District a
crime committed out of the District; it only creates
a crime here, and punishes it here. But the crime
creakd,- and which is to be punished, is not the
fighting of a duel, or the sending a challenge, but
it is a preliminary act leading to such crime; this
act is, departing from the District with the inten-
tion to send or accept a challenge. Is it not with-
in the competency of Congress to prohibit any pre-
liminary act which may lead to a crime, and done
with the' intention to commit such crime? All
persons within the District, not only residents, but
such as are temporarily herp, are subject to our
jurisdiction, and we can make them amenable to
our laws for any act done in the District, and can
make any act criminal by merely- prohibiting it.
It is a welt known distinction, that crimes are of
two classes—those which arc morally wrong, and
those which are wrong only because they are pro-
hibited. To fight a duel is morally wrong; to leave
the District with the intention to fight a duel, if not
morally wrong, may be made a crime by statute,
by prohibiting the act. And where is the objection
to doing it? Our object is to prevent the crime of
fighting in single combat, and in order to do that,
we make criminal a preliminary act, whioh will
lead to such crime. Nor is there any conflict of
jurisdiction; the fighting a duel, in that State, is a
violation of the laws of Marvland, and punishable
there; and if the parties go from this District for
the purpose, the act of leaving the District with
such intent, would be a- crime here, and punisha-
ble in the District.           -            "."
The objection to the third section is equally ap-
plicable to the first and second; if we>cannol pun-
ish the act of leaving the District with the, intent to*,
commit a crime without the District, hdw can we
punish the giving or accepting a challenge within
the District, to fight a duel without the District?
In principle the cases are the same, and he did not
think there was any objection to either. He be-
seeched gentlemen, therefore, who had expressed
doubts on this point, to review the question; he
could not but hope that on a candid examination
of the subject they will be satisfied that the objec-
tion has no solid foundation; he was the more
anxious for this as he was in hopes that we might
pass this bill by a unanimous vote of the Senate,
which would impart to it something more than the
authority of an ordinary law; which would give it
the moral weight and influence belonging to the
deliberate and unanimous act of this body, which
ought to be respected, and he was sure would be
respected, by a reflecting and moral people. ■
As to the suggestion of the Senator from Dela-j,
ware, that the severity of the punishment would
increase the- difficulties of enforcing the law, he
did not dissent from the principle, and was by no
means sure but it might be well to consider whether,
in this view of this matter, the punishment pro-
vided is not too severe. But he did object to the
argument of the Senator, in support of his proposi-
tion, as that went not so much to show that the
punishment was inexpedient, as that it was unjust.
His remarks tended to mitigate and diminish the
enormity of the crime, to palliate it, to gloss it ever,
and to take from it all its guilt and moral turpi-
tude. It was these remarks, and not the proposi-
tion to reduce the punishment, which had occasion-
ed surprise, excited some emotion, and led him to
express himself with a degree of warmth which
otherwise might have been deemed uncalled for,
or unsuited to so solemn a subject. It was a sub-
ject, however, upon which he felt deeply, intense-
ly; and, whilst he would endeavor not to be carried
away by his feelings so as to sanction any unwise
or impracticable legislation, which might defeat the
object in view, still he did not desire to repress his
feelings upon this snbject. -
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL-
SPEECH OF MR. WALL,
Of New Jhrsey,
In Senate, March 23, 1833—Upen the bill" to im-
pose   additional duties, as depositaries,   «pon
certain public officers, to appoint Receivers Ge-
neral of public money, and to regulate the safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the public
moneys of the United States."
Mr. WALL rose and addressed the Senate as
follows :
The bill which now demands our action, Mr.
President, proposes to provide by law for the safe-
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the revenues
and public moneys of the United States. This is a
duty imposed upon us by the Constitution, and we
cannot discharge ourselves from its performance,
without being guilty of a neglact eminently cen-
surable, if not criminal. It is 'a duly that all admit
r;sts upon us; and the Legislature of New Jersey,
in the resolutions which my honorable colleague
has read to the Senate, and made part of hi*s
speech, and to which he professes fidelity, declare,
" that it is the constitutional right and duty of
Congress to provide for the safe-keeping and dis-
position of the public treasure." My collsague
has satisfied himself, by what process of reasoning
it is not my purpose to inquire, that that treasure
is now in the hands of the Executive. If so,-sir,
it makes that duty more imperative, and ought to
stimulate and accelerate our action. I think my
colleague wrong in his view, on this subject. Still,
however, I concur with him and the resolutions of
the New Jersey Legislature, both as to the right
and duty of Congress; and mean to per&rjp, that
