Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
25m Co  c> •••2--D Sets,.
Making public officers deponía ieis—Mr. Wall.
Senate.
keeping the puohc treasure, prescribed by tin  bill,
have been the fruitful subjects ot dealamation and
objection Is not that the mode resorted to by
bank-., merchants, and others* who have money to
keep1 Can any better mode be devised"? If so, let
it be proposed, but until it is, shall the representa-
tive0 oí the people discard what every one else
adopts as a s ife mode Rogues and thieves, who
want to on.i ^ into th  Treasury, would have a
right to obj ctto such meagre  oí precaution is
ih i a íeison foi us tj reject them?
but I ic gi"J.t tb,ecuo'i Oi t\t"j J(>p lit! * of it
mtasureia that it is an un'rted expeumeit Is it
tiue' What is now c I'ed ?n experiment It i-
etther the modi, t i Keeping the mor,e>, or the kind
of money to be kert What is the mude oí keep-
ing the mont> r> op > cd by this bill' 13, ofhceis
chosen by ihe people, undei the Constitution, in-
stead oí officer  chosen by banks It has oeen tned
íor ncailj thir y jeirs in this Government It is
now hi successful progress n every State m the
Union What aie all the townships, county, and
State ofheers for col'ecting taxes, out Sub-Trea-
surers It is the o'ac ice ot every independent
nauon in the woi'd, naj, evci} pt'ty comoration,
and fnendiv association m tl e worn", ha' e their
system of kub-1 reasunes An expenmenl' the
antagonist po'icy is an expenment, w hich has ended
not only m depi vitig Govern nent, but the people,
of their monej, the true standard ot value That
expTiirent Ins most ■•ignally la.il.id As to the
kind oj money, is that an expeumeni^ b s go 1
and silvr instead of pip 1 tie m n y 01 the
Cjnst tutioi , matead oí tr° n on^í ii the bauks
Can «t chocs ativ other standa d oí v a ue 111col-
lecting 'he people a monrj ha 1 the sta id^'d jf the
Constitute 1' R 1 I hi di ne \ tb the- objec-
tiois
Sutler mi s r, to asu \t , ar-lei ' on 1 r a ew
moments to the substitute of i.-y honorable fnend
fiom Virginia, [Mr Rives,] which has just been
rejected In the very able and eloquent speech
made b} linn m piesenting that substitute, he re-
marked, that he regretted he should be depuved ot
the supp rt of nany membois of this bolv,wnn
whom he had 1< c' Mood s de o\ side in upho'd ng
and deitnd n  th pi -c • 'es uii «huh it usted
aid that his coi ('a 111 «as, mat It s o >d 11 >\\
wncreh      or 11          ins   i     rrt*M      >- a<* >     * t
thnt se«at    t          s ipp   ttt that I MmauisVti
^"ndtorop 11 0 c >i is a uhjtt cf pi' 1 1 ¿>
giet to me He h s 1 ad, aim lasuttt tit tonti
elence, not onk oí mjse,r, but ot my crn-titueu s,
which wis most eminently evinced on a late occa-
sion , and justice to im«e f reqimes that I «houli
ascertain where 11 y lit noiirle fr end stood then
The conftd«nce ot 111/ const tuen s in mysel would
be weaKen c' il ihey found me deviating from the
ttaei£ that he 'tis thei pmsmpg Ptrt'it me
tnen, n tht most kmdlj ^pu *, aan 'Hlh the most
fnendiv feeling , o overhau' the leckoruns ana
ascertain the la tad" oí dep rmie I imd the kst
recoritd «en' roe ts 1 1 th  honor u'., ^eiidt 1 111 a
speech dehv..-ed cu the 1 em val 0 t'>e depos t s
on the 17di Jan ¡ <¡y, 1334—a «pecc-h which w p<
gue celeb in to anv ' attoinan 11 otaioi
thtt     o   b'e^eiat-u    (nsijutdoi it li    a t  to
us th« sj 0 e <.    th^. ii veu ment Hvif t_tuvts auj (a\ 
wn 1   1    no e   His      111 ill   t>    it, uilti   arti      t   d
torn       I the  pe nit!   1    leu i i   v   ,, 1   m   jisOlutiu ill \     1
t[ieB lUliht'iiiUt [s^lp      h     \\ji   ine ( ove umei l   h\
I     "tit it   t,l                i   mnv   un     <   Ijlusllittl.il
lull! i in t ¡ b mi i oi tuipo att i t!ti! ui Ui I iu.1
Stut a hutli tuition < 1 tht c n mino Urn, u u li i,
ii   i u on u tu y in t >i!y «hen the tovei-meiitshall rt
f e<e toi" uttdi, tnmg butgolj ml ,he, m paymeiitol ¡he
1 b it- ilu s \\ uli ji t o¡ ¡ u0 m | rt ai t to examine iht t n
It nit«oi 'eiei i r" if the lion ii alie ->i.p nor (reaso in
wii th t m\ nun i i tn irelvun iiwtctnn mimuttiasii
im e 1 re q ips i >n 1 eoiwitnu in' fnw i to depend, n t
•• i the tixtü ano mi n   ajlt, pi ivi i    s o! ijn. Con- uultn   ii
t't but in tfittt i luifulo the O vei imeit, i„ u
m iv happen to d i oi not o do t paitituUi tin   ) «ítltoit
topping I aav i itvnmit ins lea omnj at prestí t l
Wlllsaj wth I oi oi ibk se iior th*t «til j s0 iiWril ¿bid
aeitl men lnmelianio ^ the numLci, wine adn ltmif tit
vial ii n ui intent the object leclrai i  Un 11 k t'l^j * u
tion 1[ tlseli t ilfopt. entthl «if-tf i5«ne i t ihe hal t in
«hiehtny the Ii m libit Serial ii tl ink l ran t e lt„ tima th
¡ re«en[ett
'Mi ol in  lieu fun      m  il   piluei)   irnntmu      r
que'I y the   ¡ea       e e ts o              mtrí, ihal \ hi h i   10
nigeitlt. d mr!   lulnlich   'irniM" misicoiiii li-hmen
i   e It     hilt       f      l } perú i           t ( ii i           lit  i     bt
\            'mi i   i    I e it     ii            tu t       i     e t n «li„v
it ww iniuil   1 1 v     i   1 i n i     I     i    <       n   n   i i      e
haid      Hrj G \  i in t
"VVearc loo tnuclim the habit, Mr Fruitier!, of regarding
the e jbj oí the paper system an rfce&sary at 4 incurable, and
of being content svith the delusive palliation of tho^e evils sup
poeed to be derived front the c ii r.j'imii supremacy of a Na
tionat Bank Nothing, m my opinion, m more de monstrabie
than that the great evil of that s^tem, ¡^ ruinous Huttua
tlons arising from aiterna'e expansions and coiitracuons of
bankibsues, making a lottery, in effect. ofpr'vate fortuLeá, and
converting all pro^recave contrails and transactions mto a
species of gambling—nothing can be more certain than that
these ruinous  liuctuatians (and we have a sti ikmu proof of if
m lit' piesentdi-tressefe of the country ) are mcrea&ed, instead
of beinij itimiriiihed, bv the existence oí an lnstitutit n if sucli
ibs jmte aacen tency lhar when i expanus the State bames ex
pan I with it when it contracts, thobe banks are forced in self
de t   t, to contract also    W nate* er influence sucn an mstitu
it i may bt supposed to exeit,tn [ rescrv ing the soandneart of
ih turrency, that object would be much more e feciually j ro
m i e^bya return as tar as pratticabie to i mttaUic ciicuta
t i The firsts ep towards that return is u let the Bank ot
t le Í, nied sta es gj down Its no es being vitttdrawn, the
convenence of traveltint? alone would immediately tteatea
detna id foi "old coin-i at. a sulis i ute and enforce the necessity
of coirecti i¿ that under valúa ion oi the! i at the Mint, whirh
ii i d tohavecontllbuted to tlitir dnappe^rai te In concur
rt ite with this, let measures be taken, a  it is believed effectual
ni asuies may betaken to discourage an j tuppres" thectrcu
Iatlon of bank notes under ac-itam denomination (ten or tv*en
ty dollar^ )orwluch theeflect vvould be tt produce ano herac
cessi a to the metallic circulating medium The ordinary
channel  of circulation beni? thus supplied v. i h gold and ell
\er, theGovemm nt would be prepared, with ut hardship to
the public credítoi lo lequire payment of its dues m specie,
and thusrealisearetmn tnan which none could be more deep
ly interesting m everv| aspect, to the safety and prosperity o
the country "
*^ir here is an object worthy to engage the most anxions la
bors oi the patr'ot and st itesman and I feel persuaded that,
with a little of tht effort and talent dailv expended m the ephe
meie! contests oi party, we should see it happily accomplished
I c injure gentlemen then, with ability so eminently fitted for
th s g aiwor , to leave the Bank of the tmited States to its
fate—a fa e already p onounted by the voice ol thena ion and
calle 1 for by the highest considerations connected vviih the
safety ot ou free institutions, and bnns forward their power
tul ai 1 in an effort to tesiore tht &o\etntnent to its tiue consti
tutioi 1 charac °r a I destination tha' of a simple oh 1 hal d
mo ley Governmen
Mr President, I intend to make no comments
Mj constituents mast jadge from this- speech where
m, honora-^'e iriend <tcod !h"n and uieie h 
taiuls now ilv march is oiward m the luoiirous
path which he then mil cated to restore th  Go
vernmenf lo us tiue constdutioaa1 character and
di st nation, that of a simple, sohd, hard monej
Government " Mr. Pr sident, that s-vjbstituie of
the honorable Senator from Virginia has been
called, bv the distinguished Senator from K>n-
tuckj, a good half-way house That half-way
b 'ts  I am persuaded, ha^ not been erected
' .m honorable fnend fiom Virginia It
his been created by the ma ic wand of eio-
quenc", but it is the palace of Circe, gorgeous
and glitfr ng with stone, fair and enchan-
lii? to the eve, buf sunounoei oy tame lions
and wolves l>t mj honorable iriend beware
how he enter : mto ihat magic palace, ard ho>t he
tastes food and wire Let hm beware of the fate
of tie companions ri Emvc^'us There mav be
io Ulysses to restoie mm u his oimei glorious
shap ■ and man],) healing Mi Pres-ident, the
(a'e 11 that dist na usiietl sta'esnan, now no mme,
vvhoüice filled w i h sach ickno\ ledged dign tj
tne Chair uh th vou n w occupv is fu'l of warn-
ing He was lemptcd to s'op a' a na'i wiy bouse,
u oi the caplivatn,; *isri of ' an union of honest
inpti ' ~No, « t, raj hon raole friend, after 'he ex-
c i nent of this subject has pas-std awav, I tiust
vi ill De found side bv 'id" with his former fi ends
maintaining, vviin his di^tingutshe I abilm, the
great pnncip'es which thev advocate
Mr Piesident, I had another objection to that
sibsutu'e, it was against equal rights Out ol
upwards of e.gv t hundred State banks, >t selected
twen*> five, thus constituting an oh^aichy ol
banks It establishes a b mkocr tcy, uhich wou'd
of n cssity seek si^etv under the protec* on ot the
monev king in this county, and thus be hronelit
undei vassalsge to the monev king n Engl ml
The onlj difterenoe in mj judgment, oetueen this
substitute and establishing a bank ol the Umlett
States is, the one 1- r'e beginning of fie e iá, and
the other is the end of the begtnnins Had we
adopted the substitute, the Bank oí the Ui ited
States of Pcnnsvlvama must have been one oí that
league, or veo must hive resorted t<> a B-nik ot the
Untie 1 States to pro'ect ihe league ol ban! s from
its, power
Before I dismiss th s btanoh of ihe suh ^i   \
Witt makeoni' furtlrr rfuiaik    1   1. eplv rigtf t t
hav e seen a motto on tht speech delivered bv mv
honorabl" fntnillrom NewYoik [Mr TallmadckI
in defence of the bank« from an alleged charge
agamst them made by the Fiewdent. That motto
is, " Out, damned spot; out, I say."
[Mr. Taluwídge here rose and said, that the
motto was put on without his knowledge and
consent ]
Mr. Wall resumed. I am happy to hear the
avowal of my honorable fnend. It could have
been no friendly hand thai put it there. Who that
ts acquainted with- the woiks of the immortal poet
of nature does not recollect that it «, the agomz-d
cry of conscience, when the body slumbered, lorits
own deeds, for friendship Ueuayed, hospitality
violated, and confidence murdered
The oiher branch of the antagonist policy, Mr
President, proposes to create a Bank of the United
States, lo keep, transfer, and disburse the public
money Sir, the first question is, does the Consti-
tution give to Congress that power' Clearly it
does not give it as an express power ISowhere
do you find in the Constitution an authority to
create a bank or corporauen. If it exists, it must
be an implied power. The distingushed Senator
from Kentucky hunted what he with so much, fe-
licity denominated that vagrant power, through
every article, section, clause, and paragraph, of tne
Constitution, and a most brilliant hunt it was, sir,
and has immorta ísed him, and he could not find it.
He has, it is true, found it since; but where has ha
found ill
[Here Mr Clat said that he had found it in the
late war and the necessities of the c juntry.}
Mr Wall resumed I thought so, sir, he found
it out of the Constitution That is no constitutional
power
Mr President, I am free to acknow ledge that I
had supposed once that this question had been set-
tled by judicial decision A moie careful exami-
nation has satisfied me, however, that I was in
error on this point. The luminous and gigantic
intellect of Marshall, a man whose pame l always
pronounce with reverence, could tmd that power
only in the clause authorizing Congress to lay and
collect taxes, and when Congress had determined
that it was a necessary means to that end, no judi-
ciary could look behind that act That decision
only settled the constitutionality of the la e Bank of
the United States Before that power which sus-
tained the constitutionality of a bank can arise,
Congress most first declare that it is both necessary
and proper to collect the revenue in that mode.
When I am at liberty, and shall be called on to tct
on that subject, I will think of it. Congress has
not now so declared.
It is perfectly clear, then, Mr Presiden*, that this
vagrant power must re looked for somewhere else
than wheie the Judges of the Supreme Court found
ir another mightv hunter has started in the chase,
and where does he find this power'
1. In the authority to oi in money and regulate
the va'ue thereol What is the meaning oí the
vv ord monej in that clause' Does it rutan metallic
or papei money, or both' 11 it means only me-
tallic money, (and who w ill pretend to the contrarv')
then does not the rule ol construction, ihat specifi-
cation of one thing is the exclusion ot ancther,
aptJv'
In the seumd place, the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts finds it m the clause author zing
Congress to regulate commerce, &c The argu-
ment of the Senatei is able and ingenious upon
the subject At present I do not intend to expíe s
any opinion as to ihe power of Corigiess to regú-
lale die currency of State banks It is a subject
too weight), and of i  o grave import, to be decided
collaterally
But, Mr Presidert, admit that the Senator from
Massachusetts hps proved that Congress has po \er
to regulate the currencs ol the country, and that it
is our duly to d i so     What kiad of power is it!    K
is undeniably an rxiplied powei, a delegated povi-
ei, and a tiust powt.     Can we delegate that it w
er to a coiperation,  euhei created by oinstlvf s tr
by a foreign powc, to be exercised, ct n loliei', anj
rigulatedbv oflirsis unknown to the Constii m i,
cho-en by the corpoiafons, amenable to thecupo
ntion* indvniconiiol'able 1)<  ihe people, tkr< u„h
then ftiastiiut on il «¡ru")t       Could Congiess rhf.
„aie that dele^ued and ipim ptutr u> the Ban1   >)
England o¡ Fiance, ant, ¡t net, whv ik-p    Wiil m>%
