234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar. 1838.
25XH   CoNCr •••2'«D   ¡SB.SS.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Wall.
Senate.
to infamy, and (o be delivered over to the barkings
of " Tray, Blanche, and Sweetheart," and all the
cur does ot the press, and libelled by the toasts ol
New York renegade loco focos.
But, Mr. President, it is said that I have been
instructed substantially. Now who pretends that
declaratory resolutions and instructions are the
same Aie they the men who believe in instruc-
tions' No, sir, no. They are men who dunot be-
lieve m it themselves, but they attempt to )i«hion
a belief lor other*. They aie like blind men dis-
coursing of colom. " De non appuentibus et non
tvistenlibus eademest >atio " "A w ink is as good as
a nod to a blind man " I protest against ihe right
of such men to prescribe a creed for me An in-
fidel is not a sale teacher of the doctrines of Chris-
tian seels On this subject I claim the puvilege
ol being bound by my own creed, and thecieed ol
my friends, «o far as I have adopled it, and that my
consistency should be determined by its conformity
to such creeds. 1 mean not to impose a creed on
others, but I do claim the privilege of forni'iig my
own.
Now, sir, what is my creed on this subject' The
only one that I have publicly avowed is, that the
representative is the constitutional organ ol the
public will in the choice of President and Vice
President, and tint he is bound to conlorm to the
voice cf his constituents when lawful!) expressed,
and that he cannot look behind the electoial recend
Upon ihis subject 1 may claim the merit oi consis-
tency, however heteíodoic my cieed maybe in a
( ase where all my feelings and personal pieferenees
were in opposition to the choice of my constituents
1 allude, Mr President, to the occasion when 1 was
to unfortunate as to be compelled, by my adherence
to that creed, to record my vote for another, in-
stead of yourself, for the place you now fill Much
misundeistanding prevailed on that subject, and I
was complimented by a respectable clergyman in
my neighborhood for my independence I wrote
him a letter on that occasion, which I ask the jier-
mission of the Senate to read, as it will best evpiam
my views in respect to mv represéntame duty
[Heie several Senators called out, ' peimission'
read it ' ] Mr W resumid I am giatilul loi
the peimission The letter is addicssid to ih< IUv.
Mr John Plotts, at Mount IIolh,nnil is thud, and
was wiitttn, in lb sChambir, on the 17th u! I (.bin-
ary,  1837.
'"V olio* ( itu l3 h I i ! il vv ie re c v i 1 1 y humh - in i, iiv
in 1 to picvent tnyinsio n¡ i n ol my mi i lot Mi Ciau^ei
I hamen Lo answt i n    Mv von was nuigivm lor Mr Giumr
bi causo I had my shrunk aliuul voting k i Col Johnson (In
thecotlraiy Col luhnsou was my choici I voted lor him al
the elecloi tl eltclloil I hit voe was my own I b In ml
that Col lohuson was a brivt pituouc ctu¿en, win was
bi«ely -Idtideied by hi  p >lnl a! opj oticn!", who would him
taken him upas thai candldtte in the Ptisldcnry coukl ho
llave been induced to lend himself to their pin puses We
should not then have heaid m\ thine about llu <hrk tlnin
Col loons' >n, throughout a political pxi lummt uuptt lilt led in
our country, had for mote inan twenty >i ars stood Itnn in tue
conn fence 0i ins e instlluenls tun n|ihni¿ u tunes ovu the ji >
lineal majority ol hie opponents I! n u' b m li ui iidliydn
conh lence of his estate, and 1 thou hi these u | e ceil i vuli i,ci s
of the gi nti lenco and good optm n In-. 1«l'hbuis uid kllow
Ct Zens w el e en Hied t > 1 1 111 rell n ee ill u die i u*e (I tb f-i
Who wite striving 11 gam 1 ill e bv tl t ¡'icing 1 1111 Th s,
rhngesdid not move me il'liotuh 1 wis uv in thtt they ¡h I
mjve m my £ )u ' men I know the bul'-iuiss and the tal ily ol
parly malignity , and il ( ol   J dins >n vv is no! lite Iiom 111 rs
II  lie was not pcrlec, he po sussed die love, lunti ence, nid
respect of his neighbors, wh> knew tnmb si, uid 1ns icrvii is
l  luseouo iy, his sill ntiv and his ( ur drvoti to to I hi prtu
ciplcs 01 our institutions givt htm 1 pie*eruiie lit mv j i lr
ment, over Mi Granger, who is clu fl> distinguished I >r his
fcoppirtof \.ntimasonir principles
' tint, sir having Riven a 10 e lor C 1' Johnson 1 minlivi
dual, I was called on aa s nitor to choose be ween Ihe two
highest candidates for lie oftiee ol Vice Pre iJ< nt, leturncd by
the efectorsof the bribed Mites My ch lice wo, lestiiitedtu
two, in mak ntnt, I thought I was not to act individually but
asarepre-entuive Of whom' Iihmuht ol ihe people ol Isew
Jersey, for the Constitution of ihe Lruted States does tint n
cognise the Legislatures of the S a es in choosing Presidents ->nd
Vice Presiden s and if I was not the icpiesenta no of the [ < 1
pie, I was a repiasontauve wl hoot a conailuerit, w'liili
wool! be an absurdity I thoughtihe Cons nun m of the 1 ni
ted states gives the choice 01 President and Vice Piesi ien'
primarily to ihe prople of the Sidles i umeric illy, if they tall
10 choosing a President, t'le selee ton fro n the ti-ree hlidlct re
tuinedby the people uevolveson the ¡statesas Sta'esiepresent
edm the H rase of Representatives I thou"1 111 thaiease, the
representatives woul 1 be houndtr thefirmuFiance toconloi in to
the electoral v ote of then states that thi-iva  necessary upuu the
principles ofom Constitution,which enablesthesnall States thus
10 protect thcrnselvei from the overwhelming force of numbers
in the large States, that it resulted from the very nature of re
piesorfttvve Government, which ma' es use ol igems 10 cairy
into effect the will ot the people, not dieir own Hence alsc
results the doctrine of instruction and obedience I believe
d at where the opinion of the people is fairly and conUUutvm
ally expressed, that the agent is bound to obey, tlttt although
this doctrine of instruí «on has its limits anil lestrlctions, and
the duty of obedience mav (is controlled by en uiimstances, yet
that those exceptions unly proved tho gcueiii rult, and here
was a case cloai ol all dimciiity 11 the people hav e any right,
it is clearly the right to choose a 1'ieaident and Vice President,
and that right is not foi felted In a failure! to clionao in one
mode, but it Uvea throughout the other modi, although in
choosing a Vice President the rtennto s act numerically, this
docs not make a substantial dilTereui-e. as tiny are the repre
seutauves of the States, In then %cn i nation, anil a  tlio Vice
President may beioiae PiosiduitJ ihousht I was bound t  give
ihe wnce ot the paoph ot ihe Slate 1 lepiesent not my own,
on tin- oicts on It id 1 found di u ni) w i uples on this subject
wem dtsn glided by others, so i^ in dfUoy the principle on
which 1 acted 1 should have bul the lmnnt¡-s ami tudgment in
that case to act m becaiun an Ann in in henntor Nothmi;
ol the kind otcurred ^K senitnis stood its I did, with
the choke of th n coiuaitui bis oppisul to tho fetdings
ol their inri lucnib- Ini ot tin ill wile Whins, two of those
voted with tin it constituents thin ol them according to their
own \ lews rheri was one 1 ii k i  n l^iit elm in the position I
ot t upied I!, \ottd tin Colon I lohnsnn PbelB was then a
balance ol two\Vhi¿ votisu'auisitlieii umstitHints, still, how
ovu the voiie oi the pi opio ol ttio States triumphed fro
situ ited 1 wtm calltst m to volt 1 \oti d as the pooplo of New
Iurse\ ilnou^li iliur i leeiois voted 1 did not ihink that I
was at hbutv to look behind tin iicoid ot iho electoral vote
alihoucti it wiwn intliiur and I iboiiiiht, an accidental majo
ru> Still howevir I thought my vole btdonstid to Iho people
ot Vw lerty and I (live tinir von, not mino This is in
an a linei vvub mv own punt tplt-1, ¡mil the principles and
1 i il, s i tus il ni\ parly I urn n it withnct to pieaeh out thing
uilpriiliti anothil t was avvaie lhal tilts vole wntlltt sub
n 11 uu to 11 nsuri on bo b sidt ^ but 1 b iv i t nitre confidence in
ibecool eis una b moeiy ol niv constuuonts, and thateven
tho i vvh i dillti with mi will d i mo the IU-.11C0 to believe that
! i ted cons stently vvtih mv own principios and those ot my
I urlv
(I am not niseusibli ol tin value ol the ¡mod opinion ol yom
si I!   mil   ilihoujth it is mainii si th une filler In some lei-jii its
I i mnol lonsi ut to it ive you ui any t nor as to the tltoilYcs of
my conduct in to 11 urn a mull whnh Í do not deaei vt   '
So much, sir, for my conduct on this occasion
2. My paity in New Jersey have declared that
it is the uiuloubted right ol the Legislatures of the
several States lo ltistiuct those who represent their
iiiteiesttr in the councils ol the nation in all matters
which intimately concern Ihe public weal, and may
a fleet Ihe happiness or well hemp: ol the people
It is due to mvselfand lo truth, Mr President,
to declare that I was not consulted in relation to
ihe instructions of 1834 or 1835, but they were
both intiodueed and pissed without consulting me
The dot trine which they contain has, however, my
approbation I believe that, auorrimg to thclhcory
ol t or institutions, ihe Ia-srisUiiires have the right
to instruct Senators, betause lhey are the imme-
dii'e (onslitnents of the Senators, and the light ol
instruction belongs to, and it suits Iiom, the very
nature of rt piesenuiive Govcrtimt nt and constitu-
ency. The Legislatuios mav tnstiuct Senators, and
the people may instruct Ifgtslatots But 1 do not
believe lint ihe Ligislatuie is diostn to convey the
opinio.s of the people—the common principal both
of Senators and Sute lcgislalois—to Senators, in
any other way thnn instruí lions They may con-
vey their own commands, in the way ol instruc-
tions, to Senators, m all millers which inti-
mately concern the pubhc weal, or aflect tin
happiness and well being ol the peop'e They
then assume the responsibility of the act which
they command to be dine, and make it then
own atl, an 1 not the at t ol the Senator,
and transfer all nsponsibiltfy from the Senalor
to themse'ves. Thev distbarge the Senator from
responsibility to their common pi incipal,and assume
it themselves But I d i no!, and never did, hold
the doctrine of p tssive obedience and non-rtsis-
tance II a Legislature instructs me to do what 1
think will not piomote the common weal and ihe
happiness and well-being of the people, I shall here
tell ihem so, and make known my opinion to our
common master, the people, cast the responsibility
upon them, v here it does and ought to test, and
leave it for the people, in whose rapacity fot self-
government I have lull confidence, to decide be
lueen their common agents But I shall obey the
instructions of the Legislature when they are eletr-
ly given Sir, in declaring this, I also feel bound
to say that I do not believe that the people of New
Jersey selected their Legislature to think for me, to
reason for me, to believe for me, oi fo impose their
political creeds upon me They are a high-minded
and gererous people, and they mean to be represent-
ed, both here and in their own Legislature,
by high-minded and honoiable agents. Thev
knew that v hen lhey selected members of the
Legislature, they clothed them with the powei of
commanding then. Senators- but if they did com
mand, it was upon their assuming the responsi-
bility of the act commantJed to be done, and ab-
solving the Senators from any responsibility to the
people. Bui, sir, the people of New Jersey did
not know and did not believe that a Legislature
would be found that would meanly shrink; from
their proper responsibility of commanding what
they thought the public interest required, and put
foith then own wishes as the wishes of the people.
The people know how to speak their own wishes
and opinions in their own way, and m the consti-
tutional mode. I have always repudiated the
doctrine which those who do not believe in instruc-
tions put forth to disgiace the doctrine of mstiac-
tions—that eveiy election for a constable oi otheL
local oflicei, or for eveiy member of the Legisla-
ture, is an instruction to the agent of the people in
the National Legtslaluie—that the representatives
of the people here are to become political automa-
tons, weathercocks, and turn north, east, west, oi
south, as such elections should point-
Mr. President, while I acknowledge the du'y
of obedience to « stiwciitms, it is light foi me
to say that I do not acknowledge the right of
the Legislature to play with it as wax, and to
mould it to any form. I will not be made
the instrument of its abuse, nor shall it be pros-
tituted to fraudulent puiposes through my aid.
I am no Jew, and do not believe that it my enemy
disregards the Sabbath and makes war on me on
that dav, that the command to keep it holy forbids
self-defence. I now announce that, if those who
do not believe in the doctrine of instruction, but
tiample it in the dust and laugh it to scorn, attempt
to destroy my political friends and pnnctples by
fraudulently availing themselves of our reverence
for that doctrine, that they will not find me dis-
armed oi unprepared foi defence. 1 will not lend
myself to any puipose to make the doctrine a
sword lor its enemies to destroy its friends, or a
shield to save the enemies of the doctrine from all
possibility of hazard. If they mean to blow hot
and cold, they must select some other person to try
that experiment upon. Now, Mr. President, let
ti  see what the resolutions of the Legislature ot
New Jeisey are, which are said to want only the
little word instruct to make them instructions. So
a statue may be said only to want vitality to make
it speak.    With your pel mission I will lead ihem .
"Wilt leas it is the light aaú dutv of die people to t\press
their opinions in relation to public measures, and whereaa tho
peeultai and embarrassed condition ol our public alfaiis loud
I y demands an o\pres«ion oí ihe sciitimenu, ot the people of
Now Jersey     Theretoie,
"Zie il tlsqIvuI Ot/ Ot/ Council and Geneied i^t,unbly of
tint, ¿>talt, 'that it is the Canstltutional light and duty ot
O ingresa lo provide for tho bale keeping <md dispobiiion ol the
public tleastlie, and any act ol tin executive, wheuby it lb
rem ived lrom the tustody ot those to whom Congress have
contidcd it, is a violation ot law, and a dangerous abuse of
powei
2 And be it tesolicd, That the resolution of the Senate of
the United States, ot the twenty eighin ot Mai i h, in the year ol
our 1 oid one thous tnd eight bundled and thntv lout which
declares that "the Piesident, m the lite Lsecuuve pioeeedmgs
in re! mon to the public rcvemii, assumed dulboilty and power
not conleired by tin Constitution and laws bin m derogation of
both," meets the di i ided ippiotntii u o! i n^ Le l^Utuie and
wc lead ihe expunging ol lb it lesolution lrom the journal of
the 1st nato a an ocien intiaetlou ot onf ol the plainest provi
sions ol the Constitution, and of mostdengi ious tendency
,} Audit unsolved Inat tin claim and practice ol the
iSnional J.xeoutivc, winch regatd all executive officers, and
especially those to whom the public moneys aieeiinusted by
law, as the mei e ajeols oi the Presidí in, whom be may on all
oi c isions contiol and dismiss at his pleasure, aie inconsistent
wi h tho Republican principles ul out institutions, an assump
lion of regal pieiogauve, and tend to me es abbshment of arbi
tiary i. ivcrnmcnl
4 Andbi it ruolvtd, That tl e circular letterfrom the Trea-
sury Department, known as ihe Ispeueciicular," and i sued
bv direction of the Lxccutive, was not justified by law, mexpe
diem in iclation to the cuuency ot the country, unjust m lis
operation on difierent sections ol the Union, and m violation of
the i (institutional rights of the "states and the people
' ■> And be i' rcsolvrd, That the lemoval ot the public
monev iiom the deposite n which the law of the land re
quired ihem to tie kept, and where they were sofeand available
at all umc>, their depos te in banks, notselected or authorized
by ( ougre s or i apable ot perfo mmg the duties of fiscal
agents ol ihe Civeinmen , the encotnagimcnt to them by the
admimstidtlln.toeulaige then discounts and en eulation, and m
crease the papei money of the country, the eountenancegiven
to the creation ot an immense amount ol new banking capital
by the teiateo, the unnecessary, unwise, and tolced importations
ofspieie from countries to which ouv own was indebted, and
to which, by ihe operation1! of commeice, it must be restored,
ind therefu al to receive the ordinary circulating medium for
duei to the Government constitute a succession o acts founded
m ignorance of the condition and tmerests of the cmimrv, whose
inevitable tendency was to derange the bimneesand exchanges
of the dtrieieit pouionr of the Union, eieatedlstiust, embarriss
eiciy blanch ot industry, dp«trov the pi ospcntv of the country
