Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
235
25th Cong—2nd Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Wall.
Senate.
a id oppress the laboring classes of the community, and that, m
fio opinion of the people of this Sute, these acts of the Govern
nient have d stroyed the business of the nation, and are the im
mediate causes ol the depreciated sta'e of our circulating ine
dium, and of the universal distress of the community
1 b And be it resolved. That file recent act of Congress,
iounded on the recommendation of the President, which with
holds irom the States mne millions of dollars, which had been
pledge 1 to them, disappointed the just expectations of the
S ates, and was an unjust and unnecessary notation of faith,
leading to consequences injurious to the States and the people
'7 Anc1 be it reselved, That the issue of ten millions of
Treasury drafts to enable the Government to meet the expenses
of its Administration, ts evidence of a wanton waste of the
Hbiindtut revenues and resources, an unnecessary addition to
the paper monev of the country and a violation of the profes
sions and promises which have been made to the people
'8 And be it resalad, That this Legislature look with alarm
t > the measures proposed and urged by the present National
Executive, and in the name, and on the behalf of the people of
this State, do most earnestly and solemnly protest against—
"1st The adoption of what is usually called the SubTreasu
ry scheme, whereby all the public treasure will be m the hands
oi the officers of the Government, to be kept and dis
bursed by tl em, will be unsafe maybe used forpaityand
corrupt purposes, <md will augment the Executive powertoa
dangerousextent masmuchasthecontrol of the whole treasure
oí th* na ¡on will, by i.he power of appointment and removal,
be in the hinds of the President alone
"2J T'ie establishmentof toe principle and practice of com
pelhug alt dues to the Government, and alt debts from the Go
vernment, to be paidmspeue alone, because H will enable the
Gov rnment to obtain possession ot a large proportion of the
specie of the country, and thereby control at pleasure, and
destrov, the circulating medium, created by the States, and it
also establishes a most odious distinction between the people
and those who hold public office, inasmuch as the latter will
receive for their salanes, and inpayment for their services,
gold and silver, while the labor of the people must be paid for
in les  valuable paper, which the conduct of the Government
v\ ill mor* and moro depreciate, and render worthless
' Sü The passage of a special bankrupt law, applicable to
State banks because it violates the spirit of the Constitution of
the T nited ^tates is paiual m its application, and interferes
\\ l h the acknowledged rights oí the States, inasmuch as it as.
-umesto the General Government the powei to dictate the
terms on which corporations created by the ¡states shall be recu
'rfttij and destroyed
'9 And be it revolted. That we regard these measures as
ruinous to the best interests i f our coun ry, and daneerous to
tl t existence of out Republican institutions, and we dtclare
vtui solerán r mv lcnon that they are decidedlv disapprove! by
the people o' this State, and that our refTresei tatives in both
HousesTif Congress will best conform their acts and votes to
the wishes of their constituents, by a faithful resistance to their
adoption
"10 And be it resolved, That m his unwavering opposition
to nil the foregoing measures, his patriotic and eloquent sup
port of the above íeciled resolution, and his untiring and al le
defence of the rights and interests of ' he States and fhe people,
the Hon Samuel L Southard has discharged the duties or the
statesman and the patriot, and entitled himself to our highest.
r°spect and wannest ¡zratitui'e
"11 And beit resolved That the conduct of the Representa
uves of this Stale m ihe present House of Representatives,
merits ¿ d leeeives om leeided and hearty approval
12 And be it resolved Tnat the Governor b11 required to
transmit a copy of ihese rts iIiuk its to each oí our "senators and
Representatives ¡n Congress, v\ith a request to present thesame
to bith House   '
No man, sir, will seriously pretend thai these are
instruct ons. They are t' e mere declaration of
what the Legislature profess to believe to be the
voice oí the people of New Jersey, respecting the
policy of the General Government They contain
no commands, there is no manlv assumption of re-
sponsibility, no generous confidence in avowing
these opinions, which relieves the agents of the peo-
ple here from their responsibility to the people
Why did they not instruct, if they so meant? Was
it because they were ignorant of the difference be-
tween instructions conveying the command-, of the
Legis'ature, and resolutions professing to declare the
opinions of the people? I have shown that the re-
cords ot ihe Legislature abound with precedents
Was it because they considered them identical1
I have shown that Whig Legislatures instruct
when they no mean. Was it because they could
not instruct without trampling upon the reputation
of ihe Senator whom they meant to applaud? If
so, it ought to have admonished them not to play
with edged tools. But why speculate on this sub-
ject? I turn to the terrth resolution, which applauds
the conduct of my colleague as a statesman and a
patriot, as one which 1 view as decisive upon the
subject I ask, sir, could any Legislature be found
that would, in the same breath, give instructions
to Senator', and, in the same breath, pour out un-
measured praise upon a Senator who had stood,
for more than three years, in open, repeated, and
renewed, disobedience to the instructions of the
Legilsature and the vo ce of the people of New
Jersey; who had the presumption to appeal from the
Legislature to the people, who had had two fair
trials, both before the I egislature and the people,
had promised obedience, and had, after all, dis-
obeyed? Why, sir, it is a degree of inconsistency
that amounts to iatuitj     By the  benign  princi-
ples of the common law, no man can be permitted
to stultify himself, and the Legislature of the State
which I have, in part, the honor to represent, ¡>hall
not do se, with my consent. My honorable friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buchanan] may look to
the immunities of legislative bodies on the other
side of the Delaware.    It is no concern of mine.
Yes, sir, I take as deep an interest in that tenth
resolution as my colleague can, although it was
designed exclusively for hi  honor. It is my pro-
tection. It is at once an estoppel against these re-
solutions being set up as instructions and a letter of
license to me.
View them as instructions, or as intended to ope-
rate on me, and m what a disgraceful position do
they place the Legislature of New Jersey' How
will they dare to look a generous, high-minded,
and confiding constituency in the face? This con-
struction assumes that they meant to dishonor ihe
voice of the people by applauding him who diso-
beyed it; to dishonor legislative instructions, by
holding out legislative honors to disobedience, that
they dare nol, out of tenderness to their friends,
manfully expíen what they meant, or that the con-
duet of those friends had constrained them "to
palter m a double sense"—to attempt by ináirec-
tion what they had not the manliness to do direct-
ly, in short, sir, it assumes that they would not in-
struct, because they knew I would obey, and thus
defeat malignity And therefore they fraudulently
contuved resolutions which they knew were not
irstructions, but intended to wear the form, without
the substance, and thus place both my colleague
and my-elf in false positions., and let loose upon
me the cur dogs of paity.
Mr. President, I do not view these resolutions
as instructions. I cannot do so without stamping
the Legislature with fraud and dishonor. I shall
confcnue in that opmion until some one of that
Legislature avows that they were so meant, under
his own name, and I will then bring him before the
tribunal of our masters to answer for the fraudu-
lent use and abuse of legislative trust,
That these resolutions were not designed as
instructions to me, is further confirmed by the his-
tory of the day. It is well known that the poetical
gentleman who introduced them, and who, no
doubt, ct nstdered that he held m the breath oí his
nosuils the isiues oí death and immortality, would
not even "breathe my name," but committed it to
the awlul punishment of letting it "rest in ihe
shade." He would not suffer it even to be breathed
in connection with these immortal resolutions.
Another, and a conclusive, reason why they were
not designed as, instructions, is, tha  both the Le
gislature and the people of New Jer-ey had, on
two ¿liferent occasions, sanctioned and confirmed
that part of the policy ot the General Govern-
ment which related to the administration of
General Jackson—the removal ot the deposites,
the taking the moneys oí the United States from
the use of the United Stales Bank, and repudiated
the resolution of the Senate o! the twenty-eighth
of March 18J4, as not warranted by law, and
commanded then Senators to vote for expunging
that resolution In fact, all the measures repudi-
ated by the resolutions m question had been pre-
v íously sanctioned by the people of New Jersej
If it were true, which I do not believe, that ihe
people had changed their mind on the subject, I do
not believe that the people who selected me as Se-
nator, and at the same time commanded me to ex-
punge that resolution, would afterwards disavow
the act, censure me for my obedience, and shower
thanks upon my colleague for disobedience. Wha>
could purify the doctrine of instruction irom such
disgrace, contempt, and lnfamj'
Sir, I have another reason for believing that
these resolutions were not designed as instructions,
and that anses from my modesty I do not be-
lieve that the Legislature intended to put me on
the road to honor by these resolutions; to place me
m the way of entitling myself to Legislative thanks,
by the merit of disobedience. Do you not perceive,
Mr, that if my colleague obtains honors by disobe-
dience to instructions, that disobedience is merit,
and that I can win honor in the same waj ? Surely,
sir, it would be doubting the justice oí the Legisla-
ture to suspect that, if disobedience was meritorious J
in my colleague, it could be less so in me. No
Legislature would render itself odious by making
fish of one and flesh of another Seaator.
No, sir they are not, and were not designed to
be instructions. They are simply a Whig creed.
It is well known, sir, that that party is composed of
discordant and heterogeneous materials; and fiiey
want a common standard for action here and at
home They applaud their representatives in Con-
gress for their conduct at the extra session in doing
nothing, and opposing every thing. Here they pre-
sent them a little book for their future guide, in
their arduous duties of opposition Now, sir, this
creed teaches me to believe that every thing that
General Jackson has done for the whole period of
his administration, and every thing that his succes-
sor has recommended, or will recommend, is
wrong Sir, I have a very great respect for the
Legislature of my native State, and the gentlemen
who compose it, but they must excuse me. They
believe too much for me I cannot believe up to
their standard Besides, sir, 1 have just enough of
the Quaker blood in my veins to reject creeds
which are made for me I do not believe m the
i lght of any body of men to frame and fashion a
political creed forme, or to order a faith for me. I
look upon my own faith as best, and shall hold on
to it until better advised
Sir, we have heard much of the spoils party. It
has been a fruitful subject of declamation; but the
great Whig par'y, while they condemn it, adopt it.
Wherever they get power they make a cleansweep
from the highest to the lowest, and they reward the
faithful My own Legislature, I understand, did
a snug business in that way, relieving the dis-
tresses of some eight hundred or a thousand of the
new recruits m the ranks of the spoils party. But
the effort 'o impose a creed on the vanquished, is
going one step beyond the atrocities of the odious
spoils party. Not content with stnppmg all those
oí oflice whom they can, (for when did they ever
spare a v ictim,) here is an avowed effort to make
those who are beyi nd their reach undergo the igno-
minious punishment ot the yoke, an attempt to
impose a creed upon them—to make them put on
their livery and get up behind their triumphant
coach. I will wear no livery but that of the people.
Mr President, this attempt by the victors to im-
pose a creed upon the vanquished, is a novelty.
It is not Republican, for Republicanism teaches
"Ihat error ot opinion may be tolerated while rea-
son is left free tj combat i*." It is not Christian,
for Chrisiian'tv teaches chant}. It is the Mahom-
etan and Turkish creed which is now sought to be
interpolated in the politics of the country; a creed
w hich teaches tiiat to the victors belong not only
the spoils, but also the right of imposing their creed
upon the vanquished. I am not prepared to turn
Turk I shall remain true to my iriends and my
country.
I sincerely thank the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, and the other Senators who have mani-
fested such zeal/or my conversion I have no
doubt it arose ftom the most kindly feelings to pro-
pagate the true faith on the doctrine of insiructicn3;
and I would therefore recommend that the  should
unite their efforts upon the honorable Senator ,rom
South Car dina, [Mr Preston] who is m the same
unfortunate situa'ion with myself It he should
become their neophyte, I will think of beginning to
take 'evsons from my honorable co league I will
owe my con/ersion to no oiher hands
Mr President, I have a few remaiks more, and
I will cease to tax j our pa'ience It is alwaj s with
undflected reluctance that I speak about myself. I
am, however, compelled to do so
The distinguished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] who plajs many pans here, and alwajs
with emmem ab lity, the other day, in striking at
friends and foes, spoke of my Federalism ; and my
honorable colleague has alluded to it m a manner
too significant to be misunderstood. What do
these Senators mean by such allusions 1 Do they
mean that it is an eternal reproach, an indelible
mark of disgrace, to have be'onge<i to the Federal
party 1 If that is their meaning, let them proclaim
it in New Jersey, and they will soon find that they
lose more than two-thirds of their supporters If
they drive from their ranks the Federalists, as
