Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX fO THE CONGRESSIONAL GhOÉk.
m
25 m Cong""2nd Sess.
Heirs of Robert Fulton—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
gratitude, from the friends of the bill, and it was
expected as a matter of course; and all that had
been said of that committee, and the chairman
thereof, might be true. Mr D. was not disposed
to doubt one word of it; but when he acted on a
matter oi this kind, he acted officially, he acted upon
oath, and when he was about to vote away
§ 100,000 of the proceeds of honest toil, he felt
bound, bj the most solemn obligations, to examine
for him^eif the propriety of the vote he was about
to give And should his vote be improperly given,
and injustice done to those whose interests were in-
volved, it would be but a poor apology either to
his conscience, his God, or his countr,, that he had
committed this violence on the rights of others, be-
cause the Committee of Charm said it was right.
This right, and this duty, to examine for him-
self into this matter, as well as others of asimilar
character, constituted his apology for asking the
indulgence of the House for a .short time to give
his reasons w hy he felt bound to vote in favor of
the present motion, and against the passage of the
bill, should the present motion succeed.
Mr. D remarked, that before proceeding wgive
the result of the examination he had made of this
subject, he thought it due to himself to say that he
commenced the investigation with the strongest
feelings oí friendship for the claim, gratitude for the
memory of Fullon, and sympathy for his heirs.
He had entertained a hcpt that, in the transcen-
dent services of Robert Fulton that have tended
so much to elevate his country in the scale of every
thing that is calculated to add to h r prosperity
and advancement at home, an 1 reputation abroad,
he would find ample inducements for sustaining
the appropriation in question, but m this he was
disaup^mled, believing, as he did, that no appro-
priation of money could be made by Congress, ex-
cept to cany into effect the purposes for which the
Federal Government was formed, and these he
would nonce before he took his seat.
The credit of the invention of the application of
steam to the propelling of boats, and the construc-
tion of machinery by which ths power of steam is
applied to the navigation of rivers, has almost uni-
v ersally been aw arded to Robert Fulton, and I was,
for man) j ears, among the number that thought
him entitled to that credit But what does history
«a)' I ho'd in mi hand a book, the title of which
is, " Anecdotes of Steam Engines," vol 2 This
vvoik is in high repute, and its author well esteem-
ed as a carelul, judicioas, and faithful compiler.
I procured it at the Patent Office, where it is re-
garded as a te-ct book Here Mr D requested
the Clerk to read from page 485.
" Blanco De Gany asea captain exhibited to the Emperor
an 1 King Charles 1, in the } eal lol3, ai engine by which ships
ant \e sehof the laraest s ze c mid be propelled, even in a
calm, without the aid or otr or sails
' >otv,i hstandin^ the o\ peinen which this project encoui
teiel, the Frnperoi   ie=olvod that an e\peument should be
made as ¡n fact, it w^s  with me siu ce s, in the haibor of
ííarcekmt on the 17th of June, 1543
Gaiayn ver pi duly expose 1 the construction of his en
mo but it was observed at the time of his experiment that it
consisted ol a laice caldron ot  vessel of boiling watei, and a
inn' ible wheel atnehed to each sida of the "hip
' The experiment was made on a ship of 200 tons, arrived
IromCaia lit, to disihaise acarsool wheat at Barcelona it
v,zu, eiUed th Timty, and the ciptam's name was Peterde
 carza
'By outer of Chat les \ and the Punce Philip the isecond,
his son, there were pre entat the time, Henry tie Toledo, the
g;, ernoi, Petei Cardona th., treasurei, Kivago, the vice Chan
Ttllor í ranas Grilla and many o bei persons of rank, both
( istilians and Catatonias and, among otheis set eral sea
v,ap ai is witnessed the opeiation, oome m the vessel, and others
on the sitóte
Th Em erot and Fnnce, and others with them, applauded
thi ensue and esj ec ally the expertness with which the ship
< jiildbe eirsru Ine tuasuier, Ravago,an enemy to the pro
¡re stid i v. > ¡11 mo' i- two leagues in three houis Itwasve
iy ,noph tel tndexp°n l^e and exposed to thaconstantdan
i ofbnsi   lh= Mil i The other commissionersaftnmed
ihi i ve dimllb net ultwtceas quick as a galley, served
I, 'h r ¡¡"i ^ u ^thn 1 and that at us lowtst rate it would
i mve i eagtie 11 an honi
1 riu exhibían j bei glinislied, Gaia^ took from the ship his
p).i it it 1 iw\ nr dep > ntdthe wood woik in the arsenat of
lime! ma  kept th   rest to himself
'N i \\ ithb andmg the difficulties and opposition thrown mthe
way by Itavago the invention wa-sapproved, andif the expedí
tion n w"nch C'niles V, was then engaged had not failed, it
would unloubledly have been favored by him As it was he
raised Caray to a higher station, gave him a sum of money
(/"ltl000iiiiia\edies>xsa ¡nesent,ouleredaU the expenses of the
, xt e u tent to he | ail out d the general treasury, and conferred
upon him other rt wards
"¡suchaiethe ItLts co lected fiom theongmaliegisterspre
served in the Royal archive  at Sumacas, and, among the pub
lie papers at Catalonia, arid those of the Heciístaiy a' War, for
the year 1543"
Thus, it seem=, as early as 1543, that a vessel
was propelled by 'team, to the great amusement
and astonishment of the Emperor and King,
Charles V, «nd a poruon of his Court; and the ma-
chinery consisted of a boiler, engine, and paddle-
wheels.
Hebert on Steam Engines, a w ork of much cele-
brity, furnishes us with these facts, page 295
"Among such atternp s we find the invention of Mr .1 riiathan
Hulls, of fondor who, in 173b, took out a patent for the appli
cation of the crank to the steam engi le by which addi ion he
purposed 'to carry vessels or ship  out of or into a harbor port,
or river, against wind or tide, or|in a calm } "
About the samp time, or shorily after, Mr Watt,
of England, also took out a patent for a similar
purpose, but constructed on a different plan, (ibid.
296) These experiments opened the way for
various others, some of which were successful
within the eighteenth century, one of which appears
to have been made for inland navigation on the
Forth and Clyde, in Scotland, by Mr. Symington,
but which seems to have been early abandoned,
in consequence of the injury done to the banks of
the canal by the waves produced by the paddle-
wheels. But it appears in the same work, on the
same page, by the statement of the ingenious Oliver
Evans, a native son of America, -whose engine is
described in another part of it, (p 141,) that so
early as 1785 he had published a description of a
mode of propelling boats bv steam. It is said, in
the history of Mr Evans, that his indigent circum-
stances prevented him irom canjmg his plans into
effect until 1804 Eut the historian says, " he
does fully, in our estimation, establish his claim
to the first contrivance of a jiracftcai steamboat'"
But a pamphlet published b\ a Mr Fitch, an
American citi/en, also the legislative history of a
contest betwe n Mr Fitch and Mr R.umsey, be-
fore tne f>gis'a ure of New Jersey, actuallv sho«s
therein that Mr Fitch had a small steamboat m
operation so tally as 17o5, on the Delaware river.
This boat was on the oar plan, in lieu of the w heel
paddles.
Mr. Fitch obtained a patent for his improvement
or discovery, or both, in 1791, from the Secretary
of State, (the officer who at that timo granted
patents,) when, or soon after, he obtained, by the
enactment of laws, the exclusive privilege of nan-
gating the waters under the jurisdiction of New
York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, and
perhaps Virginia, I think, for the term of twentv
years.
Mr Fitch, from the want of pecuniary funds,
was unable to cany his inventions, i improvements,
and legislative privileges ,nto successful operation
He visited Fiance for the purpose ot raisin? the
necessary means, and in Pans formed an acquaint-
ance with the American Minister, Mr Vail to
whom he disc'ose t the object of h s * i<nt, and to
whom he developed all his plans, models anf
draughts Being unsuccessful in 'he object ol h s
visit, he left all his papéis m the hands of Mr.
Vail.
The ne\t thing ol importance which demands
our attention is, that Mr Livmgsk n, ot New Yoik,
(the late lamented Cha icello',) reported that he
was in th  possession of a plan by vv inch he could
propel bias bv steim, but that he «as d iened
from can) rg his plan into prac'i"al operanon n
consequence of the exclusive punieses besu wed
upon Mr Fitch by the Legislature of New Yoilt
And he urged upon the Legisla'uie of hisnatne
State, bv memorial, the propnetv and importaice
of repealing the act securing tne " e vellón e pr ' <-
leges" &c t0 Mr Fitch, stating &motu oilui
things, fot leison, that Mi Filch had «h< n lout
his project of steamboats, and tia' l>" h-d ' " *V
country, &c
The Legislature ent'itamu' 'be p p ¡t ol
Mr Livingston, pissed in act upen i n
granttd to Mr. Fitch, mil giv ng Sh Li 'i?sltn
all the nghls and puwleges former'v gratitud to
Mr Fitch, and for the same term ot time, prov.ded
he should put into successful operat on, on the
* The hisiorv of Mr Etans'spioires^ and expeument n he
construction of eng nes, tnd the application o[ ste-im there \
is lutti 1) mterestu g, which w ill b^ fMind in ÍJeVrí <sp on
Engine," page 1)1, aid from piee 2t6 to Mt nVu-sive
Hudson rjver, a steamboat, within one year from
the passage of said aet.
This act was submitted lo the Council of Revi-
sion, who vetoed if; it was returned to the Legisla-
ture, reconsidered, and passed by the constitutional
majority leqmred, and thus, became a law. The
year within which, by one of its provisions, a boat
was to be placed on the Hudson river, passed
away, and the stipulated condition was not com-
plied with. Farther time was asked, and two
years more were merged m that which will be wit-
nessed no more, and no boat had jet appeared on
the Hudson river An extensión of time was soli-
cited, and four adaitional years granted.
But, some time before this, Mr. Fulton, whose
name I have not been able to introduce into this
history until now, and whose name is in no man-
ner yet connected with the invention of steam
engines or steamboats, went to Pans m the humble
capacity of a painter, in which he sustained, as
history informs us, a good reputation, and attained
great celebrity, and, being an American, whose
excellence as an artist all were willing to acknow-
ledge, formed an acquaintance and an intimacy
with Mr. Vail, and it is believed had full access to
the draughts, models, &c left m his hands by Mr.
Fitch
Mr Livingston about this time was appointed
Minister to France, (Mr. Vail resigning or being
called home,) and soon after his arrival Mr. Ful-
ton, it is known, was associated with him in the
monopoly granted by the Legislature of New York.
He returns to America, and, by the united energies
and mean=; of the Chancellor and himself, puts in
successful operation a steamboat on the Hudson
river in 1807 This query naturally arises in the
mmd «as Mr Fulton benefited by the use and
examination of Mr Fitch's models, draughts, and
plans'! x leave it 'o the friends of this bill to fur-
nsh a reph, a  I am as unwilling as they possibly
can be, that one leal should be torn from the
vv reatb that fame has entvvm^d around his memorj
We sec Mr Fulton in the possession of a steam-
boat on the Hudson, invested, as an associate of
Mr. Livingston, with exclusive privileges for navi-
gating the waters of New York from that time to
the fuil expiration of twenty year , with an addi-
tional benefit of five years more for every boat that
he should construct and put upon the waters of the
Hudson, provided the whole time ot extension did
not exceed thirty years
Some tuo or three years subsequently, Mr. Ful-
ton obtained from the United States Government a
patent for this discovery of or invention of apply-
ing steam to (he propelling of boats, with the
exclusive rght to the use and benefit of said disco-
veiv and patent lor the term of fourteen years.
We now must thion m'o the rubbish of time the
names an i discoveries of Blasco de Garaj, Jona-
than Hulls, Mr Watt, Mr Sumngton, Oliver
Evans, Mr Fitch, Rumse>, < nd Liv ngston, to be-
slow on Mr Fulton the name, reputa'ion, ard
glory, of hav ins discov ered the application of ^tearn
tu the propelling of boats
And now in posses-ion of a patent for the same,
(the undonbtefl evidence of his invention,) together
with all the pecnmaiy enoluments growing out of
fie vast memoiolv granted io hi.n, (tiu'v vast in
a ptcuii an point ot view ) but all of which vhich
were small compaied vvitn the transcendent glory
irhxed tu his na ne, and the grateful rer "tnbrance
that is indelioiv impressed upon the ht.irts of his
cojivrj men, which alo le can be lost oi eradicated
w non the steam palaces cease io uefy the (orient,
aid si blue the cunent of the h oad and nvghlv
i ve n on vtn cli the> dailv ridt  « "Uj sts
Fai be if i * t to sa, < i ' a v tl. ng ¡hat
s.ouldioi a moment d"face oi imppic t^s? proud
r ct iVe.totis ii>w 'Us, mgieaning the rnsfm-y of
1 selaim lo ihc',uui is si >u use^ lav .shed upon
i i, nh «.h ni} s t ¡un t ¡ i c «mpeiied me to do,
re¿ trlless ot sniiks 11 fiuvns, oi the piaises which
have besn sung to (he mimorj of Mr. Fulton, I
have done no more than mj tluij
I know, su, I shall be taied vv.th hardihood for
having the temerity, as. some may be pleased to
term it, and ingratitude, to attempt to set up my
judgment against a torrent of public feeling that
Hows, throughout the Union in favor of Mr. Fulton,
