238
25th Cong>.««2nd Ses*.
But, sir, whatever efiect this exposition of histori-
cal and well-authenticated facts may have in disa-
busing the public mind, I cannot hold myself ac-
countable. I am no author; I did not make these
large books which I now hold up to your view,
and in which I have found all the information
■which I have this day presented before this House
in relation to the steam engine.
I am aware, sir, that, had I not done so on this
occasion, some other opportunity would have oc-
curred, and some other individual—perhaps with
less grateful regard than what I possess for the
fame of Mr. Fulton—weuld have presented them
t  your consideration, and laid them before the
American people. Still they exist, they constitute
a part of the irue histoiy ol the great agent, steam
—the steamboat and the steam engine.
But, supposing that they are <ill untrue, that the
record 11 false, and the whole nairation the result-
and offspring of conspiracy, enteied into and exist-
ing two hundred years befóte Mr. Fulton was
born, and earned on with all ihe malignity, jealousy,
bitterness, and injustice, with which conspiracies
are generally characterized and conducted, to de-
prive him of his merited name and fame up to the
time that he set m motion his boat on the Hudson,
to the great advancement of navigation, the pios-
peruy of his country, and the universal happiness
of mankind. Supposing these historical facts are
the results of such a conspiracy, and they should
become generally believed, to ihe prejudice of his
mcmoiy, síiíí theie is enough leít to secure him a
nation's everlasting gratitude for his improvement
of the machinery by which the power of sleam is
usefully and beneficially, and 1 may with truth add
mvaluab'y, applied to the propelling of boats The
honor ol bemg successful w >ts application to boats is
his, he is entnled to all the ^lory that can ledonnd
from lliat improvement, and no conspiracy, princi-
pality, or power, on the face of the earth, can de-
prive him of t.
But, sir, setting aside these historical facts as un-
true, and as unworthy of a place in histoiy, oi of
our belief, and admitting Mr Kulton to be the au-
thor and inventor of the first application of steam
to boats, or giving him the credit that is íeally due
to him, and «Inch no per>on will attempt to wrest
from him, I mean thk iMritovriwrM oi ihfstmm
enginf, how stands the matter so far as it regirds
this claim'
That Mr Fulton has done much for the good of
his country must be, and is, freely admitted Wtwt
has been his comp. nsation? 1 am not prepared at
present to say that it Ins been what it might to bav c
been But, should it be found, and could it be
made to appear, clearly anil indisputably, that it
fell short of his merits, ai d of ihe legal obligations
of the United S'ates to him, I will be the lirst and
foremost person in this llous-e in according to
those who are entitled to the benefits of whatever
may be so found due to him, the uttermost farthing
thereol Yes, «ir, mv vote shall be for ihe mosi
liberal sum, bui not till 1 am first convinced that
there is a legal claim Then, and not until ihen,
will I vote an appropriation, lot I am firm in my
belief that we have no tonsl tutional power to do it
Air Pulton reaped incalculable benpfils from the
exclusive monopoly which he enjoyed lor many
yeaison the waters of New York, and also fiom
his patent right for fourteen years Sir, I am una-
ble to present to the House an estimate, in dollars
and cents, of the real intrinsic value ol the privi-
leges, anli-repubhcan as they were, gianted to Mr
Fulton, I can onl) say that he and his assignees
did enjoy a lucrative income, for vetv many}ears,
by the enjoyment of 'team navigation upon th< 
Hudson, by the sale ol patent rights, and other
sources, and, abo,c all, hy the sale oí siotk m his
monopoly. The m< nopoly was obnoxious, and
fio n the fact that, whatever fate rupidit) and av<i-
rce pleased to demand, could be exacted fiom
the wayfaring man and the traveller, impositions
were practised for many -tears with a heavy or
light hand, even as Mr Fulton and his asso-
ciates saw proper to lay on the public The
law securing to him these privileges on the
Hudson, I am told, was carried into execution to
the utmost extent of its letter, during the whole
time of its existence, either by Fulton or his as-
£ TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Heirs of Hubert Pulton—Mr. Duncan.
signs, and that the pnce of a passage from New
York to Albany was seven dol/ais'! and his boats
were thronged with passengers, whereas, immedi-
ately after the expiration of the monopoly, the fare
fell to two or three dollars, and has been as low as
fitly cents
I may be told that this monopoly, and the pro-
fits arising from it, wca intercepted and diminish-
ed by the suit in the Irnitsd States Couris, not so.
True, there was a dec* ion m favor ol the United
States, and unfavorable to the full extent of Fulton's
claims; but they were no further affected than the
General Government revenue was concerned, and,
above all, did not affect Mr. Fulton's heirs at the
latter portion of its being, because, some tune be-
fore he died, Mr. Fulton sold out his right, title,
and interest to Mr. John R Livingston, who as-
signed his interest to the Noith River Steamboat
Company, and the stock held bj the heirs of Ful-
ton in that company was sold for an enotmous ad-
vance prior to the decision of the Supreme Court of
the United Stales.
The Government apptopuated five thousand dol-
lars which was paid into the hands ol Mr. Fulton
for the purpose of making experiments for the de-
fence of our coasts and harbors bv means of torpe-
does These toipedoes were siibm.inne machines
intended for blowing up ships ol war, and at the
time when these evpenments weie in progress,
were subjecls of ridicule throughout the Union,
and civilized Europe, and weie what Napoleon
Bonaparte pronounced "a system of quackery, and
Fulton an impostor " What poi non of the five
thousand dollars he received, wa< expended hi the
experiments, we are not informed, but ihe fair, rea-
sonable, and just presumption is, that he took care
ot himself, diid make ihe most of the speculation
upon Government, the game being entirely m his
own hands
The Government enteied into an agreement with
Mr Fulton to build (eitain -t(,amboats on the
Western wattrs, b) uhiih agiiement he reteived
§40,000 Here Mr Dhwían i u| netted the
Clerk to read a cop) of the conn act, which is as
follows
Mi mm anltun of an a' ruttm in t nit ml into this twenty seventh
il ty of l)et ember, m tit  year eiiihti tit huinlud and I mili en,
hi tweeit tin houtinili t I inns Mnttr.it   rst 111 tai y at VV ai foi
the limit il hlatea ol  Anient t oi tin   Inst pan, iml Robett
I ultnn ol  thi   my of New  \ itk in In lull ol  himself and
tht owneraul the vtrfuviua, the Una, tntt tht  Niw Oilcans
ant! Natchti steamboats*, trading nui intinilitl to trait on (he
rtwr  Mni i-siiiipi, and tin   liiiilido Mi tnihoat, lnt-aided  lu
trade on the Ohio river tilth   s. londpill
Wli it ii it is tin lnl'ieelol ihe United "slates th it the iiaKl
ruante iais hli nil In put into operuton with all pi-iseilile des
1 Itch I ir the purpose oftniwp ttnurti  ops ind tbe munitions
ol w ir on sin i rivers, it is in it by tt„'ti ed by tin, party of the
ütt . pirt to liinmthauly advanet oulol the  litasurj of tht
IfmtidStHtesf anion aceourit ol the Ui lied Satén, to the sml
ptrty of the ueond pirt   foity thotisuid ttoliats m lreastny
no ef, lor tin purpoae ol etimplitmti and briiulng intooptra
tioii end en amboals, an 1 on tin liillowms: t onditn nt>
that during th' piesent \vu with («nit lint mi end thee.e
United statt« and until mid forty thousand dnllaty si all be re
pu 1 tir satislitd to lite United-Si in s by the passage n! troops oi
frtigh! in «tilinte tmhints ot tn the m uiey eiteulatlnq medium
oí tht limit Mutes, i}]offi<us mtl iioups finding their own
piovitunns andheddlii'* shall lie tmrpotn t m ihi t'eat-iboats
Ir mi I inlkville to V w Orle in i down tin ttt trn foru.ii dolíais
i nil mil Irom New Otli ins to I iuimiIIi nr tht stieam for
tw my doll it  e it h m ill i ises ol sbiriu thstttiees eaclt
j ersonsti di tx tr uisp no ti t n one <t nt mule dnwn (hestltam
anl two eeu s t mile up tin sha i All ordninut nulitiry
stores mtl munuitns ol w ir in lon^m" to the United Mates
wlmlteinhi coi \evtd tn sietml) ,ax mil of which On captain
shall In thejulo sh iP be tiaispnrtii di wn the i-ttt im in m
1 illlsuPe t > Nt u Oil it it tin i (t of tint doP ir i er ton foi
one iMttithod mHts m up tl sin im a! tin meo! thiee dolhrs
i ton rie faeh hunill id milis In the í infido stt imboaton the
Oiiitu ver. oflicers and un il filiihinr tht n own piovimina tnd
Iietlthn/ shah beeonviyed down die river Irom Piusbuiir to
I luiewl! It r font doll usen il ot ti' the «trtamthl eime dts
nnci loieltjlt dullarseieh an i nihkeitop rtiona lo. shirtci
illKtanft s, military store* rnovibi ins an 1 monitions of war shall
lit ronv* >ed down the streim from i'lthhtng to Louisville for
hflv rente per hnodredwei-ht, ai 1 up the stti tm the e-itue dts
t nee lor titied'liar and fifty eenls the hut htdweis,ht and in
like propoitKins loi plinlei distantes mil if wnhm live vtus
run this date the said sum of loity th usind dolbi s sin In it
hrive been earned and compensan \ to the í.oveinment i t tin
I tilted Mates by the piu-st e of tioots ind tnrispoitof mini
tions orvvar as af ircMid, ihf whole o any dtfti leney ofsnl
if rty thoustntl dollars tititeausfii las aforesaid sh til lie ¡aid by
the said Robert Fulton, and the sttickholdtis in taul boats, to
ihe Government of the 1 nitetl fotatee
ROBERT ri 1,1 OS,
In t le 16th line of the 21 page the word ' earned," written on
an erasure
f>i0nul, pealed   and delivered ill preneDCS Of I    A   RlOAlL
wilresstoR Fulton'Bsignature
Sir, wc learn from the agreement that its date
was December 37, 1814, which was a short time
GLOBE.                    Mar. 1838.
—--------1———~——            .....................................',...........A
H. of Reps 
previous to the conclusion of the war; and that Mr,
Pulton received thereby forty thousand dollars.
There was no boat fitted up in compliance with the
contract but the Vesuvius, nor were any of the
conditions stipulated in consideration of the forty
thousand dollars advanced performed. I mean, by
the transportation of troops and munitions of war,
or, at most, there is no claim, or title to a claim,
for services rendered, presented, except an account
presented to an investigating committee by Mr.
Hagner, which no one will vouch to b# correct.
Nor was there one dollar of this money ever re-
turned to the United States, as it should have
been, according to the condition of the agreement
just read.
I have, sir, thus presented you with a view of ihe
benefits Mr. Fulton received for his invention, his
improvements, and his practical services to his
country, with the exception of his superintendence
of the construction of the steam frigate, which I
shall notice hereafter.
I will next exhibit the account upon which the
committee rely to make up the sum of $100,000,
which they report to be due to the heirs of Robert
Fulton:
Government of the United States tn account.      Dr.
1810. To money expended by Robert Ful-
ton, in  making experiments for
coast  and   harbor   defence,   by
means of torpedoes       -           -   $5,000
Services m making experiments in
the same            ...    5,000
1815. Damages for the detention of the
steamboat Vesuvius from 30th
December, 1814, to 12th March,
1815, at |G00 pei day    -           -   50,000
The  use of Mr. Fulton's patent
right for constructing steam fri-
gates     ....   60,000
Services as superintendent in build-
ing a steam frigate at New York  25,000
$145,000
Cr.
By cash advanced for making expe-
riments for coast and harbor de-
fence by torpedoes          -           - $5,000
By cash advanced on contract to fit
out hteamboats, as per contract  - 40,000
---------45,000
Balance due heirs of Robert Fulton    -    $100,000
Now, sir, speaking professionally, let us dissect
this account, and ascertain how tar each item will
stand the test of sciutiny
First, as to the five thousand dollars for whieh
Ihe United Statesis charged for money expended by
Mr Fulton in making experiments, etc Sir, this
small item must have emanated from the goodness
oí the hearls of the committee, for I defy them to
show the least word, or syllable of proof, of a
claim upon which to predicate it. On the contra-
ry, I deny that the whole of the five thousand dol-
lars, appropriated by the Government for this most
ridiculous and foolish experiment, was ever ex
pended by Mr Fulton for that purpose. I have
no disposition or wish to intimate that Mr. Fulton
used the money for any other purpose than that for
which it was appiopnated, but I ha\e charily
enough for him to think he had a sufficient quantuy
of the sum of saving-ki.owledge to take care of
hniiself, I am, therefore, willing to admit the ser-
vices rendered in attempting to bring the torpedoes
into the aid of our national defence as an offsat
against the five thousand dollars which the Go-
vernment advanced, and for the credit of the intel-
ligence of the United Sta'es Government I must
insist that here the compromise be made, and this
claim put at rest forever
Fifty thousand dollars damages for the use of the
steamboat Vesuvius, or for her detention fiom the
30th December, 1814, to 12th March, 1815, at six
hundred dollars per day'!'
Well, sir, let us examine this item, as well as the
circumstances attending it, and which, m the opi-
nion of the committee, gave rise to it. It ¡s al-
leged that General Jackson ordered the steamboat
Vesuvius into the service of the United States on
the day on which the battle of New Orleans took
