Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
25th Cong""2nd Sess.
Heirs of Bobei t Fulton—Mr Duncan.
H. of Reps.
place, or about that tune, perhaps a day or two be-
fore, and that while in the service of the Govern-
ment she was run aground, wnere she remained
from the 30th December until the 13th of March
following.
General Jackson has been called on, officially,
to state the facts in this affair as they occurred. In
his answer, he denies that he has any knowledge
of her ever being in the service of the Govern-
ment, and that it was rumored at the time that she
was run aground by order of the master, to pre-
vent her from tailing mto the hands of the enemy.
I know not how that might be, but I am inclined to
think that it the steamboat Vesuvius was of the
value ef six handred dollars per day to either the
company to which she belonged, or the United
States, m whose employ she was alleged to have
been pressed, General Jackson, who was ever
wide awake to the welfare of the country,
and every interest connected with his duty, would I
have known something tangible and definite about
these, services, particularly so, as she was pressed
into service by his order.
There is proof on record that the Vesuvius was
ordered to hold herse'f in readiness for service,
and to consider herself in the employ of the Go-
vernment But where is the proof that can be re-
lied on that she ever went into actual service1
But we will agree that she went into actual ser-
vice, may it not be true that she was run aground
to save her from being captured by the enemy, or,
if not done designedly, might it not have been the
result of carelessness'?
It seems to me, when so large a claim is made
as $50,000, (as in this case) there should be ample
proof m its support In thp first place, that the
steamboat Vesuvius was actually in the service of
the Government against whom the demand for
compensation was made, that she was run aground
while m such service, not designedly, and that it
was not the result of carelessness. All of these
positions  ould have to be proven in a court of
justice, before any damages could be, by any pos-
sibility, recovered, and the more so, as the officers
who commanded the boat while she is said to have
been m the use of Government were the same that
were in the pay of her or nets, and their malfea-
sance, misfeasance, or nonfeasance, was properly
at the risk of the owners, the Government being
responsible for noihing but a liberal compensation
for the use of the boa , and for all losses and da-
mages, either from war or unavoidable accidents.
There is no proof of this nature to be relied upon.
The committee havefuin>shed none, nor have they
any to furnish
Again, admitting that the Vesuvius was in the
service of the Government, and that in executing
the oiders given she was  run aground by accident,
is not six hundred dollars per diem a most extrava-
gant and unwarrantable charge. Six hundred dol-
lars! a day for the use of her the time  he was out
of tht powei of being used1 for the time she was
fast ashore' aground" Preposterous absurdity' for
it must be remembered that during all the time
charged she was no expense to her owners foi run-
ning, and various other necessaries Besides, they
were not at the expense of paying officers and
crew if the boat was actually aground They were
not furnishing her with wood and stores—there was
nothing out oí use, save the capital invested in the
construction of ihe boat and machinery,and which
1 hesitate not to aver did not cost f,20 000 And if
it be true, as I have been informed, that the Vesu-
vms «as no more nor ¡ess than a barge converted
into a steamhov, she was not north the estimate
mentioned Trpon this I do not place much reli-
mce, for it m<tv be erroneous, and a mistake
Putting her at the fullest value, the damages
which the committee ha/e reported to be allowed
for her detention will amount to four or five times
ner value in one year, and yet we are very gravely
told tnat her services to her owners'would have
proved fat more valuable than the estimate made
by the committee
I should consider that a very uncertain data to go
by. She was equally liable to run aground m the
use of her owners as she was in that of the United
States, and as liable to any and every other species
of accident that is common to steambpats    I will
conclude my objections to this item by stating that
with no other proof than we have for its support, a
court of justice would scout it out of its presence,
and impose a bill of costs upon him who introduced
it, and with the best proof of the facts that would
be necessary for its support, there is no court of
justice that would give a judgment for one-tenth
part of the amount claimed in this bill, so far as this
item goes.
The next item that presents itself to our attention
is the small sum of #60,000 for the use of Mr Ful-
ton's patent-right for constructing steam frigates
This is a very extraordinary proposition We have
had but one steam frigate, and, fiom the documents
on file in the Navy Department, it will appear to
have been rather a hard bargain for Uncle Sam
She cost the Government something like two or
three hundred thousand dollars. It was an experi-
ment not unlike the torpedoes' And I think Go-
vernment by this time has had enough of both. She
will about as soon engage again in the construction
of the one as the other. For the use of a patent-
right to build a steam fitgate, give $60,000' Sir,
there is no such ihmg in existence as a patent-right
for constructing steam frigates The duration of
the one granted has long since expired, the right has
ceased, and is at an end, and now reposes with the
United States steam frigate Fulton the first, that
was blown into atoms at Brooklyn a few years ago
as a thing that never was, and I hope in God never
will be again.
The next small item is the sum of $25,000' as
compensation for superintending the building of a
steam frigate at New York. These services con-
sis'ed i , meiely superintending, there was neither
sweat, toil, or money exp-ntied by Mr Fulton, the
natureof Mr Fulton's suprnutendenoeconsisted in
occasionally calling and giving «me general direc-
tions, and I am told that, from the time the first
foundation block was 1 ad for the sieam frigate in
question, until the tune she was launched, did not
exceed four months, when the necessity of Mr. Ful
ton's care and attention principally ceased It
would seem that $25,000 for four months' services,
or even ten times that time, is rather more than a
conscientious man can sustain by oath to be equi-
tably due.
Why, sir, a Western man enters his father's
fields, or the dense forests, at the age of twenty-
one years, and if, by hard toil, at the age of three-
score, he has laid up five or ten thousand dollars,
to secure him a home, and sustain him in the eve-
ning of his life without labor, he has done well, he
is íegarded by his neighbors and all who know him
as having been an industrious, saving, and econo-
mical man. This view of individual Western pros-
perity may, in general, be regarded as correct, yet
there are some exceptions, some fortunes Have been
made in the course of a few years of successful
trade, others have been made by the rise of land, as
the country, or some favored poitions thereof, have
become improved To tell a Western man that
that that is a fair equivalent for five months' super-
intendence in any capacity, which entitles the indi-
vidual to the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars,
is to tell him something you cannot make him un-
derstand, more paiticularly when he learns that the
money, or a piopor lonate part of it, must come
out of his own pocket, and be gart of the result of
his toil But, sir, Mr Fulton \ olunteered to ren-
der the serviee  here charged, and, however valua-
ble they may have been, this precludes us from ap-
propriating any money out of the Treasury for
them now, as he is no moie. Congress might have
more generously rewarded Mr Fu'ton for his vir-
tues, but certainly the spirit of our Government and
our institutions .s against rewarding the heu foi the
virtues of the ancestor The heir in our countty
loses all claim to Government rewiid at the de-
cease of his ancestor, cxrept it it be b) v rt e of a
contiact and a just con-- deiati n The i ast appro-
pnation made to Lafayette for his services in the
Revolnfionaiy war has been referred to in the
course of this discussion, and the affluent circum-
stances of his heirs were contrasted with the hunted
circumstances of the heirs of Fulton Congress do-
nated to Lafayette what they supposed his services
were really worth to the country during the Revo-
lutionary war    They paid him principal and inte-
rest, and I am not sure that he was paid a farthing
over and above what his services and his expenses
entitled him to The rewards of his toil and pa-
tuotism have descended to his children, and long
may they live toenjoy them. And, whenever it is made
apparent that the Government is indebted to the
heirs of Fulton for legal obligations not liquidated
with their ancestor, Congress will appropriate every
dollar that shall be found due; but on no other prin-
ciple has Congress the power to appropriate one
dollar
I thmk, Mr. Speaker, I have shown that there is
no foundation for any part of the f 100,000 re-
ported in the bill m question. Every item of which
the bill is composed, seems to me to be not only ex-
travagant in the extreme, but wholly unfounded.
Sir, I have no more doubt of the fact that Robert
Fulton died indebted to the Government to the
amount of $40,000, than that I am now addressing
you, viz- the whole sum advanced by the Govern-
ment for the purposes set out m the contract which
has been read, no part of the services having beea
performed, nor was one dollar of the money re-
turned to the Government, according to the condi-
tions of the contract, in the event of the services
not being performed But, to the end that th.s
groundless application may here have a termina-
tion, an t that a stop may forever be put to this dis-
pute, I will propose to the committee to withdraw
their claim. To use a western phrase, I, for one,
will agree to jump accounts with (he estate of Mr.
Fulton, and burn books, or, if it will satisfy the
committee better, I will agiee ihat, as the represen-
tatives of Fulton, they shall have credit for the sum
ol $20,000 of the money advanced by the Govern-
ment as an offset against the pretended detention
and damages of the Vesuvius, vv hich I suspect is
more than her value, when she was alleged to have
beed pressed into ihe service o* the Government. 1
will next agree that $25,000 shall go to the liquida-
tion of Mr Fulton's voluntary services for superin-
tending the construction of ihe steam frigate at New
York, which I trust will be satisfactory to the com-
mittee, this being the sum asked, and of the $40,000
advanced, we have left $5,000. This sum I am
willing shall go for the additional sum of that
amount asked for his services in the experiments of
torpedoes These propositions are undoubtedly
liberal to a fault. The committee surely can ask,
in justice or liberality, nothing more. This dis-
poses of all their claims, except the ridiculous sug-
gestion («ith due deference be it said) that the Go-
vet nmtrt purchase the patent right for construct-
ing steam fugates This, I hope, they will not
seuously insist upon, for the honor of the charac-
ter, reputation, and intelligence of the American
Government
Great efforts have been used in this discussion to
impress us with a knowledge or belief of the great
virtues of Mr Fulton, and the obligations we are
undei to reward his hens for these virtues Gen-
tlemen forget the republican maxnn tha* "my an-
cestors' virtues a e not mine." Every individual
m our Government, so fai as virtue is concerned,
stands upon his own footing and merits We have
no privileged orders here. The nature oí our Go-
v eminent, and all our free institutions, are against
tliun And it is that equality of rights that consti-
tutes a fiee Government It is as absolutely
indispensable that this maxim should be maintained
in its original simplicity and punty, to the support
o'f our free institutions and equal rights, as that the
laws of pnmogenituie in England should be main-
tained to the suopoi t of an aristocracy.
A word more as to the claim foi fiitj thojsand
dollars, this being t! e only item in ihe bill llu.
seems to have the least foundat'on in truth or ju1--
tic , and to name .l ¿s the grounus of a claim is
1 u  In ie sSort of an insult to the understanding
I n i'st be permuted to make a lemarl or Uvo more
in relation to it We will agree, for a moment, to
the rule which the fnends of this bill have insisted
upon as just to establish the value of the use of the
steamboat, viz the sum per day to make up the
aggregate amount of $,50,000 This sum per day
is $600 Will any man, disposed to thmk cor-
rectly on this claim, doubt for a moment that the
exclusive privilege of navigating all the waters
within the jurisdiction of New "Vork is not worth
