Mar. 1838.
25th Cong-"-2nd Sess.
pared them to "alligators, ready to snap off their
heads"—others to a "steamboat ready to burst her
boiler, and blow them to atoms"—and others to a
"Mississippi snag against which they might run to
theirown destruction."
All these comparisons are only significant of the
superior bravery, power, and chivalnc patri-
otism of those who defended New Orleans in her
beauty and booty, and their common country m
their national and blood-purchased rights But the
gentleman is willing, for the time being, to strip
them of all their laurels, and barter them off for the
paltry consideration of $1 00,000, (paltry, I say,
when compared with patriotism and love of coun-
try,) for the benefit of those whom it is not con-
tended have ever served their country I mean the
heirs of Mr. Fulton. The same gentleman asks
what consideration would induce us to give up the
use and power of steam as applied to boats? I ask,
what would induce us to give up the use of the
plough, the cottongm,the prmtmgpress>,and thefive
hundred or more other improvements that serve to
ameliorate our condition and dimmish our labor?
It is, sir, a sufficient answer to these questions to
ask, what obligations are we under to give them up,
or re-purchase them, when it is well known thai the
discoverers have long since received the last farth-
ing that was expressly or impliedly promised them
by the laws and the Constitution under whose pro-
tection they have enjoyed the benefits of their dis-
coveries Our Consfitution holds out inducements
to those who have an inventive genius, by securing
to them, for a limited time, the exclusive use or
benefit of their improvements, at the expnation of
which their improvements become the pioperty of
the public, in return for the security given to the
invention by the laws and the Constitution Now,
the advantages of the application of steam to all
kinds of machinery arc the property of the public,
and we are under no obligation either to give them
up, or to re-purchase them at ihe extravagant rate
of $ 100,000. All the arguments advanced in sup-
port of the appropnation are lawyer-like—they are
lapsided—they are like a jug, the handle is on one
side
The gentleman frcm New York [Mr. Hoffman]
gave us an eloquent and glowing description ot
the improvement' of our country. We are point-
ed to the craggy mountains that have been tra-
versed, the hordes of savages that have been sub-
dued, the forests that have been cleared, the wide
and fortne plains of the West that have been made
to teem with plenty and bloom m beauty, the
splendid canals that have been excavated, the
broad rivers that have been bridged, the magnificent
turnpike roads that link together this Union in hap-
py and inseparable bonds, and to the ocean that is
whitened with the canvass of your commerce , and
attributes all this to the agency, influence, and
power, of steam
The gentleman from South Carelma [Mr Le-
gare,] at one flourish of the rhetorical trumpet,
placed us on the tip top of the highest pinnacle of
the Alleghany mountains, and pointed us to the
broad rivers, rich valleys, splendid cities, flourish-
ing towns, and lovely villages, teeming with com
merce, agriculture, and wealth, and happiness, and
pronounces it all the work of steam and Mr Ful-
ton's discoveries But the gentleman from New
York [Mr. McClellan] goes a little farther, and
not only gives all the credit to the agency of steam,
and the inventions of Mr Fulton, given by the for-
mer gentleman, but represents tne West as havmg
been populated by steim Mr. D thought this
was going a little too iar.
[Here Mi. D. made some remarks in a low tone
of voice, to the amusement and diversion of those
around him, but which were not heard by the re-
porter ]
He was willing that gentlemen might indulge in
their figures of fancy and eulogy, so that the gieat-
er laws and designs of Nature wete not bioken m
upon, to the entire destiuction of the highest of hu-
man enjoyments But he thought gentlemen talked
about the West and her advancements with but
limited practical knowledge of bo'h. That the
improvements of steam machinery and steamboats
had done much foi the West, no one would deny ,
but the mountain* had been traversed, the savages
16
: TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Heirs of Robirt Fulton—Mr Burean.
had been tamed, the forests had been subdued,
cities had been erected, towns were flourishing,
commerce and agriculture were in prosperous pro-
gress, government, churches and manufactories
were established in the West, before ever a steam-
boat rode upon the broad bosom of the Western
waters Sir, the Western country has been made
by the toil and sweat of the pioneers and their
descendant , and not by steam. Steam has been
but an auxiliary to the industry of the West, and
the perseverance of the first settler* and their hardy
sons
Gentlemen seem to have a faculty of apply u g
the same argument to all purposes and objects
Sir, it is very convenient to have one argument
possessing such gum-elastic elasticity that t can b<-
stretched to cover all purposes and propositions that
are wished to be successful.
When at the extra «ession the famous Sub-Trea-
sury bill was under discussion, two of these gen-
tlemen [Mr Hoffman and Mr Leg4re ] presenf-
ed us, in their eloquent and captivating ppec1-?',
made to defeat that bill, with ihe same sx" "r^"- s
they now use to sustain the claim of $100,0 I'1 in
favor of the heirs of Fulton Then bank- and be
credit system made the We>'ra conn rv v id pir-
duced all the vest improvenun s mo v de- n „,
which give power and happiness to this peon e at
home, and character and repi ta^c n pbrrpd, 'ut
now this mag c and these wonders are product' by
steam
The Sub-Treasury bill vv ill oe before us m i fe *-
days, what will gentlemen do for arguments a<" tlsf
it? Thev have "¡tripped the banks and fh" rrer'ii
sv stem of all the honor and power that di  r <tl
leged to have pioduced tin, happy and lomishira
prospentv peculiar to our countrj, and hd^e b'-
stowed them upon the stenm s}   em
I suppose, when the Sub-Trea"=i.rv ' 11 cones
up, gentlemen will un,te the g ones and tne bene-
fits of the banking system with the power cf * ea^i,
and its national utility, to prostrate the Dill P v-
erful agents, to be sure. Should gentlemen use
this coalition, I will ask them, respectfully, lo
unite one other agency—it will be at least due to
the hard-handed mechanic and agriculturist of the
West. 1 mean the united agency of toil an 1
sweat They vv ill then have a triplicate argu-
ment, and if the latter will be found not
quUe *o convenient for banking purposes,
or to prostrate the Sub-Treasury scheme, thev
will at least, have the conscientious rellec-
tion that they w ill hav e presented the trus
and just clause of Western wealth and Wet. em
prospentv When the gentlemen were r,"s nj
praises to the banks, and setting fort  ir i vvug
terms the prosperity, happiness, and wentm tiev
secured to the country, thev neglected to te" a- cf
the hundreds of fortunes that w ere divina e<? the
thousands of honest and lndu-tru u- mdi tduiN
that vv ere reduced to squalid wieichedness, the pe-
riodical pecuniary calamities that rolled ov er the
country like i pestilence, sweeping and blast ng
eveiy public and private prtwpenty belore them,
and prostrating eveiy moial anl social pnpcip'e
with the general wreck, thnt distinguishes the nob'e
nature of man1 I say, that Ihey neglected to teli
us of these baleful eftecis, which are pei iodic1 h
the natural and inevitable lesuits of the Ian! ng
system And now, when thev have chai aed the
venue, when they sing with the other si le oí '' eu
face a different tune, and shout hosar-nnhs o 'he
powei of steam, steamboats, and the inventions Í
Fulton—all that is noble, happy, glorn u-. in g i fi-
cent, and arand is exclusively attnbuted to sienm
and its poweis for the piesen , to the tntiu e\c t -
sion of banks and the whole citdit sweu—the}
fail to give us the whole his on thev nesri"ct to
name to us the fact that scarcely a p il he new spa
per crosses our observation vv hotit present ng us
the account ot some awful and meiancholy 'ttam-
boat explosion, they neglect to tell us ot the tens ot
thousands of human lives Ihat have b enlost, and
the millions of dolíais worth of propertv tint
have been sunk te the bottom of every nav isab e
stream ,n the United States, by the agencj o!
steam. No, sir, these disclosurts vv ould i ot an-
swer their purposes in neither one case nor the
GLOBfi.                               541
H. of Reps.
¡I other—but, iawyer like, they are kepi on the dark
I  and silent side
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Biddus]
asks us, in substance, if we can unfeelingly lodk
upon the heirs of Lafayette, basking in the luxury
of the saloons of Paris, while the heirs and de-
| scendants of our own native Fulton are pining ut
poverty and want'   S.r, I  will not now stop to
I  compare the relative services of Lafayette and Ro-
I    bert Fulton.    It will answer my purpose  for the
||  present to say  Ihat had the gallant young stranger
II   not left   the   blushing vine hills   of  his  native
1,  France, the fortunes and  the palaces that owned
I    him for t^eir lord and master, the kings that ac-
II   knov/iedged him for their youthful associate, and
the wife of his bosom,  "lo crusade for  freedom,"
i the soil upon which stands your Capitol, in which
w e are no«v deliberating in the capacity of repre-
j rentaLves of millions of freemen, might now be
under British colonial government, and we, with
t''Ose we represent, the indirect subjects of his Bn-
tann c Majestj, and the political vas«als of English
an-4 crac}
Bj by does the gentleman take us to the ss-
'oin-o P?ns udspl? the luvunes of wealth, or
ml) ihe Fuiioi family to cm' it the tfiects of po-
* er _> <n' \\z*\\i Do vie net «e arounlus hun-
dredse.ert day who are bas,ng la ¡he sunshine
o/ ail <ence, who never sweat for the salt they con-
| sume, and, as far as industry and patnotism are
concerned, are drones upon society,  while hun-
' dreas and thousands of the widows and orphans ot
the solders of the Revolution, by whose blood,
propertv anct toil v our countrj was emancipated,
are pmmg in v ant and pc eny? It the gent'eman
has a piofuN on rf tears, sighs, and sympathy, he
can pour then? foUh on he poor an i ^ndisreni or-
pnans of thc^e heroic and bra' e men ' «ho lighted
he beacon of r<.be"ion, that unfmled by i's olaze
íe tru i ■>pl,Ti i ' ?vmer i. n dpi t) " They are sub-
jPc s woi ii ot his svmpatnv, and d>d our Consti-
tution ? n it of s\rnpaths'ic bojiit,, and h?d our
N?t on?1 Ireasurv licit tie- lo warrant appropria-
tions coonnensume with their wants and necess,
i   tie-, vre would all unite in raising them mto com-
i   fort and even affluence, but the Constitution gives
i  us no such power, nor have we the means, hid we
j   the constitutional power.
|      Mr Speaker, it would be unpardonable in me
ij  to have occupied jour tune and the time of the
11  Hou«e for the length of time I have, if I had no
I  other object in viev*  thsn th- abstract purpose of
i defeitng the bill appropriating §100,000 for the
.e jcí cf the heirs of Robert Fulton, howev-ei desti-
' to c of j istice an 1 unwa-rantable that appropria-
t on rij Le Bat, sir, it is due to myself to
-a) it is the prmcip'e I am contending against.
Tr>e fi^nc al interest of our countrj forms one of
t^e gieatovt inter-sts It k, indeed, in a legisla-
tive sense, emphatically the great i itetest It con-
st tutes one of the first and hiahe-t ibpetsofoir
legiMilun It involves principies and effects di-
rectly concerned and immediately m crwoven with
il life, liberty property, and th° pursuit of happiness ;
ani upon its judicious management, n may say,
I n i great degree depend the happiness of the
people and the p^rpe' ntv of th  Government
Eq'ta'M) of nchts, equality et property, and
en.ua1 H of liberty, are fmdamenta! principles of
I o ir free Govcrnnunt, and wa'ch-vvords with the
sentinels placed t the free suffrages of the people
upon the srea* cons .tuoonal ramparts erected b/
tbt blood of our ancestors to seciue u« in all time
io ci ne 11 om civil and po'iUcal eniov neuts, and
m iv e ft iciul possession o. atr r t ,w
I ask, it we are in the habit, as becomes ihe
g it aa-. or the peopVs r sji -, of obsemng With
tr">t n eel) a.nd scrupah tls , o lance the financial
s er sis of the Go  iMp^nt t r, m other words, the
w teciKii and cconmiitu uis r bution ol the peo-
p -=\ i\ i"\'
Visi'anc, s'eenebs \ gilnuce, ¡s nt;ces>ar> onoui
pi"ts We p.e beset ateien coiner, and m ever/
| s reet and alley, vvah loakrs, agents, and seventh-
ra'e cou ily court lavvyer« Every app ica'.t itr re-
lief who attends the Capitol, has his ten agents to
importune you, and every agent has hrs i°n el'ims
1   t > present, and every claim amounts te fom 10 000
il to blOo 000     Ever} sjuipaihet c fe^lu «mi ^i\
