Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2tó
25th Cong--"2N  Sess.
Making public officers depositaries—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate-
cated to Fortune1? But my friend from Virginia, if
ha will allow me to call him so, cannot mean what
he said. It was a hasty expression. It would do
dishonor to the great men of that Mother of States
which he represents upon this floor with so much
ability and fidelity.
But the last and boldest attack (said Mr. H.)
against the claims of Mr. Fulton upon the grati-
tude and upon the justice of the country had been
made by the member from Ohio, [Mr. Duncan.]
He had attempted to show by documents, and to
prove by labored arguments, that Robert Fulton
was not the inventor of steam navigation. To
some parts of that speech Mr. H. said he should
not refer. He had been delighted with the refresh-
ing and unusual sight of the merging of political
and party feeling in that of justice and gratitude to
a public benefactor, during the discussion of this
question. In that hall, too often made the gladia-
torial arena in which political contests were waged
with violence and warmth, it was indeed refresh-
ing to wimess, upon a question like that under con-
sideration, the walls of party petition for a season
prostrated: and he should make no references,
therefore, to that part,of the gentleman's remarks
which would tend to erect that wall anew upon the
present occasion.
[Mr. Duncan here rose, and disclaimed the in-
tention of giving a party character to his remarks.]
Mr. Hoffman said that he certainly did not in-
tend to do injustice to the gentleman from Ohio.
He did not mean to aver that that gentleman had in-
tended to make this a question for the action of par-
ty against party. But he (Mr. D.) had alluded to
what had been formerly said upon the Sub-Treasu-
ry scheme, that it was the banks to which the West
owed its prosperity; and that now it was said that it
was to steam, &c. Now Mr. H. had not opposed
the Sub-Treasury scheme because it was opposed to
banks, but because it tended to destroy a well-regu-
lated credit system, the successful operation of
which had made the West what it is. Mr. H. be-
lieved and knew, as well as the, gentleman from
Ohio, that it was the woodman's axe that cleared
the way in the western wilds for the foundation of
those fair cities that now showed so beautifully up-
on the banks of those rivers; but he also knew that
it was credit—credit, which had nerved the. arm of
the woodman—credit, without which that enterpris-
ing people would have lacked the facilities which
were requisite to make their hardy toil effective and
triumphant over the obstacles it had to encounter.
But the House and the world were told that Ful-
ton was not the inventor of steam navigation.
This [said Mr. Hoffman] is no new idea. It had
often rang through the different countries of Europe,
and had been frequently ushered forth to the world
by men jealous of the laurels of their own country
in the peaceful walks of science and literature.
But he had never before heard, and, indeed, had
never expected to hear, especially in the hails of
Congress, a repetition and admission of the truth of
such an assertion, from the lips of an American
citizen! Go to the western waters; tell the people
of that country that not to Fulton, but to a foreigner,
was due the renown of having been the first sue
cessfully to apply the power of steam to naviga-
tion, and see how such an assertion will be re-
ceived by the constituents of the gentleman himself!
Sir, it is not to be wondered at that such emulation
exists among nations, in the assertion of a claim to
such a source of national glory. Seven cities con-
tended for the fame of Homer's birth; and it should
excite no surprise that other nations should seek to
place within their own borders the fountain from
which such bountiful streams have flowed, to
enrich and civilize the world. England tells
the world that it is to a Scotchman that the
honor of this discovery is due; and that it was
the Clyde and the Thames that first witnessed
the triumphant success of this wonderful invention.
France, through her National Institute, declares
that the Seine first witnessed this triumph nf the ga-
nius of man over the conflicting winds and waves.
And even Spain, degraded and enslaved Spain,
roused by the voice of emulation, has looked forth
from her cloistered halls of superstition, and has
raised her head from her blood-stained fields of
civil war, and declared that in the age of Charles,
in the presence of her Court and nobles, this expe-
riment was successfully tried! But America,
proudly seated upon the enduring monument which
Robert Fulton has reared, laughs to scorn the
claims of rivals, and looks down serenely upon
these billows of strife, which break at the base of
her noble throne. And yet we, her Representa-
tives, who should gnard her honor, strive to tear
her from her seat of dignity and pride, or else
meanly stoop to calculate the value of each parti-
cular item, before -we will compensate and reward
the glorious architect by whom that monument of
individual fame and national glory was reared.
The former report, to which gentlemen have al-
luded, in favor of the claimants, as being in full
satisfaction of this claim, was made, the House
must know, when the heirs of Fulton were desti-
tute and in suffering. They had come to this House,
and knocked gently at your door: they told you, we
are the orphan children of him who ha"? honored
you—we are poor and destitute in the land which
our father's genius has enriched. And, in the
pathetic language of Lear, they asked " that you
would vouchsafe to them raiment, bed, and food."
At that time $5.000 was awarded, and they were
referred to the future legislation of Congress for
further relief.
Mr. H. would beseech that Hon --e not to .?en 1
them again away, without satisfac<ion. A recom-
mitmentof thebill wouldworkits total defeat at this
session of Congress. Let it then be sent to the
Senate, where it will meet with a cool and careful
discussion; and let the gentleman from Ohio lay his
griefs and his arguments before his friend, the Se-
nator from that State, who will of course act upon
it as he thinks best. But, if it now be reconsider-
ed, its fate was certain: it can never be called up.
It must die a lingering death upon the Speaker's
table—a fate from which I again implore 'his
House to save these interesting petitioner^. He
trusted that the motion to reconsider would nr't pre-
vail.
SPEECH OF MR. CALHOUN,
Ot South Carolina,
In Senate, March 22, 1838.—In reply to Mr. Web-
ster, on the bill to separate the  Government
from banks.
Mr. President: After having addressed the Se-
nate twice, I would owe an apology, under ordi-
nary circumstances, for again intruding myself on
its patience. But,^after what fell from the Senator
from Massachusetts, nearest to me, [Mr. Wee-
ster] the other day, the greater pan of which was
not only directed against my arguments, but at me
personally, I feel that my silence, and not my no-
tice of his remarks, would require an apology.
And yet, notwithstanding I am thus constrained
again to address the Senate, 1 fear m will not be
impossible to avoid exciting some impatience, fa-
tigued and exhausted as it must be by so long a
discussion; to prevent which, as far as practicable,
I shall aim at as much brevity as possible, consis-
tently with justice to myself and the side I support.
The Senator's speech was long and multifarious,
consisting of many parts, which had little or no
connection with the question under consideration.
For the sake of brevity and distinctness, I propose
to consider it under four heads. First, his prelimi-
nary course, which treated at large of credits and
banks, with very little reference to the subject.
Next, his arguments on the question, at issue; and
that to be followed by his reph to my arguments at
this and the extra session; and, finally, his conclu-
sion, which was appropriated wholly to persona!
remarks, and a comparison between his and my
public course, without having the sbsrhtest re\,tivii
either to the subject or any thing 1 had sad m the
debate, but which the Senator obviously considered
as the most important portion of his speech. He
devoted one day almost wholly to it, and delivered
himself with an earnestness and vehemence which
clearly manifested the importance which he at-
tached to it. I shall, as in duty bound, pay my re-
spects first to that, which so manifestly occupied
the highest place in his estimation, though standing
at the bottom in the order of his remarks.
The  Senator  opened this portion of his speech
with much courtesy, aasompanied by many re-
marks of respect and regard, which I understood to
be an intimation that he desired the attack he was
about to make to be attributed to political, and not
personal motives. I accept the intimation, and
shall meet him in the sense he intended. Indeed,
there never has beeB, between the Senator and
myself, the least personal difference, nor has a
word, having a personal bearing, ever passed be-
tween us in debate, prior to the present occasion,
within my recollection, during the long period we
have been in public life, except on the discussion of
the force bill and proclamation, which, considering
how often we have stood opposed on deep and
exciting, questions, may be regarded as not a little
remarkable. But our political relations have not
been on as good a footing as our personal. He
seems to think that we had harmonized not badly
till 1824, when, according to his version, I became
too sectional for him to act any longer with me;
but which I shall hereafter show originated in a
very different cause. My impression, I must say,
is different, very different, from that of the Senator.
From the commencement of our public life to the
present time, we have differed on almost ail ques-
tions involving the principles of Government and
its permanent policy, with the exception of a short
interval, while I was in the War Department,
when the Senator agreed with the South on the pro-
tective system and some other measures. I do not
consider our casual concert, during the last few
years of the late Administration, when we were
both opposed to the Executive power, as constituting
an exception. It was understood that we both ad-
hered to our principles and views of policy without
the least surrender, and our personal relations were
formal and cold, during the whole period. In fact,
we moved in entirely different spheres. We dif-
fered in relation to the origin and character of the
Government, the principles on which it rested, and
the policy it ought to pursue; and I could not at all
sympathize with the grave and deep tone with
which the Senator pronounced our final separation,
as he was pleased to call it, and which, in my
opinion, would have been much more appropriate
to the separation of those who had been long and
intimately united in the support of the same princi-
ples and policy, than to the slight and casual rela-
tions, personal and political, which had existed be-
tween us.
Setting, then, aside all personal motives, I may
well ask, what political grief, what keen disap-
pointment is it, which at this time could induce
him to make the attack he has on me, and, I might
add, the manner in which he made it? The
Senator himself shall answer the question. He
has unfolded the cause of his grief, and pointed
to the source of his disappointment. He told us
that "victory was within reach, and my co-ope-
ration only was wanted to prostrate forever those
in power." These few words are a volume. They
disclose ail. Yes, victory was within reach, the
arm outstretched, ¡he hand expanded to seizg it,
and I would not co-operate. Hence the grief,
hence the keen disappointment, and hence
the waters of bitterness that have rolled their
billows against me. And what a victory! Not
simply the going out of one party and the coming
in of another; not merely the expulsion of the Ad-
ministration, and the induction of the Opposition,
but a great political revolution, carrying with it
the fundamental principles of the Government
and a permanent change of policy. It would have
brought in, not onlv the Senator and his party,
but their po'itical creed, as announced by him in
the discu.s-.ion on the proclamation and force bill,
with which he now taunts those in power—a fact
to be noted and remembered. He, the champion
of those measures, against whom I contended foot
to foot for «tie entiie session, now casts up to me,
ihat in refusing to co-opeiate with him, I protect
the party in power, not a small portion of whom, I
have good reason to believe, were drawn by the ad-
verse current of the times reluctantly from their
own principles to the support of those measure',
and with it the Senator and his principles. Yes, i
repeat, it would have brought in the Senator and
his consolidation doctrines, which regard thi - Go-
vernment as one great national republic, with ti<5
