Mar. 1838.
25iu Cong — 2nd ÍSzbs.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
Making public officers deposita -ien—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
granted, nor was its exercise necessary to carry
any granted power into effect, and concluded, that I
the power could not be exercised unless compre- j
hended under one or the other head.    To winch I
added the further objection, that if we bad the right
to reccve the notes of State banks in our dues as I
cash,  it would necessarily involve  the right oí
taking them under our own control and regulation, I
when  woull br ng th's Government neces-anly '
into conflict with tne reserved rig'.ts oí the H a e--,
and to th s 1 added, t'iat the receipt ol bank note-' bv
the Government 'ended  to evpel gold and \i r
from circulation, and depiecute ?nd rend^i ihui  ,
value mire fluc,ua"ng, and, of course, cou'd net J
bs reconciled with tV object of the expíe*-, power
given WCongres, to coin rnonev, and regulate the
value thereof, to which it n as reousnant m its t
effects, as the debasing or the clipping the cm rent
om would be     I, at the same time, conceded that i
the piactice of the Government haa been (he oppo-
site frnm its commencement.   Huch are my rea- ¡
sons, and how have ihey been rret?
The Senator commenced bv stating that he would j
considet (he two objection-, tog-thcr, as they weie l
connected, but, mstead of that, he never uttered I
snother word in r<= iatioh to the right of making a t
general deposite That was surrendpred withcut a" .
attempt to meet my objections, whiohat least proved
his discretion. Hertextundertooktosho,? that prece-
dents \mc m favor of reserving bank notes, which ¡
I  had conceded,  and no  one  disputed.    Amo-g
o ber tNrg-, he s a ed, I w(1s the frst lo authonz* '
the receiving of bank notes by (l v, a.nd, m proof, i
refpfed to my amendment to the joint resolution
<3f 1slf> which a«lrori es the i^cipt of he notes
of speci - p >-\ i lg uiti'is in u e ''uec r,t thp Govern-
ineit Ht-Mt 1, h->t the reso'ut-c <, as ptorosed
ty himself, prov '■• Í th. t notri' ¡> cut g >ld -nd sil-
\er anc ihe íiottS'-f «he J'i'itcd States bank should
be received, and that my amendment extended it
II  the notes of State bank..   This is all true, but I
is not the whole tiu'h     He  forgot to mforrft the j
Senate that, at the  time, the notes ol non-specie .
pajmgbaiks, as v ell as spec e-paying,  were re- '
peiUd m the oue   < f ÚV Government, and that my '
-ner-dmerl I n • 1  m- ead < f eniar<r>ng, the pxi-t- '
iug p.aaiec     xie a -.o nigi*     -ui- tv i*  v do nit
ni)   <>roer ' n<M',    I     i.its °' !' •'  Up ltd  Stn'e*
Bank wou'd h?i    up-) txi'ih   i'v  itccntu in the
pa11 c t'  f-     n'   'n  t I i\ ■ -  inw'  n=  i  be-i   \   a
•aoncpo'y oi  'U U  imnei-    \„ le i n t < it j otuj-
uon, which vvou'd hai; beep vonh ten 'imcs the |
amoi nt of the bonus it gave for it- onartei               |
Afiei  bestowing  much  tine  to establish what j
none dcn.ed, the Senafoi  at "ength came to fie ar- I
gument, and what i o \ou suppose   weie the  con-
"ti(.in¿  reasons  he urged  against  my  posi'ions'
Why, simp!) tint he hid "" lime to reply to them'
\wth which, ?r-d ibe erroneous a -ertion that I h°d
den ed that  th*   G> ernmtnt  coa'd exercise any
mcidentVi  povi  , h*  pished i vei all the-weightv
object on- i badurgf J again->t i' - <onsi tu'n aht<
of recciv irg an 1 Heating bink nt 'e- as ca-h in the
publ o dues     I'   wastius  ie .net the  onlv aicu-
ment ho   attempted  to  an-,vei  oi the  mail)   and
strong onss wlrcl Ihaie urged m supp rt of m    !
opinion o.i tm- important q-ipstion,  amltowbch
he piopo^ed to make a foimal reph'                        |
I shall next notice the leply he attempted to mv  I
lamirks at Ihe lat" session     And heie,  esim, he
■>e'"cted a s ngle   argument, and to  vhich h s an-  '
•-wer-iasnot  le^s inconclusive and unsatisfactory  I
than to th^t which I have just loosidered    \mong |
othei objec ions to the union   ol  the  Government  |
with the banks, T stated that it would tend to cen-
tralize tne circulat on and exchanges of the coun-
try, to sustain wmeh, I  -bowed that no small por-
tion of the credit <aid circulal'on of the banks de-
pended on th° pnb'tc deposites, and  the fact that
the Goieriment lecetved an i treated tneir notes a
cash m it-due--     I tin a  showed   that it was that
nort'on tuiich pie eininen'lj gave a control over
the citi'ibt'oi  <>nd exchanges oí  the cntnirv.    In
illustration, I asked if t> e Government, when it
first went into < peiation, had  selected a merchant
of Xitt  Yoik-,  an 1 entered-nto a  contract with
h in ll.at he shon'd have the free use of the public
revenue from the tmie it was collected till it was
disbursed, and that nothing but his piomissoiv
notes, except gold and silver, should be received
in the public dues, whether it would not give him
a great and decided control over the circulation and
exchanges of the country, accompanied with ad-
vantages to the port where he resided over all
other-.? 1 next asked whether the location ot a
Bank of the United States at the same place,  i!h
the ame privileges, wou'd not give equal control
and advantages? Nay, much greater: as, in addi-
¡io., it wou'd concentrate at the same place an
immense amount of capital collected from every
portiuii of the country.
Such was my argument, which the Sena'oi,
rvn hs after it was dehveied, undertakes to cot-
ttovtrt; but, I must say, for my life, I could not
understand h s reasons. He lost his usual tkar-
n°ss, and became vague and obscure, as any one
i u41 hho attempts to refute what is so perfectly
evident. To escape from his difficulty, he, with
his usual address, confounded what I had said on
anoth'r iubject, with another point, which he
thought more easily answered, and against which
he directed hi* a'tack He stated that I ■¡¡fopoted a
Goveitmant paper, and 'hat my notion is, that all
the paper that circulates s-hould be Government pa-
per, and then insisted that it would be the anion of
the political and money power, and would do more
to centralize the currency" and exchanges than the
connection of the Government with the banks.
Now, unfortunately for the Senator, I proposed
■ o --uch thmg, and expressed no notion of the
r nd,nor an/ >hmg like it He may search every
pet ch I have delivered at this and the extra ses
si i, and he can find nothing to justify his asser-
tion To put this b yond all dispute, I vvi'l qnote
what I did say, and the only thipg that I ever dia
Müt corld afford him even a pretext ioi his asser-
tion- The extracts ¿re taken tiom my remaiksat
lie extta ses-ion.
1 mend to ¿jTOpo* nothing It v.ou[J oa imponible ^iiti
* *._, ^f a weigh! of opposition to pas« anv measiire without
h- euio st i-p^rc ot the Adffi iiatra'ion aid if it were i
uu_ht not to be a.teinpied w!i -n so much mu-t depevd on the
n-o to ut txecution The beet measjre thatcouH be devised
mi Jit fill, and impose a heavy ret.poisibili'j'OT ut author, un
Ie-- if iikl with hearty approbation of tho^e who are it? e-cecute
ti I üi&mntenxl fiiei el>j to thioic out suggestions, M> order
to oxcitp the it-flection  of others,3 &.C
' ii levins that theiomght bea^ourdand safe paper cur
i          t i tided on tile credit of the Gover meitt exclubueiv, I
•v t   ] .l-oiisthat tho e TVhoare íe-ponsibte andhave hepow
Ju M haw availed t1- m-e'iftb of the opportum > of the
oi i y ilrjiut m the trf^a j and the postpor en «nt ol
lit- l*sui Í in-iiil lei t >n --nded to be d<=posned with ihe States
to u l iem as the means & if idmg A circutatlon/w trie
pr^piit idwf of the tountiy ai ' *he banks daring the pui
/Cn   a ^ijie alms' tlinii hotn the Goiemvieul," ófc
Here ,snut a word about proposing, on the
contiaf),T expressly ^tated, I propose nothing,
that I but thiew ojf saggestions fox reflection. In-
stead ot excluding alt p?perfron circulation I
5U ;e-tcd the use, (not d T^ea-ar} i otes, as he
sla'«-d, tr anv other pape- d n'aming a promise to
pay mo irt„) but simplv cne wheh should contam
a proiii 3  to be reccxed m ' ie die- of the Go-
-ininent ami that,'c \ o i\ io th  fxtent neces-
- v to nevt the tempo-ii< defivu oí *be Treasury,
, ot4 l   ille\iate the prices* ot separating from the
■• k and this he ha- arl" iaiil> construed and
i u i  r* d to suit hi- puipe-e .n the -oanner I have
s  ^v i '
1, is a great misfortune that there should be
brought into this chamber the habits contracted at
thi bar, where advocates contend £ir victoiy, with-
out Lemg scrupulous about the mean*, while here
the onlv object ought to be truth and the good of
the country All other considerations ought to be
iuigo ten "within these walls, and 'he only struggle
oujht tn be to ascertain what is true and calculated
to "promote the honor ard happiness of the com-
munity Great individual injustice is done bv such
misstatements of arsumen's. The Senator's speech
will be published, and circulated m quartets where
my correction of his statements w iK never reach,
and thousands will attnbo'e opinions to ine that I
ntvei uttered nor entertained
The suggestions which be has so perverted have
been a favorite topic of attack on the part of the Se-
nator, but he has n ver ^ et slated nor met w hat I
leahv said truly and iatrlv, and, aiter his man)
and unsuccessful attempt- to show what I sng-
¿ -ifd to be eironeotii, I now undertake io afliim
positnely, and without the least feat that I can be
ansv, eted, what heietotore I have but suggested.
that a paper issued by Government, with ttic sim-
ple promise to receive it m all its does, leaving its
creditors to take it or gold and silver at their opnon,
would, to the extent that it would rarcaíaíe, forji a
perfect paper circulation,which cobIí not be abused
by the Government, that would be as steady and
uniform in value as the metals themselves; and that
if, by possibility, it should depreeiate, uVd^i&fc wou'd
fall, not on the people, but on the Goveftitiient itseh;
for the only efiéct of depreciation would* oe virtually
to reduce the taxes, to prevent which, the interest of
the Government would be a sufficient guaranty. I
shall not go into the discussion now; but, on a
suitable occasion, I shall be able to make good
every word I have uttered. I would be able to Ho
more: to prove that it is within the constitutional
power of Congress to use such a paper m the ma-
nagement of its finances, according to the most
rigid rule of construing the Constitution; and that
those at least, who think that Congress can autho-
rize the notes of private State corporations to be re-
ceived m the public dues, are estopped from deny-
ing its right to receive it* own paper. If it can vir-
tually endorse by law on the notes of specie-paying
banks, " receivable in payment of the public dues,"
it surely can order the same words to be written on
a blank piece of paper.
Such is the character of the paper I suggested
and which the Senator says would do more to cen-
tralize the circulation and exchanges than the union
of the Government and the banks, whish, how-
ever, he signally failed to prove. That it would
have a greater tendency than the exclusive receipt
in its dues of gold and silver, I readily acknowledge,
and to that extent I think it objectionable, for I do
not agree with the Senator that there should be
some one great emporium, which should ha%e
contro' of the commerce, currency, and exchanges
of the Union. I hold it desirable in neither a po-
litical nor commercial point of view, and to be con-
trary to the genius oí our institutions and the spirit
of the Constitution, which expressly prov de-,
among other things, that no preterence should be
given to the ports of one State over another. But
that a receivable paper, suchas I sti2s sted, wou'd
have a greater, or as great tendency to centralize
the commerce and currency of the countrj as the
union with the banks, I ntterl} deny; and, it I
had no other reason, the vehement opposition of
the Senator, who approves ol such tendency, would
be conclusive; but there others that are deci-
sive.
The centralizing tendency of such a paper
would íesult exolusuety from the faculty it
would afford to remittance Irom distant portions
of the Union, in which respect it would >tand just
on a par -with bank notes when received in the
dues oí the public, while the Utter would, m addi-
tion, give to the favored port, where tSe mo her
bank might be located, (or the head of the league
ol State banks,) the immense profits irom the use
of tne public deposites, and the still greater !rom
having their notes received m Government dues.
The two united would afford unbounded faciht.es
m the payment of custom-house bonds, and give
millions of profit annually,denvedexc.ui>ively iiom
the use oi Government credit. This great lac lny
and -vast increase of profit would give a great and
decided advantage to the commerce of the section
where the head of the system might be located, a¡ d
which, in a great measure, accounts for the decay
oí the commerce oí ¡he South, where there « eie no
bank-, when this Government was established, pud
wmeh, ot course, gave to the other iettion e>Uu-
sliely all the benefit derived irom the couneUion-
It specifc had from the first been etrlusiveij re.
ceived m the public dues, the pre--n comme.cial
inequality would nevtr have existed, and I tuaf
add, it nevei will tease till we return to the con-
stitutional cm rent v Wbai ti.e Senator has said
a- to the union ot the political and money powe -,
and the tendencv to extravagance from the use oi
Treasur) note- and tr.eir depreuatton is so e'early
inapplicable to the description of paper I sugge-te i,
that t do not deem it necpstary to wa-te «ends in
reply to it
Having now repelled hi- itpi to my rer > i\ a'
üus and the extra Ie s«oi), Í shall ne a piixeed to
notice his argument on the question  undo  discus.
