272
25th ConG">-2nd Sess.
contractors, without apparently diminishing the
main stock The com crop of last year was,
very good, producing a surplus of about fifty
thousand bushels, a large quantity of which was
furnished to the garrison at Port Towson. The
quantity raised this year will greatly exceed for-
mer years, ss the people have enlarged their farms,
and turned their attention to farming, with much
gi eater care and industry." Of the Sénecas and
Shawnees, he says: "They cultivate the soil and
raise stock, they make corn, oats, wheat, rye, and
garden vegatables; no tribe own more hoises, cattle,
and hogs, than those people, in proportion to (heir
number."
These fac's, it seems to me, should silen'e the
statements so frequently made, that the Indian
territory was a sterile country, not suitable to be-
come the habitation of a highly cultivated civil
community, and it proves another fact, very im-
po tant, and I state it with great pleasure, that
here is a proof positive, ihat the abong net. rf
this continent a e competent to support lhemselve>
by cultivating the soil, and pursuing any or all of
the arts of civilized man.
The more judicious and well informed Indians,
who reside in this Territory, from the nature of
their relation to the United Slates, will not be lia-
ble to unkind feelings, or hostile intentions towaid
our citizens Then interest and outs, from the
natuie of their pursuits, will become assimilated
But there ate inconsiderate outlaws to be found in
all cojntnes, and especially among the In< lans,
who, through foreign emmisanes, have excited
jealousy and distrust, which have pioved injurious,
both to t e Indians and to ourselves; and I know
of no place so well guarded as this Territory is
fiom the approach of foreign emisanes.
Look upon the map of the United Slates em-
bracing out uninhabited teintory westward, and it
will be percerel that they could not be so «ell
Mtuated, in reference to this matter, in any other
place. Far removed from the Br tish possesions
on the north, still farther from the ocean on the
east; and, moreover, immediately on their west is
the uninhabitable region of 400 or 500 miles; and
on the southwest is a country of so much prairie
as to form a barr er against an impropei foreign
intercourse from that quartei
Here the Indians ar' to bo placed, not *o rom
pactly as to produce collisions among themselves,
and yet sa much o as that the whole will 1 e undei
the e>e of our Government, the slightest expres-
sion of unkind feeling toward the c ti/ens of the
United States wou'd be perceived, and cou'd be
nipped in the bud It is because ¡he Indians have
had an opportunity of devising mischief in the ob-
scure recesses of the wilderness, and because there
were fastnesses there to which they could send
their women and children, and m case of emergency
to which their warriors could letreat, that they
have at various times had the temerity to make
war upon our frontier. Here they would adjoin
no such sec u 'ed places, m which to hatch misehief,
and no such fastne ses m which they could evade
a speedy retribution of their offenc s.
The bill secures to the tribes withm the Territory,
severally, peaceable possession for ever, unless
they abandon their land, in which case the land
will revert to the United States.
Nothing can be more plain than that insecurity
of title has a tendency to paralyze industry and
enterprise. In this is to be found one of the causes
that have held back from improvement most of the
tribes near us. The Southern tribes, for various
reasons, had been induced to feel themselves more
secure t ian others, and this iva> one cau-e of their
improvement.
Many instances might be produced to show the
sad effects of the uncertain tenure by which they
have held their possessions. As early as 1646, In-
dians m New England, under the labors of Elliott'
and others, learned to read and to work, but the
crowding of white people around them sometimes
produced war, and sometimes peaceable negotia-
tions for their removal, and rapidly drove them
away .from civilization, or else penned them up
* Belknap's History of New Hampshire.
[X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Protection of the Aborigines—Mr. Tipton.
under circumstances still more disastrous to the
Indians.
Subsequently, Bramard in New Jeisey,| and the
Moravians in the West,], were m like manner dis-
appointed. Even among the rude Pottawatamies
oí the St. Joseph of Lake Michigan, as late as be-
tween the years 1822 and 1828, a very promising
beginning of improvement was made by that truly
benevolent society, the Baptist Board of Foreign
Missions. More th.m sixty youths of both sexes
were m their school, making pleasing progress in
the knowledge of letters, while then progress in
industry was no less prospeious. The males learned
to work on the farm, m the smith-shop, and in the
shoe-shop. The females learned to sew, spin, and
weave, and to attend to the various branches of do-
mestic economy. Thiee new settlements were
formed by the institution. At these settlements they
commenced making lad fences, log dwellings, &c.
Seven of their jouths weie sent to New York,
and two to Vermont, to complete then education,
hoping that, by the time ol their return, the im-
proved state ofsoci ty would aflord them employ-
ment, beneficial both to themselves and their coun-
tiymen, but scarcely had the work of improvement
commenced belore it w.u destroyed by the rapid
influx of white population, and all ended m disap-
pointment. The society has lemoved its establish-
ment west of the Mississippi, whue, I have no
doubt, it will be useful.
In the his-tory of this ill-fated people may be
found many instance , similar to those which 1 have
noticed. 1 have mentioned these, because the three
former are part ol the history of the country, and
known to every body, the latter took place while I
was attached to the Indian Department. I had fre-
quent opportunities to visit the school conducted by
the society, and it is but an act of justice to bear
testimony to the piudence, economy, and mdusny
with which it was conducted, and 1 had the morti-
fication to witness its failme, iiom the causes
which I have stated. My purpose will be answei-
ed by saying that by the provisions ol thk, bill, the
difliculties that have been expenencod in impiov-
ing the Indnns foi near two hundred years, ausmg
from the insecurity of possession of the tribes near
us, will be prevented in future, die lands they may
in truth call thnr mm, the impiovemenis which
they shall make theieon will benefit their descend-
ants. Foi this reason, paients will be stimulated
to provide fot their children, and cbildretLwill be
induced to respect their parenls In ordeffii make
this provision, Ihe parent* will blend their interests
together, correcting that destructive enoi of savage
life, ol keeping sppaiAte the piopcity of husband
and wife, and ol alienating their atleclions, as well
astheir interests Heiesohools cm be peimanent-
ly established and condut ted without interiuption,
as they are among us, and I hope with equal suc-
cess and usefulness.
The ambiguity v, Inch seems to have attached
itself to what we term Indian treaties, is a strong
argument m favoi of thi> Jeilure ot the bill, which
piovides that the) shall hold thur lands by patent,
by the same lnslmmint by whit h the citizens of
the United States hold their lands Concerning the
validity of this instrument, a question cannot be
started among eivih/ed men For a ttcsjnss upon
a landed right secured to the owner by patent, the
decision of a court will, without legal doubt, sicure
to the owner ample remuneration for damages.
By securing to them their lands by patent, the
better informed, who cpn underhand it, will be
inspired with additional confidence m the secuuty
of then possessions, and, through them, the same
confidence will be instilled into the minds of the
i less informed, promoting thiough the whole the
salutary ends we are seeking In securing to them
their lands by patpnt, we are but redeeming pledges
already given. We have not only assured all of
those tribes that wjhin this Territory they might
expect a, permanent residence, but to many we have
actually piomisedpaíi iiis, using the very word that
I now use.
We have not only promised them security m
that country by treaties, but this assurance has been
fSee Life of Rev. David Bramard
}See Brown's History of Missions
GLOBE.___________April 1838.
Senate.
confirmed by law. An act of the 28th of May,
1830, makes it lawful for the President of the Uni-
ted States to solemnly assure the nation or tribe
which, by exchange of lands, shall locate in the
Territory, that the United Slates will for ever secure
and guarantee to them, and to their heirs, the coun-
try so exchanged with them; and if they prefer it, a
patent is to be made and executed to them for the
same.
In treaties, the promise of a .patent has been
made to several tribes. By a treaty with the Choc-
taws of the 15th September, 1830, article 2d, it is
stipulated that the United States, under a grant
specially to be made by the President, "shall
cause to be conveyed to the Choctaws, a tract of
country west of the Mississippi river, in. fee sim-
ple to them and their decendants to mure to them
while they shall exist as a tribe, and live on it."
The treaty with the Cretks of the 94th March,
1832, stipulates that "as soon as the boundaries ot
the Creek country, west of the Mississippi, are as-
certained, the United States will causea patent or
grant to be executed to the Creek tribe, agreeably
to the 3d section of the act of 28th May, 1830."
Similar stipulations have been entered into by the
United States, with the Cherokees, Sénecas,
Sénecas and Shawanees, Gluapaws, Shawanees,
Delaware , and Potawatomies oi Osage river,
by which their lands in the Territory are to be sc-
sured to them respectively, by patent.
I can anticipate no objection to the piovision
which is to secure by patent the claims of the seve-
lal tribes within the Teintory, because it does not
ptopose to introduce any new principle into our
Indian relations. It is merely designed to complete
the fulfilment of obligations which we have already
come under. We cannot m justice deny the patent
which we have promised them for their lands m
the Western Territory.
The 2d and 3d sections provide for the ap-
pointment of a supenntendcnt and a clerk.
Eveiy Government must have a chief officer
to see that their laws are faithfully execu'ed,
and it matters not what title he bears, if his
duties are properly performed. Sections 5th,
6th, and 7th provide for a legislative council, to be
convened once a year, foi the purpose of enacting
such laws as the welfare of the community re-
quires. These laws will not take effect until ap-
proved by the President of the United States.
Hele, within this Territory, will, ere long, be an
Indian population of more than 133,000. They
will belong to 28 tribes, not to mention some minor
divisions. In order to promote peace and harmo-
ny among them, it is important to establish, upon
just principles, the relations which the tribes are to
sustain towards each other, and to make all fully
to understand these relations. The measure is fur-
ther necessary, in order to prevent the strong from
oppressing the weak. Further, the proximity of
such a population to our settlements, and the ne-
cessity for our citizew  to pass thiough their coun-
try, imperiously require that they should not be left
loosely, as they now are, under our present manage-
ment, but that they should be consideied as one
people, and that whatever rules or regulations
ex¡s.t in their country, especially such as can many
way affect our citizens, should be such as our Go-
vernment would approve, and the tendency of
which would be the promotion of peace and amity
between them and us, and among themselves.
We have now reached the ground upon which
alone the fabric of civilization can be erected,
namely, a union of intellect, of interests, and of
pursuits—-a confederacy of people thus--united,
enacting laws for the security of thetr persons and
'heir property. For want of these the Indians ha\ p
heretofore led a savage life. Now, when put in
possession of these privileges, we have a right to
exptct them to look up to a better condition.
But, as the general council, at first, will be inex-
perienced m legislation, it is deemed expedient for
the United States to exercise a guardianship over
them, and not allow laws to operate until approved
by the President of the United States.
Sections 4,9,10,11, and 12 are merely foi filling,
in detail, what is embraced in the several sections
which give character to the bill.
It only remains to notice the 8th secüon¡ which
