April 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25th CoNG-"-ííNn Sess.
Protection of the Aborigines—Mr. Tipton.
Senate.
is that part of the bill which provides that the con-
federacy shall appoint an agent to remain at
Washington, during each session of Congress, to
attend to the interests of the Confederacy as they
stand related to the United States. The delegate
is to be an Indian—one of themselves. His pay is
to be equal to that of a member of Congress, and
his duty will be to attend to their business here.
Upon this subject, which is one of some impor-
tance, I am happy to find that,- as far back as 1778,
in the days of Washington, by a treaty with the
Delawares, it was agreed that that tribe, united
with others, might have a Representative in Con-
gress By the treaty of Hopewell, Nov. 28, 1785,
with the Cherokees, it is agreed that that tribe shall
have a right to send a deputy of their choice when-
ever they think fit, to Congress. And in the 22d
article of a trealy with the Choctaws, of 97th Sept.
1830, the Indians request of the Commissioners to
secure to them the privilege of a delegate on the
floor of Congress. The commissioners stated, in
the same article, that they could rot, under a trea-
ty stipulation, accede to their request, but that (hey
would submit their request to the consideration of
the Government. The treaty containing that sti-
pulation, has long since received the sanction of the
President and Senate of (he United States, and is
the law of the land. I have added the case of the
Choctaws to those which preceded it for no other
reason than to increase the strength of the plea,
not for a delegate on the floor of Congress, but for
an agent to attend at Washington during the ses-
sions of Congress for this I put in a plea, not for
the Choctaws separately, but for all the tubes that
may see fit to unite in forming the Confederacy.
In order to accomplish the work which we have
begun, it is not only necessary to make them tho-
roughly acquainted with our institutions, but to
hold out inducements to stimulate them to laudable
emulation to improvement. The provision for this
agent is admirably calculated to answer these ends.
Their agent here will not bean idle spectator,
but one actively engaged m bringing to the notice
of Congress, and the heads of Departments, mat-
ters of interest to those who sent him, and which
require the notice of the Government. By these
means he would acquire self-respect, and a correct
knowledge of our laws and institutions.
The Choctaws, Cherokees, Creeks, Weas, Shaw-
nees, Delawares, Pottowatomies, Otoes, Ioways,
and Osages, have had books printed in their seve-
ral languages; the Shawnees have a newspaper
printed in their own language, edited by Mr. John-
ston Lykins, a gentlemen of talent and great moral
worth I have had the pleasure of his acquaint-
ance for many years. He is well suited to the task
he has undertaken for these people.
The facility with which many of the Indians
learn to read and write in their own language, is
owing to the simplicity of a new system of writing,
which promises to be of great utility. In their
newspaper ihey take a deep interest. By the read-
ing which is now introduced among them, they
will acquire information of the arts of life, the
science of Government, and of die condition of
the world, that will elevate and enlarge the mind
with great rapidity.
Again: By admitting an agent of iheir own to
attsnd to their business here, it would relieve some
members of Gongress of much labor on that sub-
ject, who could devote their time to the business
of their own immediate constituents.
Such is the nature of the bill now under consi-
deration. Is there one thing in it which is not
called -for by one, or by all, of the considerations
which, (as I have stated,) Washington urged
upon Congress, so long ago as 1789, namely,
the safety of our own frontier, and justice and
humanity to the Indian tribes? Placed under
the same circumstances under which our new
settlements have improved, they may be ex-
pected also to improve. Situated, as they will be
here, on our Western frontier, and separated from
every body else, and our own citizens prevented in
future from making encroachments upon either
their territory or their rights, and as their interest
and ours become more and more identified, as en-
lightened communities, the ties of friendship be-
18
tween us will be strengthened, aud the decline of
this heretofore ill-fated people may be arrested.
That our design will, if reduced to practice, suc-
ceed, we have just grounds to believe, from the ad-
vanced state of improvement of the Cherokees and
some other tribes. The Cherokees were so situated
as to feel more of national pride than the perishing
tribes on our borders; and they have made advances
in civilization while many other tribes have been
sinking into insignificance. , But the Cherokees
possessed only a portion of the facilities to improve-
ment which we propose ts give to the Indians in
the Territory. We may fairly infer, therefore, -that
in the Territory, improvement will be much more
rapid than it has been among the Cherokees.
It is rather surprising that the Cherokees, or their
advisers, did not earlier see this, and long ago
embrace the opportunity of acquiring rank, reputa-
tion, and all that makes life desirable; far beyond
what they would ever have attained by remaining
in their original place. There all laudable ambi-
tion was circumscribed to the little sphere of an
Indian tribe; here, in the Territory, the sphere will
be enlarged, until it shall equal in population and
business one or two of the largest States of this
Union.
The Governor of the Wisconsin Territory—than
whom few men in the country understand Indian
character better, or have done more to chastise
their temerity m time of war, or are more zea-
lously engaged in preserving their existence as a
people, or more desirous to ameliorate their condi-
tion—in his letter published with the annua! report
(page 17) of the Commissioner of Indian Afiaii?,
and laid on our tables at the commencement of the
session, while speaking of the wretched condition
of the Winnebago Indians of Wisconsin, says. " It
would, however, be much better for the Indians
and the Government, if they could be located south-
west of the Missouri river, where they conld have
no intercourse with the whites. I have n:> hesita-
tion in saying that the Government should interpose
its aid to save this miserable and degraded race of
Indians from the ruin and destruction which seems
to await them." These remarks, coming, as they
do, from Governor Dodge, are stronger arguments
in favor of the bill than any opinions of my own
that I can hope to urge on your consideration.
None can believe that we have discharged the
obligations of justice towards a perishing people,
whose territory necessity compelled us to tike pos-
session of. The world is large enough for all us
inhabitants. There is room enough for us and for
them: we have yet unoccupied, excepfby a few
Indians, the best place, taking into view the whole
case, which our continent ever afforded for their
residence; a place unembarrassed by State rights,
and, as I have endeavored to show, favorable m
its location, and ample in its resources. There are
already in that country 74,241 Indians, on the
ground, ready to receive at our hands the initial in-
stitutions of government and greatness. We can
do them justice in this case, without loss to our
selves. I say more: the act of justice which we are
called on to perform, promises us positive benefits.
Not less distinctly is the voice of humanity heard
in this case. Who can think of a race of men,
possessing undisturbed a quarter of the globe, with
noble intellect, though within naked bodies, re-
tiring from the vast Atlantic coast before the Spa-
niards' cross-bows and the Spaniards' bloodhounds,
before English guns and English institutions, now
halting to oppose a feeble ¡eoisiancc, and again re-
ceding farther into the wilderness to hide, sire-vug
the way of their retreat with the victims of their
suffering, and appearing fewer and fewer upon
every occasion that brings them to our view, with-
out a softened heai l! A hundred times over hare
we declared that we wished them well; and ret our
wishes have not been reduced to practire: neither
their retreat nor their decline has been arrested.
They have at length reached the extremity of habi-
table country on our western border: no farther can
they go, unless wc crowd them off the land where
man can live, and let them die at once. To this
extremity, I say, 74,241 have already come. Theie
they stop; and their numbers dady accumulate, by
influx from the various tribes east of the Missis-
sippi.    There, for the last time, they turn towards
this Government, imploring mercy by all that is
dreadful in the past, or hopeful in the future. And
shall we shut oar eyes, that we may iiot see their
sufferings, or stop our ears, that we may not hear
their crie*? And shall we fold our arms, and refuse
to help? No: our history must not, will not,- be
stained with such a dereliction of duty towatd the
race that preceded us. I anticipate a response in
every American heait. We will help theiit: we
will help them noto; for if we delay, It may de-
prive us of the opportunity.
I would fain persuade myself that I am but ex-
pressing the feelings of every one who has brought
his mind to bear on this subject, when 1 say that I
consider it a pnv lege, than which none in ray
short life will afford me" greater satisfaction,
that 1 have been allowed to bear a part ,-n this
noble work of ju-stice and of charity. Crntunes
have passed away, and with them milli ns of the
ancestors of those for whom we now legislate,
but it has been reserved for this generation, for this
time, ana may I hope for this Congress, to extend
the hand of kindness to a noble race of men.
Now let us act, and not delay about quibbles of
minor import, which experience will correct m the
progress of the work. Let us not deny ourselves
the fclic'ty o ' improving th s rare opportunity of
doing good. Let us speedily prepare a m sscge of
kindness to be carried to tb se people already within
the Weítern Territory. I>t usteil them in truth, here
terminates your wanderings west, and here shall
t rminate your wretch?d sufferings; from this time
date the comm'neement of your elev..tion which
will not leave you short of the sumai'.t of all that
is desirable among your conquerors. Now they
present the hand, not t f the conqueror, but of the
kinsman ; see ten thousand eyes dried at once,
or rathr wet with tears of joy, and listen to the
voice of a c a'eful people gladeni'g the solitary
! p'aces of the desert, followed byte hum of in-
C'Ticy, which shall convert the wilderness into
:"ru tiul fields. Und rthe=e auspicious andnleasins,
anticipations, let us act on this bill, and I have, no
feais of the result.
Here, sir, I wuhl gladly close my remarks, but
I must claim the indigence of ¡he Senate a few
moments longer, whde I draw the parallel between
the present expenses of administering the inter-
course laws to the people of the Territory, and the
expenses of the Government proposed by the bill.
I have prepared a statement, showing the number of
artisans and others now engaged within, and con-
nected with, the people of the Indian Tetfitory.
Present annua? expenditures untler existing laws within
Ihz proposed Indian Territory.
Five agents, at £1,500     -                       -   $7,500
Four sub-agents, at §750 -           -           -      3,000
One clerk, at £1,000         -           -           -      1,000
Seven interpreters, at §300          -           -      S,100
Twenty-five gun and biaeksmuhs,at $840 - 20,000
Seven farmers and assistants, at £600 - 4,200
Twelve teachers, a! from $833 to' §S40 - 0,960
Three millers     -           .           .                  1,700
One millwright, (vacant,)            -           -         600
St. Louis Stiperiit-tiniency.
One superintendent          ...      1,500
One interpreter    -                                             300
Two clerks          ....       1,800
One laborer         -                                             180
$53,340
Expenses of proposed Territorial Government.
SupeijQicndent's salary   -           -           -    $3,fwO
Clerk's sa'ary                                                    800
Subsistence of delegates attending genet;:'
coDticil             ....      2,000
Printing ¡aws ar.d relations     -           -         300
Contingencies     -                                           1,000
£6,100
At tte end of the first four years after the Ter-
rttoual Government goes, into operation, one-half
of the agents, sab-agents, and interpreters may
be dispensed with; and after the expiration of eight
years, every agent, sub-agent, and interpreter may
be discharged, leaving to the supetimeiid.- ,' \ the
,t-hiefs, and the general council, the m.-wagcme'iYt
| of the entire business of the Territory.    \ei>, ¿
