?Ü_______________APPENDIX TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,_____________April 1838.
25th Cong-•••2nd Sls«.                                        The lale Duel—Mr. Ehnoic.                                                                    H. of Reps.
of the trial of Sir Thomas Armstrong for treason,
and his execution, and to report a bill to levy an in-
demnity for his family out of the estates ol two
lawyers.,] who prosecuted, and four judges who
tried and unjustly condemned him. In examining
into the matter, it was proved that Sir Robert
Saw} cr, then a member oí the House, was attor-
ney general, and had assisted in prosecuting Ann-
strong, the committee put his name in the bill
without first reporting to the House the facts as to
Sir Robert Sawyer, and the House considered this
against their privilege, and recommitted Ihe bill,
with mslmctions to include his name in t John
Hampden, who took a prominent pl rt pi the de-
bate, said that, if m an investigation on other mat-
ters, it "fall out" that a member is implicated, it is
his privilege and the privilege of the House to have
it reported to the House befóte he can be proceeded
against. No jurisdiction over its privileges, aris-
ing, collaterally, out of an inquiry ordered by
the House, on other subjects, can be obtained
by a committee. But, sir, the true doctrine of
privilege is, that the House has all privilege
in its keeping. The privilege of the mem-
ber is its privilege, and when it refers to a com-
mittee an order to inquire whether its privileges
have been violated m any transaction, within the
limits of that transaction the whole question oí
privileges has been re*eircd by that body which ha 
all pn\ ilege m its keeping Such was the cas 
here, the House expiessly directed thit the com-
mittee should "further inquire whelher there has
been, in the case alluded to, a breach ot the pnvi
leges of this House, and to report thereon to the
Hoire."
Tins principle is too important to the justification
of the minority of the committee to allow it to pass
without more full examination I have said, sir,
that the privilege ot the membei is the privilege of
the House, and in its keeping The privilege of
each member is a part of that great aggregate, ihe
privileges of the House, and m its keeping and
contiol, and here, sir, I speak by lhat same 1 iw of
Parliament which is now the hw of this House,
and refci to the Mimia!, pige 122, fbi iliefolkm-
mg rule " The pm ilege of a member is the privi-
ltge oí ihe House I1 a membu nam it uithout
'euc, itis i ,round for punishing him but cannot
in effect w uve tht prnile^p ol tht Ho list " .!
Grey, 140,22"' Agun, sn, on the same page is
anotner law cu tht lioust "Puvi'egt is in the
power il the IIou e, an I is alesluunl u> the pio
ceedin'¿ ci in'trior eouiis, but not oí thff House
itself "—-Minnal 122, 2 Nelson 4ri0, 2 Grey 399
When the House, thereloie, ordered this commit-
tee " to inquire whether there has been, in the case
alluded to, a breach oí the primU^a of tins House,
and to lepoH thereon to ihe House," thty referred
the question of privilege in its broad and unqualified
meaning In the very words oí yoat Law, ' tin pn-
\ ilege it a member is the privilege of the Houst "
In all the cases from which are drawn the mies íe-
lied on to censuie the committee, I have not seen
one which arose where a committee was charged to
inquire into any matter or question of privilege,
but in every instance they occurred where inquines
were ordered on other matters not relating lo pnvi-
lege, and m the examination a member pioved
to be involved, when, under the well known rules
ot Parliament, to proceed against him, without ex
press authority, was against the privilege of the
House Sir, when time has passed on, and the
feelings of the present moment shall hate leit our
judgments free and impaitial, we will see and
acknowledge the full force of this distinction.
Your resolution directed the committee to inquire
whether a breach oí the privileges of the House had
been committed, and your laws told us ihe privi-
leges oi the House included the pm ileges of its
members, and under your ltjygerative older the
committed proceeded with deliberation to execute
the most painful duty w hich I have ever been called
upon to perform, one which I solemnly protest I
never could have been induced to undertake under
any other than an imperative sense of the highest
obligations to obey you
^ The lawyeii weie Burton an ! (Jiaham, and the judge were
Jeffreys, C I.SrT Wythens, Sir lhos Walcott, and Sn
Rithard Holloway See Journal House of Common", vol 10
uagea 13r,28i, 289, ¿90, 298,300,331,33f.
1 now ask, sir, how the comrmt'ee could have
answered to the inquiry you ordered, " whether a
breach of the privileges of the House had been, in
the case alluded to, committed," without examining
witnesses'' Did the House not understand that
witnesses were to be examined, and testimony
taken' If not, why, sii, weie the committee em-
poweied to send for persons and papéis, the highest
powers required to investigate /fiefs' Sir, the com-
mittee wore required to asctilain a fact—was there
" a breach of privilege in the case alluded to'" and
to enable them to do so, they weie clothed with this
ample powei, and, sir, when they had ascei tamed
the fact, they were furthei ordered not to lock it up
in then own bosoms, but to itpoit it to the House
It i  also said by some of the gentlemen who
hive spoken, that this piotetdmg was ix parte, the
members implicated having no notice This is
another of those imaginaty facts, which have led
some gentlemen into a tram of mistakes The
veiy fust act of the committee, in beginning the
exaroinaiitn of witnesses, was to give ioimal no-
tice in writing, a , its journals will show, to all the
parties, that the committee authorized their at-
tendance, and consideied them entitled to confront,
euminc, and cross-e\amine eveiy witness—a pri-
vilege which was eveicised to its fullest extent.
Lvnj witness was sworn, and was examined wuh
e\try foim and undei every sanction which could
unveil truth and satisfy the paities, who were pie-
sent peisonallv, or by such peisons as they choose
to rtpresuit them It is a total mistake in gcntle-
ii en who suppose it was ever the idea of the com-
mittee that the House should take this examina-
tion as final, or that it should lake this testimony
at all as evidence, if it decided to proceed against
tho<r implicated, it was reported because the order
of the House requued it, and because it was pro-
pel to Show tht fdcis
I haveexamined the piecedentsm similar cases
in both Housts of Congress, but beforp calling the
attention of tht House to them, and submitting any
icmaiks <n lliem, t will ask the attention of the
House to somt fat is not litrctolou brought into
tin discussion You nisi d this committee min-
ium whethc a hit ach tl your privileges hul been
( nmuntled in the e tse referred to them, and very
sh )itl\ aftei coiinuenotd the piesenlation of peti-
tion in this House, praying you to evpel, by name,
the numbers who had ban conceincd in thatcasc,
w'n hjiu had red rred to your committee Prom
d i> to 11>, thee petitions were presented, to the
number of hundreds, and you, day by day, refer-
led them to this very committee For what pur-
pose, sn' Gent'emen who have faiored us with
learned opinions on parliamentary law can perhaps
answer this question satisfactorily Out gentleman
liom New \oik [Mi Sii)iEY]said yesterday that
it was always understood, when a matter was re-
in red to a committee, that the committee was to
reporten it of course, and 1 agiee with him Sir,
the majority leport is m conlormity to the prajer
ol these petitions, mine against them But, sir, the
gentleman fiom Massachusetts [Mr Brigos] says
tht míe in the Manual befo e quoted is a i ule of
ths House, arid that a simple reference is not suf-
ficient to gi\ e the p >w er to the commutes, but, sir,
the gentleman forgets that the verv first of these
petitions wes presented by his colleague, "¡Mr
Adams,] on the 6th of March, when it was not in the
regular course of the bus.ness of the House to do
so, and that to enable him to present them, and have
them referred 11 th.s committee, the rules were sus-
pended by the v ery v ote of two thirds required by
his argument
There has been one objection made lo these pro-
ceedmss, sir, which I have heard with smprisp It
has been said, sir, that the committee has tried the
members implicated, and that against the authority
of the House When the committee were called
on to act in this matter, I exam ned the precedents
in this Houst and the Senate I understood thp
gentlemin from Massachusetts [Mr Adams] yes-
terday to say there shou'd have been no argument
submitted m the report, and no final acl'on recom-
metide , that he De leved there were no precedents
lor it m tne House, in the Senat*, in 1808, the
case ef John S nith wassomewhat similar When
j was assigned this duty, sir, I looked into piece-
dents, and the first which attracted my attention
was this of John Smith. I found the repott of the
committee, (vol. 20,State Papers,701,) drawn by the
honorable member from Massachusetts, in that mas-
terly style which has alwayscharactenzed his pen. It
is said that this committee has tried the members
implicated On comparing the pnceedings of the
two committees, I have not been able to see the
diflerence in principle in their proceedings, except
th .t m thu investigation the committee kept within
the míe  of ev dence adopted by all courts, and m
that they were avowedly enlarged to the "admission
of a spe íes of evi 'ence which in courts of criminal
jurisdiction would be excluded " In John Smith's
case, I find argument on law and fact, keen, perti-
nent, and powerful I find also, sir, that thaleom-
mittee say "The committee have never conceived
themselves invested with authority to try Mr. Smith.
Then charge was to report an opinion i elating to
the honor and privileges of the Senate, and the
fads relating to Ú e conduct of Mr. Smith. Their
opinion, indeed, cinnot teexpre sed tn relation to
the privilege of the Senate, without relating at the
wine ¡imc to Mr Smith's right of holding a seat in.
this body, but in that tespect the authority of the
committee extends only to proposal, and not deci-
sion " Upon turning to the close of the report, I find
that proposal was this resolution.
"Beioit-cd, That John Smith, a Senator from the Slate of
Ohio, by lus paitici| anon in the conspiracy of Aaren Burr
against the pt-ace, union, and libe? ties oí the people of the
United Stales, has been guilty of conduct incompatible with
his du y and elation as a Senator of the United States And
that he be theiefor and hereby is, expelled from the Senate of
the United States "
Here, sir, is the annunciation of guilt and sen-
tence, not as a trial, but as a proposal to the Senate
for its confirmation, enforced by arguments of
great ability, both on law and the evidence, whieh
that committee took
The rase of Humphrey Marshall, a Senator
charged with perjury, had the examination and
report of acquittal   (2d vol. Sen. Jour. 217 to 224.)
The case of Mr Blount, a Senator from Tennes-
see, occurred in 1797, (2d volume Senate Journal,
183 to ¿92 ) A copy of a letter implicating him iu
conduct incompatible with his duty to the country-
was communicated to the Swnate by the President,
and it was referred to a committee to report what
"it is proper for the Senate to do thereon " That
committee examined witnesses and reported their
evidence, although not specially authowed to do so,
and reported a resolution that he was "guilty of a
high misdemeanor," and "that he be expelled,"
which was done by a vote of 25 to 1.
In this House, sir, the precedents equally show
that it has been the custom to examine witnesses,
submit arguments on law and fact, and recommend
final action to the House. The first case is one of
high sanction, Mr. Madison having been chairman
of the committee. James Gunn, a Senator from.
Georgia, in 1796, sent a challenge by the nands of
Frederick Frelmghuysen, a Senator from New Jer-
sey, to A Baldwin, a member of the House of Re-
piesentatives Jrom Georgia, (2d vol Jour H R.
470 lo 475.) The papers were laid before the
House by Mi. Baldwin, and referred toa commit-
tee without any mslt uctwns whatever, and that com-
mittee took evidence, reported it a breach of privi-
lege, but recommended to the House, as ihe Se-
nators had apologised, it should proceed no further.
On the 14 th January, 1800, the President com-
municated to the House a letter received by him
from John Randolph, one of its members, complain-
ing against certain officers of the Army or Navy
for insulting him for words spoken in debate. It
was referred to a committee without any tnslruc-
lioiis, and that committee, without informing the
House that any question of privilege had arisen,
examined witnesses, and íeported that it was a ques-
tion of privilege, and censured Mr Randolph for
"derogating from the rights of the House," by ap-
pealing to the Executive, and recommended that no
fuither achon should be had by the House, (3 vol.
Jour H R. 559 to 573 ) In the case of Matthew
Lyon, the committee were ordered to teport them,
and did reprrt for his expulsion, (3 vol Jonr II. R.
157 to 179 ) In the case of J. A Coles, the com-
mittee examined evidence, and recommended what
should be the final action of the House, (Jour. H.
