Mar. 1838.                     APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                279
85th CoNG""2fi  Sess.
R. 7 vol. p. Ill; State Papers,2l vol. p. 18and 19.)
In the case of Russel Jarvis, (Jour. 1 sess. 20
Cong. 587 to 834,"i the committee recommended
what should be the final actioa of the House. In
the case of Henry G. Wheeler and Robert Codd,
two Reporters who had an affray in the presence of
the House, the committee appointed to incjuire into
iha facts, examined witnesses and reported ú a
breach of privilege, and recommended the adoption
of resolutions affirming H. G. Wheeler guilty of
contempt and breach of privilege, and that he should
be excluded from the Hall and imprisoned. In-
deed, sir, it has been, I may say, the unvarying
practice of committees of both Houses to do what
is now called trying the cases referred to them, and
thai, toof whether they were specially empowered
or authorized to report opinions and recommenda-
tions for the final action of ths House, or only had
a simple reference.
I have stated these precedents, because they had,
on my mind, much weight and influence; and I
stated in the committee, while the repon was und er
consideration, that the current of practice seemed
to be in favor of the power of the committee to
recommend such action as they judged suited to the
case; but that I was not prepared to yield to prece-
dents in the face of a resolution which I thought de-
fined our powers in a more limited sense, or, at
most, did not require of us to report what ought to
be the punishment; and while I did believe, and do
still believe, that we were required to report all the
evidence, and to report whether there was a breach
of privilege, and by whom committed, with the
pi oof and reasons for that opinion, because it was
so ordered by the resolution of the House, by the
same rule of construction I concluded that we were
not bound to report what should be the pum'A-
ment of the offence, because the resolution did not
order us to do so. When, therefore, the majority
and the minority both went beyond whit I deemed
the letter of our authority and its spirit in the dis-
cussion of testimony, or the expression ol opinions
upon men or subjects not connected essentially
with the inquiry ordered, I dissented. I partici-
pated in no questions of opinion or conduct beyond
that point.
Having these views, and differing from the ma-
jority, I have no objections to the course intimated
by the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, to
vote against postponement of the consideration of
the report, and refer it back to the committee, with
proper instructions. Upon the coming in of a re-
port without recommendations for the course of the
House, it will be disembarrassed in deciding
whether to proceed or not.
SPEECH OF MR. BYNUM,
Of North Carolina.
In the Howe of Representatives, March 13, 1838.—
On the bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic expenses of the Government for
the year  1838; in reply to Mr.   Halstead, of
New Jersey, on his motion to strike out the ap-
propriation for the completion of a jet d'eau in
the public grounds in front of the Capitol.
Mr. BYNUM rose, he said, to express his utter
surprise   and  astonishment at the   extraordinary
speech which had just been concluded by the mem-
ber from New Jersey.    He was entirely at a loss
for language to express the feelings he entertained
for the singular and extraordinary course which
that member had seen fit to pursue on that occa-
sion.   He declared that he had never before, since
he had had the honor of a seat on that floor, wit-
nessed any thing to compare with it, in many par-
ticulars.    In the whole coarse of his legislative ex-
perience he had never witnessed any thing so un-
necessary, so little called for, and so entirely inap-
propriate to the occasion.
The member had commenced his extraordinary
remarks with a view, he said, of opposing an insig-
nificant appropriation for a jet á'eau in the area of
the Capitol. Yes, sir, the member, in discussing
the appropriation for this little jet d'eau, had taken
it upon himself to pour out the bitterness that had
probably been generating in him for years, against
those to whom he was politically opposed.  Without
General appropriation Bill—Mr. Bynum.
the remotest provocation, he had made a most wan-
ton and unjustifiable attack upon the whole Demo-
cratic party, towards whom he had used language
which decency and respect for the place he occu-
pied there should have prohibited.
The member had surely forgotten where he was,
and whom he represented. He [Mr. B.j could
not bring himself to believe that the language
of sentiments which he had just heard deli-
vered, were truly representative of the feel-
ings, language, and sentiments, of the free-
men of New Jersey, towards the friends of this
or any other Administration. He knew such was
riot the course that had met or would meet the ap-
probation of the respectable portion of that party to
which the member professed himself to belong.
He had no doubt that such a course would be re-
pudiated by every high-minded man of that party,
and would be by any other. He had already heard
members of the party uttering expressions of diS-
gust at such a course, at such a time and on such
an occasion.
He believed it Was the same member, who in a
speech at the extra session had distinguished him-
self in a way nearly as singular and extraordinary.
This member then had electrified, no doubt, as he
thought, the House some hours, with the most
classic quotations, from nearly, he said, from the
time that he consumed in delivering them, the third
of a volume of Shakspeare's plays, as much from
Ovid, and the Lord knew how much of Horace;
and from what other school-books he was not now
prepared to say.
The member then exhibited himself as a pure
classic scholar, and a worthy rppresentative of
the true " decency party," to which he believed no
person objected, and the member was left unmo-
lested in the full fruition of the honors he had
achieved in this sckool-boy and classic exhibition
and, sir, for the honor of the State, and the credit
of the member himself, it would have been well
for him not to-have departed from those innocent
classic juvenile exhibitions even here, and so long
as the member had been disposed to confine him-
self to such innocent indulgence, he [Mr. B.]
would have been the last there to have interposed,
to have cast a single censure upon his coarse.
But what a contrast had the member from New
Jersey's [Mr.HALSTED] conduct then exhibited,
with that on the occasion to which he then alluded?
What a stupendous fall, had all present witnessed,
in the conduct of that member then and on the
present occasion! Then he addressed us almost ex-
clusively in the refined language of Shakspeare,
Ovid, Virgil, Horace, and other classic poets; now,
sir, the whole of the member's quotations have
been made, evidently, from tippling shops, pot houses,
and cros-road inns- His language and figures are
with such exactness, that they bear with them al-
most the fume of those places.
That member, having certainly lost sight of the
place he o'ccupie I, in his brilliant effusions had
denounced the Democratic party as, as—Mr. Spea-
ker, I am loath to use it—Van Jacks. What a most
classic epithet! What a polite, classic, and dis-
tinguished taste it exhibits! and from what source
comes it? Is it possible that the member could
have leirned such classic epithets at Princeton?
Could he have brought them from old Nassau, at
which place, perhapsf he may have been? If so, it
certainly does an honor to "that venerable institution,
of which she will, doubtless, never be found to
boast.    Van Jacks!
That member surely intended such language fer
another place, and othet ears. "He stands solitary
and alone," let me say, I believe, in having ihe
honor of being the first of his party that has ever
condescended to employ that epithet for the edifi-
cation of the galleries here—for, I am sure, he
could not have intended it for the ears of the hono-
rable members of this House. Epithets illy suited
to the pretensions of a member of a party that pro-
fessed, and have long since monopolized to them-
selves, all the "decency" of the country. As much
as I have mingled in society for years past, I
do not ever recollect to have heard the first respecta-
ble man, of either party, however zealous as a par-
tisan, condescend to employ it in serious debate. I
never have seen it but once or twice, and then em-
it, of Reps.
ployed by the lowest and dirtiest kennel presses; and
certainly had never expected that a member of this
House would have so far lost that respect that was
due to it, as to employ it here; and the member will
certainly hereafter stand so far pre-eminently dis-
tinguished above all his predecessors.
The member had used another epithet truly
illustrative of his fund of classic epithets; he had
denounced the Democracy as the " spoils parly.'"
This, no doubt, he lias procured from another
quarter, whose classic beauty had seized tena-
ciously on the refined fancy of the member from
New Jersey. With this classic epithet, too, the
member seemed to be no less pleased than with
his " Van Jacks." I think I have heard him use
it before, and turn it in his mouth as some pre-
cious morsel most agreeable and delicious to his
classic taste. Sir, we all have our peculiar tastes,
and most assuredly I shall envy not the member from
New Jersey for his. " The spoils party.'" What
was the member and his party after, if it were not
the spoils of office, as they choose to call them.
They had them once, but used them in such a man-
ner as to induce the people to take them away
from them, and this seemed to be the " oldgrudge,"
from the classic remarks with which that member
had honored the House to-day. The object of
these catchwords the people understood, I presume,
as well as the member from New Jersey, or nearly
so, though they may not possess as much of his
classic learning; and if the member intended them
for his constituents alone, he had certainly paid a
poor compliment to their intelligence and plain
common sense, which had ever been so greatly
undervalued by the party to which that member
belonged. It was to the misappreciation of the
intelligence of the plain common people through-
out the country, that the invariable defeat and
overthrow of that party had ever been attributa-
ble, more than to any other cause. It was the
" accursed rock" upon which their political bark
had so often been wrecked, and it was in the teeth
of this oft-repeated lesson of experience that the
member from New Jersey was still rushing ahead
to repeat again the experiment. Whether he
would be found more successful than those who
had preceded him of his party, depended mush
upon the intelligence of that pariietilar portion of
people whom the member might represent here;
but unless they were far behind the times, «nrd in
the rear of their brethren in other sections, the
destiny of that member is already decided. Tfee
people are often deceived by their newspapers td
public speakers; but, in time, they have e c
failed to right themselves.
But the member from New Jersey set,«sed to
express an "inherent Iwrror" at the very sound of
the word Democracy, as though it were someth'Bg
foul and loathsome to the touch, that stained the
mouth that uttered it; nor was he alone in being
smitten with this horror, whenever that word was
announced there. Sir, what is there so horrific in the
word Democracy, that should make gentlemen
tremble and turn pale with scorn whenever it is
, mentioned here, and which they were continually
in the habit of speaking of with such dread and
terror? What was the true meaning of this word,
Democracy? According to my reading, it is de-
rived fiom the two Greek words demos, the people,
and cratia, their rule, or control, and simply means
the people's control, or the ruling people. The word
Democracy is used, then, in contradistinction to the
word Monarchy, the rule or control of one man—
a monarch, a king, or tyrant—and an Aristocracy,
the rule of a few men—heretofore the patricians
and nobility '■ Sir, there is nothing in this demvs
cralia, this rule of the people, that is at all frightful
to me, nor should there be to any but to those who
would usurp their inalienable right to control, and to
tyrants.
What, sir, is there then in this Democracy that
seems so odious and revolting to certain gentlemen
here? Is it ihe power of the people that they dread?
Is it at the idea of their control that makes them
tremble and tarn pale? Or is it their judgment that
they so much deprecate? Are they those that are
to be expelled from "your Capitol as the ignorant
servile crew," as announced by your proud bank
autocrat?   Gentlemen should pause and beware
4
