Mar. 1838.

APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
25th Cong--
■ •2nd Sess.
General appropriation Bill—Mr. Bynum.
H. of Reps.
system—this most fruitful of all sources of prodi-
gality, extravagance, injustice, and oppression.
By this kind of reform and reduction—that is, to
strike down your tariffs (immediately to tie com-
menced, in good faith, and to arrest your extrava-
gant system of internal improvements, which had
■been so effectually crippled by the last Administra-
tion—you would effect a reduction and retrench-
ment in truth, to the amount of millions and tens
of millions annually to this Government, an object
iruly worthy of the time that might be consumed in
as discussion, and one of the highest benefits to the
great body of the people of this country.
Mr. B. asked if the member from New Jersey,
or any of his party, was prepared to go this length
with him in economy, reduction, and reform; if
not, he would be compelled to doubt the sincerity
of all their professions of economy and rrtrench-
saent, as being designed to amuse the ear only,
while they were intended to deceive the heart.
• This cavilling about individual appropriations of
petty amounts was a penny-post business, in his
judgment Utile worthy of serious debate in that
Hoase, when objects of so much higher moment
were continually staring them in the face, and
calling aloud for a reform; yet he doubted, greatly
doubted, if the member would not be found
among the last of that House to lend a listening
ear to such a call. It never had been any part of
she policy of the party to which that member be-
.ionged, to let the money of the people remain in
their own pockets. Such doctrines were only to
be found in the Democratic creed, but which occa-
sionally had been seized hold of by their bitterest
¡enemies to use for special and temporary purposes.
He was perfectly convinced that there could be
no salutary reform, economy or retrenchment so
long as there was more money collected from the
people than the necessary wants of Government re-
quired, and we could never produce the effect with-
out we removed the cause. Any action by Con-
gress less than that, would effect but little, in his
.opinion, towards economy and retrenchment. He
believed, let either party gain the control of the Go-
vernment, so long as there was money hoarded in
your Treasury, that there would be objects found
or invented to appropriate it to. This was natural,
and would be found to be a necessary consequence,
from a variety of reasons, too numerous to enu-
merate.
That there had been, and would be in all time to
come, petty defalcations and want of economy in
trie-different functionaries of Government, and un-
der any and every Administration, he had not the
least doubt; and he would always be found as rea-
dy, without regard to party, to apply a corrective
as any man, in or out of that House. Bui, never
had he, nor would he, place the merits or demerits
of any Administration upon the existence or non-
existence of such petty abuses. These were sub-
jects over which this House had control, and no
Executive should be held responsible alone for such
abuses. It was his duty, however, as far as his
power extended, to correct them when brought
within his knowledge.
If the member will recur to the yeas and nays
upon all questions of appropriations in that House,
he would find that his party would have but little to
brag of for their votes against those that had been
considered the most extravagrant; in fact, he, Mr.
B. would be willing to risk the character of the
friends of the Administration upon that issue. And
the member would find too that there was a great
difference in the facts, as recorded, and in the mere
declamation used here, for political effects and
party purposes.
Mr. B. would always be found willing to lend
his support to the raising of any scaling committee
that the member might propose, provided he would
specify the objects to be reduced. None would be
more ready than himself to aid any member in any
measure that had for its object the reduction of the
public disbursements to an economical standard.
Economy, he had ever believed, was an essential
feature in a Democratical Government, and one
from which there should be no departure, except
called for by the most urgent necessities. But it
was the reverse with almost every other species of
Government, which throve mostly in proportion
to the excessive revenues which they could exact
from the labor and produce of their people. He
never had been, nor never could be, found an ad-
vocate for extravagance, either as a public man, or
as a private individual; and if there was a virtue
to be found in it, he confessed that he had lived to
the present age without having been able to dis-
cern the first part of it. Nor wou!d he, for a mo-
ment, remain a friend of any Administration that
would, knowingly, sanction, directly or indirectly,
any system of extravagance m any one of its de-
partments or functionaries.
He was no baby, however, to be frightened from
his long-cherished principles of Republicanism and
Democracy, by mere cries of extravagance, emana-
ting from upstart politicians, office-seekers, or 'Malig-
nant broken-down Presidential aspirants, or by ihe
waitings of dismissed secretaries, who had long
since lost the confidence of the public; by such he
was neither an object to be played upon, cheated or
deceived, which seemed to have been almost their
sole object since ¡heir expulsion from power by the
people in 1828. He knew that the charges of extra-
vagance, when made by such, were not intended
for investigation, nor for the ear of the well in-
formed upon political subjects, but were m3de for
political effect, to operate upon the more ignorant
of mankind. Hence their universal concealment,
beneath vague generalities, in the most of their
charges, which, they well knew, could never lead
to specific investigation. Such for years had been
the charade" of the charges of extravagance against
this and the former Republican Administration of
President Jackson. He had not, himself, seen any
thing new in these charge : ihey did not even pos-
sess the merit of novelty; and ih<* American people,
tco, had but too well learnt both the character of
the charges, and the sources from whence they
came, for ¡hem longer evrm to answer the purposes
of deception. The public appetite has become
cloyed te sickness with these oft-repeated charges by
the same sources, and they demanded proof and
specification against the Administration; but they
had done it in vain. The foul authors of these
charges had always found shelter under their vague
generalities, that embraced every body and every
¡lung, but could be fixed on none.
But ii was the known tactics of a great brag-
player to boast most upon the weakest hands. It
so appeared with the Opposition. They had al-
ways been loudest and most prolific in their charges
of extravagance and corruption when in possession
of the least proof to substantiate them; a practice
wilh them that had been reduced to a system.
They had a common shield, un:'.er which they
always sought protection, and frota, which they sel-
dom ever ventured very far, which always con-
sisted in vague and indefinite generalities, too
cautious ever to specify facts or to desig-
nate individuals. To such vaunting economists
he had ever said, name your time, your place,
your facts, your individuals, anj he would go with
them in any and every investigation to ferret out
the truih, and to expose the delinquent; but no,
that had been going rather too far for them; their
purpose had been answered, by simply making
the charge with a bold front. It was for political
effect and deception, and not that of truth, or to
remedy abuses. There had no* been a single in-
stance, where a member of the Opposition had
brought forward in good faith, aay measure of
a reform and reduction founded on principles of
economy, in. which they had not been promptly
met, and every means furnished to aid them in
their investigations. Had gentlemen forgot what
had occurred there but a few years ago with certain
famous investigating committees raised by the sug-
gestion, and at the instance of ihe same Opposition?
Had they forgot how they had been caught, in re-
lation to ¡he investigation of the conduct recently
of a certain Senator. Thess happened to be
too specific to answer there purposes of abuse and
calumny. When had the Administration under-
taken to conceal any acis of its exiravagance, or
shield from exposure the corruptions of its depart-
ments or officers? Sir, never. Then why these
hues' and cries against it, but to deceive and ira
pose upon the innocent and uninformed people,
in which attempt, indeed, existed much of the true
and real corruption with which our coontry had
been for years so sorely afflicted. If there was cor-
ruption to be found with any body of men on earth,
it was with those whose continual efforts had been
for years to deceive, to excite alarm, and rbuese, the
peaceful people of this nation against their €k>-
vernment, and its free Democratic Republican
institutions, and to disparage the idea of a Govern-
ment being successfully carried en under the con-
trol of a Democratic .people.
The member had next made his objections to
the members of the departments, and clerks of bu-
reaus, taking and reading newspapers, and had ex-
hibited much wit, no doubt, as he thought, .in his
description of mahogany and hickory bureaus. He
knew not to what extent the practice prevailed of
furnishing the departments with newspapers for
their clerks. It looked 10 him, however, like an-
other '-Rocky Mountain, hunt." The game, he
thought, was too small to pay for the ammunition
that it took to kill it, or the time that it had con-
sumed to prosecute it. They were al! matters that
should come within the cognizance of some of the
committees, and particularly that upon accounts
and contingent funds. If there was any thing
amiss in this respect, they should have reported it
else they have been delinquent in their duty to the
country; and if the member wished it, and would
move it, he would vote him a committee to exa-
mine the facts and report them to the House, and
forthwith apply the remedy; bat he could not vote
for or against any thing upon the mere prejudiced
and heated assertions of political partisans of that
House.    No man could be safe in so doing.
If too, there had been so great a number of
hickory-bureaus created for the member, and he
thought them more durable than mahogany, why
did he not come forward with some tangible, specific
proposition that was practicable, for a committee
to inquire into the propriety of dispensing with
these hickory bureaus? Why content himself with
these mere general charges, when he had it in his
power to make a practical demonstration of his
sincerity? Was it beneath these " generalities"
again, that he found it most convenient to take
shelter? Or was it because he thought that it would
be more difficult to demolish hickory bureaus, than
those of " ebony and mahogany;" and that ¿t_ was
necessary for him to call on, the people to help tón to
accomplish it now? Or was it only a part of the
system of his party's warfare? Would that mem-
ber's constituents require . nothing more from his
hands, than to make mere charges of extrava-
gance and corruption, without a single effort to
prove them? If so, happy indeed might- he be,
who had constituents s© silly and so easily satis-
fied. Sir, it had always been easy to make
such charges: it required neither tact nor talent
to do it; but the difficulty was in the proof, and it
was that, that would be required by every intelli-
gent, thinking and discerning people. All had be-
come heartily tired of these heartless, idle charges,
intended merely for excitement and deception
alone. The people looked for something else.
They were entitled to something more. Such a
course was undervalueing their intellect, and treat-
ing wilh contempt their ordinary faculties of
mother wit and common sense. It was the folly
of children to be influenced by the repetttitm of
charges, and the boldness of assertions without
proof, and that there was something more due to
the good sense of the people, than such a course
to be pursued with them, by any set of men or party.
The member had again alluded to the volumi-
nous documents that had been published by Con-
gress, and the length of the reports of committees,
and of the public officers of the Government, and
would have his constituentsito infer, that for this too
the friends of this Administration were alone re-
sponsible. As to the committee's reports there was
no doubt, and he would challenge proof to the
contrary, that those emanating from his own party
had ever been found as voluminous, and more so,
than those made by the Democratic party; and to
attempt to restrict such reports in any shape what-
ever, would be immediately construed into an at-
tempt to stifle the truth, and would be without its
parallel in legislative or judicial history. He be-
lieved it was the first attempt he had either read or
