DIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                               2SÍ
April 1838.
25th Cong-"-2"íd Sess.
Bank of the United States, or other persons who
may have the property of that bank in their posses-
sion, for the purpose of paying the debts of the
same.
If the president or other officers of the Pennsyl-
vania bank are in this situation—if they have
become the assignees or trustees of the Bank of the
United Stales, and have its assets m their hands for
the purpose of discharging the debts of the expired
corporation, and shall, in violation of their trust,
reissue the notes of the original bank, to be circula-
ted as money, they will be liable to punishment
under this law, not, however, as officers or agents
of the Pennsylvania bank, but as trustees of the
Bank of the United Slates, or as individuals pos-
sessing the property or effects of that bank, and
whose duty it is to collect and pay its debts. They
will be liable to punishment for illegally and fraudu-
lently putting into circulation me dead notes of that in-
stitution which no one is legally bound to pay. Ha-
ving accepted the trust, to collect and pay the debts
ef the Bank of the United States, it was their duty
to cancel its notes when paid. But, instead of this,
they have been reissued, m violation of their trust,
in violation of the orjgmal charter, and in con-
tempt of the authority of the United States. These
dead and illegal notes are now in circulation to the
amount of more than six millions of dollars. These
notes are issued on the authority of tne United
States, when that authority has long since ceased.
The country has thus been flooded by an illegal,
spurious currency, purporting to be issued on the
authority of the United States, and to be pa/able by
a corporation which has expired, and in which the
United States was a large stockholder Can any
conduct be [conceived more reprehensible, and
that calls more strongly for severe penal enact-
ments'! BecaHse this breach of trust, and illegal
conduct, proceeds from persons who are officers of
a State corporation, is that any reason why we
cannot punish thenf* It is not for their acts as
officers of a State corporation that they are to be
punished, but as agents and trustees of a corpora-
tion created by Congress, whose property they pos-
sess, and attempt to exereise the powers of such
corporation after its charter has expired, and in di-
rect violation of the same, which required that its
concerns should be closed and wound up within
two years after the expiration of the period of its
existence.
Believing that there is no doubt as to our juris-
diction over the subject, and regarding the offence
of putting into circulation a large amount of ille-
gal and spurious notes, as a fraud upon the
law, and a fraud upon the public, he regarded it as
a case in which Congress was called upon by
the strongest considerations, to put a stop to such
dishonest practices, carried on by a gross abuse of
its own authority.
RESURRECTION NOTES.
REMARKS OF MR. CLAY,
Of Alabama,
In Senate, Friday, April 20, 1838—Upon the bill to
prevent the issuing and circulation of the bills,
notes and securities of corporations created by
Congress which have expired
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he thought it had
been well remarked, that the principal difficulty
upon the bill under consideration arose from the
idea that it was intended to apply specially and ex-
clusively to the late Bank of the United States.
Gentlemen on the other side, he said, had argued
as if it were intended to operate solely upon Mr.
Biddle Now, it ought to be recollected, said Mr.
C. that, in its terms and provisions, it embraces all
banks which have been chartered by Congress. It
is intended to prohibit the reissue of the bills of any
bank, which has had its existence m an act of Con-
gress, after the expiration of the time limited by the
chaiter, whether that period has already, or may
hereafter expire. Nor, said Mr. C. does the bill
operate, or purport to act, upon the Pennsylvania
Bank of the United States, not upon any other ex-
isting corporation. Its effects are confined to the
agents constituted by ourselves, or their sub-agents
Resurrection Notes—Mr. C. Clay.
and trustees It is intended to restrain them from
violations of the law, enacted for their government,
and the protection of the rights of other citizens ge-
nerally. Whether the law, if passed, would ope-
rate on Mr. Biddle, Mr. C. said was a judicial ques-
tion, let the proper tribunal decide.
Sir, said Mr. C. I agree with the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr Preston] that we have ceased
to be a stockholder, and that our having been a
stockholder gives us no power, nor is the bill predi-
cated upon any such idea. It is founded upon our
supposed right and duty to enforce the limitations
imposed by our ourselves upon those to whom we
may have granted the great privilege of baRkmg,
and who, by the very acceptance of their charters,
assented to be bound by those restrictions.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
said Mr C. asks us if the reissuing the bills of the
late Bank of the United States is an offence And
has it become a question whether a violation of
law by the officers or agents of that institution con-
stitutes an offence'! The charter declares that, after
the expiration of twenty years, " ii shall be lawful
to use the corporate name, style, and capacity for the
purpose of suits for the final settlement and liquidation
of the affairs and accounts of the corporation, and for
the sale and disposition of their estate, real, per-
sonal, and mixed, but not for any other purpose, or
in any other manner, whatsoei er, nor for a period ex-
ceeding tmo years after the expualion of the said term
of incorporation " Thus it expressly prohibits the
reissue of the bills, by confining the power of its
officers, after the expiration of the charter, to " the
final settlement and liquidation of the affairs and
accounts of the corpoi ation " Even if we had no
power to grant the charter, it by no means follows
that we cannot restrain them from doing what it
professed to authorise, if those things m their nature
involve the responsibility or credit of the Govern-
ment Again the Senator inquires where we get
the power to punish the acts made unlawful by the
bill. Sir, said Mr. C my answer is ready, my
mud is fully and conclusively made up- I derive
the power to punish in the cases contemplated from
the same source whence I derive the power to
punish other crimes against the Government, and
injurious to the welfare of our citizens—I derive
it from the Constitution.
Mr. C said he believed no Senator had objected
to the passage of the bill on any other ground than
its supposed unconstitutionality. There were, he
said, a number of banks in this District, which had
been chartered by Congress, whose charters no
doubt all contained the usual provision, that after
they had severally expired, no business should be
done under their authority than to wind up and set-
tle their affairs Could any one contend that Con-
gress had not power to pass laws to prohibit the
business of banking, and the reissuing of the bills
of any of these institutions, after the expiration of
their respective terms, under such penalties as were
calculated to restrain them' Were we to rely on
the good faith of those corporations alone, that they
would close their affairs according to the terms of
the laws to which they owed their existence1! This
would be strange, indeed1 It would be accordmgto
them, or to the individuals composing them, an
exemption fiom the ordinary frailty of our nature,
to suppose them incapable of a violation of law,
and would, in effect, be conceding to them a per-
petuity of privileges, if they desired it. If they
could be made to incur no penalty for continuing
the exercise of their privileges beyond the terms of
their charters, the grant being once made, for
whatever period, might be never-ending He said
he did not think gentlemen could be prepared to
assent to  such a doctrine
But, said Mr C the objection of unconstitution-
ality is mainly urged in reference to the lata Bank
of the United States It is said that the Bank hav-
ing been originally unconstitutional we conse-
quently have no pow er to pass any la  touching
its affairs. This objection, of course, must be con-
fined to those who believad Congress had no con-
stitutional power to create a national bank, for, if
we had that power, all must admit that it carried
with it all the incidental powers with regard to its
management, and the final settlement of its affairs
But, Mr. C. said, he saw no force in the objection
Senate.
in any point of visw; whether Congress had the
constitutional power to create a bank or not. Does
it follow that, because Congress Las not the consti-
tutional power to cause a given thing to be done,
that it has not power to restrain others from do-
ing the same thing, in the name, and by the aswmei
authority, of the United States? If we cannot con-
stitutionally cause bank notes to be issued and cir-
culated in the name and authority of the United
States, can we not restrain others from doing so,
when the manifest tendency is to deceive and de-
fiaud the community, by falsely assuming such
credit and authority' The States can pass laws,
inflicting the highest penalties lor forging or coun-
terfeiting any paper they may thmk proper to de-
scribe, in anticipation, falsely purpoiting to bind,
either their own Governments, or their individual
citizens. Could we not, by our enactments, pro-
hibit the like fraudulent and unauthorized use of
the name and credit of this Government, by in-
flicting such penalties as our discretion may indi-
cate to be proper, for making, uttering, or passing,
paper, purporting on its face to bind or involve the
liability of tins Government to any amount! Mr
C. thought, if we could not pass such a law, and
all who thought proper to forge or circulate any
description of paper, purporting to hind the United
States for money, or any thing else, could do so
with impunity, this Government was much more
imbecile than he had ever supposed it.
Mr. C. further said, on the assumption that the
late bank of the United States was unauthorized
by the Constitution—the term of its privileges
having expired—as it was the fault of the Govern-
ment that it ever had existence, the obligation to
restrain the reissuing, and again putting m circu-
lation its paper, purporting on its face to be upon
our authority and credit, was even heightened.
What, sir, said Mr C if Congress even unconsti-
tutionally authorize the issue, by any agents, of
paper purporting to be binding on the ciedit and
resources of tne Government, alter the time limited
for its existence has expired, and it has re'urned
io the hands of the same agents, whose duty it is
to cancel it, is it possible that we have no power
to prevent such agents from again throwing it into
circulation' If we employ certain agen's to do
an unconstitutional thing for a certain period, can
it be possible we have not power te prohibit the
same agents from repeating the same unconstitu-
tional acts afterwards, to our name, under any
sanction we may thmk proper? Sir, said Mr C.
I cannot believe it. All must admit, that if we
pass a constitutional law authorizing and requiring
certain acts to be performed, we may repeal such
act, and prohibit, under any penalty in our dis-
cretion, the doing the same acts-, under its pretended
authority, afterwards, and can it be possible that
there is so much more virtus m an unconstitu-
tional law, that, being once passed, we can never
never revoke or control the authority it merely
purported to impart1! This, sir, would involve the
absurdity of making an unconstitutional law better
and more obligatory than a constitutional one
Powers and rights under the latter may have an
end, but, once possessed under the former, they
are interminable.
Sir, to test still further the soundness of the pro-
position, that the law creating the late Bank of the
United States having been unconstitutional, we
have no power to control the agents employed in
its execution, I will, said Mr C submit this cas.e
for the consideration of Senators I assume it to
be unconstitutional for this Government to issue
mete bills of credit, but suppose Congress were,
notwithstanding, to authorize tne Treasurer, or any
other agent, to issue and throw into circulation a
certain amount ef them, which, after a limited
period, should cease to circulate, and, when re-
ceived by such officer or agent, be cancelled Be-
cause it was unconstitutional to ha\ e issued them
originally, will any man contend that we cannot
declare it unlawiul to reissue them, and impose
whatever penalty we thmk necessary and proper
to restrain it ? I think, said Mr. C. that no one
will deny us this power m the case supposed.
What difference is there in principle ' It cannot
be because they might be issued by the Tr asurj,
for we are equally authorized to direct them to b%
