230
25t;í Cong-
• 2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOÉÉ,
The late Duel—SrTr&ütéy.
ááíMé,
B;;ofE^g,
Thii  special authority was conferred on the com-
mittee, in the first instance, wiihout any previous
inve-tisatio i or inquiry. The House knew "by
common fame" what had occurred; and that is a
sufficient ground tojjroeeed upon in any legislative
body, in directing an investigation by witnesses.
The same manual of parliamentary law, which is
recognised by the standing rules of this House, to
which gentlemen have resorted, and on which they
rely, for their objection to this whole proceeding,
lays down the law upon this subject also: "Com-
mon fame is a good ground for the House to pro-
ceed by inquiry, and even to accusation."—Jeffer-
son's Manual,,page 133.
It was known, therefore, in a strictly parliamen-
tary way, m a strictly legal manner, for all the
purposes of instituting an investigation, that the
principals and the seconds, in the tragedy ordered
to be investigated, were exclusively members of
this House. This was known to every member of
this body, from common fame, and fiorn a printed
statement, published in the newspapers, under the
signatures of the seconds, in the hands of every
one. And the fact, that members of the House of
Representatives were involved, was spoken of in
the debate on the resolution of inquiry, and made
a ground of objection to the passage of that resolu-
tion. And now, sir, it is asserted that this fact is
the only one which this committee were authorized
to inquire into and report to the House; or, in
other words, that when the House adopted that re-
solution, it was a dead letter in all its pans, autho-
rized no investigation into the causes which led to
the death of Mr. Cilley, into the circumstances
which attended it, or into the breach of the privi-
leges of the House, which was involved in it; and
that all this was well known to more than three
fourths of the members of this House, who record-
ed their votes for the passage of that resolution.
This would seem to me to be an exceedingly fri-
volous, absurd and unaccountable proceeding if the
committee had no power. The House of Repre-
sentatives, well knowing, in a legal and parliamen-
tary way, that its own members were directly, prin-
cipally, and, perhaps, exclusively, involved in tj^
inquiry, did, notwithstanding, direct the investiga-
tion to be made into "the causes," "the circum-
stances," and "the breach of privilege;" did direct
the committee to repoit upon the whole subject-
matter of the investigation, and did clolhe them
with the power to send for persons and papers for
that purpose. The House, at the very outset,
granted the special authority, in the fullest manner,
"to inquire whether, in the case alluded to, there
had been a breach of the privileges of the House,"
which, necessarily, involved the inquiry, by whom
acts of violation had been committed. The whole
question of privilege had, at the outset, intentional-
ly and specifically, been referred to the committee,
and it had been worse than useless to have report-
ed to the House a fact which the House knew be-
fore, and to have obtained a new grant of the same
authority which the House had already granted.
But, sir, the various ordeis of the House, re-
ferring to this coramiiiee the great number of me-
morials, signed by more ihan twenty thousand citi-
zens, praying an investigation of the facts of ibis
transaction, and some of them praying an expulsion
cftke principal and the seconds, not only by descrip-
tion, but by name—praying expressly for the expul-
sion of Messrs. Graves, Wise and Jones—would
have conferred upon the committee full power to
investigate and repoit, had the resolution itself been
more limited in its terms. By those memorials, the
House referred to the cemmittee, for inquiry and
report, the transaction itself, which resulted in the
death oí Mr.CiLi.KT, the names of the principal and
the seconds involved in it, and the question whether
the prayer of those memorials, for their expulsion,
should be granted. That reference was equivalent
to an express order to investigate and report in re-
ference to the persons charged. Tüi  is one of the
most familiar principles of parliamentary law and
practice, illustrated by daily experience, and well
known to every member of any legislative body.
And yet the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr
Adams,] the boasted champion of the right oí pe-
tition, upon a subject clearly within the jurisdiction
of Congress^ upon memorials which he himself has
presented, seems, in effect, fcy his course, to deny
the power of a committee, charged with the con-
sideration of those memorials, lo report whether,
in their opinion, the prayer of them ouaht, or ought
not, to be g anted. If, sir, the committee had"not
that power, tf they had not the right to consider
the subject of the memorials referred to theft), in
its full length and breadth, and to report to the
House whether the prayer of the memorialists
should be granted or denied, the right of petition is
a mockery, the whole system of parliamentary
law and practice is but a name.
The committee, therefore, had full power, both
by the resolution of the 28ih of February, and by
the memorials referred to them, to examine this
matter, and to sift it to the bottom. They had the
most ample authority to report what were the
causes which led to the death of Mr. Cilley, what
were the circumstances which attended it, whether
the privileges of the House had been violated, who
were involved in their violation, and to propose any
measure for the action of the House, even to the
extent of expulsion. And when, in the course of
the debate on (he adoption of the original resolu-
tion, it was intimated that this was a perilous ser-
vice ; that those who engaged in it might find it
necessary to be aimed to the teeth ; I, for one, did
not feel at liberty to shun it, nor do I now feel dis-
posed to shrink from any part of the responsibility
consequent upon its performance.
The course pursued by the committee, on the
present occasion, is the same which has been pur-
sued in every other casa of privilege referred to a
committee, from the foundation ot the Government
to the present time.
The first precedent to which I will refer is that of
Humphrey Marshall, Senator from Kentucky, in the
year 1736. A memorial from certain members of
the Legislature, and a letter from the Governor of
Kentucky, showing that thai Senator had been
charged with fraud and perjury, were presented t >
the Senate of the United Sialis, and referred to a
committee, who were ordered "lo consider and re-
poit thereon lo the Señale." The committee re-
poited the fuels, their opinion therion.then reasons,
and what, in their view, should be the final action
of the Senate. They reported, in that case, that
"the memorial ought to be dismissed."
In the same year arose the case of James Gunn,
a Senator from Georgia, and Frederick Freling-
huysen, a Senator from New Jersey. The one had
sent, the other had borne, a challenge to Abraham
Baldwin, a member of the House of Representa-
tives from the Slate of Georgia, for a cause not
connected with his duly as a member. The corre-
spondence, which was presented to the House by
Mr. Baldwin, was, together with a letter from Mr.
Gunn, and une from Mr. Frelingliuysen, referred
to a commiitee, of which James Madison was
chairman. Mr. Madison made the report. The
committee, in this case also, reported the facts,
their opinion, iheir reasons, and what, in their
view, should b« the final action of the House.
They reported that the two Senators were guilty of
a breach uf privilege, that their apologies should be-
deemed satisfactory, and thai, ¡herelore, no fur-
ther proceedings were necessary: in all which the
House concurred.
The next year. (1797) arose the case of William
Blount, a Senator from Tennessee. A message of
the President of the United States, and papers ac
company ing it, relating to a certain letter, purport-
ing to have been written by Mr. Blount, were
referred to a select committee, to consider and re-
port v.-hat, in their opinion, it was proper for the
Senate to do thereon, and power was granted to
send for persons, papers, and recoicR in this case,
also, the committee reported the fads, their opi-
nion, their reasons, faid what should be the fund
action of the Senile. The resolution, which th y
reported, was in these word.-: "Resolved. That AVd-
liirn Blount, esq. one of the Senators of the United
States, having been guilty of a high misdemeanor,
i ntirely inconsistent with his public trust and duly
as a Senator, be. and he hereby, is expelled from
the Senate of the Uniicd Sta.!es." And this reso-
lution was considered in the Senate, witnesses were
examined, counsel were heard, and it was finally
I adopted by a vote of 25 to 1, and William Blount
was thereby expe'lterj frdm fita Wénate'of* ifié'Üinftá
States;   ,,  ,   '             ",.'„,.           '   \
ín 173S, a member oí this House insulted arie-
ther member in the presence ,«f the House. Mr.
Sewalli of Massachusetts, immediately,. in his
place, submitted' a resolution", " that 'Siat'thew
Lyon, a metriber of this House, for á violent attack
and gross 'indecency committed upon the person of
Roger Griswold, anó(her mernbgr,_ in the ,|)res<ince
of this House 'while sitting, "be, for this disorderly
behavior, espelled ¿herefrom." This motion was
referred to a committee, with ¡hsirucliohs to inquire
into the whole matter thereof, and to report the
same, with their opinion fhefeon, fó the House.
The committee did report the fact!, their opinion
thereon, and a resolution for* the .expulsion of the
offending member, arid recommended Its' adoption
by the House. The report was committed to a
Committee of the Whole House, witnesses were
heard, and the testimony reported to the House;
and while the trial was proceeding, or rather before
it had terminated, another case of privilege arose.
AJr. Griswold took the redress of his grievances
into his own hands, and a personal rencontre en-
sued just as the House was assembling. A resolu-
tion was immediately submitted by a member,
"that Roger Griswold and Matthew Lyon, lum-
bers of this House, for riolous and disorderly beha-
vior committed in the House, be expelled there-
from." This motion was referred to the same se-
lect committee, "with instructions to report their
opinion ihereupon to the House, together with the
evidence in waling upon which they formed their
report." They reported the evidence, with their
opinion that the resolution be disagreed to.
The case of Capt. James McKnight and Lieut.
Michael Reynolds occurred in the year 1S0O.   Tha
■President of the Uaited States  communicated to
thr House of Representatives a letter  from John
Randolph, jr. of Virginia, complaining of an insult
offered him by certain officers of the army or navy
for words sp'.ken in debate.    The message and the
letter were referred to a select committee, of which
Mr. Chauncey Goodrich of Connecticut was chair-
man.   They called witnesses, and heard the parties.
Commending the President highly, and censuring
Mr. Randolph severely, they reported the facts, the
evidence, their opinion, and their reasons, together
with resolutions for the final, action of,the House.
I will now call the attention oí the House, to the
proceedings of a committee, of which the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams) was chairman.
That gentleman has seen fit to denounce the course
of the select committee on the present occasion in
severe terms.   He  has seen fit to declare in his
place that they have committed a greater breach of
die privileges of this House, in making their report,
than any of which  (hey have complained; or, in
other language, greater than if their hands had
been imbrued in the blood of a fellow member; and
this charge- he has made against us, for following
the only unexceptionable part of the example which
he himself set for  us in his yuungerdays, some
thirty years ago, when he was  a member of the
other branch of Congress.    I will not deny that the
pieeedent which he furnished us on that occasion,
had some influence upon our course in discharging
the duty of making a report.    But there are other
parts of that precedent which our own sense of jus.
tice and propriety did not permit us to follow.    We
did not feel it to be our duty to call  the accused
member from the lobbies or from the promiscuous
crowd,   and   to   move that he be arraigned be-
fore the assembled  multitude, with ail eyes fixed
upon   him, to   hear  read   one  of the most ex-
traordinary  documents   to  be  found  upon our
legislative' annals—most extraordinary for its vi-
ioperative energy,   for   its   biting  sarcasms,  for
it.- withering invective, and its galling accusation! .
If'e did not pursue that mild and merciful course.
We did not deny the  accused the right to defend
himself before the committee, and insist that his
defence should be befóte the Senate only.    Wc
did not insist  that all  the rules of law in favor
of innocence, until guilt Svas established, were lo
be discarded.    We did not insist,that 'the accused
should be aspersed upon ex parlé evidence", should
be denied (he privilege  of Cross examining the
witnesses against him, or should be trieü'iiria cto'n-
