0
April 1838.
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i*M
Graduation of the price of public lands—Mr. Benton.
Senate,
demned upon proof, which the laws of every State
in this Onion, in a matter,of a penny's value, de-
clare to be no proof at all. We did not insist that
either House of Congress was a high tribunal, of
such exalted character and transcendent dignify
and importance, that all the principles of evidence,
and all the rules of law, which the wisdom of ages
had established for the protection of innocence and
the defence of the accused, were to be trampled
under foot, when a humble individual was on trial
for all that was most dear to him in life. Our
course,in all these respects,was exactly the reverse of
that pursued by the member from Massachusetts
[Mr. Adams] in the well known case of John
Smith, a Senator from Ohio. We adhered to the
rule's of law. We presumed innocence until guilt
was established. We held no man, acquitted by
the verdict of his peers, to be an acquitted felon.
We ailowed no ex parte evidence. We permitted
the parties implicated in a charge to be present,
to meet the witnesses against them face to face, to
cross-examine them in the most rigid manner, to
call witnesses in their own defence, to be witnesses
for each other and indirectly for themselves, and
finally presented the whole mass of the evidence on
all sides, simultaneously, to the House, and, through
it, to the country. We did follow the precedent of
the gentleman from Massachusetts in one respect,
though iff a somewhat different spirit. We reported
the facts, the evidence, our opinions thereon, our
reasons, and what, in our view, should be the final
action of the House. We reported, as he did, a
resolution for expulsion.
On the 27th of November, 1807, a resolution
was presented, which was adoped by the Senate,
"that a committee be appointed to inquire whether
it be compatible with the honor and privileges of
this House, that John Smith, a Senator of the State
of Ohio, against whom bills of indictment were
found at the Circuit Court of Virginia, held at
Richmond in August last, for treason and misde-
meanor, should be permitted any longer to have a
seat therein; and that the committee do inquire in-
to all the facts regarding the conduct of Mr. Smith
as an alleged associate of Aaron Burr, and report
the same to the Senate." That committee examin-
ed the evidence against the Senator, such as it-was;
and Mr. Adams, the chairman, in their behalf, re-
ported it with a summary statement of the facts,
with reasons and arguments, a resolution for the
expulsion of the offending Senator, andarecommen-
dation that'll be adopted by the Senate. I will
read the words of the resolution, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts,  [Mr. Adams,]   reported it:
" Resolved, That John Smith, a Senator from the
State of Ohio, by his participation in the conspi-
racy of Aaron Burr, against the peace, union, and
liberties of the people of the United Stales, has
been guilty of conduct incompatible with his duty
and station as a Senator of the United States: and
that he be therefor, and hereby is, expelled from
the Senate of the United States."
Upon this resolution, thus reported by the com-
mittee, John Smith was heard before tb.3 Senate,
by his witnesses and his counsel; and when the final
vote was taken upon its adoption, it did not pass
for the want of a single vote.
The case of Captain Isaac A. Cnles was in the
year 1809. He had assaulted General Nelson, a
member of the House from the State of Maryland,
in the north wing of the Capitol, after the House
had adjourned,- and for a cause not conneeted with
the duties of General Nelson as a member. A
committee was appointed to inquire into the
circumstances attending the occurrence, and to
report a statement of the facts, with their opinion
thereon. Governor Taylor of South Carolina was
chairman, and Mr. Pitkin of Connecticut was a
member, of this committee. They reported the
facts, the evidence, their opinion thereon, that Mr.
Coles had been guilty of a breach of privilege, that
his apology should be deemed satisfactory, and a
resolution alio that no further proceedings should
be had.
The case of Russell Jarvis, in 1828, who as-
saulted the private secretary of the President of the
United States while passing from the hail of th.s
House to the Senate chamber, although not the
ase ©f a member, is deserving of notice.   Mr.
McDuffie of South Carolina was chairman of the
committee. They heard the witnesses, and the
parties, by consent, reported a summary statement
of the facts, all the evidence, their opinion thereon,
and a resolution declaring Mr. Jarvis guilty of a
breach of privilege, deserving the censure of the
House, and that no further proceedings be had
thereon.
In the case of Lieutenant Lane, who assaulted
Mr. Ewing, a member of this House from the
State of Ohio, in the year 1835, the subject was re- .
ferred to a committee, who reported a summary
statement of the facts, together with the evidence;
but the Congress expiring in a few hours, they, for
that reason, recommended no action by the House.
In the case of the affray between two Reporters,
(Wheeler and Cedd,) in 1836, within this hall,
while the House was in session, the committee
reported the facts, the evidence, their opinions, and
resolutions for the final actioiwof the Hotwe.
The case of Mr. Ruggles of the Senate, so sadly
connected with the occasion of the present investi-
gation, is fresh in the recollections of all. The
committee there, aiso,Jiave reported the fact?, the
evidence, their opinions, and a rerolution for the
final action of the Senate.
Such has been the course of precedents. They
are uniform, invariable, extend through every pe-
riod of our political history, and it remains to be
seen whether they are all to be subverted to meet
the exigencies of the present moment. I only de-
sire that it may be known and understood by the
House, and by the country, that if, for the purpose
of suppressing this report, and getting rid of the re-
solutions of expulsion and censure, the whole sub-
ject shall be recommitted, with instructions, direct-
ly or indirectly to suppress them, it will be in open
violation of the whole practice and course of bo:h
Houses of Congress from the earliest to ihe present
time.
The review of this long coarse of precedent has
anticipated, and rendered unnecessary, what I had
intended to have said upon my third proposition.
It has been already seen that we have acted only in
conformity with precedent, in submitting resolu-
tions for expulsion, and censure. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] has relieved us
from any necessity of explanation. In his report
upon the case of John Smith, he says "The com-
mittee have never conceived tnemselves invested
with authority to try Mr Smith. Their charge
was to report an opinion relating to the honor and
privileges of the Senate, and the ftcis relating to
the conduct of Mr. Smith. Their opinion, indeed,
cannot be expressed in relation to the privilege of
the Senate, without relating, at the same time, k>
Mr. Smith's right of holding a seat in this body;
but in that respect the authority of ¡he committee
extends only to proposal, and not to decision."
And yet the committee, in that case, reported a
resolution for the expulsion of John Smith, and he
was heard, and tried, before the Senate upon that
resolution, though upon the final vote it did not
pass by the constitutional majority, and he was
therefore not expelled. The committee did not, in
the present case, conceive themselves invested with
authority to try the members accused. They
knew that their authority extended only to pro-
posal, and not to decision. They knew that the
trial, if trial there was, would be before the
whole House; that the first question would be
whether the members implicated had violated thf
privileges of the House ; and that the second ques-
tion would be, wbeiher they should !)e expelled or
censured therefor. They knew full well ihat the
committee, in presenting these resolutions, had
done no more than any one of them upon his indi-
vidual responsibility, or any other member of ¡he
House, might have done when this report was pre-
sented. It was not believed that the concur-
rence of four or seven in a proposition, which any
one of them was competent to make, upon a sub-
ject referred to them explicitly, would take from
them combined the power, which each one of them
separately possessed, even without the additional
grant of power.
The whole subject is under the control of the
House. They can modify these resolutions or re-
ject them.   They can proceed with the trial or re-
fuse to do so, npon the mptiotxét &nf «ember,,
They can get rid of Ú  r¡e*0*WÍ4,a9 and the trial
also, by referring them back £> iheiiommitiee, with
the report and the evidence, With itoSmetiOfa to
suppress them. Whatever-course is" ttete ¿the
committee have discharged a duty which A^y
neither sougfit nor shunned, and .it now festsiwth
the individual members of this Housej said they
¿re responsible to their constituents and to fee
country,                   •
PUBLIC LANDS—GRADUATION BILL 
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
Of Missouri,
In Senate, April 12,1838.—The "bill providing for
the reduction and graduation of the price of the
public lands" having been taken up for conside-
ration—
Mr. BENTON said he rose with peculiar gra-
tification to speak on the present occasion. The-
Graduation Bill was an oíd and favorite measure
of bis, commenced twelve years ago, prosecuted
with various specess, impeded sometimes by unex-
pected opposition, baffled at one period by the
scheme to distribute money among the Stales, but
never abandoned nor despaired of. Conscious of
the justice and rectitude of the bill, and a firrcf.be-
liever in the eventual friam/ii of ail that is moral-
ly and poliiically right, he had never suffered him-
self to be discouraged by opposition, or dishearten-
ed by defeat. He had always believed in the final
success of the bill, and the period for success
seemed now to be approaching.
The bill corner to us now under more favorable
auspices than it has ever done before. The Pre-
sident recommends it, and the Treasury needs the
money which it will produce. A gentleman of the
Oppo-"ition [Mr. Clay] reproaches the President
for inconsistency m mailing this recommendation ;
he says that he voted agamst it as Senator here-
tufore, and recommends it as President now. But
the gentleman forgets to teli us that Mr. "Van
Buren, when a member of the Senate, spoke in
favor of the general object oí the bill from th^
first day it was presented, and that he voted iii
favor of one degree of reduction—a reduction of
the price of the public lands to one dollar per-aere?
—the last session that he served here." Ear from
being inconsistent, the President, in this recom-
mendation, has only carried out to their legitimate
conclusions the principles which he formerly ex-
pressed, and the vote which he formerly gave.
The bill, as modified on the motions of the Se-
nators from Tennessee and New Hampshire
[Messrs. Grundy and Hubbard] stands shorn of
half its original provisions. Originally it embraced
four degrees of reduction; it now contains but two
of those degrees. The two last—the fifty cent,
and the twenty-five cent reductions, have been cut
off. I made no objection to the motions of those
gentlemen. Í knew them to be made iu a friend-
ly spirit; I knew also. that the success of their
motions was necessary to (he success of any part of
the bill. Certainly I would have preferred the whole
—would have prefered the four degrees of reduc-
tion. But this is a case in which the homely
maxim applies, that half a loaf is better than no
bread. By giving up half the bill, we may gain
the oiher half; and sure I am that oar constiiuems
will vastly prefer half to ochtog. The lands may
cow be reduced to one doliai for those which have
been five vears in market, and to seventy-five
cents for tho e which been ten years ia market.
Tne rest of the bill is relinquished lor the present,
cot abandoned for tver. The remaining degrees
of retluetion will be brought forward hereafter,
and with a better prospect of success, after the
lands have been picked and culled over under the
prices of the present bill. Even if the clauses bad
remained which have been s-'iuck out, on the mo-
tions of the gentlemen from Tennessee and New
Hampshire, it would have been two years from
December next, before any purchases could have
been made under them. They weie not to take
effect until December, 1840. Before that tima
Congress will twice sit again; and if sha pres#8t
