29á_________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOSE.
25th Cong-'-'Smd Sess.                        Graduation oftheprice of public lands—Mr. Benton.
April V&3S.
Senate.
bill passes, ?nd is lound to work well, the enact-
ment of the present rejected clauses will be a mat-
ter of course.
The bill will operate, not upon the whole body
of the lands of the United States, but on compara-
tively a small part • seventy millions of acres is
the nominal amount which the bill will reach, but
in íeality its effect will be confined to half that
quantity We have authentic reports upon this
subject, made under the íequisition of the Senate,
by the registers and receivers of all the land dis-
tricts These officrs were tequired to report upon
the quantity, quality, and value of the unsold lands
withm their respective districts. These reports
were made several years ago, and exhibited-this
result the whole quantity of unsold lands, then
remaining unpurchased at $1 25 per acre, was
seventy-one millions ot acres; of that quantity,
thirty-four millions of acres were returned as unfit
for cultivation and worth nothing, the remaining
quantity was reported at varions and average
prices, trom eight or ten cents per acre up to the
Government price. The quantity of land then,
on which this bill can operate, will be about thuty-
five millions of acres, and the quality will be the
refuse of sales, donations, and many years'
cullmgs and picking*. Nominally the bill is to
apply to lands «hich have been ñve years, and
ten yeais, m maikei, in point ol fact it applies to
those which have been twenty, fifty, a hundred,
and even a hundred and fifty years in market,
and that not merely at ¡j-,1 25 per acre, but,inmany
instances as a meie donation Take the case of
Missouri. The Spanish Government was esta-
blished in. Upper Louisiana in 1764—say seventy-
five years ago—and the lands were offered as a
free grift to the settlors At the change of Govern-
ment in 1804, the same lands were picked by
head rights and settlement rights, and when the
land system of the United States was brought to
bear upon it, it was again picked over, first by pre-
emptions, then at public auction, and afterwards
at private entry. Thus, these lands have been
picked for three quarters oí a ccntuiy, and unrier<
three diif reRt soveieignties—the French, Spanish,"
and Amencan—not in fact over the whole State,
but ovei a great pail The concessions under the
French and Spanish Govtrnments extended four
hundred miles up and down ihe Mississippi, with n
the present limits of the Slate ot Missouri, and
above a bundled miles back from the river In
Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, Florida, and
some parts of Arkansas, a good part of their lands
have actually been picked over for a century and
a quauer The French and Spanish settlements
commenced in tnose places about the year 1700,
and the best lands were disposed of by donations
ulider the bountiful system of free gifts which pre-
vailed under the Kings of Franca and Spam In
Illinois, Indiana, and Michigan, there are lands
which have been picked for a century and a half—
since theyearl6ri0—when the French firsttookpos-
session o( these countries The same countries
have since been picked under our system of auc-
tions, pre-emptions, and private entries; and it is
not only unjust in itself, but detogatory to the Re-
publican Government of the United States to be
holding up the íefuse of these lands—the mere
remnants and relics, the offal and leavings, the
dregs and lees—of so many years' pickings and cul-
lmgs, at one dollat and twenty-five cents per acre
This is the quantitv, and tins the quality, of the
lands on which the bill will operate—about tlinty
five millions of acres, the rtsiduum of yeais and
centuues' donations and sales, and scattered over
nine States and two Territories. If the whole
quantity lay m a body, it would make but an in-
considerable extent, but it is scattered over almost
a boundless legion—scattered in detached parcels
from the Gulf of Mexico to the Northern lakes,
and from the Atlantic coast of East Floi ida to the
frontiers ot Texas.
Everv interest which can be brought to bear on
the subject requires these lands to be immediately
sold, and to «ell them, the pnce must be reduced to
their "value. It is due to the Federal Treasury—to
tbe State Governments—and lo the whole body ot
the agricultural community. The Treasury is
empty, made- so by a distribution of twenty-eight
millions of the public moneys among the States,
and the deferred payment oí nine millions due from
merchants and banks. It is empty, and must be
replenished. Loans and Treasury notes are both
humiliating resources, and are only justifiable as
temporary expedients The thirty-five millions of
acres of refuse lands is the natural and adequate
reliance of the Treasury in this emergency. At
reduced prices they would sell immediately, and
foi a respectable sum. They he m the setiled
parts of the States, mixed among the farms, and
ate desirabl  for their locality, if not for then in-
trinsic value. They would be purchased imme-
diately at prices adapted to their value, and would
throw several millions into the Tieasury m a few
months. Fifteen or twenty millions might be ex-
pected from them m two years if the graduation
was complete, down to twenty-five cents. To the
new States the sales of these lands ait? necessary to
the completion of iheir sovereignty within, then-
own limit*. The unsold public lands are exempted
from their jutisdicuon—as'much so as if thsy be-
longed to the Indians They pay no tax, they con-
tribute nothing to the suppoit of the Slate Govern-
ment, they are desert bairiers between settlements
Every reason which required the extinction oí the
Indian title within the limits ol the States, also re
quires the extinction ot the Fedeial title. Under
the Fedeial title the lands are useless to every party,
they contubute nothing to taxation, to cultivation,
to improvement Federal dominion ovet land is a
banen sceptre, untlei which nothing grows, indivi-
dual ownership is Ihefiuitful sceptie which makes
the soil available for every public and toi every
piivate benefit No State should feel its sove-
reignty complete while the Federal Government
wields a batren sceptie over any part of its soil
Every one should labor for the evlmction ol the
Federal title, and every one has so laboicd Nu-
merous are the memorials which have been loi-
warded to Congress on this subject The Gia-
duauon lull is the leasiblc mode ot accomplish-
ing this great objecl, and m favm ot thit
bill, the Legislattiics ol Indiana, Illinois, Missouii,
Michigan, Arkansas, Louisiana, Alabama, and
Mississippi, besides th Telntones,have repeated-
ly sent us thóir memorial, Nevci ha  there been
so geneial and so lasting a concurrence in favor of
any one mcasuie among s0 many States. Surely
something is due to the wishes of so many Slates,
so unanimously and so peiserenngly presented to
us To the farmers anil cultivators of the soil, the
passage of ihe bill is eminently due It is due to
the whole hodv of the cultivator, whether rich oi
poor, whether with oi without land at present.
Some gentlemen treat it as a mere relief to the
pooi—as a plan merely lo supply the poor with
homes That is .1 partial and imperfect view, it
is only true m part Doubtless many poor will
theieby obtain homes, and become freeholders,
who would otherwise have lrmam^d tenants, but
there is no propriety in itquumg from a nch man
double oi treble its value for a piece of refuse
land which is necessary to complete his farm,
or to supply him with wood, or water, or pasture,
or to give him a quarry of stone, or the posses-
sion ot which i  merely necessary as an outlet,
or to keep off a bad neighbor Many are
the persons of considerably property to whom
these parcels of refuse lands will be desirable for
these purposes, and from whom it would be uncon-
scionable to demand double or treble pnce merely
because they ate able to pay it It may be as-
sumed, without the fear of contradiction, that there
will not be a first rito quarter section of land to b 
sold out of the wnole thirty live millions of aere^
on winch this bill will operate There will not be
one m which there i-, not i. mixture of sterile, or
i broken ground, unfit ior cultivation Our surveys
aie all mide to the caidmal points, the lines g>
straight torward, without reaard to good oi bad
I land, the cornels a'-e made at given distances,
| without regard lo soil Often a paich of good lanei
J s cut into two parts by a line, often it i, thrown in-
i to three or lour <hffeie"t quarter sections by a cor-
| ner made m the middle <ai it Creeks and branches
, m ly have narrow bottoms of good soil, bordered
I by steep hills unfit for cultivation, and bodies of
good land may be cut up by imes and corners.   In.
ail such ca-ses, while a poor man may Had space
lor his small field on a single quarter section, yeta,
man of some property must purchase four or live
quarter sections to combine as much soil fit for
cultivation as his force requires. To demand a
dollar and a quarter all round for such land, is to
demand foui or five dollars an acre for all that is
fit for use. The rich and the poor, then, are both
interested in this bill. It concerns the whole agn-
cultmal population of eight States and two Terri-
tories. It concerns the farmers and planters of
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida; of
Arkansas, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Michigan,
Wisconsin, and a part of Ohio* It is a bill which
will carry benefits, and give satisfaction, to a
greater number of States, and to a greater number
of individuals, than any bill which ever came be-
fore Congress. The eyes of one-third of the Union
are upon'tis, watching the issue of this bill, to Ihem
the most important measure which ever came be-
foie Congress1
This, then, is a bill ioi the benefit of the agn-
cultuial part of the community, and is it not right
that something should be done for the benefit of
that numtious and meritenious class1 Few know
the value ol then labor to the country? Few cal-
culate the amount, small in the detail, but enormous
in the aggregate, of then meritorious labels. I see
in a íeport ol the Secietary of the Treasury, made
to Congiess at the commencement of the present
session, that the biead alone consumed^ in the
United States, estimated at the low rate of three
cents a day of each individual, is worth one hun-
dred and twenty-four millions of dollars. This
c omes fiom the agricultural class, and is only one
nem in the long list of its productions. The meals
may be deemed of equal value with the bread.
rI hen comes the food for all the domestic animals,
nn 1, alter that, the animals themselves, of almost
me-tunable \alue The cotton, the wool, the hemp,
the 11 ix, the leathei, which furnish the material for
the raiment oí the grea'er pan oí fifteen millions
ol souls, come trom their hands After all this,
theie is an annual surplus of a hundred millions
el dolíais of exportable productions, to be sent
abroad to foreign climes, to bring back the com-
forts, the luxuries, the. necessaries of life from all
foreign nations, with gold and silver, and healing
medicines. The same exportable productions, in
the leturn form of foreign merchandise, pay ihe
taxes which support the Government Upwards of
eight hundred millions of taxes have been derived
from that source, all bottomed upon the productive
industry ot the faimer. Nor is this all. The
manufacturer, the navigator, and the merchant,
find their occupation in the productive industry of
the cultivator of the earth. The factory is fur-
nished with its material, and the ship with its
freight, from the labor of his hands. The opulent
merchant, who counts his wealth by millions, has
derived his estate from the mere filtration oí the
farmer's productions through his hands; and the
banker, with his bales of paper money, what would
he be were it not for the annual millions of gold
and silvei which the exported productions of the
earth cause to be brought into our country' Con-
fining oui estimate lo the direct annual product
from agriculture, its annual product m food and
raiment to man, and food for beasts, and in
exports, and one thousand millions of dolíais
may not exceed its value ' All other interests put
together are insignificant, compared lo this great
one Compare the faimer with the banker, now
the object ot so much legislative care and enco-
na, nm in our country He produces no hing. He
lakes an old handkerchief, wo n out in service, has
it mido into silk paper, cuts ns up into hale s„ps,
aid spiinkles it over with figutes for dolíais In
this wav these chenshed and exalted characters
have made what is called about a hundred millions
of dollars. Grant that it is really a hundred mil-
lions—that every paper dollar is good for a real
dollar—what then? why, the whole is only the
tenth part of the annual product of the cultivation
of the earth' The whole is only worth thirty-six
days' labor of the agricultural interest! But their
hundred millions of paper is not worth dollar for
dollar; vaat defalcations will be encountered when
the day of realization arrives, and if three-fourths
