April 1838.____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.           ___________293
25th ContG"«'2n]> Sess.                         Graduation of the p ice of public lands-^Mr. Benton.                                                    Senate.
are made good, it will be a happy deliverance for
the country. Peradventure the whole of the bank
notes now afloat in this Union are not worth
twenty-five days' labor of the agricultural class ;
yet this class can scarcely conciliate -a majority
for a pre-emption law, or a graduation law, while
the support and applause of the banks command
the first cares and labors nf the legislative bodies.
Besides their productive industry, the-agricul-
tural class is the great fountain and nursery of
the Republican spirit. Other laboring classes di-
vide that noble prerogative with them ; still, from
the vast superiority of their numbers and the pecu-
liar adaptation of their occupation to the cultiva-
tion of the independent spirit of man, the cultiva-
tors of the earth must be looked upon as the great
and perennial fountain of that Republican spirit
which is to maintain and perpetuate our free insti-
tutions. Gentlemen of the Opposition affect a
great alarm for the overthrow of the Republic by
military chieftains. Let them moderate their ter-
rprs. Let them remember that no conquering gen-
eral ever overturned the civil institutions of his
country until the faction, corruption, and venality of
politicians had first rendered them odious and con-
temptible; and let them see in the productive classes
of the United States,—the laborers of all kinds as
well as the agriculturalists,—the incorruptible mass
which will long save our country from that fate.
The Roman Senate had been twice bribed by Ju-
gurtha,—an African and almost a negro,—Cato
had been defeated for the consulship by Clodius,—
before Ceesar marched his legions to the capital.
Let us cherish our productive classes; let us pro-
mote their independence; let us multiply our free-
holders and all the producers. Let us enhance the
consideration of him whose labor draws wealth
from the earth, and from its mines—from the
forests and from the waters—and of him whose
skill and industry imparts a new value to whatever
the earth, the sea, the forest, and the mines pro-
duce. Let us cherish and advance these classes,
and far distant is the day when a Gsesar, a Crom-
well, or a Buonaparte is to be feared in our Ame-
rica.
This bill is one of the means, and the most
essential one ever brought before Congress, for
advancing the agricultural interest. The'pre-emp-
tion bill which passed the Senate some weeks ago,
does much for them; but the benefits of this bill
will be far more extensive and d.flusive. It will
reach thousands where the other will reach
hundieds. And now, what are the objections to
this measure? What are the objectionslo it? For
the human mind is so constructed that there must
be variations of opinion upon every subject, and
more or less opposition to every measure. This
beneficent bill is opposed! Called for by the
united voice of the whole West, it is opposed by
the voice of a single Western State! The gentle-
men from Kentucky [Messrs. Clay and Critten-
den] oppose it; the undivided phalanx, of Senators
from Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Michigan,
Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and
.Tennessee, support it. Kentucky stands alone in
he Great West, sole opponent, on this floor, to
this great Western measure!
And what are the objections which are brought
forward? What are they? Are they such as have'
any foundation m reason, in fact, or in propriety?
Is there any Senator who argues that sterile land
is as valuable as fertile—that the last choice is as
good as the first—that ridges, hills and swamps,
knobs and mountains, arid prairies, pine barrens,
post oak flats, stony points and brushwood jungles—
the refuse of scores of years' of sales and dona-
tions—is there any Senator to stand up and main-
tain the affirmative of these propositions, and to
justify, upon the principle of a uniformity of value,
the uniformity of price, for all these varieties of soil?
No, sir: no one is found to stand up and expose
himself to such a glaring absurdity. Other reasons
must be sought for. The region of imagination—
the field of wild conjecture—the visionary creations
of fancy, must be resorted to, in order to conjure up
something that can be paraded before the Senate.
In this far distant search alter arguments, a motley
array of baseless reasons has been gathered into
he service, the whole of then  invalid, and a part
of them such as  would discredit  the political
economy of boarding school misses.
It is assumed that the Federal Treasury is to
lose a quarter of a dollar an acre upon every acre
of land that is sold for one dollar; and fifty cents
per acre upon all the sales for seventy-five cents;
and so on through the whole scale of graduation.
This is assumed; and then an imposing table of
calculations is made out, and presented to the Se-
nate, exhibiting tens of millions and hundreds of
millions of dollars to the loss to the Treasury. It
is difficult to reply to such objections without using
language which the moderation of parliamentary
debate forbids." -In the first place, the assumption
is absolutely unfounded! It is an absolute error in
point of fact! for these refuse lands are not worth
a dollar and a quarter an acre; and, .therefore,
there is no loss in selling them for less. Even if
they should be worth some cents more in the acre
than they are sold for, the Government becomes
the gainer by passing them into private hands, to
pay taxes to the State, to contribute to the
mass of cultivation and to #¡& quantity. of
productions for home consumption, or for ex-
portation. It would be true wisdom in the Go-
vernment to make a donation to every cultiva-
torxif as much as would make him a reasonable
farm. But gentlemen say, keep the land long
enough and it will bring the dollar and a quarter.
This, again, is untrue in point of fact, and is un-
just and unwise in paint of policy. Some of these
lands will never rise to §1 25; others will not rise
in centuries; in the mean time the actual value of the
land, at simple interest, is sunk every sixteen years,
and the States are injured for want of them. The
actual value has already been lost two or three
times over in the loss of the interest upon so much
dead capital.
Sinking the price of all lands all over the Union,
is another of the fine objections brought forward
against this bill. It is pretended that it will have
a universal effect on the price of property; that it
will reduce the value of real estate in every part of
the United States, and that every landholder will
find his «state diminished in proportion to the re-
duction which this bill makes in the price 'of the
refuse public lands. Sir, this is an, argument to
fear and avarice. It is an argument to alarm
landholders in the old Skates, and to work upon
their sense of interest in opposition to a sense of
light. It is an absurd and ridiculous attempt to
frighten and seduce the people of- the old States.
Why, sir, who ever heard of the price of good land
being governed by the price of bad land? This bill
operates only on the refuse, and it does not bring
that refuse as low as the price of such refuse now
is in every State of the Union. Go into any State,
no matter what one, and you will find millions,
and in some Slates tens of millions, of acre?, which
can be purchased for less than a dollar and a quar-
ter an acre—for less than a dollar—less than
seventy-five cents, or fifty cents, or twelve and a
half cents! and millions of acres for which no price
at all can be obtained. This is a truth which
eveiy Senator knows; and, therefore, every Senator
must feel the absurdity of the argument which is
brought forward. Philosophers fell us that a pea
thrown into the Atlantic ocean will disturb the
equilibrium of the waters on the coast of China;
but no navigator has ever reported that his ship
was endangered by such a disturbance. So of this
objection. Orators here affirm that it will affect
the price of real estate all over the Union; the
event will prove that it will have no more eficct
upon the price of land in the Atlantic States than
ihe pea iii the Atlantic ocean would have upon the
sailing of Chinese junks in the Gulf of Tonquin.
The derangement of the whole landed system of
the United States, is another of these objections
brought forward to impede the passage of the bill,
and is about as'well-founded as ah the i est. It
has no foundation at all! not even a particle of
truth to rest upon! The change of price -has no-
thing to do with the structure of the land system.
The system consists of the scientific mode of sur-
veys—the land offices—and the patents derived
ftom the United States. These compo&g the sys-
tem, and the bill before us touches none of these
things.   It affects the price only, and in that it only
follows the act of 1820—that act which reduced
the price of lands from two dollars to one dollar
twenty-five cents per acre. It follows that act,
which no one pretended was an overthrow oí the
land system. It follows that act; bat.does not go
its length; for the proposed reductions are not equal
to the redaction then actually made. The reduc-
tion was then seventy-five cents in the acre; ir is
only proposed now to make reductions of twenty-
five cents, and of fifty cents in the acre. The bill
then has an example in our own legislation which
answers the objection now brought forward; and it
is to be remembered that the reduction of 1820 was
opposed by the same arguments, and", so far as they
remain in Congress, by the same persons, who op-
posed the reduction of 1820.
The loss of their population, by the old States,
is another of these fine objections. Elaborate ta-
bles of comparison between the increase of popu-
lation in the old and thj new States are exhibited
here; and the balance is shown to be to the preju-
dice of the old ones. It is shown that they are
losing their population—that the new States are
out-growing them—and that it is necessary to-keep
up the price of public lands in order to slacken the
tide of this emigration. Sir, this is a strange ob-
jection. It is anti-national, anti-social, and anti-
Western! It is an argument founded in sectional
feelings, and calculated to array the old States
against the new ones. It is an argument which
turns its back upon the West, and caters to ihe
jealousy of the East! It is an argument which
counteracts the genius of our Constitution, and
goes to array one half of the Union against the
other. By the genius of our Constitution, the
whole Union is considered as one country, and the
right of every citizen is fully acknowledged to pro-
mote his happiness, and to better his condition if
he can, by pursuing his own notions of his own
interest; but by this objection the West is con-
sidered as an alien country! and the inhabitants of
the Eastern States are contemplated as Russian
serfs, attached to the soil of the lords puratnount,
and without the privilege of removing from it
without the permission of their feudal barons. It
is an objection which smells strongly of the high
tariff system.
Such are the best of the objections urged against
this measure; and these being the best, how mise-
rable must be the remainder! Too miserable,
Purely, to merit a moment's consideration. Yet
there is one which cannot be overlooked, though it
is difficult to see with what propriety it was dragged
into the debate. It is that famous Treasury Order
of July 11th, 1836; which, in addition to its benefi-
cial effects in favor of the public Treasury, has
operated as a PRE-EMPTION LAW in favor of
settlers and cultivators. That noble order drove
the speculators, with their bank facilities—with
their bales and bundles of bank notes—it drove
them out of the field! It freed the settlers and cul-
tivators from the competition of these harpies—the
only com petition which they have to fear; for no
HARD MONEY MAN ever bids against a settler
to take his home and his improvements for nothing.
It is the PAPER MONEY SPECULATOR who
performs that operation; and, therefore, the Trea-
sury order, which expelled these speculators from
the field, relieved the settlers and cultivators from
their only dangerous competitor, and secured to
them their homes and settlements at Government
prices. As long as that noble order is maintained,
just so long will the settlers and cultivators of the
soil be free from the competition of speculators,
and actually blessed with the main advantages of
a general, permanent, and universal pre-emption
law.
It is to no purpose that politicians, or specula-
tors, or those interested in the banks, shall cry out
against that order as imposing a hardship on the
settler—as compelling him to purchase specie at a
premium to enter land. Even if he had to do so,
he would still gain by the operation; for it would be
a great gam by paying two or three per cent, to get
rid of the competition of a bank facility specula-
tor, to whom fifty or a hundred dollars, more or
less, in the price of a quarter section, is no object
at all. The two or three per cent, frees him from
a competition which might cost him fifties or hun-
