SQ4____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________May, I85£,
25th Covg-...2\t> Siss.                       Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr Clay, ÍFnght, Calhoun.                                                   S$wate<
dreds of dollars But it is not so The faimer,
the cultivator, and the setter, has no money but
good money lit! lakeo cate to have hard money
for the produce of In íai I labor He has the haid
money any way, and his no business with treach-
erous piper Seven millions of dollars in gold and
sil/er paid into the land offices last year, and the
whole of it by cultivators, attests the fac hty with
which the fanning interest can suoply themselves
wito hard money Noiwiihstanding the stoppage
of the banks, seven millions w ere paid without
difficulty last year A fai greater sum can 1 e paid
without difficulty 'his \ear, and next year, and
eveiyjen to come The specie m the country
was estimated at eighty millions last year, it now
exceeds ninety millions, and it will exceed one
hundred millions before Cnnstmas Never did
gold and silver flow so last as at the piesent mo-
ment into the eountiy The gold b il, and the haid
money policy of General Jackson, are now tuum-
p*iant over the sneers and machinations of banks
and politicians, and are sa'uratmg the land with
the precious metals Eveiy firmer can now have
all his pioduc'ions paid for in hard money, and it
is his own fault, and it may be his own sorrow, if
he does not To attack the Treasury order, is to
attack the shield and cegis of the lanners' To ic
voke that order ts toremoic their protection, unl
to lay them open to the competition of sp-i nlatois
To reetue the notes i f the oanks for lands, is to
give thiiorfif to tae Inn ^s which is denied to the
citizens, for what is a bank note but a pioimssorv
note to pay monev? Far better would ¡t be to
credit the farmers, if any cred t is to be given far
better would it be to take then p-omissoi y no'es1
for the farmers would ne\ei combine, as thf  banks
have done, to dishonor their notes, and to leave
the Government without tevenue
Mr C co icluded with presenting the bill as a
measure emphaticrllv lor tne bene lit oí tlie agri-
cultural mteiest—that great interest, which he de-
clared to be#the foundation of all nation ü prospe-
rity, and the backbone, and subsnaumi ot every
other interest—«Inch was, in die boil} politic,
iront rank for service, and lear rank fn iciiml—
whieh bore neany ill the bn dims oTjrvtmn nt
while earning the Gove mirint < n tsback—vv ncli
was the fiuntnn of ^(o 1 pro Ijction, i Ml it was
the pack hor e ot buitheis-, arc)         Iroid  snoul
ders which leceivr 1 nmily all 1 > s"s—ispmlh
lrom b<o\en bank 1 nisi ill ns loi thtm an 1,
in vf ting lor it, he had hut one relict, i id tint
was, that it did not go lar enough—that il aa« rot
eqiuJ lo then mti Is
MR CLAVS RESOLUTION
DEBATE  IN  THE SENATE,
WEDN^rjAr, May "> 18 53
On motion ot Mr CLAY ol K>ntui k> tne iol-
lowmg lcsolution, submitted by him, w is taken
li i, and itad the seer tid time
Resolved 61/ the Sale te in! iíousa f >le¡ itsen-
i dues of the hmted Stitc? ofJncttct irt ( cm^irs?
ass nblett, That no d scnmir-ui n shad bt m 11  as
to the cuiienrv ir mdnnof pavrm it 11 (lie se
■veil! brinches of he public levenue, oi in bb s. or
dues to the G )' ei nme it, and that, until oih i w ise
oid^ied by Con^r^ss, the noi>s < Í sonn I banks
wh eh Ta payaole anl paid on den n lit >|y>li<nl
currency of the Tin tcrt St • s, i >r •ititillt. re-
strictions, to be forthwith pie ono'l an! pm™im-
gated bv the Sucre ary of tlie Tr asm , sin 11 o  re-
cen edm pigment o1 'he avenue a id c' cVo s , nd
d íes to tae Government, ana sha ^ s J> querifl v
disoursed, in ecurs  Li pubic o\) "u 1 tu c, to all
pu ilic «editors, who are will ng to  ec ue then
Mr Will OrHT moved to reler i o thr toat-
mittee ou I in nee
Mr CLAfol fienfucky saic1 if the en-or^om
New York Moa'd assigr any sufl e en r tsop 'ir
the leference, he wouid not ooject to n f le reso-
lution, he said, or son e meas ¡e like it, «as not
only called for by tie s mat 01 of tne country but
lis adoption would be attended ' _, 14e r>*o * nracu-
cal benefits It contained Hvo principes first, to
do away with a'l discnmmatioi m the pajmmt i f
the revenue, whether derived from the land" or the
customs, and as, on that subject, the Senate had
already expressed its opinion by an almost unani-
mous vote, he could not see the necessity of a refe-
re tice of it. The second provision was that, until
otheiwise ordered by Congress, tha notes of sound
and specie-paying banks shall be received and paid
out in the receipts and expenditures of the Govern-
ment. Now it appeared to him that that principle
v as so simple that every Senator could comprehend
it, and therefore, there was no necessity for refer-
ring it He was only anxious for a speedy action
on the subject.
Mr WRIGHT had no objection to state the
views which governed htm in making this motion,
and he hoped thty would induce the Senate to
think that the matter was not so clear as the Se-
nator from Kentucky supposed. He was well
awaie that the first branch of the resolution was
in term*, such as the Senate by a strong vote in-
corporated in the bill m relation to the finances
sent to the other House, and -it seemed to him that
would supersede the necessity of a repetition of it,
in sending it again# the House That, however, was
not the question. The last clause of the resolution
was on a subject that had constituted part of the
legislation ot the country, from the commence-
ment of the Government, and it did seem to him
lh.it in elimination was proper, to see how lar the
resolution would conflict with the ex sting laws
Tne íesolution proposed to go much firthei than
an> act of Congress had ever gone But ue well
kn >vv that we have recently passed laws on the
subject, (the deposite bill of 1836,) in reference to
notes that may be received He recollected in
]S*M, whin the political friends of the gentleman
had predominance m the Senate, provisions were
passed in reference to bills to be leceived by it, and
now (lit provision is that the bills shall not unly be
received, but paid by it How far it was designed
b} the resolution to repeal all former hgislation,
without saving so, in terms, he did not know, but
it was quite certain that an inquiry to sec how lar
the resolution would rmifliet with the existing laws,
«as highly nectssaiy. No act oí Congiess has
ever made it imperame on the Treasury to receive
md pay out binl  lulls as contemplated by the reso-
lution In proposing the reference, Mr W did
not v ish to delay the action ot the Senate on the
resolution He was only for satisfying himself
and others on the points he had adveited to
Mr (.'LAY of Kentucky said he h¿d attended
my respecifully to all that had betn said by the
Vml )i Irotn New York, and he ovned that he
hid heard nothing to satisfy him of the propriety ot
a reference Mi C then went into in aigument
to show the expediency ot passing the isolation.
Nou he said was the accepted time lo act, and to
signity to the whole country that there was no in-
tention to persevere in a course oí discrimination
n ith reaird to the money to be received m pay-
mi nt oí the revenue
Mr AVRI&H V did not design to protract the clis-
en sio i      fie would say one or two words in an-
wirto th Sen uor from Kentucky      The first de-
sun   in  pissing  the tesolution, was to sustain the
!     Ism  icsuming specie payments    The banks
d New Yoi c had  resumed, an 1 he discovered by
public pipers, lo it several of the bank  of Boston
h d   al o  resumed,   and he  discovered  from   the
sime   ourcc  &r information, that  the collector of
tl   ou't ins and the post office weie leceivmg their
I nut'        Tie rc-olu'ion would,  therefore,  do  no
j  <-n l,foi the notes >1 the  banks that have resumad
are r ceived and disbursed, precisely as they were
belort  the «ixspensioti ofsneeie pajmems
Mi CLAY a i I to j"dpis and that the notes
ot tuese are received and di bursed b} th  public
a op's
Mr WillGHTsnd so he understood by the pa-
pers, an!, so 'ar as Le was concerned, he would
uncu receive and nay out the notes of all sound
an   specie-paying banks     But it woul 1 be ¡n vam
I for the Government to issue a notice in advance,
| tn <t tne Government wouid receive the notes, till
]   he banks put tVmsehes m a position to render
i 'i «"i rcctuable under the existing laws    He could
i i ot agree  that  the Senate should legislate with
relvaier to bank note , and put them on the same
footing with onr own paper    One objection te the
resolution had been confirmed by the remarks of~
the honorable Senator; and that was, that ail the
money to be received, from New York, for instance,
in bank paper, was te be (Usbnrsed in whatever
portion of ihe country disbursements were to be
made. Then what position did you put the coun-
try in? You mast send the New York bank Botes
to the extreme South; and there,  f the public credi-
tor refuses them, he must be paid in specie, which
is to be transported there at great trouble and ex-
pens*. This might be a very .great advantage to
the New York banks to compel thsir notes to be
paid out for one-half the expenditures of the Go-
vernment. He would detain the Senate no longer,
but ask for the yeas and nays on the question.
The yeas and nays were accordingly ordered.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, said it appeared to him
that the reference was urged, not for the purpose of
an examination into the merits of the resolution,
but for the purpose of opposing it altogether. The
Senator tells us, said Mr C. of the resumption of
the banks of New York, and says that, therefore,
the resolution with regaid to them is unnecessary.
Now, the resumption of the New York banks was
not in consequence of their ability to resume, but of
the law of that State, which made it imperative on
them to do so by the 9th or 10th. There was a
wide difference between actual resumption and the
nominal resumption of the New York banks, not
venturing to put out their notes. But it seemed the
collector and postmaster was doing what the reso-
lution proposed they snould do—that they were do-
ing, without law, what he proposed they should do
in consequence of law As to sending the notes of
New York to the extreme South er West, to pay
them out for the expenditures of the Government,
it would be a bungling operation He supposed the
Government might authorize some one to draw for
them on New York, and the drafts would sell for a
heavy premium Mr C spoke of the great bene-
fits that would result to New York lrom the mea-
sure, and concluded by expressing the opinion that
nothing but the establishment of a National Bank
would effectually remedy the evils of a disordered
euirency, and that without it, the country would
be perpetually exposed to the difficulties and em-
barrasments under which it was now suffering.
Mr. CALHOUN said he was gratified that the
Senator from Kentucky had introduced this reso-
lution. The banks were about to resume specie
payment, or rather had actually resumed, and this
m the most easy manner, and m the shortest pe-
riod, that resumption had ever been effected, not-
withstanding all the predictions lo the contrary, so
confidently made on the opposite side, that resump-
tion was impossible without the aid of Government.
The movement was an important one, and de-
manded our immediate attention, in order to deter-
mine what relation we ought to assume in reference
to the banks, m the new condition in which they
now are, or shortly may be The resolution of-
fered a favorable opportunity for the consideration
of the subject, which he thought ought to be em-
braced.
He had turned his attention partially to the sub
jeet, and intended to do so much more fully, before
the resolution was taken up foi discussion, but
with tne slight consideration which he had given it,
he felt a strong conviction that a reunion with the
qanks, as proposed b,, the resolution, would, at no
distant da), be followed by anther shock, such aso
that m May last, but still more terrific He would
not enter on the discussion now, but hoped an op-
portunity would Be afforded him, m the progress of
the resolution, to assign his reasons for this belief,
and when, he trusted, he would be able to satisfy
the Senate that it was well founded.
In the mean time, acting under its influence, he,
fi r one, would do no act to countenance, many way,
a reunion with the banks. Indeed, he could not
see how even those who are in favor of a reunion,
could justify a vote in its favor, unless some mea-
sure should first be adopted to guard against a re-
currence of a calamity which he regarded as so ob-
viously mevitaole, without some effectual jremedy
to prevent it. As to himself, he believed that a
National Bank was totally out of the question, and,
if it were not, it would prove, if adopted uudsr ex-
