DIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
"Hay's Resolution—Mr. Calhoun, Preston, Buche
25th Cono—2nd Sbss.                 Mr.
isting circumstances, oae of the greatest calamities
that could befal the country.
Thus thinking, it appeared to him, that this reso-
lution should undergo a full and deliberate investi-
gation, and, for that purpose, if the chairman of
the Committee on finance was in Jiis s¿at, he
would ask bim to withdraw his motion for a refe-
rence, in order to assign ah early day, say Mon-
day or Tuesday next, "Jo take up the resolution for
discussion. After the v¡eVs of the Senate had
been fully expressed, if it should bethought advi-
sable, it might then be referred.
Alter some remarte from Mr. DAVIS,
Mr. B6NTON rose and addressed the Senate in
favor of the reference. His remarks were given in
last night's paper.
Mr. CLAY did not rise with a view to reply to
any thing that had been said by the Senator last
up, hut merely to make a single remark in answer
to the Spnator from South Carolina, [Mr. Cal-
houn.] That Senator had said that the banks were
about to resume without any assistance from Go-
vernment or any agency on its part. He wished
it were so; but what were the facts in the case?
With the exception of a few banks in New York,
and probably one or two m New Jersey, none
others had admitted their' readiness to resume.
Some of these institutions had named the first of
January as the earliest period, while others again
thought a much longer period would be required.
Y/e all.knew that those of Tennessee, Arkansas,
and Mississippi would not be ready under two
years. What he, Mr. C. meant to say was, there
would be no general resumption. He had never
said that a United States Eank was indispensable
to a resumption of specie payments. What he had
said, and what he would say now, was, that under
the present deposite system, without the agency
of a United Slates Bank, if they did resume they
could not continue for any length of time. Mr. C.
said he was well aware that the discussion of the
the .question of.a United States Bank was foreign
to the matter befóte tfigm just then; but be was for
a Bank' of the United States, and wished it so pro-
nounced, so understood, that every inan, woman,
and child, should know it; and he would take some
suitable occasion hereafter to present his views in
re'atiou to a United States Bank, such as he thought
would be required by the exigency of the times.
What his resolution proposed was to give the sanc-
tion of law to this measure, and not leave it to the
whim and caprice of the Postmaster General and
the Secretary of the Treasury. He thought there
was no necessity for a reference; there was no ob-
jection to the phraseology of the resolution; it was
the principles contained in it which caused the op-
position; and to refer it to a committee, a majo-
rity of whom were known to be decidedly hostile,
would be contrary to all parliamentary usage, and
he hoped it would not be referred.
Mr. CALHOUNsaid that in making the declara-
upn he did, that specie payments had been resumed,
he did not suppose that any Senator would under-
stand him as affirming that all the banks had com-
menced paying specie. He only meant to say that a
commencement had been made; and that in spite of
the declaration, so confidently made, that it could
not be without the aid of the Government. He
ventured hale in saying, that what had been com-
menced, would, under the operation of the causes
that had produced it, go on till there would be a
general resumption; and that an event so desired
would be accomplished in the shortest time, and
with the least pressure, under the action of natural
causes, without the aid of quackery. Under
this impression, he had from the first opposed all
intermeddling on enrpart. He had always, as he
expressed himself at the extra session, dreaded the
deetor more than the disease.
He could not agree with the mover of this reso-
lution, that this was an improper time to discuss
the metiis of a National Bank. He (the mover)
as well as the Senator from Massachusetts farthest
from the. Chair, agreed that unless some effectual
remedy shoufd be adopted, another bank explosion
would in a few years take place. The thing is
inevitable, and how can they or any one who
thinks with tiiem, justify their vote in favor of this
resolution, which  proposes to unite the Govern-
ment with the banks, without applying the only re-
medy, which, according to their conception, can
prevent so great a calamity? If the application is
impossible now, it would only prove, even accord-
ing to their own conception, that the time for a re-
union with the banks has not yet arrived.
As to himself, he agreed that there were but two
measures which could possibly prevent a repetition
of the explosion, which it is now contended on all
sides must follow, without the application of some
effectual remedy: a complete and an entire divorce
from the whole system, or the establishment of a
National Bank; and, of the two, he considered the
former as by far the most safe and effectual. This
resolution proposes an entire abandonment of the
divorce, without sub-stimting the Bank, or any other
preventive measure in its place, which appeared to
him by far the least defensible eonrse that could bs
adopted. The plainest dictates of prudence de-
manded that we should adhere to the remedy we
have, till another could be substituted. At all
events, this was the suitable moment to determine
on our future coarse; and the opportunity which
this resolution afforded for discussion and delibera-
tion, ought not to be permitted to pass in silence.
Specie is flowing in with a strong current from all
quarters, just as it did previous to the late suspen-
sion; and unless some measure be adopted to pre-
vent it, it will become the means of enlarging
banking operations, instead of entering into the
general circulation of the country, in the same •
manner as it did then. The result will inevitably
be another expansion, and another explosion more
calamitous than the late, unless, as he had said,
some effectual measure be adopted to prevent it.
He, and those who thought with him, believed that
the most safe and effectual was a complete and en-
tire divorce from the banking system; while those
who differed from us, for trie most part, believed
that a National Bank was the only sate and effec-
tual measure. Now was the time for a thorough
examination and comparison of the. two measures.
Indeed, he could not see how even the friends of a
reunion could vote for this nr.eisure, without pre-
viously adapting some remedy against the danger
which e-ven they admitted- The country could not
stand another explosion. It would not only over-
throw tlje banking system, but would shake ourin-
stitatkuv to their centre.
The Senator from Massachusetts, (Mr. Davis,]
said, as he understood him, that the late explosion
was caused by the Independent Treasury scheme
Such he conceived not to fee the fact. Instead of
being the cause, it was but the consequence. The
existing laws provided, that on the banks ceasing
to pay specie, they should cease to be the fiscal
agents of the Government, and have their notes re-
ceived m the public dues. The Independent Trea-
sury was the result ofwthis provision, and has, in
fact, been in existence ever since the explosion.
Under its operation, the banks are gradually re-
suming specie payments, and the currency return-
ing comparatively to a sound condition. But for
that, it would have bscome daily more and more
bloaipd, till 'he disease would have been utterly in-
curable. Every State would have had a direct in-
terest in enlarging its circulation; for the more
expandjd the circulation, the greater would have
been the depreciation, and the greater the depre-
ciation at any point, the more certainly would the
commerce of the country have been aitracted to
it, just as was the case after the late war. The
reason is obvious. The greater the depreciation,
the less ¡n reality would be the amount of duty
paid. It was thus that the divorce had not only
cheeked the increase of the evil, but had, in a great
measuie. counteracted it; and it was a safe conclu-
sion, that a remedy which had proved so efficacious
in remedying the disease, should prove not less so, I
if persisted in, to prevent its recurrence.
The mover of the resolution thinks very diffe-
rently. He believes a National Bank to" be ¡he '
only effectual remedy, and promises to suggest a
project for one during the present session. He
was glad to hear him say so. Now wa* the t'.rne,
and he hoped that he would be prepared to suggest
his plan when his resolution should be taken u,> ¡
for discussion.                                  .                         i
Mr. C. said, that as the chairman of the Com-
GLDBii____.—-___-s 
pénate.
mittee on Finance was now in his place, he would
renew the expression «f his hope that he would not
insist on a reference. He thought the better course
would be for the discussion to precede the reference;
but he would, notwithstanding, vote, far if, if in-
sisted on, as he did not wi h-io.embarrass any ar-
rangement the committee may have made.
Mr. DAVIS opposed the reference, as he saw no
necessity for sending it to a committee, and parti-
cularly to one known to be opposed to all the prin-
ciples contained in the resolution. Mr. D. said he
had expressed an apprehension that there would be
another explosion, and he thought it just as likely
to occur- under the Sub-Trejsury scheme as
any other. A United States Bank would act as
a regulator, a kind of a balance wheel, to the other
institutions, and preserve soundness and order in
the currency. So far as we had any experience,
the nation had cause to be proud of such an insti-
tution—and almost all the ills we had suffered,
were caused by the improper war made on that
bank. The deposite system had resulted, as we all
knew, disastrously, and the Sub-Treasury which
was supposed to be a healing measure, was proved
to be any thing else.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said the banks in New
York were to resume he was aware, but there
was an immense difference between a nominal
issue and a safe issue. Under the present state of
things the banks could not lend; they did not
know how long it might be the pleasure of those
officers—the Postmaster General and the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury—to sustain them. They might
come down upon the banks at their pleasure, de-
mand the dues of Government m specie, and
cripple those institutions m their business. What
was wanted was some security in the shape of law,
designating the medium in which the dues should
be paid; and would it not be better to give them
this security than leave them to the tender mer-
cies of the Treasury and Post Office.
Mr. CALHOUN said he certainly did not think
that the Senator from Kentucky " was so silly" as
to inttoduce a bill to charter a Bank ef the United
States, after the sense of the Senate had been so
unequivocally expressed against any such institu-
tion. He even considered bim not a little indis-
creet in promising to present the outlines of a bank,
.considering the object which he has in view. It
was manifestly his intention to tnm the public at-
tention as strongly as possible towards a bank, as
the only measure of relief. What he [Mr. Cal-
houn] wanted, on ths other hand, was some defi-
nite plan of such an institution to be proposed by
its friends, in order to have something tangible, be-
tween which and the Sub-Treasury a compari-
son might be drawn. He felt very cenfident,
whenever it was presented, that it would not be
difficult to demonstrate the superiority of the latter
to the former. He might be mistaken, but he conld
not but feel, after much reflection, that the esta-
blishment of a National Bank, under existing cir-
cumstances, for the purpose of regulating the cur-
rency, would prove a curse to the country. If made
sufficiently powerful to effect that object, it would
be too strong for our liberty; but, if not strong
enough, it would be too weak to etiect the object
proposed, and, of course, would not prevent the
explosion in the currency which, it is conceded on
ail sides, must again take place, if the Sub-Trea-
sury be surrendered, and no effectual remedy be
apnlied to prevent it.
Under this impression, be thought it highly desi-
rable that the Senator should present his project
now. He saw no reason for the delay; but, on the
contrary, he regarded the present occasion, when
we were called upon by the mover of the resolu-
tion to abandon the measure wh'ch has thus fax
proved effectual, and again to reunite the Govern-
ment to the banks, as the most suitable of any to
bring forward his plan.
Mr. PRESTON opposed the reference in a speech
of some length. He animadverted on the course
pursued by some of the Administration members,
who contended that all connection between tb. 
Government and banks was dissolved by the -sus-
pension of specie payinems, and voting against all
banks as fraudulent and corrupt mstitutio s, un-
worthy of public confidence, and now came forward
'.anan.
