296
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M&f, im
25th Cong—2nd Sess.
Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Benton.
Seíiáte.
and lauded these same institutions as great and
glorious, and doing every thing for the good of the
country. Mr. P. admitted that another explosion
was not at all improbable, if they went on in the
same wild way in relation to the Deposite System.
The great object of Government should be to limit
these moneyed corporations, and to regulate them
by means of a United States Bank. He thought it
infinitely better to regulate the system by law than
to leave it to Executive usurpation.    '
Mr. NILES then spoke against the resolution.
His remarks were given in last night's paper.
Mr. BUCHANAN did not rise to prelong this
debate, but merely to state the reason, without en-
tering into any argument, which would induce him
to vote for the reference of this resolution to the
Committee on Finance. He was anxious to place
his vote upon this question in such a light that it
could not be misunderstood. If he had been suc-
cessful in obtaining the floor at an earlier stage of
the debate, he thought he could have demonstrated,
that in every statesmanlike and in every practical
view of the subject, the resolution of 18] 6, in re-
gard to the receipt of the notes of specie paying
banks, was better than the resolution proposed by
the Senator from Kentucky. If his resolution liad
merely proposed to revive the resolution of 181G
in regard to the public lands, and to place them
upon the same footing with the customs, it should
have received his [Mr. B's] support. Tne pur-
poses for which the Specie Circular was called into
existence, had long been accomplished. No rea-
son any longer existed to continue the discrimina-
tion between the currency receivable in payment
of the public lands and in payment of duties.
There was now a powerful reason why this dis-
crimination should cease. How could it be ex-
pected that the Western banks would resume spe-
cie payments, under the operation of that circular?
If all the public lands must be paid for in gold and
silver, (and extensive sales had recently been ad-
vertised,) whilst the customs were paid in bank
paper, would not this produce a run upon the
Western banks, and drain them of all their specie,
in case they resumed? He would place the West-
ern and Eastern banks precisely on the same foot-
ing ; he would interpose no obstacle m the way of
resumption; and then he would call upon them
all to redeem their notes in specie. Had the reso-
lution of the Senator, therefore, been confined to a
repeal of the discrimination which now existed,he
must have voted for it, or abandoned his fixed opi-
nions, which had already repeatedly received the
sanction of the Senate.
As the proposed resolution was not confined to
this object, he hoped that it might be referred ; and
when the report of the committee should be made,
he weuld then undertake to prove that the resolu-
tion of 1816, the construction of which had be-
come settled by a practice of more than twenty
years, was better for the Government, better for
the banks, and better for the people, than the
change now proposed to be adopted.
Mr. B. said the ordinary and proper course was
to refer all such resolutions, after they had been
twice read, to the appropriate committee, which,
in this case, was the Committee on Finance. He
felt a high respect for the intelligence and financial
knowledge of this committee, and he would not
give any vote which might be considered disre-
spectful to them in the slightest degree. Besides, he
was anxious to have a report from them on the
second branch oí the proposed resolution. He
thought such a report might be made as would sa-
tisfy even the Senator from Kentucky himself,
that the resolution of 181G was preferable to his
own.
Mr. B- as an individual member of the Senate,
would not undertake to propose such an amend-
ment to the Senator's resolution as would make it
satisfactory te himself, when we had been assured
that we might speedily expect a report from the
committee. He could see no want of fairness in
making this reference. On the contrary, he should
consider it a want of courtesy towards the comnvt-
lee to vote against the motion which had been made
by their chairman. In no event could it prevent
the Senator from Kentucky from bringing his pro-
position fairly before the Senate.
After some remarks from Messrs. TIPTON,
KING, and CLAY of Kentucky, the question was
taken on the reference, and it was carried—yeas
28, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon,
Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Roane,
Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Trotter,
Wall, Williams, Wright, and Young—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Knight, Merrick, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Rives, Robbins, Ruggles, Smith of Indian ,
Southard, Spence, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Web-
ster, and White—19.
The Senate then adjourned.
REMARKS OF MR. BENTON,
Of Missouri.
In Senate, Mmj 2, 1838—On the resolution of Mr.
Clay of Kentucky for the receipt and disburse-
ment of bank notes in the revenues and expen-
ditures of the Government—the question being
on its reference to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BENTON rose to make some remarks on
the distress which had just been resuscitated for the
occasion, and made to play lis part again in dis-
cussions on this floor. He knew of no distress,
except at New York, where they had more gold
and silver than they knew what to do with, and
from which nobody would relieve them by coming
aiid taking a part; and except among the advocates
of a National Bank, whose distress is agonizing at
seeing .vpecie payments resumed without the cre-
ation of a National Bank These were the only
cases of distress now visible; and they were real
and afflicting cases, especially the latter. The ad-
vocates for a National Bank saw all their predic-
tions defeated by the event; their thousand millions
of asseverations that there never could be a re-
sumption until a National Bank was rcchartered,
were all blown sky hurt)! Resumption had begun,
and they could not defeat it, and their distress was
not only great, but without sympathy; for it was
sorrow m the midst of universal joy.
This resolution of the Senator from Kentucky,
[ Mr. Clay,] is to aid the banks to resume—to aid,
encourage, arid enable them to resume. This is
its object, as declared by Us mover; and it is offer-
ed here after the leading banks have ie.->umed, and
when no power can even prevent the remaining
solvent banks from resuming. Doubtless, immor-
tal glory will be acquiied by this resolution! It
can be heralded to all corneis of the country, and
celebrated in all manner of speeches and editorials,
as the miraculous cause of an event which had al-
ready occurred' Yes, sir, already occurred! for the.
solvent banks have resumed, are resuming, and
will resume. Every solvent bank in the United
Stales will have resumed in a few months, and no
eflbru of the insolvents and their political confede-
rates can prevent it. InNew York the resumption
is general; in Massachusetts, Rhode Island,Maine,
and New Jersey, it is partial; and every where the
solvent banks are preparing to redeem the pledge
which they gave when they stopped—that of re-
suming whenever .Vei  York did. The insolvent
and political banks will not resume at all, or, ex-
cept for a tew weeks, to fail again, make a panic
and a new run upon the resuming banks, stop them if
possible, then charge it upon the Administration,
and recommence their lugubrious cry for a Nation-
al Bank.
The resumption will take place. The masses of
gold and silver pouring into the country under the
beneficent effects of General Jackson's hard money
policy, will enable every solvent bank to resume; a
moral sense, and a fear of consequences, will com-
pel them to do it. The importations of specie are
now enormous, and equalling every demand, if it
was not suppressed. There can be no doubt but
that the quantity of specie in the country is equal
to the amount of bank notes in circulation—that
they are dollar for dollar—¡hat the country is bet-
ter off for money at this day than it over was be-
fore, though srnmefully deprived of the use of gold
and silver by the political and insolvent part of the
banks and their confederate politicians.     On this
point a document' would spon be forthcoming to
establish its truth.   The document called for this
morning in relation to the local banks, and which
the Treasury will furnish, will show the aoíouát of
the bank circulation; and that amount wiU not ex-
ceed the quantity of gold and Suver now in the
country, or ltnown to be coming into it. "   A hun-
dred millions of specie may be assumed to  be the
amount in the country before the rise of the present
Congress; and out of that amount every solvent
bank .in the union can supply its wants.   None ad-
mitted they had any wants when they stopped ex-
cept the New York banks; all the reststopped with-
out standing a run or admitting a want.     They
stopped upon example, and not upon necessity, and
pledged themselves to resume when New York did.
New York has resumed, and they are bound to re-
deem their pledge, or admit its falsity.   More than
that, New York offers supplies of specie to another
banks.   She has no need for the quantity she has
received; she cannot use it; she is offering it to all
other  banks,  especially   to   the   noa-resuming
Bank  of the  United   States.     She  is  calling
upon all solvent banks to come  and  get sup-
plied; and if she cannot  get  it   taken off her
hands in  the United States, she will be forced
to resbip it to Europe; for the   quantity   is   too
great to be used in her own business.    There is
specie enough then in the country to enable every
bank to resume, and the moral sense of some, and
the fear of consequences in others,  will induce a
resumption by all except the insolvent and the po-
litical ones.   Many are the banks which have re-
sumed and will resume from a sense of what is
right—from a feeling of honesty—from a determi-
nation to pay what they owej many ethers will re-
sume from the fear of consequences, and because
they know that protracted suspension must end in
the total destruction o£ the whole banking system.
The solvent banks wiil resume, and Congress can-
not prevent them if it tried.     They have received
the aid which they need in the $100,000,000 of gold
and silver which now relieves the country, and dis-
tresses the politicians who predicted no relief, until
a National Bank was created.     Of the nine hun-
dred banks in the country, there are many which
never can resume, and which should not attempt
it, except to wind up their affairs.   Many, of these
are rotten to the core, and will fall id pieces the in-
stant they are put to the specie- test.    Some of
them even fail now for rags; several hare so failed
in Massachusetts and Ohio, to say nothing of those
called wild cats—the progeny of a general bank-
ing law in Michigan.     We want a resumption to
discriminate between banks, and to save the com-
munity from impositions.    The renowned Sancho
Panza has told us  that all cats are of one color in
the dark; so of the banks: they are all alike during
the suspension.      Resumption will discriminate
them,   and   that   resumption   is   at   hand.     It
has   began    where   the   suspension    began—in
New  York.     It  has   began   where   the   main
cause   for   the   stoppage   existed—in   that city
where   the   public   moneys   were   accumulated,
and where they were suddenly called for in masses,
at short intervals, to be distributed among  the
States.   The banks had lent that money under our
sanction; to call for it suddenly, was to reduce them
to the alternative of breaking their customers, or
breaking themselves.     I was one of half a dozen
who opposed that law: I then said in my place that
it must be fatal to large deposite banks; that they
would have to choose between ruin to themselves,
or to their customers.     These banks had cause for
stopping; they are the only ones, according to all
the declarations, which had a cause for it.     The
rest stopped, or professed to stop, upon example;
and pledged  themselves to follow the example of
resumption as promptly as they had followed that
of suspension.    Some redeem this pledge; others
violate it, and at the head of these violators, is the
Bank of the United States.     But New York has
not merely'sat the example of resumption; it also
offers the means of resumption to all others.   The
insolvent and   political banks alone refuse   the
means; and, covering their conduct wjth false pre-
texts, exert themselves  to perpetuate the reign of
shin-plasters and irredeemable paper memey.
Distress! to relieve the distress! this is declared
