May, 1838.___________APPENDIX TO TttK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                             g§f
25th Cosg--"2nd Sess.                               Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Benton.                                                              Senate.
 o be the object of the resolution! and the mover
seems to be in furious haste to get it through quick,
lest the disuess will be all gone, and the glory of
relieving it will be lost. This resolution, is now to
do what nothing but the creation of a National
Sank could do—it is to relieve the distress! Sir,
the distress is gone; it has gone off like the panic
distress of 1833 went off; it has fled before an
avalanche of gold and silver. An arrival of twenty
millions of specie frightened off distress m 1834, an
«nival oí twenty-five or thirty millions has chased
it off again. The only real distress is that of the
New York banks, which have more specie than
they can use; and that of politicians, who see that
General Jackson's policy is victorious—that the
gold bill attd the hard money policy are filling the
country with specie, and drawing the line between
fhe solvent banks on one hand, and the insolvent
and political ones on the other.
We have gone through a similar scene to that of
the panic session of 1833-34. Then there was a
ditty incontinently sung upon this floor, and taken
up and sung again all over the country. It ran m
these words: " That the removal ofthe deposita made
the distress, and nothing could relieve the distress but
the restoration of the deposites, or the recharter of the
bant " This was the musical ditty with which the
ears of a comment were entertained tor six months;
yet the deposites were not restored, the bank was
not «chartered, and the distress did cease. Even
while this pretty little ditty was still in the course
of rehearsal here, the Bank, as if in contempt of all
sis votaries, wheeled about, stopped us pressure,
commenced relief, and ran out in six months an ex-
pansion of twenty millions of loans and ten millions
of circulation Seeing that the arrival of the specie
had put an end to the distress, the Bank changed
her tactic ; and having failed to crush the lo-
cal banks by compression, the next step was to
burst them by distension. So of this resolution.
Since May last, we^ have had the incessant
cry, " That the Treasury order made the suspen-
sion, and nothing could produce a resumption but
a repeal of the order and the recharter of the
Bank of the United States." This song has had its
day It has been sung to death, it is dead. Ft has
shared the fate of the sweet little ditty about the
removal of the deposites The Treasury order is
not repealed, the Bank of the United States is not
«chartered, a^d the solvent banks have resumed,
or will do it. The liver Pactolus has poured its
golden flood into the country. Every body sees
and feels that thG country is relieved, and now this
resolution, like a Harlequin leaping upon the stage,
jumps up before us to claim the honor of accom-
plishing that which already exists. The professed
object of this resolution is to aid the banks—to aid
hanks which are already full of specie, and offer-
ing it to others' This is the professed object. Its
effect will be to do what was done m 1834—to run
out another expansion—create another season of
delusive prosperity—followed by another catastro-
phe, to be charged again upon the Administration.
It is found that the country cannot be depressed for
mare than one year at a tice—that the export of a
¿angle crop relieves it. The mode of operating
must then be changed. Another expansion, fol-
lowed by another catastrophe, to be accomplished
jn the summer of 1840, may turn the scale of the
Presidential election at that time ; and two years
are enough to organue an expansion and explosion.
The last expansion and explosion was commenced
<>nd completed in two years. It began in June,
1835, and finished in May, 1837. Another one
c m be accomplished m the same time. Begin it
now, and it can be consummated m the summer of
1840, m the exact time for the Presidential election
of that year. Pass this resolution, or any thing
like it, and a grand expansion will immediately
ensue, to be followed by a grand explosion—to be
laid, ot course, upon the Administration. What
la this resolution? It is to make all the notes of all
the banks m the United States a legal tender to the
United States m payment of lands and customs,
and all debts and dues, and a forced tender from
the Federal Government to all its creditors. It is
a PAPER MONEY and SHIN-PLASTER RE-
SOLUTION ' the adoption of which would surren-
der the public lands to nine hundred banks for a
fund to redeem their notes—would fill the Treasu-
ry with notes which could never be redeemed—
would dispense with the use of gold and silver at
home—would occasion the exportation of the one
hundred millions which the Jacksonian policy has
collected in the country—would reduce the country
to broken bank notes and shin-plasters in two
years, and raise another cry for the establishment
of a National Bank. These would be the conse-
quences of the adoption of the resolution; and I
announce them in advance, that I, for one, may
warn the country of the impending mischief, and
exhibit this proposition at once in its hideous and
revolting colors.
We wanted specie, and we have got it Five
years ago—at the veto session of 1832—there
were but twenty millions in the country. So said
the Senator from Massachusetts who has just re-
sumed his seat, [Mr. Webster.] We have now,
or will have in a few weeks, one hundred millions.
This is the salvation of toe country. It compels
resumption, and has defeated all the attempts to
scourge the country into a submission to a National
Bank. While that one hundred millions remains,
the country can place at defiance the machinations
of the Bank of the United Slates, and its confede-
rate politicians, to perpetuate the suspension, and
to continue the reign ot rags and shm-plasters.
Their first object is to get rid of these hundred mil-
lions, and all schemes yet tried have failed to coun-
teract the Jacksonian policy. Ridicule was tried
first; deportation of specie was tried next; a forced
suspension has been continued for a year; the State
Governments and the people were vanquished, still
the specie came in, because the Federal Govern-
ment created a demand for it. This fatal demand
has frustrated all the schemes to dm e off specie,
and to deliver up the country to the dominion of
the paper money party. Thi* demand has been
the stumbling block oí that party, and this resolu-
tivn now comes to remove that ^tumbling block. It
is the most revolting proposition ever made m this
Congress! It is a flagrant violation of the Consti-
tution, by making paper money a tender both to
and from the Government, It is fraught with rum
and destruction to the public property, the public
Treasury, and the public creditors. The notes of
nine hundred banks are to be received into the
Treasury, and disbursed from the Treasury
They are to be paid out as well as paid
in. The ridiculous pioviso of willingness to
receive them on the pa-t of the public cre-
ditor is an insult to him, for there is no choice, t
it is that or nothing. The disbursing officer does
not ofter hard money with one hand, and paper
with the other, and tell the creditor to take his
choice. No' he offers paper or nothing' To talk
of willingness, when there is no choice, is insult,
mockery and outrage Gre<it is the loss of popu-
larity which this Administration has sustained fiom
paying out depreciated paper, great the deception
which has been practised upon the Government m
representing this paper as being willingly received.
Necessity and not good will, ruled the creditoi,
indignation, resentment, and execrations on the
Administration, were the thanks with whjch he
received it. Tnis has disgraced and injured the
Administration more than all other causes put
together; it has lost it tens of thousands of true
friends. It is now getting into a condition to pay
hard money; and this resolution comes to prevent
such payment, and to continue and to perpetuate
the ruinous paper money payments. Defeat tne
resolution, and the Government will quickly pay
all demands upon it m gold and silver, and will
recover its popularity, pass it, and paper money
will continue to be paid out, and the Administra-
tion will continue to lose ground.
It is the duty of the Federal Government to
diffuse the sptcie -which its policy has brought into
the country. This specie arrives at the sed ports,
and a part of it has thence to be transferred to the
interior of the country, and to the remote frontiers.
Government payments will effectthis diffusion. Hard
money payment  for lands will occasion gold
and silver to be carried to the new States, specie
payments to the army, militia, volunteers, laborer 
upon public works, and Indians, will diffuse it
among the people.    If not diffused, the specie now
in the country will be. exported, or will go to
the creation of new banks, to flood the country
again with paper money, and to make aaother ex-
pansion, followed by another explosion. TJ po*
hey of General Jackson was to «se the specie
when it was brought; the effect of this resolution
is to prevent if from being used, and to drife it
away. His policy was to suppress all bank notes
under twenty dollars, and to make gold and silver
the medium of payment for all sums under that
amount.
This resolution is to compel the repetition of the.
error which has already been so often fatal to the
country. The original error of the Government,
m relation to the currency, was m dispensing with
specie, and resorting to the use of paper. General
Hamilton effected thts, first by violating the act of
1789, and next by establishing a national bank,
with a charter right to pay its notes to the Govern-
ment, and a defacto right to pay thera out. The
Federal Government having dispensed with the
specie standard, all the States followed the exam-
ple. They all dispensed with it, and substituted
the paper of their banks, in the payment of their
revenues. They created banks, with chartered
privileges to pay the State revenues in their paper;
of course the States had nothing else to pay out;
and when the banks stopped, the Government stop-
ped, or took depreciated paper. What the Go-
vernment did the people were obliged to do. All
had to dispense with the specie standard, and be-
take themselves to paper. This total dispensation ot
specie by the General Government, and the Stats
Governments, left the country bare of hard money,
and produced tne catastrophes of 1814, and of
1819. Now for the first time in forty years the
Government is determined to avoid General Ham-
ilton's error. It is determined not to dispense with
specie. It is determined to preserve the specie
standard, and, by doing so. to ceate a demand fot
it, and a use foi it, which will bring it m the Coun-
try, keep it m the country, and diffuse it over the
country. This resoiation is to defeat that policy.
It is to conquer the last remaining advoeate for
speGie, and to inundate the whole Union with pa-
per money. The General Government conquered,
and the triumph of the paper money party is then
complete  To this conquest ail efforts are now
turned. The whole struggle of the Federal party
has been to force paper money upon the General
Government. From this policy they have never
deviated from the timé of General Hamilton to the
present day, but all their efforts put together fail
short of the revolting effects of ihis desolating pro-
position
The resolution proposes to make the notes of 900
banks the currency of the General Government,
and the mover of the resolution tells you, at the
same time, that pll these banks will fail' that they
cannot continue specie fa) mentí if they begin'
that nothing but a National Bank can hold them
up to specie payments, and that we have no such
bank. This is the language of the mover; it is the
language, also, of all his party, more than that it is
the language of Mr. Biddle's letter—.hat letter
which is the tiue exposition of the principles and
policy of the Opposition party Here then is
a proposition to compel the Administration, by law,
to give up the public lands for the paper of banks
which are to fail—to fill the Treasury with the
paper of such banks—and to pay out such paper
to the public creditors. This is the proposition,
and it is nothing but another form of accomplish-
ing what was attempted in this chamber a few
weeks ago, namely, a direct receipt ot irredeema-
ble paper money' That propos tion was too naked
and glaring, it was too rank ani staitlmg; it was
rebuked and repulsed. A circuitous operation is
now to accomplish ft hat was then too rashly at-
tempted by a direct movement. Receive the notes
of 900 banks toi the lands and duties, these 900
banks will all fail again, so says the mover,
because there is no king bank to regulate
them. We have then lost our lands and reve-
nues, and filled our Treasury with irredeemable
paper Thts is jn-.t the point aimed at by
the ongmal proposition to receive irredeemable
paper in the first instance- it ends in the reception
of such paper    If the resolution passes there will
