293
25th Cong-•••2nb Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OkQBK.
_______Mr. ClayH Resolution— Mi. Niks.
%f ism
Senate 
be another explosion, for the receivabtlity of these
note  for the public dues, and especially for the
public lands, will run out another vast expansion
of the paper system, to be followed, of course, by
another general explosion. The only way to save
the banks is to hold them down to specie payments
To do otherwise, and especially to do what ihis
resolution proposes, is to make ihe Administration
the instrument of Us own disgrace and degiada-
tion—10 make it join in the ruin of the finances
and the currency—in the surrender of the national
domain for broken bank paper—and m producing
a new cry for a National Bank as the only remedy
ior the eviU it has, produced
The motion before the Senate is lo refer the re-
solution to the Committee on Finance. It ought to
ba referred. It runb foul of too many laws and
principles to ba hurned on without the u ual ex-
amination of a committee. If not reterred, I shall
be ready for it here, come when it may. I ask no
time to piepare to encounter such a proposition.
It is a mass of deformity, iniquity, and mischief.
It goes to plundei the public lands, to rum the re-
venue, to defraud the public creditors, to involve
the country in shame and disaster, to re-establish
a National Bank, and to perpetuate a paper-money
Government. It goes to disgrace and destroy the
Administration. It is a rebuke to all who voted for
the Independent Treasury bill, and a modest request
to them that they will stultify themselves by voting
for a proposition standing in contradiction to every
pimciple which they voted form that bill Itgoes
to contradict every principle of General Jackson's
hard-money policy—that pol cy which has received
the sanction of an immense majority of the Ameri-
can people.
If referred, gentlemen may rest assured it will be
back time enough for them It is such a proposi-
tion as ought to be discussed, and will be discussed
It is a proposition to fix the attention of a continent
It goes to fundamental principles, and presents the
iairest occasion for the array of parties which has
yet been seen in Congress It is paper-money and
bank Government to the baekbone, and, lar from
keeping such a resolution m a commutes to avoid
debate, I am for bringing on deba e with all due
speed I rejoice that such a propo Uion is brought
in, and shall make my Hanks to all such custom-
ers for all such favors I mean to speak to it when
it comes back, and meiely give it a passing compli-
ment as n now goes out.
REMARKS OP MR NILES,
ON THE SAWt, SUBJECT
Mr NILES said he felt reluctant to prolong the
debate, yet would ask to be indulged m submitting
a few remarks. The resolution he considered as a
very extraordinary one, and the observations of
fhe three gentlemen who had supported it were
Tarcely less remarkable This resolution, con-
sisting ot ten or a doren lines, ha? been treated by
the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr Clay,] who in-
troduced it, as though i. was a trifling thing, which
would be adopted almost as a matter ot course
It required, in Ins view, no reference and no dis-
cussion , was a plain, simple proposition, which
every one must be prepared to act upon. But brief
as the resolution i>, it contained principles of vital
importance—principles which covered the whole
ground occupied in the debate m which the Senate
had been engaged for nearly four months during
the late and present session. And he might say
more than tins it embraced principles which lay
at the foundation of the legislation of Congress
since the commencement of the Government And
it proposes to reverse and set aside the fundamen-
tal pimciple, by which the legislation of Cengress
has been governed. It contains the novel and
dangerous pimciple of legalizing a paper currency in
the tiansactions of the Government. This has
never been done, except so fai as re->pects paper
deriving its authority from Congress The notes
of State banks have never been made a legal cur-
rency in the collection and disbursement of the
revenue. This resolunon proposes to introduce
that principle, and yet it is treated as of so little
importance, as not to require to be disposed of m
the usual way, and reterred to a committee The
resolution contains two propositions   one, that the
same currency shall, be received in the different
branches of the revenue j the other, that the notes
of banks which are payable and paid in specie on
demand shall be received and disbursed by the
Government. The first of these propositions has
been adopted by the Senate as an amendment to
the Treasury bill that passed this body; the other
was prepared as an amendment to that bill, and
rejected by a considerable majority. ÍTiat the
Senate have changed their views on this subject,
he had seen no reasons to believe.
It is said that because there are no details to be
examined, there is no occasion for the reference.
But considering the importance of the principles
involved, and their connection with the legislation
of Congress, is it not necessary to examine the
operation of these principles upon existing laws'?
The resolution proposes to renew the cennec-
tion between the Government and the banks,
and this is to be e'one without any limita-
tion or restriction whatever. The resolution
would therefore repeal, or supersede, all the
existing laws on the subject. So far as bank notes
are now authorized to be received and disbursed,
it is subject to certain regulations, limitations, and
restrictions The joint resolution of 1816, the de-
posite act of 1836, and an act passed the same
session, in regard to the payment of bank notes,
all contain restrictions and limitations which this
íesolution would entirely sweep away At a time
when a majority of the Senate have decided to dis-
connect the Government from banks altogether, it
is proposed to unite them more closely than they
have ever been—a union which is to be beneficial
on one side only, which is to favor the banks with-
out any corresponding advantage to the Govern-
ment, which is to open the Treasury door wider
than it has ever been, and expose it to be filled
with paper of every description, without any check
or restraint whatever, either as to the denomination
of-the bills, or the limits within which the receiving
officers shall be required to take the papu of State
banks. A receiver in Arkansas vuiultl be bound
to take the notes of a bank m Bangoi, and judge
of its soundness, anil the collector at the latter
place would be requued to receive the notes of a
bank in Arkansas Mr N. said he was aware that
there «as a provision in the resolution authorizing
the Secietary of the Treasury to prescribe regula-
tions as to the receipts and disbursements, but that
would give him no power to limit the operation of
the resolution lie could no more do this than he
could repeal the liw To limit its operations
would be to repeal it in pait The resolution
would make the receipt of the notes of all specie-
paying banks, whtrevei located, obligatory on all
collectors of revenue This is perfectly clear
Por seveial years it has bern the policy of this
Governmeat to endeavor to exert a salutary influ-
ence on the paper cutrency through the operations
ot the Treasuiy, and all the laws designed to effect
this purpose, to which the Senator from Virginia
[Mr Rivisj attaches so much importance, are to
be superseded bv this resolution, and that without
e\cn a reference of it.
But, sir, what is the object of this resolution1!
what purpose is to be effected by it' what is the ne-
cessity lor it' The Senatjr from South Carolina
[Mr Preston] kas used a ven strange aigument
He says the measure for divorcing the Government
from the banks has failed, that it has been decided
that the separation shall not take place, and, there-
fore, it has become necessary to piovide for regu-
lating the connection between the Treasury and
the bank^ Does he suppose there is any want of
laws to regulate this matter'' The disconnection
has not been from a repeal of, or defect in, the
lav «i, but iiom the failure of the banks, which
threw them out of the pale of your laws When
the banks resume the laws will again be in force,
and the banks will be entitled to the benefits of
them It will be the duty of the Secretary ot the
Treasury to employ them as depositories, and he
will no doubt authorize the rece.pt of their not<=s,
subject to the restrictions of the law. What
occasion, then, is thare for furtner legislation?
The majority of the Senate have decided" in
favor of disconnecting the finances of the Go-
vernment from those of the banks, but, if this
measure shall fail, we have only" to faTToacli
on the exfetyig laws, and, when the banks re-
sume, things will be precisely where they were.
The connection revives ^without the aid of Con-
gress There is no occasion for legislation, unléás
it is propose^ to change the existing tews, and efe.
feet a more m tímate tsbhnectibu between the Trea-
sury and the banks, entirely free from the" restraints
and regulations which they impose. Is this the ob-
ject of the resolution? If not, what is iü Is it
called for, because the laws are not properly exe-
cuted, or a proper construction put upon them? be-
cause the Secretary of the Treasury is pursuing a
course hostile arid illiberal towards the Banks? Is
there any foundation for such an opinion? It has
already been slated m this debate, that the notes of
banks which are paid in specie, except so far as
they are restricted by law, are directed to be re-
ceived, and are in fact received, at the custom
houses and post offices. But we are told .that this
is unauthorized, and without legal sanction. How
consistent, to charge the Government with being
hostile to the banks, and at the same moment to
complain of the Secretary of the Treasury for re-
ceiving and paying out bank notes wiihoiit any
legal authority for doing it' This point is well un-
derstood by every one, and there is no occasion to
illustrate it There is no compulsion an the Secre-
tary to take bank notes, but he is fully authorized
to do it. If there was ever any doubt about the
construction of the resolution of 1816, the question
has been settled hy a practice of more than twenty
years Although there is nothing compulsory a« to
the receipt of bank notes, yet it has been the prac-
tice of the Treasury to receive them, and pay them
out, under certain restrictions and regulations.
Sir, there can be no object in this resolution,
unless it is to change the existing laws; to give the
banks privileges which they do not now enjoy
We are told that it is proper for the Treasury to
aid them in the resumption of specie payments, and
that this is only a temporary measure for that pur-
pose    How a temporary measure?   It is to conti-
nue during the pleasure of Confess, and no law
can continue any longer   But if this is the purpose,
the resolution rests altogether on a false assump-
tion.   It is assumed that the banks cannot resume
without aid from the Government    This has been
declared by the head of the chief banking institu-
tion.   And are we to be called upon to act to carry
out his purposes, or establish his predictions? What
foundation is thare for this opinion^    Pave not the
banks already resumed in New York, in Boston, in
Albany, and some others?    And what difficulty is
there m all sound banks resuming? Circumstances
are so favorable for it, that they cannot avoid re-
suming.   Exchanges have been for a long time
decidedly in our favor, and .nstead of specie going
out of the country, it is coming in with a flood tide.
The quantity leceived is without any example m
the history of the country, ten millions have been
received within a few weeks, principally gold The
premium on specie is gone, and  the country is
flooding with gold, and yet vve are told the banks
cannot resume payment without t the aid of the Go-
vernment.   All solvent, sound banks ean resume
when they please, and those wmch are not sound,
which have not reduced their circulation, dimi-
nished their loans, and concentrated their resources,
cannot resume, whatever aid  tbry may receive
Have not the banks sat 1 that they did not require
or want any assistance1   Th's is true of the banks
of New York, where the Executive and Legisla-
ture protlered their assistance, not in their ordmaiy
business, but in case war should be waged against
them by the principal bank in the Union, having a
capital nearly equal to all the banks in the State of
New York, by loaning them the credit of the State
to the amount of sit or seven millions, which they
declined    They wisely chose to stand upon their
own strength, and not to be propped up by any Go-
vernment, State or National.    They felt strong
enough to sustain themselves not only against ordi-
nary difficulties, but against the threatened hostili-
ties oí the great bank autocrat.
.Sir, the sound banks do not want any (aiá from
this Government, we cannot benefit /hem, but "ve
might do them an essential injury, as welljas the
country    They; are begu-myig to tqfypXr$* íba
