April, 1S38.
APÍ*ÉN£>i:k TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
But
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Resurrection Notes—Mr. Grundy.
Senate.
Secretary of the Treasury is, (hat the stock of gold
in the United States had, within a short time, been
insreased fifteen millions of dollars; the greater
part of it, beyond a doubt, coming from England;
and much of it (how much cannot be ascertained)
borrowed, that is, obtained by means of credits.
The Bank of England,' to stop this drain, frowned
upon and discredited the bills drawn in the United
States upon credits. They could no longer be dis-
counted. Hence the revulsion, the failure of some
of the American houses, (as they were termed) in
England, and the excessive pressure upon all of
them; the dishonor and return of bills, with all
their consequences, and the sudden demand for a
large balance not expected to be called for. Ex-
change rose, specie became a better remittance,
and specie began to rush out.
" At the same time our great staple fell in
England. The Secretary of the Treasury com-
putes the less to the United States upon half the
crop then disposed of, at no less a sum than twenty
millions of dollars. He computes the commercial
defet of the United States at thirty millions of
dollars. If these estimates be correct, then the
cotton if it had not fallen, would have paid two-
thirds of the debt, and the balance, reduced to ten
millions of dollars, would not have been sufficient
to cause any very serious embarrassment. It
further appears, from the statements of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, (especially from his report
in December, 1836,) that while we were getting in
debt to England, we were importing specie, and
that the amouat added to our stock of gold and
silver was more than the amount of debt just
mentioned. It follows that the gold and silver
must be considered to that amount, as having
been bought upon credit, and not paid for, coming
into the banks, nevertheless with nothing upon
them to show this impunity; it would be dealt with
as any other money in its vaults, and deemed to
justify añ expansion of credits. .Such is a brief,
but in the opinion of the minority of the commit-
tee, an accurate sketch of the times, immediately
preceding the suspension, in which are to be sought'
its causes."
It should be remarked that the Specie Circular
is no where.mentioncd in this report as a cause of
suspension. The prominent cause noticed, is the
drain of specie from England, and the exertion of
the Bank of England to prevent it, which caused
it to frown upon bills drawn upon that country.
The second cause assigned, is the fall of the price
of cotton in England, which occasioned a loss of
twenty millions of dollars in that single article.
The causes assigned by the minority of the com-
mittee, are of magnitude sufficient to produce the
effect which followed.
The report of the New York Bank Committee, to
which I before referred, perhaps more accurately
enumerates the causes of the suspension, than even
the report of the minority of the committee. It
says:
"The immediate causes which thus com-
pelled the banks of the city of New York to sus-
pend specie payments on the J Oth of May last, are
well known. The simultaneous withdrawing of
the large public deposites, and of excessive foreign
credit, combined with the great and unexpected fall
in the price of the principal article of our exports,
with an import of corn and bread stuffs, suchas
had never before occurred, and with the consequent
inability of the country, particularly of the South-
western States, to make the usual and expected re-
mittances, did at one and the same time fall princi-
pally and necessarily upon the greatest commercial
emporium of the Union. After a long and most
arduous struggle, during which the banks, though
not altogether unsuccessfully resisting the impera-
tive foreign demand for the preciousrmetals, were
gradually deprived of a grsat portion of their
specie, some unfortunate incidents of a local na-
ture operating in concert with other previous exci-
ting causes, produced distrust and panic, and finally
one of those general runs, which, if continued, no
banks that issue paper money payable on demand,
can ever resist, and which soon put it out of the
power of those of this city to sustain specie pay-
ments."
Again, it will be observed, the Specie Circular
is not named among the causes of suspension, nor
is the denunciation of bank notes by the Execu-
tive. The only one of the causes mentioned by
Mr. Biddle, to which this committee adverts, is the
distribution of the public deposites among the dif-
ferent States. Sir, old Albert Galtatin would not
hazard his reputation as a statesman, by the asser-
tion that the Specie Circular was one of the causes
which produced the suspension. No, he has
been too long in earning and establishing his fame,
ta risk it for any passing political advantage.
Let us now see what have been the effects of the
causes of suspension which are charged, substan-
tially, against the Executive of the United States.
The Specie Circular is the first of them mentioned
in the letter upon which I am commenting. Why
was it issued? is the first inquiry which every man
should make, who desires to form a just judg-
ment of its merits. At the time it issued, the Uni-
ted States were being plundered of all their specie;
such exertions were made as had never before
been witnessed, to procure the gold and silver of
this country, to replenish the coffers of the Bank
ofEngland. The then President of the United
States saw this, and resisted it, by creating a de-
mand for the precious metals in the United States;
and this, to a certain extent, prevented their ex-
portation.
Further: at that time, such was the rage for pur-
chasing and speculating in the public lands, that
large companies were formed in every quarter of
the country, who were monopolizing the best por-
tions of the public domain, and making payment
in bank paper. It was believed that, if this course
of things continued, in a short time all the public
lands of much value would be in the hands of specu-
lators; and thus the public would be despoiled of
its valuable domain, and have in its stead, and
in payment, irredeemable bank paper. The events
which have occurred since have fully proved the
wisdom and patriotism which dictated the measure.
The sipecis, to a considerable extent, has been re-
tained in the country. The speculations in the
public domain have ceased. The United States
still own the lands, except so far as they have been
needed and purchased for cultivation. Surely this
is a better state of things than that which would
have existed had the Specie Circular never been
issued. But for it, the lands would have been in
the hands of speculators, and the Government in"
the possession of bank paper of little or no value.
Another beneficial effect has been produced: the
extravagance of bank paper issues was checked;
and, so far as Government deposited its specie in the
Western banks, they were strengthened.
It should be remembered that a great portion of
the specie collected under that circular, was imme-
diately expended by the Government, in its dis-
bursements, for the protection of the Western
frontier. The remainder was deposited in the
Southwestern banks, where it was when their
doors were closed. Had it been in the banks of
the Eastern cities, it would have been transported
to England or have been in the possession of non-
specie-paying banks. At one moment the com-
plaint against the Executive is, that the public
money collected for the customs in the East is not
permitted to remain there, although a law of Con-
gress, and not'the Executive, has caused the distri-
bution. In the next, the complaint is that the
money collected from the sales of the public lands
has been partly kept and expended in the protec-
tion of the Western frontier, and the remainder
placed in Western banks. It would seem that
nothing less than the use of all the public mo-
ney, wherever collected, is required for the
accommodation and benefit of the Eastern banks.
If banks would trade, and rely upon their own
capital and credit more, and not depend so
much -upon the public money, if would be better
for bolh the banks and the community. If the
idea shall prevail that the convenience and interest
of the banks are to be consulted in ihe disposition
of the public money, the great objects for which
the Government was formed will be disregarded;
your expenditures for the protection of the inhabi-
tants of the frontier, and all the means of national
defence must be paralyzed, until the banks are con-
sultad, and it shall be ascertained whether their
operations may not be incommoded or obstructed,
Instead of this Government being carried on upon
the principles, and for the purposes, intended by -
the Constitution, its main business will be to col 
lect money for the benefit of banks, a-nd expead it-
as may best suit their convenience.
On the grounds which I have thus rapidly re-,
viewed, I have come to the confident conclusion,
that, while the spirit in which the Specie Circular
originated was patriotic, so, upon the whole, its
effect? have been productive of much practical
benefit. I do not undertake to deny that at the
present time the circumstances and condition of
the country are very different from those which
existed at the time it was issued; and that Ihe
necessity for it -as a practical measure to retain
our specie, save our public domain, and prevent
the injurious effects of excessive speculation on the
National Treasury, has in a great degree termi-
nated. With the suspension of specie payments
its operation has ceased, because the existing laws
prohibit, in that contingency, the receipt of bank
notes in any branch of the revenue. 1 do, how-
ever, contend that it ought never to have, been
considered or enumerated among the causes which
contributed to this condition of the banks.
The second cause assigned for the suspension
by the writer of this letter, is the scattering the
deposites to the frontiers, or the distribution act
of 1836. This was" no Executive measure. It
was forced upon the late Chief Magistrate, who
reluctantly gave his assent to it. It was passed
by the unanimous vote of the Opposition in Con-
gress, aided by a majority of the friends of the
Administration, who believed that justice and
sound policy required its passage. If the assertion
be true, that it aid«d in producing a suspension of
specie payments, the fact would furnish additional
evidence to prove the impropriety of permitting
the banks to trade or discount on the public money;
but it would not make the Executive branch of
the Government chargeable with that consequence
of the measure. It seems, however, in the view
of this writer, that although the act of distribution
s no longer in force, other causes equally injurious
to the banks, and equally forbidding the resump-
tion of specie payments, that is, the expenditures
in the South and West, are still in operation.
This shows that the great measures of defence
must be abandoned, and the banks accommodated
with the public money, or this evil, the suspension
of specie payments, is not. to be removed, so far
as ihe writer of this letter has the power to pre-
vent it. Prom this I think it manifest that the
bank , relying upon the use of the public money,
have overtraded, and that is principally the cause
of the inability of some of them to resume specie
payments.
The third reason assigned for the suspension, is
the clamor which it is said the Executive has
raised against bank notes. This is so intangible
a matter that it is difficult to reason about it. If
the writer had  stated, that in a public document
bank notes had been denounced, and their want of
safety proclaimed, and then shown the effects pro-
duced by it, the subject could have been examined,
and the accuracy of the assertion tested. Instead
of this, a general allegation is presented, which,
from its nature, and the vague manner in which
it is brought forward, is incapable of proof or
disproof.
This letter further states, that the suspension
was wholly conventional between the banks and
the public. It is true the people have in a degree
asqniesced. But why? Because of the necessity
under which the banks were laboring. The fo-
reign debt was piessmg upon them, and a general
apprehension prevailed, that the country was to be
drained of its specie; and that without a suspen-
sion the banks would become bankrupt, on account
of the exertions mads by the Bank of England,
through its agents here, to procure coin for the be-
nefit of that institution. What is the stale of
things now? The foreign debt is paid, and ex-
changes are in favor of this country. Instead of
specie flowing out of the country, it is daily ar-
riving to large amounts; nearly every arrival from
England is accompanied with the anmmeiatkm of
the arrival of large quantities of coin.   In short}
