Aftáí ISM.
áPPmntt f O THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LOSE.
M
25th ConG'---2nd Sess.
Resurrection Notes—Mr. Grundy.
Senate.
civilly or ctimmally, according to the nature oí the
case. Thus Congress has passed laws to punish
larceny of letters from the post offices, robbery of
mail, and other offences against the Post Office De-
partment; against larceny and embezzlement of
public property, against bribery of public officers,
false swearing in pension and other cases, counter-
feiting notes of the Bank of the United States, and
other offences enumerated in the bank charter. In
all these cases Congress proceeded 'without any
special grant of power to pass these laws; the
special grant of power to pass criminal laws in the
Constitution being only as to "counterfeiting the
securities and current coin of the United States,
piracies and felonies on the high se.as, and offences
against the law of nations." Therefore, to-passing
all the other criminal laws to be found in the sta-
tute books, Congress have acted upon the general
power above stated.
Now let us apply the principles I have above
stated to the first section of the bill before the Se-
nate. The notes described in tlie first section of
tha bill have been created under a law of the Uni-
ted States; that is, under the act of 1816, creating
the Bank of the United States. The issuing of tbem
either before or after the expiration of the charter
is, therefore, a case arising under a law of the United
States. The payment of these notes by a suit
against the bank before the expiration of the char-
ter, or against its trustee in equity after the-expira-
tion of the charter, could be enforced in the courts
of the United States. Why? Because they are
causes arising- under a law of the United States, and,
therefore, under the judicial powers of the United
States. For the same.reason, the counterfeiting of
the note may be made punishable in the United
States courts,, although a concurrent jurisdiction
exists in the State courts. Had no provision been
contained in the charter against counterfeiting these
notes, and although Congress had passed no law
upon the subject until the expiration of the charter,
still Congress might now pass a law to punish the
counterfeiting of the notes,' because they arose
under a law of the United States. That the first
section of this bill might have been incorporated in,
and made.a part of, the act of 1816, will, I presume,
be denied by no one. If it could have been- done
then, Congress can do it now; for time does not
affect the principle, as I will presently show. Con-
gress did, in fact, after the bank was in operation,
pass several acts upon the subject. One on the 3d
of March, 1819, (vol. 6, page 409,) "To prevent
bribery of the president or directors;"and new provi-
sions against crimes in the acts of 1825, (vol. 7,
pages 397 and 399)' etc. The act of lie present
session to prevent the abatement of suits in which
the bank is a party, passed after the expiration of
the "charter. This proves that although the corpo-
ration is extinct, yet Congress possesses the power
to act upon any matter or thing which arose, or had
its origin, tinder the charter or law of the United
States. Had Congress foreseen what has occurred,
they would doubtless have inserted some provision
in the charter similar to the one contained in the
first section of this bill. Now that this evil, which
■was unforeseen, has occurred, it is no less their
province to suppress it.
There is another ground upon which the power
to pass the first section of this bill can.be main-
tained. By the Constitution, article first, section
eighth, Congress is authorized to "coin money,
and to regulate the value thereof, and of foreign
coin." The last clause of the same section gives
power to pass all laws necessary and proper to
carry this power of coining money into execution.
Now without construing this power, or the power.
to regulate commerce, in the broad, latitudinous
manner in which it has been interpreted by some
Senators in the debate on the currency question,
and without admitting that it empowers Congress
to create and regulate a paper currency, I think it
should be conceded, that if Congress should think
the circulation of the old notes of expired corpora-
tibns'created by Congress sn injurious interference
with the circulation of the money eoiried in pursuance
of the Constitution, then they have the same power
to suppress their circulation which they have to
suppress spurious or adulterated coin. No express
v -íw jc given to prohibit th« circulation of foreign
coin; the express power is to regulate Us value; but
Congress has always exercised the power to discri-
minate a£ to what shall p'ass as a legal currency,
and no doubt could positively prohibit the circula-
tion of all-foreign coin, if it were discovered that
its circulation was injurious to oar own" coin.
Then, ás these old notes grew out ef an act cf
Congress, and as the bank has no longer under its
charter any vested or other rights to circulate them,
Congress may undoubtedly prohibit their further
circulation by persons connected with the expired
corporation, which is the sole object of the 1st sec-
tion of this bill.
Whether Congress could pass snch a law as to
the notes of an expired State institution, is a very
different question, and upon which my conclusions
would be different; but it certainly is competent for
Congress to control acts and things growing out of
their own legislation, in such a manner as not to
obstruct or defeat the great purpose for which the
coining power was given ; that is, the circulation
among the people of gold and silver, made by the
General Government, provided Congress shall not,
by its enactments, violate any existing contracts or
vested rights.
I will further add to the views already presented,
that those who believe Congress has the power to
create a national bank, and make and regulate a
paper currency, cannot deny to Coagress.the power
to pass the 1st section of this bill; at least, all the
arguments they use in favor of these powers, neces-
sarily prove the existence of the power for which
I contend.
Those who deny the power of Congress to create
a national bank, and also deny its power to make
and regulate a paper currency, should not object to
this measure ; because the power to pass it has
been shown under the judicial and coining powers.
Further, whatever they may think of the consti-
tutionality of the act of 1816, incorporating the
bank, the fact that it was incorporated, that it acted,
and in its action made and issued these notes, can-
not be denied.
Legislators must deal with facts as they find
them, and act practically. The facts being that
these bills wereput afloat under a law of Congress
actually passed, and that they are now afloat, no
doubts as to the power of Congress to pass acts
should prevent Congress from suppressing the evil
in question. If there were no power to authorise
the issue of these notes, a fortiori, ought Congress
to suppress them Inftead of the want of power to
create the bank, being an argument against sup-
pressing these notes now, it would have been a
good reason twenty years ago; that is, so soon as
Congress became satisfied that the Constitution had
been violated by passing an unauthorised act.
As to the 2d section of the bill, all the arguments
I have used in reference to the first section equal-
ly apply to it. It provides for the issuing of an
injunction against the trustee, and those acting un-
der its authority, and clothes the Circuit Courts of
the United States, sitting in chancery, with power
to cause these notes to be cancelled. In support
of this section, there is the additional argument,
that the United States have a direct pecuniary in-
terest in the matter.
If the Government were suable, I think it very
clear, that in ease of a failure to pay by the trustee,
the Government, would be liable, in equity, for
such of these bills as were issued before the expira-
tion oOheeharter,and as havenever been redeemed,
to the extent of the stock itowned in the corporation,
and for which it has withdrawn corporate fund?.
If it could be proved that the holder of bills had
received them from the trustee or itsagents after ihr
expiration of the charter, that might be proof of
notice on the holder, that the}- were issued after
the dissolution or teiroiastion of the partnership,
which would exonerate the United Slates. But the
proof of ¡his fact would be difficult, if not impossi-
ble, under any circumstances; and therefore it is a
fit case for a chancellor to enjoin the party having
them in possession from issuing them.
Although the Government cannot be sued, i:s
moral obligation to see that the trust be not viola-
ted remains, and so does its pecuniary inte-
rest; and whatever an individual, under the
same   circumstances,   weuld   be   compelled   to
do by the judicial tribunals of the country,
a just Government will do roltintarily. it woald
be impossible to distinguish betweea the bills
which were put into circulation btimp the ?x>
piration- of the charter, and never redeemed, and
those which have been redeemed, and again put
into circulation, so that all the bills of Ém bite
bank which may be in circulation, in .case «f a
failure in the trustee to pay them, will constitute a
claim against the United States, to the extent I
have stated.
This pecuniary interest added to the other con-
sideration I have mentioned, makes a clear case
for the interposition and action of Congress. For
it is as much the duty of Congress to provide
agamst the arising or creation ef an unjust debt or
demand against the United States, as it is to pro-
vide against the incursions of the savages or any
foreign enemy.
I have understood that some doubt whether
the United States would be liable, under
the circumstances which have taken place. I
entertain no sueh doubts, provided tae United
States could be sued. I admit, if A sells his
stock in a bank to B, and transfers it, A is
no longer liable, because by this transfer the
funds of the bank are not lessened, and its ability te
pay is not diminished; but this is a very different
case. Here a corporation, out of its corporate
funds, has paid to a partner or corporator, eight
millions of dollars, which were subject to the lia-
bilities of the bank, and for the redemption ef these
old notes. To that extent, its abilUy to pay is re-
duced. It may be assimilated to this case. There
are three partners in trade; their property and lia-
bilities are extensive. At the close or termination
of their business, one of them withdraws, while
the other two continue the business, undertaking
to pay all outstanding debts. The party withdraw-
ing, receiv es out of the partnership property his
proportion of the capital and supposed profits. In
case of a failure, would any one say that the partner
who had withdrawn would not be answerable? I
presume not.
Upon the second question, Is it expedient to sup-
press the circulation of these notes? Will the cir-
culation of the bank be diminished? Certainly not,
if it be the intention of the present bank to act
fairly and honestly. As to the "notes on hand or
under its control, the bank has nothing to do but
to issue its own nstes, instead of issuing them, and
so of those now in circulation, whenever they are
redeemed by the bank. The ability of the bank to
extend or carry on its business, does.not depend on
the kind of notes it puts into circulation, if all are
paid in specie on demand. It depends on its
means of payment and its credit. If it shall
be said that the old notes will have more cre-
dit than new ones, this is a false credit, which
ought not to be permitted to exist. This bank,
like all others, should rely on its own re-
sources; that is, its money and its credit.
The character of the Government requires that
a stop should be put to the circulation of these
notes. Such was the intention of the Congress of
1816, and such the plain import of the charier un-
der which they were "made.. It is disreputable to
the Government to permit any set of individuals to
pervert its enactments to purposes altogether incon-
sistent with its original design ; and such is plainly
and palpably the ease iu this instance. No man
who voted for the act of incorporation in 1816,
supposed such an evasion to prevent the closing up
of the affairs of the corporation, as has been prac-
tised, would be attempted. By the seventeenth
section of the original charter, the power is reserved
to Congress to make laws to enforce the payment
of the notes of the bank, with twelve per cent, per
annum in favor of the holders ; now thev are cir-
culated by a corporation which disclaims the
power of this Government to make any law what-
ever to enforce their payment. In this way the
power of this Government is eluded.
. Mr. President, this is the institution which has
placed itself at the hetad of ÜV non-resuming banks,
and its president, as generalissimo of the allied
forces, has called upon his supposed feudatories
and dependants to come to his assistance in the war
he is waging against the people and their Govern-
