April 1838.                         APÍ
>ENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIOHAJ
¿ Gtlíá3fB¡ht.
309
25th Cong—2nd Sess.
Resurrection Notes—Mr. Buchanan.
-
i Sécate.
by the name of the City of Ihe Bank or mat ble pa-
lace; and well have her citizens .earned this distinc-
tion by their loyalty. Will the Bank now consent
to see her commerce and trade languish, and her
star wane before that of New York, ralher than re-
trace its steps and resume specie payments? No,
never.    Forbid it, gratitude!
That this must be. the effect, who can doubt?
Merchants who come from a distance to purchase
goods with money in hand will go where they can
buy the cheapest; and goods at a specie standard
must always be cheaper than in a depreciated cur-
rency. Those who have produce to sell, especially
if the sale is to be made upon credit, will select
that market where they will receive its price in a
sound currency. Already the prospect of resump-
tion in New York has made Philadelphia bank
notes worth less by five per cent, than those of that
city. What will this difference become when the
one city shall have resumed, and the circulation of
the other shall be irredeemable paper? Who that
has money to remit or deposits will send it to Phi-
ladelphia, to be returned in notes depreciated to an
extent which cannot be foreseen, when they can
send it to New York with a perfect confidence that
it will be returned to them according to the specie
standard? TJndei such a state of things, the trade
of New York must inc-ease and flourish at the ex-
pense of that of Philadelphia. I have not time, at
present, to enter into funher particulars on this
branch of the subject.
The people of Pennsylvania have submitted pa-
tiently to the suspension of specie payments by
their banks. They have bowed to the necessity
which existed, and have treated them with kindness
and generosity. The Bank of the United Stateshas
procíaimed its abi!ity to resume, and our other
banks are in the same situation. The necessity for
a further suspension no longer exists. Pay your
honest debts when you are able, is a maxim dear
to tfee people of Pennsylvania. This duty has now
become a question of morality, far transcending
any question of policy. If these privileged corpo-
rations now any longer refuse to pay their honest
debts, either for the sake of their own advantage,
or from a desire to elevate one political party and
depress another, the indignation of honest men, of
■all parties, will be roused against them. Ihere
will be a burr-l of popular feeling from our moun-
tains and our valleys, which they will be compelled
to respect. Thank God! public opinion in the in-
tenor of Pennsylvania is yet stronger than the mo-
ney power. Our people will never submit to the
degradation that their banks shall furnish them no
currency but that of irredeemable paper; whilst,
throughout the State of New Yoik, the banks shall
have resumed specie payments. Nothing could
be more wounding to my own pride, as a Penn-
sylvanian.
If our bank^ should hold oat, under the com-
mand of their great leader, until the first day of
January next, many of them will never be able to
resume. The public confidence, which their con-
duct since the suspension has hitherto inspned,
will long ere that distant day cease to exist. No
run would now be made on them in case they resume;
but if they are forced into the measure by public
opinion, after resisting as long as they can, the
days of many of them will then be numbered.
Honesty, duty, policy, all conspire to dictate to
them a speedy resumption.
In conclusion, permit me to remark, that the
people of the United States have abundant cause
for the deepest gratitude towards that great and
glorious man now in retirement for preventing the
recharter of the Bank of the United States. He is
emphatically the man of the age, and has left a
deeper and more enduring impress upon it than
any individual of our country. Still, in regard to
the bank, he performed but half his work. For its
completion we are indebted to the president of the
Bank. Had the Bank confined itself, after it ac-
cepted the-charter from Pennsylvania, to its mere
banking and financial operations—had it exerted
its'power to regulate the domestic exchanges of the
country—and, above all, had it taken the lead in
the resumption of specie payments, a new bank,
Ph'ccnix-lilte, might have arisen from the ashes of
the old.   That danger, from present appearances,
has now passed away. The open defiance of Con-
gress by the Bank—the laws of the country over
and over again violated—its repeated attempts to
interfere in the party politics of the day—all, all
have taught the people the danger ©f such a vast
moneyed corporation. Mr. Biddle has finished the
work which Gen. Jackson only commenced.
Not one particle of personal hostility towards
that gentleman has been mingled in my discus-
sion of the question. On the contrary, as a pri-
vate gentleman, I respect him; and my peisonal
intercourse with him, though not frequent, has
been of the most agreeable character. I am al-
ways ready to do justice to his great and varied
talents. I have spoken of the public conduct of
the Bank over which he presides with the freedom
and boldness which I shall always exercise in the
performance of my public duties. It is the Pre-
sident of the Bank, not the man, that I have as-
sailed. It is the nature of the institution over
which he presides that has made him what he is.
Like all other men, he must yield to his destiny.
The possession of such vast and unlimited power,
continued for a long period of years, would have
turned the head of almost any other man, and
have driven him to as great excesses.
In vain you may talk to me about paper re-
strictions in the charter of a bank of suiBcient
magnitude tobe able to crush the other banks of
the country. When, did a vast moneyed monopo-
ly ever regard the law, if any great interest of its
own stood in the way? It will then violate its
charter, and its own power will secure it impuni-
ty. It well knows that in its destruction the rum
of hundreds and thousands would be involved,
and therefore it can do almost what it pleases. The
history of the B?.nk for several years past has
been one continued history of violated laws, and
of attempts to interfere in the politics of the coun-
try. Create mother bank, and place any other
man at its head, and the result will be same. Such
an institution wiil always hereafter prove too strong
for Ihe Government; because we cannot again expect
to see, at least in our day, another Andrew Jackson
in the Presidential chair. On the othe-r hand,
should such a bank, wielding the moneyed power
of the country, form an alliance with the political
power, and that is the natural position of the par-
ties, their combined influence would govern the
Union, and liberty might become an empty name.
MR. BUCHANAN'S REPLY TO MR. CLAY,
ON THE SAME DAT.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had never enjoyed
many triumphs, and therefore he prized ¡he more
highly the one which he had won this day. He
had forced the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
fMr. Clay,] to break that determined silence which
had hitherto sealed his lips on the subject of this
bill. Thus, said Mr. B. I have adorned my brow
with a solitary sprig of laurel. Not one wort was
he to utter upon the present occasion. This he had
announced publicly.
[Here Mr. Clay dissented.]
Mr. Buchanan-. I thought he had announced
the other day his determination not to debate ¡he
question, and stafed this as the reason why he pro-
pounded to the Senator from New Jersey [Mr.
Wall] the question whether, in his opinion, John
Brockenbrough and Albert Gallatin could be con-
stitutionally punished by Congress for re-issuing
the old notes of the Bank of the United States.
[Mr. Clay again explained.]
Well, said Mr. Buchanan, the Senator did in-
tend to address the Senate on this subject, and the
only sprig of laurel which I ever expected to win
from him has already withered. Yet still theie
was an evident reluctance on his part, wh.ch all
must have observed, to enter into this contest.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Prentiss] had
made an able constitutional argument m opposition
to the bill. With the exception of that gentleman,
and the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr. Pres-
ton.] a profound silence had leigned on this (ihe
Whig) side of the house. The question had been
propounded by the Vice President, and the vote
was about to be taken, when I rose and addressed
the Senate. Immediately after I had taken un-
seat, theSenator from Kentucky sprung to bis feet,
and ha  made one of his best speeches, for it be-
longs to the character of his mind to make the
ablest efforts with "the least preparation. I will
venture to say he had not intended to make that
speech when he entered the Senate chamber this
morning,
[Mr. Clay admitted this to be the fact]r     ¥
Then, said Mr. Bdcbanan, I have succeeded,.and
my sprig of laurel is again green.
The gentleman says I may hang Nick Biddle, if
I please; but I please to do no such thing. I would
be sorry to subject him even to the punishment of
imprisonment denounced by this bill; and if he
shonld ever be convicted under its provisions, I
hope the court may coatem itself with the infliction
of a mere pecuniary fine. Hang Nick Btddlc, in-
deed! I wish to keep him for the service of the
Whig party, should they ever come into power.
The Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Preston]
had said, at the extra session, that Mr. Biddle, if
appointed Secretary of the Treasury, would, in
thirty or sixty days, I forget which, heal all the dis-
orders in the currency, and remove all the -finan-
cial embarrassments of the Government. His ap-
pointment would prove a sovereign panacea for all
existing evils. Now I go for this Administration
both from principle and inclination, and shall sup-
port the re-eltction of the present President; but if
I were a Whig, the Senator from Kentucky would
be my first choice. I should, therefore, be very
sorry to deprive him of the services of Mr. Biddle,
who will make, in the opinion of the Senator's
friend from South Carolina, the very best Secretary
of the Treasury in the whole country.
The Senator from Kentucky asks me why I do
not defend Mr. Biddle, a distinguished citizen of
my own State. My answer is at hand. I cannot
defend his conduct as president of the Bank, be
cause I believe it to be wholly indefensible; and he
has been attacked in no other character. I should
have bten proud and happy to undertake this task,
could I have performed it consistently with my
"conscience. But why dies the Senator propound
such a question to me? I confidently expected
Mr. Bidd.'e would hare been defended by a much
more eloquent tongue. I defend him! when the
eloquent gentlemen all around me are his own pe-
culiar friends; and yet, strange to ¡el!, not one of
them has attempted to justify hts conduct. " Eut
yesterday he might have stood against the world."
'■Hehasfailen, ¡alien fromhiskighestate." Whence
this ominous silence? I wished to hear him de-
fended, if it could be done, by gentlemen of his
own political party, who have never hitherto
shrunk from such a responsibility.
The Senator asserts that the Bank of the United
State-- is no longer in existence. But are not the
president, directors, and oflicers, the same that they
were under the old charter? Has it not branch
banks in at least two States—Louisiana and Geor-
gia, and branch agencies scattered over the rest of
the'Umon? And to render its continued existence
still more palpable, has it not seized all the notes
of the old Bank, good, bad, and indifferent, and
converted them to its owu use? Why, sir, accord-
ing to its very last return, it has but little more
than three hundred thousand dollars of new notes
in c'rculation. whilst the circulation of its old notes
exceeds six millions. Is it not still diffusing its
blessings and its benefits every v.liere, in tSe opi-
nion of its friends and admirers? Why has it not,
then, proved to be the grand regufator of the cur-
rency, and prevented a suspension of specie pay-
menis? If that were impossible, why is it not, at
least, the first amoDg the banks to urge their re-
sumption? Had itacted thus, it is possible it might
have obtained anotiier charter from Congress.
But when we find not only that it could not save it-
self from the general crash, but that it is,now the
great leader in opposing a resumption of specie
payments, we must lose our confidence in its power
as a grand regulator.
But this Bank, says the Senator, is a mere do-
mestic institution cf Pennsylvania. With one of
its arms stretched across the Atlantic, for the pur-
pose of loaning money, buying bills, and regulating
exchanges there, whilst, with the other, it conduo'-j
immense banking and trading operatmas here, co-
extensive with the Union, how caa it be. called a
