May, 1838.___________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.__________________Sl5
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.                                              District Banks—Mr. Niks.                                                                                       Senate.
adulteration of these metals, might perhaps regulate
itself. The object of coinage laws is to guard the
public dsrainst fraud, and lo secure a uniform fine-
ness and weight to the pieces of metal used as mo-
ney, which it would be difficult and troublesome
for individuals to ascertain. But how can paper
money, which cost nothing, and can be manuiac-
tured to any extent, regulate itself* What princi-
ple of self-regulation does it possess? He knew of
none. But those who apply the free trade princi-
ples to banking operations, consider thai if the mo-
nopoly principle was removed, the paper issued by
bank:* would not possess the character of money.
If they were right in this, their conclusion would no
doubt be correct, that banking should be left entirely
free. But in that case, there would be no paper
money, so that by this course of reasoning they do
not establish the position that paper money will re-
gulate itself. They only propose to destroy paper
money, or change its character into commercial
paper or credit merely. If such a change could be
effected, the currency of the country would neces-
sarily become metallic, and the paper issued by
banks and bankers would perform no other func-
tion than that of commercial credit.
If such would be the effect of applying the free
trade principles to banking, the result would be
highly favorable, although it would not prove that
a paper currency requires no legal regulation, and
that it is capable of regulating itself.
In th,s view of the matter, the whole difficulty
resol /es íhelf imn a mere question of/act, whether,
under the principles of free tride, the credit or pa-
per of banks would pease to possess the attributes
and perform the functions of money1 If it should,
free banking would be perfectly safe and work well.
But if it should still retain the character of money,
so as lo supersede coin, then free banking will not
be safe, unless paper money can regulate itself,
which he entirely denied, and regarded as a propo-
sition false and abaurd upon its face. In regard to
the fact whether the emissions of bank  and
bankers, under the free trade principle, would ac-
quire the character of money, so as to supersede
com, theie was no room for doubt on the subject.
The experience of our own and other countries ful-
ly establishes the fact, that such paper will acquire
the character and be used as a currency, and su-
persede specie. The existence of chartered com-
panies, aid the monopoly principle, no doubt im-
parts to ihe paper of banks moie readily the attri-
butes and functions of money. Under the free
banking principle, it would no doubt require more
time to give to the paper and credit of a banking
company the circulation and uses of money; still,
however, it would acquire them, and would as ef-
fectually supersede and displace coin as is now
done by the paper of incorporated companies.
The iiee banking system, therefore, rests on a
position unsound in point ol fact. Where the law
allows of the emission and circulation of credit for
the uses and purposes of money, it will exist, and
especially in a country where the people have been
accustomed to a paper currency. So great is the
facility of circulating paper money in this country,
that even the authority of positive laws is found
almost incapable of restraining it. As paper money
will exist, unless positively prohibited, it becomes
the duty of the Legislature to attempt to regulate
and restrain it, so as to keep it from running into
excess, and to guard the community against a frau-
dulent currency. The error m regard to free bank-
ing, appears to arise from not attending to the dis-
tinction between paper credit which circulates and
is used as money, and paper of a mere commercial
character. If banks were restrained from issuing
paper to be used as money, which usurps the place
of the national com, the tree trade principle would
no doubt be the true system of banking. But if by
free banking is meant the unrestrained manufac-
ture and cnculation of money by any company or
individuals who may choo-e to assume the trade oí
brokers and binkers, without any legal regulation,
restriction, or safeguards whatever, then free bank-
ing is but another name for free and legalized
swindling. It is no doubt the right of any one tj
make as fue a use of his credit as he pleases—it is
as, much his property as his capital, but he has no
right to use it as money or currency, as that does
not belong to any uidtvidual—it is a concern of the
State.
Whenever, therefore, the laws allow of paper
money, in whatever form it may be created and
circulated, it becomes the duty of the Government
to regulate it so as to give to it secanty and stabi-
lity as far as possible, to guard the public agaiast
frauds, and check and control its tendency to ex-
cess. Mr. N. said he had thrown out these ideas,
as not inapplicable to the question before the Se-
nate; for as long as such great diversity of opinions
prevail among those who admit the defects and
evils of our present banking system, in regard to
the remedy, he saw little prospect, or even hope, of
the country ever being relieved from the calami-
ties of a vicious banking and paper money system.
Assuming, therefore, that if Government authorizes
a paper currency, it is its duty to attempt to rege-
late it, and protect the public against frauds and
excesses, it becomes necessary to inquire what
principles are importa t to secure this desirable ob-
ject; and none, he believed, was more essential or
fundamental than that requiring a reasonable
specie basis to sustain the issues and credits of
banks.
It is well known, as has already been stated m
this debate, to be a rule with the Bask of England,
to require one dollar m specie to every three dol-
lars of their circulation and deposites. This bill
requires one dollar in specie to ¿our of circulation,
if the amendment prevailed, it would require one
in specie for four of circulation and deposites uni-
ted. This ib objected to on various grounds, as
being too ligid a rule.
We are told by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr
Rives,] that there is something peculiar in this Dis-
trict; that it is an isolated commun'ty, unrepresent-
ed; and that, from these peculiarity, rules which
might be applicable elsewhere, ought not to be ap-
plied here, or ought to be relaxed in their rigor.
He could not perceive the force of this argument.
If the people are unrepresented, he should regard
that as an additional reason why we should be
more cautious not tc expose them to the dang-ers of
unsound and unsafe banking institutions, and the
evils of a fraudulent currency. And if we look to
the history of banking in the District, he thought
«e must be satisfied that there was at least as
much dinger from banks here as any where e'se
He hoped for the honor of the coantry, there was
no other len miles square with the same popula ion,
where there had been so many bank failures, or where
the people had suffered so severely from the mis-
management and gross abuses of their banking m-
s itutions. He could not, however, admit that
there was any thing peculiar in the Distric , it was
like other places where there was but little capital
and less trade; and the disasteis which had befalien
Ihe money institutions here, were, no doubt, owiig
mainly to the great excess of banking capital which
had been impiudently created.
But, having first denied the application of the
rule m regard to specie to this District, the Senator
fi nally seemed to doubt, if not to deny, the propriety
of the rule itself. He tells us that the condition
of the currency m England is very different from
what it is in the United States; that one-half of
their currency is metallic; and a much less propor-
tion here; and on this account, he contended, that a
greater proportion of specie to circulation would
be required there.
Mr. N said he believed the reverse of that was the
truth. The more specie enters into the currency of
a country in general circulation, the less is required
by banks as a basis to sustain their paper issues
This results from the reasons of the rule requiring a
certain proportion of specie to paper. What is
that reason? The Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Webster,] says it is to regulate the issues of
banki, the principle of convertibility not being- ade-
quate for that purpose; and the Senator from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Riyes]  ays it is to impart to papei
issues the capacity to expand and contract in the
same mannei as specie would do. These reasons
are stibstanlially the same, and both coned so
f*r as they go, but they are only results of a pim-
ciple which lies  still deeper, and is one of more
vital importance. It is a law of currency, that
only a certain part or proportion of paper currency
can be maintained in any country. What that
proportion is, has not been establise'l, and it would
vary in different countries, and in the same under
different circumstances. Still it is a settled prin-
ciple, that a part only of the currency of a country,
can consist of paper, as the idea of an entire paper
currency is an absurdity. One important reason
then why banks are required to keep a certain
amount of specie, is to retain it in the country,
and prevent the currency becoming entirely pa-
per But when the channels of circulation are
one half filled with com, there is much less neces
sity for the banks which supply the paper to be
fortified with specie, as they may obtain a supply,
as they have occasion for it, from the general circu-
lation.
It was said by the late Mr. Huskisson '-that
the circulation of one pound notes, and the con-
vertibility of bank issues, could not coexist.'' The
reason for this opinion is, that whilst the circulation
of small notes would greatly increase the danger
of runs upon banks, they would, at the same time,
drive nearly all coi-i from circulation, and leave
the coantry with nothing but a paper currency
The importance of maintaining a proper portion
of specie m the country was admitted by Alexan-
der Hamilton, m his report m favor of the bank
which was established in 1791. Among other ob-
jections to the banks, he notices (his, that it would
drive the specie ftom the country, and lemarks
that it is contended by many, that if such was the
result, it would be of no consequence. He, how-
ever, does not admit the correctness of that opi-
nion, but attempts to prove that the banks would
increase capital, stimulate industry, and augment
the exports, which would bring specie into the
country rather than tend to drive it out
But although it be true that the greater quantity
or proportion of com in general circulation in Eng-
land would require less specie to be kept on hend
by the banks, yet there are other causes operating
there which do not exist here that might render
more necessary. The notes of the Bank of Eng-
land are a legal tender in all payments, except at
the banks; they are made, by law, the standard of
value, and to support that standard, they must
hai e a strong specie basis, being treated as money
in law, it must be nearly assimilated to money in
fact, otherwise the standard of value would be al-
together facticoüs and arbitrary; one which could
not be maintained.
But whilst we are tokl that the rule in England
wou'd not be a proper one in this country, we are,
at the same time, informed that there is no rule
there in respect to specie, or that it is not regarded.
It is said to have been departed from m 1836,
when, instead of having n.ne or ten millions of bul-
lion, which was necessary to maintain the propor-
tion, the bank had but about four millions. This
is true, but it is also true that the conduct of the
bank was universally condemned by all parties,
and their disregard of this rule of safety was alleged
and belies ed to be the principal cause of the ex-
pansion of the currency, and the subsequent revul-
sion.
We ate further told, sir, that the proportion of
one to four ol specie is unnecessanlv large, and the
condition of the banks in the United States in 1829
is relied upon in support of this position It is said,
on the authority of Mr. Gallatin, that at that time
the banks had but one dollar in specie for eight of
circulation, and asserted that our banks and cur-
rency were never m a sounder condition That the
banking institutions of the country were in a sound
condition with so small a proportion of specie to
their circulation, is utterly impossible If the banks
were then in a sound condition, and acting on
sound principles, how has it happened that they so
soon run down and exploded1 If this statement i*
correct, they had less specie compared to their cir-
culation than they had last year at the time ol their
explosion. The very fact that the banks have, in
a few years, without increasing their circulation,
as compared with th«ir specie funds, bejond wl =u
it was in 1829, ran down and exploded, is coriciu-
