May, 1838.                   APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.    ___________         ¿.7
25tk Cox6--2.nd Sess._______________      Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Jones.                                                            H. of Reps.
TREASURY NOTE BILL.
SPEECH OiTmR.JONEiS,
Of Virginia,
In tiu House ef Representatives, May    , 1838 —On
¡the  bill to authorize the issuing of Treasury
notes to meet the current expenses of the Go-
vernment,
Mb. Speaker. I rise, sir, to ask the indulgence
of the House, while I shall undertake to assign the
reasons which induce me to give to the bill, now
under consideraron, my support; and, in doing
even this, I am departing írom a .ule which at a
veryjearly period of this proceeding I had laid down
for the government of my own conduct. I had
believed, sir, that the best sei vice it would be in
my power to render my country, at this time, was
to consume as little time as possible, in order to
enable u> 10 ast promptly, and speedily, upon the
bill before us. Nor should I be disposed now, for
a moment, to depart from my original determina-
tion, but rather have remained a silent spectator of
the scene that has been acting around me, had it
Rot been for the course the debate has taken, and
which seems to render it necessary, on the pait of
those at least who are members of the committee
írom which this bill was reported, that the grounds
of their action should be fairly and frankly presen-
ted to the House, and to the country, m order that
all may have afforded to them an opportunity of
judging of its merits.
Sir, I should feel that I was recreant to the trust
confided to me, and unworthy of the place I hold
hereof I could set tacitly by, and tamely submit, |
without explanation or resistance, to what I have |
heard in the course of this debate. Sir, what have j
we witnessed"1 An honorable member from Ten- .
nessee, [Mr Bell,] has made a labored argument '
to prove that this bill is calculated to mislead and
deceive the public mind; that m effect it is to ope-
rate as a deception and fraud upon the pub-
lic. Sir, when this extraordinary declaration
was made by that member, I sat in anxious
expectation to hear so grave a charge sus-
tained by as grave reasoning, based upon proof,
which would be clear, strong, irresistible, incon-
trovertible. But in what did his pioof consist1 Not in
facts which applied to the bill itself, which is ideut.-
cal m principle with that passed at the last session of
Congress, after the most minute investigation, ma-
ture reflection, and full debate, but m his own na-
ked declaration that the title to the bill is deceptive!
Sir, as to the title, Í candidly confers that my atten
tion has never been di awn to it for a single mo-
ment; indeed, I never spent a though: upon it until
I saw it taken hold of in this House, and relied
upon by honorable gentlemen as a giound of at-
tack upon those who have been instrumental in re-
porting it, and without pretending to know the rea-
sons which influenced the framer of the bill, and
the author of its title, to adopt the phraseology
which he has, I presume that he, looking to what
was intended by Congress at its last session, con-
sidered that it was the object of the former bill to
give to the Government the use of ten millions of
dollars ot Treasury notes, up to the full end and
close of the present j ear; and perceiving that such
was not the effect of that law, but, on the contrary,
that we have now leturned into the Treasury, and
cancelled, about six millionsof those notes, he very
naturally concluded that what was intended by the
bill of the last session was not in fact done, and
hence he adopted the following as its title- "An act
to carry into effect an act approved the 12th day
of October, 1837, to authorize the issu.ng of Trea-
sury notes."
Mr. Speaker, the members of the Committee
know too well the character of the Opposition in
this House, to have attempted so shallow an arti-
fice, if, under any circumstances, they could be ca-
pable of resorting to artifice at all, an Opposition
which can find nothing that proceeds from this Ad-
ministration or its supporters to approve, but every
thing to condemn They know that no such thm
and gossamer covering as a deceptive title to a
bill, could ever conceal tha perpetration of a fraud
■spon the country; and jet the argument is, to prove
that an attempt is made to place this question be-
fore the country in a point of view calculated to
mwlead and deceive the public mind. Sir, does
not every man know (and none better than the
honorable member from Tennessee) that the title
to this, as well as every other bill that comes up
for consideration, is at all times under ihe control
of ihe House, to be altered and amended at its will
and pleasure? And I doubt not I express the sentí- i
ments of every member upon the Committee
friendly to the bill, when I say that there would
nave been no objection on the part of any one of
them to' any proper amendment which should be
p opo-ed, oeiter suited lo the taste of honorable
gentlemen, come from what quarter it might. But
the people are to be imposed upon, it seems, and
imposed upon by the mere reading of the title to a
bill!
This is taking it for granted that, while they are
able to read ihe title, they have not intelligence
enough, but are too gro5sly ignoiant, to understand
the body of a bill just ten lines in length' Sir, I
will not dwell upon this frivolous abjection. It
would be insult ig to an intelligent people.
Mr. Speaker, we are all here, 1 a¡ prehend,
doubtless m quest of trudi. I am sure it is the
anxious desire o_ all gentlemen, of every party, to
obtain correct information, to enable them to act
understanding^, and with a view to promote the
best interests ot our common country. I feel, how-
ever, that 1 am circumscribed, very much so, m
the remarks I have to submit to the consideration
of the Hou«e, but I trust I shall not be found vio-
lating your lules of order; intentionally Ine\er
shall I propose, sir, to discuss this quesuon. upon
proof*, and not upon mere assemon, or loud and
empty declamation. It is upon the proofs alone I
shall relv, in the confident eipeo'atioa that I shall
"at sly all, who may not have been convinced be-
fen;, it th >v be such here, thot this Government
has the most ample means to redeem all its ooaga-
lions, and although they may not be all avai'able
in the course of the present year, which I shall noi
insist upon, yet that it has ampie means to redeem
all its obligations, and that, too, before there can be
any call upon it under the law now propo ed to be
passed. This induces me to look back for a single
moment to days gone by, font is sometimes useful
to refresh our memories by recurring 10 ihe past,
even if it be not very remote, and although it may
be at the risk of involving honorable gentlemen m
inconsistency.
It v. ill be recollected, Sir, that at the called ses-
sion oí Congress, m September ¡ast, ihe finances
of the Government weie scanned with the closest
possible scrutiny, yes, sir, by eyes that looked
to it for the express purpose of proving the abi-
lity of the Government, in a pecuniary point of
view, to carry out the provisions of the Deposite
act or the 26th of June, 183C. It cannot be so soon
foigotten that it was then maintained thDt ¡be con-
dition of the Treasury was sucn as not only lo
enable the Secretary to meet the curren' demands
upon ii, and to , ay over the tourih instalment, b"it
that there would then remain some millions oi dol-
íais of suiplus beyond the legitimate wants of the
Government. These were the views then enter-
tained, and actel upon, by those who now oppose
the passage of this bill, and by none were tbev
more strong1}' urged and sustained, on that occa-
sion, than by the honorable member from Tennes-
see, [Mr Bell,] who sits befoie me, but who now
maintains, «hile Ihe same state of things exists, the
v ery re vei se of the proposition which he then la-
bored to establish and to prove.
A strange alteration of opinion this, Mr. Speaker,
m the space of a few short months ' Then the
gentleman could demonstrate, to his own saiisfac~
tion at least, that there were millions upon milbons
in the Treasury over and above the nine millions
for the Slates—over and above all the necessaiy
expenses of the Government—to meet its legm
mate «ants, and over and above our extraordinary
expem.es on account ot Indian hostilities; but
now, alas! Ihe scene has chanted, and the same
gentleman has made a labored argument to prove
that there is nothing, no, not a solitary dollar, not
even in expectancy, in the Treasury, 11 -  eet ihe
legitimate ivants of the Government, but lhat theie
will be at the end of this jeai an actual deficiency
of about eleven millions of dollars.
"Témpora mutantur, el nos mutatmtr in Wits."
"The times have changed, and we change with
them." [Mr. Bell, m an under tone, I have not
changed.] The gentleman informs me that he has
not changed. I can only say, sir, that his ground
is changed, his argument is changed, and his re-
sults are changed, and that to the tune of some
twenty or more millions of dollars. This may be
no change. The honorable gentleman may not
regard it as onem ihess evei-changing and change-
able times, and perhaps, therefore, I ought not to
have adverted to it But the majoiity of the two
Houses of Congress, entertaining a widely different
opinion from the one expressed by the gentleman
at that time, upon this subject, deemed it expedient
to pass an act withholding from the States the
fourth instalment of deposites; and satisfied
oo, that, even with tnat aid, the avat'aole
means of th? Government would be insuf-
ficient to meet the ordinary demands upon
it, they furthermoic authorized an issue of
ten millions of Treasu'y notes, not, be it
lemembeied, because the Government did not
possess abundant means to meet a'l the demands
upon it, but because, amidst that universal embar-
rassment which had extended itself over the whole
mercantile community, embracing the banking in-
stitutions of the country, it was scarcely to be hoped
that the several amo outs held on deposite by the
banks, and due from merchants on duty bonds,
could be maje available to the Government wuh-
out greatly increasing those embarrassmenis which
all were anxious to mitigate. S r, at that time, all
eyes were turned to Congress, anxiously looking
for an 1 awaiting such relief as vould, through the
ordinary channels of legislation, be extended to
what vas eveij where represented to be a suffering
c imiimiili'y \n an^ioui desire to fulfil ihis cx-
pecta" oil, so universally ¡adu'ged in, led to legisla-
t on, both towards the banks which had been se-
lected as depositories of the public money, and the
merchants whose duty bondi had fallen due, and
were about to fall due, which, as ve all know,
placed, tor the time, bey on Í the reach and conuol
of the Government som  eleven or twelve millions
of dollars, due from toe deposite banks a_d from
merchants. It wi'l be recollected that the provi-
sions of one of these laws gave to the merchants
an extension ef nine months to pay their bonds,
making the whole credit twelve and fifteen months,
instead ot three and six months, as provided by the
then ex'sting laws, and that the law in reference to
the banks, gave to them an extension on their ka-
liabibties lo the Government of one-third until
July next, one-th<rd until January next, and the
balance untiHh" fust ot July, 1839.
And now, vvrh a view to further explanation, I
am led naturally to inquire, what was the amount
ttius rendered unavailable by th,s indulgence grant-
ed by the Government use If, by our ow n legisla-
tion, legislation, designed and intended for the
sole aid oí its debtors, whether individuals orcoi-
porations. By reference to the repoit ot the Se-
cretary of the Treasury', it will be found that taere
were—
In the deposite banks, subject to draft
on the 1st of January      -           -     ^5,411,3G4
Due on account of merchants' bonds,
say          -                                            6,000,000
Tne report was, at first, necessarily
linpertect, from the returns not hav-
ing come in, and the amount is there
set down, a' only yt,00u,000butius
since ascertained to be largely over
56,000,000. The returns, howeser,
are st.li incomplete, and the amount
will probably be found to approach
nearer to 4,9,000,000.                         ---------------
§11,411,364
Being, as you will see, «ir, in round number^,
eleven mdLons and a half of the Government's
resouiees, placed beyond its control, by l's own le-
gislation, ior the relief ot its debtors; legislation
too, be it remembered, subsequent to the passage of
Ihe Twasun nota bill,on the passage of which, if
in iulgence was an'iupated, 11 was not expected to
extend beyond the limitations ol that aci, viz. the
31st of December next
