DIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                   May, 183
>IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treaswy Note Bill—Mr. Jones.
B18
25th Cong---'2'\d Sfss.
But we have been told, m the course of this de-
bate, that the issue of ten millions of Treasury
notes was intended io supply the deficiency occa-
sioned by the írdulgence extended to the merchants
¿nd the banks Sir, it was so intended; and, pei-
mit me to add, tha' there existed at that time
strong reasons to believe lhat that aid extended to
the Government by means of those Treasury notes,
would have been just as effectual to enable it to
meet all demands upon it, as if the amount due
irom the banks and merchants had been paid up to
the last dollar, but owing to circumstances, over
« hioh this Government could exercise no control,
over which the legislation of Congress could exer-
cise none, this then reasonable expectation has
been disappointed And how, permit me here to
inquire, has it been disappointed' Why, we all
know that, íh conseejuence of the general suspen-
sion of specie pa) ments by the banks, in connec-
tion with othei causes, which the limits of this
debate do not authonze me now to examine, it had
the effect of depressing the Treasurv notes from
in eighth to a quarter, and half of one per cent
below the value of gold and silver, and, as nothing
could be received in payment of the public dues
but gold and silvei 01 Treasury notes, the certain
and inevitable consequence was, growing eut of
that anx ety which every man feels to protect his
own interest, and piy his debts m the most tomc-
nient mode, an 1 with the smallest amount of mn-
ney, Isa\, sir, the consequence was that, in tne
cities oí New York and Ph'ladelph a, points at
which we collect, I believe, full one half of the
public revenue, they sunk below specie par, and
wen? consequently paid into the Treasury almost
as last as they were issued, redeeming, to be suie,
the exact amount of Treasu-j notes' returned, but
bringing into jour Tieasury nothing that could be
availidi. to meet the oidinaiy dinnnds upon the
Government Now, sir, had these Treasur} notes,
as was then expected, been spread over the whole
\ear, coming back in something like equal propor-
tions, the means furnished by them, together with
other resources, would have enabled the Govern-
ment to take up much the larger part of them, or
at any rate have left but a very small amount
indeed Io be redeemed at the time when the
provisions of the law would have expired
I siy, «ir, this -would have be< n the lesult, the
inevitable result, but, instead of that, nearly mx
millions of the amount wue redeemed in the (list
four months of the yeai because, as they came
back, and were canecelled, the amount so returned
and cancelled was equivalent, pro tanto, to apply-
ing thus much of the resources of the Govern-
ment to their redemption
Now what does this bill propose' We have
heard it reiteiated by the honorable member ftom
Massachusetts, [Mr Adams,] that we have bor-
rowed ten millions last year, and that we now seek
to boirow another ten millions by this btll Yes,
sir, it has been sent forth to the world, that tie are
loi borrowing twenty million , when there is not a
single paragraph, or 1 ne of the bill, in virtue of
which there ever could be more than ten millions
outstanding at any one time If jou choose to sail
it borrowing, it was originally but ten millions,
but as about seven millions (including seven hun-
dred tnousand dollars of them, returned andean-
celled during the last vear) have been redeemed,
it is, so far as the former act was concerned, and
by the present circumstances, growing out of Us
operation, a debt of three millions only, that being
the amount now outstanding. And what do we
now propose' Not to issue a new batch of Trea-
sury notes, but to pass a bill by which jou will
put it in the power of the Government again to
issue the same amount which was authorized by
the act of the 12th of October, 1837, as they shall be
returned to the Treasury and cancelled, and as the
exigencies of the country may require, and thus to
anticipate, and for a short period only, its own
means by which it will be enabled veiy soon to re-
deem tne who'e of this debt
Mr Speaker, I have sa'd that tne means of the
Government are ample to meet all its liabilities,
and how does it appear' I speak now from that
condemned, that much abused communication of
the President of the United States, sent to us on
Friday last, consisting of some fifteen or twenty
lines What are we therein told, sir? That there
are on deposite; with the States $28,000,000, and
more than #15,000,000 due ftoin individuals and
banks, and ha might have added that, at the close
of the present year, the accruing revenue from cus-
toms and the sale of public lands, would amount to
§15,000,000 besides, making an aggregate of some
#58,000,000. Sir, I feel that I should be careful
when I rely upon this corhrriimlcatiott of the Presi-
dent, after the remarks that have fallen, from the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr Bell ] I know
that I should rely with great caution upon any
statement which the President of the United States
may deem it propel to make td Congress; for what
have we heard from that honorable gentleman'
Why, he has said, in round and unmeasured terms,
that this was gross and unwarrantable dictation to
Congress on the part of the President It would
seem, then, that it is gross and unwairantafele dic-
tation for him to undeitake to make to us a com-
munication of the fact that the Treasury is upon
the verge of becorhing unable to theel its liabilities,
and in that communication to recommend what he
deemed expedient for the best interests of the
country Sir, it may not be unimportant for us to
bear in recollection the fdndtrriental law of our
bnd It may not be ami's to read the article in
the Federal Constitution, bearing upon this subject,
for the purpose of seeing the duties imposed by
that sacred instrument upon this high officer.
AVe sdiall there find his duty so clearly and
plainly marked out and defined, that he who
runs may read
Let us, then, go back to 'he Constitution, and see
what this act of his is lhat has drawn down upon
him this heavy and unmitigated denunciation
That instrument pi escribes, in the second and third
sections of the iecond article, that "he may le-
quire the opinion, in writing, of the principal ofli-
cei in each of the Executive Departments upon any
subject relating to the duties of their respective
offices," and, having done so, "he shall, from ti i e
to time, give to the Songross information of the
state of the Union, and recommend to their consi-
deration such measures as he shall judge necessary
and expedient " not that he may but here is the
more forcible and imperative word, shall, in the
Constitution itself, which kas been so strongly ob-
jected to, and so severely criticised, by honorable
gentlemen in another part ot this debate Yes,
"lie shall," from time to time, give to Congress in-
formation of the state of the Union, and recommend
to their consideration such ftieastH Is as he shell judge
necessary and expedient " The President has no
choice about it
The people have placed him m the station he
occupies, and here are th > duties imposed upon
him by the Constitution It " shall" be his duty,
to do what? " Recommend to their [our] conside-
ration snch m^asuees as he shall judge necessary,"
the very thing, sn, the President has done, to the
spirit and the lettei And yet, while, as we have seen,
he is pursuing but the strict and straight line of his
duty, and when he would have been criminal if he
had failed to do what he has done, he is to be de-
nounced and held up to tne world as a dictator,
and have the finger of scorn and contempt pointed
at him, for tbe performance of the very task im-
posed upon him by that Constitution which he has
sworn to support' But I will not dwell longei upon
this subject
Mr. Speaker, it has been remarked further, that
this communication was an attempt to deceive.
Sir, not only are your committees charged with an
intention to deceive, but your heads of depart-
ments also, and when the President himself, in the
performance of his high duty, faithfully discharges
it, the same charge is also reiterated against him
It is done to deceive the people of the country, is
the all -gation How is it made out? Why he has
told us tnat there are twenty eight millions of dol-
lars on deposite with the States, and more than
fifteen millions due from banks and from indivi-
duals, and this, a fact susceptible of demonstra-
tion to all, is the head and front of his offending
Let us see then how it stands, and if there be any
ground for the charge, for I agree that the Presi-
dent's high station ought not to shield him, if he has
H. of Reps.
been guilty. But, sir, if I can prove, as I feel
assured I can, that there is not the slightest founda-
tion for the charge, then, I think, it must be con-
ceded on all hands, that it was alike ungenerous
and unjust to make it. Sir, have we, or have we
not, §28,000,000 on deposite with the States? Will
any gentleman here deny that? Is there a man in
this House who will rise in his place and tell me
that the fact is not so? Have you distributed it
finally? Was there a man who, at the time the de-
posite law was passed, maintained that it was
designed as a distribution among the States?
[Mr. Wise, m an under tone. It was so in-
tended ]
It may have been so intended by some who voted
for ity but certain I am, they never avowed it, for
it they had, I doubt very much if one-half the men
who sustained it would ever have recorded their
votes in its favoi.
Mr. WISE    I avowed it.
Mr. JONES. My colleague informs me that
he avowed it, and I am suie he did, because he
says "¡o.
Mi. WISE My colleague misunderstands me.
I voted against that bill, but nevertheless, I avowed
it to be the intention of those through whose
agency it was passed, and I did not heai it con-
tradicted
Mr JONES. The very thing, sir, I was urging.
I said that those who advocated that bill never inti-
mated that it was for a positive and final distribu-
tion of the surplus I know there was an impres-
sion lhat some of those who voted for it believed
that to be the intention, but they never avowed it,
and that but confirms my position, that if they had,
the measure never would have been adopted.
Then I presume it will not be denied that we have
#28,000,000 on deposite with the States
The next item in this communication in which
deception is charged, is where it sets forth that there
are $15,000,000 due to the Government from banks
and individuals Sir, is this true or false'' Has
the President told the truth oi not' Let the ques-
tion be answered by facts and not by argument, for
argument is not needed where we have to deal with
facts like these Here, then, sir, are the facts,
which speak conclusively, and must bring convic-
tion to the mind of every man who examines them.
In the deposite banks on the 1st Ja-
nuary -                                         $5,411,364
Due from merchants, say - - 6,000,000
Bonds of the Bank of  the United
States, say            -                                7,000,060
#18,411,364
Or put the merchants' bonds at even four mil-
lions, deducting the amount ascertained since tbe
previous returns, and the President'  estimate, or
statement of our resources, is still below the actual
amount due Sir, the statement was true to the
letter, and yet, for having told this plain tmth, to
enable us to come forward in. a becoming spirit to
aid oui country, and rescue it from temporary em-
barras ment, he is held up to the people and de-
nounced for having furnished statements   hich are
not to be relied upon.
The honorable memberfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Sergeant,] m noticing the remarks of the chair-
man of the Committee of Wais and Means, m
which he staled that the time was rapidly approach-
ing when candid and intelligent men would do jus-
tice to this Administration, for its firmness in re-
jecting the counsels of fear, and disregarding the
denunciations of frenzy—for its elevated patriotism
in sacrificing temporary popularity to pieserve the
sumpremacy of the laws, and the permanent wel-
fare of the Ui ion—charactenzed that period as
constituting a new era in the history of this Go-
vernment.
Sir, the gentleman's new era is already ushered
in upon us, to be commemoiatcd, I presume, by
tbe arguments which I am now attempting to an-
swer , m which truth is made to mean falsehood,
and open and fair dealing knavery and fraud It
is indeed a new era when such perversions are
given to facts, and facts, too, in reference
to which sophistry itself cannot possibly mis-
lead the judgment.    When the Secretary of the
