May, 183$.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
25th Cong—2nd Sess.
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Jones.
H. of Reps*
Treasury makes a communication to this House,
it seems, too, that he "stumps" every body,
from the venerable member from Massachusetts,
(Mr. Abams,] down to the most beardless among
as. Some gentlemen say that his communications
are mysterious and obscure, others that he cannot
■write grammar, others again that he cannot cypher,
in short, that he is the merest dolt jn the world.
But  vhen, as now, a rather more laconic commu-
nication is transmitted to Congress, one that pre-
sents the question as clear as a sun beam, when the
President speaks, and tells you what no man can
misunderstand; why then, forsooth, there is knavery
and fraud at the bottom. Your Secretary cannot
be understood by any body, and the President is en-
deavoring to practice a fraud: and, strange as it
may appear, this is urged here by members in
the Congress of the United States, intended to go
forth to the people i f this country, and to be relied
upon as true.
Sir, permit me to say this is drawing largely in-
deed, upon the credulity and ignorance of the
people. But I will proceed. Taking, then,
the amount due from the States, and the
amount due from the merchants and banks,
and estimatiHg (which is a low calculation)
the a'-wumg revenue of the current year at
$15,000,000, we have an aggregate of resources of
t58,000.000 under the control of the Government
!ut I will narrow the question still further, and
come down to the resources of the Government for
the present year only; and how stands that account"!
1 solicit attention to th's statement, because I have
prepared and tested it with much care, and if I
have fallen into any error, I am open to correction,
for it is far from my wish, even inadvertently, to
mislead any one. I am aware that statistics aie
dry things, and do not suit the taste of every one,
but from them we derive many of our best kssons
of instruction, and they are indispensable to lead us
along the unerring path of truth.
Resources of the Treasury for the year 1838.
Balance in the Treasury on the 1st of January,
1838     ....           $500,000
To be received m 1838, from Depo-
site banks, by drafts and bonds,
$2,400,000
United States Bank bond, 2,300,000
Postponedmerchants' bonds,
say        -           -           6,000,000
but beloved to be 9,000,000------------     10,700,000
Revenue from customs and lands    -     15,500,000
Treasury notes, t© ba authorized by
the bill under consideration
Outstanding appropriations at the end
of 1837   -
New appropriations for 1838, ordi-
nary and extraordtnaiy   -
Off, for appropriations which will re-
mam unexpended at the end of the
year, estimated at
Balance of íesources over expendi-
tures        -
10,000,000
$36,700,000
16,000,000
26,000,000
$42,000,000
11,000,000
$31,000,000
5,700,000
$36,700,000
I think it proper here to remark, that in this
statement I have not charged upon the íesources of
the present year those Treasury notes which are
now outstanding, because the amount expected to
come mto the Treasury from postponed merchants'
bonds will probably exceed the sum above stated
by an amount which will be sufficient for their re-
demption. These, then, are the plain facts which
gentlemen are so puzzled to hunt up through the
reports of the Secretary, and to understand aftei
they have been found. There is really no difficul-
ty about it.
You will perceive, Mr Speaker, that I have not
attempted to prove oi to maintain that the means
oí the Government will be sufficient, at the close
of the present year, to redeem at once all the
Treasury notes authorized to be issued by this bill,
but that they will be sufficient on the dav when,
by the terms of the bill, they are redeemable, to
wit: on the 31st day of December, 1839. On the
31st day of December next, if 1 am right m my
estimates, you will have in hand for that purpose
$5,700,000; and on the next day, the 1st of Ja-
nuary, 1839, another instalment from the deposite
banks, amounting to one million and a half, falls
due; making the available means the day after the
bill of the 12th of October, 1837, shall expire, over
seven millions of dollars. And, sir, what other
means have we' Extend your inquiries but a lit- ,
tie farther, and you will find that m the next year i
you have another instalment falling due from the |
deposite banks of more than a million and a half,
and another bond of the Bank o the United States
foi $2,400,000, making, together, an additional
sum of $5,600,000; which, added to the other sum
of $5,700,000, makes together, of available means,
$11,300,000, to redeem the $10,000,000 of Trea-
sury notes authorized to be issued by this bill.
After this, will gentlemen tell me there are no
means in ihe Treasury. If they are not satisfied,
will any one point out to me the errors of this state-
ment1 And yet we are told not only that there is
not a dollar m the Treasury, but the gentleman
from Tennessee avers it as his opinion ihat there
will be a deficiency of eleven millions of dollars at
the close of the year.
Mr. BELL explained that the Treasury notes,
being madt receivable for the public dues, would
create a deficiency to that amount.
Mr. JONES True, sir, they are made receiv-
able in payment for the public dues, but that does
not alter the case, because each note returned to the
Tieasury redeems that much of tlie debt of ihe
Treasury But let me tell '.lie gentleman that the
s'rong prooabihty iS, that tnej «ill not find thur
way back ^nto the Treasury as fast as the5 have
heretofore Jone, now that the banks are beginning,
in. despite of all efforts to prevent it, and ,n despite
of all impediments thrown in their way, to resume
specie payments. Let them but continue, as now,
at specie par, or rise above it, as they have done to
the South and Southwest, and you will not see one-
half the amount come back, notwahstanding they
are made receivable for the pablic dues
But, say gentlemen, we afe to go into the reve-
nue of next year. True, and what do we go there
to gei'i Why, the revenue that will fall due nett
year, a part of which has been postponed from the
last year by our own legislation, and because we
do so, we are told we have not the means on hand.
Be it so I have shown why we have not. I re-
peat, it is because of the indulgence which has been
extended to the merchants and to the banks
I think, sir, I must have succeeded in sho ving,
should this bill pass, without touching the deposites
with the States, there will be of actual means
$36,700,000. And what is ours tuation with these
means, and these resources, to íeheve ou) selves
from difhcultv7 Why, we are mfoimed by the
Secretary that, on Friday last, there was onlv about
halt a million of dollars in the Treasury subject to
diatt. Now, if gentlemen will bung themselves to
íeflect, but for a moment, upon the daily demands
upon the Treasuiy, increased, as they must neces-
sarily be, immediately after the passage of the
heavy appropriation bills, at the present se«s on of
Congress, they will concur with me m the opinion
ihat we aie fast hastening to a day on which we
may find ourselves wiihout a dollai in the Trea
suri to meet the demands upon it, and to maintain
unbroken the faith and honor of tlie Government,
a state of things (hat I have been anxious to avert,
and which, if I thought now that I was contributing
to produce, I would, without one moment s delay,
close what I have to say on the subject before ihe
House.
To relieve the Treasury from tfvs state of em-
barrassment, two schemes have been pr posed
one subra.tted to our consideration by ihe Execu-
tive branch of ihe Government, the other bv those
who stand politically opposed to this Adminis-
tration The first proposes an ¡sspe of Tieasury
noips, with a view to anticipate, for a short time,
the means of the Government, which I think I must
have shown are ample to redeem them    The other
contemplates what appears to me a permanent loan.
The one will furnish prompt and immediate relief,
and put it m the power of the Government to
meet the demands upon it without delay, and mam 
tarn its faith and integrity inviolate; the other may,
or may not do this: time alone will disclose. But
But we are met at the threshhold with a declaration
that it will not do to issue Treasury notes, because
they were recommended by the Executive, and such
a recommendation is an act of dictation on his part.
That charge has been met already, and, I think, re-
futed. In the course of this debate, it has been said
by an honorable member from South Caroli-
na, [Mr. Thompson,] that he would appeal
from the ignorance and folly of this administra-
tion to the better days of the Repubhc; that he
would go back to the periods when Mr. Gallatin,
and Mr Dallas were at the head of the Treasmy4
and who, he informs us, not only ne\er recom-
mended such measures, but steadily opposed them.
Sir, we have here grave and serious charges
again Let us examine them. The days alluded
to, when Mr. Gallatin was Secretary, were
the days of Thomas Jefferson, and what, allow me
to inquire, were the opinions entertained by Mr.
Jefferson? They will be found in his letter to John
W. Eppes, dated on the-24th of June, 1813; Jef-
ferson's Works, vol. 4, p. 199. He there says'
"If Treasury bills are emitted on a tax appropri-
ated for their redemption m fifteen years, and (to
insure preference in the first moments of compsti-
tion) bearing an interest of six per cent, there is
no one who would not take them in preference to
the bank paper now afloat, on a principle of pa-
triotism as well as interest; and they would be with-
drawn from circulation into private hoards, to a
considerable amount Their credit once establish-
ed, others mig'it be emitted, bottomed also on a
tax, bat not bear ng m'eresl, and ll ever their credit
faltered, open public loans, on which these bills
alone should be received as specie. These, ope-
rating as a sinking fund, w ould reduce the quan-
tity in circulation, so as to maintain that in equiU-
bnum with specie "
When was Mr Dallas Secretan of the Trea-
sury? During the administration of Mr. Madison.
It is true that Mr. Dallas was opposed to the issue
of Treasury note, but what thought the President
of the United States, and the two Houses of Con-
gress at that day? Why that Treasury notes must
issue There was then no consutuuonalimpediment
m the Vvay, and every consideration of expediency
demanded that they should issue; and the reason-
ing of the Secrr tary had to yield. We know that
at that dark and gloomy period of our history,
several bills for the issue of Treasury notes were
passed by both branches of Congress, all of which
were approv ed by the President, he hav mg, doubt-
less, first satisfied himself that there w as no ccnsti-
tuticnil impediment in the wa} By the act of
the 30th of June, 1812. $5,000 000 in Treasury
notes were authorized to be issued. By the act of
the 25th of Febtuarj, 1813, $10,000,000 more. By
the act of the 4th of March, 1814, «,10 000,000 m
addition B} the act of the 26th of December, 1814,
$7,500,000, and by the act of the 24th of February,
1815, $25,000,000 were authorized And are we,
with these facts before us, to have the opinions
of Mr. Gallatin, and Mr. Dallas, held up
as our oniy guides, and wholly disicgard
the opinions of the President and of Congress at
that same period Nay, more have we not the
auihon'j oí this Congress m direct support of the
measure, upon a bill which passed at the last ses-
sion identical with this, both in principle and de-
tai's, and which became a law after mmute inves-
tigation, mature reflection, and full debate2 But
now, iorsooth, we are told that the same measure
is characterized bv the ignorance and lol'v of this
Adirnmstiaiion' Sn, I would as soon expect to see
the mountain lortre^s of Gibraltar í'aelr crumble
into rums under the attack of tint honorable gen-
tleman, made with focket p stoi in hand, as lo tte
ihe intelligent people of ihis land wtihbold iiom Ihe
President iheir confidence jn his intelligence, in-
tegrity, and patriotism, by the employment ci such
a rabble of words. One is about as hkdv to ci^ue
as the other
My colleague ¡Mr, Mason] has also relied upon
