322_________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________April 1838.
¿5th Cong-"-2nd Sess.                                    Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. ¡Sevier.                                                                    Senate.
had commented, referred to the nstes of banks
which did not pay specie.]
Mr. S. said he was truly happy in being correct-
ed. If those were the land of notes he referred lo,
he believed he was rather disposed to concur in
than censure the report.
Sir,m 1816 and in 1838 we had and have, thank
Ood, a beloved country; and every Amsrican heart,
now as then, which felt or feels that our beloved
country is suffering, from whatever cause, and from
whatsoever counsels or agency, is unworthy of him-
self, and unworthy of his illustrious ancestors, if he
hesitates about stepping forward to her relief. Sir,
in 1816 our beloved country was suffering by the
diffisukies through which she had passed, in check-
ing the insolence, and piracy, and plunder, of a
foreign enemy; and in guaidmg and sustaining her-
self at home against the machinations, and calum-
nies, and treason of domestic traitors. Yes, sir,
our beloved country, in this crisis in her affairs,
passed the resolution of 1816; and what has been
its happy results? Under the operations of that
resolution, we have seen our public debt paid off;
we have seen her get along, for upwards of twenty
years, without much actual loss; the public dues
have been collected with conveniece, and without
embarrassment t* the people. Under the provisions
of that resolution, our beloved country has been
enabled to pay a debt of ¡patitude, by pensioning
her heroes of the Revolution, and those honorably
scarred in the public service during the last war.
Under Ihe happy provisions of that resolution, (his
beloved country has gone on m a grand and un-
paralleled course of prosperity. She has grown in
wealth, in population, in the arts and sciences, and
is still marching onward on an elevated plain, with
her broad and noble front erect, to the fulfilment of
her great destiny, alike the wonder and admiration
0.'every civilized community!
Sir, this beloved country is now suffering, as she
was in 181G, by a derangement in her monetary
system. We find that the resolution of 1816 has
been repealed, so far as one great branch of the
public revenue is concerned; and we find that im-
mediately succeeding that repeal that this dennge-
ment has occurred. And shall we now stop and
cavil metaphysically about what has occasioned
this derangement—whether it has been occasioned
by wars, or banks, or our own excesses and prodi-
gality, before we will apply any remedy1! I hope
not, sir. I hope we shall profit by the lessons of
experience, and endeavor to correct this derange-
ment in our monetary system by an application of
the same, remedy which cured it in 1816. I hope
we shall receive the notes of specie-paying banks
for lands and for customs, too, under such regula-
tions as tnu Secretary of the Treasury may require.
Let this be done, and I have no fears for lie most
desirable result. And why, let me ask, should we
hesitate about it)
Senalors tell us that if we receive the notes of
specie-paying banks now, the connection with banks
is again revived, and that it will become ihe
settled policy of the country; and, further, that we
shall again have new explosions. Sir, so far as
the connection exists wilh the bank*, and is con-
fined lo the receipt of the notes of specie-paying
banks, under the responsibility and discretion of
sue Secjetayr' I am in favor of it; and as to the
settled policy of the country, of all things on earth
that is what I most desire. Sir, I am tired of ex-
periments, of fluctuations, of false alarms, of
glorious uncertainties. As to new explosions, that
is a matter which depends pretty much upon our-
selves. We can have them whenever we want
them. The Government has but io declare war
against the banks, and they will soon go by the
board; with the exception, perhaps, of the United
States Bank; that is, perhaps, rather too powerful
for us. But we can smash any other other institu-
tion at any day or hour we may select.
The Senator tells us that the resolution of 1816
was temporary in its design. Temporary! Where
is the evidence of that intention'? Where is its
limnation? Is it to be found on the face of the re-
solution'? No, sir. Is it to be found in the con-
struction given to it by the Departments! No, sir.
If it was designed as a temporary measure, why
has it been permitted to $¡main upon the statute
book for twenty-two years, without a single effort
ever being made to repeal it? Sir, I >, io«rn" to
see my friend driven lo such a miserable shift and
subterfuge, for I cannot so far disgrace the term
as to call it argument.
The honorable Senator, sir, having given us a
history of the origin, and his opinion as to the na-
ture, of the joint resolution of 1316, next proceeds
to favor us with the reasons which induced the late
Executive to issue the Treasury circular. These
reasons are numerous, plausible, and imposing,
but yet inconclusive and unsatisfactory to me.
I will apply to them the test of truth, and show, as
I think, to the satisfaction of the Senate, that by
such a test, each of those reasons will vanish
into smoke and empty air.
The Senator begins his enumeration, by telling
us "that complaints were made of extensive frauds
practised in the sale of the public lands " Sir, I
will ask him, who made those complaints'! I will
ask, who it was that charged fraud upon the land
officers'! Shall I tell him who they were? These
charges were mainly made by the late Senator '
Pomdexter, and by his allies in politics. By hiin,
and others equally hostile to ihe late Executive and
his Administration. These charges were made
some years preceding the Treasury order, and with
the known design of reaching a certain land officer
in Mississippi. I will ask the Senator if these
charges had any influence with the late Executive,
or with US'! Yes, sir, they had an influence M'iih
the late Executive, and with us; and ihat was, to
induce us all lo denounce, in turn, ihe late Senator
and his associates, and lo defend, with zeal, and
skill, and perseverance, ihe individual alluded to.
This was the influence, as well as my memory
serves me, which these complaints had upon us.
Who else complained? Were there any such com-
plaints made by the Legislatures of any of the
States? Were any such complaints made by ihe
people, in the form of petition? No, sir: as far as
my memory serves me, we had no such complaints
from any of these sources. I will go further: 1 will
ask the Senator, did any fuend or foe of the late
Executive, from the new Stales, where the public
lands lie, or from any of the old States either,
where the public lands do not he, rise m his place
and propose any remedy for these complaints?
No, sir. Did the late President deem these com-
plaints of such vast importance as to form the sub-
ject of any general or special message to Congress
lor legislative remedy) No, sir. Did the Secretary
of the Treasury complain to us of the then existing
state of things, and solicit our interference? No,sir.
There were, according to my recollection, no com-
plaints made except those to which I have alluded.
And those we laughed at as the bitter outpourings
of disappointed ambition, and as the whining,
senseless, and hypocritical effusions of our political
adversaries, who were, above all things, desirous
of bringing the Administration into odium, con-
tempt, and disgrace. And if we had not viewed
these complaints in this light, but had, on the con-
trary, believed them well grounded, what need was
(here either for the Treasury order, or for Congres-
sional interference, to prevent there fraudulent
practices? In the first place, we all knew that no
land ofiicercan buy land without the special per-
mission of the Secretaty of the Treasury. In the
second place, we all knew that if land officers were
disposed to commit fraudulent practices, that the
Treasury order would not mend the matter. No,
sir; they could as readily sign receipts for specie as
for bank rags. And, again: As a full and com-
prehensive answer to every objection, if the land
officers were guilty of fraudulent practices, the Pre-
sident held in his own hands the ample remedy.
He had but to remove them from office and appoint
others in their places who were competent and
faithful. This reason, therefore, for the necessity
of the Treasury order, in every light in which it
can be presented to my mmd, seems to me utterly
groundless, and on that account I am sorry that it
has been gravely enumerated as one.
The next reason, sir, which the Senator assigns
in justification of the Treasury order, is that "of
alarming attempts to monopolise large tracts of
land in the hands of individual and associated pro-
prietory."    This reason, I think, 5 t.- r. fully an-
swer in a very few words, and satisfy the Senate,
that, if that had been desirable, it could have
been accomplished without the aid of the Treasury
order. If the late Executive had wished to pre-
vent a monopoly of the public land, all he had to
do to accomplish his object, was to withhold his
proclamation for a sale of the public lands. This
prompt and simple remedy would have cured the
evil without the agency of any Treasury order. If
it had been the pleasure of Congress to prevent a
monopoly of the public land, all they had to do,
was to withhold the annual appropriations for the
the surveys, and the object was accomplished with-
out the intervention of the Treasury order. And did
the Executive or Congress either show any deter-
mination on their part io stop the sales af the pub-
lic lands. No, sir: Congress passed the usual an-
nual appropriations for the public surveys, and the
Executive, on his part, brought the lands into mar-
ket, as rapidly as it was desired by those interested;
ami I will add, that if either the one or the other
of these things had not taken place, that it would
have created in the West no little sensation.
While upon this branch of the inquiry, I will
give the honorable Senator the views entertained in
the new Slates, so far as I understand them, upon
the question of land monopolies. I will give them
cheerfully, and hope they will not fall upon his
senses,-"like seed sown by the way side, which the
thorns and thistles grew up and choaked," but that
they may be remembered by him in time to come,
ami be of some service to him hereafter.
There are, sir, in the new States, three kinds of
land monoplies, which are felt as almost intolera-
ble grievances. The first of these is that of the
Indian monopoly. Whilst their title is unextin-
guished, the lands cannot be settled upon, or culti-
vated by our citizens, nor do they yield any tax or
tribute to ihe States. The war now going on in
Florida, the apprehended difficulties with ihe Che-
rokces in Georgia, will go far to show the Senate
the light in which this monopoly is viewed by the
citizens of the States interested. It is considered
as such a grievance, that we find the people of
those States, and their friends, readily disposed to
risk blood and treasure, and, as some allege, na-
tional faith and honor too, to remove this monopo-
ly. Sir, this feeling, upon this kind of monoply,
is not local. It exists wheresoever this monopoly
exists. And the Senator will find, with all his in-
tellect, that he. will sirive in vain to convince the
people interested, that it is better for the United
Slates, and better for them, that their lands should
remain in that situation than to be disposed of for
even bank rags by the bale, and that, too, to "as-
sociated proprietors."
The next most objectionable monopoly of the
public land in the new States, is the monopoly of
the Federal Government. It is true that we can
settle, and live and breathe upon the lands owned
by the Government, unless, indeed, we should be
dr ven off from it by the military force, as was recent-
ly most graciously intimated by the Senator from
Kentucky that we ought to he, under the provisions
of the obsolete act of 1807. This permission to
settle upon the public lands is the only benefit de-
rived while these lands are monopolised by the
Federal Government. These lands, in that condi-
tion, yield no revenue by taxation to the States.
They are but sparely settled, and but indifferently
improved by the occupants, on account of the un-
certainty of the time they will be permitted to re-
main undisturbed in their possessions; and on ac-
count of the great uncertainty they feel of ever
owning the land, or of being remunerated for their
labor upon it. This monopoly is considered a great
grievance ; so much so, that at almost every ses-
sion of Congress we have tons of petitions, I may
say, in one form or another, beseeching and im-
ploring Congress for the passage of graduation
laws, of pre-emplion laws, of donation laws, or
for some other remedies by which the Federal title
may be extinguished.
If the Senator will but reflect upen these things,
I think he will agree with me in opinion lhat the
citizens of the new States, wilh every disposition to
do as he desires them; to swallow whatever logio
he may wish to poke down them; to cry when lie
cries; to mourn w&en he mourns—will nevertheless
