April 1838._____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                 523
25th  Cokto.«..2nd Síss.                                 Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Sevier.                                                                 Senate.
find themselves unable to sympathise with him anp
his friends on this occasion, in their blubbering
grief over the mighty misfortune which had be
fallen, the country, in having a part of the Federal
title to the lands in the new States extinguished
with the notes of their specie-paying banks. No,
sir, upon this subject they will find themselves una-
ble to make the squatters groa  by telling them,
most pitsously, in tears, in sobbing emotions, that
the public lands, " the rich inheritance of the blood
and tieasnre oí our Revolutionary fathers," have,
in some instances, actually gone into the hands of
speculators for bales of " bank rags " No, sir, he
will find, and that, too, I hope, before it be too
late, that he must tune his instrument to a different
key, if he experts us of the West to dance to his
music, or join him m his pithy lamentations
Sir, the third and remaining class of land mons-
pohsts in the new States are the speculators. This
class is generally detested by the citizens of the
new States, and for the reasons so eloquently as-
signed by Senators. But, sir, there are degrees in
hatred As much, sir, as these land monopolists
are disliked, the Indian or Federal monopoly of
the public land is still more disliked. The quan-
tity of land owned by any speculator is small,
compared to that held by the Government. The
land held by speculators is of some profit to the
State, it is taxed, and taxed freely. These assess-
ments form no inconsiderable item in our State
revenues. They contribute largely in defraj mg the
expenses of our local Governments The taxing
power over them is unrestricted, and it is properly
exercised with no sparing hand The tax these
speculators feel, and feeling it, as they do, they are
ever willing and anxious to sell out upon liberal
term=, as to time and price, and mode of payment.
I need but to refer you to the papers in my State,
containing their advertisements, as an evidence of
their anxiety to sell. Many can, and do, in fact,
buy lands of speculators, who are unable to pur-
chase of the Government, even at the minimum
price. They purchase of them on time, and fre-
quently for property. For these, and many other rea-
sons which could b& assigned, the monopoly of land
by the speculators is less objectionable than a mono-
poly ot them either by the Indians or the Federal
Government. They are, nevertheless, unpopular,
and, therefore, every lashing the honorable Senator
or his friends may give these nabobs, will be highly
gratifying to the great mass of the community.
Sir, I do not speak from books, for with them I
but seldom hold consultation, but from memory;
and unless that greatly deceives me, the first pro-
position ever made, in my time, to retard the sales
of the public lands, was that made by Mr. Foote
some years ago, when he was a member of the
Senate And how was that propos^ton met' It
was scouted down in this body, and condemned
throughout the West. The next effort made to
stop the sales of the public lands was that of 'he
Treasury circular. M hat of Mr. Foote tailed be-
cause it was tangible, that of theTreasuiy circular
has partially effected its object, because, thus far, it
has been beyond our reach.
Now, sir, I will repeat my interrogatories to my
friend from New York, and again ask him, if
there were any complaints made from any of the
States, or their people or their representatives, that
the'e land* were becoming individual properly loo
rapidly 1 If so, I will esteem it as a special favor,
if he will favor me with the name of the Slate, the
number of the petitioners, or the member of Con-
gress who made that complaint. Sir, if there were
anv such complaint, that the public lands were
becoming individual property too rapidly, it has
wholly escaped my observation.
The Senator next tells us, in justification of the
Treasuiy order, that the banks aided individuals,
through loans and discounts, to the means by which
they were enabled to extinguish, in part, the
Federal title to the lands m the tieia States. If the
banks have done this, all I have to say is, that
they have done for the new States a very accepta-
ble service. Sir, it is unquestionably true, that the
banks did discount excessively, not only to the
purchasers of the public lauds, but to msrehants,
to factors, and to planters.   The banks were sti-
mulated to these excesses by both of the political
parlies in this countiy, and the blame, if any
should attach, should be mutually shared between
them. We gave them the public deposites, and
the joint action of the two parties placed the dis-
tribution fund also into their vaults. Being thus
strengthened and doubly armed, and, at the same
time, avaricious, as w ell as a little ambitious to
convince the world, that our destruction of the
United States Bank, so long their terror and their
master, was rather a blessing to the community
than a misfortune, they went heedlessly on dis-
counting, not only upon their own capital, but
upon their trust money or deposites, as banks, I
believe, invariably do, until they made money
excessively abundant This abundance raised the
price of every thing. The country became drunk
with apparent prosperity. Everybody, land spe-
culators as well as others, were trying to live by
their uits and to accumulate large estates without
labor Then, we all seemed to think that the
millennium had actually arrived, and that we had
nothing to do but to " eat, drink, and be merry "
This, sir, was the situation of things when the
Treasury circular was issued. And what was its
effects'! The banks, as well as the public, were
taken by surprise by it. Runs were made imme-
diately upon the banks for specie to buy land, these
runs forced them to curtail their discounts, and by
adhering to this rigorous process, which they had
to do for their on n preservation, they sustained
themselves for "eight or ten months afterwards, in-
deed, untJ a general sjspension throughout the
United States occurred Tneir rapid curtailment
rendered money scarce, and knocked down the
price of every thing Property fell from 25 to 50
per cent. Many were forced to sacrifice their
estates, and ended in total bankruptcy This was
-one of the fruits of the Treasury circular; and now
let me ask my honorable friend what good has
grown out of it? It has beggared thousands, it
has embarrassed a whole section of the ceuntrj,
and, lastly, it has bankrupted your Treasury' And
why have these things been done? They have
been brought about, we are told, to stop bank ex-
cesses Was this necessary? Will not bank ex-
cesses, like excesses of every other description, cor- J
rect themselves1   I think so.
But the Treasury was in danger, we are told, of
losirg by a receipt of specie paying bank notes for
lands. Was not the Treasury in as much danger
of losing by those notes which were paid into the
Treasury for customs? I should think so, <¡ir
These bank notes at that time, and formany months
afterwards, were equal to specie, and passed cur-
ren ly a' par, and, notwithstanding the war made
up* n the hanks their mies kept up atpar for evpry
ihint; but Ian1, down to the time of the general sus-
pension Yes, but sayo the honorab'e Chan man,
ihese bank noles fell 10 per cent below the specie
par ajur the Treasury order issued And this cir-
cumstance is insisted upon as an evidence of the
dangerous state of the currency. Sir, is this a fair
conclusion'' I think not The Government, when
unrestrained by constitutional obligations, have it
m their power to make any thing they please be-
low par, and m\ surprise ha  ever been that these
notes fell so little below par as thev did For
every ordinary purpose, for every thing but for
land these notes passed at par, until thp general
explosion. This I know to be true m my part of
the country Yes, sir, if the Government were not
piohibtted by the Constitution liom doing so, they
could make gold and silver too below par Mr.
Woodbury would but have to issue his cncular
prohibiting the receipt of gold and silver for lands,
and for customs, and he would bring them down as
much below par as he did the note  of the specie
paying banks, and, if he had the power, it is pos-
sible he would do so, m order that he might not
sustain any loss upon hss Treasury notes.
Sir, specie, like bank notes, when abundant, in-
creases the price of property, and, when scarce,
the price of it is lowered. Specie, like bank notes,
when abundant, stimulates speculation and engen-
ders immorality, vices, and excesses, and, aa my
honorable friend has such a ptotu toffor for all
speculations and excess«s,  I suppose^ if unre-
strained by the Constitution, he would make war
upon specie    Sir, specie seems to be coming into
the coun jy in such frightful quantities, ¡hat I really
wonder that his anxiety for our morale will permit
him to sit quietly m his seat    I wonder that he
has not already introduced a bill full of pains and
penalties, and penitentiary punishment, against this
debauching buccaneer.    It is not yet too late.    He
will yet have time before the session closes to give
us a bill to prohibit the importation of specie, that
"root of all evil," into the United Stales.  And who
knows but that he will do so.    His apparent love
for the precious metals must surely be altogether
feigned, for we all  remember when  filihy "bank
rags," even by tne bale," seemed to stand as high,
in his affections,  as doe   now his new love  for
specie.    Sir   h s deeply rooted antipathy for  all
the exceases which money can purchase,  and his
great  anxiety for the public morals, will, I  am
sure,  induce him to propose a law by which Tve
shall be guarded against  the one and shielded in.
the tother, for, O, j e gods' how eloquently he dis-
courses upon the  besetting sins of the age!    No
reformer, I am sure, can equal him in sermonizing
upon virtue, morality, and money excesses.    Sir,
when the Treasury  is empty  my friend seems to
fear that we shall be in want, and, when it is full
to  overflowi&g,  he   fears we shall fall again into
extravagant excesses    Sir, I should be extremely
happy if I could sue my friend perfectly composed,
and willing to let the world jog on m the old-beaten
track under the provisions of the resolution of
1816, and to find him willing to give up his guar-
dianship of the public morals, his notions of an
exclusive specie currency, and, lastly, his Iong-
chenshed and beloved Treasury circular.
Sir, upon the subject of the public lands, I have
ever had but one opinion, and that is that tnose
lands shodld never be considered a source of reve-
nue. They are not so considered bv any other Go-
vernment than oars They should be granted
generously and freelv to the Stales in which they
he. Our revenue shoul \ come solelj from the cus-
toms. And holding, as I do, these opinions, the hono-
rable Senator will never get my sanction to the Go-
vernment holding those lands an hour longer than I
can help it No, sir, I am for ge*tng those lands for
the citizens of the respective States for specie, or
bank notes, or without either, which would sull be
more acceptable, if I can Those lands are «o
longer pledged for any public debt, and there w as
much moral justice inselhng the pubhclands in the
old States for the common benefit, as there is for
selling the public lands in the new Spates. They
are all alike the fruits of the joint struggle of our
revolutionary ancestors But the lands of neither
should be sold for ths common benefit They should
belong exclusively to the Sia'es in which they lie.
The Senator has Wd'y told us why the Treasury
cncular was issued He has also tcHd us whv this
order w as confined to the lands and not extended to
the customs. He tells us, in so many vsords, that
there was wisdom in this discrimina ion Of that
we will now consider and then decide
But before entering mío h s argument to esta-
blish this propriety, he has with great research and
minute particulate), grouped together many in-
stances in which this discrimination was heretofore
made And here let me remark, that all of those
instances were in favor and «ot against the lands
But. unfortunately for his argument, all 'he in-
stances he has given us, are irrelennt to the point
in issue He tells us, w nat is most u ques'ionably
true, that in many instances land scup was a legal
tender in pajment for lands, and not for customs.
But m giv mg us those mstarces, he has los' s!ght of
a very material and important po nt m the history
of this discrimination Tnis discrimination eren out
of a spend contract wi'h the States In confedera-
tion of extensive c s«ions a land to the United
States, it was agreed upon and stipulated that the
United States wouid pav m land out ot the ceded
territory a certain class of claims which the States
owed in land to then citizens This was, in other
words, a property obligation, payable in land and
not in money These property notes are common
in the western country Nothing is more usual
than for one farmer to give his note to another for
