$2A
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1838.
25th Cong-••■2nd Sess.
Northeastern Boundary—Mr. Williams.
Senate.
so many dollars, payable in corn, hogs, cattle,
and sometimes for manual labor. And no honest
man ever thinks of requiring money upon such an
obligation. This was the kind of contract the Uni-
ted States made with the States, and the scrip was
nothing more or less than the property note of the
United States, payable in land. It was paid m
good faith by the United States, and no body ever
thought it a cash obligation. It was a debt not due,
and owing to the United States, but it was a debt
due, and owing 6y the United States. It is, in
short, no discrimination in the debts due and owing
tollie United States. And so the Senator must tax
his ingenuity again, before he will succeed in esta-
blishing the point he has labored so hard to
prove.
The Senator tells us, that " an excessive cur-
rency of any character, has a necessary tendency
to sink the value of that currency when compared
with the value of marketable property for whidi it
is exchanged. Hence the invariable nominal rise,
in the market, of property of all descriptions
which is open to a free market, when that which
is used as money is abundant and cheap; and one
of the strongest evidences that our paper currency
was excessive during the years 1835 and 1836, is
round in the fact that priceá constantly advanced,
although the supplies in almost every department
of trade and production were unusually abundant,
and no extraordinary demand was known to exist.
The duties which constitute our revenue from
customs are almost all a rate per centum imposed
upon the value of the article. If, then, the quanti-
ty of dutiable goods imported be the same, and
the value be nominally increased in consequence
of an excessive currency, the value or the duties
will be nominally increased in the same ratio, and
therefore the collection of the duties in the cheap-
ened currency will keep the real value of the re-
venue from the importations at a given stan-
dard."
Now, sir, all this I comprehend, and I am not
disposed to controvert it. But I shall controvert
what follows. He tells us that: "Not so with our
public lands. They have not been, and are not, in
this sense, open to a free market. Their value, per
acre, is fixed by law, and however much the cur-
rency in which they were purchased may have
been cheapened by abundance, they could not rise,
with other property, to a price which would restore
the equilibrium. They were bound down by a
statute vale; and whin the currency to be received
in payment for them was designated, the same
nominal value of that currency, however much it
might be cheapened by excess, would purchase
the same quanty of the lands."
Now, sir, I consider this false, and I cannot help
expressing my surprise that the honorable Senator,
in his eagerness to justify the Treasury circular,
should attempt to palm these statements upon us
for gospel. Sir, the public land is open to a free
market; it is sold at public auction to the highest
bidder; every body is invited to the sales; every
body is authorized to purchase the land except the
public officers; and if this is net a free and open
market, what, in the name of Heaven, is a free
and open market? I should like for the Senator
to tell me. "But the price of the land is fixed by
law?" In this true, sir? I say it is not true. I
say the price of the public land is not fixed by law:
the minimum price of it is fixed by law, but not the
maximum. Their price, he says, "is bound down
by statute value." Where is that statute? Pro-
duce it; for such a statute is new to me, and to
every other settler in the Western country.
Sir, being wrong in his premises, his conclusions
throughout must of course partake of the same
error. Sir, if bank paper was excessive, and that I
concede, and on that account was of less value
than specie, there was as much propriety of apply-
ing the Treasury order to the customs as to the
lands. The evil to be guarded against was the
quantity of bank rags, and not the source from
whieh they found their way into the Treasury: for
it is the same thing to the Treasury, whether I pay
a dollar of depreciated bank paper into it for lands,
or you pay a similar dollar into it for customs.
The loss is the same to the Treasury.   And. there-
fore, if three-fourths, or more, taking one year with
another, of the whole revenue, as it is, is derived
from the customs, it would seem to me that there
would be more propriety in applying the principles
of the Treasury order to the customs than to the
lands; because so much the greater quantity of
bank rags gels into the Treasury from that
source; secondly, because in the cities where the
customs are collected, specie is generally more
abundant, and more easily obtained; thirdly, be-
cause, Irom the very nature of things, the citizens
of the new States are doubly taxed. "They, sir, pay
their equal portion for the customs, and then (lie
additional tax for lauds. But still I am lor no dis-
criminating rule; for although the agricultural in-
terest of the country is the vital interest of it; al-
though it is the chief pillar upon which our whole
fabric rests; yet I am for no discriminating rule
even its favor; all I desire for that interest is <m
equality, and nothing more.
Sir, the discrimination in the moneys received
for the public dues is odious to the people ; and aie
they to be reconciled to it being told that hank rags
will not buy goods in Europe—that good moiicy is
required in that quarter for that puipose, and hence
their banks will not fall into such excesses as ours?
Sir, are we to be tickled into good humor with such
sophistry as this? Do we not know that it is our
exports that purchase foreign goods?—export?, which
the New York merchants pay us for with their
bank rags'! Sir, our Western banks, notwithstand-
ing the run made upon them, under the operations
of the Treasury circular, yet kept up and paid
specie for their notes until your Eastern banks
failed.
Sir, this discrimination is odious to the people,
and the longer it is continued in operation the
more so will it become. They have felt, and still
feel, its deleterious consequences. It is n't your
wealthy «peculators only that it reaches ; it reaches
the industrious, laboring, poor man. Ho is not
able to go to New Orleans for specie; and if he
does, he is but illy prepared to pay the premium
for it. So long, sir, as this Treasury order is in
force, the banks cannot resume specie payments
with any advantage to the community. Through-
out the whole West the land sales are now coming
on, and you will take for these lands nothing but
specie. What is the oonsequence? If the banks
resume specie payments they will be afraid to let a
üollar of their paper out. And why? Because
they know that if they let a dollar of paper out in
the morning, that it will be changed into specie at
the counter before night, in order that they may
obtain acceptable land office money. Your Trea-
sury order, therefore, keeps up the causes of a de-
preciated currency among us. It keeps up ruinous
rates of exchange against us; and the longer this
is done, the worse it will be for all parties.
Sir, if the President will not rescind that order, I
hope there will be found stamina and indepen-
dence enough in both Houses of Congress to do it
for him. Sr, if he is anxious for political martyr-
dom, I hope he will not require his friends to mount
the funeral pile with him.
Sir, if he would but condescend to listen to the
advice oí an honest hearted friend, as I know my-
self to be; to one who will always tell him what he
considers wholesome truths, whether they be ac-
ceptable or not—I would tell him to rescind the
Treasury order without delay; I would tell him to
surrender up manfully all notions of false pride,
and to do it promptly, generously, and with a good
grace; and while insisting upon the purity and pa-
triotism of his motives, and his thousand virtue1:,
which no candid man will question, I would advise
him frankly to acknowledge his error, and atone
for it to his friends by repealing that, odious order
instantly. Let him do this, and his fiiends will be
found once more with their heads up, ready to stand
or fall with him in the approaching contest. I
would advise him not to procrastinate an action
upon this subject, until he will find himself forced
into it by the representatives of the people. I sin-
cerely hope he will not wait to be driven to such an
extremity; an extremity in which his friends will
not, and cannot, but in which hi- ti.tin.^s will,
rejoice.
SPEECH OF MR. WILLIAMS,
Of Maine,
in Senate, May 14, 1838—On asking leave to bring
in a bill to provide for running and marking the
Northeastern  Boundary line, according  to  the
treaty of 1783.
On a former day, I gave notice that on this day
I would ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for
running and marking the Northeastern Boundary
lino, according to the treaty of 1783, and pursuant
to that notice, I propose now to ask that leave.
The object of the bill is to make it the duty of the
President to cause that line to be run and marked,
as it is described in the Treaty of Peace.
Among the few questions remaining unsettled be-
tween this count!} and foreign nations, there is, pro-
bably, not one so irritating, and so likely to disturb
our amicable relations, as that of the Northeastern
Boundary. It is now more than half a century
since our ancestors, by their struggles and suffer-
ings in the war of the Revolution, successfully re-
sisted the tyranny and oppression of the mother
country, and oDtamed for themselves and their pos-
terity the acknowledgment that the then colonies
of Great Britain were free, sovereign, and inde-
pendent States, and a relinquishment, by his Bri-
tannic Majesty, of all claims to the Government,
propriety, and territorial rights of the same and every
pai I thei cof; and yet, at this day, it is a fact that the
British Government usurp possession, and claim
jurisdiction, over more than one third part of the
Stale of Maine, then part of the province of Mas-
sachusetts Bay, the government and territory of
which were expressly relinquished. Yes, sir, not-
withstanding \he territory now in dispute wa«, at the
formation of the tieaty, part and parcel of the then
province, of Massachusetts Bay, and so represented
anil designated upon Mitchell's map, which' was
used and referred to by the commissioners in mak-
ing the treaty, it is true that the British Govern-
ment noiu claim it as a part of New Brunswick, then
Nova Scotia, and deny to this Government the
right to occupy it, or to exercise any jurisdiction
over it. This claim, by the British Government, is
comparatively of rpcent origin, (having sprung up
since the treaty of Ghent,) but is persisted in with
great tenacity, and has been, and still is, the causa
of continued border difficulties between the people
and authorities of the State of Maine and of the pro-
vince of New Brunswick, and those troubles are
increasing daily. Already have some of our own
citizens been arrested upon our own territory, drag-
ged to a foreign jail, imprisoned, tried, and con-
demned, under the pretence of offences against the
sovereignty and laws of a foreign Government, but
m fact for no crime other than obeying or attempt-
ing to execute the laws of their own country within
our rightful limits. And the Government and peo-
ple of Maine are warned, by the authorities of
New Brunswick, that any attempt to exercise juris-
diction within what they denominate "disputed
territory," will be resisted and repelled "if the
whole military force of British America should be
necessary to effect it." This is a condition of
things that cannot, and will not, be submitted to.
Soon after Maine was separated from Massachu-
setts, in 1819, measures were taken for the protec-
tion of the timber upon a part of what is now
claimed to be disputed territory, surveyed some of
the lands mto townships, and made preparations
for opening roads and settling the country. Some
of these acts were complained of by the British
Government as inconsistent with the understanding
bctweea this Government and Great Britain, "that,
pending the negotiations for settling the boundary
line, each party should abstain from any acts of
sovereignty over the contested territory,' and upon
the request of the Genera! Government, Maine post-
poned some of her proposed improvements. At
the same time the authorities of New Brunswick
were extending their claims to ownership and juris-
diction, which furnished cause of complaint by
Maine to the General Government, which was
communicated by the latter to the British Govern-
ment, producing at some times a disavowal of the
acts, and at other times a claim that the acts were
justifiable. In this state of things the attention of
the Legislature of Maine was often called to the
subject of their boundary, and the history and- en-
