May, 1838.        _____
25th Cong •••2nd Sess.
which ridge is supposed to be the boundary be-,
tween Lower Canada and the United States; at
least such appears to be the way in which the
treaty of 1783 is construed by the American Go-
vernment, but which ought mure fairly to be under-
stood as follows, viz that the astronomical Une run-
ning north from the St. Croix, should extend only
to the first or easterly ridge, and thence run west-
erly along the west of said ridge to the Connec-
ticut, thereby equitably dividing the waters flowing
into the St Lawrence/rcmi those thai empty into the
Mlantic within the united Slates and those that have
their estuaries withm the British province of New
Brunswick. It is important, and must always have
been had in contemplation, that an uninterrupted
communication and connection should exist be-
tween all his Majesty's North American posses-
sions, but, by the manner in which the treaty is in-
sisted upon by the opposite party, a space of more
than eighty five miles would be placed within the
American limits, and by which the British pro-
vinces would be completely severed, it would also
produce the inconvenience of having the mail from
England to duebec carried over that distance of
American territory, which may be deemed either
as matter of indulgence, or complained of as an
encroachment, according to the temper of the
times."
Since it was ascertained that the American Go-
vernment ivas not disposed to vary the treaty line,
to cede, or to exchange for an equivalent, the right
of communication between duebec and Halifax,
which seems so desirable to the British Govern-
ment, other objections have been invented and
urged by that Government against the claim and
right of the American Government to the territory
before admitted to be ours, and which is most clear-
ly ours by the terms of the treaty of 1783.
One of these objections is, that the St. Johns river
does not empty its waters into the seo or Atlantic
ocean, but into the bay of Fundy, and hence that the
highlands which divide the waters running into the
river St. Lawrence from those which run into the
river St. Johns, are not such highlands as are
called for by the treaty. Second, that there are
not any highlands north of the St. Johns river
which would be reached by running a due north
line from the source of St. Croix river, and, thirdly,
that Marr's Hill, about thirty miles south of St.
John's river, on the due north Una from the source
of St. Croix, and the hills and mountains sepa-
rating the waters which run in the St. Johns river
from those which run jnto Penobscot river, are the
highlands of the treaty, and along which the boun-
dary is to be established In answer to the first
objection, it is sufficient to ask Senators to look at
Mitchell's map, and they will see that the great
river of Canada, or St. Lawrence, is laid down on
the north of New England and Nova Scotia, into
which certain rivers are represented as running
from among the highlands therein indicated, and
on the south and east is tne Atlantic ocean, into
which all the streams and rivers south of the same
highlands appear to run, and St. Johns river is one
of the latter. The objection that the St. Johns river
empties its waters into the Bay of Fundy, and thence
into the ocean, is none othei than exists against the
Penobscot, which empties its waters into Penobscot
bay, and thence into the ocean; and to the Kennebec,
which empties its waters m'o Sagadahoc bay, and
thence in'o the ocean, and both of which latter rivers
Ore admitted by the British Government to empty them-
selves into the Mlantic ocean.
To obviate the second objection, the following
extiacts are deemed sufficient. Colcnel Bouchette,
Surveyor General of Lower Canada, in his topo-
graphical descuption of that province, before
quoted, states "Beyond this range, at about fifty
miles distance, is the ridge, generally denominated
the Lands height, dividing the waters that fall into
the St Lawrence from those taking a direction
towards the Atlantic ocean, and along whose sum-
mit is supposed to run the boundary line between
the territories of Great Britain and the United
States of America. This claim commences upon
the eastern branch of the Connecticut river, takes
a northeasterly course, and terminates near Cape
Rosier, in the Gulf of St. Lawrence." And,
"From the Connecticut river, the height of land on
IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Northeastern Boundary—Mr. Williams.
which the boundary is supposed to pass runs to the
northeast, and divides the waters that fall into the
St Lawrence from those flowing into the Atlantic,
and which height, after running some distance
upon that course, sends off a branch to the east-
ward, that separates the heads of streams falling
into Lake Tamisconata and river St John, and by
that channel into the Bay of Fundy, from those
that descend in a more direct course into the
Atlantic "
Colonel Johnson, United States surveyor, in his
account of the survey of the due north linem 1817,
says that, proceeding north from the last mentioned
ridge, the land continues very high, and not very
uneven, 144 miles 26 chains, (north from the
monument,) where ihe land is nearly as high as at
132 miles, and is the ridge which divides the waters
emptying into the St. Lawrence from those which
fall into the Atlantic ocean.
Colonel Partridge, United States Surveyor, states
that the land at Grand Portage, near Lake Tamis-
conata, is 1336 feet above tide water of the St.
Lawrence at St. Andre
To the third objection it is answered that the lo-
cation of the boundary at Mars Hill, would contra-
dict all cotemporaneous understanding as to the
highlands, which formed the boundary between the
province of duebec on one side, and the provinces
of Massachusetts Bay, and Nova Scotia or New
Brunswick on the other. It contradicts the argu-
ments and opinions of the British agent, and of the
British minister, at the settlement of the true St.
Croix, of the treaty, and fixing the monument at
the source ot the Scoudiac nver. It does not di-
vide any waters running into the St. Lawrence from
waters running into the Atlantic ocean, but does
divide streams running into the St Johns from
other streams running into Penobscot river, and
through those rivers into the sea or Atlantic ocean;
in other words, it divides waters running into the
Atlantic ocean, through the St. Johns river, from
waters running into the Atlantic ocean, through
the Penobscot river. Mars Hill is a separate, iso-
lated mountain, and there is not any range of high-
lands extending from it in the direction toward Con-
necticut river. It cannot be the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia, for the reason that the west line of
Nova Scotia, now New Brunswick, continues due
north more than 100 miles from Mars Hill. The
highlands of the treaty must be where the north-
west angle of Nova Scotia was at the making of
the treaty. That Nova Scotia extended north, as
far as the Restigouche, is proved by her acts of
jurisdiction, incorporating counties, parishes, &.c
upon that river, and the line between the now pro-
vince of New Brunswick, and the province of
Lower Canada, is upon the bay Chaleurs, and the
range of highlands extending therefrom toward the
head of Connecticut river, making the northwest
angle of New Brunswick where the American
Government claim it should be, more than 100
miles due north from Mars Hill. Further, the
original west Lne of Nova Scotia extended from
the St Croix river, from its mouth to its source,
and from its source directly north, to the St Law-
rence, (since changed to the highlands, or south
line of the province of duebec,) and that west line
has not been varied, but now is the west line of the
province of New Brunswick. It is not denied that
the north line of New Brunswick is at least 100
miles north of Mars Hill, and yet, strange as it
may appear, the British Government contend and
insist that the northwest angle of Nova Scotia, now
New Brunswick, is m the west line of New Bruns-
wick, viz at Mars Hill, a point in that west Une,
and about one-third of the distance from the souicc
of St. Cton to the nmth line of New Brunswick, or
the south line of Canada.
If Mars Hill be the noithwest angle of Nova
Scotia, now New Brunswick, it would be expected
that the Une ot New Brunswick, in its further
extent, must vmy to the eustwaid of north, but so
far from this being the fact, it continues (accord-
ing to the American claim) due north, about 100
miles from that hill, and (according to the British
claim) it turns tocst, and extends more than ] 00
miles to the head waters of the Kennebec and
ghaudier
<Vyho, before this, ever heard of an angle midway
GLOBE.____________________
Senate.
of a straigt line1) but so it must be if Mars HM be
the northwest angle of Nova Scotia or New BrUBS-
wtck.
It should, also, be borne in mind that, accordJlSg
to the British claim as now insisted upon, and «Ms
marked upon map A, which is agreed to be a-irae
representation of the topography of the cotintry,
and of the lines of boundary claimed by the res-
pective parties, the tract of country which is situate
west of the due north line from the monument,
(and west of the west line of Nova Scotia, now
New Brunswick, as described m all the commis-
sions to the Governors of that province, from 1763
down to 1819, and probably to this day,) and be-
tween the lines contended for by the respective
parties, contains from five to six millions of acres
of land, and is now claimed as part of the province
of New Brunswick By what right or pretence can
it be claimed as belonging to New Brunswick,
even if it do not belong to the United States, it
would rather seem to belong to duebec, or
Lower Canada, as now called. If Mars Hill, and
the line running from it westwardly, and desig-
nated on map A as the line claimed by Great Bri-
tain, be along the highlands as described in the
treaty of 1783, then it must follow that the territory
in dispute is part of the former Province of due-
bec, now Lower Canada, the south line of which is
described in the same language as is the north line
of the United Slates. But it is not so claimed, and
never has been. There is no controversy between
Maine, or the United States, with Lower Canada,
as to the line of boundary between them. There is
not, and never has been, any conflict ol jurisdiction
with that Province, and so late as 1815, the Sur-
veyor General ot Canada, Col. Bouchette, by au-
thority of that Government, published a map of
Lower Canada, upon a large scale, and from actual
surveys, (which now haugs in the Senate chamber,
and to which the attention of Senators is earnestly
called.) which shows clearly and distinctly the high-
lands dividing the Province of Canada from the
Province of Mame, now the State of Maine, and
which highlands are identical with those for which
the United States always have and still do contend.
On the north of that) ange of highlands are marked
the counties and parishes in Lower Canada, and on
the south of it is marked the Province of Maine, and
it would be with an ill-grace, after such a survey
and map of Lower Canada, for any ene to con-
tend that Lower Canada extended over those high-
lands and south to the line claimed by Great Bri-
tain. Bat notwithstanding all the obstacles to the
claim of New Brunswick to this territory, and all
the absurdities to which such a claim is liable, it is
a fact that the Government of New Brunswick not
only claim actual and exclusive jurisdiction over
it, but have granted land withm its limit';, have ap-
pointed a warden to superintend and protect it, and
deny to the Government of Mame and of the
Unaed States the right of property and jurisdiction
within it. Yet more- American citizens, residing
upon that territory, are made amenable to the au-
thorities of that Province, have been arrested at
their own homes by officers of that Province, taken
to Fredenckton and there imprisoned, tried by their
courts, condemned and punished for no other
crime than asserting their rights as American citi-
zens, and attempting to execute the laws of their
country; and when we complain of these acts of
outrage, and contempt of our rights as American
citizens, we are told that Great Britain was origi-
nally the owner of the whole, and that their right
continues until the line shall be settled, and the
part released be formally set apart. Such doctrine
is not applicable to the case m question. The
trcatv was not a grant of territory, but the ac-
knowledgment of the independence of colonies, and
prescribing limits to such as were declared to be
independent; and when such claim is put forth and
thieatened to be enforced, m the language held by
Sir Archibald Campbell, while he was Lieutenant
Governor of New Brunswick, and by Sir John
Harvey, the present Lieutenant Governor of that
Pro\mce, there seems no alternative but to submit,
and abandon all, or to assert our rights, perform
our duties to one of the States of the Union, and
maintain the honor of the nation by running the
line and giving'protection to all our citizens witrun it
