m                               APPENDIX TO THE CÓNGRESSÍONAL GLOBS.________      May, JSág.
25th Cong-'"2nd Sü.ss>.                                                District Banks—Mr. Benton.                                                                               Seuate.
In 1831, Sir Archibald Campbell, then Lieuten-
ant Governor of New Bi unsw íck, in a letter to the
then Governor of Mame, sa>s "It is, perhaps,
unnecessary to remind your excellency, that until
the unfortunate boundary question is definitutly
settled, it is my vnpei alive duty to maintain inviolate
the existing boundaries of the Province committed
to iny charge " And so late as September last, Sir
John Harvey, Lieutenant Governor ot New Bruns-
wick, in a letter to Governor Dunlap, of Maine,
says " I hold positive instructions i rom my Go-
vernment not to suffer any act of sovereignty to be
exercised by any foreign power uilhin the temtoiy
in dispvU betwixt Great Britain and the United
States, until the right to that teiritory shall have
been determined by negotiation by the two Govern-
ments, that he has no discretionary power what-
ever upon the subject, and that, if the whole nuhlai-y
force of Bi itish America should be necessary to ena-
ble me to give effect to these instruction^, that force
would be placed at my disposal " Add to these offi-
cial declarations that íecently the Bntish forces des-
tined lor Canada, without asking the permission of
this Government, were inarched across the disputed
teiritory to Quebec, th it preparations for a military
post at Woodstock arc being made, and that the
military force at Fredenckion and Halifax has
lately been incieastd by the addition of two íegí-
ments at the founei, ¿ml thiee regiments at the
latter place, and I ii"cd not say that the crisis has
airived when this conlroveisy about oui boundaiy
should be taken in charge by Congress, and such
measures promptly adopted as will aflord protec-
tion to our citizens, bung the question of boundary
to a speedy issue, preserve the lights of Maine, and
save ihe lunot of the nation
How these objects shall be attained is for Con-
gress, m its wisdom, to determine It is altogether
probable, that should Mame attempt to run the
line, unaided by the General Government, conflicts
might ensue which must eventually bring the Gene-
ral Government to her aid. Is it not better, more
just to Mame, and less likely to distutb ¡he peace-
ful relations between the two Governments, that
the United Stales should at once undertake thesm-
vey of that line? It Ihe Government of Great Bri-
tain will concur, and aid in the survey, there can
be no trouble, if thai Government should not eon-
cur, she cannot reasonablj complain oí our miking
li, and when made, it will remain foi her to acqui-
esce in it, or to puisne such o'h-r oomse as «hi
may think the merits ol hei pretended clum will
justify her in idoptmg
Sinceiely desirous ot preserving pcicf, I p-iposc,
the bill to provide for suiveying the boun U íy un-
der the authority of the United States, m the full
beliet that it is the on'y mode in which the ngh s
of Maine and of the nation can, oi will, be main-
tained
DISTRICT BANKS—SPECIE BASIS
REMARKS OfIvIR   BENTON,
Or Missouri.
In Señale, May 10,1838—On the bill to recharter the
banks of the Dis'rirt of Columbia The ques-
tion being on Mr Bucha van's amendment to fix
the proportion of specie on hand to tue circula-
tion and depos tes,
Mr BENTON said Tais is a point of gre it mo
ment—one on which tie public mind has not been
sufficiently awakened in this country, though well
understood and dmy value 1 in England
The charters of banks in the Uttted States are
usually drawn on this principle, that a crt?in pio-
portion of the capital, and sometimes tae who e ot
it, shall be paid up m gold or silver before the char-
ter shall take effect. This is me Usual provision,
■without any obligation on the bank fo retain anv
part of this specie alter it gets into onention, and
this piovision has too otten proved *o be lliusoiy
and deceptive In rainy cases the banks h?ve bor-
rowed the requisite auount for a chy, and then íe-
turned it; in many other cases, the proportion oi
specie, though paid up m good faith, is immedi-
ately lent out, or parted with. The result to the
public is about the same m both cases ; the bank
has little or no specie, and its place is supplied by
the notes of other banks.
The great vice of the banking system in. the
United Slates is in banking upon paper—upon the
paper of each other—and treating this paper as
cash. This may be safe among the banks them-
selves ; it may enable them to ssttle with one
another, and to liquidate reciprocal balances; but
lo the public it is nothing. In the event of a run
upon a bank, or a general run upon all banks, it is
specie, and not paper, that is wanted It is specie,
and not paper, which the public want and must
have
The motion of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Buchanan] is intended to lemedy this vice in
these District banks, it is intended to impose an
obligation on these banks to keep m their vaults a
quantum of specie bearing a ceil am pioportion to
the amount of their immediate liabilities in circula-
tion and deposites The gentleman's motion is
well intended, but it is defective in two paiticulars
fust, in requiring the proporlion to be the one-
fourth, instead of the one-third, and next, in mak-
ing it apply to the private deposites only The Hue
piopornon is one-thud, and this to apply to all the
deposites except those which are special This
propomon has been fixed for a hunched yeais at
the Bank of England, and just so often as that bank
has fallen below this pioportion, mischief has oc-
curred This is the sworn opinion of the present
Governor of ihe Bank of England, and of the direc-
toro of thit institution Before Lord Althorpe's
committee in 1832, Mr Horsley Palmer, the Go-
vernor of the Bank, testified in these words-
' The ai tragepropoition ai aheady obsefved ofcoimmd
lulllOTl which the bank Otinks tí ptiident to I urn on hand, is
at it" t ate of a thud of the total amount of all net liabilities
including d posit'« an well as issues " Mr ( purge \\ u 1
Norman, a direcioi of the bank, stales the sime thmK in a difli
rent foim of wuids Ilesays ' Fir afull ¿tateoj thee rcula
lion and the dipoittes say twenty one millions of ?i<! s and
iix millions- of deposit's making in the irhnlc twenty seven
viillinnso/ liabilities, tin piopersum in enn and bullion for
the bank lo retain is mm nulla ns Hiu*, (lie ivi i t < pro
pirtttm of tine ilm 1 heUv i a tti spit ic nn h mdtiiil the i irenl i
ti in in 1 dt | rttmcR, must bo cousi leit.il aw m established print i
pf itUulbink which h (¡tote thp largest ant imonj;st the
ollcl mlhcv\>rkl lunightb well iKo to r. muk that the
sunt pi pom in very neulv J re\ til it m the Bank of the
l mud M ttts it the unto of Ih u ino\ il ol ihe ihpositti m Oe
I b i 1 It it NYf, ol specie on haul $10661111 of circula
ti m mil ill | mus C17103 1C being al the late ol between
ono thn 1 and one lotirth ol spicie in hand lot immediate lia
bilí íes
The Bmk of England is not merely required to
keep on hind, in bullion, ihe one third ot its lm-
¡ mediate liabilities, it is bound also to let the
country see thit it has, or has not, that pro-
pnition on hind By an act of the third jear
of Willnm IV, it is required to make quar-
terly publications of the average of the weekly
liabilities of the bank, that the public may see
whenever it descends below the point of safety
Here is the last of thise publications, which is a
full exemplification of the rule and the policy which
now governs that bank
Quarterly avenge of thp weekly liabilities and assets o{ the
ilm k «ft i ?l m I f om the Uth December, 1837, to the 6ih of
Mareh 1 i. s* lath inch) i\p nubhshel pursuaat to theacl3
andWllllam IV, op <)h
Inbilities                              AsRets
firn'ttroii     i.tst.00001              «itcunucs     ¿y 792,900
I) p isilM           11 131001              Bullion            10 01Ó0CKI
í 0 t ¡o,0"KI                                   X30 807,000
Lindan, Mai eh 12
According to this statement, ihe Bank of Eng-
land i% now safe, ar 1 accc rdmgly we see that she is
ictmg upon ihe principle of having bullion enough,
for «he is «hipping gold to (he United Sta'es
The proportion. *n England is one-third The
baik relies upon its debts and other resources for
the other two-thirds, in the event of a run upon it
Tnis is Ihe rule in thai bank which his more re-
souics linn any oihei b->rk m the world, which
is «tutted in the mone>ed metropolis of the vvorhl
—t te richest merchants its debtors, friends and
cisipvis—and the Government of England its
i'o toiatl backer, and ahva}s ready to sustain it
a ii'i exchequer bills, and with every exerticn of its
credit ? -1 means Such a bnk, so situated and
so ti'ed, still deems it necessary to its safely to
ke^p ip hand always the one-third in bullion of
the amount of its immediate liabilities Now, if
• the proportion ol one-third is necessary to the
safety of such a bank, with such resources, how is
it possible that our banks, with their meagre re-
sources and small array of friends, to be safe with
a If ss proportion'
This is the rule at the Bank of England, and
just as often as it has been departed from, the dan-
ger oí that departure has been proved. It was de-
parted from in 1797, when the proportion sunk to
the one-seventh; and what was the result' The
stoppage of the Bank, and of all the banks in
England, and a suspension of specie payments for
six-and-twenty years' It was departed from again
about a year ago, when the proportion sunk to one-
eighth nearly, and what was the result1! A death
struggle between the paper systems of England
and the United States, m which our system was sa-
crificed to save hers. Her system was saved from
explosion1 but at what cost' at what cost to us,
and to herself? To us a general stoppage of all
the banks fot twelvemonths, to the English, a gene-
ral stagnation of business, decline of manufactures,
and of commerce,much individual distress, and a loss
of two millions sterling of revenue to the Crown.
The proportion ol one-third may then be assumed
as the po nt of safely in the Bank of England, less
than that proportion cannot be safe in the United
States. Yet the Senator from Pennsylvania pro-
poses less—he proposes the one-fourth, and propo-
ses it, not because he feels it to be the light propor-
tion, but from some feeling of indulgence or
forbearance to this poor District. Now, I think that
this is a case in which kind feelings can have no
place, and that the point in question is ene upon
which there can be no compromise. A bank is a
bank whether made in a District or a State, and a
bank ought to be safe whether the stockholders be
rich or poor Safety is the point aimed at, and
noihmg unsafe should be tolerated There should
be no giving and taking below the point of safety.
Experienced men fix upon the one-third as the
safe proportion, we should not, therefore, take a
less proporlion Would the gentleman ask to let
the water in the boiler of a steamboat sink one
inch lower, when the experienced Captain inform-
ed him that it had already sunk as low as it was
sale to go? Certainly not' So of these banks. One-
third is the point of safety; let us not tamper with
danger by descending to the one-fourth.
Mr B here read an extract from a speech of Mr.
Weesteb, in which he quoted with approbation the
rule of the Bank of England to keep on hand the
one-third in bullion of its circulation and deposites,
and m which speech it was averred that the same
rule prevailed at the Bank oí the United States.
These remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts
weie in relation to the Safety Fund banks of New
York, during ihe panic of 1833-34, and to show
that those banks were not safe, because then specie
on hand fell below that proportion. The attacks
then made on these banks, though dangerous to
them at ihe time, may have stimulated them to at-
tain the point of safety. Certain it is they are now
doing better than any other banks in the United
States. They have all resumed1 all the banks of
the State and city of New York have resumed' and
I give them applause, and wish them a safe delive-
rance from every danger
Mr B continued. When a bank stops, the
first thing we see is an exposition of its means, and
a declaration of ultimate ability to pay all its debts.
This is nothing to the holders of its notes. Imme-
diate ability is the only ability that is of any avail
lo them. The fright of some, and the necessity of
others, compel them to part with their notes.
Cool, sagacious capitalists can look to ultimate
ability, and buy up the notes from the necessitous
and the alarmed. To them ultimate ability is suffi-
cient, to the community it is nothing. It is, there-
fore, for the benefit of the community that the
banks should be lequired to keep always on hand
the one third of their circulation and deposite*, they
are then ti usted foi two-thirds, and this is earrymg
credit far enough If pressed by a run, it is as
much as a bank can do to make up the other two-
ihnds out of the debts due to her. Three to one is
credit enough, and it is profit enough If a bank
draws interest upon three dollar* when it has but
one, this is eighteen per cent and ought to content
her A citizen cannot lend his money for more
than six per cent, and cannot the banks be eon-
