TO THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 1838._________
25th Cong—2nd Sess.
To avoid them—to fly away from their agency or 1
assistance, is to make a "mortal conflict" with
them The Government only asks what the hum-
blest citizen has a right to require, that it should be
let alone, to manage its own fiscal affairs in its own
way, but the banks and the capitalists will not let it
alone They must that they shall be taken into the
Government, and participate in managing its> reve-
nues, and, because the Government declines their
intervention or co-operation, they proclaim that they
and the Government are in the field, face to face,
and that one or the other must perish. Whilst
hypocritically crying out that they are pursued, they
are, in fact, in combination with the great Federal
party of the country, hunting down the Govern-
ment, and storming the battlements of the Constitu-
tion for it  overthrow. Sir, although distress brings
confusion, and, in times of trouble, the people are
most liable to be deceived, it will be impossible to
conceal from them the true issue forced upon the
country, according to the vaunting declarations of
the banks themselves. It is a contest between the
banks and the Government—the capitalists and the
people. The Government, and the people to whom
the Government belongs, are on the defensive, and,
I trust, they will calmly and immovably remain
so. The demands ^n the one s*de are another Uni-
ted States Bank, capable of controlling the whole
currency of the country—or a reconnection of the
Government with the State banks. Oa the other
side, it is insisted that the Government has no more
right to connect itself with banks than with indivi-
duals; and that an absolute and entire separation
from them is its right and duty. Such are the mea-
sures of the assailants and the assailed.
To divert attention from their own aggressions
and designs, it has been urged by the banks, that by
the Government separating itself from all banks,
two covert measures of hostility are meditated By
receiving m. payment of the public dues nothing
but specie or its own paper, it is designed to bring
the whole currency of the country to gold and sil-
ver, and thus dispense with all bank paper, and
secondly, by using its own paper, it is intended to
supply a paper currency on the part of the Govern-
ment for the whole country, and thus destroy all
bank paper Neither of tliese assertions have any
loundation in fact, and are, in trulh, inconsistent
and antagomstical to each other If the Govern-
ment should issue a paper currency, which should
be a substitute for all the bank paperm circulation,
how would the circulation be a mere metallic cir-
culation? And if the country is reduced to a mtre
metallic circulation, how could a Government pa-
per currency be in circulation' My colleague has
dwelt upon both of these points. He has gone
elaborately into statistics to show how impractica-
ble for the uses of the country would be a currency
of geld and silver without any paper, in the form
of credit, m circulation Sir, he should hive first
shown, that receiving specie in payment of the
public dues by the Government, would have the
effect of destroying all the solvent banks in the
country, abolishing all credit, and reducing the
currency to nothing but gold and silver. Accord-
ing to the most liberal calculation, the Treasury,
under such a policy, will not require more than ten
millions of specie to carry on us operations, and
this, according to the plan pioposed by its friends,
will be gradually drawn, ma series of years, from
the metallic supply of the whole world, whilst there
is tn the United States alone, at the present time,
not less than eighty millions of dollars To argue
gravely that such a cause can produce such* an ef-
fect, and that, by the employment of ten millions
of specie, the Government designs forcing upon
the country the use of no other cuirency than gold
and silver, and the prostration of the banks and all
credit, is as poor a compliment to the sagacity ot
the "Government as it is to the intelligence of the
people. Sir, I have never yet met the man, either
in or out of Congress, who has ever maintained the
propriety or possibility of reducing this great and
enterprising country to a mere hard money curren-
cy If you were to abolish to-morrow every bank
m the land, paper credit, in the shape ot the notes
of individuals or some other form, would crowd
into your circulation. Is it not remarkable, that
gentlemen should be so eager to attack what no-
Treasury Note Bill—Mr. Rhelt.
body defends' They stuif up a man of straw, and
then show their dexterity in shooting it down And
that other diversion from the true issue before the
country—that the Government designs to establish
a Government bank, and to destroy the State banks
by a substitution of its paper in the place of theirs.
Where is the proof ofany such design' In the des-
titution of facts, even the paltry and carefully re-
stricted issue of Treasury notes authorized by the
bill before you, has been relied on to make out the
charge In another part of this building the same
charge has been made, because the Government
proposes to do what it has done ever since it was
established—draw upon its own funds—a privilege
undemed to the humblest cituen of the country
The only measure which gives the least semblance
to any such design, was a measure proposed, not
by the Goverument, but by myself, at the extra
session of Congress, and voted down by a large
majority—that bills receivable m payment of the
public dues should be issued instead of Tieasury
notes But this measure was intended to be con-
fined strictly within the wants and operations of
the Government There was no assigned capital
—no discounting of notes, or [dealing with indi-
viduals, proposed Sir,'neither the banks, nor the
capitalists of the country, believe that any hostile
designs exist towards them on the part of those who
oppose their association with the Government, or
refuse to bend it before their ambitious and selfish
pretensions. We intend to maintain the banking
institutions of theStates„in all their powers and pri-
vileges, with as much fidelity and energy as they
can evince These are mere tubs to the whale—
mere pretexts to divert the attention of the people
from their true designs The know that the banks
re«t m security, beneath the protection of the State
sovereignties who cieated them, and to whom alone
they are responsible Ths} know that there are
not twenty men on this floor, who would consent
that this Government should touch, much le  de-
stroy them, and that those who are most stre-
nuous for the separation of the Government from
all banks, oppose there-establishment of an United
States Bank, (their panacea for all the ills of the
currency,) expressly upon the ground, that this Go-
vernment has no right, by the establishment of such
an institution, to enter the States, and cripple or
crush the banking institutions they have establish-
ed. Not then, upon policy only, but upon consti-
tutional principles, we are necessarily the fast
friends of the banks of the States Sir, the capital-
ists are in no delusion as to this matter These
pretexts are but feints m the battle, to disguise the
true point of attack. If they can suceeed in ma-
king the people believe that they are the party
wronged—that the Government, and not their
own imprudence and weakness, caused them to
fail in redeeming their promise', and that it is now
seeking their destruction, why then, the more con-
fusion and distress to the people, the greater the
odium to the Government, and the more power they
will possess of accomplishing their design of con-
trolling its action,and making it contnbutary to their
credit and aggrandizement Hence, the violent and
sudden contractions and expansions in the currency a
few years siace, by which thousands were injured or
ruined Hence, the innumerable suits which
crowd the courts of the country on the part of the
banks, whilst refusing to meet their own promises
to pay. Hence, the refusal la.tt.ly to resume specie
payments Through the agitations of distress, and
the mists of tears, the people are to be confounded
and blinded, and the Government is to be struck
down and throttled beneath the gripe of monopo-
lists and money changers. The last blow—the
"crowning mercy," may be the measure alluded to
by my honorable colleague—"stopping the supplus"
to the Government—destroying the bill upon your
table, without any adequate substitute to meet the
wants of the Government. "It evei there was a
time," he says, "when this old method, common
with our English ancestors, of redressing the rights
of the people against their Government, was justi-
fiable, it was now."
[Mr Thompson rose and said, that he did not
recommend such a measure, or say that he would
vote for it, on the contra) y, he had declared hts
§33
H. of Reps.
willingness to vote for a loan or any other consti-
tutional method of supply.}
I have stated, Mr. Chairman, the words of my
colleague as I understood him to utter them, and
my statement is not incompatible with what he says.
I know that he did suggest a method of supply, in
connection with his remarks—a loan in Europe—
for which he said he would vote, but which
he expressly declared at the same time he should
not propose This scheme I have already con-
sidered, and have shown, I think, that it will not
answer the emergency of the Treasury, but if
adopted, would, in fact, be "stopping the supplies "
Let it be, sir, that my friend has merely hinttd at
this grand remedy It is followed up by a propo-
sition of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Hop-
kins,] for another form of supply, who declares at
the time, that he shall not vote for his own propo-
sition.* The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Beix]
pioposes another form, but he does not say that
he will vote for it. Mr Chairman, I trust that I
mistake these intimations, and that gentlemen do
not intend to carry them into effect Is it come to
this, that for usurping power or aggressing «pon
the rights of the citizens, but because the Govern-
ment will not act—will noi unite itself to banks—
will not usurp a power (establishing a United States
Bank) questioned irom the very first origin of the
Government—that it is to be violently suspend-
ed and overthrown' No one can doubt our
control over the supplies. It is absolute-—un-
limited But to stop them, is a revolutionary-
measure, j ustifiable only when we are prepared to
dissolve the Government, throw away the shield
of the Constitution and the laws—and reconstruct
fiom the entangled elements of society, a new po-
litical fabric I call upon gentlemen to look to the
consequences boldly, before they trifle with them
Neither >our civil nor military dependants a^e
bound to serve you without bread or pay Your
army—your navy—}Our Judicial and Executive
officers ail over the land, will have a right to dis-
band and leave 5 our service Suspend for a sin-
gla day the laws and the Constitution of the coun-
try—and when, and where may it end? Let the
spirit of anarchy and lawlessness at a time like the
present, full of confusion and distress, of violent
political agitat'on and fierce contention for power,
once lift its hydra head in our land—and who shall
strangle it? Sir, I bid gentlemen beware. They
may sow to the wind, and reap the whirlwind. I
am a friend to the banks, although no apologist
for their abuses I can be no enemy to the capi-
talist, for I own property, and hold that its accu-
mulation is the necessary fruit and reward of civi-
lization itself, but if they, m conjunction with the
great Federal party to which they are allied, shall
make this experiment upon the patience and pa-
tirotism of the people, their madness will be their
rum Banks and capitalists are the natural
allies to Government They are the creations
of law, and essentially depend on iu> steady
and certain administration for their support
Credit is a delicate plant, often of slow
growth, and can only live m the sunshine or
peace, and the calm of confidence. Forgetful or re-
gardless of their true nature and policy, for the first
time in the history of the world, the banks of the
country are arrayed against the Government, and
the path of revolution is pointed to as the trium-
phant road in which they are to tread to power
Sir, let them enter it, and their rum will be inevi-
table The \ ery first victims to lawless popular
fury, may be thoss who shall have created, excited,
and dared it, and even that marble palace, with its
*Mr Hopkins m the debate subsequently de-
clared, that he would vote for no supplies, until
their custody was properly provided for, by new
legislation. He had just proposed as an amend-
ment to the Treasury bill, Mi. Rnes's bill uniting
the Government to a league of twenty-five State
banks Mr. Randolph of New Jersey, m the course
of the debate expressed al«o the opinion that the
abuses of the Government justified the House in
" stopping the supplies "
f At the late election in New England, the tnaan.-
iacturers, it is said, compelled their woikmen in u¿
factories to vote colored tickej-s.
