336_________________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.________    April, 1886.
25th Cong"-2nd Se->s.                     Removal of the Treasury Building—Mr. Lincoln.                                             H. of Reps.
and he thought he explained himself so fully at the
time, that no one could misapprehend him, for he
affirmed that the bank did all it could do.
It was its duty to redeem its bills, and it
had done so. This was just as it should be
But he added further that, in the existing state of
things, no bank, pursuing this course, could keep
its bills out, for paper was less valuable than spe-
cie by several pei cent. The Bank of Washington
could not, therefore, safely issue a dollar of its pa-
per unless zt had on hand a dollai of specie to re-
deem it. No bank could do bubiaess in that way
without loss, for if as much money must lie idle m
the vaults as is equal to all its bills afloat, the loss
of interest is exactly equal to the gam, and nothing
is left to indemnify for risk or to defray expenses.
The Bank of Washington had not, therefore, kept
out its bills because it could not work impossibili-
ties, and, moreover, it was difficult to see how one
as zealous lor a specie circulat'on as the Senator
could be anxious to have a bank withdraw it from
circulation to give the public only dollar for dollar
in paper. With his views, one would think it bet-
ter to leave the specie afloat than to make this sub-
stitution of papar. All this he had said in sub-
stance, and supposed of course every one would un-
derstand what he meant by humbug namely, that
payment of specie was, under such circumstances,
merely nominal, as the bank could not do business
Now that he was up, he would add a few words
moie in regard to this bank, for he thought re-
marks unjust in their character had been made in
relation to it. Its embarrassments m 1834 had
been adverted to with great disapprobation, and
urg-ed as a reason for withholding confidence from
it, and refusing to renew its charter It was true
it had been embarrassed, but he thought even that
could be explained without leaving upon the coi-
poiation any stain of dishonoiable reproacn He
would, however, content himself with looking at
its subsequent conduct, and see whether it afforded
evidence, that it it possessed the public confidence,
and whether it had given proof of a design rather
to stand fair with the public than to make money
It had made no dividends for hve years, not a
farthing had the stockholders received during that
time, but it had been sedulously employed in re-
panng and restoring its credit It then had $21,000
oí deposites, it now has $372,000, an amount,
actually greater than its capital. He had beiore
him a statement of its affairs then and now, both
as to its liabilities and resources, by which it was
most manifest, that by prudence asd economy it
had repaired its losses, and had justly entitled itself
to the high confidence of the public which it now
possessed
It was the last among the banks to suspend pay-
ments, having tedeemed over $40,000 of its circu-
lation beiore V. yielded to the pressure of the limes.
At the moment of suspension it had about $43,000
ot bills m circulation This event occurred in
May, 1837, and in August following, it resumed
the redemption of its bills in gold and silver, having
suspended for about three months, and, sir, there is
a striking fact connected with this, illustrative of the
great confidence felt m the ability of the bank.
During this period of three months, it went on like
other banks, receiving its bills inpayment of debts,
on deposit, and in exchange for the bills of other
banks And how much of their circulation, think
you, came in? Bid the holders of bills rush upon
them' Could those who owed the bank buy them
up at a heavy discount, and thus pay their debts'
All it was able to collect m during that time
amounted to about $8,000, leaving in circulation,
when it resumed, over $35,000, which has since
been reduced to §13,000, or to a nominal sum, for
it is probable most of this will never return
Is not this a triumphant refutation of all the slan-
ders about its having defrauded the public' Has zt
not forsaken its own immediate interest, and sacri-
ficed all present advantages to the stockholders, to
strengthen itself Has it not promptly met ¡fs lia-
bilities'2 What has it omitted to do winch it ought
to have done, or what has it done that it ought not
to &oi If any institution can present itself with
clean hands, does not this do it? If any institution
can atone for losses or errors in business, has not
his done it?   It stands in no shape wrong, unless
we exact impossibilities. Mr. D. said, having now
done this act of justice to the Bank of Washington
and Us officers, he would notice some misapprehen-
sions which gentlemen labored under respecting the
bank  m Massachusetts. He then proceeded to
show that, from the manner of conducting business
in that State, the banks were necessarily made the
collectors of the bills of each other, and, when thus
collected in, they were withdrawn from circulation
and exchanged, so that the circulation on paper al-
ways appeared much larger than it really was, for
the bills thus held might, on an average, be consi-
dered as cancelling each othei in the different banks.
He then proceeded to prove, from the returns ta-
ken m this view, as compared with other States,
that the banks of that Stale were in a condition be-
yond distrust, and he believed that no bank could
comply with the laws of Massachusetts and fail to
be sound The system was guarded with gieat
caution, but frauds would sometimes occur.
RKMOVAX OF THE TREASURY BUILDING
SPEECH OF MR. LINCOLN,
Or Massachusetts,
in the Housi of RepreseMahves, April 17,  1838 —
The House having gone into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr Port, of
Kentucky, in the Chair,) took up lor considera-
tion the iollowmg bill.
A HILL piovidmgfoi the lemoValof the walls of the Treasu
ry building and for the election of a fire pi oof building lor
the Post Oifice Dt pal tment
Be it enacted, fyc That the President of the United States
be and heheieby is, authonzed 10 cause the unfinished walls
oí the Iieosury budding, now in the pioccss of construction, to
be taken down, and the materials to be lemoved and applied to
the construction of a fire proof building ol such dimensions and
upon such plan of anangement as may be required foi the uso
and accommodation of the Post Office Depaument on the site
oí the Post Oifice building lectntly destroyed by lire and, for
this pul pose, that he be aulhorued to employ a «killui uchi
tect to prepaie andsubmit to him the ne< cssaiy plans foi the
proper construction of such building having tegaid to the use
oí the materials aloresaid, whit li, buns; approved by him, shall
be conformed to in tin erection of the símame And !h< said
architect m iv be continued m the sunei mtendence of the con
struciion oí th*. building or mother employed in that seivice,
us ihe Picsidcnt mayjud^e bent
Mr 2 And he it fuilhci enacted, That, for the erection
of the building authorized by the tirst section of tins act, in ad
dltion to the matelials to be lemoved and applied thereto, as
thcitin mentioned, there b*>, and hereby is, appropriated, tfee
sum oí one hundred and fifty thousand dolíais, out of any mo
ney in the Treasury not otherw ise appropriated by law
Mi. LINCOLN (chairman of the Committee on
Public Puddings and Public Grounds, who had re-
ported the bill) addressed the committee in sub-
stance as follows
Mr. Chairman The report which accompanies
the bill, and which is on the tables of gentlemen,
explains the views ot the committee, and presents
the general reasons upon which the measure pro.
posed is to be sustained I might be content to
rest here the mews of the propositien, and wait the
objections (if any) which are to be urged against
it, had not circumstances, extraneous to the matter
of the report, and subsequent to its presentation to
the House, admonished me of the propriety of be-
ing well understood in the outset of this discussion
An appeal from the judgment and recommendation
of the committee has been already made, by the
architect oí the buildings, to the House and the
country, and I am anxious that no misapprehen-
sion should exist in, the minds ot members as to the
course of proceeding, the statement of facts, or tne
results, which are intended to be presented There
are, indeed, certain minor and subordinate consi-
derations, not particularly adverted to m the report,
which are proper to be connected with the subject
of inquiry, and will serve to assist to a better un-
derstanding of the occasion of the bill
The new Treasury building is being constructed,
under the authority of the fifth section of the act of
July 4, 1836, which is in the following words
Sec 5 And be it furthei enacted, That the President of
tho United States be and he hereby is authorized to cause to
be eregted, on c near the site oí the foimer TreasurybuiM
nig, oi on any othei public lot which he may select, a fire
proof building of such dimensions as may be required for the
present ard future accommodations of the Treasury Depart
mem, upon such plan, and of such uiatenals, as he may deem
mo^tadvantageous, and that foi this puipose there be appio
priated, out of any money in the Tieasuiy not otherwise ap
propnated, the sum of one hundred thousand dollars
Here, Mi. Chairman, is the authority under
which the work was commenced and is proceed-
ing The law required three distinct acts to be done
by the President, which jn their character were pre-
vious, and necessarily prerequisite, to the construc-
tion of the building. First, in their proper order,
he was to select a site, either near the old Trea-
sury, or some other, as his judgment should prefer;
second, to determine upon the plan and dimensions
of the structure, and in the latter to see that they
were sufficient for the present and future probable
occasions of the Department; and third, as indis-
pensably connected with the other two, to appoint
an architect for the work. If the building is now
ill-placed and defective, or otherwise obnoxious to
the objections urged in the report, it arises from a
default in the execution of the trust confided to the
Plesident in ene or all the above particulars, or it
has resulted from incapacity or unfaithfulness in
the mode of construction by the architect. It is a
necessary duty to show wheie the fault lies, that the
mirtd may be disabused of prejudice which partial
or party considerations may interpose tó the cor-
rection, as far as may now be, of manifold and im-
portant errors.
The act, as I have before shown, passed on the
4th of July, 1836, the very day, as I recollect, of
the adjournment of the session of Congress. I
now hold in my hand, Mr. Chairman, evidence of
the time and manner m which the late President of
the United States dischargad that part of the duty
which Congress had devolved upon him. It is
contained in a paper which I will send to the table,
and ask to have read by the Clerk.
It was read in the following words-
Under the act of Congiess, authorising the President of the
United States to causea Treasury building and Patent Office to
be eicctod, I hereby designate the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings to superintend generally the detailed modifications
of plans foi them, the adveiusing and foiming of the contracts,
and the whole disbursements thereon, and to enable him to keep
the icconnts, make the payments, and prepaie vouchers foi
settlement, uid conduct the other correspondence íelating theie
to, I autlionzc him to employ a cleric at not over $900 a year,
to be paid equally out of the appropriations for said objects I
iurther appoint Robert Mills as architect, to aid in forming the
plans making propel etianges therein from time to time, and
seeing to the erection of s ud braidings in substantial conformi
ty to the plans hereby adopted, which are. in their general out-
lines to be as to the Tredbuiy building, that annexed by said
Mills—and as to the Patent Office, that annexed by Mr Elliott,
the former building to be erected on the old site, and the latter
one on the square north of the Post Office
ANDREW JACKSON.
Washington city, July6,1836
Mr. Chairman, resumed Mr. L it is important
that the date of this document should be regarded
It will be observed to be the 6th of July, the second
day after that on which the act was passed. Here,
sir, we find that within forty-eight hours of the
enactment of the law, m the bustle of an adjourn-
ment oí Congress, and the fatigue and lassitude
occasioned by its protracted sessions, and the heavy
pressure of business at its close, the duties required
oí the President in relation to the selection of the
site, on a view and consideration of all the circum-
stances which should enter into the decision of
such a matter, the preference of a plan, upon a
comparison of many which might be presented of
diflerent designs of construction, and the appoint-
ment of an architect, were all performed. It would,
indeed, seem, upon a superficial thought, that much
more opportunity for consideration should have
been given to either of these objects, especially to
an inquiry for an appropriate plan. The future
occasions of the Department, even if the present
were known, involved large scope for contempla-
tion Who can limit, in imagination even, the
growing business of this mighty Republic? But,
sir, I intend not to impute blame to the Executive
for this apparent precipitation. On the contrary,
under the circumstances which I shall state, I hold
him acquitted of fault therein It will be remem-
bered by those who were members of former Con-
gresses, that this subject of the erection oí a Trea-
sury building had engaged for several sessions the
attention of the Committee on Public Buildings.
Numerous and very different plans had been ofisred
for their adoption, and at length a preferred one,
presented by Mr. Elliot, an architect in this city,
was suspended m the lobby. For weeks it was
made subject to the inspection of the members of
the House, and remained upon the wall at the date
of the passage of the bill. At the same time Mr.
Mills was in the actual employ of the Government
as an architect.   He had come recommended to
