May, 1838.
APPENDIX'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL' G1LOBK
341
25th Cong-• "2nd Sess.
Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Niks.
Senate.
of the new, or the walls of the new may be removed
to the saving of the old. But these are not all
the considciations, in stating the account current
of profit and lo=s. To the small balance even
of $2,265 against the removal of the walLs of the
new building, I propose the great under valuation
of the property in the old. It is represented to have
cost, at least, $130,000. At the certain present
value of jl 00,000, the difference, instead of being
$2,265 against the removal, would be $17,735 m
favor of the measure. To this is to be added the
cost of a parapet wall, or stone terraee, along the
line of the basenrnt, to guard the front from the
caving earth and brick of the adjacent iidewalk at
one extreuntv of the building, and to conceal the
present exposed state of the rough foundation work
at the other, as well as to give the appenrance of a
horizontal line of colonnade, at an estimate of
$20,000 more. It is threatened that there will be
claims for damages., also, to the abutteis on the op-
posite side of the street, by reason of reducing its
grade, and obstructing a ready access to their budd-
ings; but as the right, at best, is questionable, I have
not taken it into the a< count. Taking, then, the
itemte only which are derived principally from data
furnished by the architect himself, it results that,
by immediate!} stopping ihe progress of the work,
and removing the unfinished walls, rather man pro-
secuting the plan and sacrificing the Slate Depart-
ment buudmg, a saving, at the least, little short of
$40,000 will be effected.
Theie is yet another view of the matter, which
presents the effect uprn the interest of the Govern-
ment in a more ■■ nkmg point ol light. The esti-
mated cist, by the architect, of the present plan of
the building, it fu '/ canitd out, including ihe loss
of the Stan. D?} aliment, i« $900,000; but would pro-
bably n-e to a md'ion If the work is now arrest-
ed, ard the tie  <jn hcretofoie approved by the Com-
mittee on Pi blic Buildings substituted in its stead,
the State Depanmpnt building will be saved, and
an edifice of ample dimensions, and of plain and
simple style oí aichitecture, may be constructed
for le«s than one-half the cost. But if the present
plan be persisted in, the expense of the building in
progress is not only to be incurred, but it will im-
pose the necessity, at no distant day, of a similar
process of con- ruc'ion on the opposite side of the
square. It is v e1! known that the building occu-
pied by tit; jSrty Depart ent is deiec'uve, and
must soon co  ie t'ovtn. It was, originally, badly
built, and «as greatly injured by fire, set to it
by the British, on their incursion to the city during
the last w&r, and is now not worthy of repair.
Whenever it shall be rebuilt, whatever form of
structuie is adopted on the easl of the President's
square, to pteaei \ e uniformity must be conformed
to on the xoest Heis, now, stands the building oc-
cupied by the Depaitment of War, a substantial
and valuable buck structure, corresponding m po-
sition and appearance with that of the Department
of State. The destruction of the one is but the
signal for that of the other; and the sacrifice and
the outlay aie thus to be repeated, to the expendi-
ture of another million oí dollars. Let gentlemen not
be blind to this scheme of extended and wild extra-
vagance.   Once entered upon, it cannot be stayed.
If the bill nou before the committee shall be re-
jected, my word for it, appropriation after appro-
priation, without stmt, will hereafter be required.
The plan is but little understood. The object to
which one hundred thousand dollars was first ap-
propriated, now demands one million; and we have
just seen how that will give occasion for a million
more1 Bu', Mr Chairman, I hear the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, near me, [Mr. Petrikin,] m
an undritone, declare that he will not vote another
dollai, either to build up or to pull down. Sir, we
must do the one thing or the other.     The walls of
the new Treasury building cannot he permitted to
remain, in their present condition. They now dar-
ken the windows of the State Department, and
the materials prepared for their completion incum-
ber the public way. The eye of the gentleman
himself would not long endure the offence of the
unfinished pile, nor his spirit of economy rest satis-
fied with the waste of property which might be ap-
plied to a profitable use. I trust he will yet go with
me for the bill, if for no other reason than as a
measur eminently consistent with his own professed
policy of "retrenchment and reform."
A single point more remains te be considered.
In addition to the authority te the President "to
cause the unfinished walls of the Treasury building
to be taken down," the bill provides:
"That the materials shall be removed aru applied to the erec-
tion of a file proof building of such dimensions and plans of
arrangement as may be required for the use and accommoda-
tion of the Post Office Department, on the site of the Post Office
building recently destroyed by fire "
This application of the materials, the commit-
tee who reported the bill were fully satisfied was
recommended both by expedienc} and a regard to
economy. The v ant of accommodations for the
Post Office Departmeit is searcelj Ipjs u c^nt tha i
for the Treasury. Since the conflagration of the
former building, the business of the office has been
conducted m inconvenient and insecure apartments,
and the accumulated valuable papers and records,
the evidences and assurances of multiplied and ex-
tensive contracts and disbursements, are constantly
exposed to the imminent hazard of destruction.
If it shall now be determined, as I trust it will be,
that the walte of the Treasury bu Iding be ta-
ken down, the materials must necessarily, from
their quantity, be removed to some other place,
to prevent incumbrance to the adjacent grounds
and streets, and it would obviously, therefore,
be most judicious to transport them directly to
the spot, where they might be immediately
and advantageously used. The stone, some-
what defaced by the two-fold process of con-
struction and removal, although not substantially
injured, will be less objectionable on the proposed
s te for the Post Office than in the more conspicuous
position nhich will doubtless be selected for re-
building the Treasury, and the construction of the
building will be hastened at least a year by nis
direction to their application. That the mater als
are appropriate to the object is vouched by Mr.
Walter, the architect, who, in answer to inquiries
addressed to him on the subject, has certihed that
"there will be no difficulty whatever in auangmg
the design for the Post Office so as to bring all the
materials of the Treasury building into use, with
very great advantage"' In this opinion Mr. Mills
also has expressed his entire concurrence, and pre-
sented to the committee a plan for a building, in
conformity thereto.
But, Mr. Chairman, I hapten to a close, and to
rel.cve the committee from the heavy tax which I
have exacled from their indulgence. I have en-
deavored to state, m a manner, I trust, to be under-
stood, the weighty considerations which influenced
the Comtnit'ee on Public Buildings after a laborious
investigation, extended through a period of nearly
Ave months, to report to the House the bill under
discussion Theirs was a ta«k of duty; and th y
have performed it with reference only to the high
obligations to its faithful discharge The subj ct,
as it was presented to them, related to property and
business, and they have treated it, not as a poli-
tical, but as a practical question, m which the
necessary accommodations of the Government,
and the pecuniary interests of the People, were
especially to be regarded, For myself, I have
indulged, on this occasion, in none of those feel-
ings of pride for a display of national taste, and
of emulation for national distinction m the cultiva-
tion and encouragement of the arts, which may well
become the statesmen of this great Republic, m an
age of improvement in all which adorns a state of
civilization and refinement. I have left it for this
committee and this House to compare what is about
to be done with that which already evists; to judge
how far, in the construction ot tne public edifices,
m a day of peace and prosperity, they will fall
behind the liberality and grandeur w hich was in-
dulged, ui a time of debt, msecui'h, and public
embarrassment. I leave them to co itrast the mag-
nificence of this Capitol, and the Executive Man-
sion, eiected by the order, aud m the far-reaching
wisdom, of enlightened and high-minded predeces-
sors, with the design of structures which are about
to maik the period and the policy of their own
legislation, and to decide for themselves how much
the one will give pre-eminence to their fame, or be
in keeping even with the standard of the other.
DEBATE ON ME. CLAY'S RESOLUTION.
In Senate, May 25,1838.
REMARKS OF MR. NILES.
Mr. MLES said he regretted to see such distrust
of the Executive branch of the Government in any
question, and still rnerp, in that whence he had just
witnessed it. Must not some confidence, and some
discretion, be reposed in the Chief Executive offi-
cers, acting" under a high responsibility to the laws
and the country? or is confidence only to be reposed
in the banks? Are we to presume that the Secreta-
ry of the Treasury will do wrong, and be governed
in our legislation by mere suspicion? Sir, what are
we called on to do? Why, in the first place, it is
proposed to make the receipt of the notes of tlgat or
nine hundred State bank  compulsory upon the
officers of the Treasury, to legalize this immense
mass of paper money, and make it a tender for all
dues to ihe Government. It would seem that this
was going far enough, as it > placins? the Govern-
ment in a situation m which no individual is placed,
and in which no bank is placed, as they all possess
and exercise the power of receiving or refusing the
no es of other banks, as they may think is for their
own interest. But the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Rives] is not satisfied with this, he wishes to go
farther, and compel this Government to disburse
the bills of these nine hundred banks, however
troublesome or inconvenient this may be to the
Treasury. After the Ssnatorfrom Kentucky, [Mr.
Clay,] who introduced the resolution, seem? to
have become satisfied that such a principle would
be dangerous, and has moved to strike it out, the
Senator from Virginia comes forward to sustam it,
with a modification, providing that the bills which
may be received shall not be presented to the banks
issuing them, unless there be reason to believe that
the bank is unsafe, This permission would amount
to nothing, for how could your officers, who would
be required to take the notes of the most distant
banks in the Union, know whether the banks were
safe or not? The proposition would be a prohibi-
tion against returning any notes received for re-
demption or payment.
In what situation, then, would this Government
be placed ? Why, sir, it would be compelled, by
its own laws, to receive for revenues the notes of
eight or nine hundred loca! banks, to retain them
until wanted for expenditure, and then to dtsburs?
them, however inconvenient, and at whatever
sacrifice. The object seems to be, sir, to make
this Government the great absorling power of the
bank circulation of the country. Our officers are
to be compelled to receive, to retain, and to pay
out the paper currency of the State banks. We
are to tie up our hand-, and deprive ourselves of a
right which belongs and is exercised by the hum-
blest individual m the country. We are to sub-
ject this Government to resinctions which the laws
of no State impose on any individual, nor on any
moneyed corporation. The Federal Government
is to be fettered and bound hand and foot, and to
receive and pay out the multifarious local curren-
cies of the States, which are not only unsafe, but
must be depreciated.
Do gentlemen forget that bank notes aie, and
ought to be, a mere local currency; that they are,
and always must be, at a discount at a!' points
i emote from where they are issued. He spoke of
a state of things when the banks are paying specie
for their liabilities. Will not the bills of a bank
at Bangor be at a discount in Illinois, where thsv
will be íeceivable for the public lands? and will
not the notes of the banks of Illinois be at a dis-
count m Maine, wheie they must be receneifoi
customs? You propose, then, to force this Go-
vernment to take depreciated paper, and, at the
same time, to deprive it of tne poor privilege,
which belongs to every individual, of returning it
upon 'he banks for payment, if it shall be found
necessary. You propose to subject your Treasury,
and the people who pay the taxes to supply it w nb
funds, to restrictions which must not only be at-
tended with great inconvenience, bm expose ¡t !o
heavy sacrifices.
Is the Treasury of the whole country to be sub-
jected to restrictions winch are imposed on no bank
in the country?   Sir, the Bank of the United States,
