May, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB&
343
25m Co\G-"'2vi) Sess.
Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mr. Hubbard.
Senate.
Congress attempted to assist the banks in. resuming'!
The excess m the currency then was vastly greater,
and the resources of the country much less. At that
time, the paper ci'culation had swelled to one hun-
dred and ten millions, and was undergoing a pro-
cess of reduction, when the Bank of the United
States was put into operation in 1817. That insti-
tution cheeked the reduction, by introducing a new
species of paper credit, and by discounting freely
during the years 1817 and 1818. This gave a sti-
mulus to business, and for one or two years the
country enjoyed great apparent prosperity. But
this forced and premature activity was short, and
soon followed by a relapse, and years of distress
and suffering, almost unexampled.
All the Western banks, and many others, had
to suspend the second time, and most of them
were entirely swept away. This was the result of
the establishment of branches at the West which
discounted freely. The notes they put out were
sent to the Eastern cities for remittance, and the
payments made to the branch banks were m local
notes, and m that way a large amount of the
paper of the State banks fell into the branch banks.
The sudden and dangerous extension of its loans
and circulation by the Bank of the United States
during the latter part of the year 1817 and 1818,
brought that bank into a perilous situation, and to
save itselt it was compelled to commence a rapid
curtailment. The large mass of paper of the
State banks, in its Western branches, was con-
verted into specie, which broke all the Western
banks in 1819 A second contraction of the cur-
rency commenced, and continued until the one
hundred ?nd ten m luons was reduced to forty five
millions, a ridiic'jon of about sixty per cent. This
produced a la id reduction of pr ces, and a scene
of sacrifices dlstre^s and suffering, almost unex-
ampled m this or any other country. As late as
182J, Mr. Crawford informs us, that notwithstand-
ing the reduction oí the paper circulation from one
hundred and ten millions to forty-five millions, the
currency then was far from being sound , that the
resumption was little more thau nominal, and that
a still furtner reduction in some sections of the
Union must tile place place before the cuirency
could become sound This opinion was pioved to
be corree, íor it \t as not until the year 1824 that
íesumption was c^ ripíete in all the Western States
Such, sir, \ ere l  e trails oí íorcmg a premature
resumption bj 'he legislation of Congress, and the
application oí an artificial stimulus. The banks
suspended m 1814, and the resumption was not
complete, and the currency generally restored to a
sound condi'ion, before 1824, aperiod often years
And yet, sir, with these facts upon our records, and
bclo'e the world, we are constantly reminded of
the important and benefic al agency of the Bank
of the United States in bunging about specie pay-
ments and restoiiiig the cunency m 1816. This
beneficial agency cost the countn immense sicn-
fices, and long j ears of distress and suffering, whieh
might have been avoided had things been left to
take their ratural course. The country was re-
covering, ihe redundance of the currency reducing,
when the artificial stimulus created by the Bank of
the United States was applied, which produced a
forced resumption, and a premature restoration of
business before the banks or the country were pre-
pared for it
Sir, shall those lessons, so recent and so severe,
be lost upon us"! Shall we profit nothing by expe-
rience"! Shall we go on committing one binder
aftei another, shaping our legislation with reference
to present circumstances alone—not looking ahead
a smg'e yeai, nor scarcely a single month1
Sir, in the picsent condition of the country, no
more foresight is necessary than what belongs to
ordinary sagacitj The course of events does not
depend on doubtful or uncertain causes, but on
well known and well established principles The
country has passed the crisis, the currency has been
reduced thirty-thiee percent and as low as is re-
quired, prices have been reduced, importations di-
minished, foreign exchanges have become favora-
ble, specie is li nving into the country; the sound
and well i onducted ban] s are resuming, and busi-
ness is reviving All this has been accomplished
in one year, aid when the financial concerns of
the Government have been separated/mm the banks;
when m fact, sir, the Independent Treasury
scheme, represented to be so hostile to the banks,
has been m practical operation. The process has
been going on fast enough; as fast as the condition
of the country would admit; and as fast as its
strength has been restored, its energies and activity
have been displayed
In this condition of the country, what course
ought Congress to pursue'! His opinion was well
known; he was for confirming and establishing, by
law, the practical separation, which has existed, of
the Government from the banks, of disconnecting
our financial interests from theirs This is the po-
licy of the majority of this body, but if we cannot
carry it out, what then shall we do'! Shall we re-
move the existing barriers which, to a certain
extent, do separate our revenues and our credit
from the banks'! Shall we open the door of the
Treasury wider than it has even been, for the re-
ception of bank notes'! Shall we apply to the banks
in their present critical situation the powerful sti-
mulus of the entire credit of this Government, and
thus force them into action before they or the coun-
try aie prepared for if! Sir, the danger is not that
the banks will be too slow m their movements, ,t is
the other way—that they will be too rapid; that they
will extend their discounts and their credit too fast,
and before the country is prepared for such a
change. This is the danger, and shall we contri-
bute to increase it, by an uncalled for and danger-
ous application of our cred.fi Sir, it is time to act
with caution, and with some little foresight He
beseeched gentleman, and particularly the majo-
rity, to be careful how they moved at a time =o cri-
tical as the present, to be cautious how they as-
sumed the responsibility of measures which may
give a sudden and dangerous expansion and en-
largement to the currency and bank credits What
has been will occur again, the results which have
been witnessed have not proceeded from accidental
causes, but from fixed principles If we apply the
credit of the Government to the banks, they will
suddenly extend their discounts, increase their cir-
culation, and impart a factitious impulse to trade
and every kmd of business Importations will sud-
denly become large, speculation will revive, and
particularly in the public lands, and your Trea-
sury will be once more overflowing
If, sir, the separation cannot be brought about,
at this time, consistency requires that we «hould
remain where where we are. If we cannot ad-
vance, let us not recede if we cannot complete trie
sepaiation, let us not bring the Government into
a closer connection with the banks It was often
true of nations, as of individuals, tha' their greatest
strength ¡sshown in standing still Let us reman
where we are, and stand on the joint resolution of
1816, and the deposite act of 1836 There were
principles m Ihose acts which produced a paitial
separation of the finances of the Government from
those of individuals and corporations, tne iauer had
occasioned an entire separation during the suspen-
sion, and would continue it after resumption, so
far as respected all banks issuing notes less than
five dollars
He was was aware that the ground on which it
is claimed that the Government should loan its
credit to the banks, to aid them m resumption, is
that it will relieve the country. But ne denied that
there were any examples in history that justified the
interference of Government to relieve the people
from the evils of a revulsion brought on by a re-
dundant currency. When it had been attempted,
it had increassd the difficulties it was designed to
lemove. England is the country to which we look
for examples, and can gentlemen print to any
there"! What measures did Parliament adopt for
the relief of the countiy at the commercial
revulsions of 1793, ot 1814, of 1825, and during
the past year' Were the evils the nation suffered,
believed to be wi'hm the reach ot legislation"! and
it so, what were the remedies lhat were applied!
Will gentlemen be so good as to inform us' In
1895, it is true, or the following year, Parliament
removed in part the monopoly of the Bank of Erg-
land, so as to allow of private banking beyond
sixty-five miles from London But this was a re-
medy very different from what is proposed here,
and the success of it has been a sunject of contro-
versy ever since in that country.
In regard to the Treasury order of July 1816, he
had but a word to say. It has no doubt perform-
ed the office expected from it at that time, and the
condition of the country is now very different
from what it was then. Still a similar state of
things may occur, and that soon. He had at the
last regular session voted for what was called the
currency bill, that bill when ordered to be engross-
ed, contained no principle inconsistent wiifa. the
Treasury order, it was only a re-enactment of the
joint resolution of 1816, with some provis.ons of a
restrictive character operating on the banks, and
d esigned to exclude small bills, andfavor the circula-
tion of specie. After the bill had its third rc<^ ug,
and when en its final passage, on the suggestion,
he believed of the Senator from Kentncky, [Mr.
Cur,] a provision was inserted similar to that in
the present resolution, which superseded the Trea-
sury order But with this principle .r t, he voted
for the bill very cheerfully, because it was then
the policy of the Government to connect its finances
with the banks, and through thai connection to
a'tempt to regulate their issues, or at least to im-
pose restrictions and checks upon them As long
as this was the policy of the Government, he con-
sid^ed the Treasury order as inconsistent with that
policy, as a general rule, and regarded it only as a
temporary measnre To collect the revenue in
specie to be immediately deposited in banks and
converted into bank credit, and then to be loaned
out again m sueh form as the banks saw fit, aopear-
ed to him a veiy useless operation, attended with
inconvenience, and producing no p'actical results,
as respects the introduction and circulation of
specie. If the revenue operations of the Govern-
ment are to promote the circulation of com, it
must be paid out as well as collected, for if de-
posited in banks, they will use it as the basis of
paper issues. As long, therefore, as the revenues
of the country were connected with the banks, he
could see no efficacy m the Treasury order as a
general principle
But the banks having exploded, and the deposite
system failed, the policy of the Government is
changed We now propose to separate our fi-
nances from the banks, and to get back t" the
lawful currency as fast as we can. WV na,' be
defeated m this, but it is the present po! -__ t>i the
Administration and its friends. Under i\ se cir-
cumstances, he was not disposed to give up any
princple which produced a partial separation. If
we cannoi advance, he was not willing to recede^
feut hold fast to what we had gained, to occupy the
ground we no ¿? do, and yield nothing which might
bring us into a closer connection with the bankmg-
aná credit system of the country.
Believing that the Treasury order violated no
principle, tha1" there weie reasons forappljmga
different ru'e to the lands, than ma" be arp ed to
the customs—the first being a sale of auoiic pro-
perty at a fixed price, and not an indnect tax on
the country, and regarding the order as consistent
with the policy of a separation, pie could not vote
to supersede it The customs are a tax paid by
the consumers, and if the currency vanes, or sinks
below the proper specie standard, the whole coun-
try has the benefit of it, not so with the r'leiree
from the lauds, that is only the consideration of
public property sold, and if paid for m a dep-ecia-
ted currency, the benefit go«s enarely to the pur-
chasers. It is m efiect to reduce the nric, which
was fixed and established on a specie standard, and
it that standard is rsduced, the pnc« s to the same
extent reduced, and that for the ex"'us'e heneft
of the purchaser. He was aw are, '.órete-, turn ,i
large majority of the Sinate, be'ieve' >b?t the Trea-
sury order ought to be repealed, ai a he swid be
content with giving his own \ote igai  s> that and
e\ ery other part of the resolut on
REMARKS OF MR HUBBARD,
Mr HUBBARD said that in voting, as he shou'd,
against the passage of the resolution, he was un-
willing that it should be inferred, from so ch i cr,
that he felt any hostility to the local bmks He
bad been, and he still was, their fnen i, and those
institutions which should so conduct diemseives a*
