May, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
25rH Cong-'"2nd Sess.
Mr. Clay's Resolution—Mu Calhoun.
Senate.
United States and its branches, notes of the incor-
porated banks in Bpstou, New Yotk, Philadelphia,
Ba'tmore, and Richmond, and in the States of
South Carolina and Georgia, (except the City Bank
of Baltimore,) and of those specie-paying banks
in the State in which the land office is situated.
' This instruction,' it is added, ' supersede* those
which have heretofore been given on the subject,
except m so far as they prohibit the receipt of the
paper of any bank which doss not discharge its
notes, on demand, in specie; and that prohibition
must, in eveiy case, be rigidly adhered to.'"
Heie, then, was the coastiuction given to the
joint resolution of 1816 by Mr. Crawford himself;
and this very circular was incorporated in the
report of the select committee, and yet there was
no objection made against this construction of Mr.
Crawford by the committee who then had him on
tria1. Such had been the practioe of the Govern-
ment from the adoption of the resolution to the
present period. He differed therefore wholly in
the views which had been expressed by the Sena-
tois from Massachusetts and South Carolina as to
the true import of that resolution. It gave to the
Executive, in plain terms, the control of this whole
matter—a discretion over this whole subject—and
that control an 1 that discretion had been exercissd
by the Executive Department as circumstances
from time to Une demanded. And had any com-
plaint been made by the State banks, or by
individual, thdt this was an assumption of power
on me part cf the Executive, to receive the bilk
of particular banks, and ot the banks ol particular
States, to the exclusion of all others? And
yet the course of the Department has been
perfectly well known, and no pretence what-
ever has been asserted, that the Department,
in so duiny, ha I di=ieg?rded the positive require-
ments of the law As he had oDserved, the reso-
lution was either imperative or permissive • if im-
perative, .ts obligation was universal, general, un-
qualified. There was no authority given to the
Executive to receive the bills of any particular
banks to the exclusion of all others; or the bills of
the banks of any particular States, to the exclu-
sion of the bills of the banks of all the other States.
If the terms are absolute, there is no escape—there
is no exception. The notes of all the banks which are
payable and paid on demand m the legal currency aie
receivable, not the notes of the banks ef Balti-
more and of Boston, but the notes of all banks
within the description , aad if this be the fair con-
struction of the resolution of 1816, there certainly
was no occasion lor the second clause of tne reso-
lution as originally offered by the Senator from
Kentucky
This, m hisjudgmesaent, was not the true con-
struction and the fair import of the resolution of
1816 He believed that by the resolution itself
a de^cretion wasgiven,and most properly given, to
the Executive Department over that matter. And
ne believed that dtscretionary power should re-
main unchanged and undisturbed He was will-
ing to confide to the Executive this control. And
had not the late President of the United States seen
fit to have issued the Specie Circular, as it has been
called, of July 1836, this resolution would not have
been proposed. That order was promulgated by Ex-
ecutive authority, and in his judgment, it should
be controlled, and, when necessary, annulled, by
the same power -which created it The Executive
is ans'i erable and responsible for it.
He could not doubt that the President of the
United States «ould rescind this circular whenever
the inteiests of the country requued it. If the rea-
sons which induced i s promulgation have ceased
to operate, there can be no doubt that the order
will 'be rescinded It was the work of Executive
power, and its causes and its effects mast be well
known to the Executive Depaitment; and when-
ever a proper occasion shall arrive when this order
shall be rescinded, he believed it would be done.
He was disposed, at all events, to leave it to Exe-
cutive discretion It had been said, and undoubt-
edly well «aid, oy the Senator from Alabama, and
by other Senators, that this circular was in its on- .
gin a proper measuie, that it was just and patriotic
in its conception, that it was called for by existing
circumstances, that it had performed its office, and
that its repeal was now demanded. If this be so,
and he could not gainsay it, as the sentiment had been
repeatedly expressed bygentlemenbetteracquainted
with the subject than he was, he could not doubt
that its immediate repeal would take place, but he
was disposed to leave it to Executive discre-
tion. But what is the present resolution'? To do
away with all discrimination as to the kind of mo-
ney in which the revenues shall be receiyed here-
after, limiting the exercise of Executive discretion
under the joint resolution of 1816. He doubted
the policy of the measure. He was disposed to
leave the whole matter, as it had been more than
twenty years, entirely to Executive discretion If
the'e shall be, at any time, danger of loss from the
kind of money m winch the public dues shall be
collected, that danger will proceed from the
paper currency received for the public lands.
There is no danger to be apprehended from the
kmd of money in wmch the customs shall be col-
•ected, for this plain reason, that disbursements on
the Atlantic frontier keep pace with the receipts
There is no danger of there being at a port of entry
any extraordinary accumulation of revenue from
customs. Not so with the receipts arising upon
the sales of the public lands; and it may be wise
and prudent for the Executive, under the joint
resolution ot 1816, to inhibit the receipt of paper
money at the various land offices for a time, until
the accumulation can be transferred or converted
into specie. The self-same cause which rendered
the Specie circular of July, 1836, necessary, may
again occur, and again demand the issuing of a
similar order And he would ass whether there
wou'd be occasion, or even a propriety, to extend
that inhibition to the receipts for customs. No
one would say that in July, 1886, there was
the slightest reason for interdicting the receipt
of paper money for customs, and >et if
this resolution should become the la>v of the
land, no such inhibition can hereafter extend to
the receipts for the public lands, without embrac-
ing also the receipts for customs. He thought
there might be an occasion for the exercise of
such a discrimination Senators had admitted that
such an occasion existed in 1836. It may again
occur, and for one he was not disposed to interfere
wita that Executive discretion over the subject
which has existed since the adoption of the resolu-
tion. For these reasons he should give his vote
against the passage of the resolution,
REMARKS OF MR. CALHOUN.
Mr. CALHOUN said, that he agreed with the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Webster] that
the resolution of 1816 conferred no discretionary
power on the Executive, and that the Specie Cir-
cular was illegal and unconstitutional. Such was
the unanimous opimon of the Opposition at the
last se-sion, and it was accordingly opposed, not
only as having been issued without authority, but
also on the ground that it was an assumption of
power calculated to give vast influence to the Exe-
cutive, and, as such, was sf a most dangerous
character, m which he understood the Senator
concuned Entertaining these views, it was im-
possible for him to vote for this lesolution. It
indeed superseded the portion of the circular that
made a discrimination between the medium in
which the public lands and the customs should be
paid , but in doing that, it abandoned to the Exe-
cutive the right lo designate at its pleasure in what
the public dues should be paid, with the single
exception that he should make no discrimination
between one branch of the revenue and another
He could never agree to confer such power on the
Executive, or any other department of the Govern-
ment. It would give a great and dangerous in-
fluence to that branch of tne Government, and he
must say, that after what he has heard from the
Senator and his political friends m opposi ion to
Executive power and influence for the last few
years, he was at a loss to reconcile their votes on
the present occasion w.th whst they had so often
avowed to be the principle o i w hich they acted
Nor was his surprise diminished by the leason
which he has assigned as a justification of his
course
He [Mr W ] admits that t'us resolution sui renders
the power in question to the Executive, and that
he may, under the authority which it implies, di-
rect the revenue, at his option, to be collected m,
gold and silver or bank notes, but alleges, in justi-
fication, th<tt the power was in reality surrendered
at the last session by the Senate, in voting for the
measure introduced by the Senator from Virgimg,
[Mr. Rives ] He would admit that that measure,
like this, yielded the power, but he could not agree
that those who voted for it believed that the Execu-
tive had the power to issue the circular. On the
contrary, it is w ell known that the great body of
the Opposition who vot d for it regarded the exer-
ercise of the power as a plain and dangerous act of
usurpation, but then, as now, were willing to yield
it to get clear of a present inconvenience. The
measure failed then to become a law, by the Pre-
sident withholding his approval; and now the
Senator, on so trail a foundation, abandons a
power to the Executive which he, and those who
act with him, denounced as illegal, unconstitu-
tional, and dangerous ' He regards a mere vote
of the oody as sufficient to establish a most ob-
noxious principle without further struggle, and, for
the purpose of getting clear of a temporary incon-
venience, is willing to confer discretionary power
too high to be entrusted to a Washington, on that
department of the Government which he has so
often held up to our jealousy and fear.
He admitted that where there was no principia
involved, and where the sabject was one of slight
importance, we might regard a vote of the body as
deciding the question, but, m a case like this,
where the power and principle involved are oí
great impoitance, nothing could be more feeble
and unwise than to surrender our ground on the
first trial of streng h, and that under such doubt-
ful cirei?instances As connec ed with the subject,
he would avail himself of the opportunity tosíate
what was his course in reference to the circular
at the last session A Senator from Orno, now no
longer a member of the bud>, [Mr. Ewinc,] moved
a resolution to repeal it. Though decidedly
opposed to the circulai, he hesitated to vote
for his resolution, on the ground that he doubted
the right ot Congress to repeal an Executive order,
though we might supersede it by passing an act
inconsistent with it, as is now proposed by this re-
solution. He expressed his duubts to the mover,
and the appreheusien that a direct repeal might
bring the Senate into a conflict with the Execu-
tive, m which it would be d.flicult to maintain our
ground. It was, however, soon ascertained that
the supporters oí the Administration, who were op-
posed to the circular, would not vote for the re
peal, on the ground that it denied the authority of
the Executive to issue the circular, which they
mamtamed Thecon-equence was a compromise be-
tween the Opposition and that portion of the friends
of the Administration, and the measuie of the Se-
nator from Virginia was the result. Though
urged te assent to it, he lefused, on
the ground on which he now opposes this
resolution, that it abandoned the right to the
Executive to issu  the circular, to which he could
not bring his mind to assent, either then or now.
He had another reason. He then foresaw what
was coming He clearly perceived that the explo-
sion would take place whether the circulai was
repealed or not and he would not agree to do any
thing by w hich the least share of the responsibility
would attach to him. He was free from all blame,
and \t as determined, as he now is, to avoid any
acts by which the disaster that has befallen, or
may herpatter, might be imputed to him He in-
te i 'ed, v n>_n the measure was on its passage, to
ha\e stated at large his views on the sujject, and
his reasons for young against it, but was acciden-
tally prevented, and as he did not choose to vote
against it without presenting his reasons, he de-
clined answering when his name was called
He not only agreed wi'h the Sena'or that the
resolution of'16 conferred no discietionary power
on the Executive, but that it* object was simply to
pievent the receipt of the notes of banks thaj re-
tused to pay on demand. During the late war,
the Treasury had been compelled to receive such
notes, and the practice, as illegal and pernicious as
¡t was, could Rot be arrested immediately  on th 
