May, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
549
25th Cong""2nd Sess.
Mr. Claims Resolution—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
metals? Merchants will not carry it there. Their
operations are the reverse; they carry it off. Banks
will not take it there; on the contrary, they collect
it, sell it, or ship it. How, then, are the remote
new States and frontier States to be supplied? The
answer is, by emigrants and by Government pay-
ments. This is the answer, and such has been the
effect under the Treasury Order. It has caused
much specie to flow to the interior, but not a tythe
of what our specie policy has caused to be im-
ported from foreign countries; it has restored a
part, but only a small part, of the many times ten
millions of dollars which the Bank of the United
States collected and took from the West; it has
caused a part of that specie to go to the interior
«four own country, which, otherwise, would have
been shipped off last summer. In fine, it is easy
to see that the Treasury Order is beneficial to the
new and interior and frontier States, both in
causing emigrants to carry specie there, and in
enabling the Government to expend specie there;
and it is impossible to discoverer to explain how
it should be injurious to those States. The opinion
is unfounded, and what renders it almost ludicrous
is the complaint on the other side—the complaint
to the contrary—the complaint of the old States,
that it injured them by drawing off their specie.
This complaint has been made with as much
gravity as the other, but without justice or reason;
for surely the new States are entitled to their pro-
portions of the importations of specie and the
coinages of the mint. They are entitled to their
proportions of these supplies, and the Treasury
Order helped them to a little, but by no means to
the full measure of their proportion.
Indignity to the new States is the next opinion
in which I hold these gentlemen to be mistaken.
They assume it to be a great indignity to the new
States to reject paper money at the land offices in
those States, while such money is received at the
custom-houses in the Atlantic States; and they
call upon the new States to resent this imputed in-
dignity. Now, sir, where was all this patriotic
wrath during the whole time that this same exclu-
sion was effected under the by-laws of the United
Stales Bank? and where will it be if another Na-
tional Bank is chartered? The local notes were
excluded during the mam part of the existence of
the National Bank; yet these sensitive gentlemen,
so alive to the honor of the new States, never once
brought forward their patriotic indignation agamst
the act of that Bank. They will assuredly be ex-
cluded again if another National Bank shall be
established; yet the gentlemen most clamorous
now on account of this^indignity, are in favor ol a
National Bank; and consequently in favor of re-
ceiving indignity from that institution. If gentle-
men really want a subject of indignity in point of
discrimination in collection of the revenue, let
them look to the discrimination between credits at
the custom-house, and ready money payments at
the lands. The merchants have long credits on
the duties; the farmers have none on the lands.
The merchant is allowed time to sell his foreign
goods, and to raise the money for the duties out of
the sales before he is required to pay the Govern-
ment ; the farmer is allowed no time to raise the
money out of the land. He pays in advance.
The oíd law which allowed him to pay by instal-
ments, and five years to complete his payment, and
by which he could always raise a part of ths mo-
ney out of the land, has been repealed, and all
credit denied. The cultivator of the soil is denied
credit, although the United States retained a lien
on the land; the merchant has a credit, incurs no
lien, and gives nothing but ordinary bonds and se-
curities. This is a real case of discrimination to
the disparagement of the people of the West, and
worthy to occupy the feelings of Western gentle-
men. It was made in 1820, when the credit sys-
tem for lands was abolished. Tha inequality has
often been complained of on this floor; bills have
been brought in to correct it, and to make the du-
ties payable in ready money as well as the lands.
I have supported such bills always; but have not
been fortunate enough to obtain much aid from
those who are now so indignant at a discrimina-
tion which does not concern men, but corporations;
which, instead of being injurious, ie in the highest
degree beneficial to the West. As a mere Western
man, I would prefer that the revenue should be
paid in paper at the East, and in gold and silver at
the West; it would occasion the precious metals
to flow to us, and the paper to fly to them ; but as
a citizen of the Union, and as a member of the
National Legislature, I would have the hard money
payments established in a reasonable time for every
branch of the revenue. I am for the act of 1789
—that act which required the public dues to be
paid "in gold and silver coin only.'"
In its effects upon the public Treasury, I hold the
recision of the order to be eminently disastrous. It
must lead to another accumulation of unavailable
funds. What has. been experienced heretofore
must be experienced again. The scenes of 1817-
18, and of 1835-36, must be witnessed again. It
is to no purpose that bank notes are received as
cash; they are not cash; and when cash is wanted
for them by the Treasury, that truth is always as-
certained. They were received as cash; they have
to be paid out as cash. It is all a quasi business.
We have now in the Treasury masses of notes re-
ceived for lands in 1817-18-19; we have also in the
late deposite banks some four or five millions of
notes received in 1835-36. They were all received
as cash; yet cash cannot be had for them. After
paying out millions of their depreciated notes at a
former period, and again during the last year, to the
immense loss of credit and popularity in the Go-
vernment, there still remains many millions which
cannot at present be used at all. All this must be
gone over again if the land offices are opened to the
deluge of paper money. Gentlemen say the Trea-
sury Order has done its office; that it has put an
end to speculation in the public lands, and has re-
duced the sales from twenty-five to seven millions
per annum. Granted: The Treasury Order has
done all this; and in doing it, ha« rendered an im-
mense service. But, restore the circumstances of
1835-36; open the land offices again to 'he recep-
tion of paper money; and theTr?£-:i'ry Order will
have to perform all its work over again. It will
have to do its office a second time; and that after
great mischiefs have fir>t been suffered before Con-
gress can be brought to act.
Mistaken in so many points, there is no one in
which gentlemen are more mistaken than in sup-
posing the interests of the Western banks to be in-
juriously affected by this order. And here wé have
a ¡fine contradiction between the opinions of those
who oppose the order. One division of them op-
poses it because it is too favorable to the Western
banks; because it causes them to be filled up with
gold and silver; and because the injury is not to
them, but to the banks of the Atlantic cities. This
is the doctrine of Mr. Biddle's letter to Mr. Adams;
and is, of course, the doctrines held by the Atlantic
division uf the Treasury Order assailants. This
objection is popular in the East; it goes well in the
Atlantic States; but it will not do at all in the West.
It can have no pbice there. Therefore a reversal
of the objection becomes necessary. It must be
opposed in the West upon a contrary reasnn, and
because it is injurious to Western banks, and will
deprive them of their specie, and destroy them if
they attempt to resume specie payments. Such is
ihe contradiction between the two wings of the iine
which assail this order. Sir, the objection is equal-
ly unfounded in both particulars. The Atlantic
banks have their ample supplies of specie in the
vast importations of gold now arriving in New
York; the Western banks will be strengthened fey
tfee continuance of the Treasury Order; for it will
increase, instead of diminishing, their specie basis.
The receivability of their notes for lands, instead
of aiding, will end in crippling and injuring ihe
Western banks. They can force many notes into
circulation by the credit of such receivability; but
what is to become of those notes? They are taken
out of circulation to be put into the land offices.
Every person going to a land oiL-e will hunt for
these notes; he will gather up by exchange, pur-
chase, loan, and in every manner that he can ob-
tain them. He will pay them to the Receiver, and
masses of them will accumulate in the office. They
then belong to the Government, and must be dis-
posed of in some way; either paid out to public
creditors,   or  sent   to   the   bank  and   cashed,
or transferred to some other quarter of the
Union. If paid out to public creditors, to
the military, or to the Indians, they fall
in masses into the hands of guttlers and
Indian traders, who quickly present tnesa to the
bank from which they issued, for specie or its
equivalent; if not paid out by the Government,
the disbursing officer must present them for
redemption; and, if the receipts at the land
offices exceed the disbursements of the Go-
vernment in that quarter, the excess must be
transferred to some other quarter; and in that event,
nothing but specie, or its equivalent, will be trans-
ferable. Thus, act as the Government may, the
notes thus stimulated into circulation eventually
come back upon the bank; and when they come
back, they must be paid in something else besides
land office credit. The theory of banking is, that
for each bank note which goes out, there shall be
something put into the bank to redeem it: the expe-
rience of all banking is, that no forced or stimu-
lated issues can be kept afloat. Excessive issues
will return; and the notes put out on the credit of
the public lands, will return immediately. Often
they go straight to the land offices, and return
straight back. No bank ean rely upon such a cir-
culation; every one will be deceived that attempts
to rely upon it. A general receivability of the
notes of a bank all over the Union will make the
fortune of a bank; but a limited local receivability
is disadvantageous and dangerous. "Sir, this is not
merely theory; it is experience also. All this ex-
periment has been tried. When the Bank ef the
United States fell into a paralysis in 1818-19, and
could do no business, the notes of the Western banks
were made receivable for public lands. This pri-
vilege was sought by the banks with avidity; and,
when obtained, the bank considered itself on the
high road to honor and to fortune. Yet what was
their fate? Disastrous in the exttem-! Every such
bank—I believe every one without excepiion—was
wound up in a few years, some with great loss to
the Government, some without loss to the Govern-
ment, but with death to themselves. The history
of that period should noi be forgmten It should
be well remembered, not only by Congress, but by
the batiks themselves, and by the Secretary of the
Treasury. It contains proof that banks cannot live
upon Government credit, and "that Secretaries of
the Treasury cannot so act in the reception or re-
jection of bank paper as to escape the most
cruel and harassing persecutions. No Secre-
tary ever was, or ever can be, more faithful,
honorable, disinterested, and able than Mr. Craw-
ford; yet the House of Representatives teemed for
years with charges and accusations against him.
AH that he did, and all that he omitted to do, in
the reception or rejection of bank paper at the land
o tices, was equally a matter of attack; and, although
he issued from the contest as pure gold from the
fire, yet it was at the cost of health, and quiet, and
peace. His fate should be a warning to every Se-
cretary that has to tread the same path; and, I now
announce, in my place here, beforehand, that a
succession of attacks, commencing \vith the first
order that he issues, and to be continned until af-
ter the next Presidential election, awaits the pre-
sent Secretary of ihe Treasury! Do what he may,
and omit what he may, his commissions and omis-
sions will all bring the same fruit to him. Attack!
aiuck! attack! will be the portion which he will
have to receive until November, 1840. He will
be pushed at with a long swori—long enough to
go through Ais body, and pierce a gentleman beyond
him.
Another opinion of gentlemen is, that this order
is odious in the new States. This is their asser-
tion; but where is the evidence of it? The order
has been in force nearly two years. It was made
a subject of party attack the moment it issued. It
ha' been a subject of pnrty a-'ack ever since. In
Congress and out of Consress, party spirit has con-
stantly assailed it; but with what effect? I know
of but one legislative memorial against it, and that
one comes from Indiana, where the Opposition is
in the majority. . Except that memorial, I know of
nothing from the people or their local representa-
tives on this subject. No petition has come in-,
and, so far as my knowledge extends, no letter ha*
