May, 1&3&
APPENDIX tÓ f Hfc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
351
25th Cons-"'2nd Sess.
Mr. Clarfs Resolution—Mr. Santón.
Senate.
Let them lie behind their cotton bags until they
force the peopl« to choose a bank attorney for Pre-
sident. Let them he there1 lie till doomsday! I
thank them for their folly in getting there; and with
my good pleasure, they may he there until they get
up of themselves or die. The New York flag, and
those which rally under it, will be enough for the
country, the Philadelphia flag, and its non-resump-
tion crew, may stick it out as long a-? they can, or
as long as they dare, behind the defences, of their
cotton teags, and under the battery of pubhc con-
tempt, popular indignation, and judicial prosecu-
tion.
The first abjection to this proposition is its gross
and utter unconstitutionality. It is a plain, open,
palpable, violent infraction of the Constitution.
That instrument recognises gold and silver com only
as the currency of the Federal Treasury, and al' at-
tempts to trake paper money a legil tender to the
Government is a clear violation of that instrument
It is to no purpose to quote the practice of the Go-
vernment, and to say that pappr money has always
been received m payments to the Federal Treasury
The answer to that reference is, that such receipt
was always voluntary on the part of the Govern-
ment, and never compulsory; that the Government
always had a right to íeject it, and the holders of
the paper never had a right to tender it. But now
this is to be reversed. The receipt of these notes is
to be made compulsory, not voluntary. The right
to tender it to the Government is to be vested in
«very individual, and in every bank, and the right
to reject it is to be denied to the Government. This
■constitutes a difference between the past practice
■of the Government and the present proposed enact-
ment, too obvious to be overlooked, and too essen-
tial to permu one to be justified by the other
The order of General Hamilton, of 1790, per-
miting bank notes to be received in payment of the
revenue, contrary, as I believe, to the act oí 1789,
was wholly intended to be for the convenience oí
the Treasury, and was, besides, declared by him to
fee a temporary measure. He merely directed the
motes to be received as the actual representatives of
the dollars they promised to pay, he merely took
them as so many little wallets, or bags, containing
the number of dollars berne on their face This
was General Hamilton's order. The joint resolu-
tion of 1816 was of the same character—permis-
sive to ihe Government, not obligatory upon it.
Under this order of General Hamilton, and under
this resolution, the practice of the Government has
obtained, and nothing in that praclicecan be pleaded
in justification of this compulsory reception of
paper money at the Federal Treasury, now for the
first time proposed to be made compulsory, since
the foundation of our Government.
Convinced of the liability of the resolution to the
objection of unconstitutionality, the Senator from
Kentucky who has moved it, [Mr. Clay,] has come
forward in advance to remove that obstacle from
the path of his favorite measure. He has given us
an argument on the point, and the substance of it
is, that tne Government has a right to receive its
taxes and dues m any thing that it pleases. Sir,
this argument has neither originality nor force It
was used forty-five years ago by General Hamil-
ton, but has never been used since until on the pre-
test occasion. General Hamilton used it once, and
but once, the enormity of the proposition striking
every mind, and shocking every sense The pro-
position is bottomed upon the idea that we have no
Constitution, that the will of the Legislature is
sovereign, and that it may order taxes to be collect-
ed in what it pleases. This may do in Russia, but
it will not do in the United States, it will not do
where such a Constitution as ours exists. By our
Constitution Congress may lay taxes.; but for what
purposes? to pay the debts^of the Government
Now, can the Government pay its debts with any
thing but money? and is there any money but geld
and silver' Can the Government pay its debts—
pay its army and navy—its civil officers, contrac-
tors and laborers—can it pay them m cotton or to-
bacco, in lead or in furs, or in the notes of nine
hnndred banks, or of any one bank2 Certain!) it
cannot make such payment. I speak of the legal
right to make such payment—the right to tender it,
and to plead tender and refusal m the discharge of
the debt, if not accepted'? It has no right to do these
things, but when the Government has nothmsr else
to tender—when the creditor has no choice—when
it is that or nothing, then the creditor is under a
duress, and must take what he can get He must
take the cotton or tobacco, the lead or the furs, the
bank notes or the shm-plasters, be it what it may,
that >he Government offers He is in no condition
to coerce the Government, and must submit to re-
ceive what it tenders to him. But this is "might,"
not "right," i* is power, not justice Heretofore it
has sometimes been the misfortune and the humi-
liation of the Government to tender depreciated pa-
per, under this resolution, if adopted, such tender
will become the regular and permanent practice of
the Government
From the unconstitutionality of this proposition,
I proceed to ts consequences, than which nothing
could be more disastrous to every interest, to the
public Treasury, to the banks themselves, and to
the country generally
To the public Treasury t wou'd be fatal The
paper oí 900 banks to become a legal tender to the
Government at every land office, post office, and
custom-house in the United States, would sweep
oif the lands, the duties, and the postages in double
quick time. The lands would all be sold, the
duties would all be paid, the pos'ages would all be
met, and what would the Government receive 7
a pyramid of paper, composed of bank issues from
all quarteis ot the Union, subject to eVery degree
of depreciation, and des'med to constitute a fright-
ful mass of that humiliating stuff known m 'he
vooabulaiy of om finances by the name ef " una-
vailable funds " Under this re olut.on, the cus-
toms m New York, and in every sea-port town ,might
be p-ud in the notes of any bank m the remote West,
which could obtain the repmation of a specie paj er,
by paj lng specie tor a w eetf, or a month, the land-,
in like manner, might be paid for m the notes of
similar banks in the extreme east, north, or south.
The postages in New Orleans might be paid m
notes from Vermont All that would be wanting
would be a broker's report, a newspaper para-
graph, a bank note table, or an affidavit, showing
that the bank was paying specie when last heard
from This would be sufficient; it would consti-
tute the bank a sound specie-pa} ing institution,
within the words of the resolution , and the right
of the hoider of her notes would be complete to
tender them to the Government in discharge of
eveiy debt or due, m every quarter of the Union.
The loss oí the whole national domain, the pay-
ment of the revenues in depteciated paper, and the
bankruptcy of the Tre^su^y, would be inevitable
Two j ears might suffice for the accomplishment of
this disastrous result, and certainly the mm er of
the resolution cannot but look to it himself He
says the local binks must fail agam, if there is no
National Bank to keep them in order , he admits
there is no chance for a National Bank—that it is in
vain e\en fer him to introduce a bill for one He
thetefore admits .he rum of the finances as the con-
sequence of the adoption of this second branch of his
resolution. He admits it fully, and this admission is
in full accordance with his ancient and well settled
opinions As far back as the year 1816, that Se-
nator, in a speech to his constituents m Kentucky,
in justification of his lote for the Bank of the
United States, gave as a reason for it that the State
banks "could not be depended u}on"—that the
General Government could not DEPEND UPON
them, and, therefore, a National Bank must be
created to supply a currency and to keep the pub-
lic moneys Experience has confirmed the truth
of this opinion, so far as the State banks
are concerned Since the lime it was uttered, the
State banks have twice proved that they cannot be
depended upon by the General Government They
proved it in 1819, and again m 1837 They had
proved it befoie, in time of war, thev have twice
proved it since, m time of peace The banks are
more numerous now than they were then—more
closely engaged in politics now than then—moie
addicted to hazardous schemes of trading and rail-
road and canal making now than then—as much
addicted to small notes as e\er, and, therefore,
more dangerous now than then Right as the
Senator from Kentucky was, m 1816, in his opi-
n'On that the State banks could not be depended
upon by the General Government, he is still more
so in Ins opinion that these banks must fail again.
Big with inherent dangers, they are beset by ae 
and extraordinary perils. An enemy lies in wait
for them' one that foretells their destruction, lá
able to destroy them, ana which looks for lb own
success m their ruin The report of the committee
of the New York banks expressly refers to "acts of
deléerate hostility" from a neighboring institution
as a danger which the resuming banks might have
to dread The reference was plain to the miscalled
Bank of the United States as the source df this
danger Since that time an insolent and daring
threat has issued from Philadelphia, bearing the-
marks of its Bank paternity, openly threatening the
resuming banks of New York with destruction.
This is the threat "Let the banks of the Empire
State come up from their Elba, and enjoy their hun-
dred days of reswaptw,i a Waterloo awaits them, and
a St Helena is prepar dfor them " Here is a direct
menace, and coming nomasou-ce which is able
to make good what it threatens Without hostile
attacks, the resuming banks have aperilous process
to go through The business of resumption is
always critical. It is a case of impaired cre-
dit, and a slight circumstance may excite a
panic which may be fatal to the whole. The
public having seen them stop payment, can
readily believe m the mortality of their nature, and
tnat another stoppage is as easy as the former.
On the slightest alarm—on the stoppage of a few
inconsiderable bank=, or on the noise of a ground-
less rumor—a general panomaj break out Sautf
qui pent—save himself who can—becomes the cry
with the public, and almost every bank may be
run dou n. So it was m England after the long
suspension there from 1797 to 1823, so it was m
t>>e United States alter the suspension from 1'14
to 1817, m each country a second stoppage ensued
in two jears after resump'ion, and these second
sjoppages are like relapses to an individual after a
spell of sickness, ihe relapse ¡s more easily brought
on than the or gmal di«e?se, and is far mote dan-
gerous The banks in England suspended in 1797
—they broke in 1825, m the United States it was
a suspension during ihe war, and a breaking in
1819-20. So it may be again with ns. There is
imminent danger to the resuming banks, wifhont
the pressure of premeditated hostility, but, With
that hostility, their prostration is almost certain.
The Bank of the United States can crush hun-
dreds on any day that it pleases It can send out
its agents into every State of the Union, with seal-
ed orders to be opened on a given day, like cap-
tains sent into different seas, and can break hun-
dieds of local banks Within the same hour, and
o\ er an extent of thousands of miles. It can do
this with perfect ease—the more easily with resur-
rection notes—and thus excite a universal panic,
crush the resuming banks, and then charge the
whole upon the Government. This is what it can
do, this is what it has threatened, and stupid is the
bank, and doomed to destruction, that does not
look out ior the danger, and fortity against it. In
addition to all these dangers, the Senator from Ken-
luck), the author of the resolution himself, tells
jou that these banks must fail again' he tells you
they will fail1 and in the very same moment he
presses the compulsory reception of all the notes of
all these banks upon the Federal Treasury' What
is this but a proposition to rum the finances—to
bankrupt the Treasury—to disgrace the Adminis-
tration—to demonstrate the incapacity of the State
banks to serve as the fiscal agents ot the Govern-
ment, and to gain a new argument for the creation
of a National Bank, and the elevation of the Bank
party to power1 This is the clear inference from
the proposition, and viewing it m this light, I feel it
to be my duty to expose, and to repel it, as a pro-
position to inflict miscbiei and disgrace upon the
country
Unconstitutional as this proposition is upon its
face—ruinous as it must be m its consequences—it
comes before us without the excuse, apology, or
palliation of a single extenuating circumstance.
Nonecessity tor it can be pleaded, or preUnded So
far as it ts safe, or desirable to receue bank notes,
they can be received, and they  are now  recen ed,
