May, 1838________       APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________     361
25ih Cong-"-2nd Sess.                                         Indian Hostilities—Mr. Towns.                                                              H. of Reps.
dent, and, Joi one, I regret that he should have
selected this late message as deserving of praise
abo /e all others. For myself, I can say that no
recommendation has ever more astonished me, or
excited in my bosom feelings of deeper regret—a
recommendation as unnecessary as it is mis-
chievous in its tendencies, creating hopes on the
part of the Indians that never can be realized, and
holding out encouragement to those who have for
years arrayed themselves against the rights of
Georgia. Sir, had the Chief Magistrate of this
Union desired to conciliate the dissatisfied Che-
rokees, that work should have commenced long
since It is now too late. We have advanced too
far in the execution of the treaty now to look back
and review the ground we have passed. Our
course is onward—we neither can stop nor recede.
If vie pause, the man knows but little of the Indian
character who does not perceive that each moment
of delay adds to the chances of bloodshed and mas-
sacre If you recede, you violate the supreme
law of the land, you do manifest and flagrant injus-
tice to the conceded rights of four States of this
Union, and, with the strong arm of power, wrest
from the citizens of Georgia the possession of their
own lands Sir, is this to be endured? Can any
portion of this House so fai deceive themselves as
to suppose, come what may, that the people of
Georgia will submit to an invasion of their rights
through the legislation of Congress1 No, sir- it
never can be
The President, in his communication of yestei-
day, exhibits an ardent desire that this unhappy
contioversy should be settled I will do the Chief
Magistrate the justice to say that, in my opinion,
he was actuated by the kindest and most humane
motive^, but, for one, v.armly attached as I have
been to tne pmcip'es of his Administration, I will
neither pay homage to his wisdom, nor compli-
ments to his sagacity, for thus thrusting upon the
House and the nation, at this late hour, a commu-
nication that can do no good, and may yet do
much mischief.
The honorable gentleman [Mr. Wise] says "that
he will repeat to day what he said yesterday that,
as a State rights man, he would compel the State
of Georgia to respect the laws and treaties of the
United States " Sir, what is the attitude of Geor-
gia m relation to this treaty' Has Georgia pro-
posed to violate the treaty or any law oí the United
Stales' Docs she now stand in defiance of the
treaty and the lans' No, sir, on the contrary,
she is urging this Government to execute its
own laws Sir, the treaty of New Eehota, of
December, 1835, approved by the President, rati-
fied by the Senate, and now the law of the
land she wishes executed This, the su-
preme h  of the land, vesting rights of the most
s-icred and delicate character to four States of th's
Union, Georgia demands should be faithfully ex-
ecuted, and for this Georgia is to be denounced,
and banded with the doctrine of Nullification
Sir, is it maintaining and enforcing the laws of
the United States that constitute the doctrine
which the honorable gentleman from Virginia so
much dislikes' It this be Nullification, then, sir,
should I expect the honorable member to rank first
among the list of champions of that doctrine But
the honorable gentleman and myself entertain very
different notions of the pnnciples of the political
cieed to which he has alluded, and which he
chaiges the State of Georgia of having repeatedly
practiced, without incurring the displeasure of the
Federal Government, while the same doctrines
met with such pointed rebuke in a sister Stute
Sir, this would be a most unprofitable discussion,
and I will not now be drawn into a review of it,
further man to place my own Sate light before
this House and the nation. Georgia never has
nullified a consulutional law of Congress She
has never jet had occasion to place herself m her
highest soveit ign attitude, but whenever that ne-
cessitj sba'1 anse, which Go! avert' she will not
bebackwaid m choosing between oppression on
the one hand, and resistance on the other. Con-
scious of asking nothing but her just and constitu-
tional rights, she will never be found wanting m as-
serting and maintaining, with all the means at her
command, hci honor and her liberty.   Sir, in the
mixed and perplexing questions that have so long
harrassed her, the policy of Georgia has been to
avoid the issue of Nullification, and the very case
of Tassells, so confidently relied on, went off on
a point not involving the powers of this Govern-
ment. This man met his fate for a violation of
the penal laws of Georgia, making wilful murder
punishable with death. I repeat, m no case has
Georgia stood in bold defiance ef the Con-
stitution of the United States, or of laws passed in
pursuance thereof. But, sir, if it wotdd be any
satisfaction to this committee, I think I can safely
say that not only Georgia, but the whole South,
will be united m asserting their rights, under the
Constitution, whether they be stigmatised by the
name of Nulhfiers or any other. They will not,
they dare not, stop to bandy words and names,
when all they hold sacred and dear is about to be
wrested from them, under false notions of philan-
thropy and religion. No, sir, no matter what the
menace, though it be to "castigate" a State into
submission, we will still be found asserting and
maintaining our rights.
[Mr. Wise was then understood to explain as fol-
lows: That he had made Uje of that remark in reply
to what was regarded as a threat, from more than one
member from Georgia, who declared that unless
this treaty was carried into effect, Georgia would
take her own rights into her own hands; and it was
in reply to that threat he had used the term he
had]
I am aware, Mr. Chairman, continued Mr. T
of the language used by my colleagues, and that
their remarks had elicited a reply from the honora-
ble gentleman. But, sir, I must insist that those
remarks did not authorize the application of a
term so offensive to the State of Georgia, a term
which must excite m the bosom of every true Geor-
gian, feelings of the deepest emotion. When, sn,
was it ever before said of one of the States of this
Union, that she was to be "castigated into sub-
mission'" Never, sir no, never It is a term that
you may apply to the slave or the serf, but when
applied to Georgia it falls harmless and disregard-
ed. Georgia has heard, without quailing, threats
from that Government which the honorable gen-
tleman is so ready to aid. She never halted, and
now the gentleman must excuse her, if she and her
sons are equally mdiffeient whether menaces come
from him or the Government. If the one was im-
potent, why should we feel alarm at the other'
But, Mr. Chairman, if the honorable gentleman
should harbor the thought that there is a want of
moral courage in the citizens of Georgia, or any
portion of them, no one knows bettei than him-
self the mode of satisfying his curiosity Offensive
words are the common weapons of weakness and
rashness, and I should think no one understood
better than the honorable member that their use in
debate would never alarm a truly biave man, nor
infuse spirit in the bosom of a coward
Mr Chairman, the honorable member takes the
broad ground that there is, in point of fact, no
treaty. That the instrument entered into m De-
cembei, 1835, at New Eehota, between certain
Cherokee chiefs and the commissioner on the pan
of the United States, approved by the President,
and rat'fied by the Senate, according to all the
forms of the Constitution, is nevertheless no treaty,
because it was made by persons on the part of the
Cherokees not authorized to treat, and because
undue and improper influences were brought to
bear on the Cherokees, which makes th# whole
negotiation fraudulent and void.
Sir, I have heard the honorable gentleman ¡e-
peatedly discuss this subject, and he has never let
an opportunity pas1*, in which he has failed to de-
nounce Schermeihorn and Curry as faithless pub-
lic agents, as destitute of all the moial and hono-
rable feelings that give dignity to man, and inspire
confidence m human actions How tar the gentle-
man has made good his charges, is a very different
question With the character of either or both ol
these individuals, I have nothing todo, fmther
than relates to their official conduct m the nego-
tiation of the treaty of New Eehota, and I feel the
most pel feet assurance that their conduct through-
out this whole negotiation will not recen e fioni
the public sciutmy that measure of reproach and
censure that honorable gentlemen, under the ex-
citement of debate, are disposed to bestow upon it.
But, Mr Chairman, it is not my purpose to be
drawn off into the investigation of the character of
Schermerhorn and Curry. I have higher objects
to accomplish. It is to vindicate your national
honor, and the supremacy of your laws. And
here, sir, let me ask the honorable member, [Mr.
Wise,] by virtue of what pftwer under the Consti-
tution, does he now propose to go behind the treaty
to exhibit facts, either as relates to the negotiation,
or as to the competence of those that did negotiate,
going to show that this treaty is null and void?
Sir, I undertake to affirm that, under the question
now presented to the committee by the bill on your
table, it never was before gravely insisted that the
House of Representatives was competent to annul
a treaty solemnly made, and having received all
the sanctions prescribed under the Constitution.
[Mr. Wise explained, in substance, as we under-
stood, as folio ws He sa.d he cou Id tell the gentleman
from Georgia, that the doctrine for which he contend-
ed was not new to him, [Mr. W ] if to the gentleman
from Georgia. Upon the celebrated discussion that
arose upon Jay's treaty, the Democratic party of
that day settled the doctrine, which has been acqui-
esced in by all parties from that time to this, that it
was competent for this House, when a treaty was
made requiring appropriations by Congress for its
execution, for the House of Representatives to look
behind the ratifieation of the treaty, and to examine
the facts connected with its formation, m order to
enable the House to determine whether the money
required to execute the treaty should, or should not,
be supplied ]
Mr Tovviss continued. Mr. Chairman, the
honorable gentleman has not relieved himself, for
the very case he has cited is strong authority
against him Sir, let us recur to fact . How
stands the question before usl Not only has a
treaty been made with the Cherokees, approved by
the Piesident, ratified by the Ser ate, but, during
the same session of Congress, the live million six
hundred thousand dollars stipulated therein to be
paid the Indians foi the cession of their temtoiy,
were actually appropi'ated by Congress, after
strong opposition to the bill by the honorable mem-
ber himself. Then, sir, this treaty, m all its forms,
in all its possible bearings, according to the very
doctrine of Jay's treaty, has received its last and
final sanction, and is irrevocably the supreme law
of this land. Now, how is it that the honorable
membei proposes to rip up this treaty, scatter it to
the winds, and thereby to deprive four States and
their citizens of their vested rights' A bill is sent
to us embracing twa obj-c^ foist, an appropriation
of money for the Flor da war, and secondly, to
maintain an armed f *■ n thf Cherokee country,
not for the purpose Oi vvrgng wai on the Chero-
kees, but to prevent war, not to spill blood, but to
prevent the spilling of blood, and the gentleman
seizes this opportunity to discuss the treaty, to open
negotiations for a new one, under (he doctrine
settled m Jay's treaty, that the House of Represen-
tatives had the power of withholding appropria-
tions for money stipulated by treaties, and thereby
assuming tl e responsibility of a'l the conseqaonces
of war diat might ensue. St, it is impossible for
toe honorable gentleman to find one inch of ground
on which to stand, either under the Constitution, or
his oxrn doctrines as insisted upon under Jaj 's
treaty. Suppose you reject this bill, does it touch
the treat)' Is there one dollar proposed to be ap-
propriated by the present bill called for by the pro-
visions of the treaty' No, sir, not one cent Is
there one dollar vet to be appropriated to execute
ine piovisions of the treaty' No, sir, not a far-
th.iig. 411 the treatv itself stipulated for has been
done neirly two yeir  ago, and the appiopnations
now a*ked for are founded upon that elevated prin-
ciple of humanity tint would expend millions to
prevent the shedding of human blood, sooner than
hundieds lo punish the guilty offender Yet sir,
an object which must meet with the approbation of
all sides of this House, and receive the sanction of
every man in whose bosom can be traced one
spark of puie humanity, is likely to be converted
by the course of intemperate debate into endles 
mischief   foi if tbi^ treaty should be disturbed—ii
