362
Af-PEÑDÜC TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe
Bfay; mm
25th Cong""2nd Sess.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Towns.
fit. ofHepjf.
its execution should be unnecessarily postponed
under the sanction of Congress—it will be an as-
sumption oí power no where authorized by the
Constitution, subversive of the vested rights of the
States and the people, and abrogating all ihe pow-
ers of one of the co-ordmate branches of this. Go-
vernment. Yes, sir, this branch of Congress, by
its assumption to set aside this treaty, would not
only nullify, in the most odious and offensive form
of which my imagination can conceive of that doc-
trine, not only the treaty making power, the Judi-
ciary, the private vested rights of individuals and
States, but her own act appropriating money to
execute this treaty We should then stand, not as
one branch ot ,i co-ordmate department" of this
Government, with prescubed powers and duties,
but with powers greater, and far more dangerous,
if danger there be, than in all the departments of
Government combined. I hope, sir, that such is
not the object of any.
Mr. Chairman, having shown that this treaty
cannot be touched, I will not decline an examina-
tion into us history, wuh the full persuasion that
I shall be able to show, at least, that it stands upon
the same footing of all other treaties with Indian
tribes. The only ground upon which a candid dif-
ference of opinion can arise in the mind of any
one as to Ihe validity of the treaty, provided it was
now an open question, which I utterly deny, is the
charge that a treaty «as made by a minority of the
nation There is some conflicting testimony on
the question as lo Ihe exact number in attendance
at the time the treaty was concluded, from three to
five hundred, as shown by some of the witnesses,
and by others a less number, none, however, re-
ducing ihe number below seventy I belie\ e it
will also be conceded that the wealth and intelli-
gence was decidedly in favor of the treaty.
Mr Chairman, it is well known that, for several
years past, a strong and influential party of the
Cherokees have been decidedly m favor of ceding
their lands to the Government, while, on the other
hand, they have been met by a strong parly op-
posed to a cession John Ross headed the latter,
John Ridje may be considered as the leader of the
former Ae far back as 19th June, 18'?4,a treaty
was concluded in this cit) , between John II Ea-
ton, in beh ill of the Cnited Stales, and \ndrew
Rovs, John We t, T J Pack, and James Starr,
on the pm of the Cherokees This tieit), by one
of Us pio\ isions, enabled tue John Ilo s pirty to
defeat it J >hn Rosa next appeals a Washington,
and proposes to treat wi'h the Gove runent, lsk ng
some twenty mill oris n ci n li pi ipo-ilioi
could a be entertained by the Govenmen1 for it
was °vulen \v made in bid faith, with no expecta-
tion that top Government c aid fieat upon such a
bisis Tl  following 'ell i wis thereafter ad-
drt¿ "i to the Secretary of War
Washington City I Ji 2" NT
v  Havi i     ieet informed by Wm   II   I nln v od f <¡
and ot lets til in it Pie l knl einsidf is tin  turns of our pi
portion. tob°   in exu tvd? nt we ! ex lei\e roremind turn Ilia
he lias often remaiki ! thii he wouid es ant us as liberal in mi
as the Senate oi thefnend^ of ihe In hanst would be willm"
tiallow    Wt won d therefne respectlully ask th it om pinna-
anions be aubi  t ad to the Senate by the Presiden!, in older
that the sense of chat horn iat le body be had on them
Wo have the honor to be, s i
Yo ir obedient humble servinta,
tSgneil)          JOHN RO=l^,
R TAILOR,
DVNILL McCOY,
SAMUEL GüívrMi,
WILIIAM RODGERS
Tolhe Hon Lewis í ass, Secretary ot Wir
Well, sir, on the next day the same individuals
addressed the Secretary of War another letter
which is most explicit It is worthy ot remark,
as we pass on, that John Ross at this early day
considered the Sena-te as the friends of the Indians
He uses the term Senate and fnendsassynonymous
But to the next letter of the Ross party.
Washington!, February 23 1835
"Sir Hailm; sub ulted a propositi m for u final adjust
ment of our dltf rence^ with the Govert mentcf the Un ted
State , and und standing that the Pre^l lent deem-s it ex
travagant wemii t beg that the subject be leferred to the se
nate foi us sense on tf> question the Presi <.nt h vingorten
told us thathewas disposed to treat us with lib íaljusne ant
that he would go as far as the Senate would allow him in re
gard to money matters We therefore trusf he will adopt this
course Items;entremety lesirousthatthisunhappycontroversy
may be speedily a Ij usted, and deeply sensible of our depen
oam condition, and confiding m the liberal justice of the United
States Government, we are preptwed, so fai as we aie con
cerned, to abide the awaid of tire sense of the American Senate
upon our piopo^mon, and to recomfnend the same for the
final determination of our nation
We have the honor to be, sit,
Very respectfully
Your ob't humble serv'ts,
(Signed,)              JOHN ROSS,
R  TAYLOR,
DANIEL McCOY,
SAMUEL McCOY,
To the Hon Lewis Cass                  WM ROGERS
Secretin y of War
On the 3d of March, 1835, the following letter
was v. ltten by John Ross
" Bbar Sir The delegation have thought proper that a com
mumcauon should accompany the documents which I have
placed m your hands tht. orher day, containing prop sitions
which they made to the President and thai the same be laid be
fore the Senate, and I take the liberty to inclose the same to
you                 Very respectfully,
Your obedient humble nei vant
JOHN ROSS
To the Hon   Th   rKELINGHUYSEN
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is manifest that every
document, which John Ross believed would ad-
vance his cause, was submitted to the Senate.
The delegation of which he was the head and soul,
addressed a memorial setting forth in the stiongest
terms the claims of the Cherokees upon the liberal
justice of the nation. The Senate was selected by
Ross, because of the known feelings of that body,
and he regarded, and so spoke of it, as the friend of
the Indians Can any man then doubt but that
the utmost liberality and justice were done them in
the award of the Senate? And can or will any gen-
tleman on this floor contend that Ross and his
party, so far as they were concerned, were not
boun 1 by the award of the Senate, and also bound
as men of honor and truth to recommend to the na-
tion the adoption of the Senate's award' Sir, if
it should appear that this man Ross and his party,
after the award of th  Senile was made, wholly
disregarded the solemn obligition they were under
to observe it themselves, and instead of recommi nd
ing it, as they were bound to do to their people—
used their influence to prevent its approval, every
one «ho respects and fair dealing, must hokl in
abhorance the duplicity and perfidy of John
Ross and Ins assocntps, whosoever they may be
Sir, let tis look to tht facts
Mr Secretary Cass in his communication of
6th March, 1835, lo Ross, Taylor, and others,
says
1 In your lotlei 2S h Ttbruary ultimo you stilt I yom teadi
ne°i J ri ptfor ^ ourselves an I lecom «end 11 the Oh i kee
nuns n i c pi such a sum f u iticu i laims i is ofth 'issis
sipi i uver vuht Senate mi 1st de m pist íiil SsenaW hiv^,
by i 1             n,   tiled   is  lb ir opinion   tint a   'sum n t ex
ceelí    uvc millionssho \\\ It  ni i to the Cherokee Indians f r
ill lb'ir 1 mds m i posrsiiiu t.is   of the Missis inri uv i
r e Pri si lent wi lies ii   \   ash   h^   iwa      dm    ier"iofor
lo treat \\i h \on in t1    snitt   i   rand      a   wet aslllt-rilli
He has i l H f ic I          l ni    o c>m nunicitctn \oti at oncethe
K&oution iMhe-> n i!l, a i os ' iswillmsrness toentcr n
to a nr-onati in wuh 5 ou 1 r the 0 ¡>mon of all youi ilaims
east of the Missis? ppi upon condition that the whole amount of
consideration tobe ¿1 en slnilnot exriul the hive mentioned
sum Tins you wei iifiin 1 5 lould be done, and the pledge
w 11 1 f ri leenied wi h fitHltl ;
This is the language on the part of this Govern-
ment to John Ross and his paity The sum of five
millions far exceded any previous offer made by
the Goveiment, and was more than the Cherokee
country was worth at public sale, yet, as Ross and
his parly had pledged themselves to be content
with a price fixed by the Senate, the President con-
sented to the award, though the price was extrava-
gant, and we find that he instantly proposed
to Ross and his party to enter into a nego-
tiation for a treaty on tne basis of that
award. #Iow, sir, was this proposition met by those
men1 By pieviriuitiori,by a call on the Secre-
taiy of War to furm-H him, Ross, with al1 the pa-
pers and communications ubmiited to the Senate,
declaring that it was due to himself and his peo-
ple, that he should know on what precipe ground
the Senate acted He wished to know whether it
was intended to pay for removal and subsistence,
and to enlarge the tract of country for the Chero-
kee',1 they say it is utterly impossible foi them to
proceed further un llthey understand," &e
Now here « as the first mdieition on the part of
Ross and his party that they did not intend to ab de
by the Senate's award It is contained m a leltei
to the Secretary of War, dated 6th March, 1835.
Did not John Ross know the contents of the papers
that had been submitted to the Senate? Had he
not himself, through the Hon. Mr. Frehnghuysen,
communicated all documents and memorials that
he desired1? Was it not notorious that a majority
of the Senate were more inclined to John Ross than
to the President? Did" not Ross know full Well the
motives that influenced the Senate? Yet he seek*
to open a negotiation with the Secretary of War
for explanation, before he could proceed to hear
specific propositions for a treaty. The Secretary
of War, under date of 7(h March, 1835, sends the
following answer to Ross and his party.
"Gsnttlemen I havi just received your letter of this date.
The sum of five millions, which lsttffered for your claims east
of the Mississippi, will, as I have alieady informed yoo, bo
in full of your entire cession The application will be as you
desne, a just regard being had to individual rights Nothing
more will be paid for removal, or for any other purpose or ob*
lect whalever In giving you Ihe full value of yonr property
the United States comply with all the demands of jusuceou
them "
The Secretary of War further mlorms John.
Ross in the same letter, that he would "give him
any information he would desire if he would come
to the office for that purpose," and that he would
enter into "a candid examination of the whole
affair, with a desire to adjust it in a manner satis-
factory to the Indians, and just on the pari of the
united States " But that letter would close the
intercourse in writing between them. Now, sir,
what was the course of John Ross and his friends
upon this occasion? Did they call at the office of
the Secretary of War to obtain any real or pre-
tended information, as preliminary to a settlement
of the question? No. They did call, however,
and from a lettei addressed to the Secretary o¿
War, dated 9th March, 1835, they set forth the
substance of their interview, from which every
one will discover that they had varied the proposi-
tion, and were not disposed to be bound by their
own express agreement.    In that letter they say
"That we, as the duly duthouzel delegation of the Cherokee
i atton ne ptepared m soo 1 faith, to redeem any promises
w'i ich wo h tve made to the Deoai tment, so fat as recommend,
nir t our nation ihe expediency of closing our unhappy
lijji ulties by a treaty with the United States"
Was this the extent of Ross's piomise that in-
duced the President te submit the whole project to
the Senate? Certainly not Ross and his party
said m their letter on that subject, " thai túe are pre-
pared, so far as we are concerned, to abide the
award of the American Senate upon our proposi-
tion, and to recommend the same for the final
determination of our nation." This was the pro-
mise, the engagement, that induced the Executive
to rt r the point in dispute to the Senate h was
referred, ind when the response is had, John Ross
n 1 t s fi ) sso1{ ,,, oui it,by sayug that they
■"V        x    I'           rr   thur promise to th" L\p-rt-
ne-it  'i>\ iff          n  ng to the nation tue expedien-
< oi vlosing n f"icmhes by a treaty with the
Uiuf ' "taies ' H< li re changes iho entne cha 
ía ter i i his obligation He does not fee! himself
boun I by tne Senpfe's award, but will redeem his
promise by recommendirg—what*—that "our diffi-
culties be closed by a treaty" with the United States,
v ithout adhering to the basis as established by the
Senate's recommendation
But this is no* all Ross and his friends, in the
same letter, say "And to enable us to do so more
successfully and s-itisfactonly before the Cherokee
people, v, e proposed that the who'e matter should
be rpferred to our nation and there, in general
council, to deliberate and determine on the sub-
ject " Was there <  i exhibited a more palpable
evasion—a more 'enbera's and settled purpose to
violate any promi-e mi 'p by any man, ¡han tshera
exhibited? He non seeks to refer the whole sub-
ject to h s nation, ir order, doubtless, that himself
and Ins associate delegates might release themselves
from an unconditional obligation on their part to
abide the Senate's decision
But, Mr Chairman, th re are othet portions of
the same letter which unfold the secret that, from
first to last, has operated on John Ross. It is a
desire to get into his own custody and management
the whole sum of money that this Government
may or has paid foi the Cherokee cession. Sir, I
firmly believe, if a treaty had been proposed by
which the consideration for the cession was to have
been paid to Ross and his party, that we never
should have heard one word of complaint from,
htm, or his friends Here lies the great secretjt&et
all, not that John Ross is a patriot, and it waging
t
