464_____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._____________May, 1838.
25th Cong • ~2.*¡d Sess.                                       Indian Hostilities—Mr. Towns.                                                              H. of Reps.
nation, and, if they had been there, the time in which
the protests ■a ere obtained absolutely forbids the
belief that the names were genuine.   Yet, sir, we
see  many  gentlemen are willing to take eighteen
thousand one hundred and sixty as the number
opposed to the treaty, when there can be but little
doubt that the whole populatien at that time east
of the Mississippi did not number as many     But,
Mr. Chairman, all must admit that, if the resolu-
tion of the General Council was eompetetent au-
thority for John Ross and other delegates then
appointed  to   treat with the Government, their
power was unreslrained, and they were at liberty
to make such treaty as was, in their judgment, to
the interest of their people     It will be remembered
that Ross, in his cortespondence, expressed a deli-
berate conviction that the happiness, nay, the very
existence, ot his afflicted nation, depended upon
their protection from State laws.   In this he was
doubtless correct.   But the question is, did he act
in conformity with this opinion by defeating a
treaty?   Certainly not    No sooner had he secured
himself and his friends, m a treaty-making power
in the manner I ha\e already described, than he
became bo'der and more unequivocal m hi1- move-
ments    He announced with much pomp his rea-
diness to  treat,  if Mr  Schermcrhom would pro-
duce his credentials and thev wore satisfactory
At length our commissioner exhibited  his creden-
tials, and  received for answer that, though there
might be well founded objections taken to them,
he, [Ro«s,] hoivever, would waive all exceptions to
form, and hear the proposition of Mr Schermer-
hom    The project oí a treaty was again submitted
and again rejected, and Ross and his party  then
gave notice that they would leave for Washington
and theie receive propositions     Our commissioner,
as he was m duty bound to do,  again gave notice
for tne nation to be convened for the purpose of
makin  a treaty, and that none would be made in
Washington.    In the mean time. Ridge and Bou-
dmot, discovenng the game that Ross was resolved
to play, withdrew from the delegation and declined
to have any thing more to do with Ross    A coun-
cil was assembled at New Echota in December,
after full and fair notice to ajl parties, and there
the treaty,  so  much denounced, was concluded,
and, I am liee to admit, with less than a majority
of the nation     But while I make this admission, it
was the fault of the nation, or rather John Ross's
intriguing   and   selfish    policy,    that    prevented
the   Indians from   meeting   m    larger numbers
Had  Ross been faithful to his nation he never
would have  abandoned  it at this  time, when he
was awaie that a council was again called, when
he had been officially informed that no mediation
could be .«gain opened at Washington, and when
he had himself, about the mi Idle ot the preceding
March,  declined  entenn"  into   a   negotiation  at
Washington, alleging, as a reason, that it «as his
u' ty  to submit  the subject  to  the  sense  of his
nation
Now, Mr Chairman, under all 'hese Ciicum
stances, when U is íemembered thai th & i.
ment exceeded bv six htmdrcd tiojard dollars,
theauan il she S«.n e—«hen everybody must
have perceived that Ross and his pariy were
wielding a despotic influence over their people, in
order to advance his own selfish views—I submit
it to the candor of all if this treatj is not placed
upon as high grounds ot moral justice as any e (r
made between this Goveriment and our Indian
tribes I clum for this treaty no more nor lssa
than tor othei treaties with the Indians It all
others are null and void that fill our statute book
from the origin of this Government to the present
day, then you may consider this m the same
light If those that precede the New Echota tiea-
ty are valid and binding upon the conscience and
honor of the nation, so is this I place them all
upon the same foot n? All—jes, sir, all—if to be
regarded in the light of treaties as made between
civilised nations, between equal power , are null,
and, if you pleise, sir, fraudulent Will any gen-
tleman tell me that the means resorted to to eflWt
this treaty were different or more exceptionable
than base always been practiced? No, sir if you
charge those who made the treaty of New Echota
jw usurpers and dishonest men, I answer you by
saying that I have proven Ross to be both the one I
andlheo'her    So much for the tieaty ífitwers
now an open question, which, as I said before, I
utterly deny.
Mr. Chairman, has it occuned to gentlemen on
this floor that Georgia, in her federal 'relation to
the other States, has rights of the first magnitude
involved in this question? It has long been to me,
sir, a matter of much surprise to see all the sym-
pathies of this House constantly and earnestly en-
gaged on the part of the red man in all oui dis-
turbances with them, but of this I do not complain.
I stand here to ask for the rights of my State,
not the sympathies of the House, if the one can-
not be obtained, the othei is not worth having.
What, then, let me repeat, are the rights of Geor-
gia1 So fai, sn, as regards sovereignty and juris-
diction, and soil, they are eaual to the rights of any
of the original thirteen States None will, none
can, controvert this Has Georgia, whilst a colo-
ny, or since she became a member of this Union,
parted with her right, of jurisdiction and soil over
the lands m the occupancy of the Cherokees? Cer-
tainly not, but, on the contrary, as far back as
April, 1802, the State of Georgia entered into a
compact with this Government, whereby she ceded
that immense tract of country now compusing the
States of Alabama and Mississippi, and the latter
stipulated, among other things, to ' extinguish, foi
the use of Georgia, as soon as the same can be
peaceably obtained on reasonable teims, the In-
dian title to all the lands in said State" And
what is of s me consequence in this discussion, by
the «ame compact, this Government did "cede to
the State of Georgia whatever claim, right, or title
they may have to the jurisdiction or soil of any
lands lying within the United States, and within
the defined jhmits of Georgia," as settled by said
compact, which embraces a portion of the territo-
ry ceded by the New Echota ireaty.
Mr Chairman, this compact does not enlaige
the rights of jurisdiction and soil in the sovereignty
of Georgia, but it is a full recognition of an taite-
cedent right, an unquallifiel surrender of all pre-
tention nhalevei to the soil and jurisdiction within
the limits of Geoigia, and thereby sunendeung up
to Georgia the undisputed control of jurisdiction
and soil which embraces property and population
m its fullest sense Hence, sir, if Georgia thinks
proper to move against any portion of her popula-
tion, unlefs they can claim protection undei the
Federal Constitution, which l admit to be para-
mount to the act of oeision, theie is no power
Known to our form ®f Government that can right-
fully interpose 01 question our course Can the
Cherokees claim the protection of thp Federal Go-
vernment as against Georgia, by virtue of any
power under the Constitution? Certainly not The
only clause of the Constitution that has a bearing
on the qmstion is, that 'Mi1 Congress shall have
power to regulate commerce wiih foreign naiion*,
nnd among the St ites, a id « h • < Ti d ?n tribes "
T|f ^t         inn    (i  mi, more nor less than the
s. uu. Union, and of course embrace the
whole population of the entire State The boun-
dary of the State so far as territory is concerned,
gives us the idea of locality and extent, and to regu-
late commerce with a territory as contradistin-
guished from the population inhabiting the terri-
tory, is an absurdity To íegulale commerce with
the States, means the peoojc of the States It is
not possible you can discriminate between portions,
or colors, but all must he regarded, in a commer-
cial point of view, a¡> a Slate or community. If
this be true, then there is no power In Congress,
either in a commeicial or political point of view,
to draw a discrimination between different p irtions
of the people of the same Stale. Hence, sir, all
your treaties with the Cheiokees withm the limits
of Georgia, are merely permissive, not binding
upon that State a moment kn$>er than she may
choose to submit You hate the same p wer un-
der the Constitution to treat with the citi^pns of any
one county in a Slate, and attempt to enfoice
the provisions of such a treaty against the «ill of
tne State, as to insist upon the right of treating
with the Indian population of the original
States, and enforcing the provisions of the same
against the will of such State    In the one case
as in the other, a State might acquiesce, but
the sovereign right to disregard at pleasure is not
at all impaired, and can be called in requisition
whenever the occasion may require. Georgia has
paid this Government thirty-six years ago to ex-
tinguish the Indian title within her limits, but it
will not be pretended that Georgia is thereby pre-
cluded, by virtue of her sovereignty, to do it her-
self She may, by her own act, forfeit her hen on
the Government to perform the contract, but she
never has, for one moment, divested hetself of com-
plete power over the whole subject.
Now then, Mr  Chairman, how does the ques-
tion stand?   You have made a treaty with the Che-
rokees by which you have extinguished theif title
to the lands in Georgia    In this you have redeem-
ed at last your obligation by the compact of 1802
Here then the. question is settled    If Georgia is
satisfied with the  manner and mode you have
thought proper to discharge your obligation to her,
it does not become thi<; Government to object. We
hold you to the compact with us,  we hold you to
the compact with the Indians, which is the fulfil-
ment of your obligation to Georgia    And never
will that State, nor will I as one of her representa-
tives, consent to any modification or alteration of
its terms.   To the letter I will go, and on that will
I stand or fall    Yes, Mr   Chairman, Georgia re-
mained quiet, confiding in the justice of this Go-
vernment, for more than the fourth of a century.
She looked with regret and mortification  at the
shameful neglect of her right     She saw and felt
that repeated opportunities were offered when this
Government could have extinguished the Indian
title to the lands within her borders.     In 1808, in
1814, and m 1817 and 1819, at which times trea-
ties were made with the Creeks and Cherokees, it
was in the power of this Government to have
quieted the Indian titles to lands m Georgia.     But
sir, the policy oí the Government was to purchase
the Indian title west of our boundary    In Missis-
sippi and Alabama the Indian title was fir0! to be
extinguished     What was the effect of this policy''
To concentrate in Georgia, and on her frontier,
the whole Indian population of the mighty tribes of
Creeks and Cherokees. And, sir, as you narrowed
down her territory, in the same proportion did this
Government increase her difficulty in discharging
her obligations to  Georgia.     This  consequence
should have  been forseen, and strictly guaided
against Yet it was the plea&nre of the Federal rulers,
notwithstanding the repeated memouals and protests
of Georgia, obstinately to persist m this course of po-
licy, the direct tendency of which was to  fasten
upon the territory of Georgia, throughout all time,
an Indian population—a population that this Go-
vernment was under the highest moral obligation,
as well as by express stipulation, ¡o remove with
th   ' «si possible delay, and at her own expense
Well, Mr. Chairman, after waiting from 1802 to
1829, with no earnest effort having been made to
discharge the obligations of this Government to
Georgia, a state of things had actually taken place
in  the Cherokee country which would no longer
admit oí delay on the part of that State     It was
most manifest that Geoigia had to look to herself
for the preservation oí order and good neighbor-
hood, for the mamtainance of her political rights,
and the enforcement of her own laws.   Remon-
strance and petition had failed, argument, íeason,
and justice urged with all the eloquence of candor
; by the constituted authoaties of Georgia, by her
legislative bodits were no longei regarded with fa-
vor by this Government     And the alternative was>
presented to my Slaie either of beholding, foi the
fust time in the history of this Government,  the
right of a sovereign State over the jurisdiction and
soil within her own limits—a right for which she,
in common wnh (he original thirteen States, fought
foi and won in our Revolutionary struggle, and
wh < h she believed and felt was guarantied to her
by the Constitution—prostrated under foot by a code
< Í Indian laws, or, otherwise, to assume the re-
sponsibility that honor and patnotism  demanded,
of vindicating her laws and free institutions from
violence at home, or aggression from  any other
quarter,   Sir, she did take her stand, and I behold
in her attitude that undying and unconquerable
spirit—the ioye of liberty—which is the patriot's
