May, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
$67
25th Cong--"2nj> Sfss.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Haynes.
H. of Reps.
so to torture and misinterpret that clause of the
Constitution, as to authorize the extension of juris-
diction over them by the Federal Government in
all cases whatsoever; bat, sir, it is the idlest and
absurdest of all deductions that could be drawn
irom any one clause in that instrument. Every
one knows that the whole commercial power of the
General Government in relation to foreign nations,
the several States, and the Indian tribes, is em-
braced in one single little clause of the Constitu-
tion. But if the power to regulate commerce wnh
the Indian tribes, confers exclusive jurisdiction
Bj on this Government over them, it confers a like
jurisdiction over the several States, and annihilates
their respective Governments at a single blow. I
repeat, that such an mterpiefa* jn of the Constitu-
tion ii> the idlest and absurrlr inference which
could be drawn from any p"vt of that instrument.
I am very well aware that this may be considered
a stale and unprofitable tram of argument on my
part; but it is impossible to do justice to Georgia,
without adverting to if Sir, in the whole history
of the legislation of that State, she has never, m a
single instance, overstepped the principles set forth
in the extract just read from the Plymouth speech
of the honorable gentleman from Massachusetts,
fMr. Adams,] nor strained her jurisdiction one
inch beyond what all the other ongn.ai Statps have
exercised, except Delaware, with respect to the In-
dians. In exercising this jurisdiction, wh r\> was
alike exercised by the vanou* colonies, or St?*es
it was baspd upon the ' >re pie of pntira sove-
reignty over the whole soi, <iod ver ¡' ■* \ h ie
population within their limits ai ui mies 01 ¡a Ji-
lt is now too lite to inquire into the question oi
abstract right to such jurisdiction; it is enough for
my argument to have shown its universal applica-
tion to all tne European colonies planted on this
continent. If the time shall come when it will be
necessary for me to inquire whether the sum of
human happiness has been increased by the settle-
ment of European colonies m America, giving full
allowance for its effect upon the aboriginal inhabi-
tants, I shall be prepared to sustain the affirmative.
It is well known that the British colonies on this
continent were settled under the authority of char-
ters from Ihe Crown, and thai the hmi's of the ori-
ginal States have been settled by them n'.eie no
conflicting claim has been shown to exist. Geor-
gia, like her sister colonies, was settled under a
charter, by which her original limits were so clear-
ly denned, that no contest is believed ever to have
arisen between her and another colony or State,
except that which involved a small strip of tem-
rory claimed by South Carolina, and which was
amicably adjusted between them at the convention
of Beaufort m 1787.
By the commission to Governor Wright, and
the royal proclamation m 1763 or 4, her limits
were defined to extend from the Savannah to the
St Mary's, and inland from the 31st to the 35th
degree of north latitude, and from the Atlantic
ocean to the Mississippi. Thus stood Ihe extent of
her territory at the treaty of peace with Great Bri-
tain in 1783; and thus it continued to stand until
she ceded a large portion of her territory—about
one hundred thousand square miles—to the United
States, in 1802.
Mr. Chairman, we have heard much about the
common right of the Union to the waste or unap-
propriated lands within the several States. Often
as that question was brought before the Revolutio-
nary Congress, and much as it retarded the ratifica-
tion of the articles of Confederation, some two or
three of the States insisting upon the establishment
of the principle before they would ratify them, the
ratification of all was finally accorded without it.
So far, indeed, from t'ie affirmation of the princi-
ple, it was distinctly disaffirmed as often as it was
brought before the Congress of the Confederation.
The utmost length to which that body ever con-
sented to go was earnestly to recommend liberal
cessions by the States owning large bodies of un-
appropriated lands.
At the close of 1787, or early m the year 1788,
Georgia made a formal proposal to Congress to
cede a large portion of hei western territory to the
United States, which, instead of being rejected be-
cause the lands were already the property of the
Union, was declined on the ground that the Fede-
ral Government was not then in a condition to
meet the payment demanded for it by Georgia, and
for other considerations not necessary to mention
Notwithstanding Georgia was entitled to all the
land embraced within her charter, about forty
years ago, the then President of the United Siates,
and a Congress subservient to his views, established
a Territorial Government within her limits, although
within the preceding four years, in negotiating the
treaty of San Lorenzo El Real touching the south-
em boundary of the United States, Spam had been
vanquished upon the title of Georgia. That cir-
cumstance, together with others of a local nature,
occasioned the assembling ofa convention m 1798,
for the purpose of revising her constataron; which
convention inserted a provision in the revised con-
stitution authorizing the cession of a large portion
of her territory to the United States, defining the
boundary beyond which such cession should be
made.
On the 24th day of April, 1802, twenty-five days
after the passage of the law to regulate trade ana
intercourse with the Indian tribes, and which vir-
tually repealed that law as to Georgia, a compact
was entered into between the United States and
Georgia, for a cession of this territory to the United
States, by which Georgia conveyed to the United
Stpfps about one hundred thousand square miles
of her most valuable lands, upon the condition ef
iceeivng, at a period uncertain and remo'e, the pi-
vitui sum of § 1,250 000, and ih= -emoval of tne In-
\ v  from the limits reserved by her. The lan-
guage of that compact deserves particular conside-
ration. I do not, however, place the right oí Geor-
gia to jurisdiction over the soil and people, and
every wing else upon her territory, upon the com-
pact of 1802 I place it upon the high and original
ground of European culomzation, referred to at ihe
opening of my remarks, as conlirmed and settled
by the Declaration of Independence, the treaty of
peace with Great Britain, and the Federal Consti-
tution which now binds these States together. But
if doutt could exist in any human mind whatever,
as to her rights, that question would be clearly set-
tled by the compact of 1802; for, by it, m express
tc-ms, Georgia ceded to the United States "all
cía m to soil and jurisdiction" beyond a certain li-
mit, and the United States ceded to Georgia "all
claim to soil and jurisdiction" within that limit, as
reserved by Georgia to herself. The United States
entered at once fully into the enjoyment of "soil and
jurisdiction" as ceded to them by Georgia; and who
will dare to say that Georgia had not the same right
to enter upon and enjoy the "soil and jurisdiction"
ceded to her by the United States'
By no known rule of construction can one
branch of these mutual stipulations be enforced,
and the other not. Is it not, then, surprising that,
after the United States should have entered at once
and fully 5mto the possession and enjoyment of
what was ceded to them by Georgia, we should find
at this late day, in defiance of the cession to her of
"soil and jurisdiction" by the United States, the
doctrine set up that an Indian tribe may hold a po-
sition as an independent political community upon
the soil of Georgia' I have said that alt the colo-
nies, and original Stales of this Union, exercised
perfect and entire jurisdiction over the Indians
within their limits, and, I will now add, that the
very last of all the old States, as she was the last
one planted on this continent, to extend her juris-
diction over ihe Indians, was Georgia. Various
acts of legislation, it is true, were adopted by her
some forty oi fifty years ago, in relation to the In-
dians; but she deferred the whole and sntire exer-
cise of her sovereignty over them until withm the
last ten yeais.
The occasion was this- In the summer of 1827
a council of delegates of the Cherokee nation as-
sembled, and adopted, and promulgated, a formal
Constitution, setting up a permanent, independent,
sovereignty, embracing some four or five millions
of acres of territory, withm the limits of Georgia
Notwithstanding the proceedings of this conven-
tion were known to the Governor and Legisla-
ture of Georgia, at its meeting in November, 1827,
even then, Georgia forbore to interfere with this
pretended Cheiokee sovereignty.
In January, 1828, the distinguished individual
who now presides over the Department of State,
[Mr. Forsyth,] being then Governor of Georgia,
communicated a copy of the Cherokee constitution
to the Piesident of the United States. That Presi-
dent, with whom Georgia had just triumphantly
closed the memorable controversy which grew out
of the Creek treaty made at the Indian Spring, m
February, 1825, being willing, so far as might be
practicable, to carry to fulfilment the obligations of
the United States to remove the Indians from within
the limits of Gergia, entered into a treaty with the
Cherokees of the West in May, 1828, looking,
among other things, to the emigration of the Eastern
portion of the tribe to the west of the Mississippi.
Is peak from a knowledge of the fact, that such was
one of the important motives which led to the con-
clusion of that treaty, being, at the time it was
rUdde, a member of the Georgia delegaron, whS
were consulted on the subject, it was understood
that a portion ot the Western Cherokees, who made
that treaty, returned through the Eastern portion of
the inbe, m the summei of 1828, for the purpose of
inducing their friends and Kindred to emigrate to
the West, and that, so far from finding a friendly
reception, were abused and maltreated for it. But
the opposition of the authorities c' the ribe did not
stop there.
At the meeting of the Cherokee council in Octo 
ber, 1828, an act wai passed, disfranchising any
Cherokee who might enrol for emigration to the
West, and authorizing any other Cherokee to enter
into the pos*es-uon of houses and lands then occu*
pied by him. It «a., not until after the passage of that
act that the Legislature of Georgia extended the
jurisdiction of tne State over the Cherokees, at the
annual session in November, 1828. In spite of
the attempt to enforce the Cherokee law of 1828
aga'nst emigration, the spirit was Hot checked
sufficiently for the authorities of the tribe; and in
November, 1829, another act was passed by the
council, or, as would appear from a printed copy
of the Cherokee laws, solely by John Ro s, as
principal chief, inflicting a fine of one thousand
dollars, and the punishment of one hundred lashes,
upon aay and every Cherokee Indian who should
dare to enrol for emigration to the West. As the
law of Georgia, of November, 1S28, was m^de to
meet the Cherokee law against emigration which
preceded it, so in November, 1829, the Legislature
of Georgia passed another act to countervail the
Cherokee law which preceded it. In both in-
stances, it will be perceived that Georgia legisla-
tion followed that of ihe Cherokees, and was occa-
sioned by it. It would not be difficult to show that
Georgia has proceeded progressively in the same
course, basing her legislation upon the previous
action of ihe Cherokees It is worthy of remem-
brance that the Creeks, Chickasaws and Choctaws
have been removed from the lands ceded to the
United States by the compact of 1803; white the
Cherekees, after the lapse of thirty-five years, and
the establishment of two flourishing States upon
the cfded territory, are still permitted to encumber
the soil of Georgia.
If the expense of removing the Indians from
Georgia is alleged to her prejudice, my answer is,
that the United States have received not less than
sixty millions of acres of land as an equivalent for
domgit Surely, upon an examination of the ac-
count current, no one can complain that the United
States have made a hard bargain. Would the
people of this country be willing to cancel it, and
restore the ceded territory to Georgia upon being
reimbursed what has been expended in removing
the Indians' I think not The difficulties growing
out of the conflicting legislation of Georgia and
the Cherokees were heightened by the depredaUons
mutually committed by bad men of either race
npon the peopls of the other, or both During the
period under review, and that which followed it,
the question was not as to the mode in which Geor-
gia should exercise, or had exercised, jurisdiction
over tne Cherokees, but involved the naked, vital
principle ot her right of jurisdiction. By what
right could any community, either before or
since the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
establish an independent Government withm the
limits oi any one of the States of this Union, I
