June, 1838
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
25th Cong-"'2nd SEb9.
New Treasury Building—Mr. Yell.
H. of Reps.
with Indian character, and competent to settle
the details of the proposed arrangement But is
their work a treaty? No, sir; far from it. The
only power known to our laws competent to make
a treaty, is the President oí the United States, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
When we remember that there is not another body
in the world possessing a higher character for intel-
ligence and integrity than the Senate of the United
States, it would seem sufficient to stamp the seal of
validity upon any transaction, treaty or otherwise,
which had passed the ordeal of its scrutiny. If ob-
jections are made to this transaction, it is sufficient
answer to say, that it was not the work of an hour,
or a day. It was under advisement, from the first
to the last, from February, 1835, tothe23d of May,
1836. All the evidence, all the documents refer-
red to la the course oí this discussion, all that had
been «aid or written on the ene side, all that had
been said and written on the other, was under the
calm and deliberate consideration of the Senate,
previous to the ratification of the treaty. And
upon solemnly viewing and reviewing the whole
ground, with an eye single tojustice to all parties,
t received the assent of the Senate. Whatever
opmions others have entertained on the subject, it
is my solemn conviction that there never has been
a treaty entered into by the United States with an
Indian tribe, ay, or with any other nation in the
world, more fair, just, and honorable to our Go-
vernment than this Under what circumstances
was this treaty negotiated'! It was essentially a
transaction dirpetly between the United States and
the Government of the Cherokee nation, as much
so as a similar transaction could be between rs
and any one of the Governments of Europe.
Mr Chairman, who is John Ross1* He is the
principal chief of the Cherokee nation, so far as
the two a-e concerned, and his friends here who
have extelled him—especially hi' peculiar friend,
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] who
has ranked him above every citizen of Georgia—
have said enough to convince this committee, and
every intelligent man in this country, that he is
the impersonation, the embodiment, of the political
power and will of the Cherokee nation. In his
proposition to refer, and, so far as he was con-
cerned, to abide by the umpirage of the Senate, he
placed himself and the Cherokee people under as
strong an obligation to this Government as any
civilized Government in the world could place
itself. Yes, sir, if Great Britain, or Prance, or
Russia, or any other power m the world, had con-
tracted such obligations to the American Govern-
ment as John Ross contracted, and failed or refused
to redeem Us pledge, it would furnish just cause of
war.
It is said that fraud has been done to the Chero-
kee Indians. What is fraud? It is wrong, injus-
tice, injury. Let me ask what wrong, what injus-
tice, what injury, has been done to the Cheiokee
Indians?
Sir, the head of that nation, the Cherokee go-
vernment, politically the Cherokee nation, bound
himself to the Government of the United States to
accept five millions of dollars as an equivalent for
the abandonment of the territory occupied by them
east of the Mississippi, and how has wrong been
inflicted by the treaty we are considering'' That
treaty not only secures the full amount of five mil-
lions of dollars, as stipulated by ihe award of the
Senate, but it gives the additional sum of six hun-
dred thousand dollars for the expenses of removal,
and certain spoliations prev onsly committed upon
them.
Not only this, but it also stipulates to extinguish,
for the use of the Cherokees, certain reservations
within the country to which they are to emigrate,
which wilt cost some twenty or thirty thousand
dollars more. Nor is this all • for it further pro-
vides that they shall be authorized to send a dele-
gate to this House, whenever Congress shall make
provision for it. Further still, it takes particular
care of individual rights, in the mode oí applying
the funds to be received under it, and I am not
quite sure that this does not constitute one of the
greatest objections in a certain quarter aga.nsttt.
Where, then, is the wrong, the injustice, the in-
jury, of which we have heard so much1 John
Boss, the Cherokee Government, politically the
Cherokee nation, not only placed himself under a
pledge to the United States to accept the award of
the Senate, when the question of the value of the
Cherokee country was submitted to that body, but
in October, 1835, as I showed to the committee
yestprday, addressed an official communication to
the Governor of Georgia, des'ring him O lay it
before the Legislature, and asking forbearance, as
all difficulty would be adjusted at the approaching
session of Congress, unless he misunderstood the
sentiments of the Executive oí the United Stales,
about which he could not be mistaken. Georgia
did not only forbear to authorize her citizens to
enter upon lands m the occupancy of the Chero-
kees, but passed an act especially to protect them
in such occupancy until November, 183G, a period
beyond the close of the session within which Rois
expected a final adjustment—reserving the power
still longer to extend such protection.
In the course of the session referred to by Ross,
a treaty was made and promulgated, allowing two
years from the 23d of May, 1836, for the final emi-
gration of the Cherokees Georgia hears nothing
more from Ross, but when her Legislature con-
vened in November, 1836, an act was passed still
further extending protection to the Cherokee occu-
pants until the 25th of May, 1838. Sir, upon a
review of the whole subject, I do not think I go too
far when I say that John Ross has been faithless to
the United States, faithless to Georgia, and faithless
to his own people
I have already spoken, in the course of these re-
marks, of the various causes which were brought
to operate upon Ihe relations of Georgia and the
Chtrokee Indian';—of the attempted usurpation of
the Supreme Court—of the letter ot the distin-
guished Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay] all
brought to bear upon us before the formation of
the treaty which it has just been my duty to dis-
cuss. But, from the showing of Ross himself, in a
letter addressed to George Lowry, and published
at pages 679 and 680, of Senate document, No
120, of the present session of Congress, powerful
and active influences have been at work, since the
ratification of the treaty, to prevent the emigration
of the Cherokees, m compliance with their obliga-
tions Ros5 says, in that letter' "Some of the
members say that ihe President is displeased with
the Senate's amendment, and otheis say, what has
been done cannot be viewed as final, until a ma-
jority of the whole Cherokee people shall approve
it, but all that has been done would be nothing, if the
Cherokees would be fiim in their minds, and consider
it the same as if there was no treaty made and ratified,
and be strong in this resolution, and not accept of the
provisions of the fraudulent treaty, made by unautho-
rized individuals " Who were the membeis tint
advised this course, I cannot pretsnd to know, but
this I will say, that if the Mood of the white man
or the Indian shall flow from the unhappy contro-
versy they have so largely contribute to create,
theirs will be the responsibility
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Wise,] has
given to John Ross great credit for his forbearance
in restraining his people from acfe of violence to-
wards the citizens ot Georgia Does not that gen-
tleman know that the plainest dictate ot self-pre-
servation of himself and his tribe impenously de-
manded it? Is there any thing magnanimous in the
lorbearame oí the weaker party, when his own ex-
istence depends upon it? I think not I have al-
ready expressed my regret at the latitude of discus-
sion indulged on the present occasion, and couM
verv much have desired that it had been confinec'
to the bill immediately before the committee. Up-
on that bill, a brief discussion upon the contingency
of Cherokee hostility, and the necessity cf piecau-
tionary measures fonts prevention would have
been sufficient. I shall not now enter into it, but
refer to the warning given us by our In-
dian relations in Alabama and Florida, that
it is our imperative duty to be piepared lor
the woist. If war with the Cherokees shouid
come, we shall be free irom the vain regret
of not having foreseen or provided agamst it, and
if it should not come, the appropriation now asked,
I so far as it relates to the future contingency of war,
j will not be needed, and in due time will fall back
I into the Treasury.   I tiust, therefore, for that rea-
son, and further for the reason that, as a representa*
j tive of Georgia, I insist upon the full and complete
1 fulfilment of the Cherokee treaty, that I am most
1 decidedly opposed to diverting from its original ob-
ject any portion of the proposed appropriation.   I
I cannot vote either for the amendment offered by
! the honorable gentleman from Tennessee, nor that
offered by order of the Committee on Indian Affairs.
I will not, I cannot, consent to recognise any altera-
tion of the treaty in the smallest tittle whatsoever.
Sir, I can but express my astonishment and regret
at the proposition of the Secretary of War to the
Cheiokee delegation, essentially to change, as I un-
derstand him, the terms of the treaty.   That pro-
position meets my most decided and unqualified
disapprobation.
1 regret that proposition more on account of the
correspondence that preceded it than any thing
else The bare opening a correspondence with
John Ross, to a certain extent, placed the Execu-
tive in his power, and justified, on his part, the
expectation of essential modifications of the treaty,
at least m the particulars of time and money. I
do not question the benevolence of the motive by
which tne Secretary was actuated; but cannot
doubt that the tendency of this measuie has been
materially to retard the execution of the treaty.
I know not who may have been his advisers,
but, for myseli, I would never have consented to
any alteration of the treaty whatsoever. Its prompt
execution, I have no doubt, was equally demanded
by the best interests of the Cherokees, as wtjl as
that of the citizens of the States concerned in its
immediate execution.
A word or two m reply to th  gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Wisb,] and I have done. I will
not d scuss the question mooted by that gentleman
about the casugation of a State by this Government.
I need only say to him that "sufficient for the day
is the evil theieof," and that when such a contin-
gency shad arise, Georgia vv ill be prepared to meet
it as becomes her. Sir, Georgia threatens no one.
Her Representatives threaten no one. But when-
ever the gentleman from Virginia shall set on foot
his expedition for the casugation of Georgia, we
shall be glad to see the projector the leader also
Georgia has not been unnsed to the threat of casu-
gation. And whatever the gentleman from Virgi-
n,a may think of her spirit, she stops only to con-
sider the power of her enemy that she may return
him a fitting answer To the powerful she gives
denance, to the powerless contempt Georgia has
heard the war clang rung out by a President of the
United States, without blenching, and is little
likeiy to quail at the report of a pop-gun.
My task is do'ie Would that it had been done
moie worthily. But if I have succeeded in wiping
out from the fnr name of Georgia the blot which
ignorance or malevolence has cast upon it, in re-
gard to fcer Indian relations, I shall have cancelled
some smail portion of the debt of duty and of gra-
titude to her, which has been accumulating upon
me fi r more than half a century.
NEW TREASURY BUILDING
REMARKb OF MR. \ ELL,
Of Arkansas,
In the House of Representatives, June  11, 1838.—
On a motion of Ml. Harrison ot Missouri, to
lay a motion to reconsider a motion to lay a bill
toi taking down the wrus ot the new Treasury
building on the table on the 9ih instant.
Mr. \ ELL, on taking the floor, moved a call of
the House    fie saw it was the determination  of
many gentlemen to pull down the w ads of the
Treasury building   at  all  hazards, and he was
anxious to know who was disposed to v ote for such
a proposition.
Mr.   S   William* of Kentucky   and   Mr
Yell  simultaneously   desaandsd  th«   ay*«  and
