m                              APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________June, 1838.
23th Cong—2nd~Sess._____________flew Treasury Building—Mr. Yell..__________________            ________H. of Reps.
noes on the motion for a call of the House,
but subseqaently withdiew it The debate was
bow opened, and Mr Yell had possession of the
floor when Mr Mercer of Virginia asked him to
give'way for a moment till he [Mr. Mercer]
could submit an amendment. Mr. Yell nodded
assent, and Mr. Mercer submitted his amend-
ment, which was, in substance, that the cost of
completmg a new Treasury building should not
exceed one hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
Then Mr. YELL offered the following as an
amendment to the amendment • That no farther
appropriation should be made m the erecting of a
new Treasury building, until the Treasury was
relieved from the debt ot ten millions of Treasury
notes issued during this session ot Congress, &c.
Mr. Wise rose and said that it was a matter of
perfect indifference to him what became of the
bill, the consideration of the value of a bawbee
would not sway him one way or the other in rela-
tion to it. For hi  own part, however, if he had
his own way, the new Treasury Duildmg should
stand as it now stands, till the brief period of time
which this Administration had left to it had ex-
pired. Sir, (said Mr. Wise,) this Treasury build-
ing is the House that Jack bailt, it is a monument
of the inability and stupidity of the Administra-
tion , and I am remindad to inquire, where is the
malt that once lay in this House ¡hat Jack built
It is all gone , the rats have eaten it, and yet we
are called upon to vote more malt to be placed in
this House that Jack built, to be devoured by the
íats and cats of the Administration Mr Wise
proceeded at some length to play on the nursery
tale of the House that Jack built, and closed by
expressing and leiteratmg a perfect indifference as
to the fate of the new Treasury building.
Mr. Mercer followed Mr Wise briefly, and
seemed to deprecate the position which his col-
league [Mr. Wisf] had assumed He proceeded
to descant on the importance of the subject before
the House, and was understood to deprecate all
attempts to connect the subject with the political
topics of the day.
Mr YELL, from the beginning to the present
moment, had been opposed to the project of pulling
down the Treasury building, and hoped most sin-
ceiely that it would be defeated As for the amend-
ment that had been offered by the honorable gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Mercer.] to limit the
expenditure in pulling down and building up, it
was not acceptable, and if adopted, and the bid
should be passed, what would be the end of it 1 If
the building w ere commenced, and were half erect-
ed, and it were ascertained that it would co,t a
little more than had been appropriated, would it
stop there1 Not it all Every day's experience
an t practice were sufficient to piove to the con-
trary.
I, Mr. Speaker, continued Mi. Yell, have had i
some small experience m these matters, and I know
what they lead to, I know somewhat oí the extra-
vagance that these limited appropriation bills en-
gender, and every gentleman may know as well as
I do, if he will but watch closely the hiblory ot the
country. Sir, I never knew a limited appropriation
to be made that did not, in the end, before its ob-
jects were half executed, lead to a quadruple ex-
penditure of money beyond that which was origi-
nally called for. Some years ago, when the State
which I have the honor to represent, stood in the
humble relation of a mere Territory to this Govern-
ment, she appealed to Congress—the common
nursing mother of all the original offspring—and
as! ed tor an appropriation of money 01 lands to
enable her to erect a Territorial Government house
It she was then young, she was also modest, and
having resolved that, as she could not deem it ex-
pedient or sound in policy to ask her nursing
mother for too much money at once, she said that
u the sum of ten sections of land wsre awarded,
she would be enabled to erect a Government house
for the Territory, which would be every way calcu-
lated to meet her wants, and establish among her
fertile plains and towering hills an edifice that
would do honor to her ancient Grecian and Corin-
thian models. Well, sir, the good natured nursing
mother of Arkansas, like a kind and an indulgent
parent, or like Cornelia oí old, pointed to her off-
spring m Arkansas, and exclaiming, " These are
my jewels'" opened her coffers, and with a liberal
hand, and without a moment's hesitation, paid over
the money; or, which was the same thing, or better,
gave to Arkansas the amount desired in the public
domain.
The building wa3 commenced, and Arkansas
rejoiced in beholding, in anticipation, a noble struc-
ture, from which she was destined to dispense
justice and mercy, and enact those laws which wis-
dom should engender, to promote the happiness
and glory of a free people Tne edifice had scarcely
been commenced, before it was discovered that a
little more money would be wanted to complete it.
Like good and confident children, relying on the
justice and liberality ot our nursing mother, they
again asked, and the donation was liberally allowed.
Well, sir, the artisans continued their labors,
the edifice advanced in size and beauty, when it
was accidentally discovered that other "five thousand
marks banco" would be needed to carry out ihe
execution of the original plan. Again and again
was the nursing mother called on "for other mo-
neys," and the end of all was, that the Government
edifice tor the Ten ltorial Govermrf«t of Arkansas,
which originally, according to figu.es, was to cost
o "'} five thousand dollar , (and let me tell you,
sir, figures will sometimes he, and types, too, sir,
that print Federal newspapers will now and then
utter gross falsehoods,) cost the round sum of sixty
tkausand dollars'
Mr. Lincoln rose, and asked if Mr Y. would
suffer him to propound a single interrogatory?
Mr Yell. Certainly, sir
Mr. Lincoln. I would then ask the gentleman
from Arkansas upen what authority he avows that
the bill to which he refers is a "grand scheme" of
profligate expenditure?
Mr Y. said that he would answer the gentle-
man as well as he could, and then went into a re-
capitulation of sundry facts in connection with the
public buildings in Washington, but as this portion of
the conversation was held in an under tone, it was
not distinctly heard by the reporter
Having replied, continued Mr V to the satis-
faction of the gentleman from Massachusetts, I
hope I shall again and again protest against a bill
which pioposes the waste of foul or five hundred
thousand dollars, for the purpose of gratifying a
mere matter of taste and fancy, and I shall pro-
pose that no further appropriation be made to tear
down or upbuild the Treasury building, till the
Treasury is filled, and the country is disembarrassed
of the debt of ten millions of dollar^, which now
hangs over it As for the building itself, I believe
it to be capable of sustaining all the purposes for
which it was originated Its fitness is a question
about which architects may quarrel and differ,
but, be that as it may, I am not disposed to tax the
peop'e three or four hundied thousand dolíais, to
enable scientific aichitects to settle their private
quairels
Is this the time, sir, for us to think of useless
taxation, and useless expenditure'' What is our
condition? An empty Treasury, a national debt, a
vilified credit, a factious parly around us, seeking
to break down the fortunes of the nation to enable
them to creep into power. With nil these evils
aiound u , shall it be said that this Administration
is found voting away the money ot th  people to
enable a faction to blaspheme its good name, libel
its doings, and render it odious? I cannot for a
single moment harbor any such supposition
At a time like this, strict and rigid economy
should be the order of the day Your western
and southwestern border is now threatened with
the horrors of an Indian war. Already have the
war songs of the savage foe broken tne silence of
he wilds of the West, and, wafted on the gale,
have carried alarm a'ld consternation from the
sources of the St. Lawrence to the passes of the
Sabine. Your defenceless borderers, Ijred by your
promises, and cheated by ) our visions of ultimate
greatness, were induced to emigrate to the wilds of
the West, and what do you say to them, when
they ask you to interfere in their behalf, and,stay
the uplifted tomahawk, and scalping knifti You
reply, the Treasury is embairassed, we want the
means to assist you, be of good cheer, confide m
your own good arms, and rely on the justice of
our common God, and we will protect jou m all
good time, provided we can but obtain the means
essential to your wordly salvation1 Sir, when the
hardy and brave hearts of 5 our western settlers
shall realise any of the promises you thus hold
foith, the baseness of your ingratitude may be re-
corded in wrecks of desolated hamlets, in the head-
less trunks of violated matrons, in the expiring
groans and cries of murdered infants, and m the
just imprecations of those who have been betrayed
and desolated in heart by your ruthless inhumanity
and cold blooded mendacity
And, sir, while these scenes are enacting, j ou
are to be found wasting, with a criminal prodigali-
ty, the public money, m erecting stately edifices,
and splendid palaces, to entertain the lazzarom
that j ou would feed and fatten on the pap of the
Treasury
On the North, you are threatened not only with
a war with one of tv.e most powerful and civilized
nations of the earth, but with domestic rebellion.
You have not maie any preparation for the de-
fence of the northen border, the West is exposed
to savage violence, and until the country is put in
an ample state of defence, I, for one, cannot be so
reckless to all duties of honor and patriotism, as to
be found voting for the erection 01 destruction of
any of your princely palaces.
Mr Speaker, I do not intend to cast any, nay,
not the remotest, censure on the people of the Ter-
ritory of Arkansas I am glad that they got the
money, for they were entitled to it and as much
more as they can gel; and my only object has been
to show that the moment you make an entering
wedge lo the public chest, by making limited and
specific appropriations, you open a door for almost
interminable prodigal appropriations. So much
sir, for the amendment of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Mercfr,] who is now so ready to limit
the cost of the new Treasury building to one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars
Another gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,]
who has addressed the House on this subject, has
been p'eased to manifest a total indifference to the
fate of the bill He, sir, says it is "the House that
Jack buili," and, for one, he had rather it would
stand as a monument of the folly and weakness of
this Administration. Mr. Speaker, the candor of
that gentleman, in thus openly avowing that be is
1 disposed to convert it into a political hobby, where-
I with he can succeed in charging the Administration
with profligacy and extravagance, is entitled to all
commendation. Sir, the gentleman is right For
some years past that honorable gentleman, and the
party with which he associates, has looked anx-
iously at this "House that Jack built," and of late,
within the last three months, the aspect of the
political atmosphere has been such as to lead him
to hope and believo that the lapse of a little period
would enah'e him an 1 his friends to take possession
of this "House that Tack built," together with all
the malt tfiit may be deposited within its bins
He may be mistaken, and it may be well enough
to suggest to him the expediency of not over-
calculating his prospect of triumph                           1
Mr Speaker, it is not to he denied that there are
in this House cats and rats—I certainly do not m-  I
tend to offer any term of reproach or of discourtesy  .
to any gentleman, v h°n I make use of such epithets—
who have for years been struggling, and often with
too much success, to clutch the malt, and carry it
away from this House that Jack built    The fact I
has been known  to ah—the late and the present |
Executive have buth been aware of the fact, and if
I have any language of censure or of reproach to
add, it must be lound m a well-grounded com-
plaint that they have not drawn the offending rats
from their hiding places, dismissed them irom 'heir
confidence, and held them up to public reprobation
Sir, I am opposed to this bill in all its varied
phases and ramifications    I protest against its pas-
sage, and I will exert myself to defeat it     What,
sir, does it contamplate?   A grand sCh me of profli-
gate expenditure.                                                      ■
