3IX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,                                    375
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Webster, Preston, Clay.                                            Senate.
June, 1838.
£5th Cong----2nd Sess.
SUPPRESSION OF INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Thursday, June 7, 1838.
On motion oí Mr. WRIGHT, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the House bill making appro-
priations for the pievention and suppression of In-
dian hostilities for 1838, and for the payment of
arrearages m 1837.
On ordering this bill to Us third reading,
Mr. WEBSTER said he did not know that any
amendment would be necessary to the bill, nor did
he mean to propose any, neither did he linow that
he would offer any opposition to the measure. It
struck him, however, that public attention should
be awakened on the subject We were now mak-
ing provision foi an army of eight thousand men ;
what necessity there might be for it, he was not
prepared to say. From the latest accounts we had
received from that quarter, and he was sensibly
rejoiced at such an event, there would be no trouble
in relation to a certain matter, for the result of
■which so many fears were entertained. The trans-
portation chaiged showed an enormity of expense
hitherto unknown in former wars, he was not
prepared to say that it was an unnecessary charge ,
but the enormous expense incident upon it must
strike every body. This Florida war, (said Mr. W.)
has already cost us ovei twenty millions of dollars.
After all we had heard oí the difficulties of the
army, the small number of fighting men that ever
were together in that cowitry, it did really appear
to him that the cost was far greater than need have
been He had no deposition to obstruct this
measuie, but he should like to know what assur-
ance ve had ¡.hat we should not want some five or
six millions more before the affair was ended. The
whole r.iattei v. is such in his opinion, that it ought
to receive ¿ Morough investigation from the hands
of Congress.
Mr. PRESTON said so large an amount of mo-
ney had airea I' been ex pended, that he felt but little
disposed to give more without a thorough investi-
gation of the w nole subject. An appropriation of
million aft°t mi lion had been suffered to go on
without any de'.betate examination into the mat-
ter, until it h¿ I cost the country twenty millions
of dol ats, a sum larger than all our Indian wars
put togethei "When we first entered into it, no
human being could have supposed it to cost five
millions The la1' Pre ident never permitted him-
self to believe that theie were ever at any time m
the province more than a thousand fighting men;
and when the fir ' million was asked for we were
astounded, and jet appropriation after appropria-
tion had gote on, until it had reached the enormous
sun oí t\ve.,,j ii ¡lions oí dollars, four times the
price nepaii to Spim lor the acquisition of the
whole countty The whole subject required a
thorough and deliberate examination, which Con-
gress could not do. It should be the action of the
Executive, and die inquiry made by competent
military men, '\hose knowledge of such matters
rendered them fitter agents for such purposes than
any committee of Congress could be.
Mr. P then adverted to the recall of Gen. Scott,
and the court oi jnqu'ry instituted into his conduct,
when a million only had been expended. That
gallant officer, said Mr P. was censured, and su-
perseded, bee tase he had not brought the war to a
close At thit ti ne, the Executive would not hear
of the s'igh en pause in the movement against
these Indians, and now millions are lavished with-
out any inquiry into the matter' nobody ever asked
"Why th's dela}1" All went on quietly, the
enormous sums expended year after year to sub-
due a hand.ul of poor, naked savages, without any
knowledge of the i ules of practised warfare, and
nothing, m short, but their own unbroken, unsub-
dued spirit. Tne great master chief, Oieola, had
been captured, it was true, but how captured, let
the histoiy of the times speak. That great and
dar.ng man had ended his days on a deserted island,
in a state of utter destitution and misery, without
any of those sj mpathies which the high conduct
and noble daring of so great an aboriginal chief
should have < hallenged irom his captors.
Mr. P. went on to maintain that this great war-
rior deserved a batter fate, and animadverted on
the manner of his capture (which was said to have
besn under a flag of truce,) with some severity.
Mr. P. asked, too, why it was that the successor
of Gen. Scott had not been called to account for
the delay of the war, and for the money so wan-
tonly lavished in the transportation and other mat-
ters connected with it.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama rose, and said he had
heard the remarks just made by the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Prestom] with the most pro-
found astonishment. That Senator had not only
most extravagantly eulog zed the savage chief
Oseóla, but had, at least by insinuation, cast most
injurious reflections upon the gallant officer who
lately commanded the army in Florida, whilst, at
the same time, he had as-sailed the Administration
on account of the amount of money expended in
the prosecution of that war.
Sir, said Mr. C. why this impassioned and high
wrought eulogy, of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, upon this savage chief1 Was it on account
of Oseola's utter disregard of the obligations of the
treaty into which, with his tribe, he had solemnly
entered, for their peaceful emigration west of the
Mississippi, and vhich he had, but recently before,
reaffirmed'? Was it on account of his reckless vio
lation of all the obligations binding between man
and man, whether savage or civilized, in the mur-
der of General Thompson, the agent of the United
States, whose kindness, humanity, and hospitality,
he had repeatedly experienced, and even just be-
fore the perpetration of that most foul murder? Or
was it because he had wielded the unrelenting to-
mahawk and scalping knife against the innocent
and defenceless women and chi'dren of Florida,
with a cruelty and ferocity even surpassing ordina-
ry savage barbantj 1 Mr. C. said he knew oí no
other merits of this savage warrior to call forth
such extraoidmary panegyric1 He said Os-eola
was as faithless as he was bold and daring, he
made promises merely to deceive: he inspired con-
fidence only to violate it; he had, throughout lus
whole career, so far as we had any knowledge of
it, exhibited a degree of treachery unparalleled.
When he put on the smile, and made the most so-
lemn assurances of friendship, it was but to de-
lude, and to make more sure the victim of his per-
fidious artifice. Yet this was the wretch who was
to be extolled for his virtues, while the Administra-
tion was to be censured, and the gallant soldier ef
many a v> ell-fought field degraded in the estima-
tion of his countrymen1 Sir, said Mr. C. I have
no praises to chant to the memory of one whose
chief merit consists m giving additional and more
abhorrent traits of treachery and cruelty to the
character of the savage. He said his sympathies
were much more justly due to the brave and patri-
otic men who had encountered the hardships, the
privations, and the perils of the Florida wai
Were he to weep, it would be for our gallant co > •
trymen who had fallen, fighting with courage un-
surpassed, foi the rights and honor of their
country.
The Senator from South Carolina had spoken,
Mr C. said, of the enormous expense of the Semi-
nole war, but why introduce that topic on this oc-
casion? Had we the data on which to form a correct
opinion on the subject1 Was there no danger of doing
injustice by this loose censure, upon mere conjec-
ture? It should be recollected, said Mr. C. that
this tract of country covers four or five degrees of
latitude, abounding in interminable shamps, inac-
cessible hammocks and everglades, unexploied, if
not ine\-piorable. The cost of transportation was
a very important item m the expenses of an army.
Mr. C. asked who could determine, with the infor-
mation we had, the amount of this item of expen
diture in such a country as Florida1 And how
could gentlemen, without any personal knowledge
of the country, and without having ascertained
facts, by any process of investigation, undertake
to press on the question, whether the expenditures
had been reasonable and proper, or the contrary
The Senator lioin South Carolina, Mr C. said,
had alluded to the course of the Executive, in re-
gard to General Scott, and had asked, why it was
that his successor had not been Ueated in like
manner.
Mr,  C.  said, the result of the investigation
in the case of General Scott had, in all probability,
been ene of the principal considerations which ren-
dered the Executive less disposed to institute asimi-
lar proceeding in the case of General Jesup. He
said, whatever suspicions had been entertaweá of
the mismanagement or delay of the commanding
General in the first campaign, they had all been
dissipated and removed by investigation, which
had resulted m the honorable acquittal of General
Scott of all ground of blame or censure. This re-
sult had been satisfactory on all sides, so far as he
was informed. Was not this calculated to inspire
caution and hesitation in regard to his successor?
Yet, Mr. C. said, he had no objection to an investi-
gation of General Jesup's conduct. If the Senator
believed that could be properly done by a commit-
tee of the Senate, he would agree to vote for one—
he would readily give him all the facilities of prose-
cuting the inquiry Mr. C. would not be under-
stood as saying or admitting, however, that this
was the most proper place, or a committee of the
Senate the most proper tribunal, for the examina-
tion or trial of charges against military men. But
he had no doubt, if the President were properly
assured that such a proceeding was desired, that
he would promptly institute it. Then, said Mr. C.
let the Senator from South Carolina, and his
friends, if they believe there are sufficient grounds
to call for the investigation of a court ef inquiry,
or a court martial, intimate their opinions and
wishes to the President; he will, no doubt, promptly
respond to the application. But, Mr. C. said, was
the passage of this bill to be arrested, because the
war might not have been prosecuted with as much
energy, as came up to the expectations or judg-
ment of Senators, or because there may have been
a prodigal expenditure of money heretofore? He
trusted not. It would be recollected that a large
portion of the appropriations proposed by this bill,
was to discharge liabilities already incurred, and
to meet drafts already drawn npon the Treasury by
disbursing officers, charged with the Subsistence
and Quartermaster's Departments. These were
debts already contracted by our authorized agents;
and were the public creditors to be required to
wait till an investigation could be had, to ascertain
whether the campaign had been mismanaged, or
whether its expenditures had exceeded the limits of
a strict economy1 He hoped not. The honor of
the country was pledged for the payment of those
debts, and it should be promptly redeemed.
Another part of the appropriations proposed by
the bill, Mr. C. said, related to the removal of the
Cherokees, now in progress, and was indispensa-
ble to the success of our operations in that quarter.
Major General Scott was now in the field, with an
adequate force to effectuate a prompt execution of
ti e treaty, by a removal of that tribe, he hoped
peacefully, to the country assigned them west of
the Mississippi. Energy and promptitude, Mr. C.
said, were demanded by every consideration of
economy, expediency, and humanity. He said he
was gratified to be able to announce, that the work
of removal had already been auspiciously com-
menced by the commanding Genera!. He had that
mormngbeen favored w ith the perusal ofa letter from
a highly respectable officer of the General's staft,
which contained the very agreeable intelligence that
e veiy Cherokee w arnor within the limits of Georgia
had already been disarmed, and that a general sub 
mission in that quarter had been secured without
bloodshed. Mr.C. said he had entire confidence in the
energy and discretion, the humanity and forbear-
ance, of the commanding General. He had gone
to the Cherokee country with proper instructions,
and with the proper spirit and sentiments for car-
rying them out. His instructions did not requue
him, nor was he disposed, to exercise any unneces-
sary harshness or seventy. He had gone upon
ihi-s service with the most kind and humane ieei-
mgs toward those deluded people, compatible with
the faithful discharge ot his íesponsible duties.
He had already given evidence that such were his
views and feelings in his initiatory measures. He
had announced to the Cherokees, in a tone of firm-
ness and moderation, that their treaty with the Go-
vernment required them to remove, that it «a; his
duty to carry that treaty into execution, that he
had adequate strength and power to perform jtj yet
