374
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jaws, 1S8&.
2Stk ConO'-"2md Seís.
Indian Hostilities—J/#. Preston   Clay, Strange.
Senate.
that he was read} to extend to (hem all the for-
bearance and indulgence uhichtheir circumstances
might require, so long as they manifested a dispo-
sition to comply with the requisitions of the ueaty,
in good iaith
Mr C said it was onlji necessary to let General
Scott proceed in the performance of his duty, un-
der the instructions with which he had gone forth,
■without alteration or change, and with the temper
■which obviously actuated him, and all would be
well, in a few short months the great body of this
tribe would be on their march to the tar West,
perhaps, peacefully, and without any waste ot hu-
man lite.
With regard to the additional appropriation of
money for the benefit of the Cherokees, a'though
he did not admit it to be justly due, Mr C said he
would vote for it. He concurred m the views taken
of tins subject in the report recentty submitted
from the Committee on Indian Affairs On the
proposition of Ross himself, this body had deter-
mined five millions of dollars, m addition to the
country they were to be allowed west of the Mis
sissippi, to be not only a just, but a liberal, com-
pensation. Mr. C. said it no doubt exceeded the
fair intrinsic value of the country they now inha-
bited, but he was willing to go beyond ihe mere
measure of justice If they could be induced to go
peacefully, and without coercion—the condition on
which they were to have the benefit of the appro-
priation—he \\ ould give it core íally, and consider
it sound economy, for, if it became necessaiy to
resort to force, it would doubtless cost the Govern-
ment an amount far exceeding the sum proposed
by the bill, besides the loss of many lives.
Mr C hoped the bill would meet the approba-
tion of the Senate in its present shape, and that it
would not be retarded in its passage by any re-
marks which had fallen from gentlemen.
Mr PRESTON replied at some length to the re-
marks of Mr. Clay. He was glad to hear the Se-
nator from Alabama say, that the commanding Ge-
neral in Georgia had made sush prompt and ener-
getic arrangement  as would be likely te prevent
any further distui banco He thought the matter
wisely confided to that gallant and humane officer,
who, he knew, would do all that humanity and jus-
tice would require in the matter Mr P then went
on to comment upon the capture of Oseóla by
treacherv by detaining him after he hid came in
under a flag of trace—at least so said the rumors
of the day, and the doubts and suspicions cnlci-
tamed, seemed to justify the truth of what hid
bern said If such were the fact, he fMr P]
would not have been his captor for ill the «ealth
in the w de spread universe He w <is au ,ire tnat
Oseóla was an aboriginal savage, ?i il, as such, en-
tertained the feelings peculiar to such a people, but
did he not exhibit all the nobler traits lound ai long
that race' was he not brave in fignt? w as he iot lull
of courage and noble dating, and did not his ex-
ploits bespeak his noble ?nd lolly character? Ad-
mit that he and his untutored race ve c cruel in
battle, subtle, revengeful, anil treacbeious, if gen-
tlei íen pleased to think so, but did ihat lurnish a
justification f®r oui conduct towards thai generous
chief? If th s race of men departed from all the
rules of warfare recognised by the code of civilized
nations,should we stand justified in the ejes oí the
world if we perpetrated upon them such enoimi
ties'! He thought that no justification could be
feund for treacheiy on our part towards the un-
happy Seminóles, who were defending, as they sup-
posed, the soil of their ancestors Mr P said we
had all been made aware of the difficulties con-
nected with the Floridi war The country was
known iO be intersected by suamps, by hammocks
and savannahs, and a'l that, and dreadfully un-
heal thj, still he should like to know how it hap-
pened that Gen Scott should ha\ e been recalled
at the time he was, when the same difficulties weie
presented to our soldiers, and reproached for not
terminating a war at a cost of less than one million
of dollars, while his successor had been permitted
to go on from year to jear, without subduing these
savages, costing the Government t'>e most enor-
mous sums, and jet no ,nquir) instituted into the
ma'ter.
Mr CLAY of Alabama again rose in teply to
Mr. Preston The Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr Preston,] Mr. C said, seemed to justify him-
self for the íeflections cast upon the officer charged
with the prosecution of the Florida war, on the
ground of the doubts and suspicions which, he said,
weie abroad; and intimated that they seemed to
rise spontaneously m his [Mr CVj own bosom
whilst he was speaking Mr C said he could not
account for this lattei intimation He could not
understand in what manner he had manifested
doubts or suspicions, that, feeling and entertaining
none, he had expressed none, and could not ima-
gine from what circumstance the honoiable Sena-
tor had made such an inference On the contrary,
Mr C. remarked, that «-o far as he had been able
to judge of the conduct of the late commanding
General in the management of the several cam-
paigns under his direction, he had seen nothing to
censure He was not prepared to say General
Jesup could im e efiected more than he had done
in such a country as Florida If that General had
erred in anj thing, it had been, m the opinion of
Mr C on the side of humanity, and forbearance
tow ard his savage enemy , certainly not in cruelty
or treachery
Mr C said he regretted that the Senator from
South Carolina had thought proper to make insinu
ations unfavorable to the character of an American
officri of high grade, merely upon the authority of
doubts and suspicions which might have be"n
abroad Mr C remarked that, for his own part,
he would never suffer himself to be made the con-
duit of doubts and suspicions injurious to the repu-
tations of officers or citizens, who were not here to
answer for themselves or make defence He said,
upon a moment's reflection, the Senator from
feouth Carolina must be sensible of the dangerous
tendency of adopting too hastily the slanders of
mere rumor, or the libels of the licentious press of
the day. If that course were pursued, and too
ready an ear given to such slanderous imputations,
who amongst us could stand? Was there, he
asked, a member on that floor whose reputation
had not been, at some period, injuriously assailed1!
And if reputation be dear to ethers, it is doubly so
to the soldier, who lives and fights for it, and
whose "wealth is honor "
Mr C denied that there had been any treachery
practised toward Oseóla So far as he understood
the facts, the treachery had all been perpetrated on
the nan of 'he savage chief He had leen faith-
less throughout, not only toward the unfortunate
and lamented Thompson, but in every movement
calling for the confidence of any ol oui officers
The Senate r from South Cirohna, too, had laid
much sties-, upen the opinion he alleged to have
been expressed bv the late President, that there
were not more than six or eight huiidr d warriors
b longing to the Seminole taoe Now, said Mr
C it the late Chief Magistrate ever expres\ed that
opinio), it was, of course, founded on mere con-
jecture No man could pretend to an accurate
knowledge of their numbers, dispersed, as they
were, m small bands, over a country of ihe pecu-
lnr (haraeter, and such va t extent, as Florida,
and, said Mr C conjecture in this case, as in all
others, must give way to ascertained facts He
said we had killed «nd taken a much greater num-
ber than that supposed, and still there viere many
warnors in arms, and notyet taken
Bat, said Mr C if the Stnator liom South Ca-
re haa is not sitisfiel that the FJorida war has been
well conducted, let him institute the requisite in-
quiry in the pioper manner, and before a tribunal
qualified to judge, and nobody will object Whether
that war has been well managed or not, was not a
quesaon necessarily involved in the passage of this
bill, and he hoped it would be permitted to pass
without further del a)
Mr STR iNGE said he was unwilhne to pro-
long the debate, hut, from the course it had taken,
he did not feel sa'isfied to reman silent Gentle-
men on ihe other side had not announced any pur-
ti se to vote against the hill, but, as thi y said, were
desirous to call public attention to thp ruinous
amount wh cli had been, and was about to be, ex-
pende ! in t'eFljrida war, and he was, on his
pail, desirous to call public attention to ¡he course
taken m this debate.    Why did gentlemen wish to
call public attention to the large amount expended
in the Flonda war? Was it with the expectation tt
would thereby be ascertained that the amount was
greater than necessaiy? Will any portion of the
public ue more competent than the gentlemen them-
selves to discover and point out this excess, if it
exist? They do not, they cannot, think so. And have
they pointed out any single item, and shown it tobe
excessive? Not one Theit design, then, is obvious
enough. They are aware of thestariling effect upon
tht public mind of the expenditure of large sums.
They know that the people are naturally and justly
jealous upon this subject, and they hope, by merely
throwing before them this large amount, accom-
panied with their own expressions of doubt and
suspicion—unaccompanied by specification or cal-
culation—may excite prejudices against the Admi-
nistration, and especially if tho^e inuendoes and
donb's are silently listened to by its friends. Sa
well convinced was the Senator from Massachu-
setts [Vtr Webstfr] of the necessity of the appro-
priation proposed, that he does not attempt an ar-
gument against it. He had too much sagacity to
place himself in the attitude of direct opposition to
it But true to the principle (almost instinctive) of
the Opposition, of never yielding a hearty approval
to any thing coming from the Administration, he
could not forbear giving the bill a side blow as it
passes, although his own vote must ultimately be
given in its favor But he dare go no further than
adopt this masterly stroke of Opposition tactics, of
merely remarking upon the laigeness of the sum,
and the importance of public attention being di-
rected to it The warm imagination of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] however,
perceives a great many other circumstances "which
may be thrown in, greatly to ihicken the cloud of
prejudice against the Administration, and, with less
caution than the Senator from Massachusetts, fully
discloses the impulse under which they act. With
his characteristic ardor he brings before us mere
pictures of the fancy, and forces us to contem-
plate them as living realities, deeply affecting the
question under consideration He presents to us
Oseóla as a noble aboriginal chief, doing battle in
some glorious cause, and suddenly transferred, by
the basest treachery, to a desert island, where he is
left to perish of starvation. But, sii, the whole
picture u one of fancy, and finds no original in
historic truth Oseóla was not a noble savage bat-
tling foi rights, but a miserable half breed, a trai-
tor, and vioiater of every thing held sacred among
all races of men, whether civilized or savage. His
heart was warmed in equal proportions by the
blood of the white man and the red His ties
were as strong by nature to those whom he
butchered and assassinated, as to those whom he
lead on to murder and spoliation His quarrel
was unjust, and he prosecuted it in violation of
every principle of honor and humanity. We see,
then, sir, irr whose behalf this effort has been made
to excite oui indignation And against whom is
it sought to direct it? Against the brave and the
patriotic of our own land—against those who have
staked life and reputation in the cause of our
country? No one has said, however, either here
or elsew here, that treachery or injustice is to be
tolerated towards even this heartless and unprin-
cipled savage, and if any have been guilty of it,
let them answer ltm the proper place, at the proper
time, and in the proper manner But this is neither
that time, place, nor manner Let it be conceded
that all that has been said by the Senator from
South Carolina is, m sobei seriousness, nothing but
substantial truth, and b< rrows none of its tints
from the pencil of imagir ation—does it follow that
we shall fold our arms, and suffer oui country to
be overrun, and our c tizens butchered by the com-
patriots of Oseóla t What has the fate of Oseóla
to do with the question, whether we will tamely
submit to savage aggressi in—whether we will give
up a portion of our country to the most ruthless of
foes 1 As l ttle to the purpose, it seemed to him,
was another subject adverted to by the Senator
from South Carolina, and which had given rise to
a long and animated discussion between him and
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Lumpkin ] These
topics could only have been introduced for the
reason before stated, of rousing and nourishing m
