376
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jnne, 1838.
25m  Cong •••2\d  ¡?ess.
Finances of the Government—Mr. Web&ler.
Senate.
lion that the foe was more formidable than had
been supposed, that he had a pestiferous climate
warring on ma side, and was surrounded by natuial
defences aod entrenchments impregnable to civi-
lized 'iun But, sn, I institute no invidious com-
parisons among the brave officers of our army
1 cannot, however, forbear remarking lhat the
officer agatnbt whom I suppose this inquiry to be
more personally levelled, has succeeded in captur-
ing about two thousand savages. Others have
doubtless done well; but whether as well, I will
not undertake to decide.
Believing, then, that the objects of these appro-
priation,, are just and proper, and their amounts do
not exceed the dictates of prudence, the question
seems to me to be answered whether the bill should
be ordered to a thud reading.
Mr. LUAiPKIN then addressed the Senate, but
as his speech has already been given, it is not
deemed necessary to repeat it heie.
Mr. L. was replied to by Mr. PRESTON.
Mr. WHITE went into the subject m a speech
oi cunsidsiable lengih, in which he affirmed his en-
tire belief m the validity of the Cherokee treaty,
and went into a full and detailed statement of the
connection between the Geneial Government and
Georgia in relation to the extinction of the Indian
title m that State. Mr. W. complimented Geor-
gia on her long patience and forbea-ance, after she
had ceded to the United States Governmsnt that
portion of her most valuable terntory which now
constituted the rich and productive States of Ala-
bama and Mississippi.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he hoped -when
the question was tak°n it would be by ayes and
noes, which being assented to,
Mr. SOUTHARD intimated his intention to vote
for the bill, which, m some measure, had now be-
come necessary through the mismanagement of
those entrusted with the affairs of Government;
but he would take occasion to say, that he believed
both treaties had their origin in fraud. "We had
now paid away twenty-one millions on account of
a feud, which, had it been properly looked into by
those in power, would have saved to the nation the
blood spilt, and money expended. With regard
to what had been said on the capture of Oseóla,
the proof rested on the hand witting of the ac-
cused. The whole conduct of the war could not
b' approved by those who felt for the honoi of
their countrv.
Ml S thin glanced at the Cherokee treaty, and
defended John Ross, whom he declaied to be one
ol nature's strong men; and if he had erred at all,
it was from the attachment to the people of whom
he was the chief.
Mr CLAY of Ahibama rosein replv- lie said,
atter what had fallen from olheis who had spoken
on this occasion, m reieience to the comu iinic-
tion of the Secretar}' of War, addrc.sed to John
Ross and others, it was due to lnm-ell to exploit)
his own position He could not say, as th- fei na-
tni from North Carolina [Mr Siranoí] h-td done,
that he now look a d'fflrent \ if w of the language
employed by the Secretaij of Wai from that which
he had taken «hen mat communication was first
lid before the Senate. He '.ill thought the im-
port of its language justified ¡he construction he
then placed upon it. But, he said he had no objec-
tion to the effect and meaning of that communica-
tion, as construed by the Secretaty himself, m his
letter to Geii. Scott, since published. If that con-
struction should te adlieied to, he was entnely
satisfied, and thought there could be no well found-
ed complaint from any quartci.
Mr. C said, as he had usen, he would take oc-
casion to make a remark or two in reply to the
Senatoi from Nep Jersey, [Mr. Southard,] who
had just spoken. As jthat Senatoi had intimated
his mienticn to vote for the bill, he could not see
the propriety of his observations. That Senator
had thought proper to state his belief that both tha
treaties with the Seminóles and Cherokees were
fraudulent, and without any of the sanction  of a
treaty.
Mr. C. said, as the validity of nether <>t ih ise
treaties was involved in the passage of the bill un-
der consideration, he could see no mo.ive m giving
Utterance to such sentiments, but to feed and nou-
rish that spirit of fanaticism which, unfortunately,
was abroad in a portion of this country, and, un-
der professions of philanthropy, had been, for some
years past, seeking th« universal guaidianahip of
this wide spiead confederacy. One while, Mr. C.
said, those miluensed by this spirit had been iound
intermeddling with the transportation of the mads
on Sundav, and characterizing it as a national sin,
which would bring us under the displeasure of the
Almighty. At another time they were interposing
in behalf of the poor Indians, and essaying to take
care of the national honor' At another they were
impelled, by pure religion, to enlist in the cause of
the poor negroes, to deprive us of our property
guarantied by the Constitution, and involve us in
all the horrors ol a servile war.
And now, agam, they have directed their atten-
tion to the poor Cherokees; and, under the professed
object of preserving them, and defending their sup-
posed violated rights, these phi'anthropic christians
(good souls) were ready to involve us in another
Indian war, although it might carry death and
misery mto many families oí the white inhabitants,
¡«no result in the almost total extermination of the
Indians themselves. Such, Mr. C said, was the
character and tendency of this universal benevo-
lence, which was not content with the management
of its own affans, but must take care to direct and
control those of every body else.
But, sir, said Mr. C. on what giound does the
Senator from New Jersey undertake to pronounce
those treaties fraudulent? Mr. C. said there bad
bepn two treaties with the Seminóles—one at
Payne's Landing, in Florida, and the other west of
the Mississippi. Is regard fo the first, he was
aware that a similar charge had been elsewhere
made, but he had since seen a pubhsation over the
signature of the high-minded and honorable man
by whom it had been negotiated, inviting and defy-
ing investigation.
[Here Mr. Southard interposed, and said he did
not intend to apply the charge of fraud to the treaty
of Payne's Landing—that his remarks only had re-
ference to that subsequently made west of the Mis-
sissippi.]
Mr. C resumed, remarking that he was glad
so much of the charge had been withdrawn. He
was suie that the hisdi character of the individual
by whom ihat treaty had been made, would be a
sufficient protection, amongst those who knew him,
against the imputation of any thing lik' fraud or
dishonoi.
As to the treaty subsequently made west of the
Mississippi, Mr. C. said he <aw as little giound for
censnre. He had not had time to examine the
subject with much attention; but, if he did not mis-
lemember, the treaty of Payne's Landing stipulated
that t special delegation shou'd be sent wist to ex-
plore and examine the country contemplated for
the future ipsidence of the Seminóles, and, upon the
contins'tncy that this delegation were satisfied with
the countiy, and the Creek tribe were willing to
receive them, the tie^ty uas to be fully earned into
eflect '05 the removal 01 th it tribe. The delegation
did go «est of the Mississippi, and did examine the
country, and by a tteatv then made with the com-
nvssioners of ihe Un.ted States—Messrs. Montfoit
S'o';< s, foimcr Governor of North Carolina; Henry
L Ellsworth, now Commissioner of Patents, and
the Kev, John P. Scheimeihorn—ratified and con-
firmed the former tieaty, in all it« essential provi-
sions. Those commissmneis «'ere apposed by
the Government tor the adjustment of our Indian
affdiis «'est of the Mississippi, employed in settling
limits amongst tne seveial tribes in that region;
and as he had never heard any complaint that they
had transcended the powers confided to them, and
as the trcpty had been ratified, he thought it fair to
presume that they had , del on ample authority.
S >, Mr C. said, the Seminóles had given the sanc-
tum of ¡heir acquiescence f">r nearly ihrce years
a'terwards, and, as he understood, had reaffirmed
the treaty by a new stipulation to emigrate It
scansd to Mr C. that these crcumstances were a
sufficient answer to the charge of fraud, and want
of au'hority, on the part of the negotiators.
Well, said Mr C what were the facts in regard
K the treaty with the Cherokees? Commissioners,
of unquestionable respectability had been appointed
on the part of the United States, to go into the
Cherokee country and negotiate with the tribe on
their own soil. Besides the large and respectable
delegation of the tube, it was well understood an
unusually large number of the Cherokees was pre-
sent at the negotiation, and gave the treaty their
sanction. Since then, the treaty had not only been
ratified by the votes of two-thirds of the Senate, but
it has also received the sanction of the House of
Representatives, by its co-operation in the enact
ment of laws to carry it into effect. How, then,
could the Senator from New Jersey, with a know-
ledge of the facts stated, feel justified in saying he
believed this treaty was without any of the sanc-
tions of an instrument of that character? Sir, said
Mr. C. it has the highest sanction that can be
given to any treaty; it has the united sanction of
both branches of Congress; and to say the contraiy,
when the validity of the treaty is not necessarily
involved, I repeat, is but to nourish the nuchievous
spirit of fanaticism, without the possibility of pro-
ducing any good effect whatever.
Mr. C. concluded by saying he was far from de-
siring to consume the time of the Senate unneces-
sarily, but he had felt called upon to make this brief
reply to the remarks of the Senator from New
Jersey, as he thought they reflected injuriously upon
the character of our country, and were calculated
to keep alive the discontent known to exist in re-
ference to these treaties in some portions of the
Union. He hoped the vote would be taken, and
the question put at rest.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed by a
unanimous vote.
FINANCES OP THE GOVERNMENT.
DEBATE IN THE SENATE,
Fkidaí, JuneS, 1&38
Mr   WRIGHT, From the Committee on Finance, to which
was referí ul ihe resolution of the Senate of the 1st May last, dl
reeling them lo take into consideration certain provisions of
the deposite law of 1836,  made a leport thereon, aftd moved
thai, w uhoui leading, it be pinned lor the use oí the Senate
Ml WFlHTER observed that he had looked over the repoit,
and concuned with the chairman that it would be very proper
ttiat it should be printed A majority of the committee, Mr
W Haul, were of opinion that H was competent for the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to leappomt, as banks of deposite, such
biuks as had been appointed under the deposite law of 1836,
but which had, since that time, suspended specie payments;
but the committee wera furtbet of opinion thaL as the law now
s ood, it was not tempetent for the becretary ofthe Treasury to
select and employ any banks, which, since that time, fiad issued
.ind paid 0'it notes of a less denomination than five dollars.
Theie was no doubt of the coliectness of this opinion, because
sucu was ttie provision of the law As to the other matter ie-
ftned to the committee, the expediency of leptalwg bO much
oí i he law as loibids the employment of banks that have issued
and paid out notes less than rive dollars, the committee came to
the conclusion that it is necessary to make some modification of
the law, by fixing another day beyond which they shall cease to
issue notes less than five dollars and, m the mean time, permit
then notestobt received fortheduesof the Government But
the committee weic opposed to an unconditional repeal of the
piovision retened to The majouty of the committee enter-
l lined the opinion that if, in this respect,some provision be-
came necessary, it was note\pedient lor this House to act, till
the final voto on the Independent Tieasurv bill m the other
House shall be ascertained Entertaining diffeient views on
tins sublet, he gave notice thai belore the decision of the other
House is piesemed, he should ask leave to introduce a bill
making further provision for the deposite of ihe public money;
not that he supposed it possible foi such a bill to receive the de-
cision of bothllouses at this session, but because he believed it
necessary to act in some way It was not tnough to say that
the Senate had aheadv acted on the subject It had taken one
of the piovisions of that bill, (ihe-Independem Treasury,) and
passed it mto a law by a subsequent act of legislation, which
showed that those who voted lor it must have been under a
doubt whether the House would act on the bill re'Tied to at
th.s session lie could not take his seat on this occisión, with-
out expressing his regiet thai afiet the iAp.iition of three
months since the passage of ihe Independent Tieasury bill,
there was some disposition to revive it He believed that for
the last three weeks the business ol the countiy was going on
wcil—the countiy v,as lecoveri'U from the depression urder
v. i ch it had long sufleied, commeiee was íevivmg, and confi-
dence was returning The banks ofTs'ew York and others had
resumed specie payments, and ih°ie was a piospect of resump-
'mii by tho-e of Philadelphia and the cines south of it But n
tins Independent Ti ea=ury bill la i ev ived, it will prev ent the te-
t-jmpti hi of specie payi >euts, and inteirupt the returning píos-
ptui'v ol ne countiy To nnne -> op now, after it was con-
si teied by the country ae defunct, would o noihmg else but
ei atenea aUim an' discouragement lie smceieiy hoped
tudt those who had I'^adminisna ion of the Government of the
country, v-ouldavaiu hussives of that policy which some phi-
losopher called master y inactivity As things were going on
wed it could not but i "gretled that there should be an at
t< mptto revive ihatbiii, when even the attempt itself must ne-
c^s-anly produce alarm It w^s his purpose to ask leave to
n'roducc a bill to render mole effectual the resolution which
w is passed the other day.
Mi NORVEIX piotested against what had been said by the
Senator from Massachusetts in relauon to the repeal of th*
