380                               APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________Mar. 18S8«
25th Cong--"2nd Sess.                                       Specie Circular—Mr. Strange._________________________     ____________Senate.
were exceedingly vauous, and grew daily more so.
The nominal receipts of the Government were far
beyond its real income, and the depreciated cur-
rency in which Js revenue was collected forced it
into acts cf injustice to its creditors, as well as to
be a heavy snffeier by losses to itself. The perni-
cious and corrupting influence of this state of things
was perceived and felt by every man of the least
reflection. It rendered the Government a partici-
pant in a great gambling eoncern., having itself the
largest stake in the game. The gambling spirit
was pervading the community, and of all the spi-
rits furnished from the legions of Satan, none is
more corrupting to the individual or community of
whom it takes possession than the gambling spirit
The public officer'-, it is true, had assumed upon
themselves without any authority, and as the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts justly remarked in another
part of his argument, would have been liable lo the
Government for the amount of their receipts in
specie. But this right could not be enforced with-
out the utmost cruelty, if it could have been en-
forced at all to the full extent; for the difference be-
tween the real amounts in the hands of the ofh-
cers and the nominal amounts received could
scarcely have been realized out of the whole pro-
perty of both the officers and their securities.
But besides this, although the Government had not
expressly authorized the receipt of bank paper, it
was cognizant that it was done, and, by Us silence,
connived at the act, and having so long stood by
without any word of disapprobation, or prescnbing
any limits to the exercise oí this assumed power of
the receiving officers it would have been highly
unjust to have held them to a strict account for do-
ing what had not been disapproved in their piede-
cessors. For the past, then, ihere was no remedy;
and the question was, what should be done for the
future. Must they submit to the evil, or endeavor
to prevent or altogether restrain it' They might
have adopted the latter course, and warned their
officers th it the connivance heretofore extended to
them should be henceiorth withheld; that a rigid
account would in future be exacted, and nothing but
the constitutionalcurrency received from them, and
if they received ought else, it must be at their own
peril Or, they might have gone *till farther, and
actual!) prohibited the íeceipt of bank paper, and
made it penal m the ofhcer to accept it lrom any
debtor Cut every one agrees they did neither ol
these things And" why did they not? I maybe
greatly mistaken in my conjecture, but 1 verily be-
lieve that this bold and salutary measure was pie-
vented by the same influence which now distracts
our counsels, and paralyses our energv—that of the
banks, in all its subtlety .uid complication. It was
an influence less suspected then thin now, but, on
that very account, nearlyas potent, alihough much
less extensive. The banks had then, as now, iheir
stockholders, their officer^, an! above all, their
debtors, through whom they exercised their imper-
ceptible and magi'- spells on all classes of society
Now, it is true, ne are conscious of the fact, but,
like Gulli\ei,we find that while we have been
sleeping, the Lilliputians have so multiplied their
pigmy chains, that we strive in vain to put forth
our strength- our contemptihle foes have thickened
around us, and now openly add to the bonds which
hold us down, and mock at our exertions to break
through them Then they were exerted secretly,
and almost unconsciously, but were sufficient then
as they are now, to enslave the legislative will, and
forbid an absolute repudiation oí bank paper, and
an administration oí the finances m the mode pre-
scribed by the Constitution. But this influence
was not merely negative in its action. It did not
stop at preventing the Legislature from prohibit-
ing the Executive from receiving any thing but the
constitutional currency It went further, and
forced it to abandon its attitude of mere connivance,
and for the first time to authorise, as I say, the re- I
ceipt of bank paper, and, as says the Senator ftom
Massachusetts, to command it.
And this brings me to that question between us,
whether the joint resolution of 1816 is a permission,
or a command. I was somewhat surpnsed, but
even more amused, at perceiving how the force of
truth had compelled the Senator from Massachu-
settej almost unconsciously, to abandon for a mo-
ment the ground so strenuously maintained by him
at the extra session, in staling the object of this le-
solution. He said it went no further than to give
the Secretary of the Treasury permission lo receive
the notes oí specie-paying banks, and to prohibit
the reception of the notes of those which did not pay
specie. This is precisely my idea of its operations
and I am sorry that the Senator did not rest there.
But he quickly returns to his first love, and insists
that it is mandatory upon the Secretary, in the
first clause, to receive the notes of specie-paying
banki., as well as m the second not to receive those
which do not pay. The Senator commences his
argument by saying, that gentlemen in this cham-
ber had spoken of the resolution of 1816 as having
created the practice of receiving bank paper for
revenue. I have heard no such declaration made.
I have never heard it contended that this resolution
gave rise to the practice; but I have heard it insist-
ed, and as I think properly, that it is the first legis-
lative direct authority for so doing. What was
done before was upon the private assumption of the
omceis themselves, the Government merely ac-
quiesced in the practice until it became unreasona-
ble to hold the officers' acts unwarrantable, or to
visit upon them their censequences. But by the
resolution of 1816 the Government was no longer
a mere acquiescent stander-by, but deliberately and
solemnly, by legislative action, sanctioned the pro-
ceeding. The Senator then proceeds with his ar-
gument to show that it was not merely permissive
to the Secretary to receive bank notes, but that it
commands him to receive those of such as pay
specie, and say*, in the first place, the resolution
is mandatory, and prohibitory, in its very nature.
This I do not question. I freely admit that the
resolution commands whatever it does command,
and prohibits whatever it does prohibit; and in
stating the argument m this way,the Senator exhibits
more adroitness as a logician than fairness as a
politician The true question is, what does the
resolution command, and what does it prohibit' It
commands, as I say, and nothing more, that the
Secretary shall proceed as «oon as possible to col-
lect the public revenue m the constitutional cur-
rency, or &c. and prohibits, as the Senator from
Massachusetts justly says, the reception of any
part of it, after a given day, in the notes of un-
sound banks. Let any plain man read the act, and
he would find no difficulty in its construction:
"That l he Secretary of (he JTieasmv Ix, and he herohj is, le
quued and d rerted to adopt such measures as he miy deem
necessary to cause, as soon as maj 1)°, all duties taxes debts,
ot sums of money accruing oi becoming pa) able to the United
S ates, lo becolltcttd and paid in the legal currency of the
United Stat"" orTleisurj notes, 01 notes of the Hank of the
United states, as by law provided anddeclaied or of notes of
b inks which are payante and paid on demand in tht lesal cur
lencv of the United htate , ant that fiom andaftcrthe ¿Olh
day of Tebruaiy next, no such du íes, taxe", debt* oi sums of
mo ley act ruing or becoming payable to the United States a=>
aforesaid, ought tobe tollerted oi received, othuwlst. thanin
the legal cunency of the United stt-ues, or JTieasury notes, or
notes ot the Bank of the United States, or in notes of banks,
whuh aie payable and pud on demand in the said currency
of the United sutes
Here, then, is the act itself, and if any man of
unbiassed mind can have any doubts about its
meaning, the English language is a mere snare to
entiap plam men—a plaything for the amusement
of logicians. To whom is the act directed in its
mandatory and prohibitory character? To the pub-
lic debtor or to the public officer' Does it say that
the public debtors may hereafter pay their dues to
the Government in such or such currency, and
shall not pay it in such and such? Does it not, on
the contrary, say mat the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry shall collect them in such or such, &c and that
they ought not, after such a time, to be received in
such and such, &<fl Now, I care not what relation
the person commanded may bear to the command-
ing potver, if the command be in the alternative do
this, or this, or this, the person commanded has ful-
filled the command if he does either of the three,
arid if nothing mure is said 11 the command, it is
suiely left to the peison commanded to adopt
either of the alternatives he msy think proper. If
there was no alternative expressed in the command,
of course there would be no place for choice, and,
if in an alternative command, the option had '«een
intended for another than the person commanded,
it would have been so expressed. Had the resolu-
tion of 1816 intended to confer the option on the
debtor, it would have been so expressed. The com-
mand, however, was addressed to the public offieer,
and it was in substance as if the Government had
said to him, I am entitled to receive from you speeie
for all my dues which you have collected, or ought
to have collected, but I am sensible of the difficul-
tiss which have surrounded you, and will probably
continue to surround you. You have collected the
revenue in all sorts of paper currency, some of
which is utterly worthless. Of what is past we will
say nothing, but in future you may collect the re-
venue in the Constitutional currency, or m the
notes of specie-paying banks, and either of these
will be received by me as equivalent to specie; but
the worthless trash of non-specie-paymg banks you
ought not to receive, for that I will not take at your
hands, neither do I choose to run the hazard of your
being able to make it good to me m specie. Nothing
is hinted m all this of the option being left with the
debtor. Such is the obvious construction which a
plain unsophisticated man would put upon this re-
solution, applying to it nothing but the simple rules
of grammatical construction. Butsuppose the lan-
guage were more ambiguous than it is, and
we were driven to the application of tech-
nical rules in reaching the legislative meaning.
The Senator from Massachusetts well knows
that in the construction of statutes the most ap-
proved professional guides are attention to the old
law—to the mischief existing under it, and to the
remedy for the mischief. Let us, then, apply this
rule to the case before us. What was the old law?
We may take euher the law of 1785, requiring the
payment of the revenue in money, and the practice
springing up under it of considering every thing
haying ths name of bank paper as money; or the
practice alone, a? constituting the old law. What
was the mischief/ Obviously the throwing upon
the Government a vast quantity of currency of
unequal value, or of no value at all, and a conse-
quent injustice to the public creditor and an ine-
quality in the levy of the taxes and customs
What was the remedy? Plainly as all olher reme-
dies—a removal of the mischief. The mischief
was not an oppression of the public debtors, a
rigid exaction lrom them of the constitutional cur-
rency, a refusal to take from them the mingled cur-
rency of the country, and thus subjecting them to
loss and inconvenience, but precisely ths reverse—
a too facile acceptance of what they might think
proper to offer, to the loss of the Government and
the wrong of its creditors. It would be a strange
remedy of this evil to pass a law giving to these
very debtors a privilege which they had not before,
of offering at their own choice any and every cur-
rency, and commanding to the ofhcer a laxity
which he had already manifested himself too wil-
ling to indulge; making it imperative upon him to
do that which against the law and against the inte-
rest of the Government and its creditors, whom he
represented, he had already shown h mself but too
prompt to perform. Take, then, either the natu-
ral or artificial rules of construction, and it is
equally clear that the first branch of the joint reso-
lution of 1816was not mandatorv, but permissive; to
be restricted in its exercise by the second branch,
which is the really remedial branch, directed
against the receipt of inconvertible paper money.
But the Senator from Massachusetts s.ays that bank
paper ought to be received from the public debtor,
because Congress says it ought to be received.
This is a mere pehtio principn, an assumption of
the very position about which we dispute. I deny
that Congress has said that it ought to be received.
It has said no more than that it may be received,
and that the paper mentioned in the second clause
ought not to be received. But the Senator further
urges, that if the fust part ot the resolution was not
mandatory, the second could not be piohibitory.
No x, I do not see any logic in this mode of rea-
soning. The deduction seems to me to be a per-
fect non seqmtur. Such reasoning is even more
inconclusive than some examples of ingenious
sophism, in which is syllogistically demonstrated
what every man of common sense knows to be
false. Such, for instance, as this: a man is a two-
legged animal, a goose is a two-legged animal;
therefore, a man is a goose. But, sir, these inge-
nious devices will not avail.   They mil notserre
