Mar. 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
25th Co\g-"'2vi> Sess.
Specie Circular—Mr. Strange.
Senate.
to wrest plain English from its obvious meaning.
Every rule of construction results in showing that,
by the resolution of 1816, a power of discrimina-
tion is vested in the Secretary. A discrimination,
then, first directly given by legislative action, and,
if gentlemen wish to take it away, let them unite
with me in repealing that resolution. In so doing,
they will part with what has been to them a most
efficient and artful electioneering topic, but will, at
the same time, do much towards the restoration of
a violated Constitution
lhave now commented upon the thiee apparent
«or avowed objects embraced in this measure, but I
have intimated, and I now distinctly say, that its
covert designs are, in my judgment, much more
important, and still more objectionable. There are
few books more stored with wisdom than that
which is put into our hands in an early stage of
our progress in the acquisition of the dead lan-
guages—a book in which, like many other ancient
works, the contributions of men of different places
■and ages are brought together, and all attributed to
■one man—the book I allude to is iEsop's Fables.
Among these fables is one full of useful moral, in
which a cat is represented, who, having exhausted
all ether devices in bringing within her reach the
mice whom melancholy experience had render-
ed wary, fell upon the expedient of covering her-
self copiously with meal or flour, and laying her-
self down in a tub where that article was went to
be kept, that ihe cheated mice, tempted by hunger,
and mistaking her for a mass of flour, might ap-
proach to eat, and be themselves eaten. The Fede-
ral party have, in like manner, been striving, from
the beginning of our national existence, to devour
the people, and have occasionally made upon them
successtul onslaughts. But the people have be-
come so very suspicious, that not only a change of
name has been found necessary, but a change in
their appearance and apparent designs They no w
pretend that they are the true friends of the people,
that the measures of the Administration are leading
thtsm to ruin and starvation, while those proposed
by them will lead to plenty and satiety; that their
measures will scatter money m abundance over the
land, open vast commercial facilities, people our
western wilds, multiply the steam-moved palaces
which float upon our waters, and, in short, present
to every man in the country food and raiment,
without any care or labor on his part. With this
fallacious show they tempt the people as treache-
rous puss did the mice, to place themselves in their
power, and with the same purpose of working their
own will upon them to rum and devour them.
While they profess a purpose of assisting the pub-
lic debtors, of aiding the local banks, and, through
them, the people, scattering plenty over the land,
and abolishing odious discrimination, their real de-
sign and primary object is to fix upon us a United
States Bank. The measure proposed will, in two
ways, tend powerfully to that result First, by in-
creasing bank issues to an extent so extravagant as
must necessarily result in a derangement oí the
currency altogether insupportable, forcing many,
with all their consciousness of its evils, to fly to a
United States Bank as the only remedy. And, se-
condly, by pioducmg so intimate a connection
between the Government and the banks as to give
entire effect to that apecious argument, that what-
ever the Government treats as money is money,
which it is bound to regulate, that the Government
does treat the local bank notes as money, and is
therefore bound to regulate them, which it can
only do by a United States Bank. In this way is
preparation making to subdue, imperceptibly, the
public will to that which it now abhors, to lead it
into difficulties, from which it is thought there will
be no other mode of extrication
The original resolutions were much more objec-
tionable themselves than the present, but they were
not so dangerous, for they did not so well disguise
the ultimate tendencies of the system they were de-
signed to advance. They required what had never
been done before in this Government, that bank
paper should bs tendered to the public creditor, and
that too m the face of the sentment avowed by all
part.es, that nothing but gold or silver, or their
unquestionable equivalent, ought ever to be paid
to a public creditor.     Acknowledged policy, and
nota sen eofils impropriety, induced the mover
of those resolutions to part with that feature against
the earnest opposition of the Senator from Virgi-
nia But, disguise it as they may, this resolution,
even as now modified, is but one of the series of
untiring efforts made by the Opposition to bring the
Government back to 3 connection with the bankj,
and to render that connection even more intimate
than ever the termination in a United States Bank
becoming more certain in proportion to the intima-
cy of that connection. To promote this object, the
most specious, and yet the most fallacious, appeals
are made to blind prejudice. They tell us that in
the receipt of bank notes the Government does
nothing more than is done by every citizen of the
country, that every citizen receives in his dealings
the notes of solvent banks. But is it not apparent
that the case of the Government and the citizen are
not parallel and can not be rendered so No law
compels ths private citizen to take bank notes,
neither does any citizen in, advance, not only for a
day, but ior all time, bind himself to take the noies
of every bank which may happen to pay specie
It is true, if at any given time a bank note is ten-
dered him, he receives it or not, according to cir-
cumstances, according to the ability of his debtor
to give him that or any thing better; according to
the hazard there may be of his losing his debt if he
doss not take what is now tendered; according to
his present ability to make the particular money
available to him as so much specie, according to
his knowledge of the actual present value of the
note, or his judgment of the substantial soundness
of the bank issuing it. By the joint resolution of
1816, if bank notes were to be received at all, the
public officers were very wisely left in all these re-
spects in a situation very similar to that of the pri-
vate citizen, and acted upon his official responsi-
b my But by this resolution jou, as it were,
"bind him fast in fate " You chain up all his fa-
culties, and if a certain state ot facts exist at the
moment, his action is fixed The slightest pervi-
sion of coming events is forbidden him, none of
that clairvoyance by which a sagacious man may
look through the brick t\ alls and iron grates of
banks into those vaults which are often hollow and
empty enough whei the bank wears a very fair
exterior, is allowed him. Whatever losses he may
see in futuro for the Government, he must yet take
the paper. Besides this, does not every one know
row readily this legislative declaration will be
seized upon by the banks and their friends as an
agreement or contract on the part of the Govern-
ment to take their notes, and how embarrassing it
may prove te the Government m its future move-
ments? How widely in this does the Government
differ from the private individual who keeps his
purposes in his own bosom, and acts upon them,
nay, forms them as circumstances arise, and is m
no danger of having demanded of him as a right
what he merely yields as a favor, or in simple re-
ference to his own convenience1 From all these
difficulties we were measurably free under the joint
resolution of 1816 And here I wil' frankly con-
fess (for I have no political secrets) that I was
much surprised that many of my political friends
should have been dissatisfied with the Independent
Treasury bill as sent from this body to the other
House. In connection with the joint resolution ot
1816, I consider it stronger than the bill as amend-
ed by the Senator from South Carolina I voted
for that amendment, it is true, because I dis-
covered that, with such an amendment, it would
command some support which it would not v. ithout
ii, but, for myself, I,in truth, preferred the b'llas it
passed this body As the bill stands, we are tree
from any compacts or entangling alliances with
the banks, while the amendment contains provi-
sions which, whether so designed or not, will be
constiued into stipulations on the part oí the Go-
vernment, which the banks will nsist upon enfor-
cing, and make the pretext foi demanding other
concessions If we have any thing to do with
banks at all, I wish to be periectly tree from per-
manent contracts with them I wish to be free as
air—free as the Constitution irade us. I wish the
Government to be as the individual is, at liberty to
make use of banks or let them alone, according to
its own convenience or exigencies,     With the bill
as it passed this body, had I the administration of
this Government, (as I never expect to have,) I
would, under the joint resolution of 1816, have re-
ceived the notes of such banks as I considered per-
fectly safe, and following the example of the Uni-
ted States Bank, I would have made short settle-
ments with the banks, and demanded specie for
their notes. I would not have done so from any
disposition to make war upon the banks, as is erro-
neously attributed to the friends of the Administra-
tion by its enemies. I am certain no such feeling
exists in my bosom, and I am well convinced it
exists in the bosom of very few of the friends of the
Administration My object in making these set-
tlements, would be to render the Government in
practice what even the gentlemen on the other side
say it is m theory—a hard money Government.
Buc gentlemen say it is in practice a hard money
Government, while it takes only convertible paper,
that there is no real difference between specie and
paper convertible at pleasure into specie. Now it
is not necessary for us to inquire into the truth of
this proposition until a state of facts arises m
which it may be brought into practical action.
The paper which is called convertible, is not so in
fact. Theie is, m truth, little or no really con-
vertible bank paper in the country, and never will
be while the present banking system continues.
This fact has not been sufficiently pressed upon
public attention, and the delusion produced by the
talk of the gentleman on the other side has been
suffered to take quiet possession of the public mind.
Gentlemen practice a sort of legerdemain upon us
they «ay convertible paper is equal to gold and sil-
ver, and they hold up to us something which they
tell us is convertible paper, and is, therefore, as
good as gold and silver, but they take care to divert
our attention from the inquiry whether what they
thus hold up to us be in truth convenible paper?
They know very well it will not bear this in-
vestigation, and, therefore, resort to all sorts of
contrivances to prevent us from making it, they
e\ en represent it as the height of oppression and
unjust cruelty to do so Do not gentlemen now
directly say, that they are doubtful wnether the
Government can be trus'ed to carry out this reso-
lution m its spirit, and whether some further guards
ought not to be thrown around the banks They
are apprehensive that the Gov&mment will not
play into the hands of the banks, and circulate
their paper, but will return their notes upon them,
when received, and demand specie. And why are
they apprehensive' It is the conviction that
such a test might expose the jugglers, and discover
the mystic secret. They say lo the Government
in one breath—"You ought surely to take this, for
it is convertible into gold and silver—you have
only to ask at the bank for the gold and silver, and
you will be certain to obtain it;" but in the next ihey
say—"it would be exceedingly ungensrous in you to
ask the banks for the specie, this would be making
war upon them, and through them upon thepeop'e
for you would be certain to break the banks, and
force them to grind the people " Such is the
boasted convertibility It amounts to this Only
believe ihis to be equal to gold and silver, and it will
bejustas good as if it we so. It is true, I tell you,
ii you make the experiment >ou will be sure to find
it otherwise, but still it will be generous and pa-
triotic in } ou to believe it, and, theiefore, you
must do so, although the evidence is all agaim-t it.
It is astonishing to me that so large a portion of
the people should be gulled by this everlasting din
about convertibility, when the very priests them-
selves tell them that their god will not bear exami-
nation, when they tell them in one breath that the
bank note , are convertible, but that it would rum
the banks to ask them to convert them It is ama-
zing that gentleman «hould attempt such im-
positions upon popular credulity If the banks are
able to redeem their paper, it cannot rum them to
do so, and if they cannot, whv then it is obviously
not convertible. I know well the deceit fulness and
flexibility of the human mind—that predisposition
is every thing—that "trifles light as air, are to the
jealous confirmation strong as proof from holy
writ"—that, to ¡he credulous, the most absurd pro-
positions may be made to wear the show of proba-
bility , but that such absurdities as those on which
