382
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sum, 1838.
25th Cong-. Snd Sí.ss.
floiíheaslern Boundary-—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
I am remarking should be swallowed by a whole
people, fills me with wonder inexpressible. I sin-
cerely wish the people would look into this system
of hocus-pocus, by which they have been so long
deluded.
Gentlemen spoke of the present low state of our
Treasury as presenting an occasion most advan-
tageous tor the renewal of our connection with the
banks. This topic was an important one, but it
looked m precisely the opposite direction from that
suggested by ihe other side. A small revenue—one
hot exceeding the wants of the Government—was,
on many accounts, highly desirable. Many of our
trouble*, had grown out of an expanded re venue, and
our connection with the banks has been ths main
cause of that expansion. Our disconnection with
the banKs, and a reduction of our revenue, have
been nearly coincident evento, and a continuance
and completion of the disconnection will ensure us
a moderate revenue, and a consequent economical
expenditure A renewal oí that connection will
be a renewal of surpluses and of all the troubles
incident to them. No man, who is not wilfully
blind, can fail to perceive the overpowering influ-
ence of banks over public affairs It is obvious
that, while the connection exists between the Go-
vernment and the banks, the larger the revenue of
the one, the greater the trading credit of the other.
The interest of the banks, then, would be to in-
crease therevenues of the Government, and there are
a thousand disguised modes in which schemes might
be brought forward to effect their object. This ob-
ject being accomplished, it would naturally lead on
to a great pecuniary catastrophe, and, in alarm and
desperation, even constitutional doubts would be
yielded by many to the supposed necessity of the
times, and a United States Bank be chartered.
But why do certain policianspress the rechaiter of
a united States Bank with so much zeal upon the
country? Is it from any particular regard to the
thing itself, or a belief that is for the real good of
the country? No, sir, no! Some may so believe,
but my chanty does not extend so far m favor of
those who are most clamorous for this measure. It
is a convenient hobby for riding into the Presi-
dency, -which gentlemen are anxious to mount It
is a mistake that this is a hobby which will not
carry double It is one large enough and staunch
enough for many to ride, and he who rides it suc-
cessfully, may take a whole army of friends behind
him. Sir, we shall never have quiet in this coun-
try, while this chamber is made the arena oí Presi-
dential strife—the theatre on which is to be decided
who shall be elevated to the Chief Magistracy of
this land As long at, this continues to be the case,
no question will be discussed with reference merely
to the public welfare, out m relation to whose
Presidential prospects, it will be likely to advance.
I wish I could see the Constitution so amend«d,and
I yet hope to see it, as to exclude from the Presi-
dential canvass every man w! o is, or has been,
within three years, a member ot either house of
Congress. When that shall be the ca^e, we may
hope to see questions discussed in this body exclu-
sively upon their merits, and speeches published to
inform, and not to mislead, the people. Yes, sir,
the United States Bank is used, like the elephants m
ancient warfare, as a mo'-t powerful auxiliary, and
destructive to any foe against which its fury can be
successfully directed But I warn the gentlemen
on the other side that they may be exposed to the
same danger that, they will remember, sometimes
overtook those of ancient times who used elephants
in battle—the ponderous allies occasionally turned
upon their friends, and trampled in the eartn those
who trusted in them for vietory. I rejoice, Mr
President, that the elephant to be used in the com-
ing war has been so early paraded before us, that
we have had time allowed us to examine his struc-
ture and appearance, and become accustomed to
his roar, so that we may not be overcome with sur-
prise at the one, or alarm at the other. I am happy
to say that he is likely to prove a very harmless crea-
ture—that he is so miserably put together as to be
very deficient in strength, as well as in tractabihty.
He is so wretchedly misshapen, that even his own
friends are ashamed of him, and will not, I think,
venture to trust themselves with ham in the day of
battle.   None, fram persuaded, tat  the fearless
rider who has brought him upon the fiald would
venture to mount so unpromising a brute, and
I doubt not even he will fiad reason to repent his
rashness.
Mr. President, two gfeat political parties have
ever divided this countiy, and the leaders of each
should openly and fairly set forth then principles,
and leave it to the people, the only true and legiti-
mate arbiter, to decide between them. Let things
be presented to the people m their true character,
let them see things as they really are; and let us
have do more cats in the meal tub. I, for One,
support the present Administration, because I think
I understand its general principles, and approve
them. I have nothing else to bind me to it but the
promotion of those great Democratic principles
which are identified, in my j'udgment, With the true
interests of this nation; and those very measures
which the Opposition are now denouncing, they
will find themselves compelled, should they ever
get into po*er¡ to adopt, or they will soon be
hurled by the people from the places they shall
have obtained These principles are too dear to
the people of the United States ever to be aban-
doned by them, and no Administration which does
not adopt them for its government, can maintain
its place any longer than it can succeed m deceiv-
ing and gulling the p ople, by the same acts which
gets it into power. One of these principles is econo-
my m public expenditure; a principle without
which Republican purity and simplicity cannot
exist. Conscious of this, the Opposition are con*
stantly charging the Administration with profli-
gacy, and taunting them with the vast amount of
their expenditures. But what are the facts, so far
as this body is concerned? The members of this body
are but men, and are subject to all the frailties of
men. It is declared of theDivineSaviour of our race,
that he was a man of like passions with ourselves
conscious of our frailties, and touched with our
infirmities. It is surely, then, no disparagement
to this body to say that its members are but fair
specimens of human nature, perhaps no worse,
and certainly not much better, than other men, or
more exempt from the ordinary effects of human
we\kness Our judgments are as liable to be
warped by ths peculiar position in which we stand
to any given subject, and, with the most honest pur-
poses, to have our views of things obscured when
the interests of ourselves or our friends are inter-
posed. The Administration party here is, in truth,
as it professes to be, opposed to an expensive ad-
ministration of the General Government. They
are the advocates of low taxation and economy in
disbursements. But when we come to apply our
principles in practice, almost every proposal for
expenditure addresses itself to the local interests of
some few members of the Administration party.
Affected by the frailty of our natures, we see m
such case some feature peculiar to itself, which
excepts it from the general rule, we discover in it
some extraordinary claim to public favor, and are
persuaded that we may well vote for it without run-
ning counter to oui principles, or bringing our
consistency into the slightest suspicion. On these
occasions, the almost unanimous vote of the Oppo-
sition united to our own, and that of a few looking
at the subject in the same light with ourselves,
insures the passage of the measure against the
vain resistance of the mass of the Republican party.
In this way, most of the schemes for the expen-
diture of public money are carried But Op-
position gentlemen go home to their constitu-
ents and make speeches, or scatter publications
among them, imputing all the extravagancies to
the Administration and its friends They say,
plausibly enough, "it is well known that the Ad-
ministration has a majority in both Houses of Con-
giess, if, therefore, they were not in favor of these
appropriations, they could not have been made "
It is seldom that any friend of the Administration
is by to put the subject on its proper footing, and
when it does so happen, "it is like the voice of
one crying in the wilderness," the answer falls
upon very few ears,. The accusation is caught up
and circulated widely and loudly; the thousands of
newspapers (nearly all of which depend upon mer-
cantile patronage) echo it and re-echo it; while the
few Administration papers say but little about it,
or if they do say much, are seen comparatively by
very few.
With similar fairness is the Administration
party called the party of office holders and
office seekers. This imputation has been, m
the hands of the Opposition, a spell far more
potent than that of the wizard Owen Glen-
dower; he could call spirits from the vasty
deep, but we have no assurance that they ever
came when he did call for them; but the Opposi-
tion, with this ciy of office holders and office ¡>eek-
ersj have operated powerfully upon public opinion,
and waked up a spirit of indignation in many an
honest bosom. But it is a most deceptive cry Sir,
I vary believe, if all the officers of this Government
could pass tin review before us, fully two to one
would be found openly opposed to the Adm nistra-
tion; and of the balance, I will not undertake to
hazard a guess at the number who secretly nourish
discontent, and are just ready to break out with
avowed disapprobation, because their -own sup-
posed merits are not more adequately rewarded. So
much for office holders; and the cry of office seek-
ers is, if possible, still more unjust. With regard
to appetite for office, I will do the gentlemen in the
Opposition the justice to say that I do not suppose
theirs is naturally more keen than that of persons
of opposite politics. Either will take office where
a suitable one presents itself, if they believe, upon
the whole, they can do better in the office than out
of it, and if the office is not thought eligible, it will
be rejected. Such is the general principle of action
with both. But with the Opposition that expecta-
tion is more general, and desire more whetted by
the hope of gratification, I think is abundantly
evident. Under the present Administration tjle
offices are all filled, and it is enly now and
then that a vacancy occurs which majr possi-
bly be supplied by one of the many deserving
friends ot the Administration. No general turn-
out can be by them expected, and a change of Ad-
ministration could promise them Bothmg, for
it would bring in those whose success they had
oppssed In this state of things, with most,
hope must sicken and expectation die. They
live only with the very few, wno are, from circum-
stances, placed, as it were, very near some office
on which «ome fair promise of vacancy is written.
But how is it with the Opposition? One hope inspires
every bosom. They are striving for victory, and
m their sanguine zeal success is, in their estima-
tion, but waiting to crown them. When this is ac-
complished, the spoils are to be distributed, and
each man feels that he has a ticket va. this mighty
lottery which may not prove a blank. Every bed
will be open m this great caravansary where their
polulcal journey is to termmnte, and no one knows
whether he may not be thelortunate man who will
be allowed to repose himself in one of tne best.
From persons thus situated, then, how illy comes
forth the cry against office seekers' The people,
when they have a little more time to think upon
the subject, will be struck with its audacity—will
perceive that it is not the honest note of warn-
ing from the public watchman, but the crv of
the conscience-stiicken and designing, who strive
to cover their own guilty purposes by unfounded
and ungenerous imputations upon others.
Mr. President, I have trespassed longer than I
had intended on the patience of the Senate; but in
addition to the motive stated in the commencement
of this address, I wished to vindicate, as far as
possible, my voting on the present question in so
hopeless a minority.
REMARKS OF MR. BUCHANAN,
Of Pennsylvania,
In the Senate of the United Stales, Monday, June 18,
1838—On the motion of Mr. WitLUMS of Me
for leave to bring m "a bill to provide for sur-
veying the Northeastern boundary line of the
United States, according to the provisions of the
treaty of peace, of seventeen hundred and eighty-
three "
Mr. BUCHANAN addressed the 8enate as fol-
lows:
This bill, said Mr. B. in. effect, proposes that the
Congress of "theíÍBited «tates shall, wíBkh  ft 
