384                  _______APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                    Jane, 1SS8.
25th Covg...-2vd Sess.                               Northemiem Boundary—Mr, Buchanan._____________________                        Senate.
Government assert their claim to the disputed ter-
ritory? After all the negotiations upon the subject,
it is confined to a single particular, and I shall
endeavor to state their position fairly. They allege,
truly, that the treaty description is highlands di-
viding the rivers which empty fherhsehes into the
St Lawrence from those which fall into "the At-
lantic ocean " They then contend that the river
St. Johns is not a river which falls into the Atlantis
ocean, according to the description of the treaty,
because it has its mouth m the Bay of Fundy,
and that, therefore, you must lodk for highlands
south of the St. Johns which answer this descrip-
tion    T>ns bungs them down to Mars Hill.
Now, sir, let me state one or two of the objec-
tions to this extraordinary claim. Il is founded
upon the presumption that a river does not fall irto
the Atlantic ocean, because, in arriving at the
ocean, it may pass through a bay. For example,
the Delaware does not fall into the Atlantic, be-
cause it flows into it through the Delaware bay,
and the St Johns, for the same reason, does not
fall into the Atlantic, because it flows into it through
the Bay of Fundy. Is not ihis the merest special
pleading ever resorted to in a solemn negotiation
between nations1 But to proceed further What
is a bay but a part of the ocean itself? It is a mere
opening of the ocean into the land—a mere break-
ing of the uniformity of the sea coast by an inden-
tation of watei These portions of tne ocean have
received the name of bays, merely to distinguish
them from other portions of the vast desp to which
they belong. And this is the nature of the argu-
ment by which the British Government expect to
deprive Maine of one-third of her territory
Again:   should this construction prevail, you
render the treaty of 1783 the most arrant nonsense
in the world, and the wise and distinguished states-
men by whom it was framed the merest children
ever entrusted with the management of a solemn
and important negotiation.   Although they esta-
blished the boundary between two great nations
to be the range of highlands separating the waters
of the St. Lawrence from those which flow into the
Atlantic, there is not a single river m that whole
region ot country which, according to the British
construction, answers this latter description    The
Ristigouche does not fall into the Atlantic, because
it empties itself into the Bay of Chalenr    Neither
does the Penobscot, because it empties itself into  |
the Bay  of Penobscot, nor do the Kennebec and
Amanscoggin, because, after their junction, they
fall into the Bay of Sagadahock.    The same is
true even  of the  Connecticut, because it empties
itself into Long  Island sound.    .And thus, with  ,
Mitchell's map before them,  the commissioners
have concluded a treaty, and described highlands j
as a portion of the boundary ot the United States,
whence streams proceed which fall into the Atlantic I
ocean, when, from the very face of this map, no
such streams exist in that region of our territory   1
The description of the treaty is thus to be rendered
utterly void, and the British Government expect |
thus to establish the position that its lines canaoi be I
found upon the face of the earth, and that, there-
fore, the only mode of settling the dispute is to esta- ,
blish a conventional line.                                          I
But the British Government have also themselves  .
contended that the trealy line can be found    And
where do jou think, Mr Piesident, they find if 1
Wherever it exists, it must be that ridge from the  |
northern side of which streams proceed, emptying
into the St Lawrence    They abandon this portion  ¡
of the treaty description altogether    They come
far \outh of that ridge whence  the northern tribu-  I
tanes ef the St  Johns flow, they pass the miin  j
stream of that river, they arrive at the heads of its
southern tributaries, and then  they fix upon the  j
highlands which divide the sources of these south- ,
ern tributaries of the St Johns from the head wa- |
ters of the Penobscot    The treaty line, instead of I
being highlands  which separate the  sources  of
streams flowing in opposite directions into the St
Lawrence and the Atlantic ocean, becomes high-
lands, dividing the southern branches of the St
Johns from  the northern branches   of the   Pe-
nobscot.   The highlands claimed by Great Britain
as the treaty boundary, are nearly two degrees south
of the highlands specially described in the treaty,
« hence the streams flow which empty themselves
into the St Lawrence. This is the British preten-
sion What are the consequences which flow from
such an absurd construction of the treaty? You
inteipose a great fiver, the St. Johns, with all its
tributaries north and south betweeri yon and the
highlands ftom whence the tributaries of the St.
Lawrence proceed You go south to Mars Hill to
find another range of highlands between the
sources of the Penobscot an 1 the St. Johns, entirely
different from those described in the treaty, and
when yott have gotten there, according to the Bri-
tish construction, you find highlands dividing
stieams, not one of which falls into the Atlantic
Ocean, because they all empty themselves into
bays of that ocean. You make the treaty itself
sheer nonsense, and you bring the province of
Quebec as far south as Mars Hill Ingenuity can
accomplish much. There is one fact, however, to
which no ingenuity can give even a plausible
coloimg. You cannot, by human argument, re-
move the highlands along the northern shors of the
Bay of Chaleur, which is a part oí the continuous
range mentioned in the treaty, in the latitude of
forty-eight and a half degrees, so as to connect
them in the same range with Mars Hill, in the lati-
tude of forty-six and a half Unless you can do
this, you can accomplish nothing; because the
southern line of the province of GLuebec is these
very highlands, extending themselves along the
, northern coast of the Bay of Chaleur, and through-
out their whole chain dividing the rivers flowing
I into the St. Lawrence from thosp falling into the
sea It is in these highlands, and not at Mars Hill,
that the northwest angle of Nova Scotia is to be
found, by running a line due north from the head
of the St Croix to the point where they are inter-
sected Instead of Mars Hill being a part of ihis
continuous range, in order to reach them from that
point, you would have to cross the St. Johns and
the Ristigouche, and travel a distance of more than
a hundred miles northerly in order to reach the
highlands on the northern coast of the Bay of Cha-
leur. Such absurd mes and such contradictions
flow from the British claim that it cannot endure
the light of reason for a moment
The Bay of Fundy has been twice incidentally
mentioned in the treaty, and upon this foundation
the whole of the British superstructure has been
erected. Now, sir, can any person who reads the
treaty, suppose that it was mentioned to specify a
third class of rivers flowing into it, as distinct from
the rivers flowing into the St Lawrence, and those
which empty themselves into the Atlantic ocean'
The object of mentioning the Bay of Fundy at all
is palpable from the face of the treaty. After start-
ing at the Northwest angle of Nova Scotia, and
from thence sweeping round the boundaries of the
United States, n was necessary to fix precisely
1 the point at which our eastern boundary com-
menced This was essential for «1 double pur-
pose In the first place, it was the extreme
northern point from which the line was to
be run due east into the ocean for twenty
leagues, according to the treaty, and within which
we were entitled to all the islands along our coast,
except those which were withm the limits of Nova
Scotia And in the second place, it was the point
from which our eastern lme was to commence and to
mn until it arrived at the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia It was obviously proper to fix this point
¡ with the greatest precision in the treaty, and in
order to effect this purpose, it is described as the
I mouth of the Saint Croix, m the Bay of Fundy
This was evidently done not for the purpose of
destroying the tieaty, as the British Government
contend, but for that oí marking this important
point with greater precision And here it may be
proper to observe that the river St. Johns is no
where described in the treaty as a river flowing
into the Bay of Fundy, nor is it even mentioned
in that instrument. The following is the language
of that part of the treaty
' East by a line to he drawn along the middle of the rner
S. Croix, from lis mouth in the Bay of Pundv, to its source,
and ftom its source dnectly north, to the afoiesaid highlands,
which divide the rivers that fall into the Atlantic ocean from
those which fall into the river St Lawrence, comprehending all
island  within twenty leagues of any part of the shores of the
United States, and lying between lines to be drawn due east
from the points where the aforesud boundaries between Nova
Scotia on the one part, and East Florida on the other, sb U
respectively touch the Bay of Fundy, and the Atlantic ocean,
excepting such islands as now are or heretofore hare been,
within the limits of said pro-race of Nova Scotia "
Another reason suggests itself to my mind, for
mentioning not only the mouth of the St Croix,
but its mouth %n ihe Say of fW%. Properly speak-
ing, the mouth of this river is not m the Bay of
Fundy, but in the.bay of Passama luoddy. After
entering the latter bay, and passing through it, its
current, as I am informed, enters tne Bay of Fundy
between Q,uodly Head and the island of Grand
Manan; and this would appear to be the case, from
a view of Mitchell's map. We have every reason,
thereforej to believe that the commissioners who
framed the treaty, when they introduced into it the
mouth of the St. Croix, %n the Bay of Fundy, did it
to distinguish it from the mouth of the same river
in the hay of Passamaquoddy These two month"!
are some twenty or thirty miles distant from each
other. This is, I believe, a new idea, but it is one
which struck me with great force the first time I
read the treaty, and compared it with Mitchell's
map
The remarks which I have made on the question
of our title to the disputed territory, are intended
by me merely as a supplement to the speech of the
Senator from Massachusetts. They presei t some
different views of the subject, and enlarge upon
other views of it, which he merely touched. Upon
the whole, I solemnly declare, after having
divested my mind of all partiality in favor of my
country, so far as that was possible, that I never
have examined any disputed question in which the
right appeared to me to be more clear and plain
than it does in favor of the United States in the
present controversy. Every new effort to escape
from the obvious meaning of the treaty, only in-
volves those who make it in still greater absurdity.
Notwithstanding these are my opinions in regard
to our title, I am, nevertheless, decidedly opposed
to the passage of any bill, under existing encum-
stances, directing the President to run and mark
the lines of the disputed territory. In order to jus-
tify this opposition, it is only necessary lor me to
present to the Senate, not a histoiy of this everlast-
ing negotiation with Great Britain, but its present
condition. This, of itself, will be suificient to
prove that Congress ought not, at the present mo-
ment, to arrest its progress, and take the subject
out of the hands of the Executive.
Ever since the award of the King of the Nether-
lands was rejected by the United States, it has been
the constant policy of the British Government to
urge thft it was impossible to find the lines of the
treaty upon the ground, from the vagueness of its
description. Astonishing as it may appear, they
seem to have satisfied themselves that neither the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia, nor the highlands
dividing the fountains which flow into the St. Law-
rence from those which flow into the Atlantic, can
any where be found upon the face of the earth
Assuming, then, that the treaty line is void for un-
certainty, the British Government have proposed a
conventional boundary instead of this line, and of-
fered to make an equal division of the disputed
territory with the American Government. This
proposition, for any conventional line whatever,
has been rejected by the American Government, it
has been rejected by the Government of Mame,
and I hope we may never again hear it mention-
ed The treaty is the foundation of our rights. To
that, and to that alone, we ought to cling, until it
shall be found, which I deem impossible, from the
nature of things, that the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia cannot be found, and that the idea of a di-
viding ridge between waters which flow in diffe-
rent directions on the face of the earth, is a mere
delusive fancy. Then, and not tilLthen, ought we
again to discuss the question of a conventional
line
This conventional line being disposed of, and the
State of Mame being thus secured against dismem-
berment, I hold that she has no more right to con-
trol the negotiation m regard to our Northeastern
boundary, than Pennsylvania, or any other State of
the Confederacy. It is natural that her citizens
should be more irritated at the delay, and feel a
deeper interest m the event, than those of any other
State, but soil it is a questiSA to be settle* betowseo
