June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§85
25th Cong-•••2nd ¡Bess.
Northeastern Boundary—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
the Government of the Umted States and that of
Great Britain.    It is a question which regards the
fair and just execution of a treaty between these
two Governments, in the settlement of which Maine
cannot directly interfere.    Her representations on
the subject ought to be fairly considered and justly
appreciated by the authorities of the United States,
but the 'rue treaty line must be settled, not by the
Government of Mame, but that of the twenty-six
States of th's Confederacy, which are all deeply in-
terested in the result.   And what cause has she for
alarm1   Justice may be slow, but it will be sare.
Wrenha^e the United States ever abandoned any of
their rights'    When have we tailed to asseit them
at the propel moment against any powe;, no matter
ho sv formidable'    I hold, therefore, that the Legis-
lature of Maine has transcended its legitimate power
in adopting a resolution, in March last, declaring,
that "if the Government of the United States, eUhtr
aione or m conjunction with Great  Britain or the
Slate of Maine, shall nor onorberore the fust day of
Sep'embernexr, esla'ohsh and appoint a comnyssion
for a survey of said boundaiy line, it slip 11 then be the
imperative duty of the Governor, w thout further
tielav, to appo nt forthwith su'tabie c >mmisvoners
and "¡ui.'eyors for ascertaining, ruining, and locat-
ing the northeastern  boundary line of this State,
and to cause the same to becarr.ed into operation."
Mame has thus allowed to the Govt nraent of a'l
the States only six months to create mis commission
for a survey of the boundary line; and if we should
not be able to accomp'ish it within this brief period,
then she proposes to withdraw the question from
us, and settle A for herself.   In this  particular, I
fear she has manifested more of passion than of
policy    I feel confident, however, that the good
sense and the ardent patriotism  which so strongly
characterize her peop.e, will induce them to pause
and reflect long before they carry in s determination
into effect.   If ihey should thus proceed, I venture
to say it will be a course eminently calculated not
only to embarrass  the Government of the United
States, bnt to jeopard their own rights.   The time
may come—although I trust the justice of the Bn-
t sh Government will prevent it—when it may be
the imperative duty of the United States to run and
mark th  line, and assume jurisdiction over Ule dis-
puted territory     It ever that penod should arrive,
we must then be pret ared, as a nation, to meet tne
consequences, -whatever they may be.    It  must
then be the act, no' of one S'ate, '^ut of all.    In the
mean time, it is the policy,  it is the interest, of
Mame to act m such a manner as to carry with her
he united sympathies of the American people
But what cause has Mime for complaint m the
present state of the negotiation1 Have we not got
clear of the question of dividing the disputed terri-
tory between the two countries, or of establishing
any other conventional ¡me—a consummation
which she so much desired' Are we not now >n
pursuit of the old line of the treaty' Mame wi'l
not deny that this is the proper course Uncer all
the c rcnmstances, the Administration have, m my
opinion, adopted the only muiis within their reach
calculated to atinn this end.
Ti,e late President of the Unted States had pro-
posed to Gieat Br.tam to create a joint commis-
sion to run, mark, and establish the Northeastern
Boundarj', according to the treat} of 1783, whose
decision should be final. Afier long de!aj,and
after many attempts to avoid a di.ect answer to
this proposition, the British Government, finally, oi
the loth January bst, through the,r Minister, Mr.
Pox, has given such an ansi.er, and that too in an
amicable anil friendly spirit Still clinging to the
hope of a conventional line, he professes little ex-
pectation that such a commission could lead to any
useful resuH, jet he declare;, that h'r Majesty's Go-
vernment "are so unwilling to rej-ct the only plan
now left, which seems ¡o "fiord a chance of making
any farther advance in this long pendí g matter,
that they will not witnhoid their consent to such a
commission, if the principle upon which n is to be
formed, and the manner in which it is to proceed,
can be satisfactorily settled " Here then is a dis-
tinct proposition on the one part, and an equally
distinct acceptance of it on the other, with mod fi-
cations which I need not now specially mention,
it being almost impossible that the principle upon
which the commission is to to be formed, or the
manner of its proceeding, could be satisfactorily ar-
ranged, by diplomatic notes, Mr. Pox very properly
proposes aconvention forlthat purpose. As the British
Government had previously rejected that portion of
the American proposition which offered to make the
award of the commissioners final, the commission
will be one merely of exploration and survey, if
that Government should still adhere to its first de-
termination. But even this question may probably
be open for discussion in the formation of the con-
vention; because throughout the note of Mr. Fox
there is no direct declaration that his Government
will not consent to make the decsion of the com-
missioners final. Then the who'e substance of the
matter is, that ihe two Governments have agieed
to create a joint commission, by means of a con-
vention, fcr the purposs of exploring ard survey-
ing the disputed lines of the tiesUj It mav jo
asked for «hat purpose shall sacn a commis on
be estabhshei 1 Let M. Fox himself answei ,ms
question
' Tie ijjectof J i* commissi >n so he !a~i dei ood by
hei Maje.. 3 V Government, wou t' be o cxpln e the d=put3i
tenuor> m or l"i t > lind, vvi hi 1 its limit divi 1 ng hmhlai h-,
wh chmay answer the description oj tlieirei'y, th seaich
beirt^ first to be made in the due north line f~om the mopu.
ment at tne head of the St Ci 01 r, and if no such highlands
should be found m that meridian, the «earch to be then con
tiiiued to the westwar i thereof, ar 1 her Majesty's Government
havesta'ed their opinion, that, in order t avoid all fruitless
d spute asfo ihe character nf tie highlands, the commissioners
snn Id te m^t naed to look for highlands which both parties
might acknowledge as fulfilling the ondit ons oí the treaty "
Now, sir, does not the State of Maine believe
that, in running a due north line from the monu-
ment at the head of the St. Croix, such a line will
mf-et hi"hlands answering the descr.ption of the
treaty? For my onn part, I hat e not a doubt
upon 'he subiect This is the line li st to be run
and explored, and vet, because a mere sugges ion
has li n toseque .j' miae "„at 1' is the opinion
oí the Batish Government that' the ccniimssione's
should be insirueteu to U ok for highlands which
both parties might a. 1 aowltdge as the highlands of
the treaty," a ckmor has been raised as if this
expression must necessarily render the whole pro-
ceeding void and nugatory. Undoubtedly it would
be desirable to find such highlands, because that
w onld at once terminate the controversy. I scarcely
expect it, bui I do expect tnat an accurate survey j
and exploration of the tieaty lines wdl produce ,
such information, that the British Government, if |
aeti ated by a spirit of justice, which I do not )
doubt, will abandon their pretensio-s
This question has been trea'ed as if tbe two Go-  I
ve'nments, ?fter having discussed ehbora'ely the
mode of constituting the Board of Commissiom-is,  I
should enter into a solemn  rctj, that fh sectm-  1
missicners must be res'ric ed  in  their  search foi
highlands, to such alone, as boih  parties might j
acknowledge to be the highlands oí the treat"   This I
would indeed be a sohmn farce    It is wnat, juog-
tng from iha rote of Mr Fo\, the Br t sh Govern-  1
ment never intended    Th'= observation is merely
thrown <n   as a  succsLon,   the   first object  of ¡
tie   comm' sied, rs suifü   bv  himself,  being- a |
seaich for the highlands  of tne trea'y in a due
north line from the monument at he source of the !
S1"   Croix.   To  plenipotentiary   oí  that Govern- '
ment—un! ss indeed he should adopt the reasoning j
furnished to 1 im b} Maine, tnat the  true nipanpg
of the British piopo^ition was only to appo.nt com-
m ssioners to look *br highlands on which  bo'h  1
parties m ght agree—will ever contend for such a ¡
proposition.   The commission wculd m ltse'f not
on'y be useless, bit absurd, if both parties must j
first agree upon the highlands.   No, su, no, sir the
creation of the commission for the purpose of ex-  I
plonng and surveying the disputed lines, is the
substance, apd the only nr1 erial part, of the agree-
ment between tne two nations.    Ho ,v this commis-
sion is to be formed, whether it is to consist of j
equal numbers appointed  by <• ch Government,  j
with an umpire to be selected  by  some  inendly '
European powei, or by the commissioners them-
selves, or whether the commissioners shall be alto-
gediei  selected by a friendly sovereign, and in
what manner they are to evploie the disputed lines,
are all matters of detail  to be settled by the con-
vention.   The British Minister, it is true, expresses
opm'ons upon these subjects, but no absolute de-
termination. The difference between a suggestion!
or an opinion, and a sine qua mm, is distinctly un-
derstood m diplomatic language. Mr. Forsyth is,
therefore, completely justified in staling So Mr. Wil-
liams, m his letter of the 26th May last:
"That, from the negotiation to which the British Government
has been 'nvited, the President anticipates the establishment of
ajomt commission, with an umpire, whose power will be re-
stricted to the purposes of exp'ora'ion and survey only without
authonty, finally, to d cide on the rights of the paities, as con-
templated m the original American piopositnn The sugces
ti ins that have been made, on either side, with respect to the
mode of constituting that commission the principles upou-which
1 is to act, and the instructions to Oi. £'>"u to it, are all to he dis-
cussed and decided as iu<=t.ce betwee ne parties and their re-
P"ctive rights shall be de med to requue The object of the
f resident in offering to make t,uch an arrangement, as you will
see by rry no'e to Mi Fox of the 27th April last, is to test the
correctness of the opinion of the State of Maine that the Ime de-
scribed in the trea v 01 1783 can be found and traced whenever
the Governments oí the Lnued States and Great Bi itain shall pro-
ceed to make the req usite investigations v ith a piei t=po3ltion
to effect thi. desired objet'
Mr. Fox, in his note of the 10th of January last,
states that ''it would obviously be indispensable
that the State of Maine should be an assenting
party to the arrangement." In my opinion, no
such necessity exited. Were it our purpose to
dismember that State, or to deprive h°r of any por-
tion of her ten ¡torj-, such a necessity would have
beenub.ious. But when notlnng is proposed, ex-
cept to survey and explore the hues of the treaty of
1783, this is the performance of a duty which de-
volves exclusively upon the General Government.
Maiie would have no tight to interfere with it,
even if she te!t tne inclination, which certainly she
does not feel. But I admit it was highly proper
and respectful to that Stale to submit to her the
modified proposition of the Bntish Government,
and ascertain her opmion on the subject, and thi«,
not that the Unit d States would be bound by it,
but that it should receive the most respecuul consi-
deration. Accor h'igly, before this propos'tioa
was accepted, ti.e Secretary of State, on the first
day o" March last, in a communication to the
Governor of Maine, which does turn gr^at honor,
l d the wh'le sublet before that S'ate In the
eoy-c,uding sent°n-e, he observes-
"Shout i the Sa^ t f Mai^e lie of o,. ^ on nat ad' t'onal
sunevs and expiora 10 s m sh be i^A.1 tu er m        f g to
a «atlb'actory ? hustler t of the co"it-over^, a üidlti- to he
term" of the freai>, or m "nahhn" Un piru^to c* ci e more
undersianmugly upon the expedience "f oiei irg 3 e"otia ion
foj the t^tdlhV mere of a line tha woi id sui tueir mutual
convenience and be reconcJth e £0 thei* 0niL1.1i £ nt rc^f t
anddestrethe a canon for t) at purpo e of a commission,
uponth* j*?MC>2,les, and ici'h the limited'now^s de*uile'\
in- thel ft* of Ir Fox, the Pi ewdrntx Ul, teiiho 1 T s ta
tinn ip/mo uegotiatiop inth GieaiBrtainjcithPñccom
phshiaept of tl at object >
In what manner did the State of Ma n  respon I
to this communication'' TheGo.ernor, on the 14lh
March last, in a message, with the general to"«e
and c!,ai<->c er of whicp I < n much pleased, pre-
sented the whole suoject to tne Lpffisia'ure, To
show he was saliste I that such a commission of
exploiati n a.id surve shcifd be established as
that assented 10 b> the Bi lisn Government, for the
purpose of adjusting 'he cen'rev^j, pccoidmg to
the leíais 01 tne tieaty, I sha'i iead a short para-
graph from his message.    He sav«
'In reject to the oropo& non fui addi tonal surveys, it
oee"is to me inexpea en' ff r mis ^ti e to accrue t r m tl e pro
Dos"d neeona ion for a ct i\entit 1 i me un i it ^ demonstia
ted that the tr aty rs ia 1 'tet'y impiacncable aidvjtl 'or
unceitaint, 1 con ¡ate no doubt tl at the Imerv-ht to be
tun ei hei I y a jotnt conir s^ t?i cfccploia'iop andsvrvi ,
or nit epmde^f^t hu c 11 Ge* c a' Goi"inment / / >' oicn
uiieyor*, I ei 1 cut to me tha Grout Britain is de
'ei mined to aloid, if posible íu"' on cramn ahov, and
rvpiorc'ion ann establishment of ,!:c I ne and sveh proof of
U t 1 eat facto of the 1  se "
I tiust that the Covernci jalges too haishlvof
the intentions of ^rr at Bnta n "Whether he be
correct or not, the event of the negotiation can
alme determine.
That the Legis'atu-e ef Ma ne weie also satis-
fied that this joint commission shr.,^ be created,
pro"ided Congress, during its piesent session,
shouli not pass this bill tor the survev oí the north-
eastern boundary, independent of the consent of
Great Britain, appears manifest from their resolu-
tions. On the 23d March last, they resolved against
any conventional line, and insisted on the line
established by the treaty, they also resolved against
the appointment of any new arbiter under the
treaty of Ghent; and their third resolution de-
clares:
"Thatour Senators and Representatives in Congress be re
quested to urge the f assage of the bill for the «uvvey of tl,^
