S88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Msqfe 1^-
25th ConG""2nd Sess.
Northeastern, Boundary—Mr. Howard.
H. oPRq .
the question, and confined their attention to a few
points which were more especially brought to the
notice of the House by the recent correspondence
between Mr. Forsyth and Mr. Fox, now commu-
nicated to us by the President, and to those few
points he would also restrict himself, digressing on-
ly to some collateral subjects upon which those gen-
tlemen had expressed opinions from which he dis-
sented. The first error into which they had fallen
■was in considering this a question appertaining to
the State of Maine, almost to the exclusion of the
Federal Government, in feeling and interest. He
did not so ¿súmate it. It was the boundary of the
United States which was in controversy, as well as
the boundary of the State of Maine; it was with the
United States that the treaty of 1783 was made; it
■was upon the Government and people of the Uni-
ted Slates that ihe responsibility rested of conduct
ing the negotiation to adjust the limits, and of bear-
ing the consequences, if all friendly negotiation
should fail, and the two nations be unhappily
involved in a war on account of it. For one,
[Mr. H. said,] he did not fear a war with Great
Britain or any t.ther power; and if such should un-
fortunately be the result of this long dispute, he
had an unwavering confidence that the people of
the United Status would do their duty to themselves,
their ancestors, and their posterity. But he desired
to say to those gentlemen whose feelings were ne-
cessarily more deeply interested in the controversy
than his own, because they came from States
whose pride was deeply roused, that their sister
States and the. National Government must be per-
mitted to pursue such course as they might deem
advisable, and exhaust every possible mode of ami-
cable arrangement, before plunging into an alter-
native so much to be deprecated. It was easy to
account for ami excuse the great anxiety of Maine
upon this subject. Her territorial extent and va-
luable possessions were drawn into question; her
frontier population were so much excited that the
peace of the country, often seriously menaced, had
been hitherto preserved only by the exercise of
great and praiseworthy prudence. As for himself,
although coming from a part of the Union which
was many hundred, perhaps nearly a tiiousand,
miles distant from the land in dispute, he neverthe-
less felt all that interest in the question which its
nationality was calculated to inspire; and, unless
he greatly mistook the character of the American
people, they would stand by their brethren even in
the distant regions of Mame or Arkansas, when-
ever the Union was called upon to fulfil its duties
toils members.
But he must say, in all kindness to the gentlemen
who bad spoken, that they must not run ahead of
the feeling of their sister States, and take upon
themselves the decision of -meslions which the Go-
vernment of the United States was alone competent
to adjust. He viewed the. resolution passed by the
Legislature of Maine, directing the Governor to
run out the boundary line, as a step of questiona-
ble propriety. If it were intended as a mere sur-
vey for the gratification of curiosity, unattended
by any practical consequences, it would be unne-
cessary and harmless, except for the danger of be-
ing misconstrued. But he did not so consider it.
It was not probable that such a step would be taken
for such a puipose, nor was it looked upon as an
idle, unproductive, running cf the line. If it was
intended to accompany or follow the survey by
taking possession of the territory in dispute, he
protested most solemnly against this transfer of
one of the most important powers of the Federal
Government to any State whatever. It was im-
possible to permit the peace of the Union to be
put m jeopardy by any frontier State along our
border which might choose to assume to Itself the
responsibility of settling, by a summaiy process, a
dispute between the United Stares andan adjacent
foreign power. The gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Evans] had spoken of the ptpsent as a " crisis"
in this affair, and said that, upon the action of this
House at the present session the whole future con-
dition of this dispute depended. He has read to
us the resolution as passed by Maine, npon the
construction of which he [Mr. Í-L] wished to say a
word or two. . It is as follows:
"Resolved, That our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gtt« V« íeij«e«t¡4 to wp the passage of the hill''for Ihe sur-
vey of the Northeastern boundary of the United States, etc.
now pending in Congress; and that if.said bill shall not be-
come a law during the present session of Congress, and if the
Government of the United States, either alone or in conjunc-
tion with Great Britain or the Sta e of Mame, shall not, on or
before the first day of September next, establish and appoint a
com mission for a survey of said boundary line, it shall then be
the imperative duty of the Governor, without further delay, to
appoint, forthwith, suitable commissioners and surveyors for
ascertaining, running, and locating the Northeastern boundary
line of this State, and to cause the same to he carried into opera-
tion."
This resolution was passed on the 23d of March,
1838.
It appears, from the documents before us, that on
the 27th of April, 1838, Mr. Forsyth addressed a
note to Mr. Fox, in which he refers to the opinion
expressed by the Legislature of Maine upon some
other points, and then says:
- " Confidently relying, as the President does, upon the as-
surancesfrequently lepeatedby the British Government, of the
earnest desire to reach that result (finding and tracing the line
described in the treaty of 1763) if it is practicable, he has in-
structed the undersigned to announce to Mr Fox the willing-
ness of this Government to enter into an arrangement with
Great Britain for the establishment of a joint commission of
survey and exploration, upon the basis of the original Ameri-
can proposition, and the modifications offered by her Majesty's
Government."
He concludes the note by inviting Mr. Fox to a
conference for the purpose of concluding a conven-
tion embracing that object. Mr. Fox, on the 1st
May, replies that, at present, he has no power lo
conclude such a convention, but will transmit the
note of Mr. Forsyth to his Government.
This is the state of the case which has been de-
nominated by the gentleman from Maine a crisis.
He thinks that the Governor of Maine will pro-
ceed, on the 1st of September, to execute the reso-
lution of the Legislature, and "ascertain, run, and
locate the boundary." It might be so. The gen-
tleman from Maine, no doubt, knew more of the
purposes of the Governor of his State than he [Mr.
H.] could possibly do; but he must be allowed to
say that, if the Governor did take that course, it
would not be justified by his obligations to the Fe-
deral Government, nor a fair construction of the
resolution of the Legislature itself. That resolu-
tion contemplated the probability of a survey made
by the United States in conjunction will  Great
Britain; and this was one of the cases in which the
Governor was instructed to omit the survey un-
der the authority of the State. We have
then a proposition on the part of the Secretary
of State to institute a survey "in conjunction," and
early in May the nole of Mr. Forsyth is trans-
mitted to England for the necessary instructions of
powers to Mr. Fox. The course pursued by the
President is, in the highest degree, respectful ant'
conciliating to the State of Maine, and ought to re-
ceive her cordial approbation She thinks that the
line of the treaty can be traced and found upon the
surface of the earth. Very well. The President
acquiesces, and takes the necessary steps for obtain-
ing the gratification of her wishes, by proposing to
the British Government to rnn the line "in con-
junction." And yet the gentleman from Maine
says that, with all this effort to carry her desires
into effect, without waiting for the result, she is de-
termined to run riot, and put the peace of the na-
tion in jfopardy. It cannot be. Suppose that,
when the first of September shall arrive, the con-
templated convention should not have been finally
concluded, owing to whatever cause of delay or
difficulty may have intervened, will it be said that
Maine, like a rigorous task master, will hold the
Governments of both the United States and Great
Britain to the very letter and hour cf her requisi-
tion? Such was not the course of reasonable men.
It would be assuming a tone so unbecoming, that
the great object which Maine ought to have in
view—of carrying with her the sympathy and feel-
ings of the people of the United States—would be
entirely frustrated.
But it had been said that the proposition made
by Mr. Forsyth is not in conformity with the wishes
of Maine, because he aims at a joint commission of
survey and exploration, upon the bans of the origi-
nal American proposili-m, and Ihe modifications off/r-
ed hy her Majesty''!! Government; and it is further
said that neither that basis nor those modifications
are acceptable to Maine.    Let us consider this.
The first reflection whieh arises in the mind is
the strange existence of such a debate upon such a
topic in the House of Representatives.     A propo-
sal is made by the agent, of one Government to
that of another to form a convention or treaty; and, -
whilst the subjecris pending,.this House,-which is
excluded by the Constitution frpm all share in the
treaty-making power, rushes into the discussion,
criticises the negotiation, finds fault with the terms,
and condems the course of the agent of itsbwn Go-
vernment; or, rather, some members of the House,
for no vote is asked or desired upon the. subject.
Bat still ihe matter is publicly debated, andrheun-'
prosperous. i"sue of the negotiation predicted.
Would it not have been well.to have.permitted the
constitutional functionaries of the Government to
have formed the convention before thus censuring
them for it in its inchoate state? Does not
every negotiation, as it proceeds, vary its aspect,
the two parties mutually receding from or changing
their groutsd as the stages advance? And have,,
gentlemen ever reflected upon the injurious conse-
quences of debating propositions in their unsettled,
form? In Louisiana there is a practice of relin-
quishing the dower of a wife upon a general family
consultation. If all the assembled branches of her
family agree to the renunciation, it is valid in law.
So he was informed. But a family consultation of
all the branches of the Government was ,not the
most expedient mode of carrying on a negotiation,
particularly when their arguments were given.to the
public, and, of course, to the adverse party. la
the convention, if one should be formed, the basis
and modifications would, of course, be clearly set "*>
forth. Now, it is difficult to undersiand what they
were. Mr. Fox's own* understanding is this, as
expressed in bis note of 10th Jaiíuáry,Í838:
'The object of this c*mmissi<jn, as understood by her Ma-
' esty's Government, would1 be to explore the disputed territory
in order to find, within, its- limits, dividing highlands "which
may answer the tlescription of the treaty, the search being flrst
to be. made in the due north dine from the monument at the
head of the St. Croix; and if no such highlands should be found
m i hat meridian, the search to be then continued to the west-
win d thereof; and her Majesty's Government have stated their
opinion, thst, m order ro avoid all fruitless disputes as to the
character of such highlands, the commissioners should be
liislruced to ln^;,- for highlands which both parties might ac-
knowledge as fulfilling the conditions of the treaty."
The first thing to be done by the commisioners,
therefore, will be to find "within the limits of the
disputed territory dividing highlands which may
answer the description of the treaty?" Is not this
exactly what the State of Maine desires? "'the search
being first made inthe due north linefrdm the monu-
ment of fhe St. Croix." This is exactly the line
claimed by the United States and Maine. Is there
any doubt of the existence of such highlands in the
spot where they are alleged by us to exist? There
can be none. Mr. H. said that he had personal
knowledge of their existence. Whilst walking upon
the ramparts of Quebec, in the year 1828, in com-
pany with an officer in the civil employment of
the Canadian Government, a range of distant hills
to the soulh was pointed out to him by this officer
as the highlands to which our line was claimed to
run. Their distance from Quebec he did not
know, but they were distinctly visible. Whether
th ir vicinity to Quebec constitutes any piirt of the
objectio'i of the British Government to permit the
people of Maine to be such near neighbors to that
important citadel, he did not know; he believed
that such an objection had never been expressed.
But there are highlands there. If Maine is sure of
this, why object to the search?
But the utility of the joint commission is further
commented on by Mr. Fox, in the same note of the
lOthof January, in the following extract:
'•But with respect to the way m which the report of the com-
missi™ might be likely ' lead .to an ultimate settlement of the
question, her Majesty's Government, in the first place, conceive
th.tr it was meant by the Government of the United States, that
lithe commission shoulddiscovei highlands answering to the
description of thetreaiv, a connecting ime .drawn from these
ii'iliiandslo the head ofdieSu Cto,x should beseemed to bo a
poiium of thebjuudaiy line between the two countries. But
her Majesty's Government would further begto refer the United
State? Secretary of State to the notes of Mr. McLane, of the 5th
of J'ine, lfi!3,andof the 11th and 38th of March, 1834, on this
subject; in which it will be seen that the Government of the
tinted States appears to have contemplated, as one of the possi-
ble results of theproposed commission oí exploration, thatsuch
additional information might possibly be obtained, respecting
he features of the country in the district to which the treaty re-
lates, as misht remove all doubt as to the impracticability of
laying down u boundary in accordance with the tetter of (he
treatv."                             -                                 *
What is here said to be ihe understanding of the
British Government as to the "basis" and "modi-
fications" so maclj.^omplaiaed of?   Jt ¡$j ifcat if
