June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
25th Cong-"«2nd Sess.
Pre-emption to actual settlers—Mr. Harrison.
H. of Reps.
What reliance can be placed ia the statements of
such an officer? He either does not understand
what he is talking about, or purposely misstates
the fact.
The second mistake m^le by this officer, is so
palpable from his own data, that I wonder it did
not occur to him as he was penning it. He says
there are "at ¡east four millions of acres covered
by pre-emptions," and that the Government lost in
1835, "full three millions" by the system. How is
it possible? A loss of three millions of dollars up-
on four millions of acres of land bought at the Go-
vernment price! The idea is preposterous. I should
} e glad if the gentleman from New Jersey, who
has dwelt so long and so feelingly on this point,
would make the calculation, Let him try it, and
see if he can make out a loss of three millions of
dollars upon the purchase of four millions of acres
ai $1 25 per acre.
Sir, I assort it to be true, and the documents
now before me will show it to be so, that up to this
period the re have not been more than about three
millions of acres o! land taken up by pre-emptions;
and that the loss te the Government—if it can be
called a loss—scarcely exceeds two hundred thou-
sand dollars! Documents from the Land Office,
♦laid upon our tables this session, will demonstrate
what I have said; and in the face of these facts, we
have it constantly wrung in our ears that millions
have been lost by the system. Sir, wishing u ob-
serve some system in my remarks, I will not now
dwell longer on this point; but, after touching upon
other topics, will again call your attention to it be-
fore I take my seat.
It has been the policy, Mr. Chairman, of all
Governments, to encourage thr system of settling
its waste la'idi. The wisdom of such a course has
been abunnan'h- established by the fan's of the
measure. Span. France, and Rujian'', pursued
this policy with all the lands which they owned on
our continent. Nor were they sa'isned with making
mere donations; for they not only gave away the
lands gratuitously, but rewards were offered, and
indulgences extended, to those who would go upon
the lands, settle, and improve them. They justly
measured the value of land by the labor and im-
provements put upon it, and the strength and
power of a country by the population it contains.
To accomplish purposes oí so important a charac-
ter; they wisely pursued the course I have men-
tioned.
If a system, sir, so universally adopted, is right
with respect to other Governments, is it not also
right with regard to our own? Indeed, it should be
a favorite measure with us; for never, in the histo-
ry of the world, was there a Government that
should so perseveringiy pursue and carry out 'he
sys:em. It peculiaily becomes us; it comports with
ail the principles upon which our Government is
established, and iecognises the importance of the
station of being a citizen of the country. I go
farther: I maintain that—each individual of our
country being a constituent member of the Go-
vernment—an integral portion of the sovereign
power—it is our high and solemn duty, as le-
gislators, to adn_.it such legislation as will make
every citizen a freeman indeed, by making him in-
dependent—by extending to him those facilities
which Will place htm beyond the power of want,
and enable him to live as becomes one invested
with a portion of the sovereign power, haying high
and important duties to discharge to himself and
his country. It is not the number, but the condition,
fie comfortable condition, of the number, that con-
situte* the real wealth and true gieatness of a peo-
ple. Paupers and vagabonds may fill up a coun-
try, but they neither add to its wealth, nor do they
contribute to its strength. The rays which illumi-
nate the path of a nation to greatness and glory,
can only issue from a people blessed with the com-
forts of life, and above the necessities which iead
to vice. Let them be independent, and they are
virtuous; let them be independent, and they are
soon well informed; for they have then the time to
spare, and the pride to stimulate them, to devote
their attention to the great cause oí education.
Are not these considerations worthy of the pro-
found regard of the American legislator? What
possible mode coald you adopt so well calculated
to develope all that is great and noble in the cha-
racter of a people, as that of making every citizen
of the country a freeholder—the lord of the soil on
which he lives?
That the pre emption system is right—although
not as liberal as I could wish it—and no innova-
tion, is proven from the fact that not only has the
Federal Government, but every State in the Union
having public lands, adopted it.
[Here Mr. Lincoln rose and said he would beg
leave to say to the gentleman from Missouri that he
was mistaken; that Massachusetts never had any
such laws; and hoped that the gentleman would
make the necessary correction in his printed speech.]
Mr. H. continued: Mr. Chairman, if I am in an
error, I will correct it. But I do not think I have
committed any error on the subject. I made a
particular examination of the laws of all the States
on this head; and found that every one owning
public lands, without exception, had either passed
pre-emption laws to protect the settler, or had
adopted principles of a similar character.
I have references to those laws, and among them
to the laws of Massachusetts and to the page, which
I will re-examine when I close. But, sir, I call
upon "other gentlemen from the old States to notice
the references which I shall give, and to deny, if
they can, the policy which I say has been pursued
by their States. Gentlemen can readily see what
application 1 mean to make of these facts.
The States that I am alluding to not only passed
laws of the kind I a.a speaking of, but their legis-
lation on the subject was of the most liberal cha-
rac'ei; much more so than the legislation of Con-
gress.
Virginia, for more than a hundred years back,
adopted and pursued this policy; in some cases giv-
ing lo thes tuer two hunored ac'f, and exempting
h'tnirom iaye- for 'r.'-so.ly j"ara.
New York, also, had her pre-emption laws; and
so particular was she to protect the settler, that she
passed a law compelling any person who might
buy ever his head to pay him for his improvements.
Maryland had her pre-emption laws, certainly as
fai back as 1738, and perhaps much earlier.
South Carolina also; and in the preamble to the
law which she enacted, the reasons for such a mea-
sure are forcibly and most eloquently set forth.   .
Georgia, too, is found among the number. She
went farther than the granting ot pre-emptions—
s.'ie allowed head rights; and so extremely anxious
was she to have her waste lands settled and culti-
vated, that the Governor was authorized and re-
quired by act of her General Assembly to invite set-
tlers to the ¿itieoy proclamation.
North Caioima ;s also found sustaining the good
cause. Aiil so pa-.ticular was this State on the
subject, that she made it one of til's condition-, ex-
pressly, in her deed of cession, that the Federal
Government should protect ietl'ers in their pre-
emption rights.
Gtuiu sure that I am not mistaken in my refer-
ence to Massachusetts, I will speak of wha' she has
done, and correct it hereafter, if in an error.
Her law* w>re f the me--t liberal character, g;ving
to each sottbr a lot of one hundred acres for five
dollars, requiring him to erect a House within one
year, and to have ten acres in cultivation within
five year*.
[Here Mr. Liscolv again, rose a ad remarked: If
the gentleman will permit me, I will show that he
is uader an entire mistake. He has gone and jot
this old book, containing our colonial laws two
hundred years old, to prove that Massachusetts had
pre-emption taws. I protest against those laws be-
ing brought here to prove the point the gentleman
is aiming to prove.]
Mr. Harrison continued. Mr. Chairman, T da
net now recollect, an.1canr.n_i say, what book it
was, from which I got th<> extract I have quoted.
I still think I am right; but if wrong, will do as I
have promised.*
•The day after I deliveied my speech. I made a particular
examination into thi laws of Massachusetts, and ¡bund thai, by
a law passed in 1315, contnassippers wore appointed, who were
to lav oft" the public lands ma given number of lots, each ¡ot
containing lOOacres. Each a'tcrnate lof was to be sold lot £5.
to such as would settle upon the same, and give bond to erect a
house within one year, and have ten acres m cultivation m five
years. X gave the book to Mr. Prentiss of Mississippi, as he
waespeakmg, wl-o read the section referred to, andauetained
Pennsylvania, too, adopted a libera! policy with
iter public lands. And as late as last year, there
was a meeting of a portion of her citizens, who
avowed the same principle that I am now con-
tending for, in amatter which related-to Jfceir per-
sonal interest; and for the benefit of the members
from that State, I ask that it may be read.
''Land MEETrs*ti.~Ata very tl;-merous meeting of the ctti-
zens of Bradford co. Pa. held on Saturday, the 7th day of Octo-
ber, 1837, at the bouse of Dr. Theodoie Wilder, in Springfield
township, Eiam iiennet. esq. was catted to the Chair, and John
h. Webb and Zeno Remington chosen Secretaries.
The object of the meeting having boen stated, the following
preamble and resolutions were unanimously adopted.
Whereas, a large portion of thesetiiers m Northern Pennsyl-
vania entered upon the lands, then a wild and rugged forest,
with the full belief that the leg.slanve enactments oí the Com*
monwoalih guarantied to them the quiet enjoyment of their do-
miciles when rendered valuable by the iaboroftheir own hands,
at the prices for which the State sold her lands:
■And whereas, their just hopes have been prostrated by the
judicial decisions of our higher courts, which have confirmed
the claims of an European aristocracy to large bodies cf these
lands, contrary to the pitmary mténtifln of the Legislature,
by reason whereof the hardy yeomanry of the country, after
years of toil and privations, find themselves unabl'e to meet the
demands made upon them, andaré liable tobe cast in destitu-
tion upon the worid, (many of them at an advanced age,) with-
out die means of support; thereupon,
Resolved, That the Legislature, as the guardians of the rights
of all tile citizens of the Commonwealth, are confidently looked
to as ihe tribunal from which a just remedy in behalf of the
just lights of the settlers is to emanate.
Resideed, That the lands in Northern Pennsylvania having
been rendered valuable by the labor of the settlers, it is unjust
that they should be ejected therefrom without an equivalent for
their labors; and that the Legislature be earnesliy and respect-
fully memorialized to "pass a law providing for the payment of
a just compensation for their betterments, before they are ai-
iowed to be dispossessed.
I come now to Kentucky, the land of my nativi-
fy, and I am indeed gratified to have it in my
power to show the noble stand which she took in
i.er earliest legislation, and has ever since main-
tained, to protect the hardy settler,-who, in spite of
difficulties and dangers, sought a home in the soli-
tude of the wilderness. No Stale has been'more
liberal. Eve^' indulgence was granted that was
asked for. And it is with no less pride than plea-
sure that I mention the remarkable fact, that her
legislation on this subject increased in liberality
from the time it was commenced. At first, settlers
were allowed so much land for a certain sum,
which was to be paid down. Afterwards they were
indulged with a short credit. In a short time, -3,
longer credit was given,and the pr>'ce reduced.
Again, (he credit was still fan her extended, and (he
price reduced to a trifle. It is now almost no'hing,
being but ten cents the acre; and the proceeds go
to the counties, in which the land lies, to make
bridges, and other works of internal improvement.
Here is a worthy example No' only are pre-
emptions avowed, but pre-empiion and graduation,
go together hand in hand, to ait! the bold and harc'y
pioneer to procure a home, and the State to get a
urea' and independent citizen.
Such, sir, has been the legislation of the different
3'ates i if the Union on :he subject. And, now, I
would a=k wbv ¡if- it be<m done! Say, what rrtr-
f've prompted such legislations "What influence
stimn'ated io the adopt-on of such a polir-t;¡ Is :t
wrong?—wrong in theory, wror-j in prac tie?
Why then have s" many States, v. iihotu any con-
nection in the r legislation, without any c .nc.fvi' n
in interest, adopted a-td carried on and su-tained it
tor such a series of years! Answer me. What
inducement !e;> to the system? Will any gentie-
ín^n here undertake io deny tie justice of thi
principle'? Sir, a measure which has received the
sanction of so manv different jrovernmenis—has
been so often a>:d so long favored by tce:r leitiski-
*i->!>—that has been asked for nnd s> s'a.ncd b} so
mitiy different people, rnu^t not ou'v be right in
policy, but right  ■ hin itseh", f' utided upon the
?terr>al and immutable principles of ju-i ce, and
resti.ig 'jpon thdt consciousness wi h'n, wh'ch not
onlv enables us to see, but to feel, the mh'eousness
of toe act we perform All that ever stimulated a
people to seek a high and noble destroy, was the
ssltetit and originating principle (hat prompted the
different Slates to adopt the system. And now, sir,
that the Stales have no «sore public iands, has the
principle changed?    What spirit of evil has con: a
me in my pc.sitian. In my opiaisn. it is ofa more I_berat cha-
racter than the laws of Congress ¡d!o\vng pre-emptions. What
Western man is there, desirous of getting a farm, that would
not give asimilar bond!
