June, 1838.
APPLNjÜIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL.
25ih Cos'G''-*2vd Siss.
Independent Treasvry-~*Mr. Dromgoole,
40 r
II. of Reps.
notes received in payment of ¡he public dues shall
never be placed in banks a*htl op geveml or special
deposüe    It is necessary to declare that tlies* nules
shall not be placed <n general deposite, m ordei to
create an entue <u d aosomle separation of the mo-
ney oí  the people from the  business of banking
Without s,ucn an enactment, the old deposite s}s-
t*tn wi>lTems «n regard to a'l the banks of tne
count y whien ha/e neither-  i^ucd nor paid  opt
notes of a less, denomination thai fire dollars since
the4thjuly, 1836, andweshoull  thus hive that
system in operation in some parts of the Union a-d
not in others      And in what condition would this,
absurd anomaly place tne Treasury Departmen i
Tn Indiana, m Illinois, in Arkansas, and in Missou-
ri the banks hay not violated this provision of the
deposite law      In Georgia and Sortlh Carolina, I
am informed, there are several banks, and in Hew
York and other States there are some, in the same
condition    The Secretary of the Treasury wnl be
imperatively bound to employ these banks as gene-
ral depo^tones of the public money as soon as they
shall have resumed specie payments      The depo-
site act leaves him no discretion upon this subject.
Thus m some States, and in regard to some banks,
this law will be again m force, whilst the public
money collected mother large poittonsof the Union
cannot be deposited m their banks.     You wdl
then have a law m force in some portions of the
Union, whilst it i  a dead letter in others      Will
the people submit to this inequality'!  No, sir  they
will not    If banks in some sections of the country
have a right to trade upon the public money, they
u ill claim the same privilege in other sections
Thus you will have constant agitation      I ask,
then, ought Congress to adjourn without even mak-
ing an attempt to correct this anomaly, and to pro-
vide for uniformity, by  declaring that no bank
wha'ever shall be a general depository of the pub-
lic monej7
I have always been opposed to a special deposit
of bank paper with the banks Those w ho are
hostile to general deposits of this paper, ought, for
the very same reason, to be equally opposed to spe-
cial deposits In either case, the banks can dis-
count and make issues upon your deposits, almost
with equal facility For example A bank is em-
ployed as a special depository which has a circula-
tion of half a million It knows that one fourth
of this circulation, belonging to the Government,
is, on an average, lying on special deposit m its
vaults A knowledge of this fact will enable it to
discount and to issue just as much more as if the
same sum were placed on general deposit If it
had kept in circulation half a million before, it
could, and it would, increase its circulation one
hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars; the
amount of the notes which the Government keeps
dead in its vaults
The second section of this amendment also pre-
scribes m what manner the Secretary of the Trea-
sury shall use the bank notes which he may re-
ceive m paj ment of the public revenup. It declares
his duty by law, and places this information before
the whole people It will be both his guide and his
safety. It provides that our collectors and r°ceiv-
ers shall once at least ia sixty days, and as much
oftener at, may be necessary, to render, m the opi-
nion of the Department, the public money secure,
convert the balances of bank notes on hand into
specie, and place this specie on. special deposite
with the selected banks This will, at all times,
render it absolutely secuie No bank of any cha-
racter has, I believe, ever violated a special depo-
site. It would be justly considered a high crime
What you give to them to keep for you, that they
will always restore on demand The box of specie
which you entrust to their care will always be forth-
coming, and if another suspension of specie payments
should occur, you will not again have mere bank
credits, but actual com, for the use of the Govern
ment. This system of special deposites of specie
was adopted m the Sub-Treasury bill, as 1 have
said before, every where throughout the Union, ex-
cept at six points where there were mints, or were
to be receivc'o general.
Would this system have an injurious effect upon
the banks themselves? It is true it would require
them to make frequent settlements with the colleo
rs and receivers, and with each otner; but this
ould He a gr at ?dvantage to themselves, a? well
is a fíreat security to the public If the bank in
v inch *he ncoal depo-ite is made should be one
of sound character and credit, always redeeming
its r c tes m specie, the holders of Treasury drafts
wou d, under ordinary circumstances, prefer ac-
cepting payment in the notes of such bank to
receiving the gold and silver But, in the natuial
course of business, the banks themselves would
generally obtain the possession of these drafts
In conversing some weeks ago with one of the
mo^t distinguished financiers of this country, I
«a¿ struck with the remark, that even sf the Go-
vernment should proceed at onee to require exclu-
sive specie payments, the banks wou'd not be
injured unless a large surplus of specie were kept
on hand He said that holders of Treasury drafts
almost always kept an account with seme bank,
where they would deposite them, and, in a large
majority of instances, they would be transmitted
for collection to the very bank itseii holding the
special deposite, or to some other m the immediate
vicinity, and that thus these drafts would be presented
for payment to the collectors and receivers by the
banks which ftad charge of the special deposites,
that this would be the common course of business,
and that the banks which held these special depo-
sites would thus themselves become entitled to
receive them Does not the justice of this observa-
tion strike every mind? If any one of us held a |
Treasury draft, would we not at once deposite it to
our credit in the bank with which we kept our
account?
In the mean time, duung the periods that the
collectors ana receivers might hold the bank notes
before they were converted into specie, Treasury
drafts would be paid by them in thfse notes, in all
cases where they might be bona fide preferred This
would happen in most instances, because sound
specie-paying bank notes in good credit, are generally
more con% enient than gold and silver. But require
specie, require what you will, from the very nature
of the business of the country, these Treasury
drafts will, m most instances, be presented for pay-
ment by the banks
It is only in case of a large surplus of specie that
the banks would be at all affected. To prevent
such an accumulation, and to limit our revenue to
our necessary expenditures, would thus become the
interest of all classes of society.
The proviso to the second section is in exact ac-
cordance with the late report of the Committee on
Finance    At present, under the provisions of the
fifth section of the Deposit law, the notes oí no bank
can be received in payment of the public dues
which has, since the 4th of July, 1836, issued notes
ol a less denomination than five dollars.   It was the
policy of this section to lestrain the circulation of
small notes as much as possible.    Specie and small
notes of the same denomination can never circuíale
together.    It was said in England that a one pound
note and a sovereign were natural enemies ot each
other, and that the former always expelled the latter
from circulation     In that country, therefore, the
issue of oiit pound notes was prohibited, and sove-
reigns immediately came into circulation.   Con-
gress acted upon the same principle when they de-
clared that the notes of no bank should be received
m  oayment of the puohc dues which isbued notes
ol a less denomination than five dollars.   This was
done to secure, as far as we could, a specie basis
tor our paper circulation, and promote the use of
gold and silver in all the small every-day transac-
tions of hie.   To this policy I would steadily ad-
here.   Under the existing law, banks which, since
the suspension of specie payments, have not issued
small notes of their own, are entitled to have their
notes received in payment of the   public  dues,
although they may have used and paid out the
small notes of corporations and individuals whilst
the notes of all the banks which have issued small
notes themselves are excluded    There is no justice
in this discrimination    Whether a bank has issued
small notes of its own, or has paid out similar notes
of corporations or individuals, they have equally
violated the spirit, though not the letter, ef the ex-
isting law, and m justice they ought all to be placed
on the same footing
Take, for example, the bar! s ol New York and
Virginia    They were autnoruod  by their respec-
tive Legislatures to issue sina 1 note^, on the ex-
press condition that they should be redeemed in
gold and silver even during the suspension of specie
paymeits.    Would it not be manifestly unjust for-
the Government to refuse 'he notes of these banks,
and at the same trae receive the notes of banks
who had paid  out,  not their own notes, but the
small irredeemable notes of corporations and in-
dividuals of much less intrinsic value'    This dis-
crimination ought «so longer to exist     I was glad,
therefoie, that the Committee on Finance reported
in favor  of abolishing it     The amendment is in
exact accordance wuh their report.    Should it be
adopte j, it wul take off the interdict in favor of alt
banVs which shall, after the first day of October
next, cease to i&sue, reissue, or pay out any note
or bill of a less denomination than five dollars.    It
does not propose a general and indefinite suspen-
sion of this restriction, as the bill of the Senator
from Massachusetts has  done     It forgives  !he
past, but requires the banks to conform to the Jaw
m future,  or forfeit the privilege of having their'
notes received in payment of the public dues.
The third section of the amendment repoals the
deposite act of June, 1836, ex:cept the last three
sections directing the balance m the public Trea-
sury on the 1st of January, 1837, to be deposited
with the States This exception is so manifestly
proper, that it requires no emanation The re-
peal of this act, together with the adoption of the
first two sections of the amendment, would esta-
blish the divorce between Bank and State, by law
it would wholly separate the public money from-
the business of the banks, and accomplish a pur-
pose which I have much at heart
I am solemnly convinced that it is both our duty
and our policy te use every effort to adopt this or
some other similar measure before the adjournment
of Congress The people expect, nay, they de-
mand the settlement of this question for the pre-
sent, in some form or other. As a party, the
friends of the Administration have solemnly an-
nounced to the world their hostility to any future
connection between the business ot the banks and
that of the Government Consistently with this cap-
d'nal principle, we ought touse every effort to adopt
some measure ptr'mg the Treasury Department
under the regulation of law It will not do for us
to go home and tell our constituents, that, because
we failed wnh our first and preferred measure, we
had determined to tr. ncthing else, and left every
thing in confusion L we make the at'empt fair-
ly, and should fa 1, the responsibility will not be
with us, but with our political opponents. The coun-
try will then be con vmc«d that we have done all we
could, and will justify our conduct.
1 am a party man, because I consider that the
best in erests of the country are identified with the
principles of the party to which I belong There
is no wish nearer my heart, than that the Adminis-
tration of the present President may prove prospe-
rous and happy. He is sound in all great political
principies, and I feel myself to be identified with
him for weal or for wo I shall neither look to
the right hand nor to the left, nor even think of en-
listnag under any other banner Some of his friends
may difier from me in regard to this amendment,
and my proposition may be rejected, but I shall
put myself on record m its favor, under a firm con-
viction that we owe it to the Administration as well
as to our country to make another effort to settle
this perplexing question.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY
SPEECH OF MR. DROMGOOLE,
Of "Viuginia,
In iite flbase of Representatives, Jane 20, 1838—
In Committee of the Whole, against the tonsti-
tutionahty and policy of employing State banks
as fiscal agents of the Federal Government and
m favor of organizing the Treasury of the United
States in conformity with the Constitution.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and addressed thectHn-
mittee as follows:
Mr. Chairman: I am awafe" tBa* out seaston ft
26
