June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE COríGRESSÍONÁL GLOfil.
4ff
25th Cong-"'2nd Sess.
Treasury Building—Mr Pratt.
H. of Reps.
hoped tnat lie might be allowed to claim the at-
tention of the committee, while offering to them a
few practical observations upon the subject under
consideration. He was glad that the discussion
had, thus far, been mainly carried on in a busines-
like manner. This pleased him the more, that it
strenglhened him in the hope that his own una-
dorned and plain mode of expressing his views
would meet the indulgence of the committee.
Mr. P. said that having been placed upon this
Committee of Publje Buildings, and the subject of
the fitness for its intended purposes of the new
Treasury building having been brought to his at-
tention, he had looked at the matter in the same
practical manner in which he usually went about his
own affairs. Thus viewing the building, he had
not been long in coming to the opinion that it was
all wrong, both in the matter of taste, and in the
matter of execution. ¡t was at his request and
suggestion that the committee had examined the
building personally; he believed it to be going
wrong, and the examination had tended to confirm,
not to confute that opinion. At first the proposi-
tion personally to inspect this building was not
favored by the committee, although it had at last
been acceded to. And here Mr. P. would take the
occasion of paying a merited tribute to the single-
ness of purpose and purity of motive, which dic-
tated the course of the members of the committee,
of both political parties, in reference to this sub-
ject, from first to last. He would particularly in-
stance in this connection, the course pursued by the
honorable chairman of that committee, [Mr. Lin-
coln,] in regard to the furnishing and repairs of
the Executive mansion. He, as well as the hono-
rable eenllemcn from Virginia, [Mr. Mercer,]
though a political opponent, was as liberal and fair
as any friend of the Administration could have de-
sired. They had acted with the spirit of business
men, and could honestly answer to the country,
with the rest of the committee, that they had dis-
charged their duty faithfully and conscientiously.-
For himself, he had for years been practically
engaged in building; he could not avoid, there-
fore, looking at the work submitted to his exami-
nation in a practical point of view. He intended,
in doing so, to do his duty, and to be useful, if
possible, to the country, whose servant he was.
He knew well the responsibility be assumed, and
had not shrunk from it. He and the whole com-
mittee had taken great pains to enable themselves
to lay before the Hocse all the facts upon which
the report which accompanied the b'll under con-
sideration had been founded. It was now the
province of the House to judge for itself, as to the
validity of the committee's conclusions from those
facts. The committee had counted the cost—they
had come to the deliberate conclusion that the pub-
lic money was being wasted on Uas unlucky piece
of work, and they had told the House thai such
was their opinion.
Mr. P. then stated that the length of the Trea-
sury building, as it stands, "is four hundred and
fifty-six feet, the lower hall eight feet two and a
halt inches wide, and the upper hail nine feet. He
assumed as a demonstrable fact, that this was far
too narrow. He compaired it with the hall of
the new Patent Office, now in process of erection,
which he said was a little over one hundred feet in
length, and fifteen in width. Nearly half the Trea-
sury building, he staled, was so constructed- as to
bs underground, which would have the inevitable
effect of rendering thirty-seven, at least, of the
rooms proposed to be made upon that floor, too
dark and too damp for use.
Mr. P. also contended that this building, which
Congress had ordered to be built under the direc-
tion of the President of the United States, had not
been executed according to the directions given by
General Jackson; who had expressly stipulated
that the building should not interfere at all with
the State Department; a building, nearly new, and
which cost the country over §100,000. Bu', by the
plan of the architect now engaged on this build-
ng, it seems that this Department is to come down,
at an admitted loss of some $90,000. Thi=, Mr. P.
could not but look upon as miserable economy in-
deed; The new erection was now within three or
four feet of the State Department; and, owing to the
different heighths of the walls of the two buildings,
it wasquite obvious that they could never be made
to match. White and black could not differ more
widely than the two from each other; and was this
a specimen of workmanship and of taste for an
American citizen to point out to the stranger who
may visit the Capitol of his country? He thought
not.
Mr. P. then went into a series of statements by
way of exposing some of the prominent imperfec-
tions of the building; its entire want of adapta-
tion to its purposes, the unfitness of the architect
who designed it, and the palpable necessity which
existed for taking it down, as a malter of the best
and most prudent economy.   He took the state-
ment of the architect himself, as contained in the
National Intelligencer, in a communication signed
M, and which was as follows:
The architect's estimate for completing
the present building,  under the con-
struction, is.....f 500,000
Expense of simply grading the street,
without including the cost of culvert
underneath    -----          2,500
Total cost - - - 502,500
Estimate for carrying out the whole
plan, as approved by the Executive,
including the renewal of the State
Department building, and construct-
ing a corresponding building at the
south end.....397,500
Whole cost - - - 900,000
And showed that, in 1837, this architect's own
estimates were not much more than half that sum.
In commenting on this discrepancy, Mi. P. re-
marked that he was compelled to say that this ar-
chitect's rule in building was like that adopted by a
certain Irish journeyman he had heard of, who,
as he could neither read nor write, dispensed with
the draughts, and said he could work best by his
eye! It seems to be the maxim of this architect to
"cut and try."
In reply to some remarks of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Keim] who had addressed the
committee on this bill, and in behalf of the archi-
tect of the Treasury building, Mr. P. observed,
that that gentleman's estimate of the thickness of
the walls, at 3 feet 3 inches, was entirely erroneous.
He, Mr. P. had been told so before; and had taken
the trouble to measure them for himself with the
rule. Their thickness was only eighteen inches
stone,filled inside with brick nine inches, making on-
ly a thickness of two feetthrpeinchesinall; and this
for the walls of a building three stories, or forty-
eight feet, high. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, in his zeal to endorse the character, as an
architect, ofMr. Mills, had stated, upon the autho-
rity of the latter, what he, Mr. P. knew, from his
own personal observation, to be inaccurate. He
did not rest content with hearsay. His highest
ambition, in making out his case, was to state
facts.
Mr. P. alluded also to some remarks which had
fallen from the member from Arkansas, [Mr. Yell,]
who had expressed the opinion that the present
building was adequate to the purposes for which it
was designed. He would ask that learned judge
a simple question. How was light to be obtained
in the lower story of the hall of that building, four
hundred and fifty-six feet long, eight feet wide,
with both ends closed; one-half of the story being
under ground, and a high wall in front of the
building, and ascending to the next story; how
could he obtain sufficient light in such a hall, for
the most necessary purposes for which light is re-
quired?
Mr. P. said that these walls should have been at
least three feet and six inches thick; that the iron
bands are now precisely in the position where they
are least useful, to wit: at the corners, and not at
the anise, where, if at all, they should be. And he
entered into a particular statement of the number
of rooms, which it was a part of the plan to put
into the building, many of which he demonstrated
must be entirely unfit for use, by reason of the
want of light, and the daintiness. He also showed
great errors in the calculations of the  cost of exe-
cuting different parts of the work, and demonstrat-,
ed the entire want of any thing like a fixed plan
of proceeding, on the part of the architect, from
first to last. He thought the duty of {he legisla-,
tive branch of the Government to take the ezecttT
tution of this and similar works into its own hands^"
believing as he did, that the duties of the Executive.
were already sufficiently onerous, without super-:
adding those of master builder of the public offices.
The Legislature, he contended, should attend to
these matters itself, and carry them on.by appoint-
ments emanating from itself, of men in whom
confidence could be placed, and who would be re-
sponsible to Congress for the manner in which
they did their duty. This would be the course, he
said, that each man would pursue in his own case,
not only in architecture, but in law, in commerce,
and in every other department of life.
This was the building of the nation, and it was
not his. He had here strung out facts which he had
ascertained by careful examination for the benefit
of those concerned. It was proper to act as they
saw fit. On them rested the responsibility. He
had shown them that their money was being use-
lessly lavished, almost without any accountability
on the part of those entrusted with its expenditure,
and here Mr. P. remarked upon the . meagre-
ness and unsatisfactory character of the accounts
rendered by the Commissioners of Public Build-
ings, who had put down a gross amount of esti-
mates, with a long string of dittoes, instead of.
giving particular statements of every item-of ex-
penditure. That was not the way, he, [Mr Pratt]
did his own business, and he was not inclined to
permit that of the country to be done in that loose
and unsatisfactory manner. He certainly did not
intend to impute any thing like default to that offi-
cer; but what he wanted were the facts, that he
might be able to act understandingly.
In the inquiry ordered by the House, as a part of
the duty of the Committee on Public Buildings,
they had had the aid of experience and disin-
terested architects from New York, Philadelphia,
Boston, and Vermont; not one of them sustained
the views and statements of the architect of pub-
lic buildings; and he, [Mr. Pratt,] had already
said enough in other portions of his remarks, to
convince the House that the statements of that ar-
chitect had not always been- correct^ or consistent
with themselves, in relation to this subject. He
had deceived two Presidents already, and was
seemingly disposed to lead the country into an ex-
pense of some $3,000,000 to carry on this extrava-
gant project of his; and should this be done?
What was the proposed alternative? To cause
the walls of this building to be taken down, and its
materials used for the erection of the Post Office,
and then to erect a substantial and economical
Treasury Building, according to a feasible and rea-
sonable plan, as proposed in the bill under con-
sideration; and what would be the expense of taking
down and removing these walls? The following
estimate, Mr. Pratt said, was made by Mr Mills,
which could probably be relied on safely.
1st.   The present  expenditures on this building
amount to                                        #200,065 79
2d. The value of the materials  and
work when taken out, and removed
to a place of safety, with those on
the ground, are estimated at          -      97,800 00
3d. The site being changed would
render it unnecessary to regradc
and pave 15th street, and construct
a culvert under the same, estimat-
ed at (which deduct)
$102,265 79
20,000 00
$82,265 79
Making the total estimated loss
4th. in the event of removing the
building, there will be no necessi-
ty to take down, or alter the State
Department building, which cost
$100,000, and the saving here
which might properly be carried to
the credit of the account, would be      80,000 00
Leaving an actual loss of only       -     §2,265 79
But, said Mr. P. I fear I am troubling the com-
