412

APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1858.
25th Cong*'
• •2nd Sess.
Protection of the Frontier—Mr. Fulton.
Senate.
mittee beyond their patience, i will relieve them.
I am no Iriend to long- speeches; and what I dis-
like in others, I will not myself inflict on them. I
went imo this inquiry, and into the discussion of
the subject, in a practical way, as a business man.
The building, which is the subject ef present con-
sideration, is not mine, Mr. Chairman, but yours.
It is for you to act as you please upon the advice
which has now been given you. If you take it,
well and good; if not, do not complain if you find,
when too late, that it had been better to follow it.
The passage of this bill would save the country at
least a half million of dollars. The building now
erecting, if permitted to go on, would cost more,
ere it is complete, than its erection thus far has
cost. With these plain facts, stated thus plainly,[
leave the decision of the question to the House,
where it properly belongs.
PROTECTION OF THE FRONTIER.
REMARKS OF MR. FULTON,
Of Arkansas,
In Senate, June 13, 1838—On the bill to set apart a
belt of land on the western borders of the States
of Missouri and Arkansas as bounty lands, to
be granted to settlers engaged for a term of years
in defence of the frontier.
Mr. Tallmadge said he should like to hear the
provisions of this bill explained; when
Mr. FULTON arose, and said:
Mr. President: The Senator from New York
[Mr. Tallmadqe] has only anticipated my inten-
tion, in asking an explanation of the objects of the
bill which has just been read to the Senate. The
measure proposed by the bill is of too much nn-
pjitance to at least two States of this Union, not to
enlist the deepest anxiety on the part of those who
represent them on this floor, or to be submitted to
the Senate without a zealous effort to satisfy every
Senator that, in voting for the bill, he is not only
supporting a measure of great national importance,
but also a measure calculated, in the most econo-
mical manner, to give security and protection to
our exposed southwestern frontier; a measure, sir,
which, in all human probability, may be the means
of preventing, at no distant day, that portion of our
country from being deluged in blood. The report
upon this subject of the Committee on Public
Lauds, has given the reasons which induced a
majority of that committee to sanctum the measure;
but, as the members of the'Senate may not have
felt ine ¡orce of those reasons as sensibly as those
of us must do who are so deeply interested for the
lives and property of our constituents, and who
must necessarily regard with intense solicitude
every measure calculated, in any manner, to afford
them protection, yet I cannot but indulge the hope
that a further and fuller consideration of the sub-
jsct must lead the Senate to Ihe adoption of similar
conclusions with those which influenced the action
of the committee in reporting the bill upon your
table.
The bill contemplates the creation of a strong
military force upon the western borders of Missouri
and Arkansas, of sufficient stiength, and in such a
position, as, when united with sucha portion of the
troops of the United States as the Government may
be able to assign to the defence of ¡hat frontier,
will be capable ot giving protection to the country,
and, by forming a harrier against the sudden incur-
sions of hostile Indians, (now concentrated upon
that frontier in such numbers as rendéis them a
most formidable foe,) will be the means oí giving
security to all the inhabitants of both those border
Stales.
By the provisions of the bill, a belt of lam!, two
townships deep, commencing on Red river, and
running acioss the Slates of Arkansas and Mis-
souri to the ¡Missouri river, within and bordering
upon the western boundaries of those States, is to
be set apart as bounty lands, to be granted in
quarter sections to such persons as shall enrol
themselves as volunteers or militiamen, to be
organized and tegularly trained for military ser-
vice, and each of whom shall go upon a.nd settle
the quarter section he shall select. Each settler is
to be registered, and Jo be bound at all times to
take up arms in case of an apprehended or actual
attack by the Indian* upon the settlements, and to
continué in service as long as troops may be re-
quired for the defence of the frontier.    It will  be
the interest of each settler to see that the companies
and regiments are fully organized agreeably to the
provisions of the bill, and that he is regularly exer-
cised and instructed in military tactics, as the titl«
to the land is made to depend upon the organizing
and training of the settlers, and without which the
right is forfeited.    The bill requires that esch set-
tler shall select and occupy the quarter section he
wishes to own, and shall cause himself to be regis-
tered as the claimant of such quarter section; which
registration will secure the possession, unless the
same is forfeited by a failnre to comply strictly
with the terms imposed by the provisions of the
bill.   These terms are, as already stated, either
that the occupant shall unite himself with a volun-
teer company, bound to serve upon the frontier for
five years, or shall enrol himself in a militia com-
pany for a like period of five years, and which
company must  belong to a regiment  regularly
organized and officered, and to be kept at all times
prepared for action.   These volunteer or militia
troops are to be regularly trained to service, and to
be subjected to such military duly as may be re-
quired of them during the whole term of five years,
even  should it extend to constant sprvice during
the whole of that time; the right to the land to be
forfeited if the same is not occupied for five years
from the time of registration, or upon a refusal to
do military duty at any time during that period.
The fact that no title can be obtained except upon
the certificate of the proper officer that the settler
has strictly complied with all the requisitions of the
bill, and has faithfully served his country for five
years, creates a perfect security that the services
will be rendered, and that the fullest consideration
will be paid for the bounty of the Government.
The object of the committee in limiting the
quantity to be granted to each settler to one quar-
ter section, was in order to increase the number of
troops, and, at the same time, place them in such a
convenient position to each other as would secure
promptitude and certainty in bringing them imme-
diately into the field of action. It was estimated
that of the quantity of land included within the
proposed limits, much more than one half of it
would be unfit for cultivation; and, when it is con-
sidered that the most valuable tracts are already
sold and settled, j{ js believed that within the belt
of land proposed to be set apart by (his bill, there
would not be much over five thousand quarter sec-
tions which would be likely to be settled under the
provisions of the bill; so that, if Ihe inducement
should be found to be suflicient to produce ihe de-
sirable object contemplated by the bill, the force
which would be in this way obtained would not ex-
ceed five thousand men, When it was considered
that there are, or will be in a very short period,
about seventy-five thousand Indians of the various
tribes collected together and settled so close to
each other as to be able to embody a force of fifteen
thousand warriors almost at a moment's warning,
all of whom hax'o been removed Irom the east to
Ihe west of the Mississippi, and who have been, by
the policy of the Government, concentrated imme-
diately upon the borders of the State of Arkansas,
many of whom, also, have been removed there under
circumstances justifying the beh(, ['that they will avail
Ihemselv .. of the first favorable opportunity to
gratify their thirst for blood by making inroads
upon the frontier settlements, and against which
a war of the most devastating description might be
at tins time most successfully prosecuted, it was
considered by the committee that the additional
force which this biU might be capable of affording,
would be still necessary even if such an increase
cf the army took place as would enable the Go-
vernment to place upon that fron'ier from five to
seven thousand regular troops. And when the
great uncertainty of the increase of the army is
taken into consideiation, the importance of such a
measure as the one proposed by the piescnt bill
becomes still more obvious.
Mr. President, this bili does not propose a mere
donation to the settler. It is not intended to en-
courage persons to seize upon the public lands, as
he hardy pioneers of the West have,  as I think,
most unjustly been accused of. having done.   No,
s'n those who are to get the benefit of this mea-
sure ar« required  to render valuable services to
their country.   The policy of granting bounties in
lands to those who risk their lives in the public
service, isas old as the Government itself.    And
what service, I would ask, can be greater than that
of voluntarily placing onesself in the very face of
danger, as all must do who comply with  the pro-
visions of this bill?   What better troops, I would
ask, could there be than might be obtained in the
manner proposed by the bill?   These settlers would
be called on to defend fheir property, their families,
and their lives.   They would go forth to battle,
animated not only by a proper sense of the obliga-
tion which the service they have entered into im-
poses, but also by the consciousness that the lives
of others, near and dear to them, depend upon their
valor.   They would fight, not only from a sense
of duty, but for their country, and their homes, and
their firesides.   In this way may a respectable and
efficient force be permanently established upon the
frontier, to maintain and supply which the Govern-
ment will not be required to expend a single cent,
except when the men  are called into  active ser-
vice.   Once established there, with the improve-
ments and cultivation \vhich each will be required
to make to support himself for five years,   their
population will become fixed, and although all may
not always remain, yet the inhabitants will be so
permanently established,  by separate  farms, that
the number of occupants will  be, most probably,
continued, and a dense settlement of citizen sol-
diers will thus be secured, capable, almost within
themselves, of giving security to the frontier in all
future times.
It has been objected that a thick settlement of
our citizens close upon the Indian border,   would
be calculated to lead to  difficulties with the  In-
dians.    The best answer to this objection is deriv-
ed from the experience of the past.    The counties
immediately bordering upon the Indian line, in the
State of Arkansas, (and through which the lelt
of land now proposed to be set apart runs,) are the
most populous counties of the State.   A highly re-
spectable, industrious, and enterprising people are
now inhabiting this belt of land, having purchased
the land of the Government at a time when ihey
had no right to suppose they were destined  to Be
exposed to all the horrors of the tomahawk and
scalping knife.    These citizens of Arkansas have
lived in the immediate neighborhood of the In-
dians for many years.    No intrusions upon the In-
dian country have ever taken place; no depreda-
tions have been   committed; and  the  established
boundary   between  our citizens and  the Indian
tribes, has been as sacred'y respected as it woolá
have been if it had been defended by  a sufficient
standing army to*enforce respect.    No,  sir:   our
frontier inhabitants are as good and law-abiding a
people as live.    From such a population, no mat-
ter how dense they may  become, nor how close
they may be to the border, no difficulties with the
Indians need be apprehended from them.     They
have amongst them many hardy adventuress, who
have endured the greatest privations  in- reaching
the country of their choice; but ihey are now gene-
rally surrounded by all the comforts of life, and by
a course  of industry and prudence, have  made
themselves independent.     They are a moral and
exemplary people, and peace and good order uni-
versally prevails throughout those distant settle-
ments.    Relying upon each other for mutual pro-
tection, they are bound together by the strongest
ties.     No deeds of violence happen there.     The
Government has placed them in their -present peril-
ous situation, and they have a right to expect from
her the most ample protection.   They are not wil-
ling to believe that their" country will abandon
¡hem to their fate, or leave them a prey to the mer-
ciless savage, instigated to   deeds   of  blood  by
imaginary wrongs, and the bad counsels of wicked
and vindictive spirits amongst them.    And yet, sir,
such is the state of alarm which prevails upon the
frontier: so suspicious have been the movements of
the Indians; so many secret councils have recently
been held; such have been the character of their
threats; such their confidence in their strength', and,
