June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4f S
25th Gong--«2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Toucey.
H. of Reps.
liberties of the people, and the unequivocal and re-
peated expression of the public will against it, I
shall confine myself to the only view appropriate in
this connection, the influence of such an institution
upon what I have denominated the radical vice of
the American banking system—its propensity to
expansion and explosion.
I have already anticipated this view, by a narra-
tive of facts and experience, which render theory
and speculation of little moment. We have seen
precisely this institution, at a period most favorable
for the exertion of a corrective agency, first and
foremost to stimulate the currency and trade of the
country to the brink of destruction; opening the
floodgates when they should be shut, and shutting
them when they should be open; without the skill
to discover, without the ability to correct the evil,
or without the disposition to do so, unless it may
have the Government and the country under its
heels.
But why should we expect that a National
Bank, even if it were not an instrument of partisan
warfare, or an element of political power, would
furnish an adequate check upon these expansions
of the currency? From its very nature, it is essen-
tially the same, in the laws of its existence,
with all other banks. It is immaterial in what
city sf this Union its directory may reside,
or under what name they may act. Subject
to the same general influences, and operated upon
by the same powerful and universal causes, it would
inevitably itself take the same downward course.
Borne along upon the same tide with all other
banks, it would equally, with them, be incapable
of offering resistance. The same interests of the
Bank on the one hand, and the same interests of
those who dealt with it on the other, would be in
incessant operation, in perpetual conspiracy, for
ever leading to the same end—the expansion of the
business and profits of both. We have yet to see
men, in the conduct of a moneyed institution, orga-
nized for purposes of profit, act invariably, and at
all times, in direct opposition to motives of pecu-
niary interest, to the urgent solicitations of confid-
ing and dependant friends, and to the importunate
demands of an excited community. A National
Bank might, at times, cheek a solitary irregularity
here andthere, but it would only inflame and ag-
gravate those general disorders of which we are
speaking; would only perpetuate those general
abuses which we are deprecating; would only aug-
ment the power of expansion, and that fatal ten-
dency of the system to revulsion, which we desire
to counteract and resist. The history of the past,
to which I have alluded, drawn from the records of
a National Bank, fully illustrates and establishes
these positions, not as theory, but as actual, attested
experience.
It is beyond the utmost power of human legisla-
tion to remove, in any great degree, this deep-root-
ed evil—an undue increase of the representative
part of the currency over the teal money represent-
ed by it—without diminishing the one, and increas-
ing the other; without substituting a metallic cur-
rency for some portion of the- paper enrrency, and
enlarging the amount of-gold and silver to be kept
in the banks as a basis for the remainder. We
have too little hard money in use, because the Ge-
vernment had discarded it, and because all the
channels of circulation are filled with paper money
of larger or smaller denominations, which diipenses
with it; and we have too little in the banks, be-
cause year after year the fund which lies there is
not called for, is therefore encroached upon from
time to time, and not kept up; and, -finally, in the
ordinary course of affairs, is not deemed necessary.
These two evils, so prevalent in times past, arc the
very elements of an undue expansion of a paper
currency.
The palicy of the Administration of the Federal
Cfovernment,and of its friends generally, has been to
reform,these evils, and the abuses -connected with
them. In the first place we enlarged the- mint,
and increased the coinage. la a very short pe-
riod we coined more gold than had been coined
from the foundation of the Government. In the
msxt place, we established a new valuation of the
gold coin. Before that, there was practically a
premium for exporting it, in consequence of its
low valuation; and it went immediately out o*f the
country as fast as it was coined. Now it remains
in the country. In the third place, in the several
States where our friends had the control, they pro-
hibited the use of small bills, as had been done in
Prance and England, and supplied their place with
hard money. By these measures, we increased the
gold and silver in actual circulation among the
people of the United States, from four millions in
1834 to thirty millions of dollars in 1837; and we
increased the gold and silver in the banks from
twenty-four millions, in 1834, to forty-five millions
of dollars, in 1837. In three or four years, we
added forty-seven millionsrof dollars to our stock
of gold and silver in the country. The States, it
is true, where the Opposition have had the control,
have to some extent counteracted this policy, by
flooding the country with small bills, which,
as far as they prevail, expel the gold and silver;
and the banks by suspending specie payments ob-
tained 'a temporary victory over our policy, by
shutting up the specie in their vaults; and by arresting
the circulation of it as long as their depreciated
paper shall continue to circulate. The great result
of this policy, however, still remains, and gold and
silver is even now so abundant in the country,
though locked up, that the banks are able to re-
sume their payments, which otherwise would not
have been the case. Let them resume, as they can
and ought to do, and the auspicious results antici-
pated from this policy will be signally manifest to
every body, when the measure of suppressing
small bills shall have been carried into full effect.
In the first place, there will be an abundance of
gold and silver in circulation for the ordinary trans-
actions of the great mass of the people. In the
next place, this abundance in circulation will fur-
nish a ready supply to the banks. At the same time
the greater amount in their vaults and at their com-
mand, will enable them at all times more surely
to redeem their bills and sustain their payments, in
the only money recognised by law. These results,
so much desired by all, will, when once accom-
plished, be permanently accomplished, and enjoyed
without interruption, if the banks can only be com-
pelled, or induced, to preserve themselves in that
condition, which will enable them to sustain their
payments; a condition so much more easy to' be
maintained in consequence of these very results.
But, sir, that condition the banks will not main-
tain, unless there shall be a uniform, steady, unre-
mitted and persevering demand upon the specie in
their vaults, which will compel them to keep an
adequate supply. They are too much disposed,
from motives of immediate profit, to reduce that
supply too low. This is a matter of the utmost
importance. The whole paper circulation of the
country depends upon it for its solidity, for its
convertibility, for its equality with the real money
it represents, for its character as money, for its
hold upon the confidence of the community, for
its ability to withstand the first shock from any
vicissitude in trade, the first pressure from any
cause at home or abroad; and when we reflect
that if this fund, aided by an abundant specie cir-
culation, is unequal to the task of sustaining the
payments of the banks, the whole paper circula-
tion of one hundred and fifty millions is depre-
ciated in a moment, the whole people of the coun-
try are plundered of fifteen millions at the first onset,
and all the evils of broken faith, prostrate credit,
and depreciated currencies, are fastened upon us
by the failure, lam confident that no one will accuse
me of overstating the importance of this supply of
specie in ihe vaults of banks, of setting additional
gaards over it, and rendering its withdrawal more
difficult, if not impracticable.
The policy of coming ultimately, but gradu-
ally and surely to the use of coin chiefly in the fis-
cal operations of this Government is, in part, to fill
another great channel of circulation (not in the con-
trol of any State) with gold and silver; and also to
fill the banks with a larger supply by creating a
uniform, steady demand upon them to a reasonable
extent. The only effect upon the banks will be to
check them, as was done by the late Bank of the
United States, to require them to keep a l.irger sup-
ply of the precious mstals, to prevent them from
doing too much business upon too little capital, to
constrain them in a degree to keep within safer limits,
to guard the public in some measure against those
dangerous expansions which are always followed
by disastrous consequences, to prevent the growth
of those enormous excellences upon . the body
politic, which absorb the vital juice  and indues
the most terrible maladies. This sound and healthy
circulation of the precious metals, the banks; if they
are not too overgrasping, will easily supply aña"
sustain. It requires only an increase of their sup-
ply not inconsistent with a reasonable profit; It
will go out of their vaults and return again, and
the process will be gradual, constant and steady. It
will not go out of the country, and when exchange
is against us, and there is a demand for the precious
metals for exportation, it will not diminish the
ability of the banks to meet that demand.
This is the great power of regulating the cur-
rency conferred by the Constitution: to coin money,
to regulate its value, and use it in the fiscal opera-
tions of this Government. It is not a doubtful
power, obtained by forced constructions. It is a
clear and express grant; and if exercised in the
mode proposed, it will hold the banks in check, re-
strain their improvident issues, keep them within
safe bounds, or at least have a most powerful ten-
dency to do so, by a reasonable, constant, steady,
unremitting, all-pervading operation, which the
banks now a/Teei to dread so much, and for no rea-
son whatever, except that it will require at all times
a broader spt-cie basis to be kept perpetually i  their
vaults; the very thing which tne whole cotamuaity
so much desire, which the immense interests in-
volved in our vastly extended paper currency im-
peratively demand, and which cannot be dispensed
with without essentially compromising periodically,
at short intervals, the substantial prosperity of the
country.
Such will be the effect of the return of this Go-
vernment, nut suddenly, but gradually, by sure
and cautious steps, to the use of its own money in
its fiscal operations. It must be obvious that it
will not destroy or prejudice a safe, well regulated
credit system; on the other hand, it will strengthen
it where it ought to be strengthened; will reform it
where ii needs reformation; and will only lop off
abuses.
Instead of overthrowing it, it will give it a sound
and healthful existence. I have, sir, both here and
elsewhere, listened to much unmeaning and some
gorgeous declamation upon the splendid results
of the credit system; as if we were ipdebted,
not to our liberty, our free Government, our equal
laws, our untiring industry, to the overflowing cup
of Heaven's bounty in this new world, for oar vast
and astonishing progress in wealth and power, but
to monopolies and exclusive privileges granted to
a few favored individuals; as if the very vices, de-
formities, and distempers, which grew out of an
excess of health, were the parent of it; as if the
very evils generated in the hot bed of our prosper-
ity, were the very cause and foundation of that -
prosperity. Sir, I deny that the return to the con-
stituüonal currency in the pecuniary transactions
of this Government will injure a just credit system
at all. If there be any fores in the considerations
which I have urged, they show that it will have
exactly the contrary effect, by giving to that system.
greater stability and a more equable operation; by
enlarging its solid basis and repressing and pre-
venting, in some measure, expansions on the one
hand and contractions on the other; and by guard-
ing against those terrible vicissitudes, in which the
trade, commerce, currency, and Gredit of the coun-
try are so often overthrown.
The policy of the Administration has been di-
rected exclusively to the improvement of the cur-
rency, by increasing the solid part of it, and check-
ing these expansions.
Even the tendency of the far famed Specie Cir-
cular was merely to check the banks in some small
degree, as the friends of a National Bank insist
would be done by such an institution. It carried
no specie out of the country; it merely removed a
portion to the interior. It created a demand upon
the Atlantic banks, which in some measure check-
ed and limited that expansion, which, in the event,
has been so destructive. It perhaps prevented the
fever from rising to a fatal height.   It perhaps ac
