June, 1838._____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.___________________427
25th Comg--"2nd Sbss.                                 Independent Treasury—Mr. Bynum.                                                        H. of Reps.
bankrupt, and  ti.eie the gentlemen stops the dia-
logue.
Now, why did he not give us the full benefit of
his picture, so well drawn to the taste and liking of
those for whom it was manufactured' Why not tell
us, if truth was his object, what might have been the
true, and only true, reply, that in such a state of
thins*  could, oi had they then have happened? Why
not have «aid that the Secretary's reply could have
been, " S,r, the money of the Government was
deposited by an ac of Congress in the banks, and
thej will not let us have out one dollar. We have
money due from om merchants and States, that
c innot be collected m consequence of the conduct
oi the banks, and we cannot at this moment
gel hold of it, uut we will give you our notes, with
the plighted faith of the Government  be ¡edeemed
in specie at such a date." Now, sir, what patriot,
what friend of his country, could have, at such an
offer, uused a murmur1 None, sir, none but your
bank bought hirelings and palace minions, whose
joy and transport are never so gieat as when this
country is oppressed, and the people threatened
witn ernbairas«ment and distress. Sir, from all
pail cipation, sympathy, or fellowship with such a
party, may God deliver me now, henceforth, and
for ever
The gent'eman says they have tried to relieve
th« Government frjm the sarcasm of the newspa-
pers. From the sarcasm of what'—of his own
papers—papers that havt been established and
suborned, and extended facilities to, foi that espe-
cnl purpose1 With whom can the sarcasms of
suc'i have any effect, except with the I'ghl-fingcred
tribe, who li\ e by their cunning and ciaft, and
•t ho, iidlurt-hke, watch to pounce upon the profi's
(i lb" industrious and laboring man v ith a view
of fea'he mg and decorating their own nests Sir,
1, in *he name of the peop'e—of the honest labo-
rers of this country—of the Government of the
people, and not that of the banks, defy their sar-
casms. They can have no effect here or elsewhere,
when their intent and designs are known; their en-
tile strength is m the deception and imposition with
\ hich they practice on the cieduhty and ignorance
ot i'ie publ c.
Tiie gentleman next tel's us that theie were cer-
tain filthy pwrots that ueiealvajs crying banks'
baniv>' clc. Now, sir, mat member should be the
la^t op th s floot to rebuke any b rd for ciying in
/i'í/ti/íioíes,unless,by the long custom of monopolising
by his featheicd tribe, he would exclusively appio-
pnate tins filthy practice to himself and a few such
associates. But, says the gentleman, he deals not
m personalities, and t.ith a most delicate allusion to
a recent event-, tells us that others might now seek
to doit wdhimpunity. Does the gentleman mean
this as a threat to av.e and intimidate the cowardly
Demociacy from boldly r„peiUng his unfounded
charges and ridiculous flcaons'2 If so, he may find
himself ras'aken, and some of the plain Demo-
crats less smrmssi\ e th<ai in ght be palatable to the
delicate ta-te of the honoiable member. But as to
Ins personalities. lie has surely given to the
House a new idea on that subject, for though that
member maj think (from habit, perhaps) that he
and hus few friends have the exclusive right to
aoase othera and thtir principles, and denounce
all that as 3 et may be uncontaminated by the <¡pe-
ci il facilities of his idol, that he is really not per-
gonal, becauss he claims it as a right. Yet, sir,
in re aie others here with equal rights, who, m de-
fiance, v, ill v ew ihis conduct in a most unquestion-
ab'e and diflerpnt light If that gentleman be not
r eLsonal in the extreme, thtn we have none so in
this Hi use
What, sir, has been his charge against thehono-
raole member troni South Caiouna? [Mr. Rhftt ]
Was there no personality in that? What liberal al-
ZaM/m has he made toward? the new converts, as
he is pleased to cal' them1 I disdain to attempt the
defence oí the honorable member from South Ca-
, hna, while he is so much more able to defend
himself. His course has been such as will meet the
.ipprobation of every disinterested patriot m the
laud, who has been unseduced by the foul and
contaminating influence of bankcraft. Sir, it was
hi-, home thrusts, tbe thrilling tiuths that he pro-
claimed to reluctant ears, that brought honorable
members on their feet It was the plain, practical
truths that he announced, that rung like a death-
kwll m the ears of those emissaries of Mammon,
in whose blind pursuit they had lost all sight of
the power of those upon whom they preyed. They
will like nothing that is to awaken the injured and
suffering multitudes whom they have wantonly
robbed by the most grinding oppressions and exac-
tions. Sir, they should be thankful for the advice
that they have received from the honorable mem-
ber from South Carolina, andtlo jaslice to his mo-
tives; but they will not: they are too arrogant for
advee, and too much bent on humbling your Go-
vernment to their power, to be influenced by the
warning voice of truth or reason.
The member from Pennsjlvania has arraigned a
distinguished indiv dual, who is now a member 01
the other body of this Congress, [Mr. Calhouv,]
and denounced, m most unmeasured ternas, the
course that he has conceived it his duty to pursue
in relation to the great measuies now pending be-
fore Congress. Lot me say to that member, and
to the world, that had not that distinguished man
pursue I the identical course that he has in relation
to those subjects, he would have been justly ob-
noxious to the charge that he has preferred. Had
he acted otherwise, he would have been recreant to
every principle heretofore considered sacred and
essential to the prosperity and preservation of
southern institutions He would have been guilty,
from mere party considerations, of bartering for a
mere mess of poltage, all that our fathers have
heretofore held to them more dear than life. This
he could not, he dare not have done, without in-
curring the blacli and damning guilt of treason to
the South, treason to the Demociacy, treason to all
those high and disinterested principles which it has
ever been the pi.de of his fnends to allow him 10
possess. Then how could he nave acted differently,
withoat forfeiting this high character, and dehing
m party malice and rancor for low retenge, at the
great sacrifice of the dearest rights, interests, and
liberties of this people' Nor would his luminous
and enligh'ened mind permit him to be seduced and
played off on. by the petty mts and crafts that hold in
bondage, and wield to iheir purposes, minds of
lesser calibre. No, sir if they would seduce and
suborn men to ineir unholy oihc s, let them loek
out for those composed of Urn miteiuds, an 1 of
more sjpple and pliant m'egnty
The gentleman has spoken of the zeal of new
converts With regard lo principie, I deny that
there has been any change in the party to which he
alludes The great State rights party are pieeisely
now where they have ever been, and their acting to-
gether on this or any other occasion, presupposes
no abandonment of principles «Inch, to them, have
ever been paramount to every personal considera-
tion, local or temporary. About men thej have
differed, and mjj and will differ.
I nevei have believed that there was any mate-
nil difference in principle between the State rights,
pai ty and the Administration pirty, and the schism
that took place between General Jackson and Mr
C4ihoipí, I have ever thought, tvas merely person-
al. The latter felt il his duty to oppose his Execu-
tive usurpations he did so, as he no doubt consci-
entiously beheved The causes of that opposition
have now ceased, and of course the effect should
cea^e with it. That gentleman, then, is exactly
where he was m 1828; and the great cause of com-
f laint is, that those of the craft have not been able
to seduce or foice him from his principles, by an
efiort to excite his prejudice against a parly with
whom, by mere accident, he had been thrown in
conflict. In this, however easily effected with
smaller men, they have failed with him. Sir, this
is the true clue to the bitter denunciations of the
man on whom they have been unable to operate
by their arts, to u«e and seduce to effect their pur-
poses of extortion, enaction, and legal plunder.
It 's one of the oldest practices of the craft-fia-
termty, from the earliest ages, to cry and hunt
down all those who have been too virtuous, too pa-
triotic, and too intelligent to be seduced and corrupt-
ed by their arts. The cry of schismatics and here-
tics, and tortures and crucifixions, has scarcely
ceased to ring on our ears from those whose habit
it has ever been to reign by the deceptjons which
they practice on the credulous and ignorant.
One word more as to new converts. Here the
gentleman would again monopolize. Does he
think, even if it were so, that no party has the
right to receive new-born converts but his own?
What are his Conservative friendsl " What his dis-
tinguished and leading friends from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bell] and ll>e Tennessee allies which he
brings to the assistance of his Federal plalanx?
How delighted has he been with the denunciations
from that quarter of the conduct of that war-worn
soldier, whom Tennessee—yes, once Democratic Re-
publican Tennessee—delighted to honor, but who
now, since the formation of her new alliances, can
find none, sir, none to do honor to the services of
that veteran soldier, enlightened and inflexible
statesman, Andrew Jackson, who has contributed
more to elevate the character of Tennesseeans,
and place around their names a halo of glory and
renown that shall be forgotten only when the histo-
ry is lost that records the deeds of the valor of her
sons, as perhaps ever will live again. Sir, oft has
this brought me to reflect, on my pillow, amidst
the gloom of midnight, on the lessons that I haye
been taught in early voutb, of the black, cruel in-
gratitude of States and Republics. How early,
how forgetful of the noblest deeds of the greatest
and best of benefactors!
Sir, were I this day a Tennesseean, my face
would crimson at the name of ingratitude, and my
heart bleed in, sadness to witness the incidents that
are pissing before me ; but there are Tennesseeans
who must feel moie than I feel—must have seen
more than I have seen of this subject, and to them
I leave it.
Mr Speaker, the times are rife m enormities,
there is hule telling what another day may not
bring forth. Prance—revolutionaiy France—had
her Dantons and Robespierre?, by «hose machina-
tions and contrivances she was deluged with the
best blood of her most patriotic and devoted citi-
zens , and, sir, all, all for office, for power, and for
place, were thousands ot human butcheries perpe-
trated before the eyes of a cvilized world, and,
sir, bv what means effected ? when reason, that
great lamp and luminary of human safety, re-
volted at the execution of the deed What, Sir,
was then resorted to, lo effect their purpose by
these incarnate fiends' Just such, sir, as has been
exhibited on this floor Caricatmes—caricatures—
when failing by reason to convince, and would
excite to action the most debased and damnab'e
pas ions of guilt and corruption. We have just
seen for the first time exhibited here on the floors
of Congress, caricatures of continental bills and
Treasury no'es, waved on high foi the purpese
of excitement, when ti uth and reason had failed to
do the oflice.
Sir, the signs aie portentous, and grave men
should pause ere it be too late to divert the match
that would enkindle the explosion, the honors ot
which might visit us, al'ke indifferent to age or to
sex. I would tarn from this scene \i nh a heart
sickened with d'sgust, but another circumstance
strikes me, w Inch I will relate for the benefit of
my Southern friends. The Abolitionists, to effect,
too, the.r fiendish and abominable purposes, have
reported lo idenlica'ly the same means At a loss
for reason, truth, or justice, these demons of dis-
cord and of blood haie resorted to their caricatures,
where Southern planters ar-d slaveholders aie
held up as monsters incarnate, who delight alone
in (he torture aud oppression of their fellow-beings,
and our slaves depicted, by cancatures, in eveiy
attitude of entiealy and mercy, writhing under the
agonies of the bitter joke of slatery Sir, this has
been done to arouse to madness the vukar and the
ignorant, to enlist them in the ranks of theciu-
sadprs of Abolit on For months and jearshave
their pipets been filled unh such foul and loath-
some representations oi our first and puiest men of
the South This is one of the nice examples to be
followed up by ihe pure spirits of Wh'ggery. Sir,
the old adage has been, "Any port in a storm," but
with the Whigs it is any thing for excitement and
effect, "come weal or wo,"or desolation dire to the
country, that they would rum or rule; such is
their insane, maddening thirst ioi oflice, for power,
