DÍX fO THE CÓNGRKSSIONAL GLOftE.
Jnñfc, 183§.__________
25rn  Co\G--"2\D Si.ss.
for the banking system, and who have been in the
habit ot tracing our prosperity to its influence, have
become rabid with uidignatfon and bitterness tin-
der the idea that die Government is waging war
upon it Sir, they only view the surface of things.
Look abroad lor a moment upon the world,
and contemplate daily events. That reform which
is now moving lhe deep foundations of despotism
throughoul Europe—that skepticism, a¡> it were, in
relation to all tho>e dogmas which hive so long
held a sway over the human intellect—that close
investigation which belongs to the age—ail, all,
are producing the most profound impressions. The
Gr vernment is only impelled on under circum-
stances, over which it can now have but little con-
trol It is the spirit of the age moving upon the
face of society.
Let not gentlemen push en in their mad career
and demand too much. If they do, as certain as
destiny, they will finally produce a revolution,
which will overwhelm every banking institution in
its desolating fury. Let them pause and secure
their present position, before they rush fatally into
that which is worse. Whatever triumphs of the
day may appear to the contrary, it will be but a
temporary check. The spirit ol a great and free
peope is at work on the subject, and to attempt to
heckl refoi m in the banking and credit system at
this late day, is as vain as to chain the fretted tor-
rent on the precipice. Gentlemen may be deceived
by appearances. True we have a drained and de-
janged Treasury; the Executive Government, di-
vorced and separated from banks as fiscal agents
by recent events, is shorn of much of its power
and patronage, and appears prostrate under the
bitter war waged upon it by almost a thousand
banks. On the other side, we see combined the
resources of at least one hundred millions of dol-
lars, with men of talents, and energy, and undying
activity, and the bright prospects of success and
triumph opening upon the future With them the
road to wealth, and power, and distinction seems
clear and broad. These events are well calculated
to make the timid waver and the doubtful falter.
But, sir, these things have no terrors or temptation
for me. I look with abiding confidence to the
redeeming spirit of a free and enlightened country.
Mr. Chairman, much has been said in eulogy of
the credit system. Sir, I concur in that eulogy to
a certain extent. The modern system is to make
credit supply the p'ace of capital almost entirely.
There is, no doubt, a vast increase of the resources
and comforts of s >ciety by banks and capitalists
loaning their credits to aid those who are without
credit, in the purchase ot property—and thus ex-
citing enterprise. We see through this operation
many giganlic schemes of modern society, which
seem to have given a new life to the world; but
while He look at this bright side, let us not forget
to contemplate the dependence and obligations thus
created, and the fearful po ver which is ther" by add-
ed to those institutions and those men who manage
and control this credit. It gives them the main-
springs ot life, and enables ihem to touch the ten-
derest fibres which vibrate thiough the whole body
polifc. To this I have nothing to say, so long as
Us operation is confined to the business wants and
commercial/ enterprise of the community. But
when this interest seeks to become allied with lhe
Government, and demands that credit and circula-
tion shall te received and tieated as money, then it
becomes a grave political questio.,, involving the
highest principles of liberty. The whole ooject is,
not only to use their own credit, which they have
an undoubted right to, but, also, to subsidize the
credit of the Government to their operation*, and
for their benefit. This it is which has heietofore
produced an unnatural expansion m the credit sys-
tem, and widened the circulation, beyond demands,
in the actual business of the country.
A sound credit system, not stimulated by a con-
nection with Government, but limited by the com-
petition and enterprise of individuals, or banks up-
on a safe basis, is lhe life of c.vilized society. But
when it becomes stimulated and expanded by the
artificial fiscal action of Go\ ernment, then it be-
comes dangerous, and throws the business and the
property of the country under the control of the
speculating and the profligate.     The whole frame
Independent Treasury—Mr Pickens.
of the body politic then grows bloated and excited,
which finally end* m convulsion and paralysis.
This is the credit system that I war upon, as vi-
cious and dangerous in the extreme.
Mr. Chairman, much has been said of the sub-
lime merits of the banking system, as the true
source of modern prospenty and power, and Spam
and Turkey have been held up to us as examples
of hard money Governments, while England has
been painted in a'l the g'ovung colors of fancy, by
wa\ ot contrast. In looking over the debates which
took place some years since, in favor of the re-
strictive system, I find precisely the same lan-
guage used, and 'he same countnes held up m con-
trast, to exhibit the sublime merits of the "prohibi-
tory policy." They seem to be the same speeches
that are how delivered, except that every thing in
the prosperity of England was then attributed to
the restrictive system, while now it is to the bank-
ing system. Such a loose range of thought as
this is only calculated to widen the field of decla-
mation, and enable some to gather the ornaments
that adorn a brilliant imagination Sir, it is a mise-
rabie-and contracted idea to attribute the prosperity
of England to her banking system. No' it arises
from the fact that she has the noble mhei itaiice of
the common law, which throws its broad shield
over every human being who treads upon British
soil; it arises from the tact that her peop'e swear
upon the Holy i.vangel%sti, and are capable of en-
joying personal liberty, it is because she can pio-
duce her Hampdens, and her Sydneys, who have
the moral courage to perish upon a principle.
Tnese are the causes w hich have developed her
vast resources—enabled her to stretch her power
aeróos the four quarter  of the habuable g'obe, snd
exhibit the moral grandeur of Christian ctmliznhon
united with physical prouess, m such wonderful
combination as to command the study pnd the ad-
miration of the world. When England is quoted
as an example for us to follow and imitate, to
make it suitable, you must first make us a consoli-
dated nation, With a Government equal in power
to the omnipotence of parliament. What may do
for a very compact people under one Government,
may be unsuited to an extensive territory, embrac-
ing all varieties of interests, with twenty-six sepa-
rate Governments. England has an annual re-
venue of 4,250,000,000, and disbursements to make
in all parts of the world. What may be a neces-
sary fiscal sjstem to her, may be utterly unneces-
sary to us. What may be necessary to make a
magnificent monarchy, may be entirely unsuited
to a Republican people.
Sir, in many points ©f view, it is a great blessing
that we have encountered this recent shock in our
system. It will force us to examine a c impli-
cated subjscl, which deeply affects the distribution
of wealth, and the political liberty of all. And it
is a little curious to trace out the first commence-
ment amongst us of this system, which has made
such rapid strides ti wards remodeling, not only all
society, but even our Government. Alexander
Hamilton, about the year 1790, commenced to
make the impress oí his genius upon esery ihing
around him He was ardent, bold, and energt tic
in all his plan*. With a full perception of lhe
ground upon which he stood, he alway = marched
to his object with a heart that never faltered.
The convention «h ch formed the Consftution, did
not make the Government as strong as he desired
it to be. He nad contemplated the English
Constitution with admiration and delght; and,
without cons denng lhe difference of circumstances,
he thought it a perfect model for our a 'opnon
But the Republicans of that day thought differenllv,
and he, coming into the Administration after the
formation of the Government, determined to
make up by construction what it v anted in specific
grants of power The funding s,.*prn introduced
by him created a stock m'erest, which foimed
the nucleus that has increased m p'n\e>-, and
made a rallying point for that moneyed influence
which he desired to substitute for the stabihtv
given to the British Government by a fixed aristo-
cracy. I do not mean at present to question the
financial ability developed m funding our national
debt, and substituting public credit for capital, but
only to speak of the political effects produced upon
H. of Reps.
our whole system by these measures. The 3Cth
section ot our nrst revenue iaw under the Constitu-
tion, in 1789, is m these words "The duties and
fees to be collected by virtue of this act, shall be
received m gold and silver com only." There is no
doubtful import in these words. Yet, in a very few
months afterwards, Hamilton, as Secretary of the
Treasury, issued the following important circular
to collectors of customs-
" Treasury Department, September 22, )7W
" Sir In consequence of arrangement's lately taken mth the
Bank of Nonh Auitticaand the Bank of l\ew Yotk, foi the
accommodation of lhe Government, I am to inform you that it
is my desne mat the notes of dune banks, pnvable euher on
demand or no longer period than thirty days after th*1 r re
speuive dates, should be recwed tn payment of the duties, ai
equivalen to gold and si'ver, and that they will be received
from y ou as such by the Treasuier oí the United States,5   &c
Thus we see thac the Secretary then construed
"gold and silver com only" to mean bank notes
payable thirty days after date. It will be remem-
bered that at that time there were no banks at all
m large portions of this Union, and thus, while the
importers m one section were compelled to pay
duties m "gold and silver com only," m other sec-
tions they could pay in the notes of two banks,
even though they might not be redeemable until
thirty days after date. There is no man sc blind
who cannot understand the operaron oí this sys-
tem. The Secretary then m de hi  report to Con-
gress at the next session in justification of this cir-
cular. This report is dated 22d April, 1790. In
that document he uses, amongst others, the follow-
ing reasons . " That the extension of their (bank
notes) circulation by the Treasury is calculated to
m< rease both the ability and the inclination of the
banks to aid the Government " And he further
says, m the same report, "Bank notes being a con-
venient species of money, «hatever increases their
circulation increases the quantity of current mo-
ney." About three months after this report w as
made, Congiess passed another act, on the 4th Au-
gust 1790, and in the fifty-sixth section of it ex-
pressly re-enacted tne exaction of "gjld ard silver
com only," contained m lhe thirtieth section of the
last act. And yet, notwithstanding this, the law
was disregarded. Ine Secretary clearly shows
that he well understood me operation of things
even attbat eaily day. These were the circum-
stances under which was formed ths nucleus of
that great stock interest, into whose power lhe Go-
vernment has been thrown, and which now de-
mands as a right what v as at first granted as a fa-
vor. Sir, in tracing out these events it is well ftr
us to consider the motives and Ae objects of those
who thtn held the future destinies of this Govern-
ment in their hands. Hamillon used this empha-
tic language m 1791:
"Puigoit, (the Butish Con<: uution) of us corruptions, and
give to us popu ai blanch equality of representation, and it
would become an mipiacucable Government, as n stand" at
pre ent, with all its supposed defects, i is the most perfect Go
\ riimem. whichever existed' *
Sir, thii sentence speaks a volume It is lan-
guage of living light that no man can mistake. It
is wonderful now to look back and see his sagacity
and foresight in forming those measures by which
he was to ingraft upon our G ivernmtnt that power
and stability which he so much admired in the
Bntish Constitution, and in which he thought oius
so defective We have witnessed the progress of
this system until it has now spread thiough otu
whole country, reaching m us lamification* all in-
terests i socie y, not oiily demanding ¡>n alliance
with this G temment, but uireatening to dictate
law to this cotiteduacy.
Mr. Chairman, in deciding upon the anion of a
Government, lh°re are far ¡note important matters
to be considered tlvari the pecuniary in erest of this
or that class m soccty An I  t ¡ o rr" a deceive
himself by tne plausible and be at itul lher>i, that
all closes in the body poi tic batea mutual de-
pendence and harmony ot interest trended together,
Let no man suppose mat that which adds power
and profit to a species of capital necessarily has a
corresponding etfect upon labor. 1 utterly deny
the ingenious doctrine, lately put forth from very
high auihonu, ¡hat there is no suth thing m this
country as capital and labor, that all are capitalists
and all are laborers    This is certainly a nev  dls-
"Jcfferiaon's Coirespondenie, page 460, yotume 4
