tone, 1838.___________APPEND
35th Cong--"2nd Sess.
as to force a general reform. But, Mr. Chairman,
if there were no considerations of interest which
would induce the different portions of this
Confederacy to do justice to each other, I
should not fear the result of an appeal
to their sense of right alone. The mass of
the people, in every section of the Union, are just
in their feelings. None of them would deliberately
institute and pursue a course of policy by which
their brethren were to be injured for their exclu-
sive benefit; and if by accident such a system were
adopted, they would themselves be willing
amongst the first to abandon it. In such an appeal
I should not fear to go before the people of any
section of this confederacy; and such is my faith in
their justice that if I were to fail, I should still be
i nclined to thin k that it w as not because they wished to
plunder us, but because I had not made out the
case to their satisfaction. Long, long, sir, may
this spirit of justice remain with our people, for
upon that, at last, will rest the surest guaranty,
and most efficient protection, for the Union. When
the Athenian people rejected, by acclamation, the
proposition which Aristides told them was at the
same time most expedient, but most unjust, they
did themselves more true honor than when covered
with all the glory of Marathon and Salamis. Had
they continued to have cherished this principle in
after times, they would have placed their power
and empire upon the surest of all foundations.
Mr. Chairman, nothing but a sense of duty
and justice to my constituents, could induce me
to offer a view to this House which looked
to the Union by sections, because, sir, I
should be ashamed to give just ground for
even the shade of a suspicion that I would
seek through this Government a benefit for my
own State at the expense of others, or that I
was capable of envying the growth and power of
more prosperous portions of the Confederacy. If
there were no feeling in my heart to teach me bet-
ter,-1 should not dare to make such a proposition,
because I and my colleagues all know that Virgi-
nia would spurn us upon our return if we were to
ask such a boon of injustice. Still less, sir, am I
capable of envying the splendid success of other
sections of my country. When I look around
upon the mighty evidences of the spirit of Northern
enterprise, I not only rejoice, but, as an American,
1 feel proud of them. The tribute which Burke
paid to this spirit in its infancy, was just even then;
but he had not seen it as he might now see it, in all
the freshness of maturing vigor. He had not seen
it, as he might now see it, conducting its mighty
march through the wilderness to leave civilization in
the morning where it rested but the night before, er
disturbing the ancient silence of the primeval woods
with the panting speed of the Sying car. He had
not seen it as now, cutting paths for its commerce
through the deep foundationsof the everlasting hills,
or toiling up the mountain summit with the rich
present? which the far West sends greeting to the
steep Atlantic stream. He had seen it waging
successful warfare with difficulties which subdue
all feebler races; but he had not seen it as now
tamiiiar viith every clime, gathering tribute in
every sea; and when there was neither turf nor
twig to be rendered as the emblem of its seisin,
bearing away the frozen fields of the northern seas,
to allay the burning thirsts cf (he line, and to ex-
change for the fruits of a summer clime. I do
sec these monuments of their enterprise more use-
ful, if not so enduring, as those of the Pharaohs,
and I never see them that the response does not
rise from my heart, "made vhtute"—go on and
prosper in the cultivation of these and every other
manly virtue. But, sir, when I have paid this
tribute to Pyrrhus refusing to take his ease at his
feast, though rich witti all the spoils of the east,
I am not to be blamed for turning to render
the deeper homage of my heart to the honest po-
verty of Fabficius. Surely " my own, my native
lami"—the mother who bore me, may justlv claim
a share of my regard. When I ask that Virginia
shall participate equally in the benefits of the Go-
vernment, 1 seek nothing more than her due, for no
Stale has contributed more largely to the common
•stock of the Union.
But ¡t is said that we cannot carry on commerce
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
independent 'Treasury—Mr Hunter.
in the South under any system of policy, because
nature has designed us for another destiny. I
shall not now join issue upon this proposition,
although I do not see why I might not if I chose.
Our people descend from the same stock, our har-
bors are as fine, our rivers are as deep, and pene-
trate as far, as those of any other section, and our
productions constitute the great mass of exports to
foreign countries. But, sir, I do not join issue
upon this proposition, because it is enough for me
that, if the action of the Government is equal, and
trade is left free, it will flow where it is most pro-
fitable. Then, sir, if it be piofitable to conduct it
in our borders, it will flow there; and if it be not,
it will remain where it is carried on to more ad-
vantage. In either way, the ends of justice will be
attained, which is all that I desire. But, Mr.
Chairman, we are told not only here, but in another
wing of this building, that the common interest and
good of the whole require the centralization of busi-
ness and credit in some one grand city of this
Union. A much wiser view, I think, was that of
De Tocqueville, the distinguished author of the
book upon American Democracy. In his opinion,
such a centralization of business and credit is
inimical to the success of the experiment which
we are  making in Republican Government.
Sir, what is the nature of the interest which we
are supposed to have in this centralization1? Is it
pecuniary or political 1 It is surely not the interest
of the whole in a pecuniary point of view. Under
this system the Southern producer, instead of send-
ing his products directly abroad, sends them first
to New York, and thence to their place of ultimate
destination. His commodities are thus charged
with an extra freight and commission. The
Southern consumer receives his portion of the
return cargo by the same circuitous route ; he, too,
is charged with an extra freight and commission.
This process surely is far from being beneficial to
the South, if, when trade- was free, iis portijn
would go directly out and in. Again, a great por-
tion of the West sells in the South, and is forced
to carry this money to the North for the articles
which it buys; so that its trade is charged with
the expense of this exchange. But it is said that
the Western dealer lays this charge upon his com-
modities, and thus does not suffer by the operation.
Be it so, then, for argument's sake; still it results
in a loss to the Southern consumer, which would
not be for the common interest of the whole, if,
when trade is free, the West would buy where it
sells, and thus relieve this important branch of
business from the expense of exchange. But, in
point of fact, Mr. Chairman, it will be found
that the West does not escape this expense so entire*
b' as is supposed Any thing which necessarily tends
to raise the pnce of its productions, diminishes the
quantity consumed. It is an established fact, that
as prices fall, the consumption increases, like the
circles as you descend the cone. As the natural
price or cost of production decreases, the consump-
tion extends, the demand becomes more steady,
and Ihe producer is more prosperous.
Where, then, is this common benefit? Is it in the
centralization of credit? When one city becomes
the focus or centre of the whole credit system of
the Union, whatever affects it, either by accident
or design, affects the whole system. The value of
the entire property of the community, depends
upon the skill and fidelity with which this city
directs the operations of credit. The whole system
is under its control, and that system extends over
such a range of country, and such a variety oí in-
terests, that it is impossible for any degree of human
skill, placed at one point, to embrace the whole
in its providence, or to manage it efficiently. If,
on the contrary, there were several centres of trade
and credit in the Union, one system might fall, and
yet the others might stand entire to assist and sus-
tain it. The calamity would not be common. As
it was, however, under the late centralization of
commerce and credit m New York, we have
all seen how extensive was its control over
¡he property of the Union. Every bank in
ihe country fell at the approach of the cou-
rier who brought the news of the suspension
of specie payments in New York, as if he
had been the angel  of death itself.     I think then
OLOBE.____________443
H. of Reps, -f
I have shown, Mr. Ghairman, that the benefit of this
centralization is not pecuniary. Is it political! Caa
it be, s>'r, that it is for the common interest of the
Union to place its whole credit and property under
the control of any one city, no matter where placed?
Ought our people to wish so tremendous a power
to be placed in the hands of a few who cannot be
responsible to them for its use'? Do not those le-
gislators, whom the world calls wise in their own
generation, already begin to look more for instruc-
tions to the price current, which brings the news of
the rise and fall of stocks in New York, than to the
opinions and wishes of their constituents'? We
have seen that no man can propose a reform in the
policy of this Government, no matter how essen-
tial, but that this awful sheet is waved as a "me-
mento mori," before his eyes, if the measure should
happen, in the slightest degree, to diminish the pro-
fit or power of these stock interests. Sir, if this
connection between Bank and State is permitted to
coatinue much longer, the day is not far distant,
when we shall see the couise of our Government,
like that of trade, regulated by exchange. In taking
this view of the case, Mr. Chairman, I by no
means design to disregard the just interests, or to
disparage ¡he future prospects, ot New York. On
the contrary, I believe that she has nothing to desire
but free trade. It is neither her interest nor ours,
that the control of the whole trade and credit sys-
tem of the Union should be forced by legislation
upon her. The concern is too vast for her ma-
nagement; and she would only injure both us and
herself m making the attempt. The region of
country whose trade and credit, nature has obvi-
ously designed for her regulation, is vast enough to
to task all of her energies, and to afford them as much
exercise as can be healthful. So long as the action
of this Government continues equal, she will grow
in prosperity. While the mighty Hudson holds
his majestic way, he will continue to bear her upon
his bosom the rich offerings of the far regions
from whence he comes. And so long as the winds
of Heaven perform their course from clime to
clime, they will waft to her shores commerce with
its choicest gifts.
So far, Mr. Chairman, I have been examining
the operation of this bill upon the pecuniary interests
of the country, and I have endeavored to show that
this operation was just and salutary. I come now
to the political view of the sepaiation which this
bill proposes between the banks and the Govern-
ment. It is here that some of the strongest argu-
ments in favor of the bill are, in my opinion, to ba
found, for I feel assured in the conclusion that it is
to operate as a purifying reform upon our political
institutions.
In the first place, it will relieve the General Go-
verns ent fioni a dependence upon the State banks.
While a connection subsists between the two, no
matter how well Government may manage its af-
fairs, yet it will have to share the sufferings and
embarrassment of the banks, if they mismanage
their concerns. It will be forced to take all the
consequences of ihe errors of the banks, notwith-
standing its inability often to have prevented them.
Under the old s_\stein, it gave the use of its cre-
dit and funds, and then if they became embarrass-
ed, it could not withdraw the fits!, without adding to
the distressof thecommuniiy,norcouldit command
the other, until it was convenient to the banks to pay
them over. Under the proposed change, its funds
being in the hands of its own officers, would always
be withdrawn for its purposes; and using nothing
but specie in its receipts and payments, enough of
this medium would be reserved m the hands of the
people for the necessary wants of the Government,
at all times, and in every state of affairs. Iu addi-
tion to this, it would then be m the power of the
State Legislatures to reform, at their own pleasure,
these institutions, without embarrassing the Gene-
|  ral Gavtsrnment.
i But there is yet another roforii proposed by this
| bill, which is of still mere importance in a political
! po.nt of view. It takes irom the Executive the
power of using mdirectly the public funds. Ii take 
from him the power of controlling the bank patron-
age, through their use of Government credit and
funds, and of regulating throughhhem the currency,
so far, at least, as to alter the standard of value "at
