446
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Swae, 1SS&,
25 l H C0NG----2lND SkSS.
Indi pendent Treasury—Mr. Potter.
H. ot Reps.
England, as the index of its expansions and con-
tractions' m Us new business. This bank has found
from experience, that the readiest way of curtail-
ing its business is. to ra*se the rate ot interest.
This throws out all of that demand which comes
from employments of low or doubtful prolit, whilst it
Jetsm thjse whose natural rateot profit is high and
certain. Ours, on the contrary, curtail upon all
indiscriminately—ihe safe as well as  he uoubtful,
or, having no fixed and equitable rule by which to
discnmmnte between their customers, they make
peisonal distinctions which are odious to society.
Let us look now to the operations of exchange.
This consists of two branched. The first is a sys-
tem of oflsetts, which dispenses with the use of cur-
rency. For instance, the merchant in Mobile,
outs the merchant in Richmond ¿1,000, the mer-
chant in Richmond owes the merchant in New
York a like amount; a na the New Yoik merchant
ones him fiom Mcbile the same. Now the dealei
in exchange who coit'd command all these obliga-
tions would settle ¡hem without the Use of a cent
oí conency This is the great and beneficial part
ot the business oí exchange. A dealer ot large
capital would perform this business much better
than one with a smaller amount, because u is
manifest that the greater the numoer and amount
cf obligations commanded by one dealer, the greater
the prospect tor setting them til against each othtr.
In this point ot View, too, u might be necessary to
use aggregate capital m Older to employ it eif>-
ciently m this business. But here again Uie cut-
rency function was unnecessary, because this busi-
ness, hte aH others, has i's natural rateot profit,
which would of itself invite the employment of
capital, wituout the aid of bounties and monopo-
lies so mischievous to the community. Indeed it
is known to be tne natuialand profitable part
ot the business of banking There is however an-
other branch ot this business, not here so impor-
tant or extensive, to which I would call the attention
oí the committee before I conclude It will some-
times happen, that after selling off all oí the obliga-
tions to or irom a particular city, the balance of
trade will be against it Now the transportation
of the money to discharge this debt cannot be
made without cost. As the city owing the debt de-
s.red the consideration fir which it  ai contracted,
so it is just and natura that this expen-e should be
borne by it. And it anj bank undertakes to trans-
ler it lor nothing, it does so, because Government
has given it some privilege of pecuniary value,
which compensates them ft r their loss. Tins is
mamte^t, iiom the nature oí the thing, and if they
pretend that the poi'.er to usue currency, enables
them to pei form tins task w thout cost to them-
se vs or others, they state the account erroneously.
They do net make this change of funds without
cost to themselves. But foi the immense advan-
tage of the exclusive power to coin paper money,
lhe\ may w ell undertake to assume this burden.
It is obvious, however, at the 'ame time that
Government wojld be doing much more jus-
tice to the community, evtn if it weie to take
upon itself the immediate charge of carrying this
money from city to city m Us own ships.
It seems to me clear therefore, Mr. Chairman,
that so far as exchange saves much oí the cost ot
transporting money by setting off mutual demands
against each other, the banks could perform the
business profitably to themselves and others, with-
out ihe power to issue a cent of currency; while on
the other hand, the cost of transporting thp actual
ballances due upon trade from cay tocity, ought of
light to fall upon them who benefit by trade; and
¡t is unjust to  he community at large to give the
banks the power oí altering the standard oí value
to their own profit, for the smaller loan oi their
uoingthis comparatively unimportant branch of
exchange w nhout cost to the merchant.
Mr Chairman, I have endeavored to examine
the subject in which I have been engaged fainy
and impirtially. I have certainly expressed my
opinions candidly, perhaps too boldly. When I
looked to the magnnude ci the interests nr'olved
in our discussions, I hesitated whether I ought to
place before the public these icsults ot my humble
reflections and immatmed experience. .But when
1 remembered that my name had no weight to give
authority to opinions which are unpopular in
themselves, I was convinced, that, if erroneous,
their expression could injure none but myself,
whilst it true, it was right that they should be
knot. n. The task which I have executed, in some
respects, has been painful. I regretted to differ
nith men whose superior wisdom I ackow-
ledge, and with whom I should have been
happy to have agreed, had the constitution
of our minds permitted it. Perhaps this regret
would have been deeper, if imputations as to the
pal ty motives of those who support this bill had
been ha?arded less freely upon this floor. For
myself, i am governed by no party motives upon
such a question as this. I feel myself to be proudly
above them. In saying this, I mean no disrespect
to those who adopt the rules of party action, they
have tne authority of eminent names, perhaps of
public opinion itself, to suslam them in the pro-
priety ot submitting their conduct to such rules.
For one, however, Í never will consent to merge
all individuality of sentiment and action m the
gieat mass of p^rty. I never will take upon my-
self that allegiance which should bind me to obey
the will of a paity, even though the obedience in-
volved a sacrifice of the wishes and dearest inte-
rests oí those wno sent me here. As the agent of
my constituents, I will either represent them, ac-
cording to their sense oí right when 1 know it, or
I  w ill give way lor another who may do it with a
safer conscience. But beyond this, and when they
leave me a free agent, I acknowledge no responsi-
bility to any but to that Being who gave me a con-
science for my guide. Sir, short as my course has
been, there have } et been times when Í should
have turned aside Irom public fife, hear.-sickened
by the narrow disputes of party for power and
ploce, it it had not been for my fixed belief that
great pnuciples weie at work in society, which
would accomplish their results in despite of the
obstacles of a mistaken legislation. I believe that
the Reformer is abroad on the earth to change and
to puiity ; and 1 trust that the day is not distant,
when he will liberate trade, and turn that mighty
innovator loose upon mankind; who, when free to
taKe the range of the earth, w ill tread down the bar-
riers that divide man by sections, and trample upon
those monopolies which array in hostility the diffe-
íent classes of society, which, but for them, would
have an identity of interest and harmony of puipose.
II  the dream of the visionary and philosopher 'iho
sighs for universal peace shall ever be realized, that
work will be accomplished through the agency of
the great principles of free trade; for it is the nature
of these to teach man, through hismterest, to reduce
the rules alike of national law and municipal regu-
lation lo that simple maxim ot Chtiotian ethics,
which commands us " to do as we would be done
by." In conclusion, sir, i must return my thanks
to the committee for indulging me so Ions. As the
best excuse which I can offer, I will say that it has
been a long time since I troubled them before, and,
probably, it will be long before I shall trouble them
again.
¡SPEECH OF MR. POTTER,
Of Pennsylvania.
In the House of Representatives, June 23, 1838—In
the Committee ot the Wnole on the state of the
Union, on the bill reported by the Committie of
Ways and Means, to provide for the collection,
safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of the
public revenue, and the various amendments
offered thereto.
Mr.  POTTER addressed the committee a  fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: The subject has been here and
elsewlieie so fully and ably discussed, that if it
was not for the resolution adopted by the Legisla-
ture of my State, I should feel justified m present;
silence during this debate—a situation much more
consonant to my position m this House; but re-
spect for that body, and a sense of what ,s due to
my constituent^, compel me, leluciantly to tres-
pass on ihe piecious time oi this committee The
resolution to which I lefer, is as follows, viz'
"That our Representativesm Congress be request-
ed, and our Senators instructed to  vote, and use
their influence for a postponement, until the" next
session of Congress, ot the act introduced by the
honorable Silas Wright of New York, commonly
called the Sub-Treasury bill; and that they vote
at this session tor nb act of a similar nature; and
that we have full confidence m Martin Taa Bu-
rén, and in tne wisdom and intelligence of our
Democratic Senators and Representatives m Con-
gress; and our Senators are hereby further instruct-
ed, and our member  requested to vote for such a
mode of receiving, keeping, and uisburswg the
public moneys, as will separate, as far as practica-
ble, the banks from the Government."
Unique as ts this singular production ,and unworthy
as it is of the intelligent people of that State, which 1
have mpaft the hofior to represent On this floor, I
give it my serious deliberation, with a desire to
conform with its behests. It was sustained, and
finally passed, by the vote of every Tederal mem-
ber in the House o( Representatives, and furnish-
ed the anomaly of every political opponent of Mr.
Van Burén m that body declaring tneir confidence
in h¡s " wildom and intelligence," pnd their faith in
their political opponents on this floor, the De-
mocratic portion ef the Pennsylvania delegation;
thereby casting an implied and severe refection ón
those honorable gentlemen of their own political
patty from our State, as undeserved as unmerited.
This instruction process had its origin here, and
is the illegitimate bantling of politicians, instead of
the spontaneous movement of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania. The Governor of our State was
the organ used on that occasion to convey the dicta-
tion of a political cuque, located m this city, to their
humble followers in the Legislature. That high
functionary descended from the dignity of hrs sta-
tion, and became the aider and abettor of this inter
ference in the action of a sovereign State. If an
attempt had been made to dictate to a S'ate Legis-
lature, on a question of vital importance to the
whole American people by this Administration, or
traced to its friends in this House, how justly
would the charge of the unauthorized and unjustifia-
ble interference of the officers oí the .¡National Go-
vernment, with S.ate legislation, been denounced
and sustained! If a Democratic Governor of a
State had lent himself to this attempted degrad alion
of the State, whose honor and destinies had been
confided to his care, what indignation and con tempt
would have been felt and expressed! When we
see the mandate to control and fetter the judgment
of our Senator , and intimidated a portion oí our
representatives in the national councils, concocted
at the seat of the National Government, the re-
script issued to a Chief Magistrate of a State, and
vrmlely obej ed by that functionarj , have we not
cause of dread for the preservation of the State
sovereignties, and alarm at the consolidating ten-
dencies of such proceedings' I, for one, appeal
from this spurious and sybilline msii action ot the
General Assembly, to the free ai.d enlightened
people of my district. To them I am amenable
ior my conduct, as their representative They,
and they alone, have power to instruct, and to their
unbiassed judgment I will most cheerfully submit
my whole political course during the time I am
honored as their organ in this place.
A brief review" of the mode and manner of the
sate-keepmg and deposile oi the public funds, will
lllustiate how the idea arose that banks hatean
inherent right to be the depositories of the publk money.
In fact, it will be found that then u?e, as depósito-
lies, and the leception of their notes ¡n the payment
of the dues of Government, grew up from the cus-
tom ana usage oi the Treasuiy Department, and
not from anj absolute provisions of law. The Con-
tinental Oongiess laid the germ of a Treasury
Department in the resolution of the 29th July, 1775,
b> w hich they appointed Michael Hillegas and Geo.
Ciymer joint treasuieis of the Uniteu Colonies;
and directed the\ shouid gtve bond, with suu'y, for
the latthlul performance of their duties. They
weie duectiy responsible to Ccngress, and held
jheir offices at us will. Tüey were"the depositories
of the public treasure, and paid out the -noney on
warrants <h own by the Pi estdenl of L ongi tss. Under
the aticles ot confederation, Congress, so far as it
posse 5"d the attributes of government, exercised
the blended powers of Legislative and Executive
