June, 1838. ________
25th Cong* •■•2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
447
Independent Treasury—Mr. Fotter.
H. of Reps.
In all the various resolutions and ordinances, up *o
the period of the adoptionof the present Constitu-
tion, whether the superintending powers of the
Treasury Department, including the authority over
the depository of the public funds, was vested in a
committee of Congress, or in commissioners, com-
posed, in part, of members of Congress, or in the
creation of a "civil executive department of the
Treasury, it reserved to itself the control of the
whole system. At first, Congress reserved, as a
power not delegated to any subordinate agent, the
authority of the selection of th e place where the
public moneys should be kept. Subsequently, they
granted it successively to the "Committee on the
Treasury,"- "the Commissioners of the Treasury,"
"the Superintendantof Finance," and "the Board
of Treasury," in subordination to the resolutions
and ordinances of Congress. The new Constitution
separated the Legislative and Executive branches,
and veiled the latter in the President. The reor-
ganization of the Executive departments became ne-
cessary, to render them conformable to the new or-
der ot things effected by the change in the form of
government. This, at the first session of Congress,
under the Constitution, produced the act entitled,
"An act to establish the Treasury Department.'
The duties assigned to the head of the Department,
were assimilated to those pointed out, by the ordi-
nance of the Continental Congress, to the Superin-
léndant of Finance; and an officer called the
" Treasurer" was to be appointed, whose duties it
was " to receive and 'keep the moneys of the United
Slates,¿and disburse the same upon, warrants." The
construction given to this act, by the first and every
succeeding Secretary of the Treasury, and ac-
quiesced in by every branch of the Government,
was, that it conferred on the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry the power of directing where the public moneys
in the Treasury were to be-deposited. The practice
and usage was, sometimes to place it in the hands
of individuals, sometimes in State banks; and, during
the period of the charter of the old Bank of the
United States, portions of the public moneys were
deposited with i'. The Treasurer, on no occasion
during the period that has intervened from 1789,
attempted to exercise the power of selection. JVb
bank, either State or National, until recently, claimed
any right to be the depository of the treasure of the
people. It was admitted by all the constituted au-
thorities of the nation, as well as by the whole peo-
ple, that the safe-keepingfii the public money was by
law, under the exclusive power of the officers oi the
Government, subject to the supervision of the Pre-
sident, as the head of the Executive department,
and the action oftCongress.
For a period of twenty-seven years subsequent
to the adoption of the Constitution, officers of the
people, selected and appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
were, in fact, the depositaries of the public money.
On the 14th October, 1789, Alexander Hamilton,
Secretary of the Treasury, addressed a circular to
the collectors of the revenue, in which he directs
them " to remit all the notes in hand weekly by
the post to Samuel Meredith," who then held the
situation of Treasurer. As to, the specie, which
the collectors should return, as remaining in their
hands, he informed them, " Ippose that the Trea-
surer shall draw m'ders on you, from time to time, for
the specie." The Treasurer of the United States,
and the collectors for the time being, were the
designated depositaries of the public money. On
the 6th of April, 1790, the Secretary addressed a
circular to all the collectors of Georgia, except
Savannah ; and in it he directed them to " remit all
moneys whkh you may now have on hand, or hereafter
receive, on account of the customs, to John Habersham,
Esq. collector for the port of Savannali-" In the
same circular, he further orders, " this mode of
payment you icill continue till otherwise directed by
me." This shows the practice and usage of the
department*early after its organization under the
Constitution, and proves that there is nothing
novel in the suggestion, that individuals under the
control, and subject to the action, of the people's
Government, should be entrusted with the safe-
keeping of the people's money. If the officers,
elected by the people, can be entrusted, under the
Constitution, with the administration of the Go-
vernment, with the power and patronage incident
to their duties, with the collection, with the dis-
bursement and the raisin  of the revenue, why not
with its safe-keeping? If the people are so innately
corrupt that they cannot confide to themselves the
selection of the depositaries of their own money,
unless corporations are chosen, our Government is
fast toppling to its fall. Representative Govern-
n ents and republican institutions are based on the
purity of the people, and their fitness for self-
government. Their servants, their agents and
represenlatives reflect back the punty or the im-
purity of the constituent body. For one, I must
express my confidence in the intelligence and virtue
of the people of this country, and my firm belief,
that they are as capable of selecting competent
and fit individuals to be entrusted with a sacred
trust, as the directors or stockholders of any
moneyed corporation, or any other corporate body
in the Union. The circular of Albert Gallatin,
Secretary of the Tieasury, of the 25th February,
1811, addressed to the collector of the port of
Philadelphia, shows that he claimed and exercised
the power, as Secretary of the Treasury, of direct-
ing the place of deposite for the public money,
and that he delegated that power to the collector
for the moneys teceived at that port. The act of
1816, chattering the Bank of the United States,
contained a provision in the 16th section, which
declared that the deposites of the moneys of " the
United State?, in places in which the said Bank
and branches thereof may be established, shall be
made in the said Bank or branches thereof, unless
the Secretary of the Treasury shall at any time
otherwise order and direct." By the provisions of
this section, the authority of the Secretary, as to
the selection of the depositary, in places other than
where the Bank or us branches were located, re-
mained untouched, as it had existed previous to its
enactment. And m case the Secretary " should
order and direct" the deposites to be withheld from
the Bank of the United States, for satis'actory
reasons to be assigned to Congress at its next
session, after the issuing of the order, the whole
power of selection was remitted, under the existing
laws, to the Secretary.
When this event occurred, we find the selection
made by that officer, as had been the uniform prac-
tice under the act of 1789. From the lime of the
charter of the late Bank of the United States to the
removal of the deposites in 1833, the Bank of the
United States and its branches were generally used
as the fiscal agents of the Treasury Department,
although not exclusively so. In 1817 an arrange-
ment was entered into between the Bank and the
Secretary of the Treasury, by which it was stipu-
lated that in places where it had no branches, the
Bank was to designate certain State banks in which
the public money should be deposited, and for
whose fidelity in discharge of the trusts confided to
them it would hi responsible to the Government.
This arrangement went i.ito effect, and continued
in operation until the 30th day of June, 1818,
when it terminated, in consequence of difficulties
arising between the selected State banks and the
Bank of the United States. On its termination the
Bank intimated to the Treasury Department that,
thenceforward, it could receive nothing in deposite
as cash but the legal currency of the country, or its
own notes. It is a remarkable fact, that this dis-
crimination of the Bank to receive, as the fiscal
agent of the Government, under the provisions of
its charter, on deposite, as cash, nothing but specie
or its own notes, created no alarm for the safety of
the great credit system; nor was its policy denounced
as rumous to the interests of the people, or ar-
raigned as hostile to the State tnsututions. Where
then slumbered the sentinels whose voices now
so loudly proclaim the danger from an analogous
measure, sustained and advocated by the great
body of the Democracy of the country? Their
patriotism slept when a great moneyed corporation,
the god of their idolatry, advanced the doctrine of
the non-reception of State bank notes, convertible
at the will of the holder into the precious metals,
on deposite, by that institution. Their de-otion to
the Bank did not falter or waver for a single
moment. The kind of money that teas not good
enough to be received by it as cash, is abundantly
fit for the people and their Government, in the esti-
mation of these new-fledged Whigs and patriots.
When the President recommends the collection
and disbursement of the public dues in the "legal
currency," he and his friends are assailed in
bilingsgate language, which vies with that of the
fish market in chaste beauty. They are denominated
Loco Focos, Destructives, and denounced as hostile
to the banks and the credit system.
The act of 1836 regulating the depssites, consti-
tutes the latest action of Congress on this subject.
Its provisions are familiar to all who are conver-
sant with the legislation of Congress.   The States
became the depositories of I he surplus revenue on
hand, and banks, to be selected by the Secretary of
the Treasury on specified terms, became the depo-
sitories of the accruing revenue; and that portion
which it was deemed advisable to retain, to meet
any exigencies of the Government.   The suspen-
sion of specie payments in May, 1837, by the State
banks, in compliance with the provisions of the act
of 1836  terminated their connection \v::h the Go-
vernment, as fiscal agents, for the time being, and
threw the Treasury Department back upon the act
of 1789, as the regulator of the depositories of the
public money.    For how short a period during the
existence of our country as an independent nation,
have bank , by express laxo, been the sole deposito-
ries of ihe public money?   On the 20th November,
1789, Mr. Secretary Hamilton, in a circular letter
addressed to the collectors of Massachusetts, di-
rected them to deposite  in the Bank of Boston
"whatever money may come to their hands;" and
he further instructed them rhat they were to conti-
nue to do so until they  should  ''-receive  a counter-
mand" from him.   The reason assigned for this
order exhibits the views of the Secretary,  and  the
motives which, in the then situation of the internal
communications and   commerce of   the  country,
governed and controlled bis policy.    It was to ena-
ble him, "as/or as possible, to avail the public of the
revenues arising  in that  State, without drawing Hie
specie out of it, by facilitating the negotiation ofdrafts."
From this small beginning, intended to facilitate
the operations of the Treasury, and protect the
specie circulation in a State, from whence, at that
day, a great portion of the revenue was derived,
has the claim of the banks, which now over shadows
the whole land, arisen?   It is, and has been, the
boast and glory of the founders of our Constitu-
tion, that they saw at a distance the mighty growth
and extension of this Republic, and to  have laid
the foundations of a great, free, and powerful na-
tion. We have increased in population and wealth,
and acquired an adamantine  strength, which no
foreign power can affect.    So long as   the people
are true to themselves, this Republic will be inde-
structible.    Such has been the rapid increase of our
commerce, navigation, agriculture, and manufac-
tures, that it was thought necessary to establish
numerous bank---,  by State legislation,  under  the
fallacious idea of increasing capital; many of these
went into  operation without a  sufficient metallic
basis, and were, in all respects, without solidity of
capital, or prudence of management.    The  idea
prevailed that a bank was the panacea for every
real or imaginary evil.    When their own cupidity
and mismanagement caused them to dishonor their
credit, every   nerve   is   strained   to clear   their
own skirts, and cast  the odium on the  National
Government.    To change the Administration  many
of them have entered the arena of politics, to co-
erce the Government and the people to entrust them
with the custody of the public moneys.for the avowed
purpose of discounting upon it, and using  it as ca-
pital, to increase and swell their profits.    To com-
pel the people  to receive and dishutse their notes,
in the expenditures of the Government, so as to ex-
tend their circulation,  and give  them  a fictitious
credit, they are entrenched behind "the cotton bags,"
have closed their vaults,  and refused to pay their
debts.   In these dishonored entrenchments they are
counselled to remain until the "enemy" are driven
from the country, by the presiding officer of the most
powerful bank in the Union.    To what enemy dues
he aiiuae?    To a foreign foe.    No: the reference
is to the servants of the people, elected and select-
ed by them to administer the  Government, un-
der  the Consfitution; to  the downfall of the Re-
