May, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
25th Contg-"'2s¡d Sess.
Indian Hostilities—Mr. Chapman.
H. of Reps.
the Union, was for the General Government to
keep itself within its constitutional sphere, and not
to exercise powers which did not belong to it, in
pursuing a partial and oppressive system, the effect,
if not the object of which is to build up one section
of the Union at the expense of another. For, he
must say, he viewed this system i>f internal im-
provements by the General Government as not
only oppressive and partial, but as unconstitution-
al also. Its injustice and unequal operation, when
attempted tj be carried out, would go far to con-
vince him that the wise men who framed the Con-
stitution, never intended to confer such a power on
the Federal Government, unless, indeed, the clame
of the Constitution can be pointed out, which ex-
plicitly and unequivocally confers it. Not only
does experience .show the injustice of such a system,
but it would seem to him, teat from the beginning,
it must have been foreseen by those who consider-
ed the subject, that such a system could result in
nothingelse than injustice. It would have given
him great satisfaction, if gentlemen who advo-
cate the bill, instead of referring to the names who
have- sustained or have seemed to sustain this sys-
tem, to prove it* constitutionality had pointed to
the clar.se in the Constitution where the power is
conferred. It can surely do no harm to go to the
Consi.U\lion itself; for "a frequent recurrence to
fundamental principles," is necessary as a safe-
guard to our liberties, and to prevent tl.e Constitu-
tion itself from being overwhelmed by glosses and
constructions, and the opinions of those who not only
were not its framers, but who hav? no senti-
ments m common with those disui.yuisáed ¡satriots.
The consequences to which thepo.--sp- iou of this
power by the General Govemmer.i must lead go
very far to show how cautious we should be about
hastily admitting its existence. Mr. Monroe's
name had been mentioned as among those in favor
of the exercise of this power. Mr. A. believed it
was in 1832, that Mr. Monroe returned with his
veto a bill, establishing toll-houses and toll-gates
on the Cumberland road, on the principle, that if
Congress possess the power to enter a State, inter-
fere in their domestic concerns, to erect toll-gates
upon their roads, to establish a system of police
over them, and inflict penalties for its violations,
and create tribunals, before which such offences
misiit be tried, every barrier between Federal Mid
State authority would be at once be prostrated; and
so far as entire jurisdiction over the post roads of
the country, for ih-s purpose of levying tolls to
keep them m repair, could extend, that this princi-
ple would lead to perfect consolidation. Yet the dis-
tinguished Senator from Kentucky, to whom he had
alluded, contended, certainly with great plausibility,
that the power to make the road admitted, the rest all
followed as incidental to it, and as a necessary
consequence. And he [Mr. A.] would again say,
that it would give him great pleasure if the advo-
cates of this power would point out that particular
claube m the Constitution, from whence (hey de-
duce it.
The people of the State he had the honor, in
part, to represent, as long ago as 1822, had thought
this subject of so much importance that they ex-
pressed, through their Legislature, by a most de-
cided majority, their utter disapproval of the system
of internal improvements by the General Govern-
ment, both on account of its unconstitutionality
and its inexpediency. They have ever been uni-
form in this opinion. They feel and know its in-
justice and inequality and oppressiveness. They
have made their own roads, unaided by t'ie Gene-
ral Government; they are willing to do it. "Why,
then, shall they be taxed to make roads in the
flourishing, fertile, and rich States of the West?
Sir, it is monstrous and wicked injustice. Let it
not be thought that the opposition of his constitu-
ents to this system arose from any hostile feeling
towards the Western States. Par from this. No
longer ago th3n the last year they instructed their Se-
nators, and requested their Representatives,in Con-
gres? to u>e their exertions to procure "such gradu-
ation of the prices and limitation of the sales of the
public lam-is as will best promote the settlement
and actual occupancy of the same." Their soil
is not like that of the fertile and luxuriant West;
but it requires the utmost exertions of the industri-
ous and hatdy population which covers it, to sub-
due and cultivate it, thus serving to promote both
their moral and physical energies. By those ener-
gies and unceasing industry, they are enabled to
provide for themselves the necessaries and even the
luxuries of life, and to spread over their borders as
uniform competence and content as prevail in any
portion of our favored land. They are actuated
by the strongest feelings of attachment towards the
inhabitants of the Western States, who, on account
of the continued stream of emigration which has
poured thitherward from New England, may lite-
rally be called their brethren. But justice to them-
selves requires that they should protest against any
further continuance of this system, so fraught with
evil and injustice.
He would, in conclusion, ask that the Clerk
might read certain resolutions adopted by the Le-
w.i.iinre of New FUmp'hire, Jan. 30, 1837, which
e*\ pressed the views of hir. constituents on this
subject.
REMARKS OF MR. CHAPMAN,
Of Alabama,
In the HotM of Representatives, May 30, 1838—In
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, on the bill making appropriations for the
suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida, ex-
ecuting the late treaty with the Cherokees, and
the removal of that tribe west of the Missis-
sippi.
Mr. CHAPMAN addressed the committee as fol-
lows:
Mr. Chairman: it was not my intention origi-
nally to participate in the debate oa the question
now before the committee; but since remarks which
I conceive to be of a most extraordinary character,
have fallen from some of the gentlemen who have
preceded me, it would seem to be my bounden duty
to make a few observations upon this subject. Be-
sides, the whole of the Cherokee country ia the
•State of Alabama, is embraced in my immediate
district, and forms a large portion of its territory.
No other member from my own State is so deeply
interested as myself; and perhaps the constituents
of no gentleman from either of rhe other States im-
mediately concerned, are so extensively involved in
interest as my own. I trust, therefore, my peculiar
position will be a sufficient apology for asking the
attention of the committee, if but for a few mo-
ments.
I am not in the habit of indulging in the debates
in this House; for I found, very early after I had
the honor of a seat here, how little was effected by
the speeches made on this floor, notwithstanding
much time was spent in their delivery.
I am aware, however, that many of my constitu-
ents blame me for not more frequently taking part
in the discussions; still, with a view of saving the
time of C< ngress, I forbear, even when strongly
provoked, so fully am I convinced of the total in-
efficiency of these efforts.
I could heartily wish that the people knew these
things as well as I do myself. Then, I am sure,
instead of rewarding those who consume the time
of the House, and squander the public money, by
long and fruitless harangues, they would select
oiher? who would talk less and think more.
. I never speak, sir, for home consumption; and
yet, on looking around at those empty seats, I am
admonished that unless I do that it will be of little
or no use to speak at all; for there are but very
few present to hear me. Of this, however, I do
not complain, as did the member from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Naylor,] who immediately preceded me,
and whose views on the question now before us
differ so materially from my own.
That gentleman rose to address the committee
evidently under feelings of powerful excitement.
He had a studied eulogy to pronounce on his cele-
brated champion, John 'Ross, and, in his own ex-
alted imagination of his powers of oratory, a most
withering denunciation of all who disagreed with
him in .opinion of that individual, or in the wild,
enthusiastic, and fanatical notions he had con-
ceived, and has just psured forth here with so much
vaunting,   ^hen he got up, he flattered himself
that this was the fit occasion, this the very day,
hwen immortal honors and glory would await him,
and crown his «access; but after be looked around
on this floor, and gazed with aa earnest stare at tb«
galleries above, as one about to "cut fantastic
capers before high Heaven," and seeing few to wit-
ness his grand display, in rage he cries, " I am
mad!" Again he struggles in these load and bois-
terous strains, as if he designed to reach a distant ear,
or bring even " spirits from the vasty deep." He
calls for all to come! They heed him not, and he
still says, " / am mad!" With such enthusiasm, in
a manner so frantic, displayed on an occasion when
sober reason ought to have been predominant, ac-
companied, too, by such a declaration so often re-
peated, I almost resolved that it would be improper
to notice or comment on any thing that fell from
one in a state of mind so perfectly irresponsible;
nor shall I, at least to the extent I well might do,
but will suppress much of what had eccurred to me
by way of retort.
That gentleman stated in the outset, that he had
carefully read and examined the volume of docu-
mentary papers relating to the Cherokee affair,
contaúág more than 1,000 pages, and found not
one insinuation against John Ross; and before he
concluded his speech, read a letter, [he might
have found many,] directly contradicting the asser-
tion he set out with. Now, sir, I did not rise to
investigate the character of Ross; for I do not perceive
what bearing it has on the present inquiry; but
without pretending that I have been as industrióos
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to read this
entire volume, yet I have seen enough in it to con-
vince me, that the subject of his extravagant eulo-
gy, in his intercourse with this Government, has
acteá with great duplicity; and with a view to ad-
vance his own interest, at the sacrifice of the Che-
rokee nation.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, in his zeal
for the Cherokees, seems to have been so far car-
ried away by his sympathies, as to forget altogether
that he is a citizen of the United States; but turns
a deaf ear to the cries of his own fellow-citizens.
He comments with great severity, on the con-
duct of two individuals, who had acted as at-
torneys for the Cherokees, for having aided in bring-
ing about the late treaty; charging it as a violation
of their trust, and a breach of their professional en-
gagement. He looks to one side of the case only,
and has shown himself to-day truly an advocate of
the Cherokees, instead of a cool and reflecting le-
gislator. When the heart-rending tale is related to
him of his slaughtered countrymen by savage cru-
elty—when the bloody scene of Indian butchery—
the work of the tomahawk and scalping-knife, is
exhibited to his view—when he sees the torch ap-
plied to the houses of his own fellow-citizens, by
savage hands, in the still hour of midnight, and de-
fenceless and innocent women and children, while
attempting to escape, massacred by the light of
their burning habitations—he heeds not, but says:
"I am engaged as the advocate of their oppressors,
and will afford no relief." Great God! is this the
language of an American statesman? Does the
fate of this nation depend on such counsellors?
Havs the sons of our gallant fathers, who fought
to establish this Government on principles of equal
rights, and which has for more than half a century
moved on prosperously, so degenerated in patrk t-
ism? I trust the gentleman will, now that be has
blown off his steam and become cool, reconsider
kis rash determination. I leave him, therefore, to
pursue his own sober and dispassionate reflections.
I pleaded my excuse for trespassing oh the time
of the committee, because of the deep interest my
constituents have in the subject now under con-
sideration. That interest is involved only so far as
the bill and proposed amendments provide for ap
prop iations to suppress hostilities in the Cherokee
country, and for removing that tribe west of the
Mississippi, in conformity with the treaty of De-
cember, 1835.
These appropriations are opposed by gentlemen,
as they allege, on the grounds that no treaty has m
fact been made, and that the instrument purporting
to be a treaty is not binding on the Cherokees, and
ought not to be enforced.
I propose to examine this subject, by considering,
