t60                             APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.____________June, lg$$.
85th ConG'-'-^nd Sess.                                 Independent Treasury—Mr. Duncan. .__________________________           H. of Bep8.
~                                                                      ------------------------------------■---------------------------------
made should be kept secret. This was not the
worst: when Ohio's frontier soil was fertilized with
Ohio and Kentucky's richest and best blood—when
the land was desolated, and the swamps and dense
thickets were the hiding places and only home of
hundreds of women and children—when the red
scalping knife was hardly permitted to dry —when
the farmers chests were drained of their last dollar,
their barns of their last bushel of grain, and their
houses of their choicest sons, to support the droop-
ing and desponding troops, and fill up their thin
ranks—it was then, when application was made to
Congress for men, means, and munitions of war,
the Government was derided, the war denounced,
and its friends and supporters sneeringly asked "if
this was the entertainment to which we were in-
vited at the declaration of war?" and this by men
now high in the confidence of a certain party. All
this hostility to the war was felt and manifested by
northern capitalists, and so long as the same causes
exist, so long will the same effects and feelings be
produced.
What, sir, would be the situation of your Go-
vernment, in time of war, with your revenue in the
possession of the banks, and the banks owned (as
they all almost are, or their capital, which is the
same,) by northern and British capitalists, with
British feelings and British attachments, such as
the capitalists were during the last war, and as
they will be during the next. Then, sir, I think
the policy bad and dangerous to connect the Go-
vernment with banks, under such unequal circum-
stances, under such great disadvantages to the Go-
vernment, and the people whose Government it is.
Sir, much as I would dread, l>ar, and abhor a
anion of Church and State, I would not consider
such a union half so dangerous as a union of Bank
and State. The former would operate to the pre-
judice of our liberties, through the medium of 'he
conscience—a very slender and a very scar„ cani-
cie these days of political corruption, and moral
and pecuniary depravity; but the latter would ope-
rate to the destruction oí our liberties, through the
medium of the purse, which is the god of our souls,
and divinity of our worship. Sir, since the hard
and tory timss about which I have been talking,
one of the great parties of this country has often
changed its name, but men and principles are the j
same.                                                                        !
But, sir, I am afraid to try this scheme again of
giving the banks the control of the Government
finances.    I fear another bank explosion; then will ¡
follow the cry of panic; ruin, mismanagement, cor-
ruption, and profligacy of the Administration, will
be howled, hyena like, from Mains  to  Mexico.
Yes, sir, this is the object.    It is to have another
explosion, to ripen the people for a great central
National Bank, about which Federalism can rally
and consummate its  political schemes,  and esta-
blish its favorites in power.    The Opposition care
little about the prosperity of the local bank system;
that is, the leaders  of it.   Their interests are too
much diversified, and they are too widely spread
over the countiy, to bring ¡hem to bear with suffi-
cient force and power upon their political efforts.
There is, in the local bank system, too great a want
of concert of action for their purposes.   They will
take them rather than have nothing of the kind; for
so far as they can be brought to bear, they answer
generally a good purpose.   Yes, they would even
take the Conservative plan into their keeping, rather
than be without the assistance of corporations in
their political movements.   It is a great National
Bank they want, and I trust the people will not per-
mit themselves to be gulled.   The  question is, a
National Bank, or a complete and undivided Inde-
pendent Treasury system.     There is no middle
ground.   The half-way house (Conservatism) is  |
now deserted; it stands m the-wilderness " solitary !
and alone.    The highway has be:n taken from it;  j
its windows are shattered; its doors are broken from ;
their hinges.   The raven croaks from its  chimney j
top by day; the owl hoots from its garret by night; I
the wild wolf howls  from its threshold  unscarcd;  j
and not a solitary human foot enters it but that of I
the prowling midnight thief and robber. Misnamed
Conservatives are now seen wandering  in small,
scattered remnants, like the lost children of Israel,
wattHjg for a call or edict of admission into the
Whig ranks, whom they can join without much sa-
crifice of feeling or principle; for the real difference
between them is the difference between
Twedledum and twedledee.
Although they have claimed to belong to the
Democratic party, yet they never were of. the true
blue. They were not dyed in the wool. They
were the calico Democracy. These Conservatives
are an upright class of politicians. So far as my
experience and acquaintance of them goes, I must
pronounce them the most upright politicians I have
ever seen. ' Indeed, they are so very upright that,
let the political wind come from what point of the
compass it may, whether from the North, the
South, the East, or West, it never fails to incline
them to the modern Whig side of the party line.
Sir, I see too much of the treachery of Sinon,
and too much of the cunning of Ulysses, in the
Conservatives, for my purpose. Their scheme is
like the Trojan horse; it is too enormous to be ad-
mitted into the Democratic city without breaking
down her walls, demolishing her ramparts, and de-
stroying her sentinels, which have defended her
liberties for more than half a century. Moreover,
sir, when admitted it will be found to be filled with
armed Greeks, ready to open the gates to their
companions in crime and in arms, who will mur-
der your citizens, and lay waste your city. Sir,
the Democracy are unwilling that this monster
shall be consecrated to Minerva. But I hope for
thus hurling our javelin against the side of this
horse, whose hollow sound is sufficient to convince
all that it is filled with hypocrisy and danger, we
shall not share the fate of the unfortunate Laocoon.
I hope we shall not invoke the wrath of Neptune,
and be strangled to death with serpents.
Sir, the propositions of the Conservatives "are
like the earthen pots of Hannibal. They are full
of snakes and poisonous reptiles, which, if thrown
into the Democratic ship, will coil round the Con-
stitution, crush and strangle our free institutioas,
and poison and corrupt the fountains of Demo-
cracy, from which flow the pure principles of civil
and religious liberty.
Sir, when the banks suspended specie payments,
the Conservative plan, which is now recommended,
was in full operation; and yet the whole argument
of the friends of this measure is to establish cenfi-
dence in the banks, and the business and prosperity
of the conntry will instantly revive. Yes, sir, we
have heard this cry ef confidence, confidence, until
our ears have been ¡shattered and our stomachs
nauseated. How, sir, are you going to establish
confidence in a set of institutions that are destitute,
from their very ratures, of the moral and intrinsic
requisites which entitle them to confidence, and
especially to so great a trust as that of the manage-
ment of the finances of this Government. And
why, sir, in May, 133", when they were in the full
possession of not only the confidence of the Go ■
vernment, but were in possession of her broad
panoply of protection and m the practical use of
her vast revenue—xvfeen their credit constituted the
circulating medium of this va?t, wide-spread domi-
nion, and their paper was received in payment of the
Government revenue and in all the vast and extensive
commercial and mercantile transactions, and in
domestic consumption—I ask, when the banks
enjoyed all these advantages, public and private,
why did they suspend specia payments? And I
ask further, if this Government patronage—the
possession and use of the vast funds of the Go-
vernment, as well her deposited revenue as her
undrawn balances, together with the unlimited
public and private confidence which they enjoyed—
was not all-sufficient to enable them to sustain
themselves and to continue to redeem their bills,
how will the simple act of the Government to
receive in payment of her revenue the notes of
specie-paying banks, restore confidence in the
banks, so as to enable them to resume specie pay-
ments and revive the prosperity of the country? I
leave the Conservatives to answer these questions.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garland]
says tauntingly, "these principles [Conservative]
were good Democratic doctrines in '35-36; why
are they not good Democratic doctrines now?"
I answer, because the local banks have forfeited
the confidence that Government, or rather the
Democratic party, reposed in, them; and further; tfie
question really involves no party principles, sai
ought to be treated as an abstract question of finan-
cial expediency. It has been mads a party ques-
tion for political effect.                 •                 '
If it -was Democracy ia 1835-36 fo give the
banks the control of the Government revenue;
while they had the conSdence t>f the Government;"
it is no reason- why it should Be Democracy in
1837-38, since they have forfeited all confidence 6*f
the Government. Prior tothe American Revolu-
tion, obedience, and submission to British man-
dates was considered patriotic, but such obedience
during the Revolution, and after the confirmatien of
our independence, would have been considered
toryism. We have been frequently asked, in rather
taunting tones, by the modern Whigs, why it is
that we are now seeking a divorce from the banks,
when in 1835-36, we were their friends, aad used
them to put down the Bank of the United States?
I would ask in return why it is that the modern
Whigs are now seeking an alliance ef friendship,
(pretended I suspect only for political eflect) with
the banks, when in 1835-'36, they denounced
them corrupt and imbecile institutions, unfit to re-
gulate the currency—pet banks?
Yes, it is said that the Government is trying to
be divorced from the State banks.             - '"_ -./•-'
Sir, I deny that ever the Federal Government
was wedded to, the banks. There is an álHánce be-
tween the Government and the States:.you tmtf
regard that alliance in the character of-a has-'
band, friend, protector,- guardian, or what you
please. To accommodate the Whigs, we will
call it husband; we will agree that the sister States
confederated, and gave up tertaio portions &t partí
of their independence, supremacy, arid meafis, "aJid
out of those constructed a Federal Goverment, and
imposed on that Government the duties of a hus-
band towards them, defining specifically the power
he shall exercise over them in a written Constitu-
tion, which was to stand for all time as a wall of
fire to secure them from any Federal innovations
upon their reserved rights and sovereignties. All
this we know to be true; but was the Federal'Go-
vernment thereby to play the husband with and
for every handmaid that the States might take
into their employ. Was she to"bed and board witk
every wrinkled yellow and toothless washerwo-
men that the States might engage to do that which
which was beneath their dignity to do themselves?
When the Federal Government united in the hono-
rable bonds of matrimony with the States, that
union was superinduced by their youth, beauty, in-
telligence, wealth, and chastity, and every other
requisite necessary to make such an union desira-
abie and permanent. And the defence of the peace
and tranquillity of the States from foreign invasions
and domestic insurrection, and some other express-
ed duties constitute the objeet for which the Fede-
ral Government was formed, all which have been
imposed upon him. By uniting the Federat Go-
vernment with the ioeal banks in any Union Hite
political matrimony, you would impose duties up-
on the Government which it has no power to
enforce, because it cannot interfere with State in-
stitutions, this I have before stated. But,' sop-
posing that there has been something like ma-
trimonial union between the banks and the Go-
vernment, the OBly condition upon which that
union was predicated was the just, faithful, and
honest management of the Government revettae
as her fiscal agents; this condition the banks have
not only failed to perform, but violated ¡it the
most injurious manner, and therefore made the
marriage contract not only  voidable, But ipso facta
void.                                                  ■  '
But, sir, I have another objection to this system
which partakes of the constitalional character; and
in accordance with that objection, I put the same
question that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Dbomgoole] raised, It is this: are not the officers,
directors, stockholders, debtors, agents and attortys
of banks disqualified from holding a seat in Congress,
owing to the direct interest which they may re-
spectively have in those institutions, when they are
made the fiscal agents of the Government? Or If.
yoa please, is a member of Congress not disqwii*
lied from  acting  officially   on  a. proposition Out
