My, i8áá.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4é!
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
measure connected with the banks, ia which he
may have a direct pecuniary interest? Should the
banks be employed as fiscal agents to the Govern-
ment, I trust that all banks that involve the pecu-
niary interest of members of Congress, shall, with-
out exception, be excluded from such employment.
Why is it the trial by jury has time out of mind
been regarded as a sacred and almost apostolic
n.ode of doing justice between man and man? It is a
palladium of liberty; an institution that has done
more to secure the liberty and protect the property
sf the citizen, as well in England as in this country,
and where ever it exists, th,an magna chara, or
the bill of rights of England, or the Revolution or
the Constitution of this country, and all other
causes put together. Why is it so ? It is because
the jury is to be composed of men good and true,
who are to be neither of kin to the parties litigant
nor are they to have an interest to the amount of
a farthing; neither shall the facts |be established
upon which they are to predicate their judicial de-
cision, be presented by witnesses who can be sup-
posed by any possibility interested; neither is the
judge who has an interest in the decision of the
cause to be tried, permitted to expound or explain
the law upon which the cause may turn or rest.
And herein consists the value, of the trial by jury;
it is stripping it of every thing like interest. When
so much care was deemed necessary by the com-
mon law, and our Anglo Saxon ancestors, and
when our immediate ancestors have adopted the
same caution and care, and mads the trial by jury,
with all its common-law guards and protections a
part of our Constitution, to secure to us for all
time in the civil protection it affords, and its se-
curity and protection consists in removing every
thing savoring of interest in the trial, why is the
law-making power not equally to be guarded from
the corrupting influence of interest? We all re-
member well the national interest that was felt
when the question of the recharter of the Bank  of
the United States was before the American people.
There was a .strong party who were in favor of
the recharter of that institution; there was a
stronger party who were opposed to ir. The interest
was intense on both sides; so much a« even to
threaten violence and revolution. The action and
decision of Congress was looked to with agonizing
anxiety. The removal of the deposites of the
public money from the Bank of the Uni-
ted States and the branches thereof, and the deposite
of the same in the local banks produced the same
feverish excitement. And what do you think,
sir? I hold in my hand the Senate journal of that
time; it contains the report of a committee ap-
pointed to examine the Bank of the United States,
with a view to ascertain whether any members
were interested in a pecuniary sense in the Bank.
This report contains the astounding fact, that the
Bank had loaned to members of Congress, who
then owed it, the enormous sum of $400,000. Yes,
sir, members of Congress, whose pecuniary salva-
tion from ruin, and the support of whose families
may have depended on the favor and indulgence of
the Bank, were a part of the men who had to de-
cide this great question between the people and the
Bank. Ought sueh a state of things t<s have exist-
ed? Ought they ever to exist again? Ought the
frailty of man to b<? exposed to such overwhelming
temptaüons? and ought our free institutions to be
exposed to the blighting and withering effects of
such temptations? The law-making power is su-
preme over every temporal institution, except the
Constitution; it is the fountain and source of all
power; and if poisoned, all the streams that
flow from it, will carry -poison and death, by
everv medium through which it flows, to all our
institutions; and even the Constitution, which is
protected mainly by the sanctity of an oath ot
those who administer its powers, may totter and
tumble'by the same poisoning and corrupting influ-
ence of pecuniary interest.
I hope for the honor and reputation of this Con-
gress, and for the credit of the nation, the sanctity
and preservation of the Constitution, our great
charter of rights, and anchor of our political hopes
and civil liberty, that no member of this Congress
has an interest in local banks that could possibly
sway his vote, or swerve his judgment; or, if he
has, I hope he has not so far forgotten his doty to
his conscience, his God, and his country, as to have
voted on a question involving that interest. I do
not charge those members of Congress, who were
indebted to the United States Bank, with being in-
terested in the recharter of the Bank in conse-
quence of the accommodations which they had re-
ceived at its hands, or of being overawed by its
threats; but to show that the Bank had some inte-
rest in making friends to its cause, I will refer
you to a portion of the same report of the Senate
committee. I allude to that part of the report which
relates to the New Y'crk Courier and Enquirer and
its editor. I defy any man to come to any other
conclusion, who will carefully and impartially ex-
amine that part of the report, than that the Courier
and Enquirer, type, press, printers' devil, editor,
books, and bonds, were bought by the Bank of the
United States for the consideration of #52,000.
Yes, sir, that vile sheet of slander and corruption
—that polluted sewer, through which Bank slander,
foul detraction, and the barest and most infamous
falsehoods are continually flowing in one uninter-
rupted torrent to the public mind, is now the pro-
perty of the United States Bank, or its friends and
allies, bought and used for co rupt political purpo-
ses, to serve the degrading and servile ends of the
Bank, together with its editor, the degraded coward,
and the bought up vassal, James Watson Webb.
Let me hope, that so long as there is a connec-
tion between the Government and the banking in-
terests of this country, that the great interest of the
Government and the tights of the people may be
defended from the corrupting effects of selfish and
interested legislation. Should Congress neglect or
refuse to interpose their authority against a princi-
ple and a practice so pernicious in its nature, and
so dangerous m its practice, sa subversive of
justice, and degrading to the character of our free
institutions, I hope the people will take the mat-
ter in hand, and do justice to themselves, and
honor to their country. But it is said that there
is less security in keeping the public money by the
Sub-Treasury plan than by banks. This seems
to me to be a strange objection, and must rest upon
one of two reasons, perhaps both; one must be that
Government cannot make vaults, boxes, or safes as
strong as the vaults of the banks. The best way
to get clear of this objection is, to treat it "as un-
worthy of notice—so I leave it. The other objec-
tion may be, that there is not as much moral ho-
nesty among men as there is among banks: this
may be, but it is unnecessary to speculate in theory
and probabilities, when we have experience and
facts to govern us. From an examination of finan-
cial reports in a given time, perhaps sinee 7814 to
this time, we have the exhibit of about $13,000,000
lost by banks, and about one million of dollars by
individuals, when the chances to loss by individu-
als were two to one, as all the revenue was twice
in the hands of individuals, and once in the
hands of the banks, viz: once in the hands of the
receiving officers, then in the banks; next and
last, in the hands of the disbursing officers. I
ask, then, if the public money must be, and has
been, first in the hands of public officers; and last
in the hands of public officers, what benefit does
the Government gain by placing her money in the
banks, by way of handing it over from the first
class of officers to the second. So much, for prac-
tice and experience. This objection to the Sub-
Treasury scheme, only deserves answering fiom
the respectability of those who make it, and not
from any force in itself. Let us examine the theo-
ry and moral of the objection. Men have an hono-
rable and a moral reputation to maintain, involving
pride of character and standing in society, far above
any pecuniary consideration; banks have a pe-
cuniary credit to maintain, involving nothing
higher than dollars and cents, and whatever couise
of civil conduct will secure the most of them is their
course, without a conscience to dictate in the matter.
Men have a conscience who'e peace must be
consulted; they also have a body to be imprisoned
for purloining the public money, or to be punished
corporally for crime or fraud. "Banks have neither
bodies to be kicked, or souls to be damned." There-
fore, in every moral and respectable sense, men
have, the advantage over banks as fiscal agents of
the Government. Moreover, this bill has provisions
that go as far as strong boxes, strong safes, and
strong vaults; moral obligations, penal,  nd pecu-
niary bonds, corporal punishments, degrading- im-
prisonment, and loss of liberty and reputation, can
go to make the public money safe.
But it is said that the Independent Treasury will
be more costly to the Government than the method
of using the banks. The additional expense is a mat-
ter so inconsiderable, that it is unworthy of conside-
ration. The advantage of always having the money
in possession, for the support of the Government,
the security of the country, and the protection of the
people under all emergencies, is more than a com-
pensation for the small additional expend The
expense of four receivers general, and four or five
additional clerks, which cannot exceed fifteen or
twenty thousand dollars; and the establishment of
places of security, which may cost fifteen or twen-
ty thousand dollars more, which would make thirty
or forty thousand dollars for the first year, and
half that sum each year after. This is a small
sum to constitute a serious objection to a scheme
so much wanted, and so absolutely necessary.
But it is said that this plan is going to increase
the Executive influence and Executive power.
This is a stale cry. We have heard the cry of Ex-
ecutive power and Executive influence raised oa
a thousand changes this session. But this objec-
tion comes in bad tima, and bad taste, from a parly
whose fundamental principles are an increase of
Executive power, and whose watchword is Federal
influence. But, sir, this objection is like many of
the others: it is without foundation; and if it were
for me to invent a plan ef stripping the Executive
of a portion of his influence and power, I would
think mysslf happy and lucky m the discovery of
the Independent Treasury plan.
How is it in regard to the plan that connects the
Governmsnt with the banks? The President may,
through his Executive officers of the Treasury,
control, for political purposes, the banks. Having
the selection of the local banks in which the depo-
sites are to be made, he may make a compliance
on their part with his political plans a condition.
The alliance and connection may be of that cha-
racter, and the control of that nature, that he may
make all persons interested in the deposite banks
subservient to his purpose. He might, through
the banks, wield an influence dangerous, yes, de-
structive, to this Government, and the overturning
of all our free institutions. The thought is shock-
ing to the man who will properly appreciate the
danger of throwing into the hands of the Execu-
tive the control (it may be for political purposes)
of the whole American revepue, through a3 many
banks as he may see fit to employ, or as many as
could be brought to his own corrupt terms.
Sir, it seems to me that no more powerful
method could be invented to bring this Govern-
ment to any terms, and to any situation that a
corrupt Executive might see fit, than to give him
the control oí the banking interests and powers over
the country. Suppose that the President was to
form an alliance with the banks, and that alliance
had for its object the increase of his Executive
power, snd the augmentation of their capital and
profits: here would be a union of interests at the
expense of our free institutions and the liberty of
the people, but perfectly in harmony with each of
their natures and characters: for it is natural for
Executive power to desire to increase its influence,
and extend and augment its powers indefinitely;
and it is natural for banking institutions to extend
their credit, augment their influence, and increase
their profits; and whenever those two influences
are brought to bear upon one or more objects, for
the political influence of the one and the pecuniary
in'erests of the other, the resu'l may be dangetous
to the liberties o!" this country.
It seems to me that the direct tendency that the
Sub-Treasury plan has to strip the Executive of
power, by his connection with, and control over,
the banks, that might be dangerous, is one of its
greatest commendations; and if there were no
other advantages to attend its adoption, that alone
is sufficient to recommend it, at least to those who
look with a jealous eye upon Executive powers
and Federal influence.     The Sub-Tfeasnrj g^
