July, 1838._____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.           ___________U5
26th Cong"-2nd Sbss.                                      Independent Treasury—Mr. Duncan.                                                          H. of Reps.
nistration, but of all the important measures com-
menced in the late Administration; and which this
Administration stands pledged to carry" out! The
party, fbft Administration, the measures of the Ad-
ministration, the honorable Speaker, and even the
retired patriot of the Hermitage, have been alike
the subjects of the gentlemen's abuse. Yes, sir,
the honorable Speaker whose situation places him
beyond the power of retort and defence, without a
fiolation of the dignity and character of his station,
the dignity and character of the body over which he
presides, and the áigníty and Character of the na-
tion for which they legislate—I say, eren his situa-
tion has not secured him from the gentleman's
buse, although his tongue has been tied, and
his hands bound. Nor, sir, has the bleached
head and withered form of the retired in-
mate of the Hermitage- been sufficient to secure
him from the outpourings of slander and detrac-
tion. His palsied hand and tottering frame, to-
gether with the recollection that the tooth of Time
has been Wasting him for seventy winters, admo-
fiish him that the sun of his day has sat—the death
bell of three score and ten begins to ring in his ears,
and the clouds of eternal night begin to thicken and
darken about his pillow, yet his enemies are unwil-
ling that he should cease to be the subjectof base de-
traction; and even his fellow statesmen and one of
his followers and political disciples is found to be
the foremost and most unrelenting in persecution,
still holding the poisoned cup of slander to his
quivering lips, even to the outpouring of the last
dregs of bitterness and bonds of iniquity.
The gentleman and Judge White had always
been supporters of General Jackson and of the De-
mocratic principles, or at least so professed to be.
All the constitutional principles recognised by the
Democratic party, from the commencement of the
Government to the time they left the Democratic
party and the people's administration, they pro-
fessed to support; such as financial economy, and
strict construction of the Censtitution; hostility to a
National Bank; legislation eonfined to the actual
wants of the people, and within the limits of the
Federal Constitution; opposed to extravagant ap-
propriations, or any other appropriatiens not war-
ranted by the Constitution. All these, and many
other principles of a like nature which characterize
the Democratic party, and make up their code of
principles, these gentlemen professed to believe in,
and by them, in their political course, to be go-
verned; more especially political hostility to all in-
stitutions that have for their object the establishment
of exclusive privileges, and unequal pecuniary and
political advantages to a favored few at the ex-
pense of the many, and to the prejudice of our free
institutions, that have for their object equal rights
to all.
But where do we find the gentleman [Mr. Bell]
now? Fighting with the Democracy and the Ad-
ministration, on whose flag is inscribed equal rights
to all? No, sir; the American motto, simple and
short, "Eflvmims unum," has no charms for him;
he goes the royal banner, bearing the inscription of
a British bank. *Is the gentleman exerting himself
now to prevent the necessity of incorporating a
National Bank? Is he now exerting himself, with
the Democratic party, to establish a sound, consti-
tutional currency, which has ever been a favo-
rite measure with the Republican party and the
supporters of the Constitution, and always opposed
by the British bank party? Is he now engaged in
sustaining all those principles, in short, that have
for their object the security of justice and equal
rights between citizen and citizen, and to prevent
Government encroachments upon any? I hope
his private feelings may justify an answer in the
affirmative to all these interrogatories; but his
speeches, votes, and the party with which he is act.
ing, wilt not. How will the gentleman account
for the-extraordinary position he occupies, and the
course he is pursuing? Has he left the Democra-
tic party, or have the Democratic party, consisting
of more than two-thirds of' all the people of the
United States, of men, women, and children, with
all the long and well established Democratic prin-
ciples and practices that have existed from the
commencement of the Government to this time,
left him?   One or the other must be the case; and
which is most credible, according to our under-
standing of men and things?
. When the gentleman goes to a good comfortable
fire on a cold winter evening, and gets one side
warmed, does he turn round to warm the other, or
does he sit still, his chair on a pivot, and cause the
fireplace, chimney, house and household, to be
turned round? When the gentleman feels disposed
to discharge his representative duties, does he come
to the Capitol, walk in with hat in hand, take his
seat by his desk as other members do, or does he
cause this magnificent pile of noble and grand ar-
chitectures surpassing any thing of the kind in the
world, to be carried to him? Lastly: does this
world turn round on its axis once in twenty-four
hours, by which night is produced, so well suited
to the repose of the wearied creation, and by which
the morning sun is made to rise to cheer the busy
world; or does the sun travel round the world to
produce these desirable effects? Certainly the former
is most natural, as well as most credible; more in
accordance with the well-established principles of
astronomy. In the first proposition, the surface of
the earth would have to move but 24,000 miles in
twenty-four hours. This distance is astronomi-
cally credible, within the pale of human under-
standing, perfectly finite, and within our compre-
hension of divine power. But, by the second pro-
position, the sun would have to move in his orbit
an incredible distance; let us see how far, sir. The
sun is, in round numbers, 95,000,000 of miles
from this earth; a great distance, but this is but
one-half of the diameter of the circle of the orbit he
would have to perform: the whole diameter would
be 190,000,000 of miles. This is a greater dis-
tance, and almost incredible; but it is but one-
third the distance of the cycle. The whole dis-
tance would be three times the diameter, which
would be 570,000,000 of miles, which the sun
would have to move in the space of each twea-
ty-four hours—a distance incredible; a distance
almost infinite, a motion of velocity beyond
the capacity of human comprehension, and
almost beyond Divine power. I hope, sir, that
the gentleman will not drive his friends to the di-
lemma of believing what is incredible in itself. I
hope he will agree, and permit his friends to be-
lieve, that when he takes his seat by the fire on a
cold evening, when he gets one side warmed he
turns the other to the fire, and does not require the
fire to be turned to the cold side; that when he is dis-
posed to give his attention to his official duties he
comes to the Capitol, and does not require the Capi-
tol to be taken to him; that when it pleases the Al-
mighty to produce, through his Divine goodness,
the pleasing, useful, and delightful changes of day
and night, he causes the world to move round its
own axis oi.ce in twenty-four hours, in place of
causing the sun to move round the world; and that
the gentleman has left the great Democratic party,
and that it has not left him.
Mr. Speaker, I have seen some service in the
political wars. I have been an attentive observer
of political men and political measures. I have
read some history, (not much.) I have seen some
deserters from the Democratic standard, some trai-
tors to the Democratic cause and the Democratic
party, and the result of my experience in this mat-
ter is, that all the tracks of traitors go from the De-
mocratic standard—none directed towards it. Of
all the tracks that I have seen, the heel is towards
the Democratic standard, and the toe towards the
Federal Bank standaid. I suppose pecuniary
avidity accounts for this singular fact. I suppose
it proceeds from the same principle that induced
the children of Israel to desert the standard of
Moses, (although witnessing and enjoying the daily
manifestation of Divine goodness,) and bow down
in humble adoration to Aaron's golden calf; for,
sir, Democracy has nothing to pay her troops with
but patriotism and love of country; but her dissen-
ters, those who can sing hosannahs to the Batik,
can be accommodated with " kcnorablt facilities."
I find by what little history I have read, mankind
is the same in all countries, at all times, and in all
Governments; and such is his depravity., that his
civil, moral, and religious obligations constitute
but frail ligaments, when attacked by the " shears
of the fatal sisters, Ambition, Avarice, and Power."
Sir, there is no crime that is capable of entering
she human heart, that is" so abominable as that of
treachery. If there is any -one crime of an infa-
mous and base character that is more abominable
than another in the sight of God and'man, it is
treachery. If there "is any one infamous crime
that more deserves the curse of thef Almighty-' and
the universal execration of man than another, it is
treachery. The best men-that ever lived, and
bound society together, have been brought to infamy,
the stake, and the guillotine, by treachery. - Evea
the Savior of mankind was brought to an infamous
death and the cross by the treachery of one of hi 
own disciples. Kingdoms, Empires, and Republics
have been prostrated, subverted, and brought to
ruin and annihilation, by treachery. There has
been no Government or party of a Government
since the first dawn of civilization and political
organization, but has been cursed and tortured with
traitors.
There is no one who cries louder for the liberties
of a «ountry than a traitor, and that, too, frequent-
ly vvhen the vilest plots may be ripe in his heart
for execution. Patriotism and economy dwell
noon his lips, when foul conspiracy, despotism, and
extravagance rankle in his heart. Prostration of
the Government, the downfall of its free institu-
tions, and the degradation and poverty of the peo-
ple, aré watchwords and cardinal maxims with
him, so that he can thereby obtain the rule, and
sway the sceptre. Carthage had her Hanno. When
the brave Hannibal, at whose approach the lofty
Alps bowed, and the rivers, as it were, dried up,
planted the Carthaginian standard on the plains
of Cannas, and one victory seemed but to
make way for another over the arms of Rome,
until the very walls of her city shook, and her
citadel trembled; it was under circumstances so
honorable to the arms of his country, that Han-
nibal despatched his brother Mago to Carthage
with the news of .his greatest and last victory, and
at the same time, to demand succors, in order
that he might be enabled to put an end to the war.
Mago, being arrived, made in full Senate a lofty
speech, in which he extolled his brother's exploits,
and displayed the great advantages he had gained
over the Romans. And to give a more lively idea
of the greatness of the victory, by speaking, in some
measure to the eye, he poured out, in the middle
of the Senate, a bushel of gold rings, which had
been taken from the fingers of such ei the nobility
as had fallen in the battle of Canna?. He con-
cluded with demanding money, provisions, and
fresh troops.
Hanno, who headed a faction opposed to Hanni-
bal, and opposed to the war with Rome, said that
the exploits of which Hannibal boasted so much,
were wholly chimerical and imaginary. " I have
cut to pieces (says he, continuing Mago's speech)
the Roman armies; send me some troops." " What
more could you ask, had you been conquered?"
"I have twice seized upon the enemies' camp,
(full, no'doubt, of provisions of every kind,) send
me provisions and money." "Could you have
talked otherwise, had you lost your camp?"
What must have been the surprise of every one
whose hearts beat in gratitude for Hannibal, and
in- patriotism for Carthage, to hear one of her Se-
nators, in the face of his country; attempt to blight
the ardor of so successful a General, and dis-
honor her armies in the face of the world?
Such was the fact. Here we have an instance
of vile treachery in the person of Hanno, who
would prefer to see the whole expedition against
Rome fail, the proud and terrible name of Car-
thage sink, her victorious arms disgraced, and her
proud fame wither and wilt, rather than that Han-
nibal, towards whom he was inimical, am: of whom
he was jealous, should succeed in subduing Rome.
Sir, I have not time to specify particular instances
of treachery in the several Governments of the
old world. But history informs us that the orators
who were loudest, most eloquent, and apparently
most zealous, in protecting and defending the libei 
ties of Athens, were easiest seduced and the soonest
bribed to the standard of Macedón by ths gold of
Philip.
Sempromus, who had declared for the standard
of Cato aud for the patricians of Rome, was lonp-
30
