466
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1838.
25th Cong--«-2nd Sbss.
Deposites of the public money—Mr. Calhoun, Buchanan.
Senate.
es^ aad :: ist boisterous against Coesar when in the
Senate at ¡Jtica; and in the presence et Cato, such
■were his outward displays of patristism and zeal
fur the cause of Cato, that he would shake the
Senate walls with denunciations against Ctesar;
and yet all his patriotism dwelt upon his lips.
Foul treachery ana infamous conspiracy saturat-
ed his lisart, and every secret moment was .used
with Syphax, the Numidian general, and his
partner in treachery, in preparing his troops to
fly to the b'.andard of Csesar, and drench the
streets of Rome with the remainder of the patri-
cian blood. Sir, in honor of my own country,
I would conceal the fact that America has had,
and I am afraid now has, her traitors. Did not
the history of the vile Arnold spread far and
wide over the civilized world; and the name of
Aaron Burr, not less to be abhorred, but which
still lives in infamy in our own recollections,
and to the disgrace of some who survive him,
has had his biographers, his adherents, and his
eulogists!
Mr. Speaker, I hope the Independent Treasury
scheme will become a law^ I hope so, because I
think the highest interests of the country require
it—I mean every interest connected with trade
which requires the establishment of a sound cur-
rency. I think it of vast importance to the banks
that it should become a law. I would be at a loss
to know what better to recommend for their inte-
rest, and I am in possession of letters from presi-
dents and cashiers of banks, and intelligent mer-
chants, sustaining me in this opinion. I think
the preservation of the Constitution and the sove-
reignty and independence of the Government re-
quires that it should become a law; and lastly, a
look upon the establishment of the Independent
Treasury, as the only means of preventing the esta-
blishment of a National Bank which I would look
upon as the greatest calamity that could befall this
nation and this people.
REMARKS OP
MESSRS. CALHOUN AND BUCHANAN,
In Señale, June 28, 1838—On the amendment of
the latter to the bill introduced by Mr. Webster
in relation to the deposites of tl e public money.
Mr. CALHOUN arose and said:
I shall vote  against   the  amendment  of  the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan,] in
the first instance; and, if that should fail, vote
against ihe bill itself.    I am opposed to botb, and
prefer things as they are, to either; bul, if one or
the other must prevail, I would rather see the bill
succeed than the amendment.   I prefer the bill,
among other reasons,  because it comes from the
proper quarter—from the responsible party.    We
who are in  favor of the Constitutional Treasury
(for that is  the proper name) have done all we
could to effect our object; all have been defealel
for the present.    We have already  made all the
concessions consistent with the great and constitu-
tional   ground   of   separating   Government   and
banks, which we have pledged ourselves to main-
tain.   In order to effect this most important object,
and to avoid tb* possibility of a pressure in carry-
ing it through, we proposed to effect the separation
gradually and slowly, through the long period of
seven years.     But,  notwithstanding this liberal
concession,   we  have been defeated on a vote,
going directly to the merits of the question, by a
small majority.   Our defeat has shifted th ■ respon-
sibility.   It is admitted on all sides that something
ought to be done, and that the revenue ought not
to be left under the mere discretion of the Execu-
tive.   We, who are" for the separation, have met
the responsibility fairly and fully, by proposing
what we believed to be the proper remedy, and
have failed; and it now belongs to those who have
defeated us to propose theirs, or to stand responsi-
ble for the continuance of the present state of
things, to which all sides are opposed.   Our Go-
vernment, it  must be  remembered, is very dif-
ferent from that   of Great Britain.    T'iere the
responsibility is wholly on the ministry, which is
forced to letiie on a defeat, or to dissoku Parlia-
ment, and make a direct appeal to the people; but
awsordia  Í3tí** rís ¡ «te* of our Government, all
are responsible; with this difference only, that the
Executive, who is charged to administer the Go-
vernment, is bound to recommend, in the 6rst in-
stance, the measure he deems proper, which, if it
fails, throws the responsibility to find a substitute
on those who have defeated his recommendation.
Io this case I am for leaving the responsibility
where reason, and the forms of our Government,
place it. The Senator from Massachusetts, feel-
ing this responsibility, has brought forward this
bill; and although I cannot, in conformity to my
principles, give it any support, yet with these
views of the two measures, other considerations
being equal, I should prefer that the bill should be
adopted rather than the amendment.
There is another view of the subject which
raises strong objections in my mind to the amend-
ment. Coming from the quarter it does, it is cal-
culated to distract and confound the friends of the
Constitutional Treasury, though I feel confident it
was not so intended. 1 do but justice to the mover
in saying, his declarations and votes, when
not instructed, have been uniform and steady in
favor of this great measure of reform; but it is
not the less certain, that the measure he proposes
must have an unhappy effect. It cannot be dis-
guised that the real issue is between the Constitu-
tional Treasury—that is, that the Government
should collect and keep, by its own officers, the
revenues in the currency ef the Constitution, free
from all connections with private corporation —
and a NationalBank. This is the real issue that
divides the people and their representatives.
There are, indeed, a few respectable individuals
who are in favor of the pet bank system, and still
fewer in favor of special deposites; but they are too
few to make a party, or to be taken into the esti-
mate. It is desirable on all sides that the real
issue should be seen, and that the people should
prepare to meet it. It is indeed a great issue, in-
volving a great revolution in our social condition,
and the fate of our free institutions. The proposi-
tion of a special deposite system, coming as it does
from a friendly and prominent quarter, cannot but
tend to confound the friends of the Constitutional
Treasury at this critical moment, and excite dis-
trust and suspicion. It illy accords with the lofty
position that we have sustained, I will say, with such
triumphantand unanswerable arguments, and which
have done so much to brace and prepare the pub-
lic mind to meet this mighty contest; and in this
case I cannot but regret the move as very unfortu-
nate. If there ever was a move that required in-
flexible firmness, and when the least giving way
was hazardous, it was this. Our cause is good.
We have truth, reason, justice, and the Constitu-
tion on our side; and these, if the cause be firmly
and manfully maintained, must in the end prevail.
I have never yet seen a good cause, supported as it
ought to be, fail of success. In this case I always
dreaded the onset. I saw the power of the opposite
side sustained by the almost undivided banking in-
terest of the country, and knew how imperfectly the
question at issue was understood by the country at
large; while, at the same time, I clearly perceived
that such was the solidity and strength of our cause
at bottom, that if we could resist the first onset
without being utterly overwhelmed, victory in
the end, if we stood fast, was inevitable. Well,
we have met the first shock; and though defeated,
so far from overthrown, a few more votes would
have carried the cause triumphantly through both
Houses. We have now only to stand fast till the
people shall come to the rescue of the Constitution
and our free institutions; and come they will, with
an overwhelming rush, when they come to under-
stand the true character of the issue, if we, whom
they have appointed to stand sentinels, do not de-
sertor betray our trust. Thus regarding the cha-
racter of the struggle, I would have a strong repug-
nance to \ ote for the amendment, coming from the
quarter it does, even if I thought much more favo-
rably of it than I do.
But, independent of these considerations, I can-
not give it my support. I considar itef itself much
more objectionable than the bill. The adoption of
either would restore the pet bank system; but the
latter, in a mudh mors objectionable form, as will
be manifest on a comparison of their respective
provisions. They both propose to make the banks
the depositories of the public money, and to collect
the revenue in bank notes. The essential differ-
ence between them, and the only essential differ-,
ence, as I shall show, is that the amendment pro-
poses to repeal entirely the deposite act of 1836,
as far as it relates to the banks, and the bill to re-
tain it, .with, some, but not very important modifi-
cations, which it is not necessary to enumerate.
The difference, then, is this: if the amendment
prevails, we shall have the pet bank system, with-
out any legal restrictions or limitations, as it stood
prior to the passage of the deposite act of 1836; and
if the bill prevails, we shall have it with all the re-
strictions and limitations which that act provides, ex-
cept, as I have stated, a few not important modifica-
tions. The repeal of the act would give the Executive
the right to select what Danks he pleased, and as many
as he pleased, to keep the public money; to dismiss
them at his pleasure; to establish what regulations
he chose; and to bestow or withhold favors at plea-
sure; in a word, would place the whole under his
unlimited will and discretion. Such would be the
case, if the amendment should prevail. On the
other hand, if the bill should, the selection, the dis-
missal, the regulation, the duties to be performed,
and the compensation to be paid for the use of th?
public funds, would all be under the control of law,
instead of being left to Executive discretion. I am,
said Mr. C. opposed to discretionary power; and
when forced to decide between a system of deposite
regulated by law, and one left to discretion, must
prefer the former, though decidedly opposed to both;
and mu-t, therefore, vote in the first instance
agains' the amendment, and, should that fail,
agauui the bill itself.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, He would not entejr up-
on a general discussion of the question; but the re-
marks which had just been made by the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun,] rendered a
brief reply from him absolutely necessary. He
wished to place himself in the position he desired
to occupy before the country, in relation to this
amendment; and that too, so clearly and distinctly,
asto preventallmisrepresentation. This was a duty
which he owedto himself, especially as the remarks
of the Senator, and from fir t to last, showed that
he had entirely mistaken the whole tenor and ef-
fect of the amendment. Indeed, if he had never
read it at all, he could not have been less acquaint-
ed, than he seemed to be, with its provisions.
Mr. B." regretted that the Senator bad prefer-
red the bill of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Websteh,] to his [Mr. BV| amend-
ment; and his astonishment was fully equal to hi*
regret. After all he had said against the deposite
bank system, and in favor of separating the Go-
vernment from banks, Mr. B. could not have an-
ticipated that he would prefer the bill of the Se-
nator from Massachusetts, which was a perfect
preforation of that very syste'm with additional pri-
vileges, to the amendment, which would effect an
entire divorce of the Government from all banks as
general depositories. Had the Senator determined
to vote first for the amendment, and then after its
insertion to vote against the bill as amended, I
should have understood his course. At present, it
appears to me to be perfectly incomprehensible.
The Senator commences by stating that as we
have been defeated on the Safe-Treasury bill, which
was our favorite measure, that therefore we are
not bound to propose any other mode of collecting,
keeping, and disbursing the public money. That
this defeat has thrown the responsibility entirety
upon the Opposition; an J it tías thus become their
duty, and is no longer ours, to propose measures
for this purpose.
Now, sir, what is the plain meaning of this pro-
position? That those to whom the people of this
country have entru.-.ted the administration of their
Government shall abandon this trust altogether,
when they find thai; a majority in either House of
Congress have refused to adopt the measure which
they had recommended—that they shall then fold
their arms, and appeal to their enemies to introduce
some other measure. We cannot discharge our
duty to the people by pursuing any such course.
We cannot abandon the helm .without disgrace. If
we have bee  defeated in our favorite r&easttre,
