470
25th ConG""2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June, 1838.
Indian hostilities—Mr. Graham.
H. of Reps.
E;
clared, by resolution, as their opinion, that a sum
not exceednr five millions of dollars should be
paid to the Cherokee Indians for all their lands
and possessions east of the Mississippi river. Ross
and hi« party further agreed and undertook to re-
commend to their nation to make a treaty for such
sum as the Senate'* award should fix and designate.
Here is a fair contract, (dictated by Ross himself,)
founded on a high and heaping price. Now, how
has this promise been performed? How has this
contract been executed? The President, through
his Secretary, immediately notified Ross and his
party that he was ready to negotiate the treaty for
the aggregate sum of five millions of dollars, to
be in full for the entire cession; but the application
of the money would be such as the chiefs  desire,
a just regard being had to individual rights.
John Ross, learning that five millions, and not
twenty millions of dollars, had been fixed and
awarded, as the consideration of bargain and
sale, suggested many excuses, and pretended that
the expenses and costs of removal, subsistence,
and so forth, were to be added, over and
«¿ore the Jive millions; and that he must leturn
directly to the Cherokee nation, to arrange and ad-
just all the details and specifications, and take the
sense of the Indians, before he proceeded to con-
summate the treaty. He left this city, and went
home; not to recommend, but to oppose, the treaty,
on the basis and value pronounced by the Senate;
and he has opposed it from that tima to this day,
and used and exerted all his power and influence to
defeat it. He procured a gieat meeting in council
among the Indians, at Red Clay, and prevailed
upon thein (both the Ridge party and the Ross
■arty) to co-operate and unite m rejecting the treat)
ie had solemnly promised to recommend for their
adoption. He then had eighteen commission-.rs
nominated and appointed, (nine from each party,)
invested "with full power from the Cherokee people,
m general council assembled, to make such treaty as
may appear to them best calculated to insure the pre-
sent peace and future prosperity of that country."
Here was absolute power conterred and vesied in
both parties to sell the Cherokee lands and execute
a treaty. The President sent commissioners into
the Cherokee country to co 'elude and consummate
the treaty, according to the Senate's award. The
rival chiefs soon terminated their a.nic<able relations
and harmonious action, and were again torn asun-
der, and stood in hostile opposition to each other.
You will ho'd in remembrance, when Ross was ni
Washinaton he pretended he could not negotiate
the terms and details of the treaty tlvre, because he
•wanted all specifications settled and arranged in
the nation, for the satisfaction of the Indians; and
when the commissioners went into the Indian na-
tion, and announced the object of their mission,
then he endeavored to evade and give the go-by to
the whole subject, by informing the cemmissioners
he could not negotiate and make a treaty there, in
the Indian nation, but he would go back to Wash-
ington and consummate the whole business. Thus
you perceive Indian diplomacy bears the likeness
and similitude of Reynard, who, when closely pur-
sued, in his doublings and windings, strives hard to
take the back track, and return to the place where
the chase began. The Ridge party, who were sin-
cerely desirous to sell and lemove, saw and knew
this double dealing and talking with a forked tongue
must ultimately sicufice ¡he great body of the Che-
rokee people, and ther refused tj accompany Ross
and his paity to Washington; and they resolved to
make a treaty on the b st terms they could with the
United States comniissioneis, then m the nation tor
that purpose. In this uifoappy internal division
and distraction of councils ai.d ch-efs, John Ross
and his delegation came off to Washington, while
Ridge and his party (who were rendered by me na-
tion coequal with the Ross party in all powers to
sjll) remained in their country, and concluded the
treaty of I^ew Rch'.ta, (or, in English, the City of
Refuge,) on the 20lh day of December, 1335, on
the basis of five million* of dollars, as awarded by
the Senate, ¡aid su hundred thousand dollars more,
to be ¡ i«e  and pt.il for tendal and subsistence we.t
of be Missi-sippi river. Tne six hundred thousand
do.iar provision was coniitional, and dependen' on
the-ufctaefmsnt approbation, of the Senate,   This
treaty was signed generally by the Ridge -party, and
by William Rodgers, one of the Ross*tielegates,
who agreed to abide the award of the Senate; and
he faithfully redeemed that pledge. The treaty of
New Echota was sent by the President to the
Senate, who knew the whole history of this matter
from beginning to end, and they approved and
ratified it.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have shown you that
Ridge and bis party were equally authorized by the
tribe with Ross to make a treaty; and they did ac-
tually execute one, for six hundred thousand dollars
more than the Senate (as referees) said the country
was worth; and still Ross refused to sign it. Here
you perceive this treaty was indeed signed by one
party, (the Ridge party,) and it was solemnly
agreed, in writing, to be signed by the other party,
(the Ross party.) When the Senate of the United
States advised and consented to the ratification of
this treaty, they acted upon the well-kn iwn and
long-established principles of a court of equity, so
far as John Ross and his party were concerned:
"Those who ask equi y must first do equ ty."
"The court will consider that done which ought to
have been done." That Ross and his de egates,
having expressly given their assent by previous
submission and award, were bound in conscience
to abide by and execute the treaty. A chancellor,
upon these facts, adduced and attested in a court
of equity, would have directed and decreed a spe-
cific performance of the original agreement, and
compelled Ross to execute the contract according
to the Senate's award.
The advocates and apologists of John Ross
charge fraud in the execution of this treaty. Specu-
lation, declamation, and denunciation, have each
exhausted their vocabulary of hard words and
harsh names, to stamp and brand this whole trans-
action with iniquity and infamy; but hard words
are not strong argument. Now, gentlemen, where
is the bad faith? Where is the foul fraud'' There
is none on the part of the United States. Can John
Ross, the complainant, who seems to excite and en-
list the tender sympathies of so many honorable
members of Congres-, say as much, and say it
truly? No, sir; no. His word is not equal to his
bond: his written promise is not equivalent to a
treaty; and yet he imputes fraud to others: to the
President and Senate of the United States. For
doing what? Por acceding to his own proposition,
lie l-s estopped by his own act to make his allega-
tion. He is condemned out of his own mouth, and
that condemnation is written and recorded by his
hand and pen. He is like an eagle, shot by an ar-
row feathered from his own wing. This wily chief-
tain must not be permitted to play the gams- of fast
and loose at his pleasure. Heads, he wins; tails,
we lose. Twenty millions, he's fast; five millions,
and he aint there.
Mr. Chairman, this treaty is fair and valid, and
was made according to the long-established usage
of treating with Indian chiefs. The amount of
money (five millions six hundred thousand dollars)
paid for tHe lands, possessions, and removal, is a
very high and heaping price; and I do believe it is
more than the country is actually worth. It was
liberally bestowed and awarded by the Senate, sup-
posing at the time it would make abundant satis-
faction for the land and all injuries committed.
Tn:s treaty not only rests upon a large and very
liberal pecuniary consideration, but is founded on
a most humane and benevolent policy and philan-
thropy. The history and experience of every
State in this ¡'mo* abnndanlly prove that the
white man and the red man cannot dwell together
in peace, tranquillity, and equality. The Cherokee
Indians are now surrounded by a dense white popu-
lation. Their hunting ground is abandoned. Their
game is gone. They cannot convert the toma-
hawk into the ploughshare, nor the scalping-knife
into the prumng-hook. Their home is in the
wilderness; their delight is in the chise. Civiliza-
tion and refinement paralyzes and destross all
their faculties and energies. Some wild animals
never can be rendered tame. You cannot ch inge
the order of nature. You might as welt expect
the red man to change the color of his skin as hi¡>
habits and pursuits The Indian on the white
frontier is a degraded, desponding, and forlorn
creature. He learns the vices, not the virtues, of
civilized society. He is cheated by speculators,
swindler , and Shylocks. He is often left only
with his blanket, his bow, and his arrow. The
buffalo, the bear, the deer, and other noble game,
which constitute the chief food of nature's noble-
men in their aboriginal condition, have all fled
from the sound of the woodman's axe, toward the
Rocky Mountains. Why, then, not advise and
assist the children of the wilderness to remove to a
new wild country, suited to their wants and condi-
tions oí life? And there let them remain, in the
full enjoyment and contentment of their own hunt-
ing grounds and game, unmolested by the curiosi-
ty of Yankees, and undisturbed by the cupidity of
speculators. Yes, sir, I would build up on the
Western frontier a Chinese wall, by Congressional
enactments, between the white and red man, that
the Indians might forever live there in security
and peace.
The policy of the united States in removing and
locating all the Indians west of the Mississippi
river is a wise and humane, and life-preserving po-
licy. It had its origin with the lofty statesmen and
enlightened philanthropists of by-gone days, and
was intended to save and rescue the Indian tribes
from extermination and annihilation. In the thick
forests and flowery prairies of the Western wilds
their hearts will leap for joy in the manly.'exercises
of the hunter's life. There they will roam over
nature's gardens and pure streams, contented and
happy in the pursuits of their own chosen pleasures,
unannoyed by the frauds of the frontier, and un-
corrupted by the vices of the pione*r. It has been
said in this debate, by way ofcensnri'Dg the Govern-
ment for its policy: If the Indians are removed and
congregated on the Western frontier, they will unite
and wage war upon the United States, and devastate
and depopulate the States of Arkansas and Mis-
souri. Is this view of the case founded in fancy
or in fac ! Is it not a fancy sketch, which exists
only m a diseased state of the imagination? How
can After n or sixteen different tribes, scattered in
the wild'" ness from Texas to Canada, and speak-
ing different languages, having different habits,
customs, and interests, unite and co-operate in one
common war against the white people? It is cer-
tainly not within the range of probabilities; and it
requires some effort and stretch of imagination to
bring it in the neighborhood of possibilities. We
might as well expect all the nations of Europe to 
unite and declare war upon us. The Indians will
have wars with each other; and they may, and oc-
casionally will, have wars with us; but, m the na-
ture of nations and individuals, there can be no
concerted at<d united action of the various tribes to
make hostile movements upon the white people.
Mr. Chan man, the message of the President of
the United States, and the accompanying commu-
nication of his Secretary at War, jxat received by
tti  Home, and proposing in effect to give the Chero-
kee Indians two years longer for removal, meets my
reprobation and decided condemnation. It is in-
discreet, unwise, and ill timed; it is a giving way in
the very hour and trial of danger. What, sir, af-
ter the President and his Secretary have ordered
and sent General Scott and six or seven thousand
troops into the Cherokee country, to preserve the
peace and remove the Indians; after the militia are
all gone, and most enormous expenses incurred,
and every thing ready for removal; then (on the
very day before this treaty is tobe executed)comes
this unfortunate and most unwelcome message,
proposing ant! pledging himself to use and exertfiis
influence to give two years longer for removal. If
we have any Cherokee war, it will be justly attri-
butable te this ill-timed and timid message of the
President, and (o the indiscreet speeches of mem-
bers on this flo r, in their blind devotion to John
Ross and his party, while they are forgetful of the
rights and true interests of the great body of the
Cherokee Indians.
Mr. Chairman, the plain and patriotic people
whom I have the honor to represent, entertain xtd
fears from the Cherokees; but they do dread and
deprecate the necessity of killing the Indians.
They hope most sincerely that the wise counsels of
humane legislators, under the dispensation of m
merciful Providence, wjJJ aym «JiJ  HSSlMlcJlGJyffl*
