July, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
\
471
-25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
appropriations for harbors—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
tastrophe and painful duty. But, sir, if the Indians
once shed the white man's blood, and commence
hostilities, then the die is cast, and the scene is
changed; then the eagle-eyed and lion-hearted men ef
the mountains in North Carolina will snatch their
nfles from the rack over the mansion door, and go
forth in defence of their homes and hearths, their
wives and children, and exterminate the revengeful
savage Indian, and leave not one behind to tell the
tale of wo. Sir, this is a critical juncture among
the Oherokees; the flash of one rifle may set that
whole frontier in a blaze. This momentous ciisis
and unfortunate situation of the great mass of the
Cherokee people, who have been deluded and de-
serted by some of their chiefs in this their day of
affliction and distress, entitles them to the kind feel-
ings and practical philanthropy of every one whose
generous heart throbs for peace on earth and good
will toward all mankind. Those who oppose this
treaty, and induce the Indians to believe they can
remain where they are, know not the mischief and
murder they may cause to be committed. The op-
position to this measure, though dictated by good
intentions, is predicated upon irrelevant evidence
and mistaken views of fact; upon a total absence
and want of a familiar and practical acquaintance
with Indians customs and character. Those who
feed upon the day-dreams of fancy, and delight to
spin cobweb theories into the most attenuated ab-
stractions, may make a show of charity, sympathy,
and humanity, but they never will administer to
the real comfort and true happiness of the human
race.
Sir, I truly and anxiously desire that the officers
and agents, whom the Government have selected
and intrusted to perform this delicate and difficult
task of temoving the Cherokee Indians, may do
their duty in mildness and mercy, and prevent the
Ian.! recently acquired by treaty from being crim-
soned with crime and drenched with blood.
SPEECH OF MR. DUNCAN,
Of Ohio.
irt the Housefif Representatives, My 7, 1833—©a the
bill making appropriations for harbors, and in
reply to the speech of Mr. Bono of Ohio.
Mr. DUNCAN addressed the committee as fol-
lows :
Mr. Ch.uri.ian : I am happy to have this oppor-
unity to make some remarks in relation to the
financial policy adopted, and so far pursued, by
this and the late Administration. The bill now
under eormderation has been amended in the Se-
nate, by striking out the appropriation of twenty
thousand dollars for the improvement of the Cum-
berland river within the limits of Kentucky and
Tennessee.
The gemieman from Kentucky [Mr. Williams]
says that this amendment was made m a certain
quarter (m-aning the Senate) for a certain purpose,
(I suppose to punish the people of Kentucky for
not being more Democratic,) and to affect a cer-
tain individual, [Mr. Clay.] This may all be, if
we are prepared to suppose that grave Senators
could so lar forget their high stations as to make
such paltry considerations an object of action in
the discharge of their high functions and sacred
duties. But I think we may find another reason
for this judicious and laudable amendment—a rea-
son that has its foundation in patriotism and econo-
my. The howl of extravagant profligacy and
bankruptcy has never been out of our ears since
the commencement of the session until this time,
and it will continue with the session. Yes, sir,
that howl has cost the people more money than
would redeem the Treasury notes now in circula-
tion, which constitutes our present national debt.
I say it was a regard for economy, and a desire to
confine the appropriations within the probable esti-
mates for the year, thatindueed the Senate to make
the amendment in question.
Sir, what base and sickening inconsistency do
we witness here every day: a charge constantly
kept up that the Government is bankrupt, and the
best prospects of the country ruined, by a profli-
gate Administration; when it is a well known fact,
and the journals show it, that every measure ef
extravagance and profligacy is brought forward,
sustained, and carried through to a law, by those
who are opposed to the Administration, and who
are constantly denouncing it for its profligacy.
It seems, from the profligate and reckless course
of the Opposition in worthless and extravagant ex-
penditures, that bankruptcy of the Government is
one of the means by which this Administration is
to be brought into disrepute with the people, and
finally overthrown. Whenever there is an attempt
made at reform, it is denounced as demagogueieat.
Whenever there is an attempt made at economy
and prudence in public expenditures, the whele
pack of Oppositionists who may have the most re-
mete local interest, raise the howl that this attempt
at economy is made for party purposes—to affect
a certain State—to affect certain individuals—and
to effect certain purposes. Yes, sir, although eco-
nomy dwells on the lips of a certain party, ex-
travagance has its home in their hearts. For the
truth of this assertion, I refer you to the examina-
tion of the journals of the last six or eight years;
where on all appropriations made that savor of ex-
travagance, there will be found a large majority of
the names of those opposed to this and the "last
Administration in favor of such measures, and the
names of a large majority of the members friendly
to those Administrations* will .be found to be re-
corded against them.
Sir, I hold up the journals which contain the evi-
dences of what I say. I only ask investigation.
Among the vast number of unwarrantable appro-
priations, which I have not time to notiee specially,
I ask your attention to one, only distinguished from
the rest by the size of the sum. It is the appropria-
tion made in the session of 1835 and 1836, for li-
quidating the debt due from the District of Coiam-
bia to Halland, and for carrying out certain im-
provements for which that loan was made. This
entire appropriation amounted, I think, to one and
a half millions. But let us inquire for what pur-
poses this money was applied. It was applied
first to the construction of a canal through the su-
burbs af your city, (Washington,) which needs a
canal about asmueh as a cart wants a third wheel.
The south side ef the south wing of this eapitof
faces the whole line of that canal. It is in view
of every one who looks out of ona of the south
windows. I have been looking out for seven
months, and I have yet to see the first boat disturb
the stillness of its water. One is at a loss to know
which to be most astonished at, the wicked-
ness that conceived such unpardonable folly, oi
the sterility of the soil through which the canal
is excavated, or the poverty and stertiity of
the country for whose benefit it is mad .
This canal is of Whig origin. The next
extravagant and worthless appropriation of this
money is for the construction of a turnpike road,
made on the bank of the Chesapeake and Ohio Ca-
nal. This road was made at great expense, and
runs the extent of the District. The next is the
turnpike road running parallel with the former. I
am unable to draw the distinction between the
folly involved in the construction of each of those
roads. The existence of the one completely super-
sedes the necessity of the other, and both of but
little use. The hill road seems to have been made
to display the power of the Federal Government to
prostrate hills and fill up hollows. I occasionally
ride out- in tiie evening for exercise. My rides
have, some six or seven times, been en these roads.
I generally go out the bottom road and return the
hill road. I have once seen a shackling wagon,
drawn by two mules and a jack, (Demerara
team,) so poor that one might hang his hat on their
hip bones. This establishment was driven by a
negro half naked, lame in one leg and blind of
one eye. This, sir, is a specimen of the use made
of what is called the bottom turnpike road; but I
have never seen the first living creature on the hill
road except the horse I rode. So much (or for the
roads—useless roads—I mean those that have come
under my observation, which have been made by
the people's money, and, I undertake to say, in
gross violation of their rights, if not in violation
of the Constitution.
But, sir, the most profligate and extravagant ap-
propriation is yet to be presented. It is the appro-
priation for the Georgetown and Alexandria Canal
and Aqneduet. This canal is now under way.
Is located on the bank of the Potomac—a canal,
deep, still, and wide, (being tide water.) Why,
sir, what will your people say when they learn that
half a million ef their money has been appropriat-
ed for the construction of a canal oft the bank of
the Potomac—a canal constructed by the Almighty,
as far superior to your pitiful effort as the majestic
steamboat that rides upon its bosom is superior to
the contemptible packet that floats upon your ca-
nal? But, sir, for whose benefit has this vast ap-
propriation been made? For the benefit of the city
of Alexandria. It is almost incredible with those
who have seen Alexandria within the last three or
four years, that such an appropriation should be
made for her—a city that seems to have the anger
of God and the hand of ruin upon it—now desola-
tion itself, and without the most remote prospect of
ever surviving. The almost total abstraction of
trade from her port, the barrenness and poverty of
the soil that surrounds her, must ever prevent her
from being revived. Nothing can save her from
final prostration and ruin. In half a century from
this time, there will hardly be a standing monu-
ment of art for the tooth of time to operate upon;
and yet it was for the benefit of these tottering re-
mains of a city that this vast and expensive work
has been undertaken, and to finish it must take
much of the sacred proceeds of toil and
sweat of those who will never see or wit-
ness the practical result of such consummate
folly and wicked extravagance. Sir, you
may draw upon fee industry of the people
for, and recover, a sufficient amount to complete
this work; but there never will be commercial mo-
tion enough on it to prevent the stagnation of its
water. The noble canal which the Almighty has
made, (the Potomac,) and of which yours is but a
centemptible imitation, will for ever bear the pro-
duce destined for other places, (no toll being to be
paid on it, but, like other Divine gifts, free.) Your
canal will be the generator and birth-place of rep-
tiles, and the abode of frogs. It will be a putrid,
green pool of pestilence; and its exhalations will
spread disease aBd death over your country. These,
sir, are specimens of the appropriations that have
emptied your Treasury, and been part of the
means that have made it necessary for you to use
your Credit in the form of Treasury notes, to keep
the wheels of Government in motion; and I repeat
it, that these profligate appropriations are made at
the instance, and carried into ruinous practice by
the votes of the veryjjarty who are constantly de-
nouncing this and the late Administration for their
extravagance and profligacy.
Sir, my object in discussing this question is not
only for the purpose of sustaining the amendment
in question, and to sustain the principles and policy
that induced it, but also to answer and refute many
ef the propositions and assertions contained   a
small pamphlet, which I hold in my ha«d, parr*"rt-
ing to be a speech delivered by my colleague, [Mr.
Bond, from Ohio,] on a resolntio* offered some
time since by the gentleman from Virginia, on the
subject of the public printfng. •
In order to give his remarks upon that resolu-
tion some force with the Democratic party, my col-
league says that the gentleman who offered it acts
generally with the Administration party. I deny
that assertion. I deny that the gentleman from
Virginia, [Colonel Hopkins,] has acted generally
with the Administration party; and I say so with-
out any disrespect to the gentleman, for he has a
right to not with whatever party he pleases, and no
one has a right to question his motivt-s. But fair
play is a jewel; and my colleague must represent
things as they are, not as he would desire to have
them, for political effect. Sir, this is a little pam-
phlet, but it contains more Federal poison in a
small way, than any thing I ever saw of the kind.
It is a little pamphlet, and its whole contents re-
mind me of minnow-catching. I live near a river
called the Little Miami; and into it there empties a
creek called Sycamore. I fish in the river, and my
boy catches minnows in the creek for bait. It is
this last operation that the contents of this little
pamphlet remind me of. It is a system of a small
kind of fault-finding; and yet I am told that there
i is not a foul stream of Federalism in the union, o 
