4?4
25th Cong-'"2nd Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1838.
Appropriations for harbors—Mr. Duncan.
H. of Reps.
tractors he has declined; and on every occasion has
refused to travel free in their stages, steamboats,
and cars. Free tickets have been sent him from
some of the great lines, which he has uniformly re-
turned.                                .•
As before remarked, this man does not cover
with his frank even the letters of his wife and chil-
dren, but pays the postage out of his own pocket;
nor does he take stationery from the Department
for his own use, much less for that of his family,
believing that the public stationery is not his pro-
perty, and that he has no right to use it but for pub-
lic purposes. Of this, I have the most conclusive
testimony, not coming from himself. When I was
informed of this fact, although I was bound to be-
lieve it myself, I did not know that others would
believe that Mr. Kendall's honesty was so scrupu-
lous. I therefore addressed the following note to
his stationer, of which this is a copy, and received
the annexed answer:
Washington city, D. C. July 1,183S.
Dear Sir: Will you be so good as to inform roe where the
Hon. A. Kendall, Postmaster General, procures stationery for
the Post Office Department? If from yon, will you have the
kindness to inform me from whom he procures his private sta-
tionery, such as he uses fsr his private purposes, a d for the
use of his family! If from you, will you next inform me
whether bath are paid out of the public contingent fund, or is the
latter paid for out of his private means? These inquiries are
not made from any sinister motives, nor are their answers in-
tended for any unfavorable prejudice to Mr. Kendall or any
other person.
Your early attention to this request wilt much oblige your
friend.                                                 A.DUNCAN.
John T. Sullivan, eeq.
Washinoton city, July 1,1838.
Dear Sir: In reply to your note of this morning, ! would
remark, that I •' supply stationery foi the Post Office Depart,
ment," which is charged to that Department, and paid for " out
of the public contingent fund." Those articles are procured by
the meswnger, and are entered in a pass-book kept by him.
I have also furnished paper and other articles of stationery
for Mr. Kendall's private use. These have been ordered by
his servant, or by members of his family; sent to his private re
flide ce, and charged, m every instance, to his individual
account.
I remain, v«ry respectfully,
your obedient servant,
JOHN T. SCIXIVAN.
Hon. A. Duncan.
I know that most men think Mr. Kendall over-
scrupulous, and too precise on these points; but to
all such suggestions he replies, that it is impossible
for a man to err on that side, and that he will go
out of office as conscious of rsctitude as he came in.
And has this man done nothing for the public
that he should thus be pursued with never-ending
abuse? Has he not been efficient and faithful in
every public trust? Could the duties of Fourth
Auditor be better discharged than they were by
him? Did he not bring the Post Office Department
out of deep embarrassment as by magic? Has
he not almost doubled its business and usefulness?
Has he not, with great skill, sustained its credit
under circumstances which shook that of all the
banks in the country, and of most business-tnen? In
fine, could that Department be managed with more
efficiency or better success?
Sir, it is for his virtues, his talents, and his suc-
cess, that the bank stipendiaries hate him. They
know he will not corrupt, and cannot be corrupted.
He was efficient in putting down the Bank of the
United States; and he desires to see the Government
independent of institutions which, experience
proves, have net discretion enough to manage their
own affairs, and, of course, not enough to be
trusted with the use or custody of the public money.
These are his real offences. It is feared that his
integrity, his efficiency, and his success will give
weight to his opinions and his judgment; and every
pretext is seized on to assail him. He has sent a
few prospectuses of a newspaper to a few friends;
he has expressed his opinions in certain letters and
toasts; he takes a few newspapers to see what com-
plaints there are of the mails, and what suggestions
of improvement; and he reeeived three hundred and
sixteen dollars for his expenses in negotiating
with the State banks! Are these his only crimes?
No, sir. It is made an offence in him to have said
that he could sustain the credit ot his department
without the help of Congress! The Treasury De-
partment is abused because it wanted help, and
the Post Office Department because it did not; as
if to put it out of the power of Mr. Kendall to
to sustain the credit of his department, we have
. been throwing extra allowances upon him, and
«& T«ing K> fwceupoi  faun   xp preset «!«•
pressed condition of the revenue, near 500 new
mail routes to be put in operation. And I have
seen men exult hete, under the impression that
they would thus embarrass him, that they had
" got him up a tree at last." It has even been
said that he was already embarrassed; but this is
so far from the truth, that the most credulous do not
believe it. Their " wish is father to the thought."
The Committee on the Post Office Expenditures,
csntains a majority of Opposition men. If they
find the Department embarrassed, why do they not
show the fact? Do you think, sir, the matter would
not be examined into, and reported if there was
the slightest faith in the ass«rtion? If it were so,
we should soon know it, and the exultation of cer-
tain patriotic gentlemen on this floor, would know
no bounds. But, sir, scrutiny is invited, and ma-
lignant aspersion defied. Instead of having treed
their game, gentlemen will find themselves still
"barking up the wrong tree."
I cannot help giving some very conclusive evi-
dences of the sincerity of the bank attorneys, in
their attack upon the Administration in money
matters.
Mr. Kendall is abused for having received $316
to refund his expenses, after performing a journey
on public business. Now let us see what the bank
men did while in power.
Mr. Ssuthard was Secretary ef the Navy in
1826, 7, 8.„He is now, I understand, one of the
pillars of the party; a man whom they specially de-
light to honor. He had a chief clerk, named Hay;
he was positively forbidden by law to advance the
public money to any boáy but disbursing officers
of the navy, and persons employed in the naval
service, on distant stations; yet, though thus po-
sitively forbidden, Mr. Southard advanced to
his chief clerk ¿800 of the public money, in
November 1826, and sent him to New Orleans
to look after the accounts of a former navy agent.
He did nothing there whatsoever, but get $100
more from the navy agent; and without any bills
rendered, Mr. Southard allowed him §800 for his
expenses, when he was allowing only $200 to offi-
cers of the navy for the expenses of the same jour-
ney. Would you believe it, sir, after hearing my
colleague's speech ? This man was receiving his
$2,000 salary as chief clerk during the whole pe-
riod of his absence. In what case has any mem-
ber of the present Administration so grossly and
directly violated the law ?
This Mr. Southard, as Secretary of the Navy,
was also Commissioner of the Navy Pension
Fund, which was vested in stocks. On the 1st of
July 1828, these stocks were paid off to the amount
of $281,384 72, and on the 1st of January, 1829,
to the amount of $243,880 17 more. These were
not reinvested until February 17th, 1829, by which
means more than §9,000 of interest was lost. Who
was using the money in the mean time, is what I
do -not know. Mr. Hay having written a letter or
two on the subject, and perhaps conferred with the
cashier of the branch bank in this city, made out
an account, charging half per cent, commission for
reinvesting these stocks, and §150,000 more which
had been reinvested in 1825. Mr. Hay was still
Mr. Southard's chief clerk, at a salary of §2,000
per year; he was cut off by law from receiving
any extra compensation; the service rendered was
properly a part of his regular duty, and did not pro-
bably occupy him two hours; and yet Mr. Southard
allowed him this monstrous charge of $3,376 32,
and he pocketed the money. Thus was this charity
fund for the support of the crippled officers and sea-
men, and their families plundered; yes; sir, plun-
dered, by loss of interest through neglect, and cash
aetually paid Hay, in violation of law, of about
THIRTEEN THOUSAND DOLLARS; and yet
the men who want to restore the dynasty who did
this, mouth at us about corruption and abuses
which now exist only in their own corrupt hearts.
Has any thing like this been done by the present
Administration ? No, sir, it has put an end to the
allowances of commissions in all such cases.
Let us look a little further at the pure dynasty
whom the reign of banks is to restore.
Upon Mr. Southard's recommendation Mr.
Adams, in 1828, I believe, appointed one
Aa&ew Ajrmstrongj navy agent at Lino, in
Peru. This is believed to be the only instance
on record, in which a foreign jjavy agent was
nominated to the Senate, that class of officers
having been considered special agents, not express-
ly provided for in the law. Mr. Southard then ad-
vanced to Armstrong $10,000 out of the Treasury.
What this was for, nobody out of the seeret could
divine; for exchange at Lima is always in favor of
the United States, and it seemed ridiculous to send
money to a country where money grows. But a
reason has been discovered. No sooner was the
money got, than $2,000 of it was lent to Mr. South'
ord's chief clerk for two years, teUkout interest, and
was never repaid 6y Aim.' Whether this was the trae
reason for a departure from all usage in this pro-
ceeding, I know not. Whether Mr. Armstrong
thus bought his appointment, I know not. All I
know is the fact I have stated, and every one must
draw his own inferences.
What an outcry is kept up, Mr. Chairman, by the
Bank advocates, upon the false allegation that the
Administration is seeking, by the Independent
Treasury plan, to get the public money into their
possession for sinister purposes? Those who are
struggling to get the public money for private uses,
are clamoring to the skies against those who wish it
kept by sworn and bonded officers, subject to heavy
penalties, for public purposes only!! Let us see
what was the practice of these men when in power.
When Mr. Southard was Secretary of the Navy,
he converted the public cannon and cannon-shot
into money to the amount of §25,000, and had the
money placed to his own credit in the Branch Bank
in this city! But, sir, I will give you particulars.
General Mason, who has a foundry near George-
town, was applied to by some of the South Ameri-
can authorities for a quantity of cannon; but he had
none on hand, or not enough to meet the order.
So, to enable him to make a good speculation, Mr.
Southard lent him a quantity of the public cannon
and shot, and, as security for the return of new
guns in their place, required him to deposite
$25,000, as already stated. It was, I believe, about
eighteen months before General Mason completed
the deliveries to replace these cannon, and in the
mean time the money remained at Mr. Southard's
credit, unless he used it, as it was in his power to
do. If he did not use it, the bank did, by discouet-
ing on it as a deposite.
Now I should like to know what late there was
for such a transaction? I should like to know what
law authorized Mr. Southard to lend the public
property, and receive money info his own pocket,
(for that is the amount of it,) as security for its
restoration? It is in palpable violation of all law
and all propriety. But did the Bank advocates
ever whisper a word of censure against this illegal
conduct of one of their great champions? Not a
lisp, sir. All is right, because a Bank man did it!
The public property or money may be lent out and
used by banks and their peculiar friends with perfect
impunity; and to put a stop to it is a humbug and
a crime! But have the gentlemen found a case
like this, in which any member of the present Ad-
ministration has put §25,000 of the public moniy
or property into his pocket for a twelvemonth? No,
sir, nothing like it. If they could, we should be-
gin to hear, and justly, too, ef impeachment by this
House. Yes, sir, any public officer who will com-
mit such an outrage, ought to be instantly im-
peached.
The corruptions and abuses of the Clay-bank
administration were manifald and glaring.
The same Secretary of the Navy, aided tha
Fourth Auditor in fraudulently drawing thousands
from the Treasury, and afterwards attempted to
screen him from punishment by withholding im-
portant facts, when sworn before a grand jury and
petit jury to tell "the truth, the whole truth, and
nothing but the truth."
He directed the Fourth Auditor to sottle a claim
of Messrs. Allen and Leonard of New York,
which was originally about §3,500, as stated by
themselves, but had been increased by additional
charges, from time to time, until it was swollen  
upwards of #10j00Q, and, under the direction so
given, upwards of #11,000 w«re allowed, §1,080 of
which were forthwith lent to the same FourÚ  As-
diior, and nmrf<M!        -                         "
