July, 1838.____________APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.______________        477
25th Cong>" 2nd Sess.                          Appropriations for harbors—Mr. Duncan.                                                   ELofJjteps.
preserve tho peace of the Western frontier. Since the 30th of f
September, 1837, the date of (he report from which Mr B
(juntes, 19 of ef the 33 have been discontinued, the pay of com-
missioners was, as far back as 1801, eight dollars per day, from
the time they left home, until they returned, and all necessary
expenses were reimbursed, <see instructions from General
Dearborn to Messrs. Datfie, Wilkinson and Hawkins, American
State Papers, Indian Affairs, vol. 1, page 0§0.)
Mr. Bond presents anarray of fifty three blacksmiths, twenty
farmers, eighteen teachers, five millers, one surveyor, and five
miscellaneous agents. It is enough to say with regard to these,
that with the exception of one in the last class, who is a mes-
senger in tile office of the Acting Superintendent át Detroit,
performing duty also as a clerk, at $30 per month, (not a very
extravagant allowance,) they are all employed in the fulfil-
ment of treaty stipulations, and that when tlie treaty does not
fix their compensation, it is regulated by the 9th section of the
act of June 30th, 1834, organizing the Department of Indian
Affairs. Every one conveisant with Indian relations, knows
that, m every negotiation, the Indians wish provision made for
smiths, farmers, and teachers, &C. and the Government has al-
ways assented, because such measures will conduce to their
civilization. The amount set apart for these purposes, forms
a part of the consideration paid for the land ceded by the In
dians. If these persons weie not employed, so much more
money must have been paid to the Indians. But in this case,
too, Mr. Bond leaves it to be inferred, that such persons were
notin the service in 1828 Butfiom avery hasty examination
of the reports from two of the superintendences, Si. Louis and
Michigan, it appears that there then weie thirty blacksmiths,
twenty-two laborers, nine farmers, two teachers, thiee physi-
cians, and four special agents And it is probable that most of the
treaties under whicli they were employed, aie still in foice, and
of course theseappointments make a part of those enumerated
by Mr. Bond.
But,says Mr. B even this is not all. The Commissioner of
Indian Affairs says the list m the Blue Book is not accurate or
complete. He leaves loom to add or alter. And why did he
not   quote   the   reason   assigned by   the   Commissioner'?
" It being required that the names of all the persons em-
ployed on the 30th September should be given, it is impossible
to procure the returns m season for printing the Register.
Besides this, many of the agents neglect to make returns, and
mother cases it is impiaeticable, from a variety of causes to
ubtam the requisite information. It is believed to be complete
and accurate, so far as this office has the means of makmgit so "
Knowing well the provisions m the treaties, the Commis-
sioner could not help seeing at once that the returns did not em
brace all the persons m the sel vice Taking only the treaties j
made since 1828, (smy-foui m number,) he knew that they
provided for forty pi mcipal smiths, while the list shows only
twenty-eight, the residue of the fifty three named by Mr B.
being assistants; and so with the other classes of persens.
"Here, indeed,"' exclaims Mr. B. ''is a display of patronage "
Truly it is a great thing to have the appointment of a smith or
afarmer for Indians on the frontier, and hardly within reach of
a white settlement. But how has it happened that so much
"patronage" rests with the Executive? Not by any act, pri-
marily, of his own. It is Congress that dnects a treaty to be
made, ratifies it, and makes appropriations to carry it into ef-
fect. If the Executive, in consequence, possesses power, it
has been knowingly and deliberately given by Congress.
It has been shown that the expenses of superintendents,
agents, and interpreters, is twenty-five thousand dolíais less now
than m 1828. And more than that. In Doc. 474, House of Re
presentative , First session, Twenty third Congress, pagi>146,
may he found an "organization of the Indian Department," pro-
posed by the Committee on Indian Affairs, the expense of which
is a fraction more than the piesent This íepoit was prepared
by Mr. Everett of Vermont, who deservedly acquired much
credit by it, and the country was congratulated on the reform
and retrenchment mtioduced by the laws then passed, and
which weie ¡sased upon it.
The sum of the matter is this. There have been eixly-foui- .
treaties made with Indians since 1823 The Spates have been
slowly and gradually relieved of their Indian population The
tubes have been settled beyond the Mississippi and Missouri,
so that intercourse with thpm is nepessarily more expensive
than ever New fejuuies have been introduced into treaties
The Indians have not been talked with merely to get their
lands, been offered for it only trifling and temporary aid, and
left m the neighborhood they were found m They have had
assigned to them a fertile and healthy country, and have been
liberally supplied with ploughs, hoes, and axes, for the men,
and looms for the women; with mechanics to teach and wen k for
them, and farmers to break up land and plant it for them, and
teach them to do likewise. They have ceded to the United
States 18,250,000 acres, for which the Government has stipu-
lated to give-them in land money, <fcc. $72,560,056; and it is
expected that all this should have been done at no increase of
expenditure over that in 1828
My colleague has recourse to the official state-
ments of the amount received by the Globe office,
during the last and present Administrations, as proof
of the extravagance of the Republicans, and ground
of suspicion against the honesty of the editor. He
gives the sum total of the amount paid for printing
for Congress and the Departments, m the Globe of-
fice, hunting through the terms of two Presidents, at
$220,009. I take it for granted, having no oppor-
tunity tor the examination of the multitude of items
of which it is made up, that this sum may have
been disbursed through the Globe office for printing
and paper, and other materials necessary to this
species of work, so absolutely indispensable in the
proper discharge of the business of Congress and
the Departments. My colleague w/Jl allow that print-
ing must fee done for the Government, It is looked
spon as the glory of our free Government, that all
its acts are exhibited in print, and full information
afforded to an enlightened community of every-
thing done by its public agents.   This is the mé-
dium through which the fuctionaries and representa-
tives of a people overspreading a continent, are
held to an accountability, stricter than that which
the people of the ancient Republics could com-
mand in a district of country, not greater than one
of our large counties.    The only questions brought
up by my colleague's display of the public printing
done by the Globe establishment are, has it been
done well? Has it been done cheaply? Has it been
done honestly?  Ey bringing tcgether the labors of a
great establishment from its foundation to the pre-
sent moment, my colleague [Mr. B.] would insinuate
an accusation of exorbitant charges against the
Government on the part of Messrs.  Blair and
Rives.   My colleague showed his caution in thus
accusing by inuendo.    He was perfectly aware of
the unimpeachable honesty of the proprietors of
the Globe office, and did not dare to make a single
specification against them.   But a member from
Tennessee, [Mr. Crocket t,} in pursuing the game
of the Opposition m a private letter, charged that
three or four hundred thousand dollars of the pub-
lic money had been paid to the Globe office for
printing the speeches of Messrs.^BENTON and Cal-
houn in defence of the Administration.   His col-
league, [Mr. Carter,]  perceiving that this ex-
ceeded by some  hundreds of thousands all the
public money that passed through the Globe office
in payment for work done and materials purchased
for all the Departments and Congress, came to the
rescue of his friend [Mr. Crockett] by declaring
that a tariff had been laid on the pay of the clerks
to make up  the sum paid for publication.   The
/moment that these charges appeared, the Editor of
the Globe, through his paper, challenged an inves-
tigation by a committee of Congress.   The mem-
bers of Congress who made them were told it was
their duty to bring the delinquent they denounced to
justice.   My colleague and his accomplice advisers
shrunk from meeting the man they had charged,
before a committee of our own body.     Mr. Blair
then appealed to this House, by petition, to refer
the matter to a committee, and have a full scrutiny
of all his accounts with the public.   The spe-
cial committee was ordered by this House, and
then commenced   the   effort of  the   Opposition
to  defeat, by indirection, the inquiry, which they
knew  would disgrace the persons they  had put
forward to svigmatize the Administration and the,
official paper by their accusations.  Only six weeks
of the session 'remained, and the Opposition knew
how difficult it would be, when all the businsss of
the session was huddled into this narrow space, to
take up a postponed question, especially in regard
to a petition which could only come up, by the
rule, on the Monday of every alternate week.   An
hour, therefore, after the inquiry had been ordered
by a special committee, a Conservative [Mr. Hop-
kins, of Virginia] moved a reconsideration.   This
hung   up   the   decision   two  weeks,   and  was,
I    am    afraid,    intended    for    that   purpose.
When the subject was   again taken up,  every
artifice  was  resorted  to  for   the   purpose   of
defeating   inquiry.     It  was  first   proposed   to
refer it to a standing committee, composed of one
of the accusers [Mr. Crockett] and others, making
a majority of Opposition members who had shows 
themselves afraid of the investigation.   If the case
had been referred i<* the accusers as judges, would
not the whole inquiry have been smothered, or a re-
port as foul and enoneous as the original charges
returned by those making them? The accusers [Bond,
Crockett, and Carter] exerted themselves m this
attempt, but it was voted down by the House.
An effort to lay  the subject on the table, an so
get nd of it,  was tried by  the same party   m
vain.   At last, after the committee was appointed,
and had the instructions of the House to inquire
into the whole subject of the public printing, when
il came forward and asked  the ordinary power
of sending for persons and papers to .obtain evi-
dence of the f.icts it was required to report, the
Opposition opposed this, and moved to discharge
the committee altogether from the duty assigned.
This failed, and the committee met and organ-
ized for the examination. It opened its sittings al-
most every morning at 8 o'clock, but not one of the
accusing members came forward to make good
their charges.   At last the committee addressed a
note to Mr. Chockjbtt, inviting him to support by
evidence, the allegations mads by him in the House
and his private letters. Mr, Crockett replied, if
the investigation was to be confined to the prayer
of the petition, to a scrutiny embracing only the
accounts of the Globe office with the public Depart-
ments and Congress, he wov&d- hate nothing lo vñlh it;
but if the committee would go out of the instroo
tions of the House, and inquire into the private
accounts of the editor of the Globe, he would exa<-
mine witnesses! How the committee treated this
evasion, I am not informed; probably with silent
contempt. But I am authorized by Mr. Blair-to
say that he is willing to submit his private accounts
and hisprivate life to the closest scruuny. The bold
assailants in this House skulking thus from the
summons, the committee had no alternative but
to seek out testimony on the allegations made be-
fore the representative body, by interrogating those
who, from the nature of the charges, must know
their truth or falsehood.
Mr. Crockett's charge,made by him in writing,
verified by his signature, and secretly circulated,
was couched in these words:
"Hundreds of thousands of Mr. Benton's and Mr Calhoun's
speeches, as I am informed, have been printed gratuitously,
and circulated by Hkeparttp throughout the land.
"My own opmion is, honcstly,that they are paid for out of the
puoiic Treasury, and I believe it could be proven to the satis
facvion of every unprejudiced mind; at any rate I should like to
know how Dear Blair, 'the printer of the Globe, can afford to
prmtso many thonsandspeeches' for nothing, and find himself?
No man can believe it who is not as blind with party prejudice
as a snake in dog days. The cost at the ordinary rate cannot, I
think, be less than from 3to $400,000."
As explained by his colleague (Mr. Carter) in
the presence of the House and of Mr. Crockett,
and afterwards published by Mr. Carter in the
National Intelligencer, it stood thus:
"Sir, my celleague did not mtend to say that the money was
taken directly from the Treasury, and applied to these pui-
poses, but he intended to say, and does say, that the public
money is indirectly appropriated, and applied to this specific
use. Sir, are there no grounds for this opinion! If the >alaued
officers of the Government are paid extravagantly, and those
salaries made sufficrently high to give the officer a reasonable
compensation for h's services, after contributing several hun-
dred dollars for party purposes—to pay for these partisan
sneeches and extra Globes if you please, which 11 said to be
coerced from them by this patty regulation and discipline^!
would ask, in the name of common sense, if this is not virtual-
ly defraying these expenses out of the public Treasury, te ail
intents and purposes? Sir, u is virtually the same thing, just
as much so as if the editor of the Globe was directed hy the Go-
vernment to cause to be printed ten thousand copies of that pa-
er every week, and circulated to nort-subscribets, and to draw
is money directly fromthe Treasury. The effect is the same;
the Government pays the mon -y m either case, .and, in either
point of view, improperly. Sir, were not the salaries of these
officers increased ten or twenty per cent, just before thelast Pre-
sidential election, upon the recommendation ana vote of the
party that reigned aud ruled m this House so triumphantly—
increasedjustasmuchas is said to be the tax laid andcollect-
d off those officers for party operations^'
This imputation en the Government and the
Editor of the Globe thrown out in secret letters at
first, and afterwards promulgated on the floor of
this House, for the purpose of giving it the stamp of
a Congressional impeachment; and which, as I
have shown, they attempted to keep pending and
unrefuted by an inquiry, until after the elections,
was put down by a cloud of witnesses. The com-
mittee addressed a note te all the Departments, in
pursuing the inquiry as to the facts put in issue by
Messrs. Crockett and Carter:
It was responded to by all the Departments;
every one proving that no change in the ordinary
price of printing had been made favorable to the
Globe office; but on the contrary, the Department
of State, Treasury and Post Office, point to particu-
lar instances of considerable reductions. The
clerks of all the Departments have, in a body,
given written testimony, signed by their names,
establishing, in the most explicit manner, the utter
want of foundation in truth for the assertion of the
members from Tennessee, [Messrs. Crockett and
Carter,] that a tariff had been imposed-on them to
pay for publications at the Globe office. I select the
shortest replies as a sample of the whole:
Navy Depakthent,
July 7, 1838.
Sin I herewith transmit the answers of myself and clerks,
and that of the clerks of the Navy Commissioners' office, to the
queries propounded m your letter of the 3d instant.
I have the honer to be, sir,
Very respeatfully,
Your obedient servant.
on. Jas. J ¿vhjüait,
Chairman Select Committee Bouse of Mepresentalirce
District op Coibmbu, «s.
Personally appeared b«fiir6Bi9,B.QbeU Getty, one ef the Jus
