.82___________        apee:
2oth Coso ••••2nd Sess.
graves of their ancestors. What has produced
this state of tilings'? The influence of that peace-
ful intercourse and the indulgent legislation of that
State? As chariiy should begin at home, I can
but regret that the good people of Pennsylvania
would not confine themselves to a careful exami-
nation i r their own relations and conduct to the
Indian race; and, whilst they are pouring out their
sympathies with such freedom over the Cherokees,
they should be reminded that, if they had been
generous in the use of it at home, so much would
not have been on hand to supply foreign markets,
when nmther religion nor juitice requires it. Chari-
ty is a domestic article, useful at home, and should
never be exported except under extraordinary cir-
cumstances. It is deeply humiliating to observe
the eharac.er of man, the tendencies of his nature.
A better man than William Pean scarcely ever
lived; his whole life was marked by strong virtues,
and vas influenced by strong common sense; he
always chose the lesser evil; he had more than the
suavity of the present day; none of its false philan-
thropy—he lived for hisday. Rum he'knew to be the
bane of the savage; he, therefore, denied it to them:
land he knew to be the object of his people; he,
therefore, obtained it for them: for tuve it they
must—to obtain it peaceably was desirable. To
succeed, he fon: d rum an irresistible instrument,
filled with arguments strong and overwhelming; he,
therefore, it is said, permitted it to be given to the
chiefs on treaty-making days. It was better thus
to control the ignorance of the savage by that
means, than to have resorted to physical force.
Abstract and metaphysical morality, perhaps, may
deny the position; it is not my business to vindi-
cate it.
There are many incidents in the history of this
delightful region which will serve to amuse, whilst
they may convince, those who have been so free
in their attacks on others, of the dangers of ivesti-
gation to themselves. Under the treaties made at
at  early day, in Pennsylvania, lands were mea-
sured by the step: our friends; it is said, in the most
peaceful manner, always engaged for that service a
longrlegged man, who could step far; sometimes
lines were to be prescribed by a day's walk; and
it is worthy of remark, that among the ancestors
of our steady and circumspect friends a man was
found who went his ninety-five miles in a day, to
the utter amazement of the Indians! Was this a
fraud? The county of Chester, adjoining the city
of Philadelphia, and one of the most fertile coun-
ties in the State, was obtained for a keg of James-
town Maceo. This incident belongs to history; I
do not allude to it for the purpose of impugning
the honesty of that day—not at all; it was in per-
fect accordance with the policy of the times. In
imitation of such contracts and transactions
have grown all our treaties with the In-
dians; we have used them as means lo do
that which would otherwise have been done
by power. The Cherokee treaty, which has been
so violently abused, has more to recommend and
sustain it than any treaty which I have examined.
I speak of the consideration to be paid; the persons
who are to receive it; the support they are to ob-
tain; and the vast and lasting benefits the Indians
are to secure by it. Rum had no instrumentality
in procuring it; nor is tobacco atay part of the con-
sideration. Let no man cry fraud, and abuse our
people for their intercourse with the Indians. It
is needless to attempt concealment on the subject—
the General Government and the State Govern-
ments have treated the Indians as children; seduced
them by presents, by kindness, and by such means
as would procure the object with the least difficulty,
and without violence. Who believes that, if the
aborigines of this country had stubbornly and per-
tinaciously refused to treat or sell the lands to out
race, we would not have taken them? I repeat,
that our policy has been, under the cover of trea-
ties and contracts, to do that which would have
been, and might rightfully have been done, with-
out them. I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who has actually shed tears in speaking of the Che-
rokees, not to cry any more for them, and to take
consolation, for they are protected by the laws of
the Slates, are secure in their property, and have
more wealth than (he same number of people in
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL
Indian hostilities—Mr. Dawson.
any portion of the Union. And, let me a.*k him,
when he again feels either in a weeping mo:>d, or
indignant at the injustice committed against the
Indians, and deals in abuse and denunciation, t->
commence at home, then travel South, ant
I assure him, when he reaches Georgia, his stock,
unless a very large one, will be all exhausted.
Sir, I will notice the fate of the Indians in one
other State only, and that purely for the gratifica-
tion of the gentleman from that Stale (Mr. Wise]
who has entered into this  race with  his " bridle
off," and whose leaps and charges shall not be for-
gotten.   Look to the history of the Old Dominion,
and see what were the three greatest calamities she
had to contend with when she was young and
modest, and had no-sons capable of " castigating
a State."   That informs us that the colonist's of
Virginia encountered many difficulties, among the
most prominent of which were sickness, famine, and
wars with the Indians.    Now, sir, I trust sickness
has  been greatly mitigated in its terrors, from the
increase of intelligence; famine, by the success of
agriculture, and the absence of the Indians, is ba-
nished. But that third difficulty—what has become
of those Indians? the terror of " young Virginia?"
Gone!    Will ihe gentleman say where?   These
mighty tribes, reduced to a wretched and forlorn
condition, dwindled down to some forty or fifty in
number, under the influence of your laws; and the
few now remaining, in continuation of the custom
established by the tribes in their better days, an-
nually   pay   their   lespects   to   the Governor  of
Virginia, and presert  him with  ducks and fish,
more in commemoration of their existence  than
as   a  tribute   to   the   powsr   which   has    inno-
cently  caused   the desolation of their race., Sir,
long may this poor remnant live; sine perhaps I
may yet see the day when the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, "ex officio," may be the beneficiary and re-
cipient   of these ducks and.fsh—the  offering of
friendship to the power that smote  them, by thni
last of the warlike tribes, once the scourge of Vir-
ginia.    Yet the laws of that State controlling those
people were marked by humanity, and an absence
of all cruelty—a liberal spirit breathing throughout.
But still these nations seem no less to vanish.     It
seems to be the doom of this race to pass away and
be forgotten; the efforts of civilization cannot ar-
rest it.     The subject is one on which the philan-
thropist and philosopher may speculate, over which
christian benevolence may weep, and bid us ac-
knowledge, from every valley we pass, and every
lofty mountain we ascend, the power, the wisdom,
and the mystery of the ways of Providence.
Thus, sir, I have rapidly and very slightly sketch-
ed the policy of several of the States of this Union,
and the consequences of that policy in its influence
over Ihe aborigines of this country; and this brings
me to that of Georgia, and the course she has pur-
sued—a course, too, be it remembered, made ne-
cessary, at least, by attempting to carry out the
policy of this Government. The policy of that
State shall be defended, and her character vindi-
cated from the aspersion cast upon it. With this
object I shall proceed, and shall do so briefly, as a
compensation for that attention and paitience which
have been so kindly extended lo me.
At the adoption of the Federal Constitution,
(have gentlemen forgotten it?) Georgia • compre-
hended all the territory which now constitutes three
large States of this confedeiacy, and held the pro-
prietary control thereof lo the year 1802. To that
period the now States of Alabama and Mississippi
belonged to Georgia, and were within the limits of
her charter; and the commission, under the king-
dom of Great Britain, to James Wright, bearing
date "on the 20th of January, 1764, constituting
and appointing him to bp captain-general and g.>-
vernor-in-chief in and over the colony of Georgia;
bounded on the north by the most northern stream
of a river, there commonly called Savannah, as
far as the head of said river; and from thence west-
ward as far as our territories extend; on the east, by
the seacoast, from the said river Savannah, to the
most southern stream of a certain other river, called
St. Mary's, including all islands within twenty
leagues of the coast, lying between the said riveis
Savannah and St. Mary's, as far as the head there-
of; and from thence westward, as far «f <mr ttrri-
GLO&E.                     May, 1838.
,  .  .          H. o' Reps.
lories extend, by the north boundary lins ©four pro-
vinces of East and Wtst Florida;" and, also, ac-
cording to the boundaries set forth in the Constitu-
tion of the State of Georgia. She, however, for
wise and patriotic purposes, by the compact of
1802, ceded to the United States the whole of ihe
territory within ihe limits of Alabama and Missis-
sippi, as will be seen by the first article of said
compact, which is in these words:
'■The átate of Georgia cedes lo ihe United States all the right,
utte, and claim, which said State has to jurisdiction anctsoiT of
the lands situated within the boundaries of the Un'ted States,
south of ihe Stale of Tennessee, and.west of a line l)&ginningon
the western bank of the Chattahoochie river, wheie the «ame
cnvs=es the boundary line between ire United States and Spam;
running' hence up the said river Chattahoochie, and along the
western bank thereof, to the great bend thereof, next above the
place where a certain creek or river, called 'lichee' (being the
first considerable stream on the western side above the Cusse-
uts and Coweta towns) empties into the said Chattahoochie
river; thence a direct line to Nkkaguck, on the Tennessee
river; tiience ctossing the said last mentioned rivet; andthence
- running up thesaid Tennessee river, and along the western
bank thereof, to the southern boundary line of the State ofTen-
nessee,r' ¿cc.
In consideration of which, ihe United States was
to perform certain things, as will be seen by refe-
rence to the article? of cession and agreement; and,
especially, "that the United States shall, at their
own expense, extinguish, for the use of Georgia, as
early as the same can be - psaceably obtained, on
reasonable terms, the Indian title," &c. lo all the
lands íb Iheir occupancy within the limits of Geor-
gia. .' Did this compact change any of the consti-
tutional powers of the State; and her right t f juris-
diction over the territory not ceded to the United
Slates, but retained? Certainly no!. She yielded
I nothing within her retained limits; her title to, and
authority over, those limils, were fail and com-
plete.                   '
' But, should any doubt exist on this position, the
articles of cession will remove it. The 2d article
is in these words: "The United States accept the
cession above mentioned, and on the conditions
therein expressed; and they cede to the State of Geor-
gia whaltvtr claim, right, or title they may have to the
jurisdiction or soil of any land>," &c. being within
the State. The United States (as a previous part
of my argument, I trust, has shown) had no juris-
diction withm any of the States; and the only
powers'that she can exercise within a State are
delegated by the Constitution, and not by virtue of
any inherent sovereign power; but still, if it were
otherwise, the 2d article ,has determined rhat pow-
er, so far as it could be determined by a compact.
Independent of the articles of cession, Georgia
has the same jurisdiction, and the same power over
her territory, and the Indians thereon, which other
States, possess; with the additional force of the
solemn recognition, that by the compact of 1802
the United States ceded to Georgia "whatever
claim, right, or title to the jurisdiction," &c. she had
within the State e'f Georgia. If she held not the
jurisdiction before, she does note.
The intents and objects of the compact of 1802
were particularly to relieve Georgia from Ihe pay-
ment of any consideration which might be necessa-
ry.lo satisfy the Indians for their mere right of oc-
cupancy, although, strictly, they are tenants at
will. The State, at any time, bad the power to ex-
tinguish the Indian right by contract, or in any
other form her judgment and sense of justice might
dictate. Her power over the Indian was as unli-
mited as over the white citizen. If the Stale can-
not exercise that power, what political power can
be exercised according to the forms of our Govern-
ment?
When the compact was confirmed, which was in
April, 1802, two tribes of Indians, warlike and nu-
merous, were within the State of Georgia—ihe
Creeks and Cherokees. - They weie in the occu-
pancy of nearly one half of th« whole State, and
of the most fertile and desirable lands. The Uni-
ted States was bound to remove them : she had
given her obligation to do so; she had pledged her
faith to do it. Justice and equity required afpunc-
tual fulfilment of the engagement. What has been
the history of this transaction? Many years were
suffered to pass without much effort to discharge
this obligation—at least no strong manifestation of a
sincere desire to do it. In 1808 an opportunity was
presented to the General Government to fulfil the
con walíón with Georgiano the «tent of the Chero..
