486
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May, 183$.
25th Cong-•••2nd Sess.
Indian hostilities—Mr. Dawson.
H. of Reps.
under the forms prescribed by the Constitution;
because it is the supreme law of the land, and the
State has been duly notified that the compact of
1802 had been at last fulfilled, and the Indian title
extinguished for the benefit of the State, after thirty-
six years' delay.
¡Sir. Chairman, I desire that this whole subject
should be distinctly understood; for should this un-
timely interposition of the President produce a con-
flict between this Government and the State autho-
rities, the difficulty will not be of Georgia's seek-
ing, nor will she, in the least, be responsible for
the consequences. By the legislation of Georgia,
the Indian rights of occupancy were extended until
the 25th day of May, 1838, by which time, under
the treaty, the Indians were to be removed. The
Legislature of Georgia, according to the treaty,
had disposed of the lands in the occupancy of the
Indians: grants had issued to the citizens, and pos-
session by law to be taken after the 25th of May,
1838; on that day the title became complete and
absolute m the grantee. The Legislature of Geor-
gia is not in session, and if that body were, the
title being absolute in fee, the whole interest vested
in the grantee, under the laws of Georgia; the right
to interfere with the private property of thegrantees
is beyond the reach of constitutional legislation; so
the legislature of Georgia could do nothing, and
the Governor, I am most certairi, will not convene
thai hud*. Hence it is that the State cannot inter-
íl,..mv¡Í5 lhe matter, and the President, or the Se-
c~'S?.;'■■ <>i War, jf they had known or recollected
t>H- lesiílií -il oí Gcoigia under the treaty, would
¡i.íve m:c:í U.-i legal impracticability of lhe State
iuterff.' ■ -, i1" the r.ghtsof the citizens were to be
ic-.!"\ <.   , Jnd the laws and Constitution are to be
r(?.,;.r,l .-■_
'. .i«s h-:^-. uged in this debate that Georgia
should be compelled to await a new treaty. Is any
effort making to abrogate the treaty of 1835? Who
has declared that treaty void) No constitutional
authority, I am sure. Perhaps those. gentlemen
who speak without reference to any particular ob-
ject save a desire to keep themselves constantly in
the public eye, and have been so flattered by the
notoriety of their attacks, that they can presume to
declare the will of the people; that they speak but
to command, and command but to be obeyed; and,
therefore, the treaty is void. Such gentlemen mutt
excuse me if I disregard their vain and empty
mandates.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] has
told us he is a State rights man, (by faith, 1 pre-
sume, surely not by his works) and, as such, he
would resist the execution of the treaty, and that he
would take up arms against Georgia to prevent her
carrying out its terms. Why, Mr. Chairman,-
what a misfortune it is that the gentleman (a State
rights man) should have been wrought into such a
belligerent tempest against a State; one so warlike
in his temperament ought to be more cool and deli-
berate. But this champion of State rights, this
new light of that political faith, would '' take up
his arms," and, disregarding all the restraints of
discretion and decorum, and with the tone, port,
and bearing of the god of war, exclaims, " I would
castigate ihe Slate of Georgia if she attempted to
enforce any of the provisions of that treaty." Sir,
I shall not suffer myself to forget where I am, but
I shall also remember that I am the lepresentative
of a people who will regard such language as it
deserves to be regarded; such language towards a
member of this House would be unparliamentary
and indecorous, and, towards a State of this Con-
federacy, is altogether unwarrantable and uncalled
for, and wholly unjustifiable. As a representative
of Georgia, 1 shall not eompromit her dignity in
hurling back any defiance to such languege, but
will only say that Georgia, in her sovereign cha-
racter, would not deprecate so much an attempt to
castigate her, by whomsoever made, as she does
this incessant rant, disrespect, and insult, by gen-
tlemen who are utterly istnorant and .uninformed
on the subject on which they attempt to enlighten
others.
The gentleman spoke of threats uttered by one
of the representatives of Georgia. At that time I
Was the only member who had spoken freely of the
President's message, and I am sure I used neither
the language of menace nor violence; nor is it my
wont to do so, either in reference to States or indi-
viduals; nor do I seek the notoriety consequent
upon such a course; nor shall I indulge in loud ac-
cusations and denunciations of those high in power
merely for personal gratification; nor shall I ever
inflict a wound on those who are not in apposition
to defend or justify.
But we are told the treaty was obtained by fraud.
If this be true, why have no direct attempts been
made to annul it, by those gentlemen making the
allegation, before the proper tribuna ? Sir, no
treaty has ever been obtained for a fuller and more
adequate consideration; on the same terms the citi-
zens of any State in this Union would exchange
their lands. One gentlemen has said the Senate
never regarded it as a treaty. This is another of
those bold and extraordinary assertions, suited to
the tastes of some, and involves very serious
charges against the-Senate: il places two-thirds of
that body in the same category with the Rev. Mr.
Schermerhorn, whose character Has been drawn on
this floor in colors none of the brightest. Sir,
these often repeated allegations and accusations
will only serve to shake the public confidence in
their .authors, and will finally be a protection to
misrule and corruption. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia says that the Senate ratified the treaty to save
the lambs (rom the wolves—the Cherokees from the
Georgians. How much of justice and truth there
is in making such a charge, I have fully shown,
by adverting to the whole course of Georgia to-
wards the Indians within her borders. - As to
the decorum or propriety of such language, the
tastes of that gentleman and myself are so widely
different that we are not likely to agree on such
matters until there is a total change in all my no-
tions of the courtesy due to this House!rom one
member to another, and, above all, to a sovereign
State of this Union. Ferocious as the comparison
of the gentleman would represent the people of
Georgia, they are not yet enough so to forgive one
of their representatives for paying back, in kind,
such language and epithets.
Sir, 1 am by birth and education a Georgian. I
shall not, therefore, indulge in any eulogy on her
people, nor shall I permit the scorn 1 feel for such
rude assaults to throw me beyond that line of pro-
priety and self-respect which shall always mark the
conduct of a Geoigian; but, in perfect coolness and
composure, I will say to the ¡jenfleman from Vir-
ginia, "words sometime!- wound more than swords;"
and that it would not detract from his influence or
usefulness to watch over his own lamlr-like disposi-
tion, and in future to reflect whether it would not
be equally pleasant to avoid unnecessary violenpe
to the,feelings of others.
That gentleman has said that already he "snuffed
the difliculties, the shedding of blood, in Georgia;"
"that the spoilers should be spoiled." What does
such'language mean1? Such language from mem-
bers of Congress, within the hearing of the Chero-
kees, is incendiary, and well calculated to.'inflame
them into hostility, under the belief that this Go-
vernment will sustain them in resisting the treaty:
Sir, I have said it .was Ross's duty to. have re-
turned home to his people, and have-aided in their
removal, as he was advised to do by the Secretary
of War, General Seott, and other friends of peace,
harmony, and humanity; but, said the gentleman
from Virginia, "if he had, he would have been
snatched up and hung, like another Tassel?, on a
tree, by another Georgia guard." It is difficult,
Mr. Chairman, to speak in obedience to the prompt-
ings of a just indignation, at such a reckless assault
upon the constitutional authorities of the State,
without violating the rules of the House, and the
decorum of debate. When has Georgia or her peo-
ple thus acted? Sir, I scorn the slanderous impu-
tation. It is an imputation that carries with it its
own antidote, and I pronounce the whole in-inua-
tion unfounded—a groundless and unjustifiable at-
tack upon the honor and character of the people of
Georgia. What, sir! John Ross not safe in Geor?
gia! Why, sir, was he not born and reared in that
State? Such allusions I reprobate and contemn.
I trust lhe people of Georgia caánot be harmed by
such outrages upon their eharacter—a people whose
past history is- marked by no act of violence justi-
fying such an imputation. That part of Georgia
known as the Cherokee region, has been settled
by a population equal to any portion of the Union
for honesty and patriotism; inferior lo no new coun-
try in intelligence and morality; and, for humanity,
kindness, generosity, and hospitality, equal to any
people on earth. Sir, they are pure and unsophis-
ticated in their intercourse wilh the world, but bold
and resolute, firm and unyielding, in 'maintaining
their rights, and brave and quiek in defence of
their character; and would, no doubt, feel more
inclined ¡o resent lhe insult offered to themselves, in
reference to Ross, than lo injure him.
Mr. Chairman, I am certain you have been asto-
nished, as well as others in this body, at the tanta-
lizing and insulting references to Geoigia. It has
been said that the Cherokee Indians, if the General
Government will not interfere, are willing to fight
it out with the Georgian*. Are these things said
to excite the Indians to bloodshed, or to urge Geor-
gia ir.to rashness? Did the member usisg this lan-
guage desire to insult ¡he people of -Georgia,
through their representatives, or did he expect to
excite me into passion and indiscretion? There are
limits the mildest and most forbearing cannot per-
mit others to pass. There are bounds to the liber-
ties and freedom of debate, beyond which persona-
lities necessarily follow. At that I point I hope not
to arrive; but, should it come, the honor and cha-
racter of my native State shall not be tarnished in
my person.
Sir, not content wilh holding Georgia answera-
ble for all the anticipated Cherokee difficulties, she
mustbe charged as_ accessary to the Florida war.
Is it not beyond endurance? is it not amazing to
hear it? Can it be from mistake? Sir, Georgia
had-no more tp do with .the/éausesof that war than
the Stat i of Kentucky. I repel this accusation,
and demand the ground of lhe allegation.
Mr. Harlan rose and said: In the remarks
made by me yesterday, on the subject of the
causes of the Florida war, and the State of Geor-
gia in connection with it, I did not mean to say
that Georgia had any direct agency in the causes
of that war. When speaking of the policy of ihe
late Administration for the removal of the Indian
tribes west of the Mississippi river, I expressed the
opinion that -the Fiorina, war .wás.one pf. the fruits
of that policy; tba_tthS 3ftíjif'Éy'p£ <j¿org¡#.io have
the-Iridian title to^ the'jaridi within fer.boundaries
extinguished,"superinduced the passage of theact
of 1880, providing for the removal of the Indian
tribes; and that that bill was carried in this. House
by a majority less than the number of representa-
tives from the State of Georgia.
Mr. Dawson* Then, sir, there is no ground for
sucha change; and Ihe apology for making it is,
that the representatives of Georgia voted for the
act of 1830, providing for the removal of the In-
dian tribps west of the Mississippi, Why, sir,
upon the same principle, every State in the Union
may have contributed to the Florida war. No
further reply to such an argument can be expected.
Much has been said by the gentleman from
Philadelphia. His excitement was too great for
the subject before him; his feelings led him into
the use of language which, so far as language
was concerned, I considered offensive; but so far
as the mient was involved, inoffensive. Heworked
himself into such wrath that he was driven into
the exclamation, "1 am mad, sir, I am mad!"
Let him coo!, sir; restore his temper; suifer his
passion to subside; speak widi deliberation under
the control of his reason, and then, sir,.J will
weigh his arguments, and, if necessary, reply to
them. But, sir, I am much eiliattsted; and I
wi.uld do injustice tu myself and the committee to
reply to th? ravings of an enthusiast—one who ad-
mits that he is mad,
I am convinced, sir, that much more ought to
be said by me on this subject; but I shall, desist.
The appropriations, to subserve the eause,of hu-
manity by preventing and suppressing In;dSn,lhos-
tilities, and for the purpose of aiding in. jnéixeeu-
tion of the Cherokee (reaty, I have no doubt" will,
be made. If I shall Ji^ve vindicated ntyjfttive
State from unjust'ii|r2yations,j(a^I,trus,t I h&rit,)
it will be to Me^JEetoftfemost gratifjing.ajitfof
my life.    ' vM^M.::-^   -   "   .
