490
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1838&.
25th Co.ng--2nd Sess.
Increase of tke Army—Mr. CriUenden, Benton.
Senate.
will be restored which were cut off sixteen years
ago from motives of economy, and for want of
which the Southern Indians in Florida, Alabama,
and Georgia, have since cost the United States
about twenty millions of dollars. This has been
our economy: disband regulars which cost but a
moderate sum, and employ militia and volunteers
to dn their duty, at between four and five times the
cost of regulars.
Mr. CRITTENDEN spoke for some lime against
what he deemed the objectionable features of the
Hi!; but admitted, however, his hearty concurrence
in some of the sentiments which had been express-
ed frem the other side of the Senate in relation to
the pay of the officers of the iine. He thought
they had been paid with less liberality, or even jus-
uee,than any other branch of the public service.
His feelings were such on this occasion as would
induce him to go as far as propriety would dictate
in -ewarding that meritorious class of officers en-
gaged iu the inglorious war of Florida; he used the
woid "iii~hrious," because, through mismanage-
ment .m the part of the preceding and present Ad-
ministrations of the Government, it had been pro-
ductive of nothing but expense, disaster, and suf-
fering; and although the officers and soldiers en-
gaged in that conflict had signalized themselves by
a devotion to their country, by a chivalry and no-
ble daring, and by a patient endurance, such as his-
tory furnished few examples of, yet they had reap-
ed no laurels; indeed, were scarely heard of, un-
less some poor fellow, with leg or arm gone,
made his appearance at Washington. And
it was these very brave spirits, (never
heard of kut in the hour of , battle,) who
were totally neglected by the bill before them; while
others, who had lived their career in one uninter-
rupted sunshine, were alone made the recipients of
Government bounty ! Was it not time that such a
sjstem should be checked? was it not time to
break up the praetorian cohorts, these Capitoline
guards, half officer, half civilian, "sprinkled with
the dandy," who were dancing attendance at the
skirts of Congressmen, or basking in Executive
sunshine; never seen in the hour of danger, and
found only whsre favors were to be had? Another
objection, which struck him with peculiar force,
was the fearful ratio in which the staff was in-
creased. Was it not already a most overgrown
branch of the service? The honorable Senator
from Missouri, whose judgment mis;bt be belter in
military matters than his, [Mr. C'*,] had reported
this increase; but¡cou!d it be possible that, out of an
augmentation of one hundred and forty-six officers,
one hundred and thirty three were necessary
for the staff? Was the whole army to be con-
verted into staff officers? He had always under-
stood that, in its former organization, the avowed
object of keeping up such a disproportionate
branch, as the staff evidently was, even at that
time, to be the readiness with which the rank and
file could be filled up, and the economy that would
accrue to the Government from a well organized
body of officers of that description. Where, then,
was the necessity of this further addition? where
the necessity of still further increasing this dispro-
portion? Besides, was it not seen that whenever
an increase was contemplated, that the prcetorian
band, lo which he had alluded, were found march-
ing in advance, and obtaining all the honors and
advantages which such an increase was calculated
to bestow. Why were these men made to receive
more emolument than those worthy officers of the
line who had signalized themselves by their ser-
vices and sufferings in Florida? Might it not be
traced to the influence which their position here
enabled them to exert? He thought it high time
that this system of favoritism should be checked;
and he called upon the Senatur from New Hamp-
shire to give his vote against the bill as it then
stood, and thus aid in arresting what he considered
an unequal and unjust'proceeding. If an increase
of the staff were necessary, which, he would by no
means admit, it certainly could not be to the extent
contended for in the biHj and such was his [Mr.
C's] repugnance, that he would vote against the
whole measure rather than lend his sanctien to it
in its present shape. If this little inerease to the
staff were admitted now, might we not again be
called en for a still further increase, and an in-
crease of their pay, until, like Brennus, they would
place their swords in the scale, and still complain
that they did not weigh enough. We all knew
how easy it was to go on creating abuses, but how
difficult it was to retrace our step?; and he, there-
fore, thought it would be better lhat the whole
matter should lie over until the next session than
to be precipitated through Congress at this late
periud, with all its faults and glaring inconsisten-
cies upon its head. He agreed most fully with the
Senator from New Hampshire, that it would have
a tendency tó create heart-burnings and distrust
among those gallant officers of the army, who,
after fighting the battles of the country, found all
their well-earned claims neglected, and the honors
and emoluments bestowed on those who made
their campaigns at this metropolis.
The honorable Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Benton,] in his explanation of the bill, had told
us that, for want of a sufficient number oí compe-
tent officers in the Engineer corps, citizens had
necessarily to be employed, and read us a very
formidable list of persons engaged, some at. $12
and others at $$ per day, which, to his [Mr. C's]
mind, indicated a very great piece of extravagance,
as the wisest and best men the nation produced
were sent here, and did not receive more than $8
for their services. In the war in Florida, too, it
appeared lhat citizens had been employed, ay, and
paid, three hundred thousand dollars, to cut wood
and draw water, and make military roads. Why
had not the soldiers been taken for these purposes?
It appeared to him that one abuse only was to be
corrected by the creation of another. Congress
was, or ought to be, competent to correct them all
at once. He was of opinion that that body was
fully adequate to the task, and he called upon
Senators not to pass the bill before them until it
was pruned, or, at least, made just and equal in its
bearings. He thought there was still time suffi-
cient lor the introduction of such clauses, at least,
as would render it less objectionable than it was at
present.
Mr. BENTON replied to ihe Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Crittenden] and regretted that he had
not been in his seat a few minutes sooner, while he
[Mr. B.] was replying to the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Pierce.] 'He would then have
seen that there was no ground for his fears from an
overgrown staff; that there was a great error in sup-
posing there were to be 133 staff officers, and only
13 line officers; and that it was all a mistake to
suppose that the line was sacrificed to the staff. He
[Mr. B.] badshuwn all this error before the Sena-
tor from Kentucky had got into his seat; but he
would go over it again to show him his error, and
to prevent him voting against the bill under wrong
mpressions. Mr. B then briefly recapitulated,
showing that there would be about double as many
officers of the line as of the staff, and that, so far;
from beins excluded from the staff, upwards of
thirty staff officers were ordered lo be taken from
the line, and, what was more, to be both line and
staff officers at the same time. Mr. B. said the
Senator from Kentucky seemed to be founding his
objections to the bill, not upon the bill itself, such
as it was, and such as it lay printed before them,
but such as it had been described to be in a news-
paper, (ihe National Intelligencer) and where all
these errors about ihe 133 staff officers and the 13
line officers, and all these statements of invidious
distinctions between line and staff, and to sow, jea-
lousy between them, and to excite animosity
against the friends of the bill, were to be found.
The newspaper statement had been shown by him
to be a description of what did not exist; and if the
bill passed, it would speak for itself, and would
show that the newspaper account was entirely erro-
neous.
With respect to the troops serving in Florida,
Mr. B. said it,was not necessary for him to speak
his sentiments of their merits. That he had done
on former occasions, and when it was the fashion
to revile and disparage. Mr. B. had defended
those troops when they were attacked; and he was
glad to see that both sides of the chamber now
united in giving them the applause to- which they
were entitled.   He did hot, therefore, deem it ne-
cessary for feint to repeat his opinion of those
troops; but as the Administration seemed to he
struck at, he believed he would speak with a per-
fect knowledge of the truth when he should say,
that the President and Secretary at War were fully
sensible of the services and sufferings of those
troops which were in, or had been in Florida, and
that, if the bill passed, the officers who had served-
and suffered there would find that they were not
forgotten, or undervalued, when the new regiment
came to be officered, or the staff appointments to
be made.
Mr. B. was surprised at the distinctions which
the gentleman from Kentucky {Mr. Chittenden)
was making between the staff- and the line officers.
Did not the gentleman know that all Ihe staff offi-
cers had been line officers, and had done their part
in the services and sufferings of -the field?   Were
not many of them as well scarred with wounds as
any officer of the line?    And were they not, in many
instances, identical, that is to say, both line and staff
officers at the same time?   These officers of the staff
are reproached with being in this city, as if it was
not the post of service for most of them!   Many
of them were stationed in the city; and as for
hanging about the halls of Congress, they were but
little subject to the reproach.   As the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, he [Mr.' B.]
knew that their presence was often necessary; mat •
they, came upon business; that he himself often ap-
plied to ihem to come in person andanswer ques*
tions to the committee or to its chairman, both as
more expeditious, and a more satisfactory way,
than answering questions in writing.   Tbere^were
some staff officers who had hardly ever been seen ia
Congress; the late commander in Florida, the Quar-
termaster General?. Jesup, was one of these.   . He,
[Mr. B ] in eighteen years' service in the Senate,
had never seen him in the Capitol.   It would  be
invidious to particularize; but there was a staff of-
ficer now, or just now, in  the galleries, who was
appointed to the staff twenty-five years ago, on the
field of battle in Canada, and from the line, and
who had served all round the circumference of the
Union, north, south, and  west, from the Lakes to
the Gulf of Mexico; from the Falls of St. Anthony
to the Creek nation and Florida, and who now,
for the second time in his life, had seen this Capi-
tol, and now only sees it on his-way from Florida
to the Northwest.   He spoke of Major Brant, and
who, if this bill passed, might be promoted to a'
lieutenaht-colenelcy.   He  was one instance, and
oae only out of many which might be quoted, of
the injustice of the kind of remarks which had
been made.
It was complained that the officers of the staff,
in some corps, were to have promotion; but was
not this the case in the line? -All officers of the
line were entitled to'promotion within their respec-
tive corps as high as the rank of colonel; and why
not give the benefit of -the same principle to the
staff? Promotion is the life of every serví  e. Man
lives upon hope; and he must always see something
in the future better than the present to invigorate
and animate his exertions, otherwise he pines and
languishes and sinks into despair. '
. The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
is persevering and excessive in his objection to
the staff. Does he reflect that there can be no army
without a staff? that theie can be no military ope-
rations without a commissariat of subsistence to
furnis-h food, a commissariat of clothing to furnish
clothing, an ordnance department to furnish
arms and ammunition, a quartermaster's deparl-
ment to furnish transportation, engineers Id con-
struct forts, topographical engineers for maps and
drawings, paymasters to pay them, adjutants gene-
ral for the dissemination of orders, the preserva-
tion of records,.and the k  eping and the right or- '
dering of thedetails of service, and finally, a medi-
cal staff to care of the sick and wounded? Has the ,
Senator from Kentucky considers! that there can
be no army without all these things; and that the
departments which give these indispensable aids,
must have their heads at the seat of Government,
and their subordinates dispersed al! ovéríhe coun-
try? Certainly, if he had considered ÚtesezMBgs¡,'
and also; considered.that the staff .officers■-IwWaff'"
soldiers under thcin, he certainly would oot hare
