June, 1838.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
25th Cong-"-2nd Sess.
Independent Treasury—Mr. Rhett.
H. of Reps.
the prosperity of the South and the peace of the
Union depends.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Mississippi
commenced his argament on the bill, by defining
what was money. He maintains that bank notes
are as much money, according to the Constitution,
as gold and silver com; that the Constitution did
not determine what was money, but only design d
to fix a standard of money, like the yard stick or
pound weight, ia weights and measures; and that
bank notes being equal to the standard, were m«-
ney. His deduction that, therefore, the Govern-
ment had no right to refuse to receive bank notes
in payment of its dues, is certainly good, if his pre- ;
mises are correct. Has the Constitution failed to
provide what should alone be money' In the 8th
section it says: " Congress shall have power to
coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of fo-
reign com, and fix the standard of weights and
measures?" l\ow, if a standard of money was all
that was designed by this clause, why was not the
coinage power put in the same category with " the
standard of weights and measures1" Why does
the clause not stop at the power to " regulate the
value thereof," but superadds the power " to coin
moneyl" What is it "to cem money''" It is,
" to stamp metal and convert it into money." Be-
fore gold or silver is stamped by Government au-
thority, it i!> bullion or plate; when stamped, it is
money. But the 10th section of the Constitution is
me best commentary on this clause, and leaves no
room for argument " No State shall coin money,
emit bills of credit, or make any thing but gold and
silver com a tender in payment of debts." To
make money or a paper subs itute, is thus entirely
taken from the States Now, is it reasonable to
suppose that the Constitution intended to take
away from the States the power of making money,
or any legal substitute, and yet to recognise as mo-
ney the paper of private banking corporations esta-
blished by the States. Can that be money which
no authority in this country, neither the States nor
the General Government, can make a tender in
payment of debts to a single man within the jurisdic-
tion of either? What is a bank note? It does not
on ¡it face pretend to be noruy, but is a mere pro-
mise to pay money It differs in no respect from
the promissory note of an individual, excepting that
it is in general a better, although it is sometimes a
wore, security for money. But admit the position
of the gentleman, that coin is only the standard of
money are bank notes as infallibly equal to com,
their standard, as the yard stick or the pound
weight to theirs? If they are, whether the Consti-
tution has made them money or not, is but of little
consequence, and I may admit that they ought to
be received in payment of the public dues. But
what bank in this country or in any other is able
always infallibly to redeem its fnotes with specie,
dollar for dollar? By their charters, they are ge-
nerally authorized to issue notes to three times the
amount of their capital, and even the Bank of Eng-
land, the soundest bank m the world, supposes its
duty to the public performed by retaining in its
vaults specie or bullion to the amount of one-third
of its issues. The truth is, no bank notes m this
country represent specie. They are issued upon
the faith of the [paper of individuals, which the
banks receive for their notes, and if this paper was
all to fail, every bank in the country would im-
mediately be rumed. Bank notes, then, do not
represent specie, and are not equal to the standard
of specie. They represent credit, and constitute a
part of the currency, but are not the money, of the
countr).
Having shown, at least to his own satisfaction,
that bank notes are money, the next step, in the
course of the gentleman's argument, was to identify
the interests of the people with them. The banks,
he maintains, are the people, and the Government
being opposed to a connection with the banks
therefore separates itself from the people, and, in
fact, is waging hostilities against them. It is thus,
that |a false issue is attempted to be made, which
places the Government against the people, instead
of stating the matter as, I trust, I shall show it
really is—a contest between the banks and
the Government, between the capitalists and the
people, in whioh the banks   and  the capital-
ists are the aggressors The whole strength of the
cause the gentleman and his associates advocate,
however disguised by sophistries and clouded by
declamation, rests on the lalse issue they have thus
artfully made and imposed upon the people. Let
the true nature of the controversy be once under-
stood, and their spell of power will be gone Are
the banks the people?
The banks are not the people, on account of the
capital invested in them. The banking capital of
the United States, authorized by law, exclusive of
deposites, I find stated at two hundred and fifty-
one millions of dollars. The whole of this capital
is not m active operation. In Mississippi I under-
stand that the bank capital is from forty to fifty
millions, but not more than fifteen or twenty mil-
lions are paid in. In South Carolina, out of about
twenty-four millions authorized by law, fourteen
have not been subscribed for. But, admitting that
the whole bank capital in the United States, au-
thorized by law, is m active operation, what pro-
portion does it bear to the whole capital of the
United States? The difference can hardly be com-
pared. Billions, not millio s, must enter into the
calculation.
Are the banks the people, on account of the
number of individual proprietors of their stock'
Take the banking capital already stated; put the
shares at one hundred dollars each, and five ¡«hares
to each stockholder, and we have about half a mil-
lion individuals stockholders in these institutions
I am satisfied that this is far beyond the truth, for,
of the twenty-two millions of stock said to be
owned by Europeans in the Pennsylvania Bank of
the United States, there are not probably more
than one hundred individuals to whom it belongs
Supposing, however, that a half million of indivi-
duals are immediately interested as stockholders in
the banks, and that all of them are citizens ot the
United States, they will constitute about one thir-
tieth part of the papulation of the United States
[Mr Prentjss rose and said, that when he main-
tained that the banks were the people, he did not
mean that they were so on account of the number
immediately interested in them as stockholders, or
the amount of capital invested in their stock, but
because their currency was in the hands of the
people, and thus their interests became the inte-
rests of the people ]
I am going on, Mr. Chairman, with my analy-
sis, and will, m due time, come to the gentleman's
mam reason for his position. I wish to remove
every stone out of our way as we advance. If the
banks had continued to fulfil their engagements to
the country, no one would have been found so
hardy as to set up in their behalf this more than
monarchical pretension of being the people Al-
though endowed with many pewerful privileges by
the people, they would hardly have thought it ex-
pedient or politic to claim, on account of them, a
mastery of the Government, and an equality and
identity with the people themselves. But the fail-
ure of the banks to redeem their promises, has
given them a power that their honest fulfilment ef
them could never have bestowed. When they
failed, there were two classes of individuals con-
nected with them—their creditors and debtors; those
to whom they owed, and those who owed them
The latter class were comparatively few, gene-
rally capitalists, who borrowed of them, under the
expectation of an easy indulgence, but compelled,
by their inordinate expansion of paper, suddenly to
contract their issues and call in their debts, the
banks crippled or crushed their deb'ors, by their
unexpected and ruinous demands for payment.
This operation, I presume, will not go far in esta-
blishing their title of being the peeple. The for-
mer class, however—those to whom they owed—
the people who had received their notes on the
faith of their convertibility into money, constituted
by far the most numerous in interest. By issuingtheir
notes they had either driven from the country, or
retained in their vaults, all the com which would
have been in circulation, and their debts, substituted
for it, became the currency of the countrj. Hence
every body became their debtors, and interested m
their solvency. They failed; and then their wrong
became their prerogative and right. From being
moneyed corporations to advance the gam of indi-
viduals, they rose up to be the people. TheiHa-
debtedness gave them power, and theii capacity to
injure the country produced this mo§t arrogant pre-
tension In ancient times, the debtor wa  made
the slave of his creditor, but here, the matter is
reversed, and the creditor is to be made the slave
of tne debtor Because the banks ewe the people,
they are the people This is the plain affirmation
and argament It is, upon such grounds as these
that we are called on to lay the Government and the
people beneath the feet of the hanks and capitalists.
Mr. Chairman, in seeking the eo-operation and
control of the Government, the banks bat follow
the uniform law of all capital. Gam is their prin-
ciple. It was this, not any design to injure
others or defraud or oppress the country, which
occasioned them to issue paper which they were
unable to redeem, and afterwards to refuse to pay.
Acting on this principle, each pursuing its own
profit, ignorant of the expansions of the other
banks, and incapable of controlling if it knew
them, they bloated the circulation with their notes
beyond the wants of commerce, or their ability to
redeem them in specie. Even m England, where
the Government has borrowed the whole capital oí
bank, and therefore supports it by all its credit, it
is conceded by all the directors and bankers ex-
amined before the Committee of Parliament in
1833, that the Bank of England cannot restrain
the i sues of the country banks; and that there is no
principle in the present system of banking, by
which convulsions and explosions in the currency
can be prevented. The banks failed from follow-
ing out too eagerly their great principle—gam, and
the inherent weakness of the whole banking sys-
tem of the country, and when they failed, the same
principle which occasioned the disaster, induced
them to rush into the arms of that party, which
claimed foi them the support of Government as
their right, and magnified them into the people.
To strengthen this Government by associating
with it the money power of ths country, and esta-
blishing their own party ascendancy, is the object
of the one—their «alety and emolument is (he ob-
ject of the other     But they are not the people
There is another ground, Mr Chairman, of far
deeper and more delicate consideration, on which
the gentleman from Mississippi has contended that
the banks are the people. He affirms, as it has
also been maintained with, great ability m the
other wing of this building—that labor is capita),
and capital labor, and that the interests uf all ca-
pital, therefore, whether m banks or m any other
form of investment, are the interests of labor and
the people. If these positions be true, then, sir,
the policy contended for, of associating the Go-
vernment with the banks and capital of the country,
may be proper and necessary Indeed, all capital,
in every department of industry or speculation,
should then be taken into the arms of Government.
This has not been hitherto the received theory, at
least of our free institutions. With ns, that the
least government is the best, I had supposed had
become a maxim, whose tiulb, philosophy, and
experience had alike united to establish. And
why should this be so1 Because, sir, there are
different and opposing interests in society, and
especially between those two great elements of
industry—capital and labor—which the interference
of Government invariably mjuiies by partiality.
Hence non-interference—to leave capital free and
labor free, without partial legislation or connection
with Government, has been the policy of our
free institutions Whether the interests of labor
and capital conflict, or are always identical in in-
terest, is a question, then, lying deep at the very
foundation of all Government; and is especially
important under our free systems, established con-
fessedly for the benefit of the many.
I agree with the gentleman from Mississippi, in
his general views on this great subject. In the first
stages of s jcietj, labor and capital may move on
harmoniously together. Capital is indeed the pro-
duction of labor, and is generally increased by
employing labor, but it does not follow, that on this
account, no collision of interest can occur. So
long as the means of subsistence are abundant,
labor may make terms with capital. If wages are
not as high as the profits of capital tente fair,
