CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
prWeBientá at the Másela ¡md Colbert's shoals, on
the Tennessee-river.                      f
Mr, CAKTER offered the following aiueiidment,
which was aecOpfed.
"And for the purpose of extending the said
improvement tip the Tennessee and Hols on rivers,
by removing the obstructions in. thorn up as far as
Kmgsport, iti East Tennessee, commenc ng at
Colbert shoals,."
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina proposed
further to amend by adding the following, which
was agreed to
"And that tne said committee be further in-
structed to inquire into the manner m which former
appropriations of land or money for that object
have been espended "
On motion of Mr TAYLOR,
Rtsbhtd, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into tne expediency ol bo
alteung the laws relating to bounty lands as to
allow those entitled to them to locate oti any public
land subject to entty at private sale, or to recave
land scrip m lieu of bounty land.
On. motion,
The House adjourned
IN SLNATE,
Tw-sday, December 12,1837
Mr. CUTHBÉRT, from Georgia, arrived and
took his scat
Sundry private petitions waie presented by Messrs
S FRANGE, GRUNDY, McKEAN, LYON, AL-
LEN, RIVES, SMITH ot Indiana, TIPTON,
ROBINSON, DOTS, HUBBARD, and others,
and,on motion, i Scried to their appropriate commit-
tees
Mr. McKEAN piesented a memoml ftom a
large number of cili/i ns i f the St tit o< Pennsyl-
vania, remonstrating fig i n t the. annuuon it
Texas laid on the t u le
Mr ALLEN piestntcd a mono nal fmmfoity
sii. eitoenb of Ross countj, Ohio, remonsiritmg
against the annexaUon oí Texas laid on the tibie
Also, a petition from II Kingsbury, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, asking a repoal of o much ot the post
office law of 1810 as relates to ope mil? the mails
on Sundajs, de
Mr ALLEN said the petition w t of eoiudei i
ble length, and as the petitioner had r< quested that
it might be printed, he would move the Sen ite to
that tiftc, and that the petition be itfcir~d to ill >
Committee on the Post Ofhc< md Post XI a< s Ti ••
would take this o6c>son to obsetvt ti t le hi!
understood iiom a< nittenm oi the Hems ot Re-
presentatives, that the petition r was <t go id tml
excellent citizen
Mi NILES ] e inte l i p ilion f u ( m
Isa* cHull,pi t/iii cnupu i > fot I i vici
m  the Wu-iHin      i   v ivy   Vid   >           '  11 ir
Commit ec on N<n  1  \ ' ir
Mr, KINGmti í uu1 11. n to     n in  m   ai
entitled "An act in   lU b tt i org unruion u   i i
district conns of the tin tul £u es, \v ti m I1 ( S    c
oi Alabama   if ad I vice and *cfcric ! u thi Com
mittee on the Judie <u>
Mr CLAY of A1 ia na, introduce I a bill At
the ichcf of certain pew is t* eiem uuiu1 v J eh
was twice real and i '"« d t > the Cuii i !L„ on
die Pos Olí c and Po t R-> it"-
Mi GRUNDY mtv-c1 d a h ll to alt i d
arr-end aa act lelituv ti die punishment oí c Mini
crimes with i th„ Ur i ed States nice icid and
referíed to the Com ru""e on   ie Ju h 1*1 
Mr GRUNDY, fmi fir Con riitte on the
Jud Ciary, re^-or^J i bdl to c ab1 sh 'i e i m faij
line be twee a Ivlichig n and ti c Tur.  )/ ot Wis-
consin, with an araen lincri
Mr KING, f'om the Commtt'e en iNav 1
Afairs, reponen a bill to an' lonzc the P<-c* eVnt
to cans'1 the public \essels to atu'^e on the «yj
dunng the \i inter scasrn, wiipout amen linca1-
Mr KING mad-1 «o ne few -emarku oi the neces-
s ty of a speedy ac'ior or this bill, which wastakei
up in Committee of the Vv hole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading
On motion of Mr CLAYTON, it was
Resolved, That trie Committee on Comm*ree bs
instructed to inquire mto the expediency of -esta- j
blish'i«g a port of entry at New Castle, on the De-
lawanr
On motion of Mr TALLMADGE, it was
Resolved, Tnat the ( <. mrmute on Pensions be in-
structed ti inquire m'o the expediency of so alter-
ing th3 p nsion 'aw ss to a'low pensions to widows
v, In   iav n4i e married ¿ rer the war
Mr LYON p edited a petition from Geoige
Johnson, piaying compensa'ion for services as In-
dian interpreter, referred to the Committee on
Claims
Mr GRUNDY presented a petition from the
heirs of Piancois Cazean, late of Montreal, pray-
ing remuneration foi losae  sustained by said Ca-
7eaa during the Revo'unoisry tiar, referred to the
Committee on Re 'olutionary Claims.
On motion 'of Mr NORVELL it was resolved
that the Cornir>iU3e on di  Judiciary be instructed
to inquire in'o the exped ewy of increasing the
salary of the D stnc' Judge of toe State of Michi-
gan
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a com num-
cationfrom the Secretary of the Tieasaiy, contain-
ing a report from Mi Hasler, showing the progress
oí the survey of the coast, and continuation of the
standard of weights ana measures ordered to be
printed
Also a reportfrom the Secretary of the Treasury,
m complnrce with a ¡evolution of the Senate, in
relation to-the location and co«t of marine hospi-
tals on the western waters, and the íegulation of
ihe marine hospital iund referred to the Commit-
tee on Comrrerce, and oideied to be punted
On motion of Mr BENTON, 500 additional
copies weie or lered
And the n the Senate adjourned.
house or representatives,
Ti r  on, December 33, 1837
Vc> ü lis   and   mem ir ik were    pr sintel   by
Mossr     EVANS,   SMI Hi,   md CARmt, oi
Maine
Messrs ATHERTONandCUSHMAN, of New
Hampshire
[Mi  Cisiimin piesent'd the petition of sundiy
inh ib tints of Poi 'smouth, N   II   Boston, Mass
«• lotheis piaym^ foran apmopnation loimpiove
R}ehaibor—lefeired to the Committee on Com-
meice, oí Nathaniel Gunnison, of New  Hamp-
shiie, lolatuc to the distubution of the rewdue of
the pn/e mo icy male by the ship Bon Homme
Iliclnid   Crii'odor    Ji' a Pail  To     —tie  e!
to ih   '"'on m lí t o i ruci"n A^m   , oi N< ha   el
Gu him), si it i),   thU in  17'9,  the  Caitn iiiü
••qnli i), cimmuil  1 by John P.-nl Tones, esp-
lín 1  fion  in  ¡Demy  ihiee  vr« eK,  called the
Lnion, bt'sv, "i 1 Ch um nf Po"v, vilued at ftiy
t    u ji '  pi mi's <■ c me,  wl ich u re   en i ij
C< i t i T\    va/      i he  Kin™ oí   D n nari •> id
lso      } oi    red mem to bt, rp- ned to (he D it sh,
( i the xIK «r d Í5101111I th-^t Denmark, not ,nvn<*
ac'rnow1 d ed   tne   iiUpeiirteiv.v2 oí   th    United
States, she could   n >' consult to  have men de-
Uniel i> 1 _, 11 piz.es of nu     Th s act on the
pal  ot Dir nam has leen a suoject of negotiation
'x.n cm  the United States md tnat Goviniirn  t,
bul   ttnehr  mdeii iiity  foi these  pii/es m01c in-
cluí     H th- < 1 rip- t betivirn the  Uuicl btatcs 1
jil') i 11 v,ihon iiii  losir     '   t\ bed er I
it was c r ne , he tl 1 il s 1 ip U 1 i     "t   1   oe bt to I
ic r ii I theretor, ir d pms taat his  distmulnc
Jr e, as the ri pi asenta u:  of on   oí the c*> ito s
m j hi- p-^il to h m— efe/red lo the Con n 1 'ee on
IVcion Iffir, cf Tim"s Y/he kr,  pi  \ ng the
pas ag   of an ->ct al'o«m0 pensions to <ie Wi   y is
? ii rhii ten of non- ommiss ored o-* ceis- ind =0 -
dinrs  nho nay lose ih ir lives m the s—-nee of the
Uii 'ed Slates—itfciied to the Cimin tte- on M li-
tan' Affair .]
Messis GRENNELL, BRIGOS, CALHOUN,
RE^D, P \RMENTEE, GUSHING, LINCOLN,
PHILLIPS, HASTINGS, BORDEN, ADAMS
and rLEFCHER, ol Massachusetts
[Mr Ad iMs presented several memorials against
,the annexatipn of Texas, and  o\tá their reference
to a select committee, with instructions to consider
a id repct thereon.
Mr Howard moved their reference to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs
The above motions lie over ti 1 10-morrow
Mr. ADAMS presented a petit on, praying for the
abolition of slavery and the slave trade m the D s-
tnct of Columbia, and moved that it and the peti-
tions presepted by himself and colleagues at the
late special session on the same sub^eí t, embracing
upwaids of 50,000 signers, be referted to the Com-
mittee for the Distnct of Columbia, with inotrac-
tioas to consider and report thereon
Mr. Wisn moved to lay that motion on the
tabic.
Mr Potts asked for the yeas and nays on that
010 ion, which were ordered, and weie—yeas 135,
navs 70, as follows
YE4.S—"Vtessii Ale\anilci Anderson Aiherton, Aycrigg,
Beirno, Bell, Bn hall Boon Boultlm, lirodhead, Buchanan,
John t Ihoon Ca nbieleni;, Wm B Campbell, Join Camp
boll W 11 Cutpi^ Ca^ey, Chambers Chancy, Chapman,
Cheatham, Cilley, Claiborne, Clark, Cleveland, C owney Coles1,
Ciai" Craiy Crockett Gushnnn Dawson, Deben? DeGrafi,
Diom-oole, Elwards,Ewinff, Tarru gton raufeid Iiy, fral
Im J Gailan 1 Ghohon, I Giaham tiantlanJ Giaves,Gn(iin,
Iiilt.y Hammonl Hamei, Harlan, Ilairioon Hawes, Haw
kins Ilaynes, Hull Hopkins, How aid, Hubley, W 11 Hunter,
R >r 1 riunter J Iickson, Jeniier J lohnsan W C John
TOn, N Jones, J W Jones, Kemble, Klingensmith, Lawlei,
J cga e Logan, Toorais, Lyon, Mallory Martin, Mauiy, May,
McKiy, A MiClctlao, McChue McKiro, Meoifee, Mercer,
Mil ei, Montgomery, Moigan, Muhlenberg Munay, Noble,
Palmu Peaice, Pennybackei, Petnken, Phelps, Plumer, Pope
Piatt, Pientiss, Bhett, Rives Robevloon, Rumssy, A H Shep
held ij S^ejaiJ Shieldi Sheplor Smith, Snyder, Southgate,
«pencei, Stanty, Siewart Stone Stratton, Taliaferro, Taylor,
1 nomas, Titus roucey,Tutney, Underwood Vail Vanderveer
Wi«enei, Weeks, A te Wlme, J White, L Williams, Shcr
rod Vk ii mms J W Vi hams, C II Williams, Wise, Worth-
ington indYoll—131)
NAY —MebbTs Adams, II Allen J W Allen, Bicknell,
Bit 1U Bond Bnulen Bnggs, Bionson Wm B Calhoun,
Childa, Corwin, Cianston Curtis Cushmg, Dailington, Dafies,
Duncan Dunn Cierett, It Fletcher, 1 illmore, roster, Goocie,
W Graham, Grant Gray Grennoll, Hall, Harper. Hasting ,
Hem y Ilevod, Hoffman, Ingham, T B Jackson, Kilgore, Lin
coin, Marvm, S Ma=on, Maxwell, Robert McCleltan, McKea
nan Milligan, M Morns, Samuel W Morrib, C Moms, Nay-
loi Noyes OJe Parker. Pavmenter Patterson, Peck, Phillips,
P «Is Randcn Randolph, Reed Itidgway, Russell, Shelter,
s,,i iCJ y, it Tillmgiia«t 1 iland Wcbslei, i, Whittlesey,
Ii   i   r  Vlutltey    l\urko—"0                                    "
So the motion to liy on the tub e was decided in
the affirmative
Mr Adams presented several other petitions
from. Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, etc. on the same
subjtct, and made the same motions of reference,
which Were severally laid on the table, on motion of
Mr Wisi.
Mr Adams then presented another of the same
tenor
Mr Lath.fr raised Ihe preliminary question
of reception, on which
Mi Alums asked fd the ye is and najs,
uti"'i wen, oi le-cd, and were—jeas 144, najs 60,
us fu   o \S
\! \S-1fessrs >dimi Alexander, II Allen, I W Allen,
A ) n Ajiihcws \theuon, Aycugg, Bell, Bicknell, Biddle,
B i l«i lull B -n B>i izs, Brodhead, Bronson, Buchanan,
Willi imB CHioiro ( imbi U< ng Timothy J Carter William
I    < rt i ( -r time}, Cheatham, tinkle, Cilley Clark,
' lc         I ( ««tin; Oral Curator, turtis, tushwg,
( it Imui lliu. B vies D Graft Hincan, Dunn Tdwards.
i n r^ei t Lwin= raiiiiigton Fai held RichaidFletcher,
n ic Ver Tit Gil'up, C ooc'o William Giaham,
""        1 On it, Ci  vo   Ciaj.Giennell Haley, Hall, Ham
i   nl    Ifune   Il-n io n  Ha^i  Hastings, Hayno, Henry,
II   lo 1, Hilfnan \v II Htmtti Iigh^ro, T B Jackson, I
Ir I o I snph Johnson, ISathaniel Jono, Kemble, Kilgoie,
hi guismi h Lincoln losan, loom , Maivin, Sam on
V n Mix well Mi-K y Koboit "irCIellan, McClure Mc
Ti n "I ft "'ni i fin-mi Vuhiaa Morns, Samuel
(' Mom C ny a n, , Mu «nbirg, Mu ray Ivaylor,
v>       \ iye    0 le  1  1 mi   PaiKr, Parmemei   Patter on,
I         lh"f!  1 iitlip   V imer, Pope Po s,  Pi entres   Ran
r I ' rh U -cl Ri >«, Ivive lie «sell She Her, Au
cu i ie I telitnpoiu Sieploi t  b ey kUle ¡rfmih Snyder,
sin I) te s[ D cei Sira ton TayJm rilnn«ha t, Titus, To
1ml louse} \<*i) Vaiderveei \\ a°ener Webs er, Weeks,
Ai' t s Wile 1 tu Vvhlttleiei Inomas T Wlilll «ey,
Sieind Wilium JaieJ V\ Wi'liam , Wo thington aid
% oi I e—ltto
^ V"S s—airáis T eirne Bou dm, John Calhoon, Vt ilhain B
Cur I 11 Joh Cuir el1 GHpmon, C aiborne Clowney Coles,
( riel ett ü s ii Deberry Diomeo le, I Ga and,Gholson, I
C il un GníFii 1ÍIA s iiavkm-i Hi^k as Í ovvarl *iub ey.
Po rt M T Hun u Wil lam < ost Tohnsn lohn W Jon-s,
I iu leu" I/"i "M lory Vartin 11 u-j, May Ah'->-
him vj tlellm Vcínn, Mercer, Millei,Mort,oinei\ Pearce,
rc mybuc! ei, P^inken, Pratt Roncnei, Rhett Kober son,
Jlurise} Charles hhe ard Slneljü Stanley Stew-it Sione,
I 'nfcir T oma louey llndeiwoid IihnWhwe Le^vis
V ill uns Joseph I Williams-, Clmstonher II Wiluai^s,
Wise, and 1 eili—nQ
So the petition was received
When tho name of Mr Rives ivas called, that
gentleman rose m his plae \ and inquired of the
Chan the effect of this motion prevailing
The Ghair replied that it left the petition still at
he dmasition of the Bouse.
Mr. Rives said then he should vote for the re-
