mm...                          {                                                             .    ^t  i-     -    ,    r, i     ,i            ■  t^,.......-----------------
in the whole circle of his acquaintance; sent
forth So the world under the sanction of his
no me, raid nevei, (so fai as I am mfoimed)
until this, day, has he raised either his voice,
or his pen, to contradict them. I could not doubt
bu* that the publication was authorized by himself.
If not, was it not due to those who were thus gross-
ly and publicly slandered and traduced—was-itnot
due to himself, as a man of honor, to conect so
unfounded a calumny on the reputation of those
with whom he had acted? Upon this subject there
can be but one opinion.
I, sir, know no difference between the act of a
man, done by his own volition, where he himself
gives currency to a false charge, and the act of the
same man, who permits to go, uncontradicted, a
calumny calculated to affect so seriously the repu-
tation of others.
I hive taken occasion to state^that the course
of c( nduct pursued by the members oí the com-
mittee w?s such as appeared to me calcu-
lated to insure the respect and esteem of
each other; but it now plainly appears, from
the gentleman's own showing, that at the
very time he was holding out to his colleagues the
appearance of those feelings which gentlemen
should cherish towards their companions on a com-
mittee, he was hunting up matena's for staking a
deadly blow at their leputation, for he has just
stated, that he inquued of several gentlemen at the
' time whether the couise which he represented
the committee to have pursued was not unpre-
cedented; and that hi? received foi answtr,
that it was without a parallel Thu. it ap-
pears, that, while he made no disclosuic ot ,
unkind feelings indulged in by himself, while
he made no effort to correct the eiror of which
he complained to others; he was hjmg up
materials in preparation for a deadly blow Sir, I
envy not the fpehngs of that man who, wh.le ins
lips speak the language of friendship, meditates in
hr? heart how he may inflict the most deadly st ib
It is my duty to repel the charges which hive
been made ; it is an unpleasant duty, but one ren-
dered necessary by the circumstances ot the case ,
and when I have to choose between inclination and
duty, I trust I shall never hesitate
I am well aware that the charges contained in
the speech attributed to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, have already received a circuí tarn
which puts it out oí the power of those intended to
be affected by them, entnely to counteract their in-
fluence. The poison has been infused into many a
bosom, where the antidote can never leach it Ca-
lumny flies on the wings of the wn d, while trtt'h
follows but slowly in its path. As m all such c ases,
many, very many, will hear the chaiges, wpo will
never hear the contiadictiorr the fancier will i each
many, who will ne\ersee the leiutation.
I deem it proper to say, that, while rcsp-tt for
this House w,U restrain me from the use ui tci mv
with which tho act deserves to be chaiactenze I, ¡?s
these charges have been circulated m all dn«ctioiis,
it is a duty I owe myself to say tint th< y ¡ik .
without foundation in truth, i>nd basely fake          !
Mr   Fi etcher   was   then   discharged  I y   the  I
House, at Its request, from anv further duty a* a    |
member of the Committee of Ways and Means       i
TEXAS                                    ]
The House then proceeded to the consideration I
of the motion made by Mr Adavis yes'erda,% t > |
refer ccitam memorials presented at the prcsei.t ,
at the present and late special session oí Conzrev> i
by himself and colleagu s, against the annexation
of Texas, to a "-elect committee
The question pending was the motion of Mi I
Howard to reler them to the Committee on |
Foreign Affairs                                                       |
Mr ADAMS addressed the House at length
in support 11 his motion, and aga.nst the reference
proposed b\ Mr. Howar cause the subject did
not beittigto that commde ,and for the fuithei
rea^o" that they vvere a'riady committed against
thepravtr of the pi 'itmeis, ,'in-tin ds of th°m,sjx I
out of the mne,o <a¿ sai -' < 'd*t Mr A
addressed ihe Hous.. at Imgtn oi the sub-
ject generally, being sever, 1 times called to
order by the Chair, and Messrs. LEGAR
PE f RIKEN, SNYDER, and RHETT, when, hav-
CONGRESSIOÍÍAL GLOBE.
---------------------------£-----------------------------------------                  -----
T~---------                     '                                    -----'----------~       *~~
mg taken his seat, he moved for leave to proceed,
and asked for the yeas and najs, which weie or-
dered. The objections were then withdrawn, and
Mr. A. concluded his remarks.
[The grounds upon which Mr Snyder called the
gentleman from Massachusetts to order, were for
referring to the death of Lavejoy, and accusmg the
people of Alton as guilty of minder and-arson.
Mr. Snydi r demanded of the Speaker, whether
he would be permitted to answer the remarks made
by the gentleman from M,assachusetts,arraigmng the
conduct of the people of Alton, charging them with
murder and at Kin. If he (Mr S ) was permitted
to answer them, he would give his consen* for the
gentleman to proceed, but if not, he was, injustice
to his constituents, bound to call him to order.
The Cha in remarked, that any reply to remarks
made out of order would, of itself, be out of ordet
Mr. Adams, at this stage, asked leave of the
House to piocced, stating that he would not again
refer 'o Lovely, and demanded the yeas and nays,
which hav mg bien ordered—
Mr &WIM-R withdrew his objection, after th
avowal of the gentleman from Massachusetts lha
he \i ould not asain adveit to the subject ]
Mr. WISE then moved to lay the motion of ¡e-
fuence and the pe itions   themsthes on the tab't.
Mi. RHETT and Mr D UVSON severally ap-
pealed to Mi. Wisl to withdraw the motion, but he
declined.
M-. GRENNELL then asked for the yeas and
rajs, which were ordered, and were 3cas 127,
navs fit, no f< Hows*
\T\-----Mis is Aliv nl •   Vri'fi'm  \th lion R nnp Hill
l>ir'sill Bou1 In, hiojli^il Bronson liuiyn, 11I1.1 C 1 liooii,
( ambielu ? Willum H timpitll limotliy f Gutei,\vm
tí Ouiei,( t ij Humbug <-hme> ( b ipm m, Ghealb tm,
Cille\ (111 orne, CI irk, I luelaml Cole (. iau, Crociten,
(usliiui D'bmv 1H CiraJ I>onni«, Wromiio ill, E Iwiid
]  m. f'11 11 , mi r 111 fiUl fi «ill i> T Oi 11 1. T Gii'uin
Giamltml (Jiavi Giifbn Itnntl, flnlm Unison llawes
Ilai knu ITaynes Holt Hopkins Il>v<iitl Ilub'ij, It M T
Iluo'ei, lnpb mi Í ibe/ Taoksoii, Tin u 1 J i'-epb I ihnion, Wis
( lohn 11, N fono , T W Tul ^, hembie, iaw'u, I eipre,
Ieadbtttet boom Lyon Miilorv, .Idmes 51 Mason Mutin,
\liiil3,Mi\, Mi Kay, Abril un MiCIell 11, MeKim Mene.w,
Vtuii, Mi ici, Muntg'i'iieiy Mooie, M115111, -s VV i\Iori!s,
Mn ilenl ■■ 'Mmiiy Noljit, V ilmei, Pai on Pearce Penny
backet Pauken Phplni Pluimr, Vope, Piau, Pti-niisp, Ran
(oib, Ktnrlii It vo= Kobensol), Kuinse\, A II Mleppoul,
í-hulÍ! Miipl sjUl] j1( ^nydcr, 's nitluiti1, sjponrer, si miv,
Ntewm Sum1 Ta'uiiiro I\i\Ior, 'J'llus 'ioui ty, TIniki woo],
\ ail Wiener, \N eh tci John Whili., Tliomn T Wlnulescy,
L wis Will ams tahcirod Williams .Idled W Williams, los
1   Wi'hims ttw Worthincrl 11  \ill-U7
Nüí-V-n Finns' II Mien John W Mini, Ayim 
tin laid, liidil'i, Bond, Iiorilin, In™, Bun man Wm i!
' allionn fiowney Ooiwiu, liini in fu&lini^, Dailin^tnn
¡laws n, I1 M^ Diinran Dnoii I \ ins Ivirat, llich u 1
- ¡uebe 1 1 In) re (ihoKon, Goodi, \\ m Ordbain ilronnell,
lliVy, Ib! TI si id, Ha an.'" H.my II'ioil \\ ilh-1111 II
líanli i V it tie1 n, Ll icn'n, Marwn, ¡simoon V i on Ro
bei Jlei'lodiii \tiKuinaa Mdlican M ulnas Moins, i\i\lor,
Noves Oil1, Pukir Pauiiciei, Piutrson, Perk, Plmlipi
Pot o Ho' lliietl Ril0w,v jlussiil s,i!enir V snlpnar(^
s li' >, is ik, str t on i,i„ iiasr, Tdanl, T irney, A ■ 
V hi 1 b in \\ 1 1 tit c , l iiiis jpbei II Williani, and
^. or ,p~ ¡-S
S > tne whole subject was laid on the table.
co\st isramcE.
Aii SMITH moved that th- House take up the
bill i.om t'.e fpnatc to authorize the Presdintof
1' e Unit d Siat's to cause pjblic vessels to ctiuse
■iron thi r nst m the v,innr seison, tj relieve dis-
tits-se t t i\ 1,'atris.
Mr. EWS \G of Indiana rose and obieeted.
JV't. SMITH moved a suspension of the rules;
\vl i-'  ,"cva led
Tii" b ll v as then taken up, and having been
Ui e read,
Mi   SMITH moved its engrossment.
Mi WI^C s,.id he vished to male tips bill
iTuich moie liberal and extensive m its pio ision-,
and he theretoie moved its postponement till to-
morrow , which was agif-ed to
MILEAGE OP MEMBERS
Mr DAWSCW, on leave, from the Comrmltce
on Mileage, reported a resolution irsiuctng that
Committee to report a bill to make more uniform
tne pay allowed to members for mileag"; which
v as agreed to.
Peuiions  and memorials were then called for.
[Mi. Blsscl of Kew Yo-k presentcd }esterday
tue petition of Abraham Wright, of INew York,
prajmg tje enactment of a law authonzing the
issuing of a new land warrant in the place of one
lost, which was referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.    Also, the petition of Wiliam
1    ....." ■...............■.......*■       " ' ' ■    '                           *■>">....."■'
Meacham and others, of Essex county, New York,
praying the establishment of a new mail route, and-
for other purposes; which was jeferred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Pobt Roads. Also,
the petition of Prudence Barton, of Lansmgburg,
New York, widow oí Lieutenant Eufus Barton, a
commissarj', etc. praying the payment of several
s,ums of money due her said husband from the
United States at the close of the war of the Revo-
lution; which was referred to the Committee on.'
Revolutionary Claims Also, the petition of Lewis
Hatch, of New York, a soldier of the Revolution,
¡ raving a pension for Revolutionary services;
i\ Inch was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
lotionary Pensions. Also, the petition of Earl
Durfee, of New York, a soldier of the Revolu-
tion, praying a pension for Revolutionary ser-
\ ices; which was referred to the same committee.
Also, the petition of Stephen Truman of New Ysrk,
t le committee of the person and estate of Elijah
i ruman, a lunatic, who ivas a soldier of the Revo-
ibtion, plating for the award of pension which ac-
crued befw cen the time of lunacy and the appemt-
ratm of th" petitioner; which \t as referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Also, the
petmonof Simuel PefingiU of New York, a sol-
dier of the Revolution, piayinga pension for Re-
\olruioniiy services, which w,.s ieferred to the
Cornm ttee on Revolutionaiy Pensions. Also, the
petition >l Simon Mt<=s of New Yolk, a soldier of
the Revolution, with the hke praver, which was
aliitcrcfcrrc Also, the petition of Nathan Law
of New York, a soldier of the Revolution, praying
fu arreáis oí pension, intermediate the time of sus-
pension and that of resuming payment. Also, the
petition of A. R Moore, praying compensation for
pioperty taken lor the use of the American army,
on the Northern frontier, in the late war with
Great RriUin ]
Messis MoKrVI,PE4T?CE, THOMAS, HOW-
ARD, WORTHING PON, JOHNSON, and
JENIFER.
[Mr. McKim presented the following :
Memorial of William Wilson and Sons, praying
relief fi-otn the operation of the tariff act of 1&28;
"«Inch was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means A'so, the memirial of Samuel D Walker,
praying for return duties on Spanish tobacco,
under the act of July 14, 1839, which was leterred
to the Committee of Ways and Means. A'so, the
petition oí Hemy Brie, prating a pension for
wounds received m the late \iai with Great
Britain Also the pe'it on of Wm Shaw, keeper
of the lic,ht-house near Bal'imoie, prayingcompen-
satiOH for property lost by tac fire at the Lazarcttr;
wh'ch wai referred to tne Committee on Revolu-
tionaiy Claims. Also, the petition of Elizabeth
Sadler, praying for the payment of lost certificates
issued during fie war of the Revolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
AUo, the pf-tition of Susanna Bai'ev, praying foi
the renewal of a lost certificate for bountv laud, as
also a pi ns'on, which n as referred to the Cooamit-
tie on Rculutiutiaiy Claims. Also, the petition
of Samuel Deal, praying for a pension '"or services
rmdeud dmirgihe war of the Retolut on; which
Wcsre'erred to the Comm ttee of C'ai ns. Alsj,
h~ potiinn 0f Carries Cirtf-r, piajmg compénsa-
lo i for nis ra!'iir'iR voluiionaiv' ,ei vices, and his
i wn d lira  the la*e war with Giea' Eiitam; which
vasreierr 1 to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims Also, the memorial of Ann Le Vacher
do Van Bi in, piaying for 'he eommutauon pay of
hei late husband, a Ravoluho.iaiy ofucer; which
Wus rcfeired to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims. AKo, the petition of the heirs of the ¡ate
Lieut. Col Peter Adams, and Lieut. Adams, of the
army of the Revolution, praj mg for the renewal
of lost land crrtificates, which was referred to
thu Committee on Rei o'ut.onary Claims. Also,
the memoi al of the Visiters and Governor of St.
John's College, Annapolis, praying a portion oftK
pnbhc lands to the endowment of every incorpora-
ted college in the United States; wntch was referred
to the Co m mi ttee on Public Lands. Alsor the peti-
tion of Martha Biadshaw, praying for a pension
for services rendered by her husband during th 
war of the Revo'utton; which was referred to th 
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.   Also, ¿#
