m   ■      •                                    CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for Vice President at the first election shall be Vice
President, if such number be a majority of the
whole number of voles given; and if no person
have such majority, and if a Piesident shall not
have been elected, at the fb--i tral, then a second
election s'iali, on the sam  (lays that an election
is held for Presiden', take place between,
and. to be confined !o, Ue p..sons hayi. g
the two highest numbers for Vice Prcs.dent,
at the first trial; but in ease two or more per-
sons shall have received the votes of an equal
number'of th" electoral dr.'ricts for Vice President,
and such number be less than, but next to, the
number received by the jx rson bavieg the highest
number, but less than a majority of the whole, at
the preceding trial, then such second election shall
be confined to the person, having received the high-
est number, and to the elder or eldest ef the two or
more persons having received the next highest and
an equal number at the preceding trial"; ami the
person bavins received the votes of the greatest
number of electoral distrie's for Vic-' President, at
such second election, shall be the Vice President;
and such second election shall be conducted, and
the result certified, in all respects, in the same
manner as the first; but it the two persons voted
for as Vice President shall have received an
equal number of votes ia me second election,
then the Senate shall elect one of lhe in for Vire
President, as is now provided in the Constitution.
But when a second election by the people shall not
be necessary for the oilice of President, and a Vice
President shall not have been elected by a ma-
jority of ¡he districts at the ftr^t trial, then the Se-
nate shall elect a Vice President from the
persons having the two highest numbers in the
first election ; but ¡n case two or more per-
sons shall have received the rotes of an equal
numbjr of the electoral dSlncts for Vice
President, and such number less than, but
next to, the number received by the -per-
son baring the h'ghest number, but less than a
mtjorny of the whole, at the preceding Dial, and
1.0 ' :'cond election for Presiden! shall be necessary,
dme the Senate fhail, in electing a Vice President,
choose b eiwoen the per-on having received the voles
o-'the .^i.'c-.ir-t Mim'-e: of districts for Vice Pres1-
deml at the ib-«t !;,ai, md the elder or eldest of the
two or mo-e pcronshavov,-received th" ne.U high-
er, dr.d e;i .q •■".' uhp'.1, ■ • of v -tos of (he elccloial
uis! - r ¡s, at the !.■•.' ha d ! y V c "its'./ it.
On motson of .Mr. f-fUiir. \ IS'''. !'k o,b  for ib.-
relief of the !<•'.'.■ 1 i-pr .en . * v, i o, "        f. '.¡
deceased, i-a-- taken up.
Mr. IlUlbBARD went into a full erpiamnioa of
the merits of ihe oec-e, and uta.ed lb" i:nin«diat-p.is-
sage ofílie hp). Mr. IT. e.vie.l (''.eeli-ndou oí ihe
Señale lo fV 1?' ■• of 181 C, ;n rol ifimi to _t>s.!i;\-i de-
predations, lly that an it'w. s inacio n \ o ■.-
sary to inquire into the damage su,ia!ii"d, and
to make a true rejiort th.-reon; and when to"
law was complied with, piyr.ienl was award-
ed to the claaraiits. Tee Government had
appointed commissioners to mqeiiie into the ¡os-"s
sustained, in ¡he late war with the hoiUlc
tribes, who had made considerable progress, he be-
lieved, in Gecrgia, but not in Florida; the b.il be-
fore the Senate was the same as that reported last
session. Th" Dels ri Ihe case wcie, 'dial the planta-
tion ol fvjf. union- was taken ¡d-so'-'oii oi by th-
Amrncan ti  neroi coirmumkr." ¡n Florida. and in
consequence ft."roof we.s dc-tro1, e'1 by l'>e 'l,-;.-i-
nolcs. .'','!•. "e'lous. who bad taken op ana. ,n
defence of br- email,-;.-, bad fren kill- !. To" p:m-
ciple" 'avo'rf-.d in ilr« case were prce.-e'" 'bo si nc
3, tho-e of'cioms allowed under ¡:,c i.iv."- of t.-i;G.
and be t'.oiiehi Coneress bound 'y ore;y ofoi"i:,k
of law nod ¡y, lice to pass Ihe bill.
Mi. KIJNG said he did not pay particular a'l u~
tion lo the casein quorümi at ¡be !r. -t :.";sion < Í'
ConcTLS-; if be had. he would have been mor-*
disposed to have voted for it then than now. So
far from the United Slates soldiers having occupi-
ed prepeily being the cr.se ot '.U destruction,
it wa^ in many cases the means oí its being saved;
and the troops were often sohoitod lo take p.>s-o;-
sion, for Ihe very purpose of preserving it. Go-
vernment had appointed commissioners to go into
that country, and ascertain the damage sustained,
and make some estimule of the value of proper-
ty destroyed ; that comooission was now ;n th"
diseharga of that duty, and he presumed it
would not be long before the Senate woo'd
hare the report of the commissioners, /it all
events Mr. K. said, he was not disposed to act
on an isolated case. If this modo of proceed-
ing -were adopted, the result would be, that some
two or three claimants would be paid to tas preju-
dice of others. He wished justice extended to ail
the claimants, and wonltl go as far as any on", in
advocating it; hut really, in the present state of the
case, he thought it safer to postpone the further
consideration of the hi!! for th" pres-nt. Althoa-h
he would make no rnolion to that effect, bc-snbmit-
ted to the Senator (Mr. Hubbard) whether b woo1;!
not be better for htm to consent to such r> p.-: oosi-
tion.
Mr. HUBPAPD replied at some length. He
thought the parage of th.- nresent lull would no; hi-
t mfcre wph ¡víveos", rorr-i-íl.' i* pivbidi ;c Iheotai.a
of any imirvuhvil. It come r.-itVo the principle
recognised by !hc Government for lb" last iweotv
years, and he hoped theie wrmitf tv no f\vib.T de-
jar, but thai justice might at once be (hmo lo the
claimant.
Mr. DA.VIS said that Ihe suggestions of the gen-
tleman from' Alabama, (Mr. King,) were, in Irs
opinion, entitled to much weight. Preceden Is might
be established by a too hirly procecdni',' thai might
involre the coir.ilry in an immense expense, and
he would therefore move to lay the bill on the
fable.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama saw no reason why
claimant", ought not to h- remunerated; bio, in his
opinion, the first object slmuld be to ascertain how
fir Government w.is bound lo indemnify iiubvi-
duals for ilicir los-jo^ Repeated appbeations h"d
been made to the Department of War for force-- lo
p-oteo,t!hepropr'1y of the citizens, which,'f a'tended
to ¡it Ihe time, would, in •>!! probability, have pre-
vented these applications forindomnifo"t;on; hot if
I appeared thnt the Secretary paid more alteniio-i to
Ihe sugecífions of those immediately around him,
thin to t1^-.  ,. -i were acquainted with -he slate of
Ihe coim'r,-; -T • !¡r•)?.<? property was cons"(piont-
ly left u-'i-.f" h He was not no-. , however,
di=posed io (Fs-i"" s ■ h" op ^snon at present.
Mr. NÍLFX- Iho- e'U u was proper lo dolar IV
subject until ¡i could be 1-. .deed at in all its various
bearing. The Co ■•rnme.,t had acted \ri 'dv in
aonointln  eomreis- i.-nors i" ■ o w:o'h-'•<•''•.r.',r;\
p i 1 indec io ' '"'■ '"'d 'b--o'-:'a:',i;', ;.. obfop a.I
the faots, all I..Ó y.."-,-.-' , '¡v,o isi-.u.-os o\ -diich
lee claims were fon"ded, am! Iheii to riaho llvi1
r'perr. He oaw no rea-on why in  cos" sboul I
] f" acted oi), when a or .innis-rion bail b-en ap-
p;dn'"d lo repon o" the n hoi" sebjee.;. it n-r|;i
bo thai some o day would be ocea lon'-d to th"
fiTer-rs, but, on th >-yho'efit vrou!! be the w-b-"''-
and s-if-r p ihcv, in bis opinion, to p-stpone the oil!.
Th" bill m; I ,id on th ■ table, when Mr. U.JP-
B.VUD e-rprcscd ¡i s intention of calina il vrp in
the ensuing wetl-,
Mr. AVrJOlIT, from the Ommitlee on Fb
nance, reported a b'll lo remit the dunes on certain
na peí machine i imported bv IJTenr/J Piclteiing:
*c?d, and ordered to a second leading.
Tb-1 bid fo re.nit the do'ies oo. roi-'ain 'it'"!s dc-
st-O'-ed by Hie e'eat fire in Xe- V.o! . u-< re-1 a
tbod drip; and, on :no'n n of Mr. fiTi V, (37".
VfsKr-T a sent: ig.) ran i \.d f ■;• (1^ r-. =.-it on \W
r.b'e.
0.1 Yiu.iio-1 rf M'. r.TvT?, th- Ml "".'• i-o,
d' "wb.-'bs "o eooboo  e a la frmi oaiv t'",1 b - op.
t '-m- irn'i', v..-,ih a t lew !e r;;te id ¡be benel of i -i
prcv isio.ns.
Tim fulls for Ihe relief of E. To*¡>. oral t>r' for
fniraliof of P,ra<tuo and Thadeus Feoebi do-, were
rend a third time, r;nl passed.
The ball to ascertain and designate ;h" imnn lary
l'iii between 1 'iohe an and W'-couc"i wpí dis-u<-
scl '-rMr. KORVflLl,, ÍAO". an; GitUMOY,
iva' amended, rnd order 1 ¡o be e.icrosi-cd for a.
third reading. P.y this a"ien oaenl Ihe plat of the
bouo'laty is made retainable fo Congress at i.s
next annual session.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to take up the bill, re-
lating to the District currency; when
Mr. KING said, as the Senate was not as M   '
as he could wish it when a bill of such importance
was to be discussed, he would more to postpone it
until Tuesday next, and make it the order of the
day for that time.                                 ■                   • ■' ¡
THE EXPUNGING RESOLUTION. ' • o •
Mr. BAYARD rose, and said that at the last-re^' '■
guiar session of Congress he had presented the re-
solution of the Slate which he had the honor i 
part to represent, against the defacement of the
journal by what has been commonly ealied th«
Expvngivg Resolution, and a! that time gave notice
that he°should at the ensuing session, and so long,
as he had the honor of a seat here, contend against
- that measure. When he gave thai notice, appear-
ances were maeh against the probability of success, -;
but the dawn of a brighter and better day had
broken 'apon ns, which" led him to hope the ac-
coranlishinent of his purpose was near at hand.
Thc'Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. Buchanan)
had, in the benevolence of bis feelings, when he
(Mr. Bayard) announced his intention of introduc-
ing a ¡escmdmg resoittUon at the 1 tst session, ex-
pressed his hope that lie might live to see its adop-
iion; meaning, no doubt, to beslo.r «pen him a
loajeihrncdterm of existence, if not an immortality,
in the same snirit of complaisance in which a Spa-
niard wishes you may live a thousand years. halr
Mr. B. said, he should be very sorry lo have his ,
life cut short as speedily as it was now probable
that event would occur.
The resolution he presented was merely to re-
scind the expunging resolution, without professing
lo expiess any opinion on the meriis of the origi-
nal resolution of 1834. Tie contended against the
rieht of exponction, and his purpose was solemnly
to disavow that principle. He m"vcd that the re-
solution which he now presented might be bud
upon the table, and printed for ihe use of the Se-
nate.
Mr. T!. then offered the. following preamble and
resolution :
Whereas, the Senate of the United States, in the
exercise of its functions as a deliberative assembly,
did, on  the 28th day of March, lb'3-i, adopt the  -
following; resolution:
" Resolved, That the President, in the late Exe-
cutivo proceedings in relation to the revenue, has
assumed upon himself authority and power not
conferred bv the Constitution and laws, but in de-
n git on of both."
i AuJ whereas, afier'rards, to wit, oa the IGih day
of January, 1P37, ihe S mib , in reeerep.ee to the
above resolution, adop'cd another as follows :
" Kcso've-l, Tnat Ose siid resolve be expunged
fnm the Journal; and,, for that petrpos'e, that th-J
Fecretiry of the Senate, at such time'as the Senate
may appoint, shall biinjr the manuscript Journal of
the session nf 1333-4 uilo the Senate, and, in the
prp^-iioe of the Senate, draw black lines round the
said resolve, and wri<e acr-'-s the fa-..o ¡hereof, in '
strong letters, the wi rds fo'lovring: Expunged by'
order of the Senate, this IGih day of January, ia
the year of our Lord 1837."
And  whereas  the   Constitute em   of   the  United '
States expressly requires that caeh "House of Con-
gre=s s'a.ll keep a journal of Js proceedings, mean-
int; (hereby to preserve  a ir fofo! and permanent
recool of th'---" prooeeiina-:
And v/oeaeas 'he Pcnaleof the U:i'led States,
rider"-ido"'ly of jH legible-*ire, exe-ar-ive, and ja-
il -'di'Li.vaoi no. has ihe iaherrn! r>aM, as a dehbe-
r"'.l."c assembly, to e;;prfss >ts on; vo.t'g winch ran
hp done only by resebpions :
And wher.-as lis iplnions. when *hus expressed,
tacóme pait~('f '•-• proceed ngs, of which the Con- •
s; puion provides that a p rmanent record sha 1 be
kepi:                                                                        i
And whereas the resolution of the 16th of Jan-
uary, 1837, an! i'm act o•" the Secretary of the
Senate-in eornpli.-n;.' vi'h u, was a vio'ation of
f.e Coi siiHia.-in, inamjueh as, in legal coifnipl*-
•oori, it des'r.iyo.t, and in fact defaced, the record
of ihe proceeding; lo which it refers: wherefore,
Resolved, That the resolution of the 16lh of Jan-
uary, 1837, commonly callad the expunging resolu-
tion, be, and the same is hereby, rescinded, aBd
