30      -                      .                 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-......■    .'........---------......■■;■......— ■     ■       '........-■"■        ■ ■■■—...........                                                 i   '       "         "            —'   '        -             '                                                   • .......■""'        "......*■
in this respect, why the necessity of endeavoring to
increase the excitement in the country, which is
already too highly excited, by additional exciting
and alarming speeches being made here, and sent
forth to the country, before the President's Message
had been referred to the appropriate standing coin
inittees of the House, and before any repon having
been made thereon? Mr. B. said that he viewed
such a course of proceeding not oniy unfair toward
the Administration, but as being without a prece-
dent in the history of any former Congressional
proceedings, and could not, therefore, be pi "due-
live of any beneficial results to the people and the
country. But, wr, we are told that the Administra-
tion and its fi lends are running counter to the sove-
reign v.'Jl of the people. Mr. JB. said there was
not a public man living, who held the sovereign
will of his constituents in any higher or greater
reverence and respectful awe than he himseif did;
yet he felt disinclined to be seen playing off the part
of a political demagogue in that House orelsewheie.
He would, he said, on all questions of public
policy, endeavor faithfully to repiesent the will of
his constituents, whenever made known to him;
and he presumed that there was not a mem-
ber of that House who would intentionally mis-
represent the will or the wishes of his immediate
constituents. Mr. B. said that he was in favor of
the preposition of the gentleman from Georgia,
(Mr. Haynes) that of referring the subject of the
public revenue, and every tiling connected there-
with, to !hc Committee of Ways and Means; and
when that committee shall h.iv e made their report
to the House, it would then he competent for the
majority of the House io adopt or reject the same,
ei.her in whole or in part. A different course, said
Mr. B. would only tend to delay the final acuou of
the Hour c upon the great and exciting question as
to the future vuV-'u'epmg of the public revenue.
Mr. B. added, mat ne had a t'aw words to say in
conclusion, in reply to some remarks which had
just been uttered by the member from Massachu-
setts, (Mr. Reed) who had last addressed the com-
mittee. That gentleman, in his attack upon the
late and present Administrations of the General
Government, stated m his place, that this Govern-
ment would no doubt lose a very considerable
amount of the public revenue winch had been de-
posited by order of the late Administration in the
Srate banks. We are told that the Treasury of the
United Stales is now bankrupt, and that ire Go-
vernment is in dancer of losing a very considerable
amount of the public money now on c.cposite m
the Stah banks!
Sir, fiom what party decs this msplclou cmihhargt
of bankdilinq-.uTnj come? Does it eor.ie from any
friend of the bite or present Adaiinistial ¡oul No,
sir: it cornea iroma lax!, r of tiie mcOcrn U'.'ng par-
ty! Thi-i suspicion and change of ;si"ie bank de-
¡mquoacy cmne-i v.'ith a bad erice fivm the ha:-!,-
Sl'Ugi Ihemsclvts. WhcnP.e.-ident jaekp.iii c.nuvc1
the moivyof ih?. peiylc to lc depo imI in the
?>a:g' fcai",' for sa' .'-icoepn.1.-. lie inert thought ami
believed, as X did myself, ".'id ot!i:.% who favor".!
the measure, thai ¡he maae-i s Jl ;'.i"-e "T.!;,y'
banks were Lo:xts/ mra, and fin' tiu-v v<ouM no¡,
by any possible mear , cWi.-.ud the G¡ vernmeat
and iae people  o; ! of one cent of tlr-ir money.
Tvír. fí'. stid that er-hty-clu'V.. Stat  aid Veal
banks h.,.1 b 'La sjoiial ;_■/ 'l? hue Ad.nir.isti.n.en
as (leposuo.jcs of the public revenue, .aid oí that '
íiumbei r.e won.d hazard the deck,atoa, \vi l.oiti
oficial information being given, ¡ha, ..t least eigh-
ty-five oi'ir"s-, oeo'i.Mte harks were under the -ion-
Uol and inana^e.r.snt of '' l"'ui;\.,K The prbhc
rionev." of liie ] copie, thus aspo, i -d for s.ift--kee;;-
i:i?, are in the iun";s of the !! M'aigi," au.i ii any
poruc.i of :' >}.cv,'c. re io--1. to t.;c lah.ve. anient, it
it wcu'd be luftk," ¿lia've ".hie u> the di-nonestt of
ieo " iViHg" !,¡'if::,aiiil¡n:.it :c!to ,<.,••?,•<., and viu'iuge
the operations c; tiiO;e mstit'ü.ui'S, a.-al :wt to any j
a "to; the late or pi ¿sent Ah-aiii.siiV.'aons of the j
General Govern'neat, as has keen chn-ged by the
modern " Wings."                                                   I
The debate was coram'.-.;'.! bv Mersis. BO'ND,
HEKD and SWING ; ali-n,,' Yii.haat takirg
uih question, on motion of Mr. CAMBRE-
L-EN G, the committee rose and reported, and the
first two resolutions were concurred in.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, it was
Resolved, That, when the House adjourn this
day, it shall adjourn till Monday next.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the use of the hall,
to-mcrrow, at 11 o'clock, was granted to the Rev.
Mr. Wolff. Mr A. prefaced his motion by some
eloquent remarks on the objects and mission of
Mr. Wolff.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication in relation to, some private claim;
■which, on motion of Mr. REED, was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, from the Commissioner on the Public
Buildings, a report of "the expenditures thereon
durmpthe present year; which, on motion of Mr.
WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, was laid on the table.
The message from the Senate for the appoint-
ment of a joint c^imittee on enrolled bills, was
.taken up, and concurred in.
Two bills from the Senate, viz:
1.  An act for the relief of Elisha Towns, and
2.  An act for the relief of Erastus Fairbanks
and Thaddens Fairbanks, were taken up, read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Patents.
On motion of Mr. BRONSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions bo directed to inquire into the expediency
of amending the act entitled "An act for the relief
or John P. Becker," passed March 3d, 1837, so
as to allow, the said Becker a pension of ninety-
six dollars per annum.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of authorizing the Postmaster General
to pay to Elisha Jackson, of Virginia, the amount
of the drafts drawn on the 29th day of December,
1834, by William Smith, late mail contractor, in
favor of said Jackson: one for §337, payable the
1st day of August, 1835; another for $237, paya-
ble the 1st day of November, 1835 ; and another
for $237, payable the 1st day of February, 183G ;
which were duly accepted by the treasurer of the
department, and have been protested for non-pay-
ment.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, Dec. IS, 1837.
As soon as the Journal was read,
Mr. BRIGGS rose and addressed the Chair as
follows:
Mr. Spk.ikkr: A few days since my colleague
was excused from serving on the Committee of
Ways and Means of this House. The Speaker
d d me the honor of appointing me to fill the va-
cancy occirioned by his withdrawal. The circum-
stance; under winch that vacancy occurred, which
Í deeply regret, seem to render it impioper that I
should occupy the place on that important commit-
tee. This, with perhaps one or two exceptions, is
the opinion of ill my colleagues from Massachu-
C't-. 1 therefore, nr, respectfully decline the ap-
pcii'¡'-1ení/ and ask the House to excuse me from
sel"'. !i"a
Mr.B. was accoidingly excused, and the Chair
ordered to ¡ill the vacancy.
Petition' and memorials weie then presented by
Mr. DOWNING of Florida.
Messrs. CHAPMAN and MARTIN of Ala-
bama.
[Mr. Chapiun presented the petition of Isaac
Morrow of Madiso'i county, Alabama, praying a
r¡gh! to enter at Government price, a one-quarter
section of land, in lieu of his former pre-emption
taken bv a sixteenth section. 1
Mr.aCASEY, of Illinois.
[Mr. Caskt presented the retiran of sundry citi-
zens of Lawrence count v. Illinois, praying Con-
gress to srsnt to Jacob May, of said county, the
right of pre-emption to one hundred and sixty acres
of .'and, in township five north, le.oge fourteen
v. est, whi. h, on his íaoiion, '.'as referred to die
Cou.r-.-uee on th. Public. Lands.]
Mess.s. EEROD, EWING, and RARÍDEN, of
Indiana.
[Mr.' Rariden presented the petition of sundry
citizens of De Kalb county,.Indiana, praying for
the establishment of a weekly mail route from Fort;.,
Wayne, Allen county, Indiana, to Denmark, Wil-- ■
Hams county, Ohio, thence, intersecting a contenv,! '
plated route from Defiance, Ohio, to Lima, Indianti^a•,
passing through the villages of Orange and Vienna:;" -.
referred to the Committee on  the Post Office and""
Post Roads.]
Messrs. WHITTLESEY, HARPER,MORRiS*.- '
LOOMIS, and MASON, of Ohio.      ,              '      / '-'
Mr. Speaker POLK, Messrs. CAMPBELL and'   -
CARTER, of Tennessee.                                   .    "   ;
Mr. SHERROD WILLIAMS of Kentucky. -
Messrs. HAYNES, JACKSON, and   DAW- ;
SON of Georgia.                                                ; "   '
[Mr. Jackson presented the petition of sundry in-,.'.
habitants of Cass, Paulding, and Campbell, coun-
ties, Georgia, praying the establishment of a post
route from Campbellton to Cassville, iff the said;
State: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.]
Messrs. BOULDIN, COLES, CRAIG, JOHN-
SON, BEIRNE, MORGAN, and JONES, of Vir-. ,-''
ginia.                                   '                                   -
Messrs. McKIM, JENIFER, THOMAS, and '
HOWARD, of Maryland.
Mr. MILLIGAN of Delaware.
Messrs.   PAYNTER,   HENRY,   NAYLOR,,.' •
DARLINGTON, EI DDLE, TOLAND, M. MOR.;
RIS, S. W. MORRIS, POTTER, HAMMOND,     ,
and PLUMER of Pennsylvania.                   i
[Mr. M. Morris presented three petitions of
similar import, signed, one by 49, another by 99,
and another by 100 women of Bucks county,; i
Pennsylvania, for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia and the Territories, and the
slave trade between the States ; which he moved
to be referred to the Committee for the District of-
Columbia ; but, on motion, they were laid on the
table.]
Messrs. IIALSTEAD and STRATTONof New
Jersey.
Messrs    PARKER,    McCLELLAN,    FILL-
MORE, MARVIN, NOBLE, TAYLOR, LOOMIS,     .
CHILD, GRANT, BRONSON.'CAMBRELENG,
BIRDSALL, HOFFMAN, RTJSSELL, TITUS,
KEMBLE, CLARK, MITCHELL and BRUYN     .
of Nca- York.                                                         •    :
[Mr. Bronsom presented the following petitions,'    .
viz: Petition of Chauncey Calhoun ot'Watertown,,,   \
praying the allowance and payment of the balance     ;
due him irom the United Slates for work done on
the Madison barracks at  Sachet's Harbor, New
York: referred to Committee of Claims.    The pe-   ' ■
tition  of Mary Snow, widow of Jonas  Snosv, a
revolutionary soldier, deceased, praying for a pen-     .
sion: referred   to   Commit tep   on   Revolutionary
Pensions.    Petition of sundry inhabitants of  Jef- "
ferson county, New York, for  the construction of
a ship and steamboat canal  around  the Fails of     ;
Niagara.]                                                                '  ';
[Mr. Taylor presented several petitions from "
inhabitants of the towns of Salina, Pompcy, F?bms,   . •
Truxton, Cincmnatus, and Chenango, fur the esta-     ■
olishment of a mail route from ¿íaghampíon to
Syracuse, New York, to pass through Lisle, Cin-
cmnatus, East Solon, • Truxton, Fabius, Pornpey,
and   Jamesville.   Also,  the petition of Barbara     ;
Reily, for  arrearage of pension.]  .
Messrs. EVERETT,SLADE, E ALL, ALLEN,
and FLETCHER, of Vermont.
[Mr. Slade, in presenting an abolition petition,,
pave notice that he should address the House; and
the subject lies- over till to-morrow.]
[Mr. Fletchee presented  the remonstrance of
Stephen Watkms aadfive others, of Kirov, county
of Caledonia, State  of Vermont, against  the ad-
mission of Texas to the Union.    Remonstrance of -~*
VV. Chaplin and eighty-four men and women of
L5 ndon, county of Caledonia, and State  of Ver-
mont, on the same subject.    Remonstrance of Da-
vid Young and eighty-eight men and women, of ..
Kirby,  county of Caledonia, State of Vermont,
upon the same subject.    Petition of Charles Stone      j
and seyentv-three others,  inhabitants of Lyndon,
county of Caledonia, Vermont, for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia.    Petition of fifty-nine women, of Burke, •   1
Newark, and Sutton, upon the same subject, eoun-.;;
ty of Caledonia,   Vermont.   Petitioa of David' *  -
