CONGEiSSIONAI* GLOBE.
31
Ypang and .eighty-five inliabitants of Kirby, coun-
ty of. Caledonia, Vermont,' upon the same subject.
[Mr. Allen presented the'petition of H. B. Saw^
yer, lieutenant in the., navy of the United States,
for a pension, for disabilities incurred in the service
of his country. Also, the petition of John Baittie
for a pension, for disabilities incurred in the last
war. Also, the petition of Major Chapin for a
pension, for disabilit ies incurred in the war of 1812.J
Messrs. WHITTLESEY, INGHAM, HOLT,
and HALEY, of Connecticut.
[Mr. Whittlesey presented the petition of Sa-
muel Dean for arrears of pension. Also, that the
petition of Walter Bradly be removed from the
files, and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.]
[Mr. Haley presented the petition of Coddington
Billings and others, in New London, Groton, and
Stonington, in Connecticut, praying for the erection
of a light house on the west end of Fisher's Island
at Race Point, near the aaain land, in Connecticut,
and moved its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce. * Also, the petition of Joshua Bill, praying
for an increase of his pension in consequence of a
wound received in the war of the Revolution, and
moved its reference to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. Also, the petition of 142 men in Nor-
wich, Connecticut, praying for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade in the District of Co-
lumbia,'and moved its reference to the committee
for said District. The petition, however, was laid
on the table, on motion of Mr Garland of Virgi-
nia.l
Messrs. TILLINGHAST and CRANSTON of
Rhode Island.
Messrs. LINCOLN, REED, GRENNELL,
HASTINGS, PHILLIPS, ADAMS, and PAR-
M.ENTER, of Massachusetts.
[Mr. Adams presented a memorial from some
Peace society, pi ay hug that Congress will accede to
a proposition of the Legislature of Mexico: that all
matters in issue between the two countries should
be amicably arranged, or submitted to arbitration.
Mr. A. movedthat.it be referred to a select
committee, "with instructions to read, consider,
and report thereon."
Mr. Howard remarked that the subject had al-
, ready been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Atfairs, under the order of the House of Friday
last.    He inquired if the motion was in oidor, with-
out first repealing that oidor?
The Chair ruled the motion to by in order.
]Mr, Howard moved to refer il to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.   With reference to the instruc-
tions "to read," Mr. If. inquired of the gentleman
if he ever knew an instance of that committee re-
porting on any subject without reading it?
Mr. Adams replied that he never knew that com-
mittee to do so,but an instance, did exist of another
- standing committee not only doing so, but a m.ijo-
. nty of that committee had admitted it in a publica-
tion over their own .signatures.
The Chair, said the petition giving rise I  debate.
v must lie over till to-morrow.
Mr. Adams presented an anti-nbolino  petition
from citizens,of his district, and moved its printing
ami reference to-the Committee for the. Distuct of
Columbia; but, on motion of Mr. Dro.mgoole, it
was laid on thft table.
Mr. A. presented many other petitions  on   the
.. subject of slavery and Texas; which, on motion of
Mr. Deomgoolk, were ail laid on the table.] ..
-   [Mr.'PARMENTEa presented the petition of Tho
mas 13. Cannet, and 124 ethers, of Cambridge; of
'. Elijah Buffer and, Nabby Willis, with 14 males
and 34  females oi Saxoaville; of ft. Hurlbut and
-. Mary P. Hurlbut, with 57 males dnd 91 female :, of
: Sudbury; of Isaac Smith end 26 others, of  WrJ-
ftham, all in Massachusetts; remonstrating asainst
■- the annexation of Texas *o the Union.   Mr. P. aho
'• presented the petition of Elijah F. Valentine and 72
others, of Cambridge; of N.  H. Grace  and  136
others, legal voters of Westfird; of John Barker
:-and 29 others, legai voters-of Watertown; of Levi
•• Brigharo mH-SÜ others, of Dunstable, all in Massa-
: ehesette,-.-for the, abolition of slavery and the slave
(. trade in thoBistrict of Columbia. Also, the petition
"of N. H. .Grace-arid 116 other?,. legal voters of
Í-Westíbrd,. Mws^Smwttsr'.ier.. the abolition of
slavery and theslave trade in ths Territories of the
United States.]                              '
Mr. CUSHMAN of New Hampshire.
[Mr. Cdshman asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That all petitions, memorials, and other
papers, remonstrating against the admission of
Texas into the Union, be laid on the table, until
an application be made therefor on the part of that
Government.
Objection being made,
Mr. C. moved a • suspension of the rules-, and
asked for the yeas and nays, but they were not or-
dered, and the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. C. also moved that the following petitions
be taken from the files and again - referred to ap-
ptopriate committees, with additional evidence,
viz:
The petition of Benjamin Watson, praying for
a pension in consequence of disabilities incurred in
the late war: rcferre'd to the Committee on-Invalid
Pensions. Also, tho petition of William B. Par-
ker, stating that during the late war with Great
Britain, in the absence of the captain, he was, for
thirteen and a half months, eharged with the com-
mand of a company in the fortieth regiment of the
United States infantry, and asks the difference in
pay and rations between his rank as first lieutenant
and a captain of infantry : referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. Also, the petition of
Elizabeth Gavett, praying that her 'name may be
placed on the pension list: referred to the Commit-
tee on invalid Pensions.]
Messrs. EVANS, FAIRFIELD, CARTER,
SMITH, and NOYES, of Maine.
[Mr. PATRPiFxr  presented sundry petitions, and
also offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this Hott^c whether
any application has been made !•;,• tho British Go-
vernment to the Government of fbe United States,
fur leave to march troops over the t rritery now in
dispute between the Governments aforesaid; and,
if so, the action of this Government ihereon.
Also, the following resolution:
Reached, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of-malring
an appropriation for the improvement of Well's
harbor, in Maine.]
A message, m writing, was received from the
Pr*;idnit of the United States, by tho hands of
his private secretary, Aboaham Van Bot.en, esq.
and, on motion of Mr. SMITH, referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, covering
a report from (he Chief Engineer, in reference to
the improvement, of Little Egg Harbor, which, on
motion of Mr. SMITH, was referred to the Com-
mittee oh Commerce.
Mr. DAWSON offered the following which lies
over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he i equested
In communicate to this House what number of the
Cherokee tribe i i Indians is yet remaining v:i thin the
limrs of the State of Georgia; how many hr ve gone
west of the River Mississippi, in conformity with
the late treaty between th^t tribe an.! the Govern-
ment of the United wales; whether he apptehends
any ditlicnlty in removing those who yet remain,
when the time uh-uluied for their ¡etnovat shall
arrive; v,-hat portion, if any, of said tribe have sig-
nified ti :ir 'intention to conform to said treaty;
whether he has any information in his Department
indicating a hostile intent among said Indians to-
ward the citizens of Georgia; and whether he has
any reason which may incline him to appiehcr.d
that said Indians or any part of them may commit
acts óf violence upon the citizens or depredations
up- n the property, about the time they shall by ths
treaty be rpqaiud to remove; what military force
he has established in that section of the Cttion to
secure the enforcement of the treaty, if necessary,
and to prevent acts of violence or depredations by
the Indians; whether he contemplates an increase
of military strength in that section; to what extent
and at what time. And that the Secretary be re-
quested to say whether any precautionary naea'sures
should be adopted on the part of Congress to aid
his Department, in causing, the -eseftuti©  of. the
treaty with the Cherokee tribe of Indians; and pre-
venting acts of violence and depredations irom. said
Indians or any part of them.
On motion of Mr. WHITE of Kentucky,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Pits-
ville, Kentucky, to Logan Court-house, Virginia;
also, to establish a mail route from Richmond,
Kentucky, to Nicholassville, Kentucky, via the
mouth of Silver creek; also, to establish a mail
route from Harlan Court-house, to, intersect the
mail route leading from Perry- Court-house, Ken-
tucky, to Scott Court-house, Virginia, at the Poor .
Forth post office.
On motion of.Mr. RARIDEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reviving and continuing in force the act authorizing
.certain sojdiers of the lasi war to surrender the
bounty lands drawn by them, and to locate others
in lieu thereof.
On motion of Mr. CHILDS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
•be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for establishinga term of the District
Court of the United States for the northern district
of New York, at Rochester, in the county of
Monroe.
On motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY of Connec-
ticut,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency ofreport-
in™ a bill making Bridgpoit, in the district ofFair-
fielcl, Connecticut a port of entry for the admission
of foreitrn vessels.
J On motion of Mr. ERONSON of New York, the
following resolution was adopted:        ,           " •
Resolved, Thai the Committee onRo:.ds and Ca-
nals be instiiteted to it umre into ths expediency of
constructing a sh'p ands't-Miiboal canal around the
Fails of Niagara, and that the repot, of the Secre-
tary of War to the House of Representatives, bear-
ing date the 14th of April, 1836, together with the
maps and accompanying documents, (which docu-
ment is numbered 214 of the first session of the 24th
Congress) together with all other papers on fi'.e
with the Clerk of this House relating to that sub-
ject, be referred to said committee.
Mr. CHAMBERS of Kentucky offered the fol-
lowing, which lie over one day:
Hesoleed, That the Secretaries of Slate, Trea-
sury, W.ir, and Navy be directed severally to re-
port to this House the amount of postage paid on
letters and papers transmitted fiom their respective
departments by the Express mail since its institu-
tion.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be direct-
ed to inform the Home,-whether in estimating the
amount of money received fur  postage cm letters
and papers tr.v^mltied by the Express mail,-he in-
cludes any estimate of postages oh Setters or papers
transmitted by tlrit m?il from biuisjl/or any offi
-]   cer or officers of his Department, having the privi-
i lege of franking, through the ordinary mail; and if
so, what amount of postages-in letters and papers
!   from his DcpF.itriier.tares.i mclndtd, oris subject
to bo included, from the fust establishment of the
Ei press nu-il.
Cn motion of Mr. GftAHAM,
Resolved, That the petition of F. Cuter, as ad-
ministrator of Charles Williamson, with   the   ac-
cou.-panyir.g pf-<:,:>'s on the file of the House, asking
corporation for public lands bought by then, and
for which Ihey c¡iunot;,ét  rie'its, be retened to the
Oüvmhtee on Private L¿n.¡ Claims.
51.-. MALLOllV oiif-red tho following, which
lies over:
Resolved, Tint the Secretary of War be directed
tócame a contitiuation of the survey for an inland
route between Charleston, South Catolifia, and
Norfolk, Vi.ghiia, (authorized by -¿.a act of the
last Congress,) beginning at tho northeastern ter-
mination of the Disto, 1 Swamp Cuna!, a::1' sxieud-
ir¿; to Hampton Rof-.c-s, asid also the country be-
tween the canal and Gosport, with a view to ascel-
taia the expediency Of. continuing the canal fo that
place, or improving the, river.
,    qh táoúm-pf Mr. J. JOHNSON,                - .  -
*i ■_-'  Rmhsd, That the Committee on Public Land 
