32        ,        '.''■_,
f      '  ■ ' "   ' '•''                      "■ ■■■■•—'......   ' '
Ve instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing appropriations of lands to satisfy the warrants
or scrip which have been issued, or which may
hereafter issue, according to the resolutions and
laws of the United States, and of the State of Vir-
ginia, for Revolutionary ssrvices.
On mot-ion of Mr. CRAIG,
Resolved, .That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roadsinquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a post route from Liberty, in the county
of Bedford, to Buchanan, in the county of Bote-
tourt, State of Virginia. .
On motion of Mr. PENNYBACKER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and-Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety -of allowing to the clerks in the Post
Office in this city, the ¡en per cent, allowed to the
clerks in the several offices of Government by the
general appropriation law of 1837.
On motion of Mr. STEWART,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads bo instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Patrick
court-house in Virginia, to Mount Airy in the State
of North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. McKIM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill to encourage the employment of boys in
the merckant vessels of the Untied States, when
bound to foreign ports
On motion of Mr. HAWKINS,
\/      Resoived, That the Committee on Revolutionary
. Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of issuing a duplicate military laud warrant, here-
tofore issued to Crawford Johnssm, a soldier of the
Revolution; which has been lost.
On motion of Mr. CLARK,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolntionnry
Peni ons be instructed to inquire into the propriety
of allowing to Jonathan Chandler, a soldier of the
Revolution, a pension, and that the petition and
papers of said Chandler now on file, be referred to
said committee.
On motion of Mr. CURT1SS,
Risotved, Tnat the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law to abolish imprisonm.' nt for debt, oa
ptocess issuin  out of the Cir. nit and District
Couits of the United States, in eai U of the States
wherein imprisonment and arrest for debt have
been abolished by the laws thereof.
Mr. SLADE offered the fallowing, which lies
over one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to lay before this House a statement show-
ing the number of acres of public lands which
have been purchased under the laws granting the
right of pre-emption, distinguishing the several
laws under which, and the several States and Ter-
ritories in which such purchases have been made:
and that he also be directed to communicate any
information which may be in possession of his de-
partment, touching any associations which may
hive been formed by intruders on the public lands,
for the purpose of adjusting their relative lights of
occupancy, and of putting down competition at the
public sales of such lands.
Mr. TAYLOR offered the following, which lies
over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of amending the third section ot the act entitled
" An act «ranting halt-pay to widows or orphans,
when their husbands and fathers have died of
wounds received in the military service of the
United States, in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 4, 1836, so as to extend the
provisions of that section to all widows of officers
and soldiers of the war of the Revolution, whose
husbands were entitled to a pension.
Oa motion of Mr. HOLT,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of refunding
to Jonathan Clark, esq. of Hampton,-Conn, the
sum of thirty dellars, by him paid into*the,Trea-
sury of the United States for a patent which was
i    not taken out, and he has abandoned the same.
On motion of Mr. THOMAS,
bofmrnv^MOA.
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims Be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for the payment of the claim
of Henry Hoffman, for military services rendered
in the Revolutionary war.
On motion ef Mr. HOWARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of conti-
nuing an act of Congress, passed the 10th of March,
1828, for the collection of tonnages on vessels at
the port of Baltimore, to be applied towards the
preservation of the harbor.
On motion of Mr. WORTHINGTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, be instructed to inquire imo the propriety
of allowing to the heirs of Edward Panned, the
amount due on a cerliitcate signed by Lord Butler,
assistant deputy quartermaster general of the army
of the United States, in the Revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Buildings be instructed to inquire into the condition
of the buildings occupied as offices of the Navy
Department, and the occasion for additional con-
venient accommodations to the officers and clerks
employed therein; and into the expediency of en-
larging the building and providing the means of
greater security from destruction by fire of the
valuable papers and records which it contains.
On motion if Mr. PHILLIPS,
ficio'i'frf, Tlaat the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of erecting
a beacon upon the ledge of rocks atthemouthof ti.e
harbor at Manchester, in the State oí Massachu-
setts, or of removing the same.
On motion of Mr. FAIRFIELD,
Reiohed, That the Committee i n Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the improvement of Wells'
Harbor in Maine.
On motion of Mr. REED,
Rno.'ved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of reducing the rate of postage.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN of Massachu-
setts,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
s'ons consider the  expediency ot tnak ng  further
provision  for the  surviving soldiers of the "0:d
Foimh Re;jment of the United States Infantry."
.  On motion of Mr. MORRIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of allowing a pension to David King of Brad-
ford county, Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. CHILDS,
Rrso'ved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for establishing a term of the district
court of the United States, for the northern dis-
trict of New York, at Rochester, in the county of
Monroe.
On motion of Mr. PHILLIPS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire*into the expediency of making
permanent provision for releasing seamen from the
payment of hospital money.
Mr. FAIRFIELD offered the following, which
lies over:
Retohed, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House whe-
ther any application has been made by the British
Government to the Government of the United
States for leave to march troops over the territory
now in dispute between the Governments afore-
said ; and, if so, the action of this Government
thereon.
Mr. GRANT offered the following, which lie
over one day:
Resolved, That the Postmastei General be direct-
ed to íeport to this House the whole amount of
• postas-e collected by his Department, on newspa-
pers, for six months, ending June 30, 1837.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be direct-
ed to report to this House a statement, exhibiting a
list of all persons with whom he has contracted to
carry Express mails, the length of each contract
by measurement or estimate, the offices at which
the Express Mail is opened on each route, the ave-
rage weight of each mail, and the annualfCBn^i^'" .
satton stipulated to be paid to each and every con-
tractor on Express mail routes, and the dnrattaajof - '■
each contract.                 '      ,                   '   - "I-.i"-'
On motion of Mr. SLADE,                   .,,•*..*#"*'
Resolved, That the Committee on Miliiaryaf, :* *
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediently
making compensation to the Vermon^volijift||i&   ,'
who went to Plaltsburg upon the .invasion bf~ike " ■
enemy, in September, 1814.                           * >.-••.
Mr. ADAMS offered the following, which ,fi ,.:
over:                                                              ' '" ,
Resolved, That the President of the United Stsjes',
J>e requested to communicate to this House a cójiy, f"
translation of all the pamphlets in the Spanish' |
language, stated in the report of the Secretary of f
State to this House to have been printed and-cir-,"
culated by the late Minister from the Republic,ot f;
Mexico, Gforostiza, before his departure from tjlis if
country, and the name of the Diplomatic function- 1
ary from a foreign Government who commnnieat-1 *
a copy of said pamphlet to the Secretary of State. >
On motion of Mr. GRENNELL,                    ' i
Resolved, That the Committee ba Military M-   *
fairs be directed to inquire into the expediency.of   '
granting a quarter section of land to Moses Pierce,    *
of Massachusetts, late a soldier in the army of the
United States, in consideration of his faithful ser-
vice therein, for the term of twelve years, coir-
msneingin ¡he year 1808; the said Pierce having
failed in the benefit of the bounty in land granted ■"
bv the Government to soldiers in the late war with
Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. PARKER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary '
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of restoring to William Andrews his pension of
eighty dollars a year, to commence at the time the
same was reduced by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of erecting a se-j-wall or embankment? extending
from the pier at Buffalo Harbor along the shorn; at
the foot of Lake Erie, sufficiently far to protect the
public works, harbor, and city of Buffalo, from"
injury by inundation fiom the lake in case of high
water; and also, into the expediency of making any .
other improvements in the psblic works at Buflalo
Harbor, or additions thereto, necessary to screen
said works and protect said harbor and the adja-
cent lands from injury by the sudden rise of the
waters of said lake, and report to this House.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
quiring the District Court of theNorthern District of
New York to be held a portion of the timp at thecity
of Buffalo: and of requiring causes arising within a
a certain district of territory adjoint thereto.'to be
tried at the terms of said court held in the said city
of Buffalo.
On motion of Mr. LYON,
Resolved, That the Committee oa Commerce in«
quire into the expediency of increasing the appro-
priation heretofore made for the erection of a ma-
rine hospital in the city of Mobile, to an amount
safficient to purchase a suitable site for the same,
and to complete the requisite buildings.
On motion of Mr. GRANTLAND,
Resolved, That the petition of F. Carter and the
administrators of Charles Williamson, with the
accompanying papers on the file of this House,
asking compensation for public lands bought by
them, and for which they cannot get patents, be
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion of Mr. LAWLER,
Resolved, That the application of the president
and directors of the Gainesville Railroad Company
for a right of way over the public land, and for the
right to use such timber and materials as may be
necessary in the construction of the road, be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. SNYDER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
inquire into the expediency of establishing a Sur-
veyor General's office for the State of Illinoi*.   '
On motion of Mr. BOON,
Resolved, That the Committee on PubK« TUmtt
