-«■::, ■   ,„ ■' '    ',V, „,''■ :"<:> •■■■•'......                                ______
.«Oiniiient, referred to a committee, and no
further notice taken of them. They slumbered
uptil the close of the session, and the com-
mittee was then discharged from the further con-
sideration of them. Mr. K. regretted most sin-
cerely that this unfortunate question, so intimately
connected with the permanency of this Union,, was
pressed by gentlemen upon the consideration of the
Senate. They urge their reception: for what pur-
pose? For none other under Heaven, that he.cpuld
perceive, than to produce excitement; to irritate and
inflame the public mind. So long as it was con-
fined to deluded females and fanatics, it was
of little import; but now it ba^. "entered into
the politics of the country. Mr. K. had re-
cently seen interrogatories .addressed to p;r-
sons, candidates for high offices, to learn how far
they were prepared to sustain those who were
industriously laboring to destroy the rights of the
South ; and he could not express his astonishment
when he found such men degrading themselves by
condescending to give an answer. Yes, said Mr.
K. |it has entered into the politics of the country:
u nprincipled aspirants have seized on it, and it has,
from that cause alone, become alarming. Mr.
K. feared not the great mass of the people, even
in New England: they were sound to the core.
Not so with the politicians: they were sinning
against light and knowledge. They desired, and
should receive, the stern rebuke of this body; and
their efforts to elevate themselves at the expense
of the Union shonld be promptly put down. He
would not receive or give any countenance to these
incendiary p 'titions.
Mr. DAVIS, in explanation, said he would not
suffer himself to be excited by any observations
made in reference to himseif. He gave way to no
one m a desire of maintaining harmony; and his
remarks were not made, as imputed to him, iu the
view of creating discord. He wished the member
from Alabama (Mr. King) was better informed of
the great respectability of the petitioners; if he (Mr.
K.) could but know the real state of things in the
North, he would not speak so contemptuously of
the petitioners. As to politicians, Mr. D. main-
tained that until the question came on here, no po-
litics were mixed up with the subject in any way
whatever. It was a question of conscience, of mo-
rals, of propriety; men of all parties concurred in
these petitions; there was no intermixture of inte-
rested politician--, ¡is the gentleman had presumed.
Air. HUBCAÚD remarked that he was not
h w.ii-e that any petition for the abolition of slavery
in the District ot f'ulumbia had ever originated in
that pari of New Hampshire where he resided. He
was o-nain that since he had been a member of
the Senate he hnd not been called upon to present
to the Senate any .-.uch memorial. And, since he
had been a member of Congress, very few petitions
in relation to tlii-¡ subject had been forwarded to
him IVoin anv action of the State he had the ho-
nor, m part to represent. If such memorials had
conic hither fiom New Hampshire, th^y must have
been com.im'ed to the care of others. He was as-
sured th?t the prevailing sentiment with the people
ot" his own dtate was, to let this whole mailer alone;
that it mas a subject viltk which they had no concern;
that it was their bounden duty, as good and peaceable
citizens, not to interfere with the rights of others; that
they regarded the question of slavery as a section-
al, k local question; and however much they might
regret its existence in any portion of this Union,
yet they well knew that its existence was sanction-
oil by the Constitution of the land; and with the
eontinuation of its existence in ihose parts of the
Confederacy, they ought not, and they could not, with
propriety, make any interference, unsolicited and
unasked" by those whose interests were affected by
it. These were the sentiments of his own State;
they certainly were, to a great extent, the opinions
of the people of New Hampshire. He was per-
fectly aware that this was an exciting subject; a sub-
ject which addressed itself to the passions, the preju-
dices, the feelings of the community, and, he was
sorry, to add, it was assuming, as far as he under-
stood its.course, a political character, he would not
say exclusively so, but it would not be denied that
a'greatDropjjaioa, a decided majority, of those who
professed-ta-bs.aboMuonists,,were among the oppo-
nents of the present Administration. This, most
assuredly, was the fact within the limits of his own
State. He had said, with much truth, that this
was an exciting subject, and nothing could tend
more effectually to keep alive the excitement than
this and similar discussions in either House of
Congress. The public mind should be unagitated,
undisturbed, by any debate on this subject within
this hall. If the Senate should pursue steadily such
a course, in bis judgment, quiet and tranquillity
would inevitably- be the result. The Senators
from "Vermont and Massachusetts have both said
that the course pursued by the Senate for the last
two years with reference to these memorials, had
tended greatly to augment the number and the zeal
of the abohtionisii. It may be so. He was not
aware, however, of any increased engagedness
upon thissubject within the limits of his own State.
He could not fay to what extent the excitement ex-
isted on the other side of the Connecticut, within
the limits of Vermont, and he was equally ignorant
as to the true state of abolitionism within the Com-
monwealth of Massachusetts. For himself, he felt
a pride, and a pleasure in repeating that the feeling
of New Hampshire was to let this subject alone.
He had, on a former occasion, very fully express-
ed his views iu relation to this matter. That oc-
casion must be fresh in the recollection of the Se-
nate. It was on the presentation of a certain me-
morial by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, from
the Society of Friends, praying for the abolition of
slavery and the slave trade within the District of
Columbia. The subject was long before the Se-
nate; it was much debated; one of the questions in-
volved in that debate was the right of the people to
petition Congress for the redress of grievances, and
the duty of Congress to receive and dispose of their
memorials. Another question involved in that de-
bate was, what ought to be done with memorials
and petitions for the abolition of slavery? How
should these be disposed of? These questions were
fully discussed and debated by many of the mem-
bers of the Senate.
He then advocated the right of petition. He
then maintained that the right was sacred and ab-
solute in the constituent—that the very Constitution
of our free and representative Government pre-
supposed the existence of such a right in the peo-
ple. That it was the duty of Congress to receive
all proper memorials and petitions presented in re-
spectful language. And he also, on that occasion,
contended that'll would be manifestly- unjusr to in.
terfere with the question of slavery in this District,
unasked and unsolicited by the inhabitants of (his
District. Since that time, the Legislature of his
native State had had the subject of slavery generally,
and particularly slavery as it exists in this District,
under their consideration. It was referred to a
select committee, and that committee had made a
full report, and had recommended the adoption of
certain resolutions. The report and the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of New Hampshire were
before him, and he was happy m adding that they
fully sustained him in the course he had previous-
ly pursued. Before he adverted to those resolu-
tions, he would say a word or two upon the subject
now immediately claiming the consideration of the
Senate. The question proposed now does not, as
he regarded it, at all interfere with the right of pe-
tition. It does not deny that right; and, so far
from taking any such course, the Senate had, on
another occasion, by its express vote, asserted that
right. The Senator from Kentucky himself advo-
cated the propriety of receiving this particular pe-
tition for the avowed purpose of reference ; for the
express object of drawing from the Committee for
the District of Columbia an argument against the
prayer of the memorialists. He has not said that
a vote in favor of the proposition of Ihe Senator
from Tennessee would in effect take from the me-
morialists the right of petition. But his wish
seemed to be lo get a report, an argument acamst
the object of this memorial. When the petition
presented by the Senator from Pennsylvania was
under consideration, it was ordered to be received
by the vote of the Senate, and the prayer of the
same memorial was, on the motion of the same
Senator, rejected by a vote of 34 to G. The Se-
nate received the memorial, it is true, and instantly
voted to reject it. His friend from Conneeticat
(Mr. Niles) voted with him on that occasion, a«4
he was well satisfied that that gentleman wis 'és
much opposed to the prayer of these memorialists
as any member of this Senate.                            ;__
He could not be ignorant of the views of thstf
Senator. He voted to receive the petition, :aniie
also voted at the, same time to reject the prayerof
the petition. For the last twenty years, b> both
Houses of Congress, the course pursued- has beea
a very decided indication that the abolition of
slavery in this District, as petitioned for by ibis
class of memorialists, ought not to receive favora-
ble consideration. In both Houses these petitions
had been committed to the Committee for the
District of Columbia. They had quietly remained
wiih that committee till near the close of the ses-
sion, when the committee had asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration. These
memorials had in many instances been received
and ordered to lie on the table. In only.onem.-
stance, according to his recollection, within the last
twenty years, had these memorials elicited from
either House of Congress a special report; and
that able report had been sent forth to the American,
people very recently. But it had produced no effect
upon the abolitionists. Within the last two ses-
sions, the course of the Senate has uniformly been,
on the presentation of these memorials, to cheek
discussion upon them at once. A. motion -has
been made, or what was equivalent thereto, that
the memorials be not received, and instantly some
Senator moves to lay that motion on the table
The effect of this proceeding is to cut off debate
and that is the whole effect of it. If the motion be
adopted, the memorial is necessarily received, and
goes upon the files of the Senate.
The Senator from Connecticut objects to this
course because he says it impairs the right of peti-
tion. He says he would receive and then vote to
lay them on the table, or he would receive and vote
as he has heretofore done to reject the prayer. The
course now proposed was in his judgment no denial
of the right of petition, nor was it any infringement
of that right. It was merely saying what the Se-
nate had repeatedly said, and what the other House
of Congress had repeatedly said, that this subject,
presented to their consideration as it was, ought not
lo receive the favorable action of the Senate. It
was merely saying at this time, under existing
circumstances, the Senate deem it inexpedient to act
upon these memorials. This is all that can fairly
be inferred from the vote to lay the motion of re-
ception on the table. And in his judgment it was
no more disrespectful to the memorialists than the
course which was formerly adopted, viz: to receive
and to lay on the table—to receive and reject the
prayer; and from the view which he had taken
upon this subject, he was unable to see the force of
the objections unred by his friend fiom Connecticut.
The adoption of the motion proposed by the Sena-
tor from Tennessee, cannot, in his view, be con-
sidered as equivalent to a vote against the reception"
of the memorial. As he had observe.', if the pro-
posed motion is adopted, the memorial is received
and placed on the files of the Senate. The whole
effect of this motion is, then, to preclude debate;
that the Senate deem it inexpedient at this time to
legislate on this subject; to lay the whole matter
upon the tabic; to do precisely in effect what the
Senate hits invariably done with this class of me-
morials—to refuse lo comply ,xlik oí to yield to the
wish-s of the memorialists. He would now, in con-
clusion, ask leave to read the following resolutions
which were adopted by the Legislature of his own
State at their session in January, 183T:
"Be it resolved by the. Senate am! House of Repre-
sentatives in General Court convtned, That we re-
cognise the constitutional right of the several States
of the Union to exercise exclusive jurisdiction
within their own limits, on the subject of domestic
slavery.
"Be it further resolved, That Concr-ess cannot,
without a violation of public faith, abolish slavery
in the District of Columbia, unless noon ihe request
of the citizens of thit District, and of the Stales by
whom that territory was ceded to the General
tfovernment.
"Be it further resolved, That as the Union, of the
