CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Frid,", December 22, 183T
After the reading of the journal—
Mr AD4MS stated that, as his name did not
appear among ihe  j eas and nays on the vote on
Mr. Patton's resolution of yesterday, nor was his
objection entered on the journal, it would not ap-
pear that he was present on the occasion
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that,
as he had not answered either " ay" or " no"
when his name was called, his name, as a matter
of course, could not be recorded
Mr ADAMS. I moved at the time that the
answer I gave should be enteied on the journal,
hut the Speaker said it was not in order. I then
íequested that it might be entered on the journal
that I made the motion, and that it was declared to
be out of order
The SPEAKER again informed Mr. A. that the
leason it did not appear on the journal was, th't it
was not in order, and referred him to a case pre-
cisely of the same nature which occurred during
the first session of the last Congress, and which had
been so decided by the House
Mr. ADAMS, after some further i emarks, moved
that the journal be so amended as to include his
objection to the resolution, and his reasons there-
for, in the following words.
" I hold the resolution to be a violation of the
Constmuion of the United States, of the right of
my constituents, and of the people of the United
States to petition, and of my right to freedom oí
speech, as a member of this House."
Mr. BOON moved to lay the motion to amend
on the table.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the } eas and nays, which
were refused, and the motion to lay on the table
was agteed to without a count
Mr." CAMBRELENG, fnm the Commit'ee of
Ways and Mean-, reponed a bill making appro-
priations for certain fortifications oí the Umtid
States for the year 1838 read twice, and commit
ted to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CAMBRELENG, from the same commit-
tee, also reported a bill making appropriations for
the support of the army of the United States for the
year 1838- read twice, and committed to a Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Mr. MERCER, desired to inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means if it
wasmtendedto reportany bill touching the clearing
out the raft of Red Rivei, or the Cumberland
road.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied, that ihose bills
were under the charge of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky (Mr Pope) and at that time in his hands.
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the same Commit-
tee repoited the Senate bill to remit the duties upon
certain goods destroyed by fire in the city of New
York, which was committed toa Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Urnon.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that there was
among the estimates not yet printed an appropria-
tion for completing the erection of barracks at Fort
L  aven worth, though the Committee of Ways and
Means did not find any express law authorizing it.
They deemed it expedient, however, that the Com-
mittee on Military Affans should have an oppor-
tunity oí examining the subject, and that, if they
thought proper to do so, they might repoit a bill
for the purpose. The Committee of Ways and
Means did not feel authorized to do it, and thev
had, therefore, directed htm to report the following
resolution, which was agreed to
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing an appropriation to complete the erec-
tion of permanent barracks and qu?rters at Fort
Leavenworth, on the frontiet of Missouri, for four
companies of dragoons, including stables for their
horses, according to a plan approved by the Secre-
tary of War.
Mr McKIM, from the same committee, moved
that the Committee of the Whole be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill for the re-
lief of the Baltimore and Susquehanna Railroad
Company, and that the same be  recommitted to
the Committee of Win and Means, which was i|
agreed to                                                                             i
Mr WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, leported without amendment Se-
nate bill for the relief of Erastus Fairbanks and
Thaddeus Fairbanks, which was commuted
Mr WHITTLESEY, from thesame committee,
reported without amendment Senate bill for the re-
lief of Elisha Towns   committed
Mr. RUSSELL, from the same committee re-
potted a bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard
and otheis, read twice and committed
Mr SMITH, from the Coram ttee on Com-
merce, repoited a bill for the relief of Sears and
others, read t« ice and committed
Mr SMITH, from the same committee, reported
a bill tor the relief of Henry Tunis read twice and
committed
Mr. SMITH, from the same committee, renorted
a bill for the relief of Frederick Reese read twice
and committed
Mr SMITH, from the 'ame eomimt'ee, reported
a bill for the relief of Sophia Steine read twice and
committed.
Mr SMITH, irom the same committee, reported
a bill providing for the reorganization of the Trea-
sury Department                                                               I
The bill having been lead twice,
Mr S. explained that the bill was substant ally
the same as had been heretofo'e considered, andas
it was a matter of great interest to the department
that it should be passed as speedily as possible, he
moved that it be made the --pecidl order for the
first Wednesday in January
Mr. E WHITTLESEY expressed a hope that,
after the inconvenience so often experienced, no
more special orders v, ould be adopted
Mr SMITH having so varied his motion, the
bill was committed to a Committee of the Whole
on the state t f th  Union.                                               I
Mr .SMITH, from the sime committee, rep >iled
a bill, providing for the employment of boys in
the merchant vessels of the United States read
twice, and committed to a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union
Mi SMITH, fiom the same Committee, re-
ported, without amendment, Senate bill to allow a
drawback on duties upon imported hemp when
manufactured into cordage and exported com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union
Mr SMITH also reported a resolution for the
printing of two thousand copies of the report of
Professoi Hastier on the s andaid of weights and
me¡>sures , which was agreed to
Mr SMITH, from the same committee, also re-
ported a bill malting appropriations for the erection
of a marine hospital at Portland Harboi, Maine
tead tw ce and committed to a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union
Mr CUSHMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the rehei of Nathan Smith and
others   read tn ice and committed
Mr CUSHMAN, from the sime committee, a'so
reported a bill for the lelief of the owners of the
schooner Three Biotheis read twice an! com-
mitted
Mr. CUSHMAN, from the same commtttoe, rc-
p irted a bill for the relief of Moses Merrill read
twice and committed
Mi CUSHMAN, from the sama committee,
aKo reported a bill for ihe relief of Joseph D
Shield'   read twice and committed
Mr   CUSHMAN,  irom   the  sime committee,
also reported a bill foi the relief of Nathan  Levy
read twice, and committed
Mr DEGR YFF, from the vame committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Ferdinand Clark
lead twice, and committee
Mr PHILLIPS, from the same committee, le-
ported a bill for the relief of Thomas Cushins
read twice, and committed
Mr HUNTER of Oh o, iron the same, commit-
tee, repi rtcd a b 11 for the relief oí John A Peter-
son   read twice ind committed
Mr C1SEY, ¡torn the Committee on the Public
Land-, reported a bill providing for the establish-
ment of a suri ej or generals office in the State of
Illinois   read twice, and committed
Mr CHAPMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported the following bills, which were read the first
and second time, and referred to the Coram ttee of
the Whole House, and made the order of the day
for to-morrott
1    A bill for the relief of Isaac and Wm Wi'-
kmson
2    A bill for the relief of Elisha Nowland, Wm.
N Kennedy, Robert J Kennedy, and Mason E.
Lewis
3    A bill for the relief of Wn  Walker.
í   A bill for the relief of Abraham Woodall.
5     A bill for the relief of Joel Chandler.
6    A bill for the relief of John A Williams
7    A bill for the relief of John Hollinsworth.
8    A bill for the relief of William James Aarons
Mr YELL, from the same committee, reported,
1    A bill to establish an additional land district
m the State of Arkansas, and
2   A bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Ar-
kansas, who lost their ímprovements'in consequence
of a ueaty between the United States and the
Choctaw Indians  read twice and committed
On mo ion of Mr YELL, a memonal from the
Legislature ot Arkansas, prajing a survey to re-
claim the inundated land on the Mississippi and
Arkansas rivers, was taken from the files, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr SHIELDS, fiom the same committee, re-
ported—
1     A bill to duthoaze the I egislature of the State
of Tennessee to sell the lands heretofore appro-
priated for the use of schools in (hat State, and,
2    A bill to amend the act entitled ' An act to
authoi izl the S ate of Tennessee to isoue grants and
perfect titles to ceitam lands therein described
within said State "
Both bills read twice and committed
Mr MONTGOMERY, from the Commit ee on
the Post OJice and Post Road-,, reported a bill for the
lehcf of Pdtiick G een   íeal twice and commuted
Mr   TALIAFERRO, from  the  Committee  on
Revolutionary Claims, reported the following bills-
1    Bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr Phillip
Turner, deceased.
2    Bnl for the relief of Nathaniel Adams and
others
3    Bill for the relief of the administrators of
Wharton duailes, deceased
4    Bill for the relief of the administrators of
William T Smith, deceased.
All the above were ie, d tw ce, and committed.
Mr MUHLENBERG, f.oro the sime Commit-
tee, repoited the fol'owing bills
1    For the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant Col.
Richard Campbell
2    For the relief oi the heirs of Lieutenant James
Conway
3    Of the heirs of Wadleigh Noyes
4    Foi the relief of Hannah Richardson
5    Of the heirs of Major Peter Helphenstein.
6    Of Elizabeth Hunt, and the heirs of Captain
William Hendncks
7    Of the legal representatives of Captain John
Winston
8    Of John Clark
9    Of L eutenant John McDowell
30 Of the legal representatives of Col. Gtorge
Gibson.
11 Of tl <■ legal representatives of William
Hookei Smith
12. Of the legal representatives of Capt Charles
Snead
13    Of the heirs at law of Joseph Fanning
14    Of the children and heirs at law of John
Chilton
15    Of the children and hens of Lieut Col Hen-
ij Iiwin
All the foregoing were read twice, and referred
to a Committee of the whole House
Mr CRAIG,from the same committee, reported
the following, viz
1   Bill for the relief of Crawfoid Johnson
2   Bill for the relief of William B Bunting
3   Bill foi the relief of the legal representatives
of Timothy Feeling.
The above were severally read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. PARMENTER, from the same committee
