50
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them was but a transcript of what had passed the
Senate at the extra session.
M r. CLAY urged the commitment of the bill, and
spoke oí' it as a picayune business of which the
Cornmtttee on finance ought to be ashamed—that
it w,>s calculated to do no good, but, was m fact a
bili ot pains, aiid penalties against the poúr people,
ii«: n<_'(;roes and beggar girls of t' '   '             "
irantlrsed district.
Mr  BROWN opposed the
and defended the Committee
wanton aspersions thrown
time the great Democratic p¡
set of Loco Foco sans culottes'
haughty aristocrats, seeking
die poor and wretched.   He !
opposition to reconcile these in
Mi. YOUNG said the veiy
pathv indulged in by the Senators*
and South Carolina, in relation to this "pobT^de-
vottd, neglected, disfranchised District," reminded
him of an old anecdoie of a member ef the Illinois
Legislature. The member in question, to increase
his popularity, had introduced a bill to provide for
the marriage of the poor of his county, without
any expense. He had no idea that the loves of
trie young and joyous should be impeded by any
tariff on marriage, and he would oblige the e'erk
of the court to grant certificates without fee, and
intimated that he had made arrangements with a
philanthropic clergyman to the same effect. Well,
the result of all this was that the member who was
so desirous of removing what he considered an
onerous burden, was well nigh frowned down by
the very people he was so anxious to serve, and
their remonstrances \ery soon obliged him to m?ke
an actit e retrograde movement to retain his seat.
Might not the feeling of the people of this District
he something of a similar character, and might
they thank them for the sympathy evinced in endea-
voring to fasten upon them this odious and disgrace-
ful system of currency.
Mr. ROANE, as Chairman of the Committee on
the District, opposed the reference. "Whilst the
matter was undei debate at the last session, not a
single citizen of the District had ever made a com-
municauon to him on the subject.
Mr. HUBBARD also opposed the reference, and
desired the yeas and nays. This being gianted the
question stood for commitment 5, against it 30 as
lollow-:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Davis, Knight, Morns, Prentiss, Preiton, Robbms,
and Speace—9.
NAYS—"'.! ssrs. Allen, Benton. Brown, Bucba-
1 an. Clay ot Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy,
Hubbard, King oí Alabama, Lumpkin, L nn, Mo-
llean, Nicholas, afiles, INorvcll, Pierc , Rives,
iíoane, Ito nison, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Strange, Tipton, "Walker, Wed, White,
.Vdliaw>, Wright, and Young—30.
1 he question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, which was adopted
by a vote of 21 to 16, as follows:
YEAS—Mes-rs. Buchanan, Clayton, Cuthbeit,
Fmten, King, Knigh*, McKean, Moir.s, Nichol .s,
Voivell, Prentiss, Pieston, Rives, Roare, Rusreks,
Srnth, of Indiana, Strange, Swift, Tipton, Wall,
,iil Williams.—21.
\ iYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton,Blown, Clay, of
"UtDani, Grand/, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Linn,
' lie-., fieice, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Will ei, White, Wright, and Young—16.
A motion was then made to adjourn, on which
Mr WRIGHT asked the yeas and nays, when
t'.e motion ^as withdrawn.
The bill having been reported as amended, on
t e que tion to mgioss for a third reading,
Mr. WRIGHT asked for the yeas and nays, and
the resrdt was, yeas, 31; nays, none.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Pulton, Giundy,
Hubbard, King, Lumpkin, Linn, McKean, Nicho
las, Ndes, Norvell, Pierce, %ves, Roane, Robm-
s 11, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of In-
dtina, Strange, Tipton, Walker, Wall, White,
Williams, Wright, and Young—31.
NAYS—None.
The bill as amended reads as follows :
A BILL to restrain the circulation of small notes,
as a currency, m the District of Columbia, and
for other puiposes.
Be %t enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of llit United Stales%f Jlmerica in Congress as-
sembled, That, atter the tenth day of April next, it
shall be unlawful ior any individual, company, or
corporation, toissue, pass, orto offer to pass, within
the Bi^rtct of Columbia, any note, check, draft,
nk bil1, or any other paper currency, of a less
ommation tlun five dollars; and if any peí >on
rporation shall violate the provisions of this
n, the person so offending, or, m case of any
U*.utH^ration so offending, the officers of any suca
" *~"íoration for the time being, shall ne liable to la-
ment by the grand jury of the county v.'ithm the
'strict where the offence shall have been 00m-
itted; and the person so offending, or the officers
of thecoiporation so offending, shall, on conviction
thereof, be <ined m a sum not exceeding fifty dol-
lars, at the discretion of the court, for every of-
fence: one-half of said fine shall be paid to the
prosecutor, the other half shall be for the use of the
county where th  offence shall have been commit-
ted: Provided, That should the prosecutor offer
himself, or be admitted, as a witness for the prose-
cution, he shall forfeit all claim to any -part of the
penalty, and the whole shall go to the cointi-,
and the court shall give judgment accordingly; aid
the person so offending, and the officers of any
cciporition, shall also be hable to pay the amount
of any note, bid, check, draft, or other paper,
constitntmc part of such currency, to any holder
thereof, with all costs incident to the protest and
legal collection thereof, v/ith fifty per cent. damag~s
frr non-payment on demand, to be recovered by
action of debt; and m case of judgment for the
plaintiff, execution thereon shall be had forthwi h;
and it shall be the duty of the distiict attorney of
the District of Columbia to commence prose-
cutions against all poisons and every copora-
tion offending against this section, of which he
¡«hall have knowledge or probable information ;
and, in case of corporations, the prosecution shall
be against the president, or any director or cashier
thereof, for the time being; and it shall be the duty
of the grand jurors to present all such offences of
which they shall have knowledge orprobableinfor-
mation; and, that no member of a grand jury shall
be isnorant of his duty in this particular, it shall
b( the duty of the court having cognizance of ad
offences against this section 'o give the same in
charge to the grand jnrie% at the commencement
of the first term after the passage of this act.
Sec. -2 Jlnd be it further enacted. That from
and afterlhe p?ssigeof this act, it shall be unlawful
for anv individual, company or corporate n, to
issue, de novo, or knowingly to pass, or procure o
be issued, parsed, or circuVted, vtithin the disir.et
aforesa'd, :mv note, click, bank b.i], or other paper
medium, evidently intended fir common cncuk-
fion, as ior, and in lieu of small change m gold cr
silvei, or for any othei pietence -whatever, and
which shal' be issued and circulated for the first
time alter the p-nod above limi'od m this section,
unc er the penalties piovitled 1.1 the foregoing sec-
tun
Toe Senate then ro ournpd.
IX ^NATKl
Ti^smi, T^cembcr 96,1^37.
Mr MeKEA3." pr s=ntei£ the memo, il of sun-
dry citizens of Philadelphia, ioi a 1 appropriate.n
for 1 dry dock at the nav, vau¡ ?t that city:
refpnel. Also, the memorial of tne Phfadelsh a
Chambei of Commerce for a new cimom-l oiise m
Philadelphia: referred. A'so, the petition of 143
citizens of Chester county, Pa. aga nst the annexa-
tion of Texis. laid on t'^s table. A'so, the pet.tton
of Daniel Sheirod ofVneima, lor compensation
for work done on the Cumberland road . reteirtd.
Mr. SWIFT gave notice, tnat at 'he suggestion
of many Senators nowabsen', he would postpone
the presentation of the Vermont Lecislatas resolu-
tions to some catly day \Vnea the Senate v.\ s
full.
Mr. GRUNDY piesented the petition of the
trustees of the Kentucky Baptist Education Society
of Georgetown, college, for a grant of lítnd: re~
ferred.
Mr. WALL rose and offered the memorial and
resolutions of the Legislature of New Jersey;
moving, at tne same time, that the documents be
laid on ihe table and printed.
Mi. CLAY of Kentucky thought it expedient
that the Senate should know the subject of ,the
documentb before taking action thereon.
Mr. WALL beLeved it was the creed of a class
relative to matters therein contained.
Mr. CLAY moved xhe reading • adopted.
The Secretary then read the memorial and re-
solutions: laid 01 the table, and ordered to be
printed.
[Th< memonal re V? ted principally to the con-
stitutional right of Cong-ess to piovide for the safe
keeping of public mr-pvs, ms'efd of this duty be-
ing deV-gated to í ,e Exesntve; also deprecating
die Expnngmg resolution pa^ed by the Senate m
1836, and d" louncjig the Specie circular as not
justified by l?w.]
A m^agf was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, announcing the passag  of sundry
pi;vate bills; y.'hich¡ in the course of tne proceed-
ings, w^re severally read twice, and appiopnately
re'erred
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a petition of
snndiy cvti7 ns of Ind.ara. p1 ay Jig alteration of
certain post routes r referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented 3 petition of sun-
dry citizens of Pennsylvania, piavmg for the elec-
tion of a dry dock at the navy yard at Philadelphia!
retened to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WILLIAMS prcemed a memorial of the
Farmers' Bani of Alexandria, waving an esten-
s'on of charter: jeferred to the Comtn.ttee en the
Dis'nct ofCobtm^ a.
Mr. KCÍBBARD presented a pention from sun-
dry citizens oí florida, prai 1 ng ip.nuneration for
losses sustained by the Seminole w ar: referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON", from the Committee on Claims,
repotted a bill for the relief of Thomas L. Win-
thiop and others, constituting the New Ecgland
Mrss'ssippi Land Company: read, and ordered to
be printed.
M . HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a resolution discharging that committee
from t. e petitions 01 James Irvm and Richard T.
Bank, and a reference of the Sitme to the Cotnmit-
tes on Indian Affairs . adopted.
Also, reported a bill for the relief of John Kurtz,
os ner of ship Alleghany rea J, and ordered to a
second reading.
A 1 -esSdge iras received f"o n the President, in
obeih"uce to a re ol'itiOii of the Z nato of the 16th
of October 'dat, cali.rg .or ti c correspondence
between the Gov-ernmeat of tV L'ntei States and
a*H" toicign pon ei, n r^la^on * 1 the occupancy of
t'u terr í n of t • T_ iitcd Svtes w"n of the
Ro"ky Mountains a in ' oideung on the Pac fie.
The documents were hid on the tabic, and or-
dered to b  printed.
On mo'ion of Mr. PaSSTON", t1 3 papj s of
Mr. £f_b ^i "■re ien o\eJ 1 01,1 tie f !i_s, a'id re-
fe'-ed to tl e Coicnriiift on Naval aTuis.
Mr. LINN inutKiived a I i ra(i,oiiAn:r the
Pics dent of the C m'ed ¡Suites <o c.ntse the southern
bdiniar"' of t^e Teriiion of Wis? ms a to be
ascer'aii e.l and r -ir d: icJ, t^ retried 1j the
Cominntee 01 the Jm heuvy
Mr. TIPTON, .ron the fYniniUee on Cla.ms,
ñadí -in t'o.uwi' - leio-t c 11 the peMun of
Will am C. JiuSf, v,LiJ\ v,.^ ad •,, ed.
Mr. WALL, t\on th" Corp-"iitee on the Jndi-
ciarv', renoiteda bdl ioi Ihe íohpf of the heirs of
the !a*" Francs 2<ewm 11 rea \ and ordsred to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, it was
R'soheJ, That uc Committee on Private Land
Cla.ms be lnsituued to mquue into the expediency
of extenum a grant oí land 10 the heirs of Ema-
nt'el Ts, , -
On motion of Mr. RUGGLES, it was
Revoked, Tnat the Committee on Commerce in-
quire into ihe expediency of disposing of a certain
