54
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but fell through Mr. B. <was in favor' of having
these institutions retrained, limited in their opera-
tions, so as to make them a public blessing rather
than a curse. He wished them te guard in pros-
perity their discounts, so that the first touches of
advprsity would net compel them to shut their
vaults upon the people, and Increase'the.public mi-
sery. Mr. B. avowed himself not entirety a hard
money men—that is, he Vas not. in favor of a
purely metallic currency, but rather a mixed etlr-
lency, which should always be convertible at the
will of the holder.           •
Mr. B. said the Senator from Kentucky had as-
serted that hope was beaming, and appeared to in-
dulge the idea that the present crisis, like that of
1816,  was only  to  be relieved by this sovereign
panacea, a United States Bank.    Vv'ere he (Mr.
B.) to admit that institution had been useful in
regulating exchange, it might not be more than
simple truth; but as things at present, stood, he
would rather " we bear the ills we have, than ñy to
others which we knew not of"   Rather than have a
great institution,  with its ose hundred millions,
spreading its branches every where, concentrating
its power here and in. England, sapping liberty, and
corrupting the elective franchise, he would be wil-
ling to pay one, or even two per cent, difference on
our exchanges, a d think ourselves cheaply off at
that.   The honorable Senator from Kentucky had
indulged much sympathy for the Secretary of the
Treasury; but even  if the amendment proposed
were not adopted, he (Mr. B.) thought the Senator,
with his ingenuity and skill, could extricate the
Secretary from the difficulty here indicated.    Mr.
B. knew the Senator's kind feelings would induce
him to act as counsel on the occasion.   Mr. B.
concluded by observing that if we proscribe the cir-
culation of these small notes by the passage of this
bill, we should have sound change as a medium,
instead of the wretched and filthy rags with which
¡he 'country was now deluged.
Mr. CLAY had no personal sympathy for the
Secretary of the Treasury; for, said Mr, C. should
that functionary ever get into difficulty through
the action of this law, I would,,so help me God,
he the last man te help him out.    1 would never
risk my reputation in so hazardous an adventure.
He had made frequent allusion to the Finance
Committee.   The whole result of their, labor in
'.his matter had been like a mountain in labor, and
liad brought forth a mouse.   He wondered the
more at the result, as the honorable Senator, at the
head of the committee, was proverbial for his abun-
dant lore and love of research; that he, whose lolty
demeanor and statesmanlike bearing, should come
hi re and recommend this as a healing measure,
was to him remarkable.   The gentleman and his
colleagues had, since the commencement, strained
every nerv, and had prsduced this six-p^nny bill
to put down shin-plasters.   The gentleman from
Pennsylvania (Mr. Buchanan)  deserved in turn
Jvs thanks for his noble concession; that he was no
hard money man, but yet he expressed his fears of
applying as a remedy for small money, and oar
present derangements, aUnited States Bank. Rather
let bun fear, for our present, our Sub-Treasury
scheme, in the hands of one man, the President.
Ye,-,, the whole currency of the country subject to
the arbitrary will of one individual.    He (Mr. C.)
contended that the calamities of a war, in the most
horrid extreme, were less to be feared than the con-
tinuance of such a scheme.   But his opposers need
r.wi fear: he should not shock their modesty by
offering any plan for a national hank while he
continued with his hands tied as they were at pre-
sent.   This movement must now come from them
when they should see the misery and destruction of
tlt ir own course.
Mr. BUCHANAN could see no geod ground for
the honorableTSenator's (Mr. Clay) allusions to the
Committee. He seemed particularly horrified at
the idea of a Sub-Treasury plan, and to this he
would prefer «ven the misery and calamity of a
war in its worst features. The whole ground of
his opposition seems to he the fact that the Go-
vernment can disburse its claims v.'ithouf recourse
loth" bank. He had likened the Committee *o a
iiiivintain and the bill to a mouse; yet he confessed
ibis was unexpected, as from the gentleman's well
known course and ¡chivalry, he would nothaje
supposed h" '.vo«:i &■> iong h:.vj fon ,it a mou-.e I
whether large or small.   Tie must aunóme; hs  ■.
course to motives of fs>y for die mouse in question,
not from fenr of anv ¿anger it might produce,          |
.Mr. PRENTISS expressed himself in favor of
the amendment.                                                   '  I
Mr. K'.LES said that if he could he surprised
at. any thing which might ooccur here, he should
have been at the extraordinary opposition which
this bill had encountered.     He had himself no
strong feeling on the subject; at the late session,
after the sections were stricken from the bill which
related to the banks of the District, he cared little
what became of it, and took no further part in the
matter.   But at that time, after those sections were
stricken out, all opposition to the measure ap-
peared  to be given up, and it passed  without
scarcely a dissenting voice.    Then there appear-
ed to he no one who was prepared to resist a measure
having no other operation than to discountenance
and drive out of circulation the small notes issued
by any body and every body, and which all ap-
peared to regard as a common nuisance.   But, sir,
■we now witness a very different state of things.
This measure, which v e are motie breath told is a
picayune bill, too small and trifling a matter to be
brought before the Senate, and the committee are
severely reproached for reporting it: in the next,
it is treated as a measure of the utmost importance,
and it is assailed in the most vehement manner,
and by bursts of indignant passion, fierce denunci-
ation and violence, not surpassed since the memo-
rable panic session of 1834.
Sir, whence proceeds this violent opposition to a
measure declared to be of so little importance?
Does it come from ,a solicitude and regard for the
people of the District? Not so, for we hear nothing
from them; they have not moved or taken any in-
terest in the matter. The bill having passed the
Senate at the late session, they had reason to sup-
pose that it would be intorduced again at the regu-
lar session, and have had ample time and oppor-
tunity to oppose it. Where are the petitions, the
remonstrances from the people of the District
against it? He had heard of none: the gentleman
have referred' to none: there is then no opposition
from the District.
Sir, the opposition  to this little picayune bill,
comes from a higher source; it   comes  from the
same quarter, and from the same considerations,
whence have proceeded the opposition to every other
measure,, whatever   might   be its object, in rela-
tion to the currency: it comes from the advocates
of a national bank; from those who seem deter-
mined that the monetary affairs of the country
shall remain m confusion and disorder, until they
can he regulated in their way, and by their favorite
measure.   Sir, we have, fortunately, a key which
opens this whole matter; which removes all doubt,
if any could otherwise exist.   -The country has
been explicitly and frankly told, by the very organ
of the bank and the bank party, that that measure
is not ts be carried by discussion; that the time for
argument had gone past; that it was only by the
sufferings of the people that they could ever be in-
duced to give their sanction to a national bank.
The currency is not to be restored; the panic and
distress, if possible, are to be prolonged, and the
disquietude in the public mmd is to be continued.
The people are to be made to feel the importance of
a national bank; they are to be forced into that
measure by their " sufferings."   Hence the oppo-
sition to this bill, intended to improve the currency
of the District.
But ths honorable Senator from Kentucky, (Mr.
Clay,) says this is beginning at the wrong end;
and he calls on the majority to come forward with
their comprehensive measures, adapted to the con-
dition of the country, and calculated to restore the
currency fiom the confusion and disorder into
which it has been thrown by the Administration.
But he (Mr. N.) believed it would be difficult for
the committee to find the right end at which to com-
mence their measures, or the right measures to in-
troduce, so far as the Senator was concerned, un-
less they ware prepared to recommend a National
Bank. The gentleman calls on the committee fnr
some general measure for relieving the disorders m
the currency of the whole country; but how does
n" -eat - e :-.';3s.uros of that description which wer«
•,,,.-• rise t, r.nd some of them adoprted, at the'late
ses-iO:/?
V/e have just heard his opinion of one of those
measures—th-it of authorizing the issue of Trea-
sury rtotss.   He has treated these Botes, resting on
the" i'asth and credit of the United States, as beiag
more worthless than that currency which this bill,
is designed to suppress, and which is so vicious and
■polluted that the Senator would not make use of the
term by which it is usually designated.   The Trea-
sury notes, he says, are depreciated below the shin-
plasters of this District    Such is the estimation in
which the gentleman holds one of the measures
adopted for the relief of the country.   But how are
the facts'*   Is it not known to every body, that
these Treasury notes are at a premium as com-
pared with bank notes, and, in some parts of the
Union, at a considerable premium?   These notes-
circulate through the country, and, in that respect,
have an advantage over the best bank paper iu the *
country; and yet they are denounced as worthless,
worse than the miserable spurious currency- of the
District.    Is it not apparent that no other thaa the
Senator's favorite currency will answer?   Every
thing else is worthless.
And what does the Senator say of another mea-
sure, which received the sanction uf the Senate at
the late session?   I refer to the bill providing for
the keeping and disbursement of the public reve-
nues.    In his remarks upon this bill, when on its
second reading, he denounced that bill, no way
connected with the subject under  deoate, as an
"execrable measure."   Mr. N. said he heard the
remark at the time with astonishment and with
some emotion, and expected that it would have
been replied to and repelled on the spot.    He had
forborne to notice it, thinking that older and more
experienced members of the body would not suffer
it to pass. But as it had not been noticed, he would
now repel the opprobious denunciation, and throw
it back from whence it came.    Is it so, that a mea-
sure which has received the sanction of one co-or-
dinate branch of this Government, and, after full
debate, has passed oae branch of the Legislature,
is to be denounced as an " execrable measure," as
an accursed measure—for that is the meaning of
the language—is to be   anathematized, and at-
tempted to  be held up to public scorn?   And on
what ground does the honorable Senator thus cha-
racterize this measure?    He did not condescend to
' inform us.   Would he have the public believe that
this measure violates the Constitution, or that it
was a blow aimed at the liberties of the country?
In all the anathemas which   have been hurled
against it, he had not heard it charged as a viola-
tion of the Constitution.
Is the measure denounced on the ground that it
has been repudiated by public opinion? Sir, that
remains *to be determined, the question is still
pending; it is now before the great tribunal of
public opinion, and the verdict of the people has
not yet been rendered. The gentleman may sup-
pose that public sentiment is against it; but others
think very differently; the question has been but a
few months before the country; there has hardly
been time for it to be fully discussed and examined:
for his own part, he was fully satisfied, that time
and opportunity for a full examination of its me-
rits were all that was wanted to command the
approbation and approval of a decided majority
of the people of the United States. He sincerely
believed that measure was destined, not only to be
approved, but to become pre-eminently popular
with the people of this country.
But, said Mr. N. suppose the fact was so, that
a majority of the people had disapproved of this
measure, would that justify its being denounced as
execrable? Will the Senator rest his anathemas
on that ground? He thought that would be a dan-
gerous position for the Senator to take. He had
himself been the author of too many favorite
schemes, propcts, and hobbies, most of which had
received their quietus from public opinion. Where
is the Senator's American system, which, for a
time, was she idol that received bi' homage and
that of \\U parly? Wher« arc hi/ high ta*iiTs, in 
ttroal improvro-ais'i   Where  his land bill, and
