í^™^^^^r=r.±==r=r^±!---!—————
riaaieroQs schemes for" distributing " surpluses'?'
Have not ail these measures received the, stamp
"of public Condemnation? Yet, much.ashe, Mr. N.
disapproved of most'of those measures, he should
not .think of .¡characterizing them as "execrable."
And how stands the case as to the Senator's favo-
rite measure—a National Bank, which he and his
friends' are attempting to force upon the country,
through the sufferings of the'peopíe? Has not
'that'also received the reprobation of public opinion, •
"and that moie than once1! What other measure
' has .ever been so distinctly hrdugbt before the pub-
lic, und an issue so directly formed, as that of a
National Bank? More than once' has the question
of hank or no -bank been before the country,
and decided by the people.. Bat are'its advocates
satisfied? Far from it. And if there ever was a
question upon which adverntitious circumstances
and sinster influences were brought to operate,
it "was this question. This' institution, with
its thirty-five 'millions of capital, did not
lie still and quietly wait ,the decision of the"
question. >' Instead of this, it openly .took the
field, and fbr'adight all its immense power and
influence", to bear on public, opinion. Whilst
it. poured out its, money free  as water'to hire
•   ■writer's and .orators, ¡(applied the ácrews itself,and ■
appealed to' the "sufferings" 'of the people. • An
immense influence was thrown into its,scale from
the interest of its stockholders, customers, and debt-
ors, with their thousand ramifications throughout
the country. It appeared from the examination of
the committee of Congress, that no less than ninety-
four thousand dollars were expended during this
bank war for publishing the speeches of the hono-,
rabie Senator and his friends,, and. other matter de-
signed to sustain the bank. Yet with all this sinis-
ter influence bearing on the question, the integrity
and patriotism of the people . prevailed, and the
bank was condemned.
Sir, does it become' those who are now pressing
on the country this thrice repudiated measure, to
denounce other financial measures, upon which the
nation has not yet decided, as " execrable?" Sir,
the divorce bill, as it is sometimes called, is not the
only measure which- has been denounced as exe-
crable." - What>did the Senator say in 1834 of the
pet.bank" scheme? Was'not that then denounced
as an execrable méasuie—as á measure tyrannical
: and corrupt, which gave'the President' the entire
control of the public purse, and enabled him to bay
up the State banks, and use them for purposes of
corruption and to control the elections? Then the
pet bank system  which now seems to be coming
' into favor, was execrable, abominable, corrupt, and
comprised all the evils of Pandora's «box.
* ' 'And yet the Senator asks for our measures for
restoring the.currency. There is but one measure
that will answer" for him; all others, no matter
■ what they are, are "execrable," and that one measure
is to be forced upon the country by prolonging the
disorders' of the currency, and by the sufferings  of
•thecountry.    The independent spirit, .the honest
' patriotism, the incorruptible integrity of the people,
are to'b'e humbled and subdued, and all are to be
' conipelle'd, to pay their homage to the great Bank
Idol, the paper money Juggernaut, which can boast
of more' victims, and of more illustrious victims,
crushed leneath itá bloodstained car, than the grim
.Molifch of India.. "
. 'Mr. SWIFT .'expressed his entire indifference
•     as to the passage'of the bill.   It v ould prove use-
' less legislation at best, as laws to the same effect
had been passed in other quarters, and were never
in one instance observed. The people'would in
any instance consult iheir own convenience as far
as possible in the matter of the small change in
use as a currency.
Mr. WRÍG-HT had no chofer, personally,
whether the bill with or .without the amendment
should be adopted or rejected. He rezr.-t.ed
making a single remark at' this ti.-n.-, but :-r.t him-
self called upon 10 do so from the i.-e.f ?r'. ?.l!n-
" stons which had been rnr.'e to r,.i-.--'-!>' -m •.!■?
Committee on Fiaance,o'' v.1 ich he ,«-> -: sa. -v..
The.bill had met with s\,. a' opr-o^f-w. fr<-... i.s
first introduction, and, ¡i> evner; ^n, i.i> ¡i.-.-t i.-cr
. ^been ¡exempted from, blame.    He had;done but
what 'hé'óónsídered'a'duty, in compliance with a
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
resolution of the Senate inquiring of that commit-,
miitee the expediency of a bill to the cSect the one
in question was calculated to produce.
A bill of a character precisely similar, and in
nearly the .same words, had passed the Senate the
last session, and as that proceeding had expressed
the sense of the .Senate on the subject,, he had ex-
pected no oppositioa at present.
The Senator from Kentucky (Mr. Clay) had ob-
jected tpreportingthe bill when so many of the
members of the committee were absent. Five of
the members were in two at the time, and why
they were not present with the committee he could
- not tell, nor was it his duty to inquire. When the
bill was reported last session the great leader (Mr.
Webster) of the interests the honorable Senator
(Mr. Clay) so ably advocated, was a member of
the committee, and the provisions thereof met at
the time his full concurrence. This distinguished
member was now absent—why, he knew not.
He asked to be remembered in justice on
' either hand. If the committee in its present
state could not act upon bills ot higher im-
portance, nor on those of a nature to the one in
question, how were they to proceed in performance
of their duty to the Senaté-or the nation? That it
deserved the -epithet of a picayune bill, was not
hjs fault: it was just what the committee instructed
him to, report. Of little note as it might be con-
sidered, it had proved itsejf of sufficient impor-
tance to draw forth the highest indignation fiom
sources most vitally important in his estimation.
There was another point of view. The commit-
tee had, in the course of debate, been told they
ought to be ashamed of themselves for reporting
such a bill. Himself, a leading member of the
committee, had felt severely castigated by the re-
mark, coming as it did from so distinguished a
source; yet was he confident of exemption from
censure by the Senate. He considered that the
honorable Senator (Mr. Clay) had but ill estimated
his position, or the ground he had taken, m apply-
ing censure to the committee for the mailer in
which the bill had been reported. For himself he
had a higher aim in view, which was the conscien-
tious discharge of his duty.
Mr. CLAY denied having censured the commit-
tee for reporting the bill at the early day they did,
or when they were not all in session.    He never
.doubted or questioned' the power  of  the   com-
mittee to report at an   earlier  or   later   period.
He- had  merely inquired if the bill   was   first
reported by unanimous ceorfsent of .the committee.
Nor would he    object to the provisions of the
bill as now amended, were it not from its motive
calculated, or by the committee intended, to extend
its influence  beyond  the confines of the District.
His objection^was, and had been, that-it was a local
measure brought forward, tending to produce a
general effect with regard to the epithets-he had be-
stowed upon the hill.    He contended  that it was
in accordance with parlimentary usuage, when a
bill was under discussion, to make use of any lan-
guage best expressive of the Speaker's views.    He
bad said, and still contended, that the features of
the bill as first presented, were  abominabh; and
it was to the clauses therein contained, which re-
ferred to the summary disposal of offenders, and the
oaths prescribed, that he alluded when he remarked
"the committee ought to be ashamed for present-
ing them;" as the bill was-, now no longer  the
same, it no lunger called for his reprehension.   He
had hoped as the Senator from New York (Mr.
Wright) had suffered these reflections to rest for a
week without notice, that he (Mr. C.I should have
been spared this ecclaircissemcnt at so inte an hour.
Mr. WRIGHT replied that tne honorable Sena-
i   t."-r (Mr. Clay) must be mistaken, if he for a mo- j
}  .tnent supposed that he (Mr. W.) complained of ¡
11. any personalice-.; yet, pns; rising his  (Air, C's) J¡
¡j cluvjlrtms tewpenment, he  couil   nev-r  have !
'   exec'-sec^  him to   ^emaia sOeul   tmder  remarks j
>'■ r.-hi-'h,  \" pot Tv>i-f.-.-n?I, vr?re, to say   fne least, j
'-01;'..'.".-.    As regard".!  t! e !,m.t&¡  <v general ¡
I. fi'i't :k if .'> • bi:', he h-\6 n—." r-> a; ■> !: a 'h'-mrul; ¡
;' tot .t"? íCu'A y e r.oihh;;; ■:'j_.jc¡io-:t.>V.!e ir. ib (pa- !
j   ture■>•!;' i1 Miv-ld pirre <¡o Rrueial ia its applicr tion
j   a> to drive this depreciated small money out of the
country.                       •
53
Mr. CLAY inquired if the Senator from New York
supposed the effect of the bill would be to produce
specie payments throughout the country. V so, he
would give it his hearty concurrence. It was
inefficient, both in a local and general view; yet
he should be quite happy if it should prove potent
enough to produce the effect just alluded to. But
as the bill was now so far stripped of its odious
features, and likely in its present form to be so
harmless in its direct effect, he would, to gratify
his friend from New York, acquiesce in its final
passage, and give it the support of his vote.
Mr. PRESTON had no objection to the bill, as
amended, and should give it his support.
Mr.NILES, said the Senator was greatly mista-
ken if he supposed that he, Mr. N. had excepted to
his remark, denouncing the measure referred to as
execrable solely or mainly on account of its having
been recommended by the President: it was more on
account of its having received the sanction of a
majority of this body, after a very long.debate, dis-
tinguished by unusual ability. It was because
the measure was still pending before the country,
and had met the approbation of a large portion of
the people, whether a majority or not no one could
say, and had been approved almost unanimously
by one of the sovereign States of this Union. To
denounce a measure as execrable to which a ma-
jority of the Senate have given their support, he
considered as disrespectful and highly offensive to
the body, or to the majority. The Senator thinks
differently, and regards such language as within the
proper license of parlimentary debate, and he has
again repeated the same denunciation. Mr. N.
said he should join no issue with the.gentleman
on that point; he raised no question of order;
if it was a right of the Senator to denounce and
execrate measures which he had supported, he could
only say, that he should claim, and fearlessly f x-
ercise the right, which belonged to him, of repelling
such denunciation, such unfounded imputations,
with the contempt and indignation they deserved.
He was for always balancing accounts on the spot.
He should not dispute the gentleman's right to deal
out his anathemas, but he would say that such lan-
guage was unworthy of him, and unworthy oí the
place.
. It might be more convenient to denounce measure.--,
and to endeavor to fix upon them a bad name, than
to refute the arguments by which they were support-
ed. He should prefer, however, to have the Senator
attempt -to answer the arguments of the friends of
this reprobated measure ; he should like to see him
refute, if he can, the triumphant argument of his
friend from Pennsylvania, (Mr. Buchanan,) to
say nothing of those from many other gentlemen.
When he has done this, when he has fairlv met
and overthrown the arguments of the friends of
the measure, his denunciations might not appear
quite so objectionable. The Senator complains
that this matter had been suffered to rest three or
four days, and after this lapse of time, and after
the Sabbath had intervened, it was brought
forward as a subject of reproof, and that he
(Mr. N.) had read a lecture to him. Mr. N.
said he had already explained why he dui rot
-notice the matter at the time ; he had waited
for' some more experienced and able member
to do so; but as it had not been done, he had avail.-d
himself of the first opportunity. As to the Sabbath
having intervened, he regarded that as a fortunase
circumstance, as he presumed the gentleman had
employed that holy day in sober, serious, if not
religious, meditations; and he was happy t  per-
ceive that there was evidence that such had hi'cn
the case. The storm of Friday hr-.s «' l recurred
to-day; the Senator appears wore calm ami com-
posed, and with Fiibdu,.d «"motions; for which v/c
are no' doubt indebted to his seiioos reflections
during the Sabtalh.
But (said Mr. N.) Í have read no lecture to the
Senator. I never have, and never shall, ¡ea<i he-
lores to any Senator, and, last of all. u; thíi ... -.,-
"tlfnvn. There are two sufficient le.iso ,s ,12 ,-'-M
it. The first, that it wouIoVee presumption ¡or !n:u
tc do it; and the second, he was persuaded that it
would be labor entirely lost. He should lecture
no one, he. should reproach no one, and should
endeavor to give no one occasion to lecture him,
