„...W..W ■«■••*«"■......... '"     ■       ■............;.......■ -..................■.............-----,
municated to the American Executive. Bat, (he
said) he had decided objections ty the instructions
proposed by the honorable gentleman from. Massa-
cftasetis, (Mr. Adarhs ) T«e purpose of those in-
structions was obvious enough, but the honorable
merer, who was not in the habit of concealment,
had «átmctly told the Howe that their original
terms were intended m reference to a recení affair
betwe«athe members of another comimtte of this
Hcwse.
He objected to the proposed lastrtictions, because
they were new and -unusual. This House was
not in the habit of instructing its committees upon
any subject, unless it had determined upon some
paiticalac course of legislation For exampi",
upon, the recommitment of a bid is hich has boca
considered, the committee is sometimes instructed
to report particular provi-ions, but it is altogether
unusual to instruct upon amero matter of reference
to a committee. Rut there was another and funda-
mental objection to tfi  proposed instructions.
They conveyed an unjust imputation, not only on
the Committee of Foreign Affairs, but upon every
other cormmUee of this House He could not,
therefore, consent to frar adoption The honora-
ble :gent,leman from Rhode Island, (Mr Tilhng-
hast,} when pioposmg a modification of the instruc-
tions, by withdrawing the offensive part, insists
upon retaining so ¡mi"h as requires the committee
to report S nee I hate risen, a friend has turned
my attention to fhe «evenh-s xth rule, nhich p<e-
scribes the duties of the Committee of Foreign
Affairs By that rule, it is made the duty of the
committee to consider and report their opinion
upon all subjects touching onr foreign relations,
■which may be referred to them Why, then, the
necessity of this tautology, this work of superero-
gation, of irs'ructmg that committee to do ubat, by
the law of tins House, it is airead? the.r duty to do'
After some further remarks fiom Messrs
ADAMS, DAWtiON, and HOWARD,
Mr TILLINGHAST moved to strike out the
■word " to consider," which Mr ADAMS accepted
as am.üd'ñ«*U0T¡.
The amendment was then rejected—ajes 51,
noes 84
The craestion recurirg on the reference to the
Corr-mHtee on Pore.gn Affairs,
Mr- ÍD4MS a«am addressed the House on the
subject oí oar relations with Mexico, &c
Mr HOWiRD bneñ/replied, after which the
ques'ion was taken on his motion of reference to
the-Cfynmit'eeen Foreign affairs, but theie being
no quorum present,
Oa motion of Mr. WILLIAMS of North Caro-
lina,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
Wliwesdiy, December 27, 1837.
Private pt t itions were presented by Messi s PREN-
TISS, NICHOLAS, TIPTON, and others, and
severally appropriately referred
On notion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, th  re-
port of the- Oommi««oner of the General Land
Office was referred to the Comim'tee on Indian
Affairs                                                     ,   „ _ „
Mr. WESGtlT presented the memorial of C. C
Catrnie1', and other oUces *f the Mis ussippi L-md
Company: referred to the Committee on Indian
Ahoofthe pi'ots of New York &i "erepeil
or awendmeitof the laws of tne ! <-t ses ion, re-
lat \~ f> th appointment ot oi ots of that^c* re-
feire   to th<- Oomm tteeon Cornn rc
&5> LYCST presen*"d the memorial of V tore
MusiofMI-n, the legal representa! ve of Toseph
Muí , d c ->sed, for many ye-us a naturauzpd citi-
zen of tne United S'ates, a" id resident of Pennsyl-
vania., al«o, the memorial of Jacob Ridgwav oi the
city ot" Philadelphia, a mure citizen o* the United
State-- stating that the memorialists are the owners
of large traefs of la«dm Wisconsin Territory, in
what is commonly called fan er's Grant, and they
pray the1 Senate to receive the.r memorials as a
solemn notice of the existence and validity of said
grant to Carver, so that the rights of the memori-
alists may ii£t be prejudiced by any action of the
genateon a treaty or treaties now under considera-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion, for the purchase of some portion or all of said
tract of the Ind ans refeu d to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, who have the treatie* rcierred to
tinder consideration.
Mr. MORRIS presented «he memorial of the
Yearly Meeting of Friends resident in the eastern
section of Ohio, and the v estern section of Penn-
sjlvama, agamst the annexation of Texas ri_id,
laid on the tab'e, and ordered to be punted
Mr KING presented the memorial of ti e Presi-
dent and Directors of the Bank of Woshms'on,
praying an extension of their chuter ordere I to
be printed, and referred to the Conm tne on the
District of Columbia.
Mr FULTON pi evented a p t Uon of V7 lid
III Pnlfoid, h<nis of a Revolu'ijaarv r rT' e , fo- re-
bel   refe red to ComTu'tee oi Claims
The bil1 an hor z iig th<= S?'ic-> o tai lads
within their re pec*u e limits was then til c i up,
, and discussed to a lite tour—Mr CLiYofKtn-
tnel y opposmg ind Messrs CLAY of A'alTnt,
NORVELL, WALKER, ALLCN, BUCHA-
NAN, and others, advocating it
The vote o) the engrossment for a third reading
was taken bv yeas and najs , when thee apneared
35 for, and 4 against it, as follows
YE IS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Duchanpn, Cai-
honn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, L nn, Lyon, Lurank p,
McKean, Morris, Nicholas, Niles, Nor 'el1, Pi rce,
Prentiss, Rives, Robir^on, Rnggles, Sevier, Srn th
of Connecticut, Smith of Tniiana, Strange, Switl,
Tmton, Walkt , Whi'e, Wuhan*, Wight,
and Young— V>
NAYS—Me'sis   Bm-,   Chy   oi     ,enl Ay,
Clayton, and Southaid—4
"      On motion óf Mr SEVIER,
llesolud, That the Committe  on PubLe L mds
inqune into the expediency ot authorrtn^; the Le-
gislature of Arkansas to sell reitam lands foi the
benefit of education.
On motion ot Mr BENTON,
Resolved, That the Secretan' of the T^is rv b"
directed to mfoirn the Senit-, a, r "ii r > toe
same can be ascertained, or estimate, \vn u iin uit
ofsj>ecie has been received from the < si i i , ird
whdt from the land oinces, since th" snspen it n oi
snecté payments m May last, an' -win t ? i t m
specie has been paid smet tl a tune in p \ kn it of
debentures, and in paymentof mdetinili s under
treaties with foreign powers, with detailed state-
ments of «uch payments, and the correspondence
in relation to such payments Also, thaf lie inform
the Senate of the aggregate amount of specie which
has been paid out for all pjrpo=-eb since the sail
stoppage of specie payments in May !act, and spe-
cifying the general objects for which the payments
have been made
On motion of Mr HUBB4RD,
Besohed, That the Committee on the Judiciary
mqune into the expediency oí moreas ns; the sa'ary
of the District Judge of New Hanipoliu e
On motion of Mr TIPTON,
Resolved, Tivt the Committee on ihe Di diet of
Columbia mqune into the expedipni v of m iking
provision, at the expense of Go?eminent, for the
education o' t'ii  deaf, dumb and bund m the Dis-
tnet
On motion of Mr KING,
Revolved, That the Commit'ee on Road0 and
CanaK mauire into the e\pedienc} t' authtr/tng
the Weturepl^aRailro->dCompany to run fi Pir >oad
thiough the public lands
Mr CALHOUN then submitted t c to'inung
eso'utions
Rtro'ved, That m the ndoptioi of the Federal
Constitution, the States adoptmg the sqr« ac^d,
se\crally, as fiee, m^epeid^nf, and soic-eign
States, and that each, for i'self, by its c i vi lim-
t-<ry assen', entered the Union with the view to its
increase Í security against all dingcs, djwfstic as
\\ U as foreign, and t^e more perfect and secure
e i oymentof its adyapfages, natun!, political, and
s<.   nl
Rescued, Tf,>tui delegatm? a jnrtion cf their
powers to be exercised by the Federal Govern-
ment, the States retained, severally, the exclusive
and sole right over their own domestic institutions
and police, and are alone responsible for them, and
55
'W............——■  *■ ""■........'.....■  ■■■'........—■------<■""......■.....^h m    ;      „ ,"77^
that any intermeddling of any one or more States
or a combination of their citizers, v. ith. the domes,
tic institutions and police of Ihe others, on any
ground, or under any pretext whatever, poViea!,
moral, or religious, with the view to their altera-
tion, or subversion, is an assumption of superim t y
not warranted bv the Constitution, insulting tj the
States interfered with, tending to endanger Ihr ir
domestic peace and tranquillity, subversive of ill"
objects for which the Constitution was formed
and, by necessary conseouence, tending to t eaken
"rid destroy th  Union itself
Jlesnlved, That this Government was instituted
a^l a lopted by the several Stares of this Union as
a common agent, in. order to oarrv into effect the
power  which they fcad delegated by the Constitu-
tion tor their mutual security and prosperity, and
that, in fulfi ment of this high and sacred trust, tnis
Government is bound so to exercise its power-, as
to give, as far as may be prat ticab'e, incieas°d sta-
bility and security to the domestic mstitut ons of the
States that compose tha Union, and that it is the
solemn duty of the Government to resist ad at-
tempts by one poition of the Union to use it as an
instrument to attack the domestn institutions of
another, or to weaken or destroy such mst >ut ops>,
instead of stiengthenmg and upholding them, as it
is in duty bound to do
Rcso'ved, That domestic slavery, as it siists in.
the Southern and Western States of this Union,
composes an important part of their domestic insti-
tutions, inherited from their ancestors, and ev s'ing
at the adoption of the Constitution, by union it is
recognised as constituting an essential element in
the distribution of its powers among the States, and
that no change ot opinion, or feeling, on the part
of me othei States of the Union in relation to it,
can justify them or their citizens m open and sy -
tematic attacks 'hereon, v.ith the \ lew to its o\ ei-
throw, and that all such atUcks aie n mamfist
violation of the mutual ami solemn ple'gt to p o-
teet and t'efend each other, given by the S:a ts,
respeca\ely, on entering into the Constitution il
compact, which formed theUn on, ar 1 a^ such 1-. a
manifest .breach of faith, and a vu lat on of thi
most solemn obligations, mota! and i hgious
Resolved Thaf the ínfimeddluig of ani St<ue o
States, or their citizens to ab lish slavery m th s
Distiict, or any of the Terutoues, on he ground,
oi undar the pretext, that it is immoial or „mfui,
or the passage of any act or measure of Congress,
with mat view, would be a direct and c'ano;er-.ils
at'ack on the ins itutions ot all the slav cnolding
btates
Resolved, That the union of these State res'-, c a
an eauahty of rights and adianages amone its
members, ard that whatever destroys that eon ditv,
feuds to destroy the Union iLse'f, and fiat it is the
solemn duty of all, and more especially of this
body, whica represents the States in their coiporatc
( apacitv, to resist ill attempts to discriminate be-
tween the States in extending the benelts of tht
Goi prnment to the several port oís of the Un on,
and that to refuse to extend to the Southern and
Western States any advantage nhich would tend
to strengthen, or render them more secure, o* n
crease their limits «r population by die annexa ion
of newteintory or States on tie asstimpton oi nr-
der the pretext th*t the instituí on of sliver), as it
exist-- among them is immoral or sinful, oi other
u i e obnoxious, xvould be <_ontr<iry to hit erjU iln.)
of rights and advantages \ hieK t! t Cnnsti u ion
was intended to secure ali! e to d 1 d L nvmUiso
the Union, and would, in cfiVt, dis' rrrb) " i't
slaveholdiiig States, \utiholting ¡ v ¡, , ! , u¿
vantages, wl lie it snbier tid hem t ni, '         n   <
the Government
Mi PRESTONrimarhPd to t h s f e'   c-n
gard to the subj ct 'n  fit res i utio i     i't ni
unison with those o his colltague, ("í    i"    u j,
but from the «imp e read og, he cou I but q-ne
the stntiments the) contained m an absii itt firm
Yet he would snjjgeM the piopne v of st       '
mne action of the Senate thereon, as          s h-
tions from the State of Vermont, shortly lo b of-
fered by the Senator ftom that Slate, might lnp,<
the subject forward m a more applicable fonn, a id
anticipate the spirit and sentiments of the resolu-
tions just offered.  It had been some years since.
