58
neither by agents nor counsel; nor by any one to
represent them. On one side the proceedings were
wholly ex -parte. In no proper and ]ust sense ha J
the case been adjudicated. It was denied that the
people of Mississippi had been heard in the decision
of the House. Here was the issue. It was also
denied that the decision was made in accordance
with the Constitution and the laws of the land.
He (Mr. B.) was in favor of the gentlemen be-
ing permitted to take their seats on the floor; and
he believed such á piivilege had never been denied
on any occasion. Prom the nature of the present
case, it appeared to him (hat there was no necessi-
ty that the subject should be referred to a commit-
tee at all; bat if it appeared that the majority of the
House was in favor of such a reference, he would
not be tenacious about it.
Mr. FOSTER referred to the decision of the
House at the last session. Two questions had
then arisen: first, whether Messrs. Claiborne and
Gholson had been lsgally elected; and, secondly,
whether they had been elected for the whole
twenty-fifth Congress. Both those questions had
been adjudicated and decided by the House, after
a full and deliberate discussion. It had just been
said that the proceedings on that occasion were ex
parle Such was not the case : he denied it. The
matter had been adjudicated by the House in ac-
cordance with the provision of the Constitution
which provided that, in all cases of contested elec-
tions, not that the House might, but that it should
determine, etc
Mr. EVERETT rose to a point of order; he con-
tended that the gentleman from New York had no
right to discuss the mer.ts of the main question,
the subject before them being merely one of refer-
ence.
The SPEAKER ruled that Mr. F. was in order.
Mr. P. resumed, and continued his argument in
opposition to the claimants being permitted lo take
their seats; inasmuch as the present members
had been declared by the House to have been
elected for the whole term, and that the delegation
from Mississippi was of course full and complete.
If all four of i hem had presented themselves pre-
viously to the decision of the House, then there
could have been no objection to the proposition;
but as the decision had been made, there was not
the slightest ground for the resolution to be enter-
tained. He had no objection to their taking seats
by courtesy, but he had a decided objection to their
being allowed to participate m a debate with mem-
bers who were duly qualified in all i expects. He
begged gentlemen to consider well before they en-
tertained a proposition admitting persons who were
not members to come and give their views to the
House, and reply to those of others. He thought
the only true course was to refer the matter to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. EVERETT had no objection to the subject
being referred to the Committee of Elections, with
instructions to report thereon ; but when the merits
of the case came up before the House, he con-
sidered the petitioners ought to be permitted lo take
their seats on the floor. He was oj>posed to any
discussion on the merits of the question before such
reference.
After a few remarks from Messrs. GRAVES
and YELL,
Mr. CAMBRELENG considered the course of
the gentleman from Kentucky as entirely objec-
tionable, and sent to the Clerk to be read a resolu-
tion formerly adopted in the ease of Mr. Newland,
when that person was permitted to address the
House in support of his claims, after a report from
the committee.
Mr. LEGARE was opposed to any oour-e
which should give the claimants the privilege of a
seat on the floor. He considered it contrary to all
parliamentary usage to allow individuals to take
their seats for the purpose of discussing the mer.ts
of a contested election after the matter had been
solemnly adjudicated by the House.
Mr. BRIGGS considered the sentlemen had a
right to be heard, as had any one who hat! a. claim
to a seat on the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON made some brief remarks.
Mr. CLOWNEY said he was satisfied that the
proper course was to refer the subject to a commit-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tee, and therefore moved to lay Mr. Graves's reso-
lution on the table.
Mr. CHAMBERS asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 90, nays 87.
¡So the resoiution was laid on the table.
The question then recurring on Mr. C.'.mbre-
leng's motion to commit the subject to the Com-
mittee of Elections,
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky said he would
make a motion which would bring the House to a
direct vote on die question, and dispose of it at
once lie, fnerelore, moved a resolution that
Messrs. Prentiss and "Word were duly eleated
members of the 25th Congreás from the State of
Mississippi.
The CHAIR decided that the motion of that
time was not in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved to commit the
subject to a Committee of  the Whole on the  stale   ¡
of the Union, which motion taking precedence,
Mr. EVERETT moved to instruct the commit-
tee to report to the House on all the facts of the
case.
Mr. BOON remarking that such a motion was
entirely without precedent, in all former cases of
this kind, from the origin of the Government to
the present time, moved to lay it on the table.
Th« CHAIR reminded the gentleman that his
motion would cohere to the- whole subject, and
thereby lay the whole on the table; whereupon,
Mr. BOON withdrew his motion.
Mr. YELL then suggested to Mr. UNDEnwoon
that he had better not press his motion, unless
he made the subject the special order for to-
moirow ; inasmuch, in Commitee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, it might not be reached
for a momh or more to come.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, agreeably to Mr. Bell's
suggestion, withdrew Ins motion ; and the question
again recurrimj on referring the subject to the
Committee of Elections,
Mr. EVERETT renewed his instructions to that
committee, which were agreed to ; and the motion
of reference being also agreed to, as amfnded, the
subject was refVircd to the Committee of Election*.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy, -n-
closing his opinion, called for by there--ohition of the
House, as to the expediency of establishing a navy
yard for sloops of war at Charleston, Sou'h C?rc-
lina, which was referred to the Comrnittoe en Na- I
val Affairs.                                                                 j
On motion,
Tho House adjourcd.                                            >'
IN SENATE,
Thüumuy, December 28, I £37.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of sundry inhabitants of the northwestern section
of Ohio, praying for the sale of certain alternate
sections of public lands, and that the proceeds,
over and above the Government price, may be de-
voted to the purposes of internal improvement in I
that State.                                                                  |
Mr. NILES introduced a bill providing for Hie   I
erection of a monument to the memory of Captain   j
Nathan Hale : read, and referred to ¡he Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. TIPTON introduced a bill for the relief of
Michael Cassady : read, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS introduced a bill to provide for l':o   I
final settlement ol the  claims of State;  upon the   ¡
United States, for nverest on payments or advances
made during the war : lead, and referred.
Mi. BUCHANAN presented the petition of the I
Union Bank of Georgetown, to be reimburse'; for ¡
money lost at the Baltimore post cilice. through
the admission of an improper per*" i hv i'v -ios'- '
master: referred to ¡he Committee rei i ,e I'"st Of- I
fice and Post Roads.                                                  ¡I
SUr. LYON r.!io<bicou ,i bill (.);■ :">o ]<-<,^> nf fie  '
l.ms of John r"ampeo!l:  ,r.'_.|,  and refer: \i to the
Cosormtiee on Prive/e Claims.
Mr KING presented the m-reo. '.>', of .- uadiv
citizens nf Alabama, p.a^ :ng aln-iatjon o! a trril
route: referred to the Committee or. ihe poit Ofike
and Po-,t Rom's.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLAS, it was
'-vlf
Mesolved, That the Committee on Public Lárids
inquire into the expediency of confirming by la 
the surveys in the southeastern district of Louisi-
ana.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
Itesolved, That the Committee on Roads and-Ca-
nals inquire the expediency of making further ap-
propriation for opening Red river raft.               • •
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on KnsWde,
reported a bill for ihe relief of Wm. H. Robmsoa
and others: read, and ordered to a second reading.
The consideration of the resolutions requesting
the opinion of the Postmaster General, &c. was
resumed, and Mr. NILES offered a substitute for
that resolution, requiring the Postmaster General
to communicate to the Senate his opinion of the
propriety an*i advantages of authorizing by law the
transmission in the mail of sums (f money, not
exceeding severally a certain amount, at the risk
of the Department; the rate per centage which
ought to be charged by the Department for that
risk; and such other information on the subject
as he mijht think, and within his power.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky was desirous of know-
ing- if there was on tecord any precedent for a
requisition from the Senate upon one of ihe heads
of departments for an opinion simply upon any
subject before that body. Sir, we had frequent
examples of a call being made upon these officers
for information on subjects relative to their special
departments. He would instance the Secretary of
the Treasury, who was often required to attend in
person upon the Committee on Finance !0 give
information requisite If the Senate establish the
as a rale, requiring the simp'e opinions, it might
as well adopt the English parliamentary style, and
invite the who'e cabinet to take seats in joint com-
mittee on the floor. If the Postmaster General be
required to give his opinion, it surely was but right
that he appear in committee and defend it. He
would not object to receiving infoim ition from this
quarter, but could never consent to a consultation
of opmions. He therefv re expressed his hope that
the resolution, in its present shape, would not be
adopted.
Mr. NILES -drould have no or-jec'ien iohnodi-
fyinc.' !he resM'ttions to meet the views 0f th; Sena-
tor from Kentucky, (Me. C ) : b ". he considered
them as they st Kid. asprssent.ng precisely the same
general view. He admii'cd f.e impropriety of
asking on anv eoca-ion the cp r:en o> individuals;
but be considere'! the prefer,': in«tr.r ?? as a simp!?
leou.siuon for ii'.f'Tma'ien. Ties coerse wctild
apply vith coatí fere.11 to onlisr branch cf Con-
gress. The present he consiiered an inquiry of
nrpoj lance to the weide oeuir.ry. ¡rriiirh no; in a
shape reqni.ieg deta's on the subset. It was a
mitter cf doubt whether, if adopte", this mode of
obtaining mformatum veouId not be preferable to
that of introducing bi"-¡ on rmnv important sub-
jects. Such information wa-- more direct and ex-
plicit, and better calculated for the purposes of
legislation.
As an instance of th  advantage "filie proposed
measure, which would renuer moe-ey throughout
the country local m i¡se!f, and of eqii.il value, lie
adverted t "> the publication oí, and subscription for,
newspapers It veas for the more convenient
manner of transacting the minor descriptions of
business hp wished to effect. He would not con-
stitute the dep-irtnieut asentí for ¡he Iran-action of
business cf heavy amount. It won! 1 e buhe it with
a power he did r.o: intend or :'imk pr >per.
Mr. CLAY would not <¡-\ .• his opinion of the
utiiny of die prepn-v.' rn-si-Li _,_ I;'vas only die
manner of eiiecbng ihc oe; "?' thrti m.-t «.!'; his ob-
ject,on. He won] I vi-'" for 'he p; ipej-J mqinnif
the honorable Senator ',?>:'*. Nde^'i vn.jI:' su amend
it as to require i:.fo.T.i.,t ■ a instee- of op: -ens. If
the adoption oí the ic-ohr er.s v.o- \:~?e.\ m th-" pre-
se'-:1. ,'erm, he sh edd a-k the \ eas ami na;s, to see
hove far it w-.s ;!-,,-. yoi, ;, vf p.,, -v0 . ..-, ¡ , c'r_;i  ;i pJt;
hea.K of depuiei nis ' . a--:>- ,.i me n.-ua! ror.iire
of leejlshVio,,
Mr. GRUNDY would ep-.ose ¡he rfso niion in
any form. He veas opposed to Hie proposition
which m.Tlir ultimately result fioia tin? adoption.of
the peine pal fe.ituresj'and moreover, he had never
yet known, nor did he wish to know, of ¡he Senate
