62
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
virtue of this act, to any other laud And provided,
always, That the provisions of th>s act shall not ex-
tend to any land to which the Indian title has not
been extinguished, or to anv specially occupied or
reserved £t town lots or other purposes, by autho-
rity of the United states- And f~,twided,fwither,
That nrilniis he rem contained shall be construed
to effect a \ ot the ->e ectioi- of public Ian ^ for
the purpose of ethical on, the use oí salt spring ,
or for any otber purpos", which vas.y have been or
may be m ide by a.-iy S,at", und r ex.sting laws of
the United Suites.
The abovr bills an i i->¡o*t were commuted to
p Committee of the Whole on tie sL.'t, of die
Un 01.
Mr. CAS'iY, in m th  s< m ■ e ,m,nu e, reported
a bill for the ic1 eí Ot t^e i. s or lejal icjrcsenta-
Uves of George C Wi'lut1.
Mr. YELL, f'on the «-irpe comnn'tee, reported
a bill tor the leLei of Wi"iani  vV. SWenson,
Also, ^ bill foi thaieliLÍ rf Joan Divi'uP.
Mi. HARRISON, of M year,, i.oui 'he same
com entice, repjite1 the fo.io. jig, v,'
B 11 fir theielief of Robc-t Mm...,.
Bi'i id tne rchJ ot John Wjne and Jcfters n
Green
Bill fot ihe ie, "f oi RJmWil oi.
Billfrrtlui' i    c< rorrttian E^oi
Mt A II. Stf tM PUD, h n tue Coiri. iti-e
oí ñevo'ju n w < "• ji , reo t.ci a b 1 k r 'no
íehefoi the leal r^riP ''"' " (.'"SamUclO. P<.„-
t"s, deceased.
11 RVIUTIN, ,'i!<'C Ji, fc"or fnr.'e
Land C urns, i no, ed <, nl.t, 'he TCi •* oí Wi i
Mone .
A i  a bul foi the re íef of o cpho.i Alisiti,
Air. C 1MPPELL oí i^u'h C?ro i«p, from t.ie
Committee on luchan AfTans, icno'i i< •> bill > r
the relief of WiMis S'evf  s   nl  mot ci
Air £VERLI X', nom 11« -,i ie < n ntute, .e-
ported a bill for ihe  ='ief tf Thom-> ,P Clippie.
Mi BELL, iinm the same comimtke, itported
a bill foi the íehef of Reuben Gentrj, William
Monroe, and others
Mr MASON of Oh*, from the Committee on
Military Affan i íeported a bill tor the relief of
Jesse Cook.
Mr. M0RG4N, fiom the Coir, ~u're on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, íeported <i bill !oi me íehef of
the v idow Parker
Mr JOHNSON of Vnrm i, fiom he same
Committee, reponed, biU fei the íeucí cfYv^diam
Da\is.
Also, i hill for the ¡ehef of Wil'iam Fans.
Mr. TAYLOR of New York, from the Com-
mittee on In\ < lid Pensions, reported the following
Bill granting a pens'on to Samuel M  Edwards.
Bill granting a pension to Josiah Sti ong.
Bill granting a pension to Samuel R( m. It
Bill giantm? a pension to Samuel W. Edwards
Bill granting a pennon to Samuel H Hugo.
Bill granting apens.on to Emanuel brofe.
Bill granting a pension to Robert M'Bnde.
Bill granting a pension to Samuel J. Smith.
Ivir. MrCLELL LN ot Anv York, fiom vyr>ie
committee, reponed the following, \u
Bill tor the icliel of Jieob Soade.
Bill for the re^ei ot Gilbtn Sp-gae V «h
Mr. PLUMED, from the same committee, re-
por'ed the following, vl
Till granting a pension to Willi uu Bowinan.
Pill for the relief of Geo,ge McFadden.
Bill granting a pension to Robert Lucas.
Air. ALLEN ot Veimonl, from the same com-
mittee,  reported Ihe ío'lov.ne, \i/
Bill for the relief ol Randolph Carter.
Bul for theiehef of John J Wile)
Bill foi the relief of James II Bradford.
Bill for the relief of Bav.d Wuo.i.
Mi MORGAN, from the select committee to
whom, the subject had been íefeired, íeported a bill
for the relief of Petei Yarncil and otheis.
All the foregoing bills were read twice and com-
mitted.
Mr. BIRDSALL, fiom the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was i cíen ed the peti-
tion of John Crofts, praying an mcreas  of pension,
moved that the committee be discharged from the
iurlher consideration of the same, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. BIRDSALL, fiom the same committee, to
which was referred th" petition of Casandana
Campbell, Mary Banning, and Juliana Watts,
heirs at law of Gen. Henry Miller, deceased, made
an unfavorable report on the same; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed
Air. RARÍDEN asked leave to offer the follow-
ing lesolution:
Reiohei, That the Clerk be directed to furnish
su.Ji members of the present House of Repiesenfa-
tives as have not received the same under formei
orders with the following books, being such as have
been supplied to members oí the last and preceding
Congress, mm the Diplomatic Correspondence , the
Documental y History of the Revolution , the Land
Law s, American Sta tc Papers, Register of De-
bates; Contested Elections; Commercial Regula-
tions, Eihot's Debates, but nothing hcicm con-
taiiie 1 --hal' be con-jtiucd to authorize the reprinting
oi e thci oí the abot e works.
Mr. I STRIKEN objecting,
Air. P n RIPEN moved a suspension of t'^e rule,
but Air Pi^biCHER calling for the i eas and naj ■,,
2b   RARIDEN witad'ew h,s motion.
Mi. HAYJMRS csk^d the cor scut of the House
to permit inm to submit a motion that he House
iesj!vi itself mto aComrmttee of the Whole on the
sia'e ot the Union on the Prcoic'ent's Aiessage, but
it v r s obj'eted to
"ViFXICO.
Tne i ext business i ¡ order wt" on ihe iefe]en,e
r r i me Tional presented by Mr. Ad*.ms on Mon-
ify vce i, fiom the New Yoik Peace Society, and
o*hor iiiuniddais fnendlj to the peace cau^e, pray-
i ig Cor>-'ess to acceuo to the preposition of the
Aiev can Congiess.
[Tins proposition was cruched m tne fallowed
i niis, contained in i deciec ui that Conjiess,
, : d May 20, lb37, v.z-
" Tne Govttnment is heieby authorized to com-
nromlse the clamis which the Government of the
United States has instituted, or may hereafter insti-
tute, and these in which they cannot agree, may
be submitted to the decision of a friendly Power,
the United States ot America agieemg theieto."]
The question pending \va  on referring the me-
morial to the Committee or. Foreign Affairs.
The motion pending being on referring said me-
moual ti the Committee on Foreign Aflads
Mr. HOWARD, lrom a ^ei c oí doty which he
owed to the House and to himself, would ask indul-
gence for a few moments, nhle he made some
bnei íemarks m relation to tne subject then beloie
them.
It would be recollected that when the question
v. as last before the House, he had stated, that " he
had taken some pams to ínqu^e fiom the propel
authorities, but found that no pioposition had been
presented from the Mexican Government of thj
nature oí the one alluded to in the petition."
When the proposition nadcumebe'oie the House,
a few days ago, a sketch of die pioceedmgs, to-
gether with the obseivatiors of the gentleman
lion Massachusetts, and a few bnet remaiks of
his own, appeared the next day m one of the daily
papéis of the city, and the p'oceedmgs "Here att i-
wards comm-nted on by another daily paper He
considered it his duty to be paiticdaih creful to
make himself unaerslood, and to expiess himself
in sud) a manner as would guaid rgame' miscon-
struction. Yvith that%iew he fcit himsdi bound
to say, that when he made that statement he oe-
heved it to be literally conect, but siree that tune
it had become otherwise , and ktt it shoule here-
after appear vhat he had suffered the statement to
remain uncontradicted, he felt it incumbent upon
him to say, that a communication bearing date of
the 23d instant, at Philadelphia, had been reeeci ed
by the Department of State horn ihe proper autho-
rity, enclosing an official copy of the decee of the
Mexican Congress alluded to But he w ould still
maintain that he \i as coirect m his foimei asser-
tion, that no proposition of lefeience had been
made by Mexico, nor any gieater willingness ex-
pressed by the Executive of that coantiy, to eye-
cute the power contained in the first than tne
second branch of the decree.   He regretted to say
that he was not able to see in the time and manner
of communicating the decree, any stronger evi-
dence of a friendly spirit than in the decree itself.
But, m order to explain the reasons of this opi-
nion, he begged leave to send to the Chair a copy
of the decree m the Spanish language, and a trans-
lation thereof, which he had obtained, and asked
that the latter might be read for the information of
the House and the nation. For this unusual and
irregular mode of introducing such a document
into the House, he must throw himself upon their
kindness, which he would not have appealed to, if
it had not been for the v ery extraordinary charac-
ter of this debate, and the necessity of guarding the
public mmd from erioneous impressions upon this
deeply interesting topic.
Mr. H. then sent to the Chair the following
paper, which was read:
DECREE.
Department of Pokfign Relations.
His Excellency the President of the Mexican
Republic has been pleased to address to me the fol-
lowing Decree-
The President of the Mex'can Republic to "the
inhabitants Be it known, that the General Con-
gress nas decreed as follows
4rt 1. TheGovemmentisauthori7edtoarrange
(or compromise, it aniigir) with regard to the claim?
preferred, or which may be preferred, by that
of the United States sf the North, and to
commit ts the judgment oí a friendly Power
the decision oí those upon vt inch they cannot come
to a determination, provided the United States
themselves agiee to this.
Art. 3 Tne Government is also authorized—in
case the United States should deny the satisfaction
whn h we should ask on our part, or delay it be-
yond the time -uhaJi shall be fixed conformably
t ith tne beat}, oi should continue the open agres-
sions ah eat1) committed—to close the ports to the
trai e oí that nation, to prohibit the introduction and
use of its manufactures, to establish a period for
the consmnption oi exportation of those already on
hand, and to take all measures required for the
purpose, and for the safety of the Republic.
MIGUEL VALENTIN, President.
Teeso Viejo,                7 o
Rafael de aWlvo, j Secreta«es.
Therefore, I order it to be printed, published, cir-
culated, and carried into due fulfilment.
Palace of the National Gwernmenim Mexico,
May 20,1837.
ANASTASIO BUSTAMENTE.
Louis Go\zaga Cleías.
And I communicate it to jou, that you may be
informed of it, and act accordingly.
God and Liberty!                   CUEVAS.
May 20, 1837.
Mi H. then resumed his íemarks, and was
commenting upon the decree, and the singular fact
that the petition befoie the House entirely sup-
pressed all notice of the second part, w hen
The SPEAKER begged to remind, the gentleman
from Maryland that to discuss the subject of our
relations with Mexico would be entirely out of or-
der, any allusion theieto bejig iuelev<ait on a
mere question of reference
Mr. HOWARD said he would submit to the
decision of the Chair with the gieatest pleasure.
His chief objects were ahead) accomplished by
protecting himself against any future suspicion
that he had been uncandid m the otatement pre-
iieusly made to the House, and bj bringing to the
not ce of the House the decree of the Aíexicaa
Congre^, which had been utterh misrepresented
in the pe'ition w Inch gave rise to this debate.
Air PETRIKSN mot ed to postpone the further
consideration of the subject until Thursday next.
Mr ADAAÍS hoped the question would be de-
cided by the House at once. He did not s«e what
was to be gained by delaying its consideration for
another v eek Mi. A. then adverted to the course
of Air. Howard, and begged to ask him if he did.
not think it inconsistent, first to take upon himself
to denj positively that there had been any propo-
sition, and afteiwards to give a qualified denial.
Fie (Air. A ) hoped that to v natever committee
the memorial might be referred, the committee
shonld be required to report.   The petition was oe
3
