CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                  ®7
on file relating to tlv> snbjeu be teferred to slid
committee.
On motion of Mr GRAHAM,
Resolved, Tnat the Com matte of Claims be in-
structed to inquire mto the expediency aud piopri-
ety ot amending the act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the payment oí horses and other property
lost or destroyed in the military service oí the
United States," approved January 18, 1837, so as
to extend the benefits, of said act to all cases of
horses or other property of officers as welt as other
soldiers, and to mounted rangers, in the military
service of the United States, lost cr destroyed m
such service since the 18th clay of June, 1812; and,
On mono  of Mr WADDY THOMPSON, a
Senate bill for the relief of Captam Samuel War-
ren was read twi< e and referred
And then the House adjourned until Tuesday
IN SENATE,
Friday, December 29, 1837
Mr. WEBSTER appeared and took his seat.
Mr. M'KEAN presented a petition on the subjer. t
of Texas.
Also a petition on the same subject by Mr.
MORRIS.
Mr. KNIGHT presented the petition of the
Rhode Island Temperance Sonet}, foi an amend-
ment of the Hvv authorizing the supply ot ardent
spirits m part riuons for the navv leteired to the
Committee on Naval Affairs
Mr. CLAY ol Alabama piesented the petition
of the clerks oí the Patent Oflice, ior increase ot
salary, leferred to the Committee on Finance
Mr GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a resolution discharging tint Com-
mittee trom the lurther consideration ui the memo-
rial of the Legislature oí Arkansas, relame to the
relinquishment and re-location of certain bounty
lands, in that Slitc,and that thesamt tc rc<ened to
the Committee on Public Lands- iduptnl A so, a
bill appointing comoiissioneis to examine indivi-
dual claims upon the United States, with amend-
ments read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, reported a bill making appropriations for
the removal of the Red Rtver raft lead and order-
ed toa second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims
repoited a
Bill for the relief of Tohn B Keetmg
Bill for the leltef of Jesse E Do«,
Billfor the íehef ot John M'Cmev,
Bill for the relief of ÍVa]   Gun   Alexaudt r Mi-
Comb,
Which were severally read and oidered toa se-
cond reading
Reports from the same committee unfavorable to
the petitions of James Pardoe, afeo, James M'Do-
nald; also, John Burke, also, on a bill Irom the
House on the petition oí Thomas M'Cai.dltv, Re-
ports adopted.          '
Mr MORRIS affeted the following resolutions,
remarking that he had prepared them by way oí
amendment to those offered by the honorable Se-
nator from S uth Carolina, (Mr. Calhoun ) In
drafting them he had, as far as his own opinion
would permit, followed the text of those to which
he had alluded, yet with variations calculated, in
his view, to protect the right of petition, the fiee-
dom of speech, and the liberty of the press
In offering the resolutions, tne Senator fiom
South Carolina had thrown the glue, and with ex-
pressions ot tuumph asserted that none in the Se-
nate could vote, in bis opinion, again„t hi-, views
He, however, dared to enter the lists single-handed,
and engage with him. He wished the resolutions
laid on the table and pinned, and, when consider-
ed, that they be taken up and acted upon one by
one, m order
[These resolutions were given in the Globe yes-
terday.]
After being read by the Secretaty,
Mr. CALHOUN had expressed his hopes that
his proposition, would meet wuh general favor from
the Senate. He had expected some trifling oppo-
sition, bat nothing m the light of the present move-
inenfc, it was, however, now deeided that no con-
cession or sacrifice would satisfy the opposition
We hail Ucrt i fan specimen of the doctime m
full cotoi V s, here was displaced tne absolute
creed of the Abolitiortibts fully developed, and
trom this he had little hope that his desire to pro-
molt the harmony of the Union would be gratified.
He, however, sternly denied throughout tne charges
brought against him by the gen'leman who had
offered thr t evolutions.
The motion to print was then agreed to.
Mr LINN presented the petition of the wittov
of Capí Patrick, late of the army, for relief refer-
red to the Committee on Military Affairs
The following bills ware read a third time and
passed
Bill for the relinquishment of the 16th section of
School lands
Also, bill for the relief of Daniel Bush
Also, bill to ratify certain acts of John Pope,
late Governor of Arkansas
On motion of Mr   DAVIS,
Resolved, That the Secielary of Wir he, and
hereby is, instructed to oommumede the Samite
such information as he has, and thp Department
contains, npi.i the follow ing matters, to wit
The number of troops, including allies, which
have been employed in the war with the Scm note
Indians from its commencement to this time,
Trie numliei now m the set\ico,
The authontv under, and by which, allies have
been employ id, and the terms and conditions upon
which tney do or have skived,
The amount o! naval force, it anv, tint has been
employed on this servici, and whether, and ¡o
what extent, it h<is been employed on land, ii steam
vessels have been employed, and ho v many, and
for what kind of s rvici,
The number ol peisons, employed by the United
States that have been killed, oi have perishe 1 from
wounds, or othei causes, in the several campaigns,
Tne entire disbursements made bv ths United
Stales to Ct'iry on this «ar up to tl.is tone
The probable ancar^ges now due,
The whole number of the Seminole population
at the commencement of hostilities, the nunber of
warriors there, the number killed, and the number
taken prisoners by the United States, the number
that has come tn, and voluntarily sunendered, the
number of wamors that have emigrated, the num-
ber still remaining, the number of other corps
who have emigrated, and the number remaining,
the probible numbei of arms possessed by the
S=minol In bans a' the commencement of f'i'-
wir, and the «ourc ps horn vi 'mil tlioy In e ob-
tained supplies of ¿mmututiori
Mi PULTON, fro n the Com nittee on Public
Linds, to which wis íeferied "a bill foi the r?hel
oí sumir) cti7ens ol Arkansas, who lo^t the i im-
;>rovements in consequent of a tretty between
ihe Unitfd States ard Choctaw Im'tans ' íeported
the sime wuh an amendment.
On motion ot Mr BEiXfON,
Knotted, That Secretary o' Wai le direct? I to
communicate to the bomb . sUten fit of fie
amount annuallj paid 'oi Kevolu íoiiaiv pensionsin
each Sta'e itirt Terr tirv, aid iti the District ot
Columbia, trom the year 1789, to tin pies in time,
also, the annua! aggre7ate amont t oi the sime
payments foi pensions duimg the same period
On moiwn of Mr SMITH oi Indiana
Hcoleed, ludí the Committee on the Mil ite be
tnstiucted to inquuc mto the expediency oí pto-
vulmgbv law for the payment oí the nsihtn, cilled
unt by thf Indian Afent at Lotrarspoi t, Indiana,
to suppie s a threatened not, at Ihe pivment of
the annu ty at thai pUce, in theveir 1336
On motion of Mr L\ON,
Retohed, That the Coram ttee onCoranKict be
instructed to lunmre in expediency ot making ip-
propnations for constiucfig harboisat the mouths
of the Kalaiiiayoo, Noith and South Black livers,
Pigeon river, and leu building a p pi on which to
erect a Sight-house at the mouth of Giatid river, in
ihe State of Michigan.
The CHAIR presented a report ñora ihe Secre-
tary of War, in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate, relative to the surveys of the Atlantic and
Western railroad laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed
The resolution bv Mr   NILKS foi information
troth the Postmaster General íeUiive it the expe-
diency of transmuting money by m¿<¡, ifce. was, m
an amended iorm, adopted
The bill to amend the act of 1790, providing for
punishment oí certain crimes, asainst the united
States, was taken up for consideration, and an
amendment substituting for " d°ath" that of " im-
prisonment to hard labor for a let m not leos than
ten yeais, or for life, at the discietton of the court,"
for the crime of burning public buddings or docu
ment=, was adopted—yeas 23, nays 16, a& follows •
YEAS—Messrs Biown, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Davi«, Kmghc Lumpkin, McKean,
Niles, Not veil, Pierce, Prentiss, Rives, Robbins,
Robinson, Rugglcs, Smith oí Connecticut, Smith
of Indiana, Southaid, Swift, Walker, Webster,
Williams, and Young—231.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Black, Clay of
Alabama, Clayton, Pulton, Grundy, Hubbard,
King, Lyon, Nicholas, Sevier, Strange, Tipton,
White, and Wright—16
The bill, with other amendments, was tHen oi-
dered to be en ¿tossed for a third reading.
The bill i r U'">relief ot the executrix of the late
Rub rd W Meade was taken up in Committee ot
the W holt, aid discussed at some length, and,
arter the ad ilit n of some amendment^, was ¿nalK
oideied 'o '« eijfossed tora, dnrd reading
TIk bill fo  IK irauon of a hospital ¡a the Di
Irict of Col ¡mbia «as debated in Committee of the
Whole
Thebhm on n oiuu of Mr. WILLI WIS, va->
tilled with Vo "OH
An art ui Iment, offeied bv Mr SEVIFR, vti*.
dt'ens^pd, giving the privilege of admission to raa-
unes and soldiers of the United States , when,
fin motion, Tne Senate adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE,
'111 sn iv, Jan 1 1838
vi mini s ml iiLinoruls wen (ailed for in the
order oí Slates and Tendones, commencing with
the latter, and the fol'ow ¡tig gentlemen severally
presented, \u
Mr DOWNING of Flonda
Mi   CR\RY of Michigan.
[Mr Cr vr.y presented a petition for a mail route
from Cassopohs to JCeeleroville, also, a petition ot
two hundtedand seventy citizens, of Berrien county,
for the passage of a general pie-emption law, also,
a petition of John Wood and othei , of Livingston
county, fir the ahohlinn of slavery and Ihe slave
Inde in thf Distnct of Columbia ]
Mr MILLER of Missouri
[Mi Mii.ii b p-esen'ed t>><" following petitions-
Thc petit on of Binjiuiin Carnahdti, and 212
other-,, piaying the < sUiltt-hmeut of a mail route
bom ( olüinbia, in Boone loutitv, Mo to Mount
Veinon, in CoopT tountv thente by the way oi
Pi^ah, Palest ne, Mount Carmel, ncl ^nator, to
Gpuisetown m IVttis cottity, m said State re-
ftr ed to the Cumini'tet. on the Post Oflice and Post
Rovls Also, the petition oi Bryan Mullanphy
aud other-., membeii of the bar at St Lou s, Mo.
piaying Congress to p<i=&a law inereasini; ti e num-
bei oí terms of theCncuit Cr uit of the United
S'ates- for the it stnct of Missj in, and fcr other
pm pos ^ i Icrred to the Coninnt'ee on the Judi-
oiaiy Al,<, tne pctilioi of Willuirii Gillts and
John King, oi Missoiri, piaymg the passage of a
liw grai ting them Die right oí pre-emption to cer-
'-iin lauds inercia na >ieu referred to thr Oommit-
li e on Public Lui N AKo, the petition of Henry
Co'iia-T), ot Mi^oun, praying Congress tn grant
him íehef, 11 consiquem e of d imares s-n>-tained in
a contiatt t itered in o bv him with an authorised
¿gent of thf Untied States referred to tV Oommit-
tep of Claims Al o, papéis in the cis oi Enoch
iViatson of Missoun, relating to his location of 640
acrts of Uttd by vntue of \ew Madnd certificate
\o 1Ó5, bv whicn he makes appbcation to Con-
gress lor a uhority to remove the same in conse-
quence ot its interference with certain Spanish
grants, and for permission to re-'ocate the same, on
any of the public lands in the State of Missouri not
oiherwtse appropriated, the sale of which is autho-
nzed by law referred to the Committee on Public
Lands
Resohed, That the C >mtmttee on Pubuc Linds.
