yo
J
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail route i rom Louis-
ville by Jefferson, Taylorsville, Bloomfield, &c
to Maxwell, m Washington countv, Kentucky.
On motion of Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS,
Retohed, That the Commitiee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of adding
Memphis to the number of sites for marine hospi-
tals on the western waters, already selected by the
medical board appointed for that purpose, and re-
ported by them to this House at the present session
On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY,
Rtsolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of providing, for the use oí the Post Of-
fice Department, maps showing the post offices and
post roads.
On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Oflice
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of so altering the present tanff of post-
age charged upon letters, pamphlets, &c. trans-
mitted by mail, that it shall correspond with the
uom of the United States.
On molioii of Mr. HAMER,
Rtiohed, That the Committee on ihe Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route throngh
Georgetown, in Brown county, through Feesburg
and New Boston, to Felicity, in Clermont count},
Ohio; also, a post route from Russelville through
Arnheim to Sardinia, in Brown count}, Ohio.
Mr. WISE, on l ave, submitted the following
resolution
ResoM, That a committee, to consist of---------
member-., be appointed, to inquire into the expe-
diency of so amending the Constitution of the Un.-
ted States, as to prohibit the appointment of mem-
bass of Congre.s ti E\ecutive offices dmmgthe
time for which they ¡ue elected Senator ur Repre-
sentatives, and the time of two years thereafter.
•rTAISr SOme remarks from Messrs. WISE,
HATOES, WILLIAMS of North Carolina, UN-
DERWOOD and YELL, and before the question
was uken, on motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tlesday, January 2, 1838
fli". BUCHANAN presented the memonalof
Bonoit Henri Lumuh-Klimkiew uch, laic a liente-
i int-colnnel m the Polis i sem^, and nephew of
Thaddeus Kosciusko, tor relief
Mr B lemarked tha' the petitioner «as now
m Philadelphia in giea' distress He only r iked
< i Congiess a grant oí ¡and to which he cou'd
rente, and by his pippjons sustain himself, oi
would even be satisfied to purchase ,i s-ction of
and, on uskof his own aoilitv to pay tor the sam(
«it Government prnif in the course of one or two
\ ears   referr"d to the Committee on Public L?nds
Mr McKEAN presented petitions of citiztns of
P nnsylvama, against the annexation of Texas
¡aid on the tabic
Mi RUGGLES ptesented the petition of Anna
B >yd, widov of a Revolutionary officei, ior relief
T1 teired.
Vi \ORVELL presented the petition of 100
( Hi ens of Berrien county, Michigan, for the enact-
ment ot a general pre-emption law  referred
All RUGGLES presented memorials oí cilixens i
u \fame, against the annexation of Texas, and on J
he «nbjeet of the abobfon oí *lavtn    Ia.\cl on the
tdh r.
Mr 'BUCHANAN ptpsented the tn'mortal cf a
'jis><? number ol citizen* of Philadelphia, lelati.t
"> the sudden <t¡^ t<ti0e ot five hundred mochar es
nom tbp navy Krd in that at), and asking an ap-
piopn, tion ( r the completion of the fpgate Rar.-
ian, tov on the stocks, thus affording employment
ior slid mechanics
Mr   Biuiiw.n, in   yeseaurig  this memuial,
would malti" a iingle íemaik mi elation to it    A
\  M 'e>-<;p nnmhei oí  indus'iinas and skilful rrte-
h,i i <   hid ,ipea Middenlv deputed of employment
>  i o naiv \aí¿ m Pb iidelpbi , at this mclc-
 > ' seasvj of ¡he v< ir M.mi of them With
s * mi !]< pre row in i snfiprinj; condition
h  "   i > i          r feint <tu urg Ihe jrfsent Win
ter, unless the Government will afford ihern em-
ployment. They ask only that they may be per-
mitted to give a fair equivalent in labor, when it is
required to be performed by the public interest, for
bread for themselves, their wives and their chil-
dren. It had been represented to him, and was so
stated in the memorials, that the frigate Raritan
was then decaying on the stocks m the navy yard
at Philadelphia. If this were the fact, and he had
no reason to doubt it, the interest of the United
States required that these mechanics should be em-
ployed upon this frigate Public policy thus har-
monised with the claims of humanity. He b gged
leave, therefore, to commend the claims of these
suffering mechanics to the favorable and imme-
diate attention of the Committee on Naval Affairs
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr.  Bochín ¿n  also presented ten  memorials
from citizens of Pennsylvania, against the annexa-
tion of Texas    Also, three on the subject of aboli-
tion , a motion to receive which was laid on the
table.
Also, two from the same, for the alteration of
certain post routes • referred to the Committee on
the Post Oflice and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of citizens of Philadelphia, for
a dry dock in that city referred to ihe Committee
on Naval Affairs
Mr ROBINSON presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Illinois, praying the establish-
ment of a national army at ihe falls of the Wa-
bash rivei re'ertcd to the Commi'tec on Mditary
Affair' .
Mi RIVES presented the memorial of the Dis-
trict oí Columbia Temperance Society, to abolish
the use of ardent spirits m thenar/, rcfen ed to
the Comm ttee on Nai al A/fans
Priva'e 11 lilions v> < J? also presented b\ Messrs
GRUNDY TIPTON, PRLSTOA, sOUlTiiRD,
NILES, CUTHBERT, and -KIJNG, and severally
appropriately referred.
Mr. WHITE introduced a bill for the relief of
the heirs ol Hemy Fisher read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr WILLIAMS introduced a bill for the relief
of the heirs of Gustavus Warner, also lor the re-
lief of the heirs of Wm. Ramsay severally read,
and ordered to a second leading
Mr. GRUNDY, from the Judiciary Committee,
rep >rted a bill for the relief of R S Cox                  i
Mr   WALL, iron the    ame, reponed a bllio  '
prevent tne counieriet  of loicugn coins  severa!!}
lead, and ordeied to a second reading                      ,
Mr BENTON introduced a bill to abolish duty J
on Indian  blankets  and Indian  goods general)}
lead, and referred to the Committee on Finance       I
On motion of Mr SEVIER,                                 |
Resolved, Tim the Secretan- of Wai repjit to ,
toe  Senate   the result oí a suivey of the Black,
Wmte, and Sf  F'.incis rivers, togethei   with esli- l:
mates of th- expense cf rendering the same navi- ¡
gable                                                                        i
On mo'ion oi Mr. LUMPKIN,
Resolved, That the Commitiee on the Post Office I
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of ai- !
termg post routes fiom Rome, G« to Somerville '
Ala and other ¡daces, also, the íeference of seven I
petit ons on the same subjec t to the same commit- j
ti c  adopted                                                             '
On motion oi Mr CLAY of Alabima,                 !
Resoh d, Thai the Comm ttct. on Pul' c Land
b1 instructed tu inquire into the expediency oi m-
eieasmg the silaij of the Commssionei of the
Gencial Lind Oilice, co <>s to bear a just proportion
to tie salaries of othei ofhceis 'n the E^ecu'ne
Department
ORDERS OF THE DAY                      j
ResOiUtjit     uid  re/ioi's of   the  Committee of  h
Clums, advuse  to petitions of John Burke, a'so, ,'
James Pardee   abo, Jonn iVOonald, wh'cn weie   ',
adoptee'                                                                    i¡
bill  io ip'cd thf   act et  17%, relative to the |j
punishmen'of citam onmes a?a'*ist the United   ;
States, m cap lalcisr-", was ieao a third time and l!
passed.                                                                      I
The bill for the rc\cf of ihe executrix of the   I
'aro Richaní W. Meade, w as then  taken up, and   j
> n ' ■•c question if iK p?ss«gp
Mr   WRIGHT said he would like it to be pt«K|;
poned until the day after to-morrow, in order tpff;
he might have timé to look into ¡is merits wiiK
some degree of care.   He bad examined it tm
years ago, when he wa  first m the House of B*.**
presentatives, but not since that period    It was%
bill involving an important principle, as well 3s,
the appropriation of an immense amount of money,
or he would not have as.ked this delay on the quel- '
tion of its final passage    He w ould pledge huñsejf
not to ask for a further postponement.                   ?
Mr CLAY of Kentucky said he bad no objec- ,
lion to the postponement, convinced, as he was,
that the more it was examined, the. more would Us
justice become apparent.
Tne motion to postpone was adopted
The bill to auuhori7e the erection of a hospital ¡tg
the City of Washington, and for other purposes,,
was then taken op, when
Mr, CLAY of Alabama moved its recommit-
ment to the Committe* on the District oí Colum-
bia, on the ground that tbey were called on to ap-
propriate money for the erec  on of a hospital,
without proper data or plan. He thought the true
course would be to have a full report from that
committee, setting forth the plan of the building,
the expense of erection, cost of maintenance, oa
which the Senate could act understanding^.
Mr WILLIAMS had hoped that the chairara 
of tut Committee for the District ot Columbia
would have been in his place when this bill shonli
be acted upon, but as he is not, would state, as well
as he cookl, the reason? which mdixeed the eommi&ep
to report it. The b 11 provides f ji the erection ef
a hospital in the District of Columbia, for the sé-
commodation and relief of the ¡nsaneof the District,,
for such sick and indigent soldiers, seamen, and
others, as mav be admitted under íegutations hercv
affr to be aaopted                   '
L t ic"-1 tess t f i vie < u i s aoushment, and
is itsuch an cbject as calis lui *"e favor and pa-
tronage oí the nationi
It is now well understood tnat insanity is a disease
as capable of being relieved  and cured by proper
treatment, and  with suitahle accommodations, as
other acute diseases to which men pre subject, and
when attended to m its earL  stages the proportion
of cure, is as great m this as m other diseases.   A
principal ms'rument in procuring rebel and reco-
very for the insane is comfortable and e'eartly ao
comm oda'ions, and kmd t-eatment   and these can-
not encube had\ íthü". soriesitc'i an establishment
as is pioposeil o/ tne bi 1 u'ider c usideration. The
committee were not n formed oi toe number of in-
sane persons within the District, but it is believed
that in the United States the ?verage is about one
in a thousand ol population, and as the popúlanos
of the District of Columbia is said to be from 30 to
10,000, it is safe to estimate that there are from 30
to 40 insane persons m  the District    Beside the
insane there aie many persons annually who come
u the seat oi Go.einmeiu to ask of Congress what
the} considei to be due to them, ^nd thev remain
puisuing thtir claims unu! thei   means of suppose
are exhausted, and mail} ot them are compelled to
ask chantv from their representatives, or be thrown
upon the Distuct for rebei     M<tn\  oi  hese are
soldiers and seamen who hd"e seuec¡ iueA com.
trj, and think themselves eat,tied tu tne bounty oí
their G> vtmm"nt, >->ut «1 use ¡neans are not ade-
quate to tbeirsuppoit wh'lc  waiting ih° «. ow Pro-
gress oi the acts of Oemgie >s to  the a ¡e i c Í   JNow.
unless ¡.urn peisoi s can ob am emi tv i oni their
representat >es m Congress, or Kicojs v iom tl.ey
mav happen to find heR. tn'v must ba tiir-«n upon
tb  City authorities tor suppc      And wnv should
the l u be it the chaige oi ituniih>ng support to
such iersons, not 1) h>iigin:r t > th< c ty'   There is
not onlv no reason joi  t  hut   he > uv  has not, m
fdi-i, the meiiis of a)'or ling i      Th- nnlj building
provided b} ihe. tit's    "r tb * tt 1 of o,  the poor ¡s a
poor-house, in as\ in n   wluch is alieady filled bv
persons belonging to tht city, and wno have a right
to be supported there     Is it  not, then, right and
proper that the nat on should be at the expense of
providing sach accomnioXanon a- i<¡ contemplated
r>y the bill'2    Is it not an object worthy the endow-
ment of Congress'   In rep*y ío inquine'as to the
sire of thf 1 '«lding < ^""rnplptrn1 to be «rected, and
