w:
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
V''
71
f
we cost ofsach a building as he supposed mi°-ht be
tóldrágs, and which was to-consist ofone princi-
í,,;,. Hom> aM *™ ftet m rear, of the centre
baSed\™ **<*%*«* high, and male ?f
I 5*? Vtow' W0UW cost from 110 to 115 000
áoltars, a(ld would accommodate 120 pa tnts X
'  adanTf W        ThC crmittee Were ^p«ed tó
,   atop a lea¡ expensive plan, and reported an aot ro-
■   tf n! " ír Wh?f C?trd the whoie wbiecl was to
f   ierfifnl' T^ i^VJ neCeSsary <™ *  <*■
certain the best plan before he would sanction it.
•   «o t,¿ Lfí°r?at!0n now, com««nícated, he had
WH t ft     obieQtl°" to *e recommitment of the
m   <a  C0Intt"ttee who reported it.
tiof L IIE? SaLd *?en rt was under considera-
^ otter day he had offered an amendment
going to embrace seamen, soldiers, and every bodv
else; he thought if it were contemplated to build an
immense poor house in the District it was as well
fLm,T?,/ *f ,extellsively «seful as possible.
He would w-Hhdraw his amendment, however,
as m Uns city he found that said soldiers
ana sailors (of which there were very few)
were already provided for, and there was a
poor bouse, for the poor of the District, pro-
viied by its authorities. If we built an immense
hospital here m the shape of a general alms-house,
we should have the poor and beggars from all
quarters asking to be received, where they could
have a luring better even than those who labored
honestly for it. Another great objection to his
mmd was, that ne estimate had been lurnished—no
ground on which to go—and if we went on to legis-
late thus loosely, we might be called on to make
appropriation after appropriation, like we had for
the Treasury and Patent Offices, which would cost
millions before they were finished.
Mr. NILES wished the bill recommitted, in or-
der that there might be some specific plan. He was
opposed to the erection of a magnificent edifice in
the metropolis, for the purpose named. He wish-
ed the whole proposed plan before the Senate, and
alluded to appropriations which had before been
made, and fallen short of the accomplishment of
their objects, and the - one now contemplated
might -be graduated oa the same scale of magnifi-
cence.
Mr. WILLIAMS made a reply to Mr. Niles,
and had the memorial of the Board of Health ef
the District read.
The bill was ordered to be recommitted to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
The bill for the relief of James Wilherall was
then taken up, and, after being amended, was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill for the relief of John Newton came up,
and was so amended, oa motion of Mr. PUL-
TON, as to apply to ah similar cases, and authoriz-
ing all claimants to bounty lands to surrender them
and to locate anew; said law to continue in force five
3rears. The bill was then read, and ordered to be
ngrossed.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Frederick
Leigle: also, of Samuel Miller; also, of David
Stone; also, to amend the act for the better orga-
nization of the marine corps ; also, for the relief
of Andrew Armstrong ; also, of G.ietano Carusi;
also, of the heirs of Moses Elmer; also, of John
Gordon; also, of 'he heirs oi'Maj. Peter Hp.lfer^iein:
also, to abolish public executions in capital cases ;
also, for the relief of Joseph Bogs;;/; also, of Se-
ba«tian Botcher; and Ui  hill to entorce the act of
July 9, 1832, for üv; ad;us'ment of private land
claims in Missouri, were .everaliy read, and order-
ed to be engrossed for a third reading.
The oil! to revolee the charters of certain banks
in the Disirkt   of Columbia was then taken up ;
and, on motion cf Mr. WRIGHT, the further con-
sideration thereof was postponed till Monday next.
And then,
The Seaate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
WedneSdat, January 3, 1838.
Mr. TOWNS, on leave, submitted the following
resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
the claim of Zachariah Philips for property de-
stroyed by-the Creek Indians in the years 1817
and 1818; and that all papers relating to said claim
be referred to said committee.
Mr. HAYNES asked leave to move that the
House resolve itself into a Coxmittse of the Whole
on the state of the Union on the President's Mes-
sage, but it was objected to.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
On motion of Mr. BELL, thp rules were sus-
pended to enable him to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Elections, in
making a report agreeably to the order of the
House, of the facts in the ca.-e of the application of
S. S. Prentiss and J. J. Word, to be admitted and
qualified as members of .the 25th Congress frota
the State of Mississippi, be directed to discriminate
between the evidence submitted to the Committee
of Elections at the late called session, under the re-
solution of the House directing an inquiry whether
J. H. Claibume and 8. J. Gholson were entitled to
their seats as members from the same State, and the
evidence submitted at the present session.
Mr. HAMER saw no necessity for the adoption
of this resolution, as under the recent, order, the
committee were required to make a full statement
of all the facts, and to give a complete view ol
the case, and it seemed to him, as a matter of
course, that they must notice what took place at
the late extra session. It seemed really to be a
work of supererogation to require the committee
to discriminate, and unless he heard «im« good
reason assigned, he, should vole against ¡he resolu-
tion.
Mr. BELL said, that when he offered the reso-
lution he was not aware that the order of the House
had instructed the Committee to report on the facte
and evidence adduced at the last session. But it
was his opinion that the literal construction of the
order did not require the Committee to make that
statement, at least not a full statement. He thought
it material that the House should know on what
evidence its former decision had been made. It
was nothing bat right that the House should have
the advantage of any new facs which may have
come to light, or it might appear that there had
been a mis-statement of facts, or fraud, at the
former adjudication, although he did not mean to
say that such had been the case.
Mr. TILLINGHAST was of opinion that to those
gentlemen who looked upon the decision of the
last session as a judgment, it was important that
the case should be again renewed, if new evidence
could be adduced.
Mr. HAMlfR saw no reason to induce him to
withdraw his opposition to the resolution. The
facts of the case at the last session were familiar to
every gentleman in the House, and all the evi-
dence taken before that Committee could easily be
obtained.
After some further remarks from Mr. BELL,
Mr. CILLEY saw no necessity for adopting the
resolution, in as much as the committee would
report on all the facts, when the House could dis-
criminate for it--clf. But with a view of removing
all objections, he would move to amend the resolu-
tion, by instructing the committee to report on all
the facts at the called session a1; well as at. the
present.
Mr. WISE viewer! the members of the com-
mittee as analogous to commissioners in chancery.
wh« were almost invariably instructed to present
their accounts in a certain form. He could see no
disrespect ¡n instructing the members of the com-
mittee, or any other public servants, to do their
duty,
Mr. PATTON suggested loKr. BELL that bis
resolution appeared rather calcrJa'-d to confuse
the question. He was of opinión thít the crder
already made by ¡he House wov'd cover 3Ü the
ground pon'emplated.
Aii. PARKER was  opposed to tb>  resolution ?■■
wholly nnnecfswy, and uncalled for by the circum-
stances of the ease, With that view, he moved to
'.ay it, together with the amendment on the table.
On this motion, Mr. BELL asked for- the yeas
and nays; which being ordered—wereyeas96, nay-!
92.   So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. REED moved a suspension of the rules for
the purpose of calling the residue of the States for
petitions, commencing at the point where the
House left off yesterday, (at Virginia;; which was
a? reed lo—106 to 34.
Petitions and memorials were accordingly pre-
sented hv Messrs. PATTON, MERCER, JONES,
and TALIAFERRO, of Virginia.
Messrs. JENIFER, McKIM, and C. JOHjN-
SON, of ¡Maryland.
Mr. MILLtGAN of Delaware.
Messrs. OGLE, HENRY, DAVIS. FRY,
PAYNTER, PLUMESi, POTTER, DARLING-
TON, NAYLOR. WAGENER. TOLANO, M.
MORRIS, PETR1KEN, and LOGAN, of Penn-
sylvania.
[Mr. Fay presented the petition of twen!v-two
ladies of Montgomery county, Pennsylvania,
against the annexation of Texas to the United
States. Also, the petition of same twentv-two la-
dies, piaying the aboliiion of slayery and the slave
trade in the District of Columbia. Also, the peti-
tion of the same twenty-two ladies, and one other,
making twenty-three, for the same purpose. Also,
the p"tilioii of the same twenty-two ladies and six
others, praying an entire prohibition of the slave
trade. Also, the petition of the same twenty-two
ladies and eight others, praying Congress to admit
no new State into the Union which tolerates slave-
ry. Also, the petition  f eighty-seven other ladies
cf Montgomery county, Pennsylvania, earnestly
pravmg Congress immediately to abolish slaverv
m the District of Columbia, and in the Territories;
of the United States. Also, the petit.ou of too
heirs of the late Gen. Stephen Moylan, for relief.]
[Mr. M. Morris presented eleven petitions, one
sicned by 45 persons, against the  admission of any
new State into the Union, that tolervtes slavery.
Two petitions signed, the one by 23 andi> other
by 51 women, for the abolition of slavery ii.';the
District of Columbia; and one other petition, sigh-
ed by 39 persons, for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia. Also, two petitions, one
signed by 52 and the other hv 57 women, against
the annexation of Texas to the United States; and
five other petitions against the annexation of Texas
to the United States, «me signed by 9, another by
In, another by 36, another by 44, and another by
73 persons, all of the county of Bucks, Pennsyl-
vania.]
Mr. HALSTEAD of New Jersey.
Messrs. BROADHEAD, JONES, PARKER,
McCLELLAN, VANDERVEER, PRENTISS,
GRANT, GALLUP, CURTIS, GUILDS, DE
GRAFF, and MARVIN of New York.
[Mr. Parker presented the petiosi of March
Farrington of Delhi, Delaware county, K. Y. to
he put on the invalid pension list: referred to th
Committee of Invalid Pensions.]
[Mr. Grant presented the following petition"!:
The petition of Somerville Johnson, jr. and seventy-
five other le^al voters of the town of Palermo, in
the county of Oswegm, and in the State of New-
York, and Lucretia Powers and eighty-three wo-
men of the same place, praying the inunedia'e 
aboliiion of slavery and the slave trade in thtve.
Territories of the United States where they exist.
The petition of Lewis Johnson and eighty lega!
voters, and cf Hannah Mason and eighty-six.
women of the same town and county, against th«
admission into this Union of any new State who; 
Constitution tolerates domestic siaverv. The pe':-
tion of William K. Burt and seventy-fiye other
legal voters, and of Amy Ruth and fishfv-fivf
women of the same place, "praying Ok- vva<?-\:.".,:
abolition of slavery and the slave vrade •> tl,i
District of Columbia. The petition of J^h.i jv ; -
and seventy-three Segal voters, and oí* B?ts-j
A. Raymond and seventy-nine "women of i*-?
same pface, praying Congress 'o r«>>'af? '!•-
rouimcrce m slaves among the sevfal S'Mes, ■*" i
i"oK'. u may be ¡mtBedia'elv aboli^i. TV- (••'
Ti-ft  of   \mos   Hunaerfcri!   ami   t>ver lv-,;-,r •••
