1-1
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
habitants of said town and county, and of Laura
Denton and twenty-two women of the '-ame place,
for the immediate abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in those Temtones of the United States
-where they exist. The petition oi Geoige It. Jack-
son and twenty-four inhabitants of said town, and
of Maria Burdick and twenty women of the same
place, for immediate abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the District of Columota. The peti-
tion of L. Blackman and 28 other inhabitants, and
of Pervey Ayer and twenty-one women, ail of the
same town, against the admission into this union
of any new State whose Constitution tolerates
domestic sla/efy. The petition of Joseph Kellogg
and twenty-two ether inhabitants, and of Eimtra
Jackson and twenty-two women of the same town,
praymg Congress so to regulate the commerce m
slaves among the seveial States that it may be pro-
hibited. The petition of Nelson Burdick and
twenty-seven inhabitants, and of Eliza L Douglass,
of the same town, against the admission into the
Union of any new State whose Constitution tole-
rates domestic slavery. The petition of A. C.
Lord and twenty-seven inhabitants, and Mati'da
G. Seymour and twenty-seven women of the same
town, for the immediate abolition ot slavery and
the slave trade in those territories of the United
States where they exist The petition of A. C
Loid and twenty-seven inhabitants, and ol Matilda
G. Lyman and twenty-three women of the same
town, for the immediate abolition of slavery and
the slave trade in the District of Columbia. The
petition of S Blake, ir and twent)-eight mhabi
tsnts, and of Eunice Lea vat and twentj -eight wo-
men of the same town, praying Congi ess to regu-
late the commeice in slaves among the several
States, that it may be mime I ately prohibited
The petition of William Dallowav and one hundred
and eighiy-six other citizens ol t'ie State of New
York, mnab'ting the nor'hern boundam if ih •
United S'ates, praying foi the construction of a
ship and steamboat canal around the Falls of Ni-
agara. The petition of thirty-one legal votéis of
the county of Oswego, in the State of New York,
praying for the immediate abolition of slavery
and the slave trade in those Temtones of
the United States where they now e\is 
The petition of thitty-one legal voters oí the
county of Oswego, m the State ot New York, prav-
ms the abolition of slavery and the slave trick in
the District oí Columbir Th  petition rftwcnt>-
two leg<J voters oí tne (ooity ifOsw _,o, in th
Matt, ol New Yorii, pra, i„ Confess t > rtjv.cl a'l
proposal^ for the anne^ ition ot Texas to this
Union Tne petition of Unity legal voters of the
county oí Oswego, m i e ¡biate tf New York,
praymg Congi ess not to admit any S'ati into this
Union, whose Constitution tolerates domestic
s'aver} ]
[Mr Curtis prese ned the memorial of Tnad-
deus Phelps and Co and oihers, holders ot Neapo-
litan tndemn ty stock certificates, proposing a trans-
ía of the same to the United Sta es, ei' er for cash
or in exchange foi public «tock oí the United
States A'so, the petition oí John Havus and
others, concerned in the navigation of Long Island
sound, proymg that buoys may be placed as bea-
co -s at the mouth of Milford harbor, Connecticut ]
[Mr. Childs presented the memorials of James
Sherry and eighty other persons, inhabitants of the
town of Henrietta, State of New York, asking the
abolmoi of slavery and the slave trade in the
District of Columbia and the Territories of the
United State-.]
Mr ALLEN ot Vermont
Mesrs. WHITTLESEY, HOLT, HALEY,
INGHAM, and PHELPS, of Connecticut
[Mr. Hoi/rpiesenled the petition of Elias Caipen-
ter, of Siuibndge, Massachusetts, praymg an in-
ervase of pension Also the petition of Jesse E
Dow, asking compensado i foi bearing despatches
from the Med teriane-m iu the United S ?tes
m 1836]
[Mr JRalE7 presented the petition of 256female,s)
of the city of New L' rdon, m Cmrecticjt, piavmg
for the aboht on of slaver) in ihe D sir>a of Colum-
t> a, an 1 the slave trade in tne St!*p> Also, the
petition oí 271 females in tn-^ oitv ot New London,
ii Connxticut  praying ¡hat Congress mil not ad-
mit Texas into this Union, and moved its reference
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.]
[Mr. Inghjii presented the following petitions •
Rebecca Noys and others, heirs of Paul Novs,
asking payment of a debt due the deceased for Re-
volutionary service* leferred to the Committee of
C'atms Elizabeth Mays, asking an additional
allowance as a nivy pension: referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. W.dow of Colonel Jacob
Kmgstmry, asking payment of a Revolutionary
claim due hir late husband referred to the Com-
mttee of Claims. Citizens of Milford, Connec-
ticut, asking an appropriation for buoys en certain
locks m the harbor oí that place relerred to the
Committee on Commerce. Eh Kimberly, keeper
ol the light-house on Falkner's Island, asking an
increase of compensation . referred to the Commit-
tee >n Commerce Sixteen petitions of citizens of
Middlesex count), Connecticut, praying for the
abo.ition oí slavery, etc in the District of Colum-
bia laid on the table, undei the standing order of
the House ]
[Mr. Phelps presented a petition of inhabi-
tants ol Beaver county, Pennsylvania, m favor of
fixing on the falls of Beavei, m that county, as a
proper site for a national aimory West of the Al-
leghany Mountatns. Also a petition of ceitam
inhabitants of Hartland, Connecticut, and of Tol-
land, Massachusetts, m favor oí the extension of a
mail i ute ]
Mr TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island.
Messis BRIGGS, REED, LINCOLN, GREN-
NELL CALHOUN, CUSH1NG, HASTINGS,
BORDEN, PARMENTER, and ADAMS of
Massachusetts
[Mr Gushing moved that certain joint resolutions
of the Legislature of Massachusetts, presented by him
last Congi ess on the right of pet,non be taken from
the files, and ief°rred to a select committee, wuh
instruction o repmt a reso j.' on re^undim the
(Mr Pjtton s) íesolution, oi dcr.ng all abo'ition pa-
pers on the table
Mr. Wise requested the decision of the Chair,
whether this motion did not itself come under the
latter order?
Before the Ch «r replied,
Mr Owens raised the question oi consideration,
which w as decided to be the preliminary one
Mr. Johnson of Maryland, moved that the House
adjourn.   Lost
Messrs Wisp and Bm l raised the question that
the p nm of i rdei should be niM decided, on the
¿round th^t < thou ise the House mignt be called
upon to vote on a pioposi ion v hich might be out
of order, or e\ en impertinent
Mr Adams mqured if the subject, being a peti-
tion, must rot stand over for debate.
The Chair replied that the petition was not
then under di^cn sion, but the question o! Older.
H' idded lliai there was some weight in the sug-
gestions on that point, and referring to a statement
made by Mr Clshinu of the contents of the
aioresaid joint re olutions, which were to repeal
Mr Pinckney sresolution, (in substance the same
as that of Mi. Píttom ) He then decided that
tne whole subject came under the order of the
Housp ordering all papers relating to abolition to
be laid on the table.
The motion was accordingly so disposed of ]
[Mr. Pírme.nter presented the petition of Abi-
gail G Greene and 69 other women of Stoneham
of Mai y P. F Browne and T2 other women of
Shirley, Relief W Crafts and 69 other women of
Newton, Eliza W. Harding and 91 o*her women
of Waltham, Saiah Osgood and 930 otner women
of Westford, Catharine Moore and 208 o'her wo-
men of Hopkm'on, Harriet C Kcnnck and 47
other women ot N«wton, Eli¿a H Brian and 159
other women of Cnelmsfoid, Sarah C Rugg and
199 other women of Groton, Sally Dina and 65
o'her women of Dunstab'e, Marv S P Hi) wood
and 114 other women of Ashbj, Hairiet N Hart-
well anl ll* other women of P ppere!l, Sally
Fletcher and 5-1 other women of CarLs'e, Ruhan-
nah Parker and .18 other women of Newton; Eliza
Philbrook and 89 other women of Brookhne, Sarah
P Carter and 111 other women of Charieslovvn,
M. Dana and 61 other women of Watertown, Hai-
net S Gndiev and 1400 other women  of Lowell,
Melania A. Parker and 415 other women of county
Middlesex—all the above in Massachusetts, at¡4
for the abolition of slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia. Also, the petition of HaTiet N Hartwell
and 18 other women of Pepperell, and of Maty
Brawn and 158 other women of Chelmsford,
against the annexation of Texas to the Umon.]^^^
Mr CUSHMAN of New Ha.mpsh.re.            "^
Messrs WILLIAMS, EVANS, SMITH, and
NOYES, of Mame.
[Mr S-wim presented the petitim of the "Pott-
land Marine Society," for additional buoys near
the entrance of Portland harbor. Mame Also,
petition oí James Wyman for relief against inju-
ries received by him in the revenue cutter service
of the United States. Also, remonstrance of
ninety-five legal voters of the town of North Yar-
mouth, Maine, against the annexation of Texas to
the Union ]
Petitions were also further presented by Messrs.
GOODE, TALIAFERRO, RENCHER.and HAR-
LAN.
The CHAIR, laid before the House two Execu-
tive communications—
1 From the Astmaster General, transmitting a
list of the clerks m that Departmen
On motion of Mr HAYNES, laid on the table
2. From the Secretary of War,  in relation to
the piotection of 'he western frontlet
On motion of Mr McKAY, íeferred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs
Mr C1VIBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported a bill, making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian Department and for fulfilling treaty sti-
pulations with various Indian tribes lor the year
1838
Mr C explained as the reason v hy this bill had
no* been reported in twenty dav s, as required by
the rr'e • í ti e Ho "p in t ti- > ts in ttes from the
Department did not all come in ml ti e 17th day of
the session.
The bill was then read twice, and committed to
a Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the
tee, also reported a bill fox the
Lynch read twice and commit'ed
Mi CAMBRELENG, from he
tee, repi rted a resomtion refer' •
mates ol the Indian bureau to th'
lnt1 vi Affans vvmch «as coic '   t
Also, a si n lar íesol1' on re eir ng s.r.Jar mat-
■ers to \h" Cornell *ee on the Pos' Ofice and Post
Itoads concune I in
Also a resolution reien ins cena nma tersiher&n
referred to the Committee on Nil a  Affile
Mr C. explained wh) the Co nm'tee oí Wat?
and Means moved lheir discharge ¡rom those sub-
jects Bv a rule of tne House that comrm'tee
coul 'not report appropriations <xr ?n, object, un-
less it hid bei n authorized iy a pre-exist ng law
He aiso dre \ the at entton of the House to another
v ery excellent rule, mak ns it om of order to m"ve
any amendment for which no lau hid been passed.
Mr RENCHER frm, tbe s>mec>mmittee, re-
port d Sena e bill for the ^eUef of Timothy J Pick-
ering, with a recommendation that the san e do not
pass commifed
Mr POPE, fioip the same cornil tee, reported
a bdl making appropnatioi s foi cct t>n loads, for
the vear 18?8   íer 1 twice and c mimit'eu
Mr ATHERTON, fro-n    he san-  conmittes,
reported a bill for he reueí oí Samuel G   Walker
of Boston   read twice and ccminister*
Oi motion,
The House adjourned
same commit-
rehei of Henr
same commtt-
g ceitam esii-
Comrn ¡tee on
IN SENATE,
WEDNEsmy, January 3, 1339
The CHAIR communicated a report from the
Secretai) oí War, in obedience lo a resolution oí
the Senate, relative to ihe piotection of Indian and
otber cm grants on the northwestern Soulier;
Also, from the office of the Commissioner of
Indian Affa rs., and trom the post 0%cj Depar-
ment, specifying the number ol cierks for the year
1S37; which were severally la rt un the lablff and
ordered to h  primed
