Petitions aad memorials were presented as fol-
low ;
Jfe BUCHANAN presenteá apetitition of John
Heatey.an aged citizsn of Philadelphia, for an ap-
propriation to erect a monument to General Wash-
ington: laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, from ihe starch manufacturers of Phila-
delphia, praying the abolishment of the duties on
imported flour, the mote effectually to encourage
the domestic starch manufactory: referred to the
Committee o  Domestic Manufactures.
. Also, three ruaiaoitals from the citizens of Dela-
ware «uoty,|Pennsylvania, remonstrating against
the annexation of Texas; which" were laid on the
tafeie.;
"Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a petition for
the right of way through the public landi: referred
to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
M. WEBSTER presented the petition of Lucy
Sulfa widow and daughter of Samuel Patton one
«if the Vermont seven martyrs of the Revolution,
who was killed at the skirmish of Lexington, 19th
April, 1795: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.'
Also, of J. H. Ryan for authority to issue a pa-
teat: referred to the Committee on Patents.
Also, of Anna Leggitt, a legal representative of
a Revolutionary soldier, for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Also, from J.- W. Wells, praying for return of
sundry surplus duties paid by him: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Also, of Aaron Baldwin for similar purposes: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WALL presented the petition from Royal
Colton of Morristown, New Jersey, praying remu-
neration for property lost during the war, under
ihe circumstance of his having at the time resided
in Canada, and leaving which country to join the
American standard, his property was confiscated:
referred to the Committee on Claims, and ordered
to be'printed.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from nume-
ious officers of the United States Navy, remonstrat-
ing against the return to rank of those who have
resigned or been dismissed from the service: refer-
red to Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also of Lydia Morris for a pension: íeferred to
Committee ón Pensions."
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Eleanor
Pierce, widow of a Revolutionary soldier, for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Revolution
ary Pensions. Also, a memorial from John Lang
navy pensioner, praying for arrears of" pension un-
der the late act: referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Petitions ' ami memorials were piesented by
Messrs. WHITE, PIERCE, CLAY of Alabama,
NICHOLAS, and HUBBARD.
Mr. WEBSTER gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill refunding
duties paid on Napier printing presses.
Mr. DAVIS gave notice that he would on to-
morrow, introduce a bill to remunerate the captors
of the privateer Lydia.
Mr. SOUTHARD, from the Committee on Na-
val- Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
widow  of---------Hden:   ordered to  a   second
reading.        "     >
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, "reported a bill authorizing examina-
tion of the improvement of A. P. Qimby's safety
steamboiler: ordered to a second reading, and made
the special order of the day for Thursday next.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquiie into the expediency of alter-
ing and amending the laws, relative to the grant of
consular certifícales.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on  the Judiciary
inquire into the expediency of establishing by law
a more uniform system in the Courts of Equity.
•  On motion of Mr. TIPTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
inqmie into the expediency of making an appro-
bation for .the improvement of the navigation of
the Wabash river
OnmotiotfofMr. WALL,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of establishing, as a port
of entry, Jersey City, in the Slate of New Jersey.
Mr. YOUNG introduced a bill granting the right
of way through   the public lands in Illinois for
railroads  and other internal improvements : read
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ORDERS OP THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of James Witherell;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. John
Ramsay;
The bill for the relief of Frederick Seigle ;
The bill for the relief of Samuel Miller ;
The bill for the relief of David Stone ;
The bill for the relief of Andrew Armstrong ;
The bill for the relief of Gatano Carusi;
The bill for the relief of the. heirs of Moses
Elman ;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Peter Hel-
phenstetn ;
The bill for ihe relief of Joseph Bogy ;
The bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher and
others;
To explain and amend the act of June, 1834, for
the better organization of the marine corps;
To abolish public executions in capital cases;
To continue in force ihe acts of-July, 1832, and
March, 1833, for Ihe adjustment of private land
claims in Missouri;
Were severally read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Jordon was also read and passed ; but, on
motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the vote was reconsi-
dered and the bill laid on the table, in order that
the committee might make some amendments.
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein
named was laken up, and discussed at length. The
bill wa« advocated by Messrs. CLAY of Alabama
and KING, and opposed bv Mr. SEVIER, and
finally, on nim.on «fMr. CALHOUN, wa- Isidoti
the table, for the purpose of taking into considera-
tion Ihe special orders of the day.
MR. CALHOUN'S RESOLUTIONS.
[A slight sketch of these proceedings only is
given.   The remarks of the several speakers will
be given from timeito time, as they are prepared
from the reporters' notes.]
The resolutions having been read by the Secre-
tary,
Mr. CALHOUN said h<? did not rise with a view
to discuss the merits of the doctrines in the resolu-
tions, butlo repel thegiouud assumed bv those op-
posed to them in their peculiar regard for freedom
of speech, freedom of press, and the snored right of
petition. His chief object in urging an early action
was, that the ground taken by these resolutions
was distinctly different from that assumed by ihe
other side; and his main wish in asking that the re-
solutions from Vermont might be postponed, was a
desire to meet.thern in a manner which he deemed
most consonant with the duties he owed to the
South as an individual, and the relation he bore to
the country as a firm and unflinching supporter of
the Union. He had remarked, at the time the
Vermont resolutions were presented, that if n«
other member called them up, he pledged himself
to do su. In the mean time, be had consulted his
own mind as to the best mode of meeting the mo-
mentous subject, and had come to the fixed con-
clusion that the resolutions he had presented were
the best calculated lo fix the ground on which ail
could meet, and dispassionately and sincerely con-
sult the interests of the whole The resolutions
from Vermont were to have been presented to-
morrow; and had he retained his former opinion,
he would have voted against their reception; but
they, coming from a sovereign Slate, (and being
himself the advocate of State rights,) he should
urge a free and full discussion concerning
them, -as having a higher claim than the
petitions of infatuated individuals. As an advo-
cate of State rights, he would not feel himself
bound to vcie against hearing these resolutions,but
as a southern man, feeling his dearest privileges so
dangerously assailed, he could not vote for theirre-
ception. Thus trammelled as he was, he felt unwil-
ling to leave the field, and in order to obtain a right
to present his own views, he had prepared these
resolutions as best adapted for the purpose, by pre-
73
senting an antagonist course. His wish was
to test the entire strength of ths Senate on
the subject, and to decide whether any neu-
tral ground could be adopted, on which to
rally, aud check this dangerous and fatal doctrine.
It was the one and the only one, as ha before ob-
served, of sufficient magnitude to endanger the
Union, and this already had force enough to shake
one political system to its very centre. On one
side, there was a portion of the people of the North,
who assert and maintain that our domestic institu-
tions are sinful and immoral. On the other we
claim our institutions as secured to us underthe Con-
stituticn, which we will not suffer them to interfere
with, and there was the point at issue. On thissubject
there were two modes of action: the one to repel
attack and aggression; the other to stay the tide, if
possible, by the means he had inlroduced.
Mr. C. professed himself a firm, unflinching
friend of the Union. He was averse to making
professions, but he had on that head been, shame-
fully and grossly mi.-represeuted there and else-
where. But here was an occasion for the true
friends of the Union to come forward and shov
themselves. On this subject he wanted a direct
vole, such as was due lo the magnitude of the occa-
sion, and that Ihe wishes and feelings of all should
be known. If the resolution? were defective in
principle, let them be voted down ; if incorrect in
phraseology, let them be amended; but he would
ask those who believed lliem. coriect to give them
their cordial support.
Mr. MORRIS asked to take the vote on each
separate ameudment. The resolutions in them-
selves were, to his mind, broad, sweeping, and de-
nunciatory. What was the object of these resolu-
tions? Was it not that a free discussion on an im-
portant question should not only be discounte-
nanced, but «llencd b. a vote of that bod\ ; they
were p'riu! in iho.r boaimg, ^-pe.il-ing on une side,
and not on the other. Mr. M. for one, did
not believe that Southern rights existed antago-
nist to those of any other portion. Why talk
of attacks on Southern interests and Southern
feeling? Such sentiments might lead to geo-
graphical distinctions, but could never lead to
the peace and happiness of the whole country. Mr.
M. professed himself a State rights man, and had
as high a devotion to the Union as any one; but he
did not agree with the views of the Senator, that
this Republic was a Confederacy of separate and
independent States. He considered the Constitu-
tion to be adopted and ratified by the united voice
ot the people. Mr. M. wished to know what the
Senator from South Carolina meant by interfering
with domestic policy"? Would that gentleman con-
tend lhat because he (Mr. M.) talked of slavery in
the abstract as a moral sin, that lie should have
his rights abridged? Fieedom of speech, of the
press, and the sacred right of petition, were all
sought to be put down at tne fell swoop. If
we could not meet together and discuss subjects,
and compare conditions with others, for evil or for
good, we should, instead of progressing in our high
destiny, retrograde, and be the merest ciphers.
Was such a state of things contemplated by the
framers of the Constitution? He should think not.
Mr, M. intended to offer his resolutions as amend-
ments; he would not now do so, but intimated
his intention to press them on the notice of the
Senate hereafter. He conceived the resolutions of
the Senator from South Carolina liable to the
strongest objections, and as warring against the
dearest rights and privileges of freemen. The
memorial from Vermont had said that slavery was
considered a moral and political evil, and asked
that it might be abolished in the District of Colum-
bia; and had not that State a right to ask such a
measure at the hands of Congress if it thought such
a step would tend to the national honor and pros-
perity?
Mr. M. said when war was made on the free-
dom of speech, of the press, and the right of peti-
tion, these inalienable rights must and wou'd be de-
fended: they were Heaven's best gift to man. He
would at this time content himself with a vote on
these resolutions, reserving the right to discuss his
own as indepesdent resolutions, when they should
be brought before the Senate.
