CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
79
tioa of Mr. • IIaynes, .was refered to the Commit-
tee fur the District of Columbia.
Also, a statement from the Secretary of State of
the number of, and compensation to, the clerks in
that department; which, on motion of Mr.
HAYNES, was laid on the table;
On motion of Mr. RENCHER, it was
Ordered, That when the House adjourn- this day,
it adjourn to meet on Monday ;  .nd then, on mo-
tion,. ,
The House adjourned.
The following petitions, presented, on Tuesday
last, were accidentally omitted, in the proceed-
ings of that day :
Mr. BRODHEAD of New York presented a pe-
tition of Ein'athan Sears, of Sullivan county, New
York, for additional pension. Also, a petition of
Henry Muskeneaugh, of the county of Ulster, New
York, praying for a. pension ; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Also, a petition of 44 legal voters of the county of
Ulster, New York, to abolish slavery in the Ter-
ritories of the United States, and.especially in the
District of Columbia; which was laid on the table,
on his motion. Also, a petition of 33 legal voters
of the town of Platlahill, New York, not tó' admit
any new Stats into the Union the Constitution of
which tolerates domestic slavery.
' JN SENATE,
Friday, January 5, 18'3S.
Mr.-McKEAN presented the petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, relative to the completion of the
frigate Raritam referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
DISTURBANCE? OX THE .NORTHERN FRONTIER.
The CHAIR communicated the following mes-
sage from die President of the United Simes, on the
subject of the war in Canada:
To the Sen ■ !s and
House of Representatives of the United States:
Recent experience on the southern boundary of
the United'States, awl the events now daily occur-
ring on our northern frontier, have abundantly
shown that the existing laws are insufficient to
guard against hostile invasion, from the United
States, of the territory of friendly and neighboring
nations.
The laws in force provide sufficient penalties for
the punishment of such offences, after they have
been committed, and provided the parties can be
found; but the Executive is powerless in many
cases to prevent the commission of them, even
when in possession of ample evidence of an in-
tention on the part of evil-disposed persons to vio-
late our laws. "
Your attention is called to this defect in our
legislation. It is apparent that the Exacutive ought
to be clothsd with adequate power effectually to
restrain all persons within our jurisdiction from
the commission of acts of this character. They
tend to disturb the peace of the country, and in-
evitably involve the Government in perplexing
controversies with foreign powers. I recommend
a careful revision of all the laws now in foice,
and such additional enactments as may be neces-
sary to vest in the Executive full power to prevent
injuries being inflicted upon neighboring nations
By the unauthorized and unlawful acts of citizens
of the United States, or of other persons who may
be within our jurisdiction,   and  subject lo our
control.                                 .             ...       ..
In illustration of these views, and to show the
necessity of an early action on the part of Congress,
I sttbroifWrewith-a copy of a letter.received from
the Marshal pt the northern district of New York,
Who'Raí been directed to repair to the frontier, and
ta-te all authoiized measures to secure the fai'hful  lj
execution of existing laws.                                          i j
M. VAN BUREN.      ¡I
Washington, January .5, 1838.                              !l
The message, with  Hie accompanying papers,  |
having been read by the Secretary-1—                        i
Mr. CLAY rose'to express his full conviction of j
the necessity of some eariy actionon this important
subject. No spectacle could be more revolting to
the feelmgs of a free people, tnan a war either
among themselves or with another country. The
views,of the Executive met his highest approbation,
but it was the duty of Congress to examine, and,
if the existing laws were not adequate to prevent
the alleged interference of our citizens, ethers
should be forthwith enacted for the fu.ll accom-
plishment of an object so desirable. Mr. Cad-
verted, in connection, to the vexatious and unset-
tled slate of our Northern boundary, which state of
things tended to increase the danger which now
threatened us. He had witnessed a similar course
of policy on the part of our citizens during recent
occurrences of a similar character in another
quarter; on which subject, however, he had never
expressed his opinion, nor should he do so now.
If the people of this country choose to renounce
their citizenship, it was perhaps allowable; but any
interference with a rebellion, in a country with
which we were at peace, should meet the earliest
attention of our Government. We might, as citi-
zens, freely, and in any manner we thought proper,
express our sympathies with either belliaercnt par-
ty, but in nn case lend them aid or countenance.
He did not consider he had any right to express an
opinion relative to the course of the Canadians.
They might be right, or they might be wrong, m
the course they were pursuing. It was the duty of
every citizen to remain quiet, nor even express
opinions, till such expression had been mr.de by
the Government.
He hopul that to whatever committee the subject
might be referred, they would examine with the
greatest care and strictest scrutiny the question on
both sides. Examine whether or not the action of
our citizens had not been limited to some-disputed
territory, a whether arms, munitions of war, or
supplies, had been furnished, and which, if proved
true, such, conduct must be viewed by Government
as in the highest degree reprehensible.
He would express no opinion, nor make a mo-
tion as to thereference, but should think that either
(he Committee on the .Indiciar.' or on Foreign Af-
fair* the most appropriate.
Mr. CALHOUN had felt fiom the beginning of
the [roubles in Canada the greatest anxiety, and a
fear that it might result in difficulties to tins coun-
try. He hoped the existing laws, prohibiting the
interference of.our citizens, would be rigidly en-
forced; and if, on examination, they should He
found insufficient to meet, the exigencies (,f the
case, that new ones would be speedily enacted. He
would se' forth in the strongest light the terrible
consequence.? of a war with Great Britain at the
present time.
He urged, in the most emphatic manner, the ne-
cessity of clothing the Executive with all nepdfnl
additional power, if the laws in force were in this
respect too limited. He. rn jved the reference to the
Committee on Foieign Relations.
Mr. NORVRLL said that no portion of the peo-
ple of the United States were more deeply in-
terested m this subject than the inhabitants of the
State which he had the honor, in parí, lo represent.
Between a part of that State, and die Upper Pro-
vince of Canada, there was a river, fie dividing
line, only of one mile wide. The peaee of our
citizens in that quarter was daily and hourly ex-
posed to violation in ihe progress of this civil war
in the adjacent Province. Persons belonging lo
both of the parties in this foreign coate-1 would seek
refuge, sympathy and a«l from our people, anions;
whom there mi j, lit be individuals disposed to jeopard
the neutrality and peace of the country, in dieir
nnxiotytostrengthen the cause which 'hoy espoused.
It was exceeding! v desirable thai tlds should, if pos-
sible, be prevented. Our own rights and liberties |
were tor. p-eclous to be jeoparded in those preraa- !
ture and badly digested civil broils between j
different   pet lions    of  the   same   foreign   peo- ¡¡
p!í>. The bono,able Senator from Kentucky
had crpiessed li'o pr. pe; sentiment on this subject.
But Mr. X. \:s'\ only r.'.->eu to express his earnest
solicitude, ihtd to whateverCommtitee the Execu-
tive message might b? referred, an early and prompt
report would be made. He only regretted that in
other and previous cases of beligerent controver-
sies between different portions of other foreign
States, an equally rigid course of neutrality had
not been pursued. He knew that, so far as the
Executive had been concerned, all its-means had
been exerted to preserve our neutral position. But
the laivs were inadequate to the object, and ought
to be revised and made Miorigtr,
Sir. DAVIS most heartily concurred with the
sentiments of the Senators who had preceded him,
and alio in the views of the Executive, on this mo-
mentous subject. Congress, he considered, v/Me
under the most sacred obligations to preserve the
present pacific relations between ourselves and
fur-'igu powers. It w;fs a duty we owed to Our-
selves and to other rations, lo preserve to the utmost,
obedience to the treaties existing, and to enforce
rigidly their observance on the part of our citizens
with such nations, while with them we continue at
peaee.
It seemed to him there had been too long mani-
fested by our citizens a disposition to interfere with
the affairs of our neighbors of the frontiers, and it
would appear that the efforts of those whose duty
it was to enforce the laws had urged on and en-
couraged such measures, rather than laboring to
suppress them. He had no opinions to express re-
lative to these facts, as connected with recent diffi-
culties on our southern border, or m the affairs of
Canada. It was am liter of deep regret that the
Government had not more siriclly enforced this
dntv, and equally did he regret that th- attention of
Congress h-d not been etrlicr called to thp subject.
Some definite and decisive measures had now
become iicctssjiy, ¡n o.-tfr effectual'y to preserve
our good faith and character as a nation. If the
Executive pouer was not strong enough, by all
means enlarge it, by enacting new laws or. the
subject. Of all evils that could now befall this na-
tion, the most deplorable m its effects would be a
war with Great Britain.
We all well know the strength and power of that
coun'ry, and equally well we know that our pro-
¡tress, improvement, and success, is huta growing
weakness. He would express his thanks to the Se-
niir"- iVom K' nfieky, (Mr. f'hiv.) foi having made
nviiiou oi' our uuhapyy .liffereuri'. relative to the
leitiemont of our tioi toea-stern boimdar,'. fie
contended thai it wit  raoie forcibly evident
that < ur Government had too long slumbered and
slept on th's subject. Our difficulties would now,
on th's score, be greatly augmented. In entering
into an investigation on the subject directly before
Congress, it been me also their imperative duty
to investíanla this matter a'^o. It was due
to ihi! country to know whether Great Britain
doe-t or does not make practical use. of this dis-
puted territory. Whether, if there are not really
roads and regular mails established throughout,
it is not made of practical utility; and if, over this
same district, there have not been transmitted troops,
munit.oos nf war, and. supplies of provisions, for
trie nsj of their forces. It is not to inquire, at
ill's time, if s.ie has occupied 'he territory by a ci-
vil foice or jotisd etion, but if she has no further
made use of it than to carry troops across, her
point is gained. It is all the privilege the Govern-
ment ofGrcat Britain would ask of us. It is all
she wa'iu The territory is to her not worth hay
ing, except for such practical purposes.
After soma remarks by Mr. BEXTON ill favor
of the motion to commit, the documents were re-
ferred to the Commiltse on Foreign Relations.
Mi. MERRfCtv, the Sena'or elect from Mary-
land, appeared, was Qualified, and took his scat.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented th-; petition of
James Miller, to be. indemnified for the loss of his
plantation in the Florida war. referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
i\Ir. RIVES presented the petition of James
Morgan, for compensation for expenses incurred
m the public service i referred to the Committee oj(
Claims,
