82
fore, no instructions on that subject, bat request
that you will use your influence to prevent such ex-
cesses, and to preserve the character of this Go
vernment for good faith and a proper regaid  ior
the rights of friendly powers.
The militia will be called into the service for
three months, unless sooner discharged; and in
your requisitions you will designate the number of
mea, and tajfe care that the officers do not exceed
a due proportion.
It is deemed important that the administrative
branch of the service should be conducted, wher-
ever practicable, by officers of the regular army.
The disposition of tha force, with regard to the
points to be occupied, is confided to your discretion,
military skill, and intimate knowledge of the coun-
try; and the amount of that force must depend upon
the character and duration of the contest now going
on in Canada, and the disposition manifested by
the people and the public authorities of that colony
The President indulges a hope that outrages,
similar to that which lately occurred at Schlos^er,
will not be repeated, and that you will-be able to
maintain the peace of that frontier without being
called upon to use the force which has been con-
fided to you.
Very respectfully,
Your most obedient servant,
(Signed)                         J. R. POINSETT.
Bvt. Maj. Gen. Winfield Scott,
Washington City.
Mr. Poiwett to Gov. Marcy.
Depirtment of War,
January 5, 1838.
Sir* The territory Of the United States having
been violated by a party of armed men from the
Canada shore, and apprehensions being entertained,
from the highly excited feelings of both parties,
that similar outrages may lead to an invasion of
our soil, the President has thought oronei to exer-
cise the autnonty vestea in mm oy aw, ana call
out such a militia force as may be deemed neces-
sary to protect the frontiers of the United States
I am, in conseauence. instructed hy the Presi-
dent to request you win ca- into ne service or tne
United States, and nlace under the command? '
Brevet Major General Scott, sucn mnitiaiorce as
he may require to be employed on the Canada
frontier, for the purpose herein set forth.
Very respectfully,
Your most obedient servant,
J. R. POINSETT.
His Excellency W. L. Marcv,
Governor of JV. Y Albany, JV. Y.
[Same to his Excellency, Silas  H. Jennison,
Governor of Vermont, Montpelier, Vermont ]
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Fox
Department of Statf,
Washington, Jan. 5, 1838
Sir • By the direction of the President of the
United States, I have the h®nor to communicate to
you a copy of the evidence furnished to this De-
partment of an extraordinary outrage committed
from Her Britannic Majesty's province of Upper
Canada, on the persons and property of citizens of
the United States, within the jurisdiction of the '
State of New York. The destruction of the pro-
perty, and assassination of citizens of the United
States on the soil of New York, at the moment
when, as is well known to you, the President was
anxiously endeavoring to allay the excitement, and
earnestly seeking to prevent any unfortunate oc-
cuirence on the frontier of Canada, has produced
upon his mmd the most painful emotions of
surprise and regret. It will necessarily form
the subject of a demand for redress upon Her
Majesty's Government This communication
is made to you under the expectation that,
through your instrumentality, an early explanation
may be obtained from the authorities of Uppei
Canada of all the circumstances of the transaction,
and that, by your advice to those authorities, such
decisive precautions may be used as will render
the perpetration of similar acts hereafter impossi-
ble. Not doubting the disposition of the Govern-
ment of Upper Canada to do its doty in punishing
the aggressors and preventing future outrage, the
Congressional globe*
President, notwithstanding, has deemed it necessa-
ry to order a sufficient force on the frontier to repel
anv attempf of a like characfpr, and to make
known to you that if it should occur, he cannot be
answerable for the effects of the indignation of the
neighboring People of the United States
I take this occasion 10 renew to you the assu-
rance of my distinguished consideration.
JOHN FORSYTH
To Henrí S. Fox, Esq. &c &c
The message having been read,
Mr. HOWARD said that seeing the President,
in the conclusion of the Message, called for an ap-
propriation, he should move Us reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means, otherwise he
should have moved to refer it to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs He also took that opportunity to
inform the House that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs held a meeting on Saturday, and again this
morning, on the message referred to them on Fri-
day, but that they were not, as yet, prepared to re-
port any measures
Mr DE GRAFF called for the leading of the
accompanying documents, which was ordered, ind
the same having been read—
Mr FILLMORE inquired of the Chair if the
message just read was in response to the resolution
making a call for information on the subject of
Canada on Friday last?
The CHAIR replied that nothiag appealed in
that document to induce the belief that it was
Mr. THOMPSON moved that so much of the
Message as related to the call for appropriations
be referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the residue thereof to the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs
Mr T said he had no special preference be-
tween those committees, but it «as a matter
of infinite importance that so weighty a siljvt
should be referred to the different committees s -
lected with a view to the particular subjects to h 
brought up to their consideration He said that
it became the House to be cautious and guarded n
the extreme, for no man could tell the extremities
to which he might be disposed to go, if he suffered
his private feelings to prevail on this mo<l out-
rageous and barbarous massacre He had c n-
fldence that the matter would be properly con-
ducted by the Federal Executive, though he must
say that he looked upon the letter of Mr For^\lh
as altogether too vague. The act referred to was
a murder—a foul, wilful, deliberate, unmitigated
murder, He was as sensible as any man of the
tremendous consequences of a war between this
oountry and Great Britain The history of he
world did not present such, but still there were
circumstances in this instance that demanded the
fullest atonement,
Mr CAMBRELENG should not, m the present
position of this question, go into any debate on the
possibility or probability of a •war between this
country and Great Bntain,oron the very atrocious
circumstances now disclosed, for he considered
that it would be prematura but he rose to suggest
to the gentleman from Maryland to adopt the mo-
dification of the gentleman from South Carolina
Mi HOWARD assented to the suggpstion, and
so modified his motion
Mr. H4YNES said that he should not say one
word on the present occasion, had it not been foi
the remarks of his honorable friend from South
Carolina, (Mr. Thompson ) He stood here the
defender and apologist of no man But he was
sure, when the Secretary of State characterized the
outrage referred to as assassination, and demanded
the punishment of its perpetrators, he had used no
vague language
Mr. GRAY called for the reading ot Speaker
McNabb's letter to Mr Rogers, the District Attru-
ney at Buffalo, dated Dec 29, 1837, disclaiming
any intention to infringe the neutiality, which was
done.
Mr. FILLMORE insisted that that letter was
only m relation to Grand Island, and was no dis-
claimer of the particular act referred to, since it
was written befóte ihese outrages
Mr. GRAY did not riss for the purpose of excus-
ing the deed which was said to have been done,
but he was opposed to anj gon,r«e during the pr«
sent state of things which would have the least ten-
dency to place us in a warlike position with Great
BntdiP He thought it the duty of gen'leiaen to
investigate the facts calmly, betore they expressed
themselves so waioily, more especially at this par-
ticular period, when we were engaged m a war on
the southern frontier.
Mr. TILLINGHAST thought it extremely im-
portant that the feeling of excitement in the North
should not be further excited by discussions m that
Hail. If such a course were pursued, the people
would in all probability be misled, and infer that
something ought to be done But he thought it
impossible that gentlemen should, with all the in-
formation before them, suppose that there was any
more danger of war now than there was before the
occurrences in question took place No gentleman
knowing the high and liberal policy of Great Bri-
tain could suppose that she would refuse to dis-
countenance and deliver up those murderers, pro-
vided the fact"- alleged were properly established.
He felt persuaded that she would never sanction
such acts committed by her subjects, but, at the
same time, he considered it highly necessary that
out citizens on the frontier ought to be protected
from such attacks, and not to be left defenceless He
hoped that tnops would he sent on immediately to
pieserve the peace, and to prevent aretahation from
our own people, if possible, still more violent. But,
said Mr. T. this state of things ought to have been
foreseen more than a month ago, and measures
provided accordingly Yet the Executive had not
done so, the troops had been withdiawn to another
extremity of the Union, and the upper coasts left
entirely unprotee'ed, the people might take arms
fiom the public arsenals, or pursue any other law-
less course, without the least check upon them
But now matters had assumed such an aspect,
and tha subject come up m pioper form, he was in
fivni refenino- ->o much of it as required an appro-
pr ation to 11* Committee of Ways and Means,
an 1 the residue to tr>e Committee on Foreign Re-
lations
Mi. BRONSON regretted to see that there was
a greatei disposition to make war on the Adminis-
tration than on Great Britain He was as much
averse to a war wi'h Great Uiitain as any one, but
lie could nor lestram his surprise that gentle-
men chould come forward and throw the whole
blame of the recent occurrences upon the Adminis-
tration He would ask if the Administration had
not done all that was possible it could do under all
the ctri umstances of the case1 Was the Admims-
tiation to be blamed foi the peculiar situation of
that portion of our fiontier, and because a parly
t-oHi the other side had come over and murdered a
number of out citizens^ He contended, that until
w ithm the last thirty days there were no indications
m that quaiter which would authorize the Execu-
tive to adopt such measures as were now neces-
sarv Although there were disturbances m a dis-
tant portion of Canada, yet, until very recently,
peace reigned along the whele frontier, and there
wis no more íeason to aoprehend that troops
would be íeomred there, than that they would be
wan'^d on this side of the Potomac
It was true that the military posts had been
stripped, but had not the troops been sent to piotect
our southern and southwes ern frontier, and was
there any reason in time of peace that those gar-
risons m the north should be filled with troops,
when their services were required in another quar-
ter' Since the disturbances on the Canadian fron-
tier had broken out, it had been impossible in the
nature of things to withdraw the troops from
h londa, but the Executive had done all it was able
t> do in ailotding protection to the northern fron-
tier, and he could scarcely conceit e why gpnt'eme.i
should be-o ready to chaige the \dinimstraticn
with neglect, when, if they would but reflect on
the facts, they would see that the Department had
done all in its power. He must certainly say, that
the chaige appeared quite gratuitous.
The gentleman fiom South Carolina had spoken
of " the tameness of the Secretary of State," but
he would ask that gentleman whether it would not
be well to restrain such expressions until ail the
facts of the case should be known? It might be
that th® people and the Government of the ¥oit«(|
