84
otherwise. The note of the Secretary of State
to Mr. Fox may, and no doubt does, go as far as
is proper at this moment. If it had expressed the
purpose on the part of our Government, in the
event of the statement which we have heard read
turning out to be true, to demand the actors in this
horrible butchery to be tried by our tribunals, Mr.
T. would have regarded it as not going an inch too
far.
Mr. WISE addressed the House at some length,
and concluded by moving the previous question on
the motion of reference; which, being ordered, the
question was then taken on the main question, and
the same was agreed to, without a division.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
age from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report from the Secretary of State, as fol-
lows:
To the President of the United States:
Department op State,
Washington, Jan. 8, 1838.
The Secretary of State, to whom has been refer-
red certain resolutions of the House of Representa-
tives, bearing date the 5th instant, the last of which
requests the President " to communicate to that
House any additional information in his possession,
of acts endangering the amicable relations between
this Government and that of Great Britain, either
by the subjects of Great Britain, or by our own
citizens, on the Canadian frontier, and what mea-
sures have been adopted by the Executive to pre-
serve our neutrality with said kingdom, or repel in-
vasion from a foreign country," has the honor to
report to the President, that, excepting two papers,
•which it is understood will accompany an Execu-
tive communication to Congress to-day, all the in-
formation in the possession of this Department, as
requested by the above recited resolutions, is con-
tained in the copies of documents transmitted to
the President with the report of this date, in answer
to the second resolution of the Senate, to which the
Secretary begs leave respectfully to refer.
(Signed)                       JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. Fox to Mr. Forsyth.
Washington, Nov. 28, 1837.
Sib: I am informed by Major General Sir John
Harvey, Lieutenant Governor of the Province of
New Brunswick, that Her Majesty's 43d regiment
of light infantry is under orders to proceed from
that Province to the Province of Lower Canada;
and that, marching by the route of the Grand Falls,
and the Madawaska Settlement, the regiment will
cross a part of the territory in dispute between the
two countries.
Sir John Harvey has requested me to explain to
the Government of the United Stales, and he is de-
sirous that the same explanation should be given,
through the proper channel, to the Government of
the State of Maine, that this movement of troops,
which will probably take place in the first week of
January, is in no way whatever connected wilh
any recent occurrences in the disputed territory;
but that it is undertaken, in pursuance of superior
orders, for the sole purpose of reinforcing the British
military station in Lower Canada.
The route by the Grand Falls and the Mada-
waska Settlement has all along been made use cf
for the transmission of the post, and for other ordi-
nary communications between the two Provinces.
I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect,
your obedient and humble servant,
H, S. FOX,
Mr. Forsyth to Mr. Fox.
Department op State,
Washington, December 2, 1837.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your note of the 28th ultimo, apprizing me that
you had been informed by Major General Sir John
Harvey, Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick,
that Her Majesty's 43d regiment had been ordered
to proceed to Lower Canada, and would cross a
part of .the territory in dispute between the two
countries, about the first week in January, and that
you had been; requested by Sir John Harvey to ex-
plain to this Government, and through the proper
channel to the Government of the State of Maine,
that this movement is in no way whatever con-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nected with any recent occurrences in the disputed
territory; but that it is undertaken in pursuance of
superior orders, for the sole purpose of reinforcing
the British military station in Lower Canada.
I avail myself of this occasion to renew to you
the assurance of my high consideration.
JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. Forsyth to Governor Dunlap.
Department of State,
Washington, Dec. 5, 1837.
Sm: I transmit herewith, for the information of
your excellency, the copy of a note addressed to
the Department on the 28th ult. by ths British Min-
ister at Washington, with the view of explaining
to the Government of the United States, and
through it to that of the State of Maine, an intend-
ed movement of Her Majesty's 43d regiment of
light infantry from the Province of New Bruns-
wick to the Province of Lower Canada, which will,
probably, take place in January next, through that
part of the disputed territory on our Northeastern
frontier over which the British mail passes. This
explanation, as you will perceive, is made to the
Federal Government by the request of Major Gene-
ral Sir John Harvey, Lieutenant Governor of the
Province of New Brunswick, in order to guard
against any apprehension, in any quarter, of the
movement referred to, of British troops; and it is
now communicated to you, in accordance with his
wish. Although the necessity of explaining a cir-
cumstance so little likely to be misapprehended by
the Government or people of the United States, or
of individual States, is not apparent, the motive of
that explanation should be duly appreciated.
A printed copy of the President's annual Mes-
sage to Congress, delivered to-day at 12 in. is en-
closed.
I have the honor to be, sir,
Your obedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.
Mr. Fox to Mr. Forsyth.
Washington, Jan. 4, 1838.
Sir : I have the honor to enclose to you an offi -
cial despatch, dated the 23d ultimo, which I have
received from Sir Francis Head, Lieutenant Go-
vernor of Upper Canada.
It appears from the statement contained in this
despatch, and I lament to say that the same facts
are fully and notoriously confirmed by information
which has reached me through various other chan-
nels, that a part of the British territory of Upper
Canada is at this moment actually invaded, the
peace and safety of the inhabitants disturbed, and
the existence of the Provincial Government threat-
ened by a formidable body of armed men, pro-
ceeding from the United States, furnished with
artillery and ammunition, and fully equipped
for war. These piratical invaders, who are now
established at a point called " Navy Island," on
the Canadian side of the river Niagara, consist,
in part, of outlaws who had fled from Upper
Canada after the suppression of the late partial
insurrection; in pan also of American citizens,
and of men of other nations who have been re-
cruited for the present felonious attempt within the
confines of the United States. They are command-
ed by a native American of the name of "Van
Rensselaer. They continue openly and publicly
to procure, from a number of American towns
near to the Canadian frontier, provisions, arms,
ammunition, and all other things necessary to sus-
tain their criminal enterprise. Their strength and
numbers, and means of violence, are daily increas-
ing, by recruits and contributions raised within the
United States, in defiance of the known laws of the
Republic, in defiance, also, of the recorded wishes
and feelings of all respectable classes of the Ame-
rican people, and to the scandal of public order
and good neighborhood between peaceful nations.
I well know that the President and Government
of the United States do equally wilh myself deplore
and condemn these strange and unlawful proceed-
ings, which threaten no less a calamity than the
waging of an unprovoked war, by a portion of the
American people, against a neighboring portion of
Her Majesty's subjects, at a time when the two
people in general, and their Governments, are not
■  i-.—......i...'.-.-, T- ,.   r,  ■-  ... r   ,*■•    ' -**&.
only united in peace, but are studying to enlarge
the sphere cf a happy and beneficial intercourse,
and to strengthen the bonds of national affection
and friendship. I fee!, therefore, that I am doing
no unfriendly act in pointing out to the Govern-
ment of the United States the facts which have been
brought officially to my knowledge, showing how
the laws of the Republic are transgressed, and the
wishes of its best citizens defied, to the detriment of
a friendly and kindred people; and I solemnly ap-
peal to the supreme Government of the Republic
promptly to interpose its sovereign authority for
arresting these disorders, before they shall have
produced a train of disasters and uf national resent-
ments, which it is equally the devout wish of both
Governments to avert.
I have the honor to be, sir, with high respect and
consideration, your most obedient and humble ser-
vant.                                                H. S. FOX.
Lieutenant Governor Head to Mr. Fox.
Government House,
Toronto, Upper Canada, Dec. 23, 1837.
Sir: It is my duty to lose no time in apprizing
your excellency that the peace and security of this
Province are at llvs moment threatened, and that
its territory is actually invaded, by a large band of
American citizens from Buffalo, who have taken
up arms, and established themselves, in it hostile
manner on Navy Island, in the Niagara river, and
within the territory of Upper Canada.
Your excellency has, no doubt, learned from the
public papers that, in consequence of the insurrec-
tion unhappity commenced in Lower Canada, but
which, I have reason to believe, is now effectually
suppressed, an attempt as rash and hopeless as it
was wicked was lately made by three or four hun-
dred persons in this vicinity to involve this Pro-
vince in the miseries of civil war. In conceit
with this movement an endeavor was also made to
excite the people in another district to lake up arms
against the Government. Both these attempts were
promptly and effectually suppressed by the loyal
militia of this Province, unaided by any military
force. Most of the deluded persons who were en-
gaged in this rash and criminal enterprise have
surrendered themselves or been taken ; but the
principal leader, William Lyon McKenzie, and
some of the most active of his followers, suc-
ceeded, with great difficulty, in making their escape
to the adjoining State of New York.
It was soon reported to me that at Buffalo, to
which place these traitors fled,strong symptoms
were shown by numbers of American citizens to
aid them with men and arms, and to supply them
with other necessaries, in order to enable them to
make a hostile invasion of this Province.
That the public authorities in Buffalo and the
more respectable portion of the inhabitants would
discountenance such proceedings, I had no doubi,
and their conduct since has justified that expecta-
tion; but as it was doubtful how far they might he
able promptly to control this ebullition of hostile
feeiing towards a nation with which the United
States hold the strictest relations of amity and peace,
I immediately addressed a letter to his Excellency
Governor Marcy, at Albany, a copy of which is
herewith sent.
No reply to this has yet reached me, nor do I
know what steps, if any, have been taken on the
part of the American Government at Buffalo to
repress this hostile rising of their people.
Since that letter was written, McKenzie has been
joined by some hundreds of American citizens from
Buffalo and the adjacent villages, and they have
established themselves on Navy Island, as I have
before mentioned, with artillery and arms procured
in the United Sta.!es
The paper printed at Buffalo, which I send you,
will show the spirit in which this movement is
urged forward.
I am, of course, taking all possible means to re-
pel invasion and insult, and I believe that in a few
days a considerable military force will be at hand
to sustain our gallant militia in this extraordinary
and unlooked-for conflict.
I need not remark to your excellency how tmfair
and unjust it is that a rebellion, which, within !his
province, was so insignificant that it was instantly
