CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                  87
chasing a series of poi traits oí the five past Presi-
dents of the United States, painted bj the late Gil-
bert Stuart, for the purpose of having the same
suitably placed and preserved, either m the Capitol
ot m the Executive Mansion.
On, motion of Mr. EWING,
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Li-
brary be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing for the formation of new and accurate
indexes to the whole series of journals, reports, and
documents, since the organization of our Govern-
ment, alphabetically pointing to each subject-
matter, with the year, volume, and page of record ,
and that a letter from Thomas H Gordon, heie-
with submitted, be referred to said committee
Oa motion of Mr. W. C. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill, making appropriation for
MeAdamizmg and completing that part of the
great western mail route between Rockville and the
Monocacy in Maryland.
Resilved, That the Committee on the Library be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of direct-
ing the Clerk of this House to subscribe for ------
number of copies of such Journal or Register as
may publish regularly, and be suitable for the
Journal of proceedings and the ayrs and noes of
this House, and also the laws of Congiess, for the
purpose of distribution by the membei  ot this
House.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATF,
Tuesday, January 9, 1838
A message was received Irom the President of
the United States, by Mr A Van Btofn, his pri-
vate secretary, on the subject of the íecent inva-
sion oi our territory on the Canada fiontier, and
destruction of the lives of our citizens, by the Bri-
tish authonties of Upper Canada.
[It is the same document as that given in our
House proceedings of ye=teiday.]
The message having been read,
Mi  CL\Y of Kentucky rose, and moved that
that portion of the message which relates to an ap-
propriation  be refeired to the Committee on Fi-
nance, and that the other jiortion of it, relating to
our foreign affairs, be referred  to the Committee
on  Foreign Relation*-     While up, Mi   C said he
must take occasion to say that he did think that the
recent outrage committed on the soil of the United
States, and on the lives of its citizens, was of the
most atrocious nature in its character and conse-
quences—wholly unjustifiable, and not in. the slight-
est degree palliated by any thing which pieceded it
And, sir, (said Mr. C ) there was a chaiactcr of
deliberation attending it which aggravates the enor-
mity.   It was in the dead houi ol the night, it «as
from a shoie m a belligerant condition, and thcie-
fore m a state of constant watchfulness, it was af-
ter a state of preparation, which must have been
at least three or lour hours, showing that the coni-
niandei of the British forces was appuscd of it,
and the destination of the attacking force    It was
altogether impossible that he was ignorant of the
lact that tlvs vessel was lying  quietly at anehn
within om jurisdiction, and therefoic in a condi-
tion which could not justify an attack     It w as un-
der all these  circumstances  that the  attach was
made     Neither the people of th  United Stales, m
the aggregate, nor those m the immediate  ncish-
boihoud of the distuibed district, nor the Govern
menl of the United States, had done any thing to
justifv this most unparalleled outage     1 want no
furtner evidence (said Mr   C ) ¡h.ui thit now pre-
sented to me, to ¡>tt,-fy me that  there .s nothing to
justify it     It Wf s to Le resetted (Mi  C sin1) thit
in oui own hisioiy examples had been furnished
by which this outrage might be palliated     With-
out, however, adverting to them,  oi  to any recent
occurrences, he would only say that the ttue ground
for a great nation to  place itself on, was tha* of
justice; that it should respect the rights of all na-
tions, the weak as well as the powerful, and to ab-
stain fr mi all acts which might hereafter be brought
up as precedents against them     While he made
these remarks, he by no means wished to be under-
stood as desiring to kindle up a spmt of war be-
tween this country and Great Britain, though he
thought that ample, prompt and full indemnity
should be given us. He should, as much as any
man, deplore a war, but, looking to the vast re-
sources of our couniiy, the valor of our citizen ;,
and our achievements in former times, he would
not fear the result. If (said Mr. C ) it should be a
wai with Great Britain, he would deeply demore xt;
but in this cause it would be a just war, and he
would be ready to meet it With the present
friendly relations between thiscountiy and Great
Britun, with the exeeption of the íecent occurren-
ces in the northeast, he did not see any cause to ap-
prehend it
Mr CALHOUN expressed his hopes that, in
this early stage, and before we were fully advised,
that no attempt would be made to excite the feel-
ings of the public by debating the subject, which
must be the natural result of such a course He
had hoped that all the papers relative to thr im-
portant matter would be caiefully examin d before
taking further steps.
The late difficult.es on our frontier might, by
any reasonable person, have been anticipated.
There are so many ties which necessarily bm1 the
feelings of the population on either and both sides
of the boundary line on that part of om frontiers,
which has been the scene of bloodshed and outiage,
that any attempt by either Government to oppress
such population, would call forth the sympathies of
the other, and in case of any movement in Canada,
what could we expect but that our citizens would
take part with the inhabitants, even though their
wrongs were but pietended, in case due care was
not taken by Government to prevent such íntei-
feience''
What more distressing event could come thin a
wai between two such nations as Great Bulan
and the United States1 The human mind c mnot
conceive of a greater calamity And thi-. may be
averted by a careful examination of all the lacts
on both sides of the subject as now prevented for
oui consideration Many wrongs may have been
committed by oui citi/ens of which we are now
unadvised, and many palliations m?v be piodticed
in favor of the othet side
We must levelse the Older of theques ,on
Suppose an attempt was made bj the S at e o
New York to rebel against, and overturn the Go
veinment of this country. The rebels ueie joined
fiom the Canada side \ rendezvous established,
pei chance al Navy Island
Boats were constantly employed n supply mg,
fiom the opposite shore, the enerm at such post
with aims, ammunition, and piovisions Should
\\ e so hastiH and deeply condemn the conduct ot
the commanding officer of our Government, weie
he to cut out, seize, burn, and destioy such a boat?
Should we then be as íeady to gra'it, as «e now
are to demand redress i or should we not ralhei, in
íeply to such demand, wish time u> invistióte,
and deliberately examine, all the causes lea U ig 10
the commission of the outrage''
It would, in his opinion, be time enough to dis-
cuss the question after the report of the Committee
on Foreign Relations should have been heard We
should be then better advised as to a future course
of conduct. Mr C. implored the Senate in tne
consideiation of this subject, not to alopt any íaJí
oi ha-ty measures
Mi BENTON said that before r-is quest.on
went out of the Senate, he trust be p=nn ted to
say a solitary word ausmg om ol it \ statement
1 had been made on the othei si le or tne chamber,
(by Mr Clay,) which he was unwilling should go
I ith to the world unconiralic'ed Aftti charac-
teii/mg this outrage in ven appn pnate lancnage,
and in a mannei becoming an Amcnt-in, the
membei said, as it had caught his e-is, that " this
outrage had a precedent m our conduct towards
other nations ' Now,lest theButish shoind derive
-n excuse foi it, from hearing it said in this cham-
bei, mat an example for this outage had been
given by oui Government, he (Mr B ) wcull lake
this occasion to say, emphatically, that he knew of
no such example to be found m oui history.
A report iiom the Secretary of the Treasury, in
conformity with a resolution of the 5th instant,
specifying fhp amount and character of the Trea-
sury note  issued under the law of the last «ession,
having been read,
Mr WEESTER remarked, he should move ih 
srintuw ot me reoorc, ana should hereafter mive
■is rerereDc- - tr-e Committee on Finance. At the
,asi session me issue m Sties* Treasury notes had
neen autnoiized bvlaw, and when the bill was on
its nassage. it was then t>roposed that the same
should bear no interest, and a movement was made
to strike out the clause specifying the interest
This plan, however, did not succeed, and the issue
was authorized with interest.
The rate of interest to be fixed upon the notes
was left to the discretion of the President, with the
proviso that such rale should not exceed six per
cent.
The friends of the measure uiged its adoption on
the giound that it was a good mode of securing a
loan to Government. It seemed, from the report,
that some of the notes had been issued on mieiest,
at the rate of six per cent, and otheis at the mere
nominal rate of one rmll Ii was on this point he
should hereafter expiess his opinion, and inquire
whether, in this respect, the Secretary had per-
formed his dutv, according to the spirn of the law
Nor was this all. He should inquire into the man-
ner m which these notes had been disposed of, an I
hern w'-> ! ' vgpeat ihf* oua^uoi he so often put t
„il Kt t iessi>-r txe* f ■- man voluntan^ re
ceive a less r>ei centaee than tne amits of the law
allows mm'1 ft «-.,nW nu\ n .. . rf-eiv  foi a debt
<\.ne five pe*" ~cm ess laMt aai wi en ,.,<* wav enti-
tled t« par!
jTnese pervnv> mtob tvoluntaulv receive this de-
pcciated papci, ramei Man suirendera valuable
contract, witboo wWb =ucb onnDacts could not
be fulfilled,} c mey >out& empecí inedifference to
be made up from some quarter, and how was tMs
difference to be ebtained
W.iy all heavy contiactors will, oí course, com
to Congress with their petitions, and demand, and
of right expect, remuneration for this loss oi differ-
ence. He had already been fiequentiy applied to
to petition for an appropriation for this purpose
He should take an early dav to inquire ol the
Committee on Finance, the expediency of amend-
ing the law so as to meet these exigencies
A   report    relative   to   the business of   the
General Land Oflice for the prssent jear, laid on
the table, and ordered to be punted, with, on ran
tion, an addition of 10(10 copies
The CHAIR piesented a communication iron
the War Depa tment, unbracing the íeport ot I.'
Second Auditor, of the expenditures for the mili-
tary service for the yeai 1837, also a repoit of th^
surveys, by Col. Long, of the Wesern and Atlan
tic railroad severally laid cm the tabic, and or
dered to be printed
Petitions were presente d
By Mr McKCAN
By Mi   BUCHANAN, ol cii zens of Philadel-
phia, remonstrating against the discontinuance o<
the express mail    lefened to the Committee on the
Post Office, &c     Also, ot the same, praying for an
appropriation for the completion of ihe frigate R in
tan   referred to the Committee on Naval Affai
Also, oi sundry importers of hardwaie of Philade1
phia, far the repeal of the  act of July, 1832, .m-
posmg duties on certain  imports   referred to the
Committee on Finance    Also, ol citizens of Penn-
sylvania, for alteration in the moil routes íeferred
to  the Committee on the  Post  Office and  Post
Roads 1
By Mr NORVELL of Michigan
By Mr ROANE, of certain Revolutionary so1-
diers for Pension'-   leieired to  the Commitot on
Pension .
By Mr WRIGHT, of tne New Yoik Chambu
of Commerce, lemons'rating against the repeal oi
the pilot laws of the 11 t sessvon   referred  to tne
Committee on Com nerce
By Messrs HUBBARD and RUGGL^S
By Mr KING, of san 1 y  importing   inetchi Hi
of the city of Mobile, for an extension of a nam
custom-house bonds, and for the remission ot lees
paid by them where suits have  been commenced
referred to the Committee on Finance
By Mr CLAY of Alabama.
