88
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEL
By Mr. YOUNG, of 400 citizens of Cooke co.
Illinois, for alteration of mail routes. Also, of 90
citizens of Pike county, for the same: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YOUNG gave notice he should to-morrow
introduce a bill authorizing the sale of certain lead
mine lands, in Illinois.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY,
The bill providing for the better security of life
and property on board of steamboats, was made the
order of the day for Monday next.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee,
reported a bill establishing a Surveyor General's of-
fice in Illinois: ordered to a second reading.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims, reported adverse to sundry
petitions for relief.   Adopted.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Relations, reported a bill to enforce the laws
relating to the neutrality of the United States.
Mr. BUCHANAN after the reading of the bill,
remarked that he would not name any particular
day when he would call up the bill for considera-
tion; but, from its importance, he would urge upon
the Senate the necessity of acting upon it at an
early day as possible: ordered to a second reading.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported:
A bill granting commutation pay to Isaac Bron-
son;
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. Thomas
Carter, deceased; and
A bill for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of William Jones, late of the State of Mary-
land, deceased.
Mr. NORVELL, from the same committee,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of John
and Henry Fulford ; which was laid on the table :
and also moved to discharge the said committee
from the further consideration of the petition of the
representatives of George Gilmer, deceased. The
motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
reported sundry bills for the relief of persons there-
in named: severally ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the communication
of the Secretary of War on the subject, reported a
bill for the relief of the Great and Little Osage In-
dians. [The bill provides for the immediate pay-
ment of the appropriations or annuities due to the
tribe for the year 1838.]
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
The bill was read twice and ordered to bo en-
grossed for a third reading.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of a large
number of citizens of Kent county, Maryland, re-
monstrating against the agitation of the subject of
abolishing slavery in the District of Columbia.
Laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the increase of the army
of the United States. Read and ordered to a se-
cond reading, and to be printed.
The unfilushed business of Saturday, the con-
sideration of Mx¡Calhoun'sresolutions, was then
resumed.              x.
The resolutions ei-Mr. CALHOUN were then
taken up, and the fourth resolution after being
modified in its phraseology, was passed by a vote of
34 to 5, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert,
Pulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Lumpkin, Lyon,
Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Preston, Rives,
Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Strange, Walker, White, Williams, Wright, and
Young—34.
NAYS—Messrs.   McKean, Morris,   Frentis-s,
Smith of Indiara, and Swift—5.
The debate vvasfurther continued until 3 o'clock;
when
ThéSenate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wbdsesday, January 10,1838.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas Sinnard.
Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee, from the same
Committee, reported a bill for the relief of Archi-
bald R. S. Hunt.
Mr. YELL, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported Senate bill, without amendment,
to revive an act entitled an act authorizing certain
soldisrs of the late war to surrender thsir bounty
lands, and to locate other lands in lieu thereof.
Mr. TOUCEY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of Benjamin
Pry.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of William Sanders
and William R. Porter.
Also, a bill to change the time of holding th<=
spring terms of the Circuit Court of the United
States for the eastern district of Virginia, and of
the District Court of the United States for the east-
ern district of Virginia, directed by law to be held
in the city of Richmond; which was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading to-day.
At a subsequent stage of the proceedings, this bill
was read a third time and passed.
Mr. TURNEY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Thomas Cook.
Mr. RARIDEN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of James
Minnie.
Mr. R. also made an unfavorable report on the
petitions of Charles A. Gngnon, and on the petition
of James Akm; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CHEATHAM, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Mary Shepard, and
other heirs at law of Captain Frederick M. Bell,
deceased.
Mr. LEADBETTER, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the lelief of Zebulon Sheetz.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affaires, moved to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the report of the Secretary of War,
accompanying the President's annual message; and
that the same be referred to the Committee on Mi-
litary Affairs.
Mr. BELL wished to know the grounds for
making this motion.
Mr. McKAY replied that, by the rules of the
House, one of the duties of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs was to take charge of all matters in re-
lation to the military defence of the country. Now,
they were in the second month of the session, and
nothing of a public nature had as yet been referred
to that committee. The annual report of the Se-
cretary of War, which contained all the recommen-
dations that, in his opinion, should be adopted by
Congress—that report was contained in the Presi-
dent's Message, and, with that document, was then
before the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. Now, the House very well knew the
present condition of the country, and if it was in-
tended that any action should be had on subjects so
important, it was time the reference should be
made; for, he repeated, the committee had noth ng
before it but private claims; not a single object of
inquiry of a public nature, with the exception of one
for extending the pension system. Among the recom-
mendations were those for the defence of the west-
. ern frontier, and the increase of the army, and
though he would not say it was probable the com-
mittee would concur in them, still, as they had
been urged from time to time by the Executive, it
was due to him that they should be taken into con-
sideration. Because the matter was referred, or
because the committee asked the reference, it did
not follow that they would report in favor of all, or
even any one of the recommendations.
Mr. BELL said if it should be thought by the
House that there was any thing peculiar, or any
thing pressing, in the nature of the public service,
requiring the reference asked for, he should have
no objection to it; but it appeared to him that there
was no greater urgency in this case than might be
alleged by other standing committees having charge
of subjects alluded to in the Message.
The main reason, however, of Mr. B's objecting
to this proposition was; because he was aware
that, to some extent, there was a disposition to
press the question of a great increase of the regular
army immediately, and it was to resist,,so far as.
lay in his power, this mode of action upon thai
subject, that he rose to ask for an explaoatioa of
the honorable chairman of the Military Commifteí,
The House would remember that the late increase -
of the army—and they must not forget that flsiy
had had an increase—was voted upon a very slight
examination, scarcely a gaze, by the House; afl4
that was an increase, too, of from five to upwards
of seven thousand men, perhaps, altogether. .The
House would also remember the circumstan-
ces of the panic, or the allegations that were
made upon that occasion, which were thought
sufficient to justify that departure from the for-
mer policy of the Government. Not only that,
but they authorized the Executive to call out ten
thousand men upon an emergency, and they all
knew how this power had been used by the Execu-
tive. Now, Mr. R. protested against any mode of
acting upon this subject which should be precipitate.
He did not mean, however, to express an opinion
against some increase of the army, but the increase
proposed was an extraordinary one, and was pres-
sed with extraordinary circumstances, being a
proposition to increase the standing army to some
fifteen thousand men. It was true the gentleman
said the Committee might not adopt those recom-
mendations, but the House all knew thai there
was a general disposition to do so, and out of doors
it began to be talked about as if the bill had already
passed.
But the gentleman from North Carolina, (Mr.
McKay,) adverted to other questions, and appeal-
ed to the House to know if it desired the cotamit-
tee to take charge of measures for the western fron-
tier. Did the gentleman allude to the Canada fron-
tier? If he did, could he expect any action on the
part of that committee, even the House itself, orsnf-
ficient to repress the disorders or arrest the difficul-
ties on that border? Did he allude to the condi-
tion of the western frontier as of one likely to be
immediately critical? If so, the House had no
proof of the fact before them. Even were it so,
what ought to be done? What was the condition
of the regular army? Almost wholly withdrawn
from our whole frontier, and concentrated in Flori-
da, and the only remedy would be undoubtedly te
recall one-third of them.
On this point Mr. B. begged to state that, for
one, before he should be prepared to act on the
proposition, which he expected to be brought for-
ward, to augment our army by some seven or
eight thousand men, he should urge the propriety of
calling upon the most experienced officers in the
country—men who had spent the better portion of
their lives on the Western frontier—to know if-
there was an indispensable necessity for it,
and to ascertain whether it was or was not their
opinion that a reform in the head of the army at
this city was not more greatly needed. He should
urge upon the House the necessity of aa examina-
tion, for their own satisfaction, before a committee
of this House, of the experienced working men of
the army—men who had seldom visited this city,
but had spent fifteen or twenty yeasswestof the
mountains. He wanted to hear from them where
the defect was: whether in the troops, their number,
the number of regiments, quality of the material of
the army, etc; or whether the defect did not exist
elsewhere. In conclusion, unless the gentleman
should state the necessity of immediate action upen
some of these sabjects,"Mr. B. should suppose the
regular course would be that this portion of the
Message should take its turn with the rest; for he
saw, at present, no reason forgivingit a preference.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked that it seemed
to him the gentleman himself had furnished to the
House a very powerful argument in support of the
proposition before it. The gentleman appears to .
admit the necessity of doing something for the de-
fence of the frontier, though he appears to differ
from the War Department, and is against an in-
crease of the army. He then tells them that he"
himself requires an examination, and admits it to
be very proper that an examination should take
place in the Committee of Military Affairs.
Where, then, can be the objection to the motion
now pending? They had been already in session -
six weeks; and Mr. C. appealed to every gentleman
