92
practice of sending the Sergeant-at- arms with checks
to the bank, was contrary to law, and formed no
part of duty. After members had received their
checks, it was their duty to 30 to the bank them-
selves. He alluded to the time already elapsed, and
saw no reason for postponement. He was in ia-
ver of an immediate reference of the subject to a
select committee.
Mr CRAIG was. 111 favor a reference.
Mr McKENNAN believed that the Sergeant-
at-arms was faithful and honest in the perform-
ance of his duty, but the motion to postpone would,
in his opinion, be the means; of bringing the mat-
ter to a much speedier termination than an imme-
diate reference to a committee. He had been in-
formed by one of the directors of the bank that at
that time a laborious investigation was making on
the^subject, and it was probable that a íeport
would be speedily made The peculiar state of
the facts rendered it necessary that there should be
a caieful investigation. He was mfoimed that
this was the first instance when a mistake had oc-
curred between the Sergeant-at-arms and the
bank. It had also been customary for the bank,
in all former cases, to send a cleik with that officer
to assist him in counting the money, but it this in-
stance, it had unfortunately been omitted Under
such circumstances, when an investigation was go-
ing on at the bank, and there was every prospect
of a speedy íeport, he was sure that the House
would see"m the propnety of postponing the subject
until Tuesday.
Mi BOULDIN said that some suggestion had
been made that this matter ought to go the Com-
mittee foi the District of Columbia. He said that,
as chairman of that committee, it might be proper
for him to remark, he could not see what that com-
mittee had to do with the subject in its present si-
tuation, or «hat any committee could have to do
with it in this shape. If the Sergeant-at-arms
thought proper to trust the bank to count his money
for him, without recounting u, it was a confidence
either well or ill-placed. If ill-placed, Mr B did
not know what we could do, if well-placed, it was
the same The bank, he said, was no way respon-
sible to the House.
II the Seigeant-at-aims wished his conduct m-
quned into, he had no objection, but he had heard
nobody charge him with any thing. His trusting
the bank to count his money for him was no very
extraordinary thing, nothing to impeach the con-
duct 01 character of the Seigeant-at-arms, the bank
being, at the lime, 111 good credit and respectability.
Mi. B said there was one point of view in
whieh this matter might lie properly the subnet
of investigation If the bank in question w ish to
obtain a renewal ol their chaiter, which will shortly
expire, it would be very material to know w nether
they have or have not accounted promptly and
fairly and openly with then customeis
After "ome brief ternaries from Messrs HEED,
BOND, and MARVIN,
Mr JOHNSON" of Mai viand moved to amend
by increasing the mimlei ol members com,) muí 
the committee lo íive
Mr. BRONSON moved the pieviousqucstu 11 ci
the motion as amended, but subsequently withdiew
it.
The question irn then taken on the motion to
postpone until Tuesday, and 1 ejected
The question reaming on ilif motion lo refei to
a Mjleet committee,
Mr WHITTLESEY moted to amend by ad-
ding the following instructions
"Willi powers to send for pp.sons pnd papers,
and to inquire into the allegamos cet forth tt eiPin,
and into the manner of disbursing the money, and
whelher eirors and mistakes w le comm ited, and
to what extent any weie made, by the Seigeant-at-
arms in paying the money ai the said sisa on of
Congress "
These instructions weie agreed to, an! so
amended thi resolution wis adopted
Mr. McKAY, from fh  Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill lor the relici 01 W S, Col-
quhoun
Mr. LEWIS of Alabaren, on leave, pie-ented
several memorials,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following, viz:
Bill for the relief of James Bailey.
Mr. BOON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported Senate bill, entitled an "act autho-
rizing the States to tax any lands within their li-
mits sold by the United States," accompanied with
a statement that the bill had come from the Senate
without the signature or usual aIteiat on of the Se-
cretary of that body, and a resolution that a mes-
sage be sent to the Senate notifying them of the
omission, which resolution was concurred in
Mr. THOMAS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported the Senate bill, without amend-
ment, entitled " An act to ratify and confirm cer-
tain oflicial acts of John Pope, late Governor of
Arkansas."
Mr. T. moved its engrossment; which, after
some explanation by Mr. POPE, was ordered; and
then the bill was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ROBERTSON, from the same committee,
repoited a bill making further compensation to
clerks in the district courts of the United
States.
Mr CORWIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill tor the relief of Thomas M'Clellan
and James Smith
Mr. MUHLENBERG, from the Committee on
Revolutionaiy Claims, reported Senate bill, with
dii amendment, for the lelief of the heirs of Major
Peter Heluhenstine.
Also, a bill for the relief of Simeon Summers.
Mi. CRAIG, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Thomas Jett.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Thomas Sumpler.
Mr UNDERWOOD, from the same commitlce,
reported the following, viz
A bill to authorize the issuing of land warrants
in ceitain cases
A bill to authorize the payment of seven years'
half-pay fo the widows and childien of certain oi-
ficers in the continental bne
A bill loi the relief ol the heirs of Marshal Ro-
chambeau.
All the above bills,  with the exception slated,
were read twice, and committed
AMENDMENT OP THE CONSTITUTION
The following lesolution submitted by Mr
WISE on the 2dmst was then taken up
"Resolved, That a committee to consist of------.—
members be appointed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of so amending the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States as to pioinbit ihe appointment of mem-
bers ot Congress to Executive oliices during the
time for which thev are (lectod Senatois or iiepie-
sentalives, and th* time of two years thereafter "
Mi BELL mo* <'d to fill the blank with ' nine,"
which was agieed to, a.id the resolution vas tn 0
agreed to
The following, offered by Mi LAWLER of Vh-
bama, on the lith of Decembei, was then taken up
Resolved, That it is expedient to reduce, accoid-
mg 10 some equitable scale of graduation, ttie price
ot such poitions of ihe pub'ic lands as will not sed
within a reason jok luiglhel time at one eloliai
and twenty-lite c< nts peí aere, and that the lamls
which cannot bP Sl ¡¿ ats ich reduced puc^s, after
being so offered for the term ol — ycais, should
be relinquished to t'ie Slatesseverali} 111 «Inchthey
are situated.
Mr MERCER suggested that, inasmuch as the
Committee on .he Public Lands had ilieadv te-
poited a hill embracing ihe objects of this lesolu-
t on, which t, a cemmilted to a Commi'lee of the
Whole, it h?d better be leferred to the same Com-
mittee ot the Whole
Mr LAWLKR assenting to the su'gestión, the
lesolution was thus dispensed of
Tne following, submit ed by Mr CHAMBERS
of Kentucky, 01 the 18th ol Decembei, was tak\i
up and agreed to
Resolved, Tnat the Secietanes of State, Treasuiy,
War and Nat v, be dneeted seteially to report to
this House the amount of postage paid on letters
and papers ttansimt'ed from their re«¡pecuve de-
partments by the Express Mail, since its insti-
tution.
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be di-
rected to inform this House whether, in estimating
the amount of money received for postages on let-
ters and papers transmitted by the Express Mail, he
includes any estimate of postages on letters or pa-
pers transmitted by that mail from himself or any
officer or officers of his Department, having the pri-
vilege of franking through the ordinary mail, and
if so, what amount of postages on letters and papers
from his Department are so mclifded, or is subject
to be included, from the first establishment of the
Express Mail.
The following, submitted by Mr. MONTGO-
MERY of North Carolina were taken up.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House—
1st The whole amount of public lands belong-
ing to the United States sold since they were ceded
tu the United States; exhibiting the Bert proceeds,
and distinguishing between those which have been
■sold within the limits of the different States and
Territories.
2d The whole amount of public lands which
have been surveyed and exposed tosalem the seve-
ral States and Territories, and showing the amount
sold and the amount remaining to be sold, accord-
ing to the last returns.
3d. The amount which has been actually pa-
tented in bounties to the Aimy of the United
States.
4th. The amount granted to each of the States
and Territories, and for what purpose.
5th The amount set apart 01 reserved fot schools
and other purposes in the several States and Tern-
tones
6.h. The amount granted in donations for the
cultivation of the vine and ©live, and for other pur-
poses, to Gen. Lafayette!.
Mi. MERCER moved to add the words distin-
guishing each year, which Mr.Montgomery accept-
ed as a modification, and, so amended, they weie
asreed to.
"The following, submitted by Mr. MALLORY on
the 18th of December, was taken up
Resetted, That the Secietary of War be directed
to cause a continuance of the survey for an inland
route between Charleston, S. C and Norfolk, Va.
(authorized by an act of the last Congress,) begin-
ning at the northern termination of the Dismal
Swamp Canal, and extending to Himpton Roads,
and also the country between the Canal and Gos-
port, with a vie* to ascertain the expediency of
continuing the canal to that place, onmpiovmg the
river.
Mr. CAMBRELENG and Mi MERCER seve-
rally suggested that the resolution be referred to
some committee to inquire into the expediency of
authorizing such a survey, and the latter gentleman
moved its reference to that on Roads and Canals,
which, after a few words fromJVIr MALLORY,
was agieed to
The following, submitled by Mi SLADE on
the 18th ultimo, was then tiken up
Resolved, That the Secretaiy of the Treasury be
d íectcd to lay before th.s Hem e a statement,
showing the number of acres ef the public lands
whuh have been puichaseel under laws granting
the ii°ht of pi-p eruption, distinguishing the several
laws undd wmch, and the seteial States asd Tei-
ritorie^ in which such pululaseshave been made
And that he also be directed to comnuumeate any
information which may be in possession of his De-
piitment touching ant associations which may
luve been framed by intruders on public lands, foi
Ihe purpose of a lj Haling then relatite rights of oc-
cupancy , and putting down competition at the pub-
'ic sa'es of such lands
Mr LYON understood that the clerks in the
Li.id Of! "p hrd been engaged for some time m
prepannga response,embracing all ihp points re-
te red to in the above, to a simi'ai resolution
adopted at the last session, he theicfoie saw no
necessity foi adopting the present, and moved its
postponement, which was agreed to.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
The following, submitted by Mr. ADAMS, also
on the 18ih, was then taken up.
