94
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
He would, under the circumstances, have been
very cautious how he stated a fact of this kind,
when it was not at all material to his purpose or to
the question He might have stated the fact that
such a pamphlet had been published, and might
have made his argument ñom it, without telling
this House and nation how he obtained the know-
ledge. But he has thought proper to put it into his
report, and send it by the President to Congress.
I can see no motive in this but to influence the
-- minds of the American people against Mexico. - -
Under these circumstances, I hope that the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs will not
persist in his endeavor to screen the foreign minis-
ter here referred to irom the gaze of this House
and of this people, for here, in my place, I pio-
nounce the act charged upon him by the Secretary
a worse and more atrocious outrage than the publi-
cation of the pamphlet I do not justify the punt-
ing of the pamphlet, but I do say that that foreign
minister, who took it upon him to communicate
th:s pamphlet, With an expression of his surprise
and disgust, was guilty of a greater outrage, as
well upon the United States as upon Mexico, than
Mr. Gorostiza I hope the honorable chairman
will not attempt to screen him. Let ns know who
he was. He is accredited here as a minister of
peace. It is lmpoiitur il at he should be known
by name to Congie^s, to ihis countn , and to t >e
world; for we must remember that all we do in
relation to this Mexican Republic is d( ne not only
before Mexico, but m the tace of the civi izt d .<'orld
There is another reason why I wis i toh .ie 'lie
name of this individual, and which induces me 'o
hope that the chairman of the Commntee on Fo-
reign Affairs will not insist upon its beirg with-
held There is a rumor very curient in th s c ty,
and which has at length made its way to the public
paners—I had myselt heaid it long before—'hit
there is a tore «,n number resident here, (E sha1]
not name him,) who had to'd a number of persons
m this city that he d.d communicate the p,imphlet
m question to our Secretaij, but who positively
denies that he expressed eitner surprise or disgust
on the occasion. 1 wish to brin.* tnese two hi°h
functionar es into the presence of one another, rnd
let us see where the truth lies Let us rtmeml er
that the character of that individual, as a fore *n
minister resident near our Government, we aie
bound to protect As to the mere communicant n
of a copy of the pamphlet, it is in itself an indifie-
rent act I do not sa> that in that act, in lLe'f
simply considered, there was the smallest degree of
impropriety, but, when w e consider that the nloe
statement amouwsto a duect charge on his mmal
character, that it infers treachery tow aid one who
had confided in him, and a disposition to kind'e
war between two naUons in whose affairs he h id
no right to intermeddle, the matter has a different
aspect Let us have the tacts Let us have the
name of the minister Let the parties be confro t-
pd, and then let us see whether that minister u 11
come forward and avow that he did express the
s°ntimt nls here attributed to him , that he did pi j
♦he part of an mtotmer, and an milamer of w?-.
Tint man I want to see , and i say rgam, let h in
be confronted with the man who has thus brought
him before Congress. The character ofaforeim
mini 'er is implicated, and I want mfo mation ICe
is said to have very freely told to more than one
individual that he did communicate th  pamphlet,
but to have positively and utteily denied any ex-
pression oí surprise or disgust. I hope thehono a-
ble chairman will not persist in his motion, but if
he does, then I do invoke all the independent sprit
in th s House not to igree with him It is a mat-
ter which concerns tins nation, which concerns the
peice of Mexico, w h th c^ncpins the peace of the
no Id.
Mi HOW RD mk1 that 1"  coul I not, for a
moment, thi ik ef withdrawing his motion, he hid
heard nothing to convince him of the piopuetv of
doing so. If the House chose to retam the clai >e
calling for the name of this individual, they wouid,
of course, do so, that was a matte- for them *o
determine; but Mr. H must regulite hs owa
course by his own views of propnetv As to ne
pamphlet itself, (said Mr H.) I have no gunt
objevtion that the gentleman from Massachusetts
should call for a copy, though it seems to me very
unnecessary, because the book is sold in the public
book stores, and I have no doubt as many copies
can be obtained as any gentleman desires I pur-
chased one for myself last winter. But if the gen-
tleman thinks that that which purports to be a
translation was not in reality such, and he wishes a
translation made, I «hall not oppose it I have no
wish to use harsh language toward any man, but
I am compelled by tiuth to say that a more atro- .
cious libel on the people and Government of the
United States never was published. This is my
deliberate opinion. I read the book with feelings
of indignation, which even now arise anew m my
bosom, thought it is months ago. Yet that is the
pamphlet which it was attempted insidiously to cir-
culate among al! the civilized poweis oí the world,
by a man who took advantage of his public situa- -
tion to perpetrate such an act
The gentleman talks about a violation of confi-
dence. Where is there the slightest ground to be-
lieve that the least degree of personal confidence
or friendship existed between that man and the in-
dividual to whom he gave * wo copies of his pam-
phlet' Wheie is the proof I know of none It
would appeal that copies were given to all the fo-
reign ministers Was Mr Goroswza m hah ts of
strict confidence and personal friendship with all
of them? The individual who communicated the
pamphlet to our Secretaiy of State did what it was
his cluty to do as the representative of a friendly
power At least there is no doubt that he thought
sj Yet the gentleman from Massachuse'ts wishes
to drag him up befoie this House as an mcendiaiy,
who was occupied in blowing the coal  of discord
between two natnns 4nd, while he ieprei.ents
the act of communicating this pamphlet as a be-
trayal of confidence, (of which there is no evi-
dence,) at the same time he does not pretend to
justify the publication of the pamphlet, he e\press-
1} declared that he could not juslify, and nerhap^
not even palliate it Now, ought not this Govern-
ment to know when an appeal full of the foulest
falsehood is clandestinely made to the representa
fives of all other Governments against its acts'!
Should not a Government, undet su^h circum-
stances, be warned by the minister of a friendly
power' Was. it not fit that the representatives of
this Government should be appuzed of this under-
handed, secret attempt to take awat our fair fame'
Yet the gentleman, for this, insets upon confront-
ing him with theSecietary ot State, and declares
the act of making «.itch a communication a more
atrocious outrage thin the publication of the pun-
phlet Supposing it to he so, what does the gentle-
man want to do? Does he seek to embroil that mi-
nister and his Go\ernment with the Government
of Mexico, as if there were not already quairels
enough in the world' He wants to hold him up to
publie scorn and reprobation, and, I suppose, to
make his Government responsible for his conduct,
thus increasing our difficulties w ith other power*.
Why should we do tin ' Has this House any
doubt as to the tiuth of the fact stated by the Seore-
tarj' If that gentleman is to be put upon a pub-
lic trial on a question of veiacitj, that is a different
affair
If the House has any doubt, let them investigate,
but if they believe the Secretan of State (an officei
of this Government whose word is not hkeiy to be
doubted,) why should they, without autnonty, be-
cause there is a rumor that some public minister
has said something to somebody at som  t me, and
some letter-wntei has caueht it up, and it has ap-
peared on anon} mo is authority in some paper,
pass a vote which implies a doubt of his ve-acity'
Newspapers seem to have risen in'o vast magni-
tude and importance of ale
As to the condition of on d sp ite w ith Mexico,
and the clause to which die  ei "i i p has >l''ided
m ths Message of the Píen tul, I ha e on'v to say
that that subject is not now before this House It
will be in due time, and I feel desnons that it
should come up for discussion I have heard this
Administration denounced as being the true cause
of our Canadian troubles, from the course it has
pursued towards Mexico, and I have heard it open-
¡v declared on this floor that our Government has
disgraeed the country/   I hold gentlemen to the
proof. This sort of general denunciation wilt not
do; though it may please certain gentlemen bf re-
present the country as disgraced, and to chargs
every thing on the Administraron, the people tpjji
require proof. I ask, what statute is it which the
Government has omitted to enforce' real upon
gentlemen to show it to me. I demand to-see that
act of Congress which requires this Governmentto
go farther than it has gone in preserving oar nea-
trality m all its relations with Mexico. Let the
gentlemen put their finger on the statutory provi-
sion which has been neglected to be enforced.
Then, and not till then, shall I be ready to say that
the Government has been disgraced. I cannot find
any provision which requires the President to wlk
over the Constitution, and by his own authority
seize upon every body that he thought intended to
go to Texas The gentlemen, I presume, Will
hardly expect this after the extraordinary sensibility
they have manifested in regard to what they call
infractions of the Constitution. Will they make it
matter of complaint that the Executive hascon-
formed himsel f to the law of the land? If reference
is made to the act of 1818,1 can find only two see*
tions of that act which at all apply to the case, and
these have been strictly earned into execution,
whenever the occasion called for if, and the Go
vcrnment was informed oí their vio'ation.
But, to retui n to the point immediately before
the House Why should we demand the name of
this minister? What good reason can be given for
it? If the communication made by the retiring
ministerio the minister m question was made in
confidence, is there not the same reason to suppose
that the communication of the latter with the Se-
cretary of State was in confidence also? Why sap-
pose one to have been confidential, and not the
other' In my judgment, neither of them was so.
I see in the circumstances no mark of any such
thirg. Copies of the pamphlet were, I believe,
communicated to all the members of the diplomatic
corps. Until I shall be satisfied that there is some
good reason for this demand, I cannot assent to it
I do not desire to extend the controversy any far-
ther. The retiring minister appeals to a great
Congress of nations. Why, sir, we have such a.
Congress in every civilized country The diplo-
matic corps, accredited to any one of the great Go-
vernments of Europe, form m themselves a Goa-
giess of Nations, and to that tribunal teman
made a secret appeal, with the intention of fore-
stdllmg the question. He sends his atrociously
slandeious pamphlet to all the Reptesentalivcsof
Governments in friendly communication with the
United States, holding up to them this Government
as having asserted an untruth Are we to lose the
favoiable opinion of every fuendlv Government
because he chose to avail himself of the last privi-
lege within his reach to scalier his slanders over
the whole civilized world'
Mr MENEPEE said that he presumed the
chan man of the Committee on Foreign Relations.
[Mr Howard] had honored him by his allusion to
the conduct of the Government m the maintenance
of the neiitiahiv of i ur citizens toward Mexicom
the progress of llie Texas revolt The frightful
forms of libel and detraction, excited in his imagi-
nation by the pamphlet of Gorostiza, seems to im-
part, in his eve, a sort of libellous coloring to all
that is here said which demes to She Government
a title (o canon zation for its samtsh p thnraghoaf
oui Mexican relations He should not complam
of the gentleman tor indulging in this manner an
imagination morbidly, it struck him, inflamed,
ovei matte's of national scandal. It was mnoeent
enougn, tliougn peihaps not exactly amiable But
thcentleman at last ventures, rashly, he [Mr M ]
n ust thmk, to derv in cola blood the imputation
against th  Government, of either culpable íemiss-
ness, or the icis,. bid fann in the performance o""
cui neutral and treaty obligations to Mexico. But,
more rashly still, he ventures to proclaun,in all the
solemn forms of political, and, from, his position,
semi-official flourish, that gentlemen jn the oppo-
sition who cast such grievous and unmerited re-
proach upon the Government will, m due tune, be
required to specify and establish the grounds which
justify such accusations. It was to him [Mr
M.] a  ¡source of profound satiafeston, thai $«
