CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
Government had   tiros,  in   substance,  invited
public serutiny into its transactions in that quar-
ter.   Nrow< to him, [Mr. M.] it presented no diffi-
culty whatever to specify or establish more than
enough to infamize, utterly, the course of the Ad-
ministration. His difficulty lay in crediting that any
intelligent citizen of the United States, much less
the distinguished head of the Committee on Fo-
reign Relations, could be found wilting to deny or
doubt that the course of the Administration, both
as to omission and commission, had been as we
have described it.    He  even yet hoped that the
honorable chairman was, in what he said, disposed
to he facetious.   Why, sir, said he, when I affirm
that our citizens throughout the whole West and
Southwest violated flagrantly their obligations of
neutrality to  Mexico, by affording public succor,
in men and arms, to Texas, from the first stage of
the revolt to the recognition of its independence; I
have but to refer to the Representatives from that
section of the Union.    That militan' array, in no
concealed form, but in all " the pomp and circum-
stance" of war; was the spectacle of every day;
that avowed military recruiting, by commissioned
oTcers, for the defense of Texas; that the charac-
ter of emigrant, claiming Ihe right of expatriation,
first assumed, soon rose to that of soldier; that bo-
dies of men with  arms, uniforms, and standards,
and every quality  of organized  military force,
breathing war and vengeance against a friendly
power, -were publicly displayed in the heart of this
country, in almost every city and village in its con-
fines; that all this was known to the Government
from the beginning of the revolt; that it transpired
under the immediate observation, and often under
the express countenance of the law officers of the
Government;  that a pretence of  boundary was
msst unreasonably set up by the Government; that
a military force was passed into Mexican territory
at a most critical period of the revolt: these, sir,
and multitudes of others, are my specifications,
Slid the West and Southwest here assembled are
my proofs!
Let gentlemen beware: there is more in these
Mexican relations than this intemperate justifica-
tion of the.m seems to perceive. On a fit occasion
they may be developed-
But the chairman says there was no law which
the Executive did  not enforce;   nothing undone
which he could do.    Does not the act of 1818, for
the enforcement of neutral obligations, authorize
the suppression of military expeditions, or prepara-
tions here, against a power with whom  we are at
peeee?    Look at it.    Every provision almost has
been violated, and not one clause enforced,  or at-
tempted, except in empty form.    But suppose the
law was not sufficiently comprehensive in its pro-
visions?   Why did not the Executive,chargedwiih
the conduct of our foreign relations,  communicate
the fact to Congress, and ask their extension?    It
is our duty to compel our citizens to  do justice to
other nations.   Other nations have a right to de-
mand that we should,  aiid we are nationally re-
sponsible if we do not.    Have you not lately done
so in the case of the Canada revolt?    Were not the
aggressions of our citizens against  Mexico more
reiterated in.number, and longer persisted in, than
they have been against Great Britain?  Why, then,
distinguish between, the two powers?   Is it because
Mexico was weak that you declined this course to-
wards her?   Is it because Great Britain is powerful
that you fly with this haste—almost indecent—to
the frontier, find the laws not adequate, and pre-
sent yourself before Congress for increased autho-
rity?. This is but justice to Great Britain.   Yet
why was not the same measure of justice extended
to Mexico?   How can you, under these circum-
stances, escape the suspicion of the civilized world,
that you have at once yielded  to  the power of a
great monarchy what vou denied to an  infant and
distracted republic?    That the power of Great Bri-
tain, has wrung from you a justice  which, under
your sense of principle and treaty, you would not
allow to Mexico?   That your measure of jastice is
graduated by the power of the nations to whom you
administer it?   Thpre is no humiliation or dishonor
in doing justice to Great Britain now; the humilia-
tion and dishonor lie in  having withheld it from
Mexico under like circumstances.
Before this affair is closed, I hope to be able to
do myself the honor to afford the honorable chair-
man specifications quite as exact as he may desire,
" accompanied with competent proofs;" for his due
consideration of which, I shall feel at liberty to
allow him more than a week, if required—the time
lately allowed a foreign Government, not so pow-
erful as Great Britain, to determine on a multitude
of intricate and complex subjects; involving the is-
sues of peace and war.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON said-that he cared
not how hard a blow might fall on this or the last
Administration, provided it was not struck in favor
of Mexico against the interests of Texas, nor struck
at the Administration through the national honor. _
'Much as he had denounced the conduct of the Ad-
ministration, he had not forgotten what it behooved
every American, in all controversies with foreign
powers to remember,  that still it was the Govern-
ment  of his country.    He would say, that could
he conceive ¡t possible he should himself ever live
to charge his native- country with meanness and
cowardice, with violence towards the feeble, and a
base truckling to the stiong, it would not be in cir-
cumstances when  that strong power had its arms
yet reeking with the slaughter of American citi-
zens.    Men, he was aware, might be so far gone
in party spirit as to take a pleasure in representing
their country in the meanest and most disgraceful
light  to  disparage a  hated Administration.    He
must confess that, fell as was his revenge against
the present and late Administration, he had no
" stomach" for that.
The gentleman had inquired why, in the case of
Texas, the Executive had not asked for additional
powers to guard against violations of our neu-
trality, as he had recently done in case of England.
The answer was obvious. Texas was remotely-
situated. It was separated from us be a wide
region of wilderness, and no power could entirely
prevent the evil complained of. But, on our
Northern frontier, we were separated from Canada,
sometimes, but by a narrow stream, while the
boundaries of both countries were bordered by
fortresses. The inhabitants on both sides were m
a state of the greatest excitement, and had already
broken out into mutual outrages. The two cases
wore obviously different. Laws which might have
been stiong enough in the cafe of Texa<;, were
in-iufiicient with regard to Canada. Deep as was
Mr. TV. indignation at the enormity which had
been perpetrated at Schlosser, he did not deny the
obligations of this Government to maintain the
relations of neutrality.
Now, as to the charge which had been made of
cowardice in our course towards Mexico, he bilieved
it was the first time, much as party violence had pre-
vailed in our country, that coward ice bad ever been
connected with the name of Andrew Jackson.
Whatever evils that individual might have inflicted
on his country, no candid man would deny that he
had spread around the American name a halo of
military glory; and, if remarkable above other men
for any one quality, it was ior an indomitable cou-
rage that blenched at no danger. Andrew Jack-
son ! not dare to observe the same course toward
Great Britain as he would toward Texas. Yes:
if he would hesitate in regard to either, it
would never be in respect to the stronger power,
lie would have been more prompt to assume a
bold front to the strong than to the weak, to Eng-
land than to Mexico. His blood would " more
have stirred 10 rouse a lion than to start a hare."
But what could the Government have done ? The
case stated by the gentleman from Kentucky d'd
not fall within the provisions of the law of 1818.
Had the Government any proof that a military
expedition had been fitted out in the United Stages
against a friendly power? The gentleman had
spoken of recruiting ; but Mr. T. would like to see
the terms of enlistment; he rather believed it
would turn cut, on examination, that the men were
onlv invited to go and settle a new country. The
gent'eman talked of a recruiting rendezvous at
Lexington. Indeed! and where were the loyal
citizens of the State of Kentucky, that they per-
mitted all this to go on ? Was there no patriotic
citizen to warn the Administration of the danger,
as the ever-glorious and lamentedfColonel Daviess
informed Mr. Jefferson  of  Burr's movements?
Where was the slumbering patriotism, the sense of
honor, in the authorities of Kentucky, if they could
stand by and see the laws thus flagrantly violated?
Why had not the honorable gentleman himself step-
ped forward and informed the Executive Depart-
ment of a state of things so outrageous ?  There was
the law; the gentleman said it covered the case; if
so, there was wanting only an informer to put it into
effect. But suppose the gentleman had been himself
the District Attorney for the District of Kentucky,
what could he have done? Suppose Mr. T. had been
one of those recruited, could the gentleman have
arrested him?   If he had, and Mr. T. had inquired
his authority, he would have replied, "I arrest you
because I believe you are going to Texas."   Mr. T.
would have answered, "Weil; and what if I  am?
Have I not a right to go to Texas, if I choose to
remove to that country?"'    "Yes; but you are in
arms; you mean to fight against Mexico as soon as
you get there."    "Well; and if, when I am a resi-
dent of Texas, I choo.se to fight for my adopted
country against her oppressors, can you hinder me?"
Mr, T. insisted that if the Government had had the
entire miiitary power of the United States there on
the ground, it could not have prevented  one of
these emigrants from removing over the line. They
had a right to emigrate,  and,  having emigrated,
they had a right to bear arms in their new country.
Any attempt to prevent it must have proved futile,
and have only resulted in  the promotion  of that
which it sought to hinder; and, after all, what vio-
lation of neutrality had been  committed?    What
had the Government done?    Mr. T. had observed
from the beginning the  whole struggle of that .glo-
rious people, and again he asked,  what had   this
Government done for them'     It had  sent Gen.
Game - across the line.    But was this to keep the
Camaricb.es off   the Texans ?     No: but off the
Mexicans, their old  enemies.    Those  troops had
been detailed to preserve the country from tae in-
road of savages, and Gen. Gamjs  bad  done  no-
thing   more   than,   in   the   like   circumstances,
would have been done by any gallant man.   As
to the Government, it had written letter after let-
ter to the   District Attorney, urging him to the
performance of his duty.    It there was a recruiting
rendezvous at Lexington,  how could the Govern-
ment know it unless officially informed of it?   And
it if had been informed, what right would an Ame-
rican Government officer have had to turn back emi-
grants on their way to Texas, because they chose to
have a red stripe on their pantaloons?   If they had,
it was something new to Mr. T.    He had care-
fully reviewed his own course to see whether he had
taken any step in lelationto this matter with which
he could reproach himself, before he had ventured
to go forward and  break a  lance in defence of the
Administration; and if, in so delicate a case, he had
appeared as a defender of the Administration, it
was only became he had  heard his own Govern-
ment charged  with having yielded, out of fear of
Great Britain, that which had been  denied to the
weakness of Mexico, and with suffering that tobe
extorted  from it by the  dread of British  power,
which was not prompted by a sense of honorable
justice to a weaker power.
Mr. HAYNES said that if he had not so often,
and on such a variety of occasions, heard imputa-
tions cast upon the motives of others, and by no
member of this House more often, or on a greater
variety of occasions, than by the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts, (Mr. Adams,) he should
njt now address the House.
It seemed to him that, amidst all the questions
involved in our foreign relations, that honorable
member bad fixed his attention upon a single sub-
ject, and that his meat, and drink, and sleep, were
continually mingled with Texas! Texas!! Texas!! !
Mr. H. was willing to make allowance for the
effect of long continued thought and feeling in one
particular direction; but, with all due allowance for
the influence of such thought and feeling on the
part of the member from Massachusetts, he could
find no justification for the course which that gen-
man had thought proper to pursue.
That gentleman had chosen to raise a question
of veracity with the President, touching the action
and opinion of  Congness upon our  then exist-
