96                                              CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
——-------------------------------.------■   .,   ---------.......■-.------------------.-------,---------------------------------------------------------------------------------      i .               ----------                                          . ..i"uui;i '"i.i w
ing relations with Mexico. He did not know on
what particular ground the President had placed
the opinion or assertion in the Message, which
had called down the animadversions of the
member from Massachusetts. Bat, to his mind, it
was justified by the language used in the clause of
the act of the last session of Congress, making an
appropriation foi the contingent renewal of diplo-
matic intercourse with Mexico. That appropria-
tion was made upon the contingency that the mo-
ney should be expended " whenever, in the opinion
of the Executive, circumstances will permit a re-
newal of intercourse honorably with that power."
Our relations with Mexico were then such that di-
plomatic intercourse could not be honorably re-
newed with her. If, then, it Was not honorable to
renew such intercourse, would it have been disho-
norable to have taken justice into our own hands'?
It was surprising that a gentleman who was so
sensitive about violations of confidence, should
propose a course calculated to carry out and per-
fect such violation. He had understood the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, in the earlier portion
of his remarks, to lay down the doctrine, that what-
ever may be communicated in confidence, whether
treason or murder, or any thing else, must be kept
sacredly confidential. lie had somewhat qualified
that doctrine" in his subsequent remarks, but how
far it affected the general proposition might well be
doubted. He asked if it was proper to close up
the avenue to confidential information irom the
members of the diplomatic corps, by dragging
every such communication before the country and
the world?
For his part, he should not consent to do so.
Such a course might sometimes operate most inju-
riously upon the interests of this country. But as
the honorable gentleman had raised a question of
veracity with the President, it was now his object
to raise such a question with the Secretary of State;
and upon what ground did he propose to raise it?
Upon rumor. Sir, you may hear rumors of every
complexion touching every body, if you choose to
lisien to them. For his part, he would not indulge
the member from Massachusetts in bringing up
.such an issue with a public officer who had con-
tinued to fill high offices for nearly twenty-five
years with credit to himself and usefulness to the
country, upon any one of the ten thousand rumors
in daily circulation here or elsewhere. He, there-
fore, hoped that the amendment proposed by the
honorable gentleman from Maryland, (Mr. How-
ard,) would prevail.
The subject was then laid over to enable the
SPEAKER to present some Executive communi-
cations :
1.  From the Secretary of IheNavy, a statement
of the number of Clerks employed in Ihe Wavy
Department.
2.  A similar statement from the Secretary of the
Treasury.
3.  A report from the Secretary of "War of the
number of persons whose claims for pensions have
been rejected during the last year.
4.  From the same, a report in relation to some
private claim.
On motions of Messrs. CAMBRELENG and
BÍUGGS, severally laid on the tabic; and then,
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, January 11, 1838.
The SPEAKER laid before the House commu-
nications from the War Department, enclosing the
aanual report of the Colonel of Ordnance: ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Also, the report of the Commissioner of Pensions:
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Mr. MeKEAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Philadelphia county, remonstrating against
annexing Texas to the United States: laid on the
table.
Also, two petitions from Philadelphia; two peti-
tions from Lancaster county; one petition from
Chester county; six petitions from Susquehanna
County; nine petitions from Montgomery county;
four petitions from Bucks county; and one petition
from Delaware county, Pennsylvania, signed by
some 2,000 citizens, praying Congress to abolish
slavery in the District of Columbia and Territories
of the United States.
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Mionic ^>unty, Illinois, for pre-emption
lands: referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented the petition of W.
T. Hyat for a pension: referred to the Committee
on Revolulionary Pensions.
Messrs. PRENTISS, BUCHANAN, and LYON,
severally presented petitions; which were appro-
priately referred.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of H. W.
Andrews, for remuneration for property destroyed
by the Indians in Florida, in consequence of the
same being occupied by the United States forces :
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of George' Da
venport: ordered to a second reading.
Report from the same committee, discharging
them from the further consideration of the subject
of granting right of way through public lands to
the State of Illinois: adopted.
Mr. PRESTON presented the petition of Joseph
W. Page, for remuneration for services rendered
the United States: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill remitting duties on two iron steam-
boats, imported by C. Gay and another of Macon,
Georgia: ordered to a second reading.
Also, a bill from the House for the relief of
Chastelain and Ponvert: ordered to be printed.
Also, bill for the relief óf B. Crafts and others,
sureties of James Manning, late collector at Beau-
fort, North Carolina: laid on the table.
Also, on his motion, the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the peti-
tion of sundry merchants of Mobile, for the remis-
sion of costs of suits on duty bonds, &c. and the
same referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Also, reported a bill repealing the act of 1832,
imposing duties on certain imports, without amend-
ment: ordered to a second reading.
Also, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the same
committee were discharged from the further consi-
deration of the petition of certain importers of
hardware.
Mr. MORRIS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported sundry private relief bills.
Also, bill granting pensions to certain widows
and legal representatives of Revolutionary soldiers.
Also, bill for the relief of Luey Easton: seve-
rally ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the improvement of
the Wabash river: ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the same com-
miltee, reported a bill to increase the salary of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office: ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. CRITTENDEN introduced a bill for the
relief of the widows and orphans of the officers
and sailors of the United States schooner Wildcat:
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. LYON introduced a bill to amend the act,
establishing the northern boundary of Ohio, and
admitting Michigan into the Union: referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
On motion of Mr. TIPTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
inquire into the expediency of increasing the num-
ber of Clerks in the office of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs.
Also, that the Secretary of War communicate
any information he may possess relative to the ne-
cessity of such increase.
Mr.' CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported adverse to the memori-
als of citizens of Missouri for an additional land of-
fice: laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. PIERCE^
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill for the liquidation of the claim of General
Duncan S. Clinch for losses sustained at his plan-
tation, "Lang Syne," in Alachua county, Territory
of Florida, in the years 1835 and 1836, in conse-
quence of the War with the Seminole Indians.
Papers in support of the claim presented at the
same time: referred.
A bill from the ijouse to change the times of
holding the District Courts in Virginia: read, and
referred to áie-Coirflnitteeon.the Judiciary.
Mr. LY01X presented the petition of William A.
Wolcott, Hiram WBitcomb, and Linval D. Bailey,
assignees of Jean Baptiste Cicotte, praying autho-
rity to locate 30ft acres of land, of any of the public
lands in Michigan that may be subject to entry, in
lieu of 300 acres which were recommended for con-
firmation to said Cicot by the Board of Land Com-
missioners at Detroit, bat which, before the recom-
mendation had been confirmed, as if afterwards
was, by Congress, had been sold by the Govern-
ment. Also, a petition of numerous citizens of
Michigan, praying Congress to make an appropria-
tion of money to complete certain harbor improve-
ments commenced by individuals to improve the
harbor of Brest, on Lake Erie, in said State.
MR. CALHOUN'S RESOLUTIONS.
The consideration of Mr. CALHOUN'S resolu-
tions was then resumed.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked, that as he had
yesterday pledged himself to bring forward the ad-
ditional resolution offered yesterday and suspended
at his suggestion: in fulfilment of this pledge, he
had restored the resolution to its original form,
and would now deliver it up 'to its parents, the
honorable Senators from Kentucky and Michigan.
Mr. CLAY, at the suggestion of Mr. SEVIER,
assented to an amendment, by striking out the
clause relating to the treaty with Spain of 1819.
Mr. CLAY proposed farther to amend, by stri-
king out such parts as relates to the Indians, except
in cases where, by their influence, the institution of
slavery has extended north of the compromise
line.—[36 deg. 30 min. N. lat.]
Mr. SEVIER opposed this motion, and called
for the yeas and nays, and on the question being
taken, the result was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, Grundy, Hubbard, King,
Lyon, McKean, Morris, Merrick, Niles, Norvell,
Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Rives, Roan, Robbins,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Swift, Tip-
ton, Williams, and Youhg—31,
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Fulton, Lumpkin,, Nicholas, Robinson, Sevier,
Strange, Walker, and White—10.
Mr. RIVES moved, as án amendment, the fol-
lowing :
Resolved, That any interference with the subject
of slavery in the Territories of the United States in
which it may exist is inhibited by all the considera-
tions in regard to the rights and interests of the
inhabitants of said Territories, the security of the
slaveholding States, and the danger to the Union,
which are mentioned in the preceding resolution as
forbidding any interference with, or action on, the
the subject of slavery in the District of Columbia;
and for the further reason that the people of those
Territories, when admitted into the Union as States,
will be exclusively entitled te decide the question
of the existence of slavery within their respective
limits for themselves.
The question on its adoption was taken by yeas
and nays, and resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Lumpkin, Preston, Rives, Roane, Sevier, Tipton
and White—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benton, Black,
Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Grundy, Hubbard
King, Lyon, Merrick, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell,,
Pierce, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Strange, Swift, Walker, Webster, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—29.
The resolution was, after considerable discus-
sion, amended so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That any attempt of Congress to abo-
lish slavery in any Territory of the United States
in which it exists, would create serious alarm and
