CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
For Claiborne   -           -           - 11,203
Prentiss      -           -           -   7,143
The largest v®te far Congress in No-
vember was . -           -           -           -    19,909
The vote for Congress in November ex-
ceeded that given in July, only           -      1,563
For Claiborne   -           -           -   6,258
Prentiss      -           -           - 13,651
The highest Dempcratic vote in November
was for Auditor, when Saunders ob-
tained           -               -              -            14,851
This exceeds Mr. Prentiss's vote           -       1,200
The next highest Democratic vote in No-
vember was for Secretary of State,
when Benson obtained           -           -      14,312
This exceeds Mr. Prentiss's vote           -            661
The Democratic vote for McNutt in No-
vember was           ...          12,922
Grimball received the Democratic vote in
the counties of Copiah, Hancock,
Leake, Nashoba, Newton, Scótt, Simp-
son, and Smith, as follows,            -           1,331
Making the ascertained Democratic vote,
say       ,   -          -          -          -           14,253
This exceeds Prentiss's vote       -           -       702
The entire vote given for Governor at the
November election was          -           -    27,702
The highest vote for Congress       -       -      19,909
Difference                     7,793
Mr. Prentiss's vote falls short of a majo-
rity of the votes cast for Governor, by           200
It is contended by me that the entire opposition
vote was thrown for Mr.  Prentiss,  and probably
more; because his vote far exceeds that of any
other Whig candidate, Mr. Word not excepted.   It
is also contended, that the excess of votes given for
Governor, over the highest vote given for  Con-
gress, consisted of Democratic votes, withheld by
the voters in consequence of the decision of the
House., which they supposed entitled us to our seats.
Therefore, take the vote given for  Claiborne in
November, say               -                               6,258
Add the excess of votes for Governor
above the votesfor Congress   -           -      7,793
.Makes             -          -           -     14,051
This exceeds Mr. Prentiss's vote            -         400
So also take Gholson's vote in November       6,032
Add excess of votes for Governor above
votes for Congress       -          -           -      7,793
¡Makes              -           -           -    13,825
This exceeds Mr. Prentiss's vote            -         174
Other comparisons might be instituted, showing
that, had there been a full election, without refe-
rence to the decision of the House; there would, in
all probability, have been a decided majority for
my colleague and myself.
It is proper to stater that one of the persons men-
tioned in the preceding calculations, Mr. Grimball,
originally stood as the opposition candidate for
Governor, and in some of the counties received
the partial vote of that party, but in the counties
enumerated he was run as a Democratic candidate;
he was defended by the Democratic journals; and
we feel authorized to state it as his own opinion,
(hat the votes he there received were taken from
Mr. McNutt.
The reading being concluded—
Mr. BELL sent to the Chair the following spe-
cial order; which was read.
Resolved, That the question arising upon the re-
port of the Committee of Elections be made the
special order of the day for this day, and on each
succeeding day, until the same shall be decided.
Mr. B. said he was authorized to say, that if it
was expected Mr. Claiborne could attend in any
reasonable time, he should meet the wishes of the
claimants by postponing it to a further day.
Mr. GHOLSON stated that both his honorable
colleague and himself were anxious for the adop-
tion of this order, for they desired no delay, and
had newish to address the House themselves.
Mr. BELL had understood so, and he according-
ly moved his. resolution.
Mr. CAMBRELENG should not oppose the mo-
tion, bat he merely took that opportunity to state
that the public service was very much in need of
the passage of some of the appropriation bills, and
if this order were not adopted, he should move to
take up some of those bills.
Mr. PATTON suggested a modification to re-
strict it from and after one o'clock each day, which
Mr. BELL accepted.
Mr. WHITTLESEY, of Ohio, inquired if the
gentleman from - Tennessee intended to embrace
(he days set apart for the consideration of private
business in his order.
Mr. BELL was sorry to inform the gentleman
that he did, for taking them and Mondays
which were set apart for the reception of
petitions, the public had only three days tout of
the seven remaining.
The motion of Mr. BELL was then agreed to.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Beonson's
resolution above, declaring that Messrs. Prentiss
and Word were not members of the present Con-
gress.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved the printing
of Mr. Claiborne's paper, and also the statement
of the other gentlemen.
Objection being made, on motion of Mr.
HOWARD, the rales were suspended.
Mr. HOWARD said he felt it due to Mr. Clai-
borne to say that the paper would have been
"printed and laid on the tables of the members, if
time had permitted it; but the statement to which
it was a reply was only sent in yesterday, and the
answer could not be prepared and printed in so
short a time.
The motion to print was opposed by Messrs.
PATTON, GRAVES, and JENIFER, and sup-
ported by Messrs. UNDERWOOD, C1LLEY, and
PENNYEACKER, when Mr. UNDERWOOD
withdrew the motion, and Mr. CILLEY renewed
it, and it was then agreed to.
So the paper of Mr. Claiborne was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAWSON then'rose and said he had wait-
ed to hear a proposition in relation to what had
occurred between honorable members of that body
this morning, from some older member; but such
not being the case, he felt it his duty, as a member
of the Honse of Representatives, to propose some
order to prevent the recurrence of such scenes.
He had, therefore, drafted a resolution according
to what parliamentary usage required in such
cases.   It was as follows:
"The Hon. Samuel Gholson, a member
of this House from the Slate of Mississippi, and
(he Hon. Henry A. Wise, also a member,
from the State of Virginia, having spoken lan-
guage subject to the censure of this House, bs it
therefore
"Resolved, That those gentlemen do now make
submission to this body."
Mr. WISE and Mr. GHOLSON then made
mutual statements, each apologising to the House
as a body, without withdrawing any of the offen-
sive language used towards each other.
Mr. GLASCOCK, feeling satisfied that such a
resolution would but servo to excite, instead of
to allay, the feelings of the parties, with great re-
spect for the mover, moved to lay the same on the
table.
At the request of Mr. MERCER, who promised
to renew it, Mr. GLASCOCK withdrew the mo-
tion, and the former gentleman raised the point
whether the resolution was in order; but the Chair
1 ruling it to be in order, Mr. M. renewed Mr. G's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. MERCER then moved the following:
Resolved, That Messrs. Gholson and Wise, mem-
bers of this House, between whom warm words
have passed in debate, be required by the Speaker
to declare in their places, that they will not prose-
cute further the quarrel which has arisen this day
between them.
Mr. JENIFER moved to lay it on the table.
Mr. MERCER asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered,  and were yeas 78, nays 123.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The subject was further discussed by   Messrs.
HOWARD, POPE, JENIFER, TURNEY, MER-
CER and GLASCOCK.
Mr. GLASCOCK moved the indefinite post-
ponement of the resolution.
The merits of the resolution were then further
discussed by Messrs. CUSHING and REED,
when, without coming to any decision,
On motion of Mr. JENIFER,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, Jan. 16th, 1838.
Mr. McKEAN presented the petition of a large
number of wUzens of Philadelphia, remonstrating
against the repeal of the Express Mail law: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Also, the petition of a number of citizens of Phi-
ladelphia, praying for an appropriation for the
completion of the frigate Rantan: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a petition from a number of the young
men of Philadelphia, remonstrating against the
annexation of Texas to the Union: laid on the
table.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the memorial of J.
11. Adams, President of the Ocean Insurance Com-
pany, and of a number of other officers of Marine
Insurance companies, and of a number of mer-
chants of Boston, for the erection, at the entrance
of Boston harbor, of one of Morse's Perpetual Fog
Bells. The memorial commends the invention as
an important one to the commercial community;
for the invention of which Mr. Morse has received
a gold medal from the Mechanic's Association of
Boston, and the highest reward in the power of the
New York Mechanic's Institute to bestow.
Mr. R. also presented the petition of several
shipmasters and branch pilots of Boston, for the
same object.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of the
executor of Joseph Williams, praying indemnity
for spoliations committed by the Spaniards, prior
to the Florida treaty: referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
" Mr. MERRICK also presented the petition of
the legal representatives of John Ireland, praying
to be indemnified for a house burnt by the Bntish
army during the last war, in consequence of its
having been occupied by our troops: referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. FULTON presented the petition of Jacob
Brown, which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
sundry importing hardware merchants of the city
of New York, praying for a repeal of the provisions
of the second section of the act of 14th July, 1832,
in relation to duties on imports; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of Robert
White, praying for commutation for Revoliuiouary
services: referred to the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Joseph
Bassett, praying for a pension in consideration of
Revolutionary services: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Illinois, praying for the establishment of
a post route: referred to the Committee en the Post
Office and Post Reads.                     t
On motion of Mr. NILES, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the pe-
tition of Eli Hitch, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. RIVES presented the memorial of Commo-
dore Ridgely, and other officeis of the Navy, re-
monstrating against the reinstatement in the Navy
of officers who have resigned, or who have been
dismissed: referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
VERMONT RESOLUTIONS.,
Mr. SWIFT said he had given notice of hi*, in-
tention at a future day to present the report and re-
solutions of the State of Vermont, which had been
offered on a former occasion, but withdrawn. His
intention was not to bring them before the Senate
until the discussion on the resolutions introduced by
the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. Calhoun)
had been finished.   As that discussion was pre-
