CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
ios
duced these resolutions, he (Mr. K.) had charac| J
terized them as they deserved. He understood the
Senator had characterized his remarks as unbe-
coming. He had not heard the Senator. He
asked him to say whether he would now, in his
place, characterize his (Mr. K's) language as un-
becoming?
Mr. SWIFT said he had no opinion on the sub-
ject, further than to say, that the people of Vermont
would hold the gentleman's language for what it
was really worth. As he was up, he would re-
mark that he did not know, when he presented his
resolutions, that the Senator ftom Alabama was
not in his place.
Mr. KING resumed.   He did not, on a former
occasion, neither was it now his design to censure
the conduct of the Senators from Vermont, in dis-
charging what they supposed to be their duty.    It
rested with them (Mr. K. said) to discharge their
duty according to the dictates of their own judg-
ment; but he said to  them, that in doing so, they
must take the consequences if they present and
sustain resolutions, accompanied by a report cal-
culated to wound the feelings of those thus disre-
spectfully, thus slanderously spoken of.    If they
(the Vermont Senators) had acted in this matter as
high-minded honorable men (as he doubted not
they were) should, they would have taken care to
free themselves from all participation in these re-
solutions, that they did not justly represent the cha-
racters of those of whom they complained.    That
they were not characterized by truth was known to
those Senators.    Why,  then, in asking for their
printing, be the means of promulgating these slan-
ders'?    He could not (Mr. K.  said)  respect the
course of the Vermont Senators.    In presenting
these resolutions, they had, in their remarks, indi-
rectly  endorsed   the libels   they  contained; they
could not—no man dared openly to endorse them
here.   He  had characterized these resolutions as
false and slanderous, he cared not who presented
them.    It had been said by the Senator from Ver-
mont, that we of fee  South, as State rights men,
could not refuse to receive and give a respectful
atlenüpn to. %,proceedings of a sovereign State.
Yf s,~sir,*(said Mr. K.) we.¡are State rights men—
we defend the legitimate rights of the States, but
we do net defend a sovereign State when she as-
serts calumny and falsehood.   It was painful (Mr.
K. said) to have to rise and defend the section of
country he represented from the basest aspersions;
he would not condescend 10 do it.    Was there an
honorable,  upright man in the  community, not
blinded   by   fanaticism,   who    was   capable   of
getting up on that floor and defending the language
of that Vermont report!    No: there was not one.
Was it because he had characterized these resolu-
tions as they deserved that he had been complained
of by the Vermont Senators?  Did they expect him,
a Southern man, to speak of them only in the most
soft and soothing language?.  No : the authors of
ihis report might hear what he had ."aid, and "take
it for what it was worth;" but he held men capable
of making such charges in'the utmost contempt,
and he did not hesitate to avow it     For the people
of Vermont he entertained the respect they were
fairly entitled to, as a gallant, high minded, virtuous
people ; nor would he believe they could ever be
brought   to approve  these   slanders   upon   their
brethren of the South.   The whole  tenor of this
report was calculated to convey a false impression.
It held that the people of the South, from the very
circumstance of slavery existing among them, were
a degraded, and not a law submitting people; that
they of Vermont have always been opposed  to
s'avery, a;.d that U would be considered that they
had cooled in iheir ardor for civil liberty if they
►siiiuM suffer  themselves to be drawn into the fra-
lérna'l embrace of slaveholding States.    Now we
of I he slaveholding States,  continued Mr. K. do
not feci'so  proud  of the fraternal embrace; we
consider our own States as standing as high in
honor and moral worth as any in this union.    But
how did it happen, he continued, that the State of
Vermont, with this ardor for civil liberty, suffered
themselves to be drawn into the fraternal embrace
With slaveholding States under the present Consu-
talion—with the old thirteen?   This fifth resolu-
jiW, they had b«w told by the Senator from Ver-
mont, was not passed by both branches of his Le-
gislature.    It had been shown that it was the result
of a joint report,  sanctioned by  one branch and
presented here for our adoption.    It refers to' what
the gentleman called the slave trade.    He would
tell the gentleman that he had not characterized
this resolution correctly.    The South was as much j
opposed to the slave trade as any portion of the i
Union, and had iieen the first to move in its sup- !
pression.    But that was not the question presented i
by this resolution.    It was not levelled against the ;
slave trade, which the South as '.veil as the Noith !
condemned, but it went to violate the constitutional I
rights of  the State*—to prevent  the  transfer of !
slaves from one State to another,' and was so ut- i
terly at variance with the Constitution that no mar.
could justify it.
He had only risen for the purpose of vindicat-
ing himself from  the charge that he had used dis-
courteous language  towards the people of a sove-
reign Slate, and having done so, he would, as far
as he was concerned,  leave  the whole matter in ¡
the  hands   of   gentlemen   from  non-slavehokling   -
States, who might take it up and act upon it in |
their  own   way.    If they   chose to receive it and   i
place  it among the  archives of the Senate, why '
let them do so; if they chose   to refer it to a com-
mittee, let them do so; and he trusted ¡hat if they
did, it would be to a select committee of gentlemen
from  the  non-slaveholdmg States, and  that they
would make such a report as to show to the South
the ground they intended to stand upon.    For him-
self, Mr. K. said he intended to take no part in the
matter, and he trusted that the Senator from North
Carolina (Mr.Strange,)wouldwithdrawhismotion.
Mr. STRANGE replied that he could  not con-
sent to withdraw lus motion;  on the contrary, h    i
was the more convinced that he ought to persist in I
it.    Mr. S. however withdrew it temporarily at the ¡
request of Mr. WHITE.                                "               ¡j
Mr. WHITE gave his views at length  in  re la- !|
tion  to this subject.    Part of the  excitement, he ¡j
said, in the nor.-slaveholding States, might  have  ,;,
been produced by the mariner in which these peti-
tions had been treated.    They suppose the riaht of
petition and. freedom of speech are violated bv the
course.    He had voted against the reception of pe-
titions asking to'áholbh slavery in  the District of |
Columbia, because he believed they violated the
rights of the people herej and he had adopted that
course  as   best calculated   to   allay  excitement.
Slavery was a settled question, in his opinion, not
an open one; and he was not sent there to discuss
the question whether it was immoral or irreligious.
He argued that Congress had no power to abolish
slavery in the District.    Was it to follow dial, be-
cause Congress was the only  Legislature for this
ten miles square, that it could do what it pleased,
exercise a censorship over the press, or adopt any
particular creed?   The powers here were as neces-
sarily limited as  elsewhere.     What poner   had \
Congress more than the Legislatures of the States '
to take the properly of the citizen  contrary to his
will?  When a man in a slavtholding Stale wishes !
to liberate slaves, the question arises, will the Lo- ¡
gislature permit him to do  so?   They look to the \
great interests of ¡he whole, and will not allow him |
to free his own slaves without making the rest of I
the community safe.    It  would be time enough
when the people of this District come here  and
asked to be permitted to deprive themselves of their
slaves, to legislate upon the subject.    Mr. W. said,
in treating with respect what came from one State, j
it was necessary to take care that, in so doinsr, we j
did not come under reproach from (¡the- Sta!"s   ¡
If he voted for the r'-r.ppiion of tMs, he believed it \
would be bringing reproach  upon  his own State .
and others, by indiii'C'ly admití ng tln'v  weie :n a i
stale of an nchy aid courus:ou.    Gentlemen of ti c \
íion-f'laveh'údiug'-'tatv" sh^id • r,   v'*i   ihe  •:  c "-  ;
ing na'nic of the-:1 t.-oics, •"' d -he ;'.a:i~er com e-'i- Í
ed ui ith them, and before they charged those of the
South With violence and excitement  .should p'ac;
themselves in their situation.    In  the North they
had white servant*; and suppose the people of the
South tell their domestics it is sinful and immoral
for them t" be held in a subordinate capacity, and
that they might Lv relieved of their burdens by cut-
ting the throats of titeir nxastsrs and mistresses
while asleep, or putting poison in the victuals on
which they were to feed! What would gentlemen
think of such a cour* ? Would they not be very
hkely to lynch those mi rudera, or would they wait
the slow process ef the Uu? In 'his whole matter
the South had been mirrepivsented, and the resolu-
tions of Vermont had done the grossest injustice to
that portion of the country.
Mr. PRENTISS said a few words in too low a
tone to be reported, defending the Vermont resolu-
tions, arid denying that there was any thing in ths
report or the resolutions to impeach the character
of the South.
Mr. CALHOUN said that, as a States rights
man, in the strongest sense, he believed that the
State oí Vermont had a right to come there and be
heard. Upon the best reflection he could give to
the subject, he could not vote for rejecting the reso-
lutions, and, on the other hand, he considered the
language to be so exceptionable that he could not
yole for receiving them. It was owing to, and
foreseeing this difficulty ihat he had introduced the
series of resolutions, on the same subject, which
had been so recently discussed and disposed of, and
though he made no complaint, ho profoundly re-
gretted that he had been dis-sppr-inted in getting a
direct vote ca one important "¡incipte involved.
.Situated as he was, he r* a -cpreseniauve of the
South, which was so viloly calumniated in these
resolutions, he could not vote for receiving them.
Mr. ROANE observed that these resolutions
came here with instructions lo the Senators from
Vermont to use their influence to carry out the ob-
jects for which they were passed. They were
equally bound, he continued, to press them forward
and cet them acted on in l'i¡ t body. He enter-
tained no doubt that there wry. assertions contain-
ed in these resolutions that n-\ ss an individual
Senator, could not allow to be true. On the
other hand, a* they cm or from a sove-
leign State, he could not tnv that he would
not receive them. He m'ended, therefore,
to stand neuter; and when thi'.e resolutions
should be received, as no doubt they v.ould by the
votes of the members from the non-slavehtlding
States, and referred, he trusted that they would be
referred to a committee from those States. From
the report of a committee so constituted, at least
one advantage would be gained : we shall under-
stand, said Mr. R. their true position in regard lo
this matter; ami further, be expected that these
gentlemen, from their knowledge of the Southern
States and those representing them, would show
whether this Vermont report justly characterized
the South mid its institutions.
Mr. STRANGE having renewed his motion to
lay the question of the reception of the resolutions
on the table, the question \va« here taken and de-
cided in the negative—Yeas ¡2, Nays 56, as fol-
lows :
YEAS— Messrs. Black, lirown, Clay of Ala-
bama, Grundy, Lumpkin, Norve'll, Predion, Rives,
Sevier, Strange, Walker, and Whit.—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Buchanan,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, Hubbard,
Knight, Linn, Morris, Niles, Pierce, Prentiss,
Bobbins, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Webster, Wiihams, Wright, and Young
—".6.
The CHAIR 'hen said that the i evolutions wete
befoie ihc Senate, and no one further objecting,
Mr. SWIFT said he would moyo that they be
for ;he present laid on the i-bp and punted.
Mr CLAY of Alabama ^¡.' ¡hat if th,; question
was taken'o i rrinlinc, hr hoped lrn: :! would be
h'yided, and t«\'<m en p-in'mg "he lerolo'ions ;m.d
-. -eojipne.- ing r.—.-,f >rpar-.'' ¡v. He -vi>hed to
ho I-..M!..' i.iclly rtl.elr,"!- i, t ¡úr.dle would lend its
atd to the publication of such a document as the
latter.
Mr. SWIFT then varied his motion, so is to
lay all the papers on the tab's, which was agreed lo.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported the following bill; which was read, and
passed to a second reading, and made the special
order ef the day for Tuesday, the 30th instant.
