CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
Congress of April, 1836, for any public officer to
offer in payment to a creditor of the Government
any bank notes> of a less denomination than twenty
dollars,, or any bank note, unless the same shall be
payable and paid on demand in gold or silver, even
at the place where issued, and which shall not be
equivalent to specie-at the place where offered, aod
convertible into gold or silver at the spot at the
will of the holder, and without delay or loss to him.
All this is true: such are the clear and unequivocal
provisions of the act of 1836; and he was as ready
and as witling.as the Senator coiild be, to condemn
that public officer who should offer, or attempt to
pass, depreciated bank'paper of any denomination.
He knew well the terms of that act; and he knew
well, also, that in the same act was reiterated the
sentiment that nothing but gold or silver should be
regarded as a  legal tender by the United States.
Bat in admitting all this, he by no means admitted
that the collector at Boston had violated that law,
(even if the public creditors named by  the Senator
had been patd in the  bills of the Commonwealth
Bank.)    He would not deny that since May last
the bills of that bank, and the bills of all the other
banks in the city  of Boston,  had been of a less
value than specie.    This had been, and still was,
to a very great  extent, the  trae condition of the
bank paper of the whole country.  But the Senator
would   not   deny   that   the «bills   of  the -Com-
monwealth Bank  had   been, up  lo  the hour of
its failure, as current as the bills of any other
bank   in   that   city.    They   were  used hke the
paper of other banks, for all the purposes of com-
merce and of business between man and man.
Before the Senate can declare that the collector of
the port of Boston is obnoxious to the charge of'
having violated an act of Congress, the facts must.
be known.   The circumstances of the whole case
must be well understood.   The private and  the
public character of that 'Officer,  and his known
faithfulness in the performance of his official du-
ties, forbid the idea of any wilful violation of laxo,
or of anv unwarrantable departure from duty.  He
had said that even if the fishermen had received
the bills of the Commonwealth Bank in payment
of their fishing bounties, it did not necessarily fol-
low that the collector had either departed from his
official doty, or violated the provisions of the law.
The Senator has supposed a stale of facts, which,
he was free to admit would amount to a wanton
and wilful violation of the act of Congress.    He
has stated that these fishermen demanded gold or
silver,  which was refused; that  they  demanded
Treasury notes, which were refused ; and that they
were told by the collector that he would pay them
only in bills of the Commonwealth Bank.    If this
be so, he would riot attempt to justify the conduct
of the collector.   If he had gold or silver, and re-
fused lo pay it to these creditors, when demanded,
or if he had Treasury notes, and refused to deliver
them when demanded—if he persisted in satisfying
these creditors of the Government in the bills of the
Commonwealth Bank, and did so satisfy them, he
was abnoxious to the charges which had been made
against him.   He should, however, most reluc-
tantly yield his assent to the statement made by
¡he Senator, on the authority of any epistolary cor-
respondence.
But if the creditors of the Government called
upon this public officer, whose duty it was to make
the disbursement, and said expressly to that officer
that they desired p.ivment to be made to them in
the bills of the Commonwealth Bank—that they
were-not only willing, but it was their wish to re-
ceive payment in that particular currency—could
the collector fairly be charged with a violation of
the law, if he should thus comply with the wishes
of these creditors? Would not the act be most
unjustifiable on the pan of the collector, to with-
hold from the creditor ¿be very means which it was
known the collector possessed, and the very means
which the creditois were most willing and most
desirous to receive'? It is the intent, the motive,
which gives character to the transaction. And
-with what grace, with what propriety, could the
collector be charged either with a. departure from
duty, or with a violation of law,/or ifcus conducting?
The creditor might well know that fhe collector
had not the specie—that he was not supplied with
gold or silver—and yet might desire payment in
the very kind of money with which the collector
was furnished. The creditors would, under such
circumstances, say to the collector—" pay us in
the bills of the Commonwealth Bank; they will
answer our purpose; they will enable us to pay
our debt to ¡he ¡y\nk; they will supply us with
mesms necessary for the support of our families."
The collector complies with this request of the
creditors ; and he was unable to see, in this sup-
posed casc.-wherein the collector had done aught
worthy of censure or of condemnation.
If the collector had  refused to comply with this.,
request of the creditors—if he had said to them,
" I cannot offer you the bills of the. Commonwealth
Bank, because they  aie  not equal to specie, and
are not ennvtrtible  into   gold or silver  upon   the
spot," and had   actually withheld from  the credi-
tors this kind of money, svhich ihey were so ready
and  so  willing to  receive, he would like to know
what would then have been   said of the   collector.
What would the Senator from Massachusetts have
said of such cenduct on the part of the collector.
He wa-s sure that it would receive universal con-
demnation.   There   are  many men who   would
prefer to receive paper to specie, who would pre-
fer  current   bank  bills   to gold and   silver, for
the purpose of transacting the ordinary business of
life; and, for himself, he was free to say, that were
he to receive, for his own use, from any individual,
a sum of money, as it is not his fortune long to
hold, what he is entitled to receive; as he has ever
had, and piobably always shall have, an immedi-
ate use for all his pecuniary means—he would
much prefe'r to receive current bank paper to gold
or silver; it would suit Ins convenience better; and
for that very reason, when he was fairly entitled to
gold or silver, and could have received eilher, he
has preferred to take current bills, and has been
content therewith.    He dare say lhat others might
think and might act as  he thought and acted; yet
he was by no means for substituting, for the use of
'the Government, paper money for gold and silver.
He had mentioned these facts, to show that such
may have been the circumstances, in relation to the
disbursement made by the collector at Boston in
satisfaction of fishing bounties, as wholly to exone-
rate him from the charge of "aitiolalion of law—of a
disregard of his public duly.'"
The Senator had presented another view of this
matter^ He had regarded it with reference to the
rights of the fishermen, and with reference to the
rights of the pensioners, who, it is stated, have also
received their pittance in the bills of the Common-
wealth Bank. And he had said to the Senate that
he should feel himself called upon to indemnify
these public creditors from any loss they may have
sustained in receiviag this kind of money; that
they were entitled lo "gold or silver, or to an equi-
valent; that having been paid in this depreciated
gurrency, they were justly entitled to have the
difference in value between this description of
paper and gold and silver, made up to them.
There might possibly be a case which would pre-
sent a good claim upon Government. Such cases
have occurred; they may again occur; but he would
like to learn from the Senator what principle of
morals or of law, what claim in justice or in
equity, these creditors could have upon the Govern-
ment, if they have voluntarily;at their own instance
and request, received in payment current money,
and -which has depreciated in their hands?
The Senator says that it is idle to talk of a vo-
luntary taking in payment that which is of a less-
value than gold or silver; lhat it is necessity, dire
necessity, which compels the creditor to receive a
depreciated currency; t'.iat it is a wrong on the part
of the Government to offer such a currency in pay-
ment; and lhat the act of taking such sort of money
in payment of an honest claim, would not stop him
from making the money so received equal to ihe
precious metals. There may be, as he had before
stated, cases justly calling upon the Government
for remuneration. They must be, however, of a
very different character from any which the Sena-
tor himself had mentioned. The Government is
bound to satisfy its creditors. This obligation rests
no more upon the Government than upon indivi-
duals.   Every man is bound, in honesty and in
good faith, to pay his debts: the Government is
equally bound.. An individual m.iy honestly, ma-
justly, may with perfect fairness, satisfy the claim
of his crediior, without advancing either gold or
silver. The Government may also smsty its cre-
ditors, without the aid of hard money A volun-
tary receipt of payment, a willing acknowledgment
of satisfaction, was, according to his creed of mo-
rals, according to his notions of law and of right,
the end of the. matter; and it would be a most fla-
grant act of injustice and of wrong for an indivi-
dual, under such circumstances, to appeal to Con-
gress for indemnity from a loss occasioned by a de-
preciation of the very paper in which he had re-
ceived payment, alter it bad passed into his hands.
As he had before stated, a creditor having a claim
upon the Government, calls upon the collector at
Boston for payment, and designates the very money
in which he wishes payment <o be made to him. He .
neither asks gold or silver, but receives, with his
own consent, at his own request, and to his heart's
content, current bank bills.
What right, what sense of morals, what princi-
ple of law, would sanction an appeal to Congress
to make good lo the creditor any loss which he
might subsequently sustain, or to makp that which
he elected to receive, equal to specie, which he at
the time spurned'i He knew of no right, and he
could realize no moral sense or legal principle
which could justify such an appeal. And he would
only say to the Senator, before he pledges himself
to give his support to such applications, first to
put the Government in the wrong; to show that
«cold or silver are within her reach, and that she
. has wilfully withheld it from her honest creditors.
Let the Senator first show that, by the existing po-
licy of the country, the public revenues are neces-
sarily received in the metallic currency; and the
same currency should be disbursed to satisfy Go-
vernment liabilities. If lie could show this, he
would have much beUer and safer ground to stand
on. He hoped that ihe time was not far distant
when the Government would collect and disbuise
its revenue independent of banks.
The Senator from Massachusetts says that the
public creditors should be paid  in gold and silver;
that they are entitled to receive hard money in sa-
tisfaction  of their claims upon  the Government;
that any thing short of this would be doing great
injustice to them; and a payment in any currency
of a less value than gold or silver would  also be a
direct violation of law.    He was rejoiced to hear
this from the honorable Senator.    He had declared,
on ihi.s and another occasion,   that he   should be
ready at all tunes lo voie to any creditor a remune-
ration for any loss he may  have sustained by re-
ceiving from ihe Government any currency in pay-
ment of his claim,  if that currency was, at  the
lime, of a less value than gold or silver.    After the
avowal of such sentiments, he trusted that the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts would be ioitnd co-
operating with him in the support of that very sys-
tem which contemplates an entiie separation of the
Government from the banks;   which looks to,the
very object which the Senator seems to have so
much at heart—the exclusive collection of the reve-
nue in gold or silver; which is intended fo provide
the very description of means which the Senator
himself  says, and  says  most   truly, the  public
creditors are entitled to claim, and which (he Go-
vernment is bound to pay.    The Senator would
hardly   contend   that this  Government ought to
collect  its  revenues   in  a   paper  currency,  and
disburse    those   revenues    in   gold   or    silver;
i   and he congratulated himself and his friends that
ihev were to have the aid of the powerful talents
of "the honorable Senator from Massachusetts in
sustaining   the  Sub-Treasury system—a   system
which is to cut loose from all local banks ; which
is intended to collect from the debtors of the Go
vernment hard money, and to disburse to the pub-
lic creditors the same currency.   This subject of
the currency, he was free to admit, was of great
importance to the whole community; and the bill
which had been recently reported from the Com-
mittee on Finance ought to have received the ear
liest possible consideration from the Senate,   it
was due to the Government, it was du* to the
county—a sense of eommon justice seemed to him
