118
CONGRESSIONAL GLOM.
To estiblish fie doctrine that a man who had v o-
luutan'v receive 1 b-mk bills, which afterwards be-
time dtorecialed, comd claim the amount of de-
preciation, would lead to most ruinous conse-
quences—would unsettle thousands of transactions,
and ihrow society into utter confusion.
But, Mr. C repeated, his object in rising was not
to engage in the discission, but to protest against
Senators rising m their places, and making charges
by insinuation against the characters of men, be-
fore the facts are known, or can be known, and
before they have had an opportunity of explaining
or defending their conduct He was aware that
the pi «nieges of this body had been pleaded as a
sanction to this- unwarrantable practice, but he was
not for allowing privilege to she]ier the member
whose imputations injunously affect the character
of an absent individual, and Mr C said he would
take this occasion to say, if a constituent of his
were assailed in this manner, privilege or ne privi-
lege he should hold the assailant as a calumniator,
and if he undertook to avail himself of the pre tec-
Son of his privilege, he should denounce him as
still worse.
Mr C said he was for getting all the information
on the subject that the Senator from Massachusetts
requirea, and also that desired by the Senatoi from
Connecticut, (Mr Niles,) and, when that was done,
if it should be found that the public officers were
justly censurable, he wou'd be ready to give them
his condemnation But justice, as well as huma-
nity, forbade that he should condemn any man in
advance, by inference or implication, from ex paite
statements or charges
Mr WEBSTER said he undertook to endorse
nothing but the iespectability of the writer of the
letter which he had read, and he believed there
were fifty letters now m the city, confirming his
statements, which he also believed to be true. But
he now proposed an inquiry, that all doubt might
be settled on all sides, and that it might be ascer-
tained how such a state offsets existed, if the} did
exist. Mr W. had characterized nothing. He
had in this respect avoided the course of the Sena-
tor from Connecticut But he believed there had
been a dear breach of the statute on this subject,
and he wanted to know whether there was any
thing to justify it He was not disposed to treat
public officers with extreme delicacy he had
drawn his resolution hastJv, but without intending
any disrespect
Mr. CLAY of Alabama íepliedthathehad mile
no objection whatever to the inquiry. On the con-
trary, he stated distinctly tnat he was m favoi of it,
and if, when the facts were brought out, the pub ic
ofheers concerned should be found to be censura-
rable, he would be ready to pronounce judgment
on them But the Senatoi from Massachusetts de-
nied that he bad charged these public officers by
implication It was true that the Senator did not
undertake to charge them, on his personal know-
ledge, with having violated the laws, to the in-
jury of the public creditois, but what did he
do? He (the Senator) stated m Irs pUec
that these thing* were said of them, and that he
believed them to be true Now Mr C aske I the
Senator fiom Massachusetts where was the pro-
priety of making insinuations calculated so deeply
to implicate the conduct ot individuals on a mere
resolution of inquire Did any Senator resist the
adoption of the resolution1 No one for it was
not usual to resist an mquuy, whether it telated ts
the conduct of public officers or not Then had
he not a right to complain that when an inquiry
was instituted, and before the individuals concerned
had an opportunity of uttenng a v ord of explana-
tion or defence, the Senator came forward with
implications of the most damnmg character against
them, and endorsed thsm by representing the man
■who made them as a man of high eha'aetcr ind
respectability
Tne Senator from Massichusetts might, as he
said, have gone no farther than hid been frequent-
ly done on such occasions, but 1! such was the
custom in the Sena t, t was i bad one, and the
sooner it was abolished the be ter r would be for its
dign ty* and respectability
Zvlr HUBBARD offered a Substitute for the
former part of Mr. Wíbsti-r's resolution, which
•
Mr Wfbstfr objected to as too general, and
which, at the request oí Mr Cím of Alabama,
Mr. Hobüaed withdrew
Tne amendment of Mr Nn es fas then rnodi-
fie!, to read as fi'iows
" And that he fimher report to theSenate, wheth-
er the late Bank of the (Tmtcd States ha  3 et paid,
01 accounted with the Government, the sum of ore
hundred and s xty thousand dollars, unjustly de-
tained, on a pictenceof a claim of damages for the
non-piyment of the draft dtawu on the French
Government, and also to report what loss the Uni-
ted States lnv c 'ustamed by depositing the public
revenjes in banKs, or by receiving the notes of
banks which have fulled, or their bills become de-
pieciated "
In this shape it was agreed to, and die resolution
of Mr Web«tivR, as amended by Mr Niles, was
adopted
After its adoption, Mi BAY4RD said that the
S oretan of the Senate was in doubt whether the
word unjustly h id been retained 01 stricken out of
the resolution just adonted
The CHAIR sud that the motion to strike out
had not been put, b it that motion could now be
put, b> leave of the Senat>
Mr NILES said he had not withdrawn the word
unjus'ly, but would not delay the Senate by taking
a vote on it, and as lht resolution had pss'ed, he
would consider the word withdrawn.
On motion of Mr LYON,
Resohe'l, Tim the Committee on Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of report-
ing a bill for the purpose of making the same pro-
vision for the officers and soldiers of the aimy, that
ts made for the officers and marrnes of the naval
service, by an act, entitled "An act for the more
equitable administration of the Navv Pension
fund,"appioved March 3d, 1837.
SUB-TREASURY.
Mf NORVELL said, that yesterday he had
voted with the majority to make the Divorce bill
the order of the day for that day two weeks Upon
reflection, he thought tnat the postponement was too
long Great anxiety seemed to prevail, not only
here, but elsewhere, for the early consideration of
this great measuie He had observed 'ette>-,
from New York, published in the morning
papers, statin  that the mercantile community
were at a ■-tand, unaWe or unwilling to go
on with tne tian-"ction of their legular busi-
ness oix-ritiois, bociuse of the delay on the
p"rt of Congress in acting ('cfimtivclj on this ci r-
rency question It appeared to him very evident,
loo, from the debate which had just taken place
unon a rpsolntion of inquiry, d reí ted to the Secre-
tary of in Tietsut} 'hat the sooner dus connec-
ti( n between I? nic ind SU'e could be brought to
an issue, the be't"i it woa'd be foi all piities He
therefore moved a reconsideration of the vote of
y esleíday, vvi'h a v ew lurtber to make a motion
that the Divorce bi ' be made the special older of
thedaj iorTuesiay next
M er a <cw remarks ft ora Mr WEBSTER, and
Mi WRÍGH1, the. question was taken, and the
iccons derat on was ordr ei—ayes 21, noes 17
Oiiphui of Mi  NORVELL,
The b 1 vv s 'hen made the special older for
Tjisda* "en
Mr KlVES, on leive, introduced a bill autho-
rising the necessaiy examinations and survey? for
the tstab'ishment ol a 11 iv il lende/ one and depot
near the southern extiennty of Tione-j vvhich was
lead twre  and ordeied to a third readng
Mr BUCHANAN moved to tai,e up the bill
reported bj hill the other day tor the maintenance
of our neutral lelation on the miaud frontier,
wnich, afier  ome remarks from Messrs WAL-
KER  md BUCHANAN, w-u adopted
Mr. DAVI^>, after some remarks, sihmitted an
an endment, wiK,h, on in evpluidtion from Mr
Bochan.,*., that he case was already proved
form  he e ís'ng laws, h" v ithdrew
The In 1 vns m 11 ordered t be enc-os ed lor a
! iird r*>a n< ¿
'ihe fol ow-ing oills w ie then seveially wad the
third|time and passed
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein
named.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Ferguson.
The bill lor the relief of John McCarty.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Caroline E Clr-
therall, widow of Dr. George C Clitherall, late a
surgeon in the army of tne United States.
The bill for the relief of the Steamboat Compa-
ny of Nantucket.
The bill for the relief of Thomas A Smith.
The bill to authorize the Seetetary of War to pay
to Benjamin Murphy, of Arkansas, the value of
his corn, cattle, and hogs, taken lrom him by the
Chetokee Indians in 1828
The bill for the relief of (he legal representa-
tives of Fiancis Cazot
The bill for the rel of of the owners of the ship
Alleghany and their legal representatives
The Senate then adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIYES,
Thursday, January 18, 1838
Reports fiom committees beu g called for, the
following bii Is, &c  were reported
NAVAL AFi 4IRS
Mi WISE reported Senate bill, without amend-
ment, for the relief of Andrew Armstroi g
Also, a bill granting to James Low a section of
land
Mr INGHAM reported a bill for the relief of
Vincent Marco>-etti.
Also, a bill for the relief of J. Loomis and James
Bassett,
Also, a bill for the relief of John March
Also, a bill for the ro'ief of Ep«-oni Hamilton
Mr GR A NTLAND reported Senate bill wish
an amendment, entitled an act to amend the fifth
section of the act parsed June 13, 1834, for the bet-
ter orga-ization of the Marine Corps
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr MORGAN reported a bill for the relief of
"ames Boy d
Mr FRY reported a bid granting a pension to
Sarah Barney of Connecticut
Mr. EWING reported a b 11 for th° reuef of
William Steele of the State of New York
INVAIID PENSIONS
Mr PLUMER reported a_bill granting a pen-
sion to Jarres Smith
A bill granting a pension to Thomas Fraser.
A bill granting a pension toM M'Crea
Mr AYCRIGG reported bills granting pensions
to John W Jewell; to Daniel M Rofy; and to
Benjamin F  Weston.
INDHN   AFFAIRS.      -
Mr. BELL reported a resolution directing the
Committee on Indian A^airs to inquire into the
expediency of increasing the number of clerks em-
ployed in the office of the Commissioner of Indian
A (lairs
SlLFCT   COMMITTEE
Mr McCLELLAN, of New York, fiom the Se-
lect Committee to whom was referred the memorial
of Robert W. Murphey and others, reported a bill
auihonz ng the erection of a monument to Dav id
William^, one of the captor, of Major Andre
WATS AND   3IEANS
On motion of Mr CAMBRELENG, the Com-
mittee of Way s and Means was discharged from
the fuither consideration of the report of the Secre-
tary of War on the claims of the Slate of Mas«a-
chus tts for se vices and advances during the late
war, and that the same be referred to the Commi'-
tee on Military Affairs
1Ü&ICIARY
Mr THOMAS reported Senate till, without
amendment, to abolish public executions in capital
cases
Also, a bill fo* the relief ol Joseph Wallis.
Also, a bill to provide fo>- the settlement of the
claims of Waller Jones ¿>gains,t the United States
Rr V OLUTll \ -UvY CI AIMS
Mr MUHLENBERG reported a bill for the re-
lief oQthe legal represent?tnes of L eut Col Wil-
liam Ful'on
Mr UNDERWOOD repoited a bill for the re-
uef of the heirs of Will am Langford
Also, a bill ¡or the relief of the heirs of Thomas
Glascock
Mr. CRAIG reported a bill for the relief of the
corporation of the First Presbyterian Church oí
