ÍQÚ
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mi CALHOUN was decidedly opposed to any
dcla\ , it was all-important to the commercial la-
ter*- i ot the countiy that the tneasuie should be
dec de 1 on at once Hr mo ight it be'tci to fix the
first early day for the ronsidcrat on of this vci}
important bil1, when the chauman oi tne Com-
mittee on Finance coal make his explanatons
and suggestions , that, in h s opinion, would be the
best mode of proceeding If gentlemen ot that
time did not fii 1 themselves prepare 1 ti go on wilh
the discussion, he, for one, would be disposed to
grant it, but w ould govern himself as the exigency
of the case rmplit íequire
Mr ROANE said, from a destie n eft" iy
possible courtesy to those who aske 1 for ir-ig'r
time for consideration on this ?1I important matter,
he would, as he had voted with the majority -yes-
terday fot a reconsideration, move to íeconsjder
that vote
The discussion having been continued foi some
time,
Mr WALKER moved to lay the motion to re
consider on the table.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky called for the ayes and
noes, which were ardered; when there appeared foi
the motion ID, against it 27, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbeit, Fúlton, Ginndy,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lvon, Niles,
Norvell, Smith of Conneciicut, Walker, Wright
and|Young—19.
NAYS—Messis Bayard, Black, Brown, Chj
of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Knight,
McKean, Merrick, Morris, Nicholas, Pientiss,
Preston, Rives, Roane, Robbing Robinson, Rug<jles,
Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Southaid, Swift, Tall-
madge, Tiptnn, Webster and White—27.
Mr. CALHOUN still pressed an early conside-
rance of the bill southern interests weie already
suffering
Mr CRITTENDEN opposed the measure
Mr. RIVES thought the delay of a few daj s
could be a matter of no consequence to Ihe com-
mercial interests of the country, but would be ot
vast importance to Senators lie thought the
time before fixed on would hive a tendency to ac-
celerate rather than retard the public business, by
that period every Senator could digest the subject,
and prepare his mind for prompt action Here
was a bill which the committee had been six o. seven
•weeks in preparing, and wnen seven or eight davs
were asiied, to prepare to ineetthe measure, gentle-
men were disposed to deny us even that time Was
there any thing unreasonable m asking such a post
ponemenf If it had taken seven weeks to prepare
this bill, with all the aid and stimulus of the Sena-
tor from South Carolina to help it on, should «f,
•who were opposed to the measure, be ekmied a few
days1   He trusted not.
Mr. BROWN spoke at length against the mo-
tion to reconsider He thought the sooner a deci
sive and prompt action was had on the subject, ll e
better for the interests of the people and the Go-
vernment He did not know howgenl'emai could
reconcile the inconsistency of their conduct in rel-i-
tion to the matter When the fuends of thf Admi-
nistration were desirous of bringing it foi ward, they
were charged with a disposition to force it upon tli-
consideration of the Senate at an eaily and impro-
per period. When they were preparing and arrang-
ing its details, they were charged with dilaionness,
and taunted with a wish to surrender the qje-,tum
It had been said, in and out of the House, that we
did not intend to carry through the measure, that it
was a mere ad captandum, gotten up for political
effect. He, (Mr B ) as one of its friends, was
w tiling to give an earnest of his desire to pro-
secute it to a complete fulfilment Never did inv
thing come with a worse grace than d ese com
plaints i,om the souice they do In a discussion
which t( ok place m this body S"m  weeks since, it
was i«ked, and snee.mglv asked, "Why did
not the Committee en Fnnnc" bring forward
their Sub-Treasury c'iems mstea I of % pira-
june bill for •!• s ten nubs ^aiire!' And
when the conimeicial in 1 o*i ei i i1 itst-s n'this
great country were nquniiig iliat C ingres should
act promptly on this matter, we are told that up
are endeavoring "to 'orce upon them a sjstem
more odious th-m the alien and sedition law itself''
Sa, (sai I Mi B) ihi* svstem, thus denounced by
the friends of a papei umency, was the system ol
the fia m is of the Conslitution, and wis't and bet-
ter men nevei liv-d Banks weie never contem-
pHtcd by the fathers of the Constitution as agents
of Government, and experience had shown us that
the Government should not again put it in their
power to enbanass us operations Ml B thought
we were bound by every eomidei ation not to delay
the «"ubject any longei, and he trusted the motion
wóul 1 not prevail
The question «as then taken on the motion to
reconsider Hie vote of tcsterday, and earned by a
vote of 23to 20, as fo'low
YE VS—Messrs Bayard, Black, Clay ol Ken-
tucky, Chv ton, Crittenden, Davis, Kmsht,
McKean, Meir ck, Morris, Nicholas, Prentiss,
Preston, Rues, Roan, Robinns, Rilsg'es, Seviei,
Smith of Indiana, Southaid, Swift, Tallmadge,
Tipton, Web-ter, and White—23
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Renton, Brown, Buci a-
nan,, Cilhoun, Clay of Ahbama, Cuthbeit,
Fulton, G undv, Hubbard, King, L nn, Lump-
kin, Lvon, Nil"s, Norvell, Robinson, Smith ol
Connecticut, Walker, Wright, and Young—20
fheqiesiion to reconsider Ihe vote of yestcr-
dav being cimed, trie question was then taken on
flung the day foi making this bill the special or-
der, when Tuesday week was agreed on by vote oí
23 to SO
Tne CHAIR commumcaied a íeport received
fiom tl e Secretaiy of the Treasury, m obedience
to ■> resoluuon of the Senate, showing the amount
of specie leceived at the land offices, &c. which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The bill for the relief of the executrix of Richard
W Meade then came up on its third reading,
when
Mr WRIGHT rose and nddre.W the Senate
until a hie hour against the bill He legretted thai
he felt it a paramount duiy to resist it, from consi-
derations of justice to the country and his own con-
science 1 le entered into a succinct bjstoiy of this
case fi on the time of Mr Meade's visit lo Cadi¿
in ISO"?, up to the peno ' when the claim was mack
on this c lUnti), uudei the provisions of the treaty
with Spain, from \ hich he maintained that Mr
Meade had no well-founded claim on the United
State-,, but that the claim was between himself and
thf Government of Spain, growing out sf transac-
ts s ^f i p-iyte nature The bill, in its present
--h no, il w is Irt'e, appnpnateJ nothing, but it
nevei theirs delegated the important poweis of Con-
gress to *Uree individuals, which course, he con-
ceived, whatever might be Ihe virtues and acquire-
T-nts ol the gentlemen-, (and he did not believe
three bettet could ' " f nnd,) w?s dangerous in
its-=ll, an' «r rig in punciple Even if the com
miss on to vvb >m it waspioposed to refer it should
decide against the claim, still Ihe passage of the bd
bv the Smalt night be looked on hereafter as a
solemn lecogmlio'i of the justice of th"- cla'-m
On in >tion oi Mr HUBBARD, the furihei eon-
sidciati i o< tli * bid was postponed until to moi-
iow
M PULTON, on 'eve, ínfiodnced a bill to
au he i 7 tl e 'ocation o' p-e empt'on ccr'ificates by
the reg st , 11 ie Ian 1 office at Batesv die, Aikan-
sss, undti act < f 26 h fhi, 1834 n-ad twice, and
refeired to  he C > mn ttcc on Private Land Claims
On motion oí M WALKER the Senate pro-
ceded to th™ eonsdeiatioi of Exeeu lie biu.ness .
and soon after
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, Jan 10, 1838
On mo ion of Mi  HOWARD,
Who ad ver ed. as a reason ft r making it, to tin.
ímroi lance oí debill, n i elation to the Canada
frontiei, snndrv Dills Iron the Senate, King on the
Speaker s tab c, wre liken up, read a nrst an I se-
cond line, and íeferred lo tneir app opnate st-<, d
ins comr i t e--'-
Tne bill en tied ?n ac to -■mend the act of 1918,
foi the pun sum "-t c, certnn crime; against the
United States, |vi/, 'opiovide for the better protec
tion oi the  vve'ternfuntiei]  was read twice, and
On motion of Mi. HOWARD,
Referred to tne Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The following bills were also read twice, and
comrmted to the appropriate standing committees-
An act for the relief of certain persons therein
named.
An act for the relief of Samuel Ferguson.
An act for the relief of the heirs of Francis Ca-
7cau.
An act foi the relief of John M'Cartney.
An act for the lebef of the Steamboat Company
of Nantucket
vAn act for the relief of Catherine E Chtherall.
An act for the relief of Thomas A Smith.
An act to authorize th  Secretary of War to ad-
just and pay to Benjamin Murphy, of Arkansas,
the value of his corn, cattle, and hogs, taken by
the Cheiokee Indians m the year 1828
An act for the relief of the owners of the ship
A.!leghany, and their legal representatives
The SPEAKER laid before the House sundiy
Exeoutiv e communications
1    Plum the Secretary of War, tiansmittmg a
íepoi t of the officers charged with the Topographi-
cal bureau ot the sui vey of Provmcetow n harbor,
Massachusetts.
On motion of Mr GRENNELL, laid on the ta-
ble, and on motion of Mr REED, 1,000 copies of
'he ohi t ordered to be engiaved
2    From the Secretary of War, transmitting a
statement of the amount of postages paid on letteis
and papers transmitted by Express mail
On motion of Mr MONTGOMERY, referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Road 
, 3. From the Secretary of War, transmitting an
abstiact of all the pension laws now in. foice, to-
gether with the inslructions issued thereunder from
time to time
On motion of Mi. HOWARD, laid on the table.
Mr HO WA B D mo v ed to pi mt 3,000 extra copies.
Mr GRENNELL moved 10,000, which was
agteed to
CANADA AFFAIRS
Mr FILLMORE asked the consent of th 
House to s ibmit the following íesolution
Resúhíd, That the President of the United Stales
be lequesled, if not mcompatib'e with the public
interests, to communicate to this House any m-
foi mation possessed by him, respecting the capture
and deslruction of the steamboat Caroline at
Scb.los-.er, during the ii'ght of the 29th of Decem-
ber last, and the murder of citizens of the United
States onboard, and all the particulars thereof not
heietofore communicated And especially lo m-
forn the House whether said capture was autho-
nzed, commanded or sanr'ioned,orhas been avow-
ed by the British authorities or officers, or any of
them And, also, what steps have been taken by
him to obtain satisfaction from the Government of
Great Butam on account of  p id outrages. And
to communicate to the House any correspondence
íelative theieto, which has passed between the Go
veinmcnt of the United States and Great Britain,
or any of the public authorities of either
Objection being made,
Mi F moved a suspension of the rale, but the
House rpfused
Reports from standing committees were then
cilled for
WAYS AN  MEANS
Mi CAMBRELENG íeported a bill for the re-
lief of GUtert'er and Albcy, of New Orleans ,
which «as read tw ce, and postponed till Friday
next
AKo, a bill respealmg cert'm provisions of the
act to altei and amend the several acta imposing
duties on impoits, approved 14th July, 1832.
The bill having be-n read twice,
Mi CAMBRELENG moved to postpone it, for
furthei (onside-iatton, till this day two weeks
Mr TITUS moved ,t« icfei-ence to the Commit-
tee on Manufac ures, which motion was sustained
by Mess's T1LL1NGHAST, BIDPLE, and
EVERETT, a d opposed by Messrs CAMBRE-
LENG aid HAYNES, when Mr CAMBRE-
LENG'S ¡notion was agreed to—ayes 92, noes 69.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
Tne Hou=e then resumed the consideration of
