CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
the Mississippi election case, the questions pendmg
being as follows:
Mr. BRONSON Moved the following resolution-
Resofaed, That Messrs. S. S. Prentiss and T. J.
Word are not members of the 25th Congress, and
are not entitled to their seats m the House us such.
The question pending being on the motion of
Mr. Bell, who on yesterday noved to amend by
striking out all after the word " Resolved," and
inserting as follows: " That the resolution of this
House of the .3d of Octoher last, declaring that
Samuel J. Gthoison and John F. H. Claiborne
were duly elected members of the 25th Congress,
was agreed to without a knowledge of all the facts
which were material to a correct decision of the
question presented, and the same is hereby re-
scinded."
Resolved farllier, That Messrs. Prentus and
Word were duly elected members of the 25th Con-
gress, from the State of Misssippi, m November
last, and are entitled to take their seats as such,
Mr. Prentiss, one of the contestants, con-
cluded his remarks, and he was followed, very
briefly, by Mr. GHOLSON, and by Mr. FOSTER,
of New York, at some length, when, without con-
cluding, the last gentleman gave way to
Mr. HOLSEY, on whose motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, January 19, 1837.
Mr SMITH of Indiana presented a petition of
MeKee, Harding and Co and 190 citizens oí
Wheeling, Virginia, praying Congress to authorize
a subscription on the part of the General Govern-
ment to the slock of the JefTersonville and New
Albany Canal Company.
Mr. SMITH said he had received the petition
yesterday at too late a period to present it. The
petitioners include almost the entire business por-
tion of the citizens of Wheeling, as he understands.
They represent the objeet of the petition to be, to
enlist Congress in aid of the construction of a canal
around the falls of Ohio, on the Indiana side, of
sufficient capacity to pass steamboats of the largest
size at all seasons of the year A charter had beeh
granted to the company by the Legislature of In-
diana. The work, he said, was one of great na-
tional importance, and he hoped and believed it
would receive from the Committee on Roads and
Canals, to which he proposed to refer it, all the
consideration its importance entitled it to. It wab
one only of a number of petitions emanating from
different place? on the Ohio, that would be pre-
sented to Congress on this subject; and as it was
a subject of mere than ordinary importance, he
asked that the petition might be printed, which was
ordered accordingly, and referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a memorial from
sundry citizens of Portland, Mame, praying an
appropriation for the erection of a beacon on St
George's shoal, in the entrance of that haiboi ,
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affan s
Mr BUCHANAN presented a memoiial liom
sundry citizens of Philadelphia praying that the
frigate Rantan, now on the stocks, might be com-
pleted, which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affan s.
Mr NORVELL presented a petition fiom a
number of Mechanics and othsr inhabitants of the
city of Philadelphia, praying that Congress should
make an appropriation for the completion of the
construction of the frigate Rantan, now on the
stocks in that city, as soon as ptacticable- rtfened
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the netition of Sewaid
Porter; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS,
Resolved, That  the Secretary of the Treasui}
furnish to the Senate a list of all articles of mer-
chandise of import subject to duties and  the rite
of said duties, also, a list of all articles of import
admitted free of duty.
On motion of Mr. WEBSTER,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
jo transmit to the Senats a list of all persons and
corporations appointed pension agents, under act
of the 90th April, 1836, or under any other autho-
rity; and communicate copies of all orders anl
regulations prescribed to such agents.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana offered the following
resolution, which lies one day on the table-
Resolved, That the Coi 2iittee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of granting to the State o£ Indiana the pre-emption
right to the lands obtained^ the late treaty with
the Miami Indians, m that State, onsuch terms and
at such price as shall be just, to aid the State m her
works of internal improvement.
The reports of the Committee on Pensions ad-
verse to the petitions of Robert Mann, John Howe,
Benjamin Bancroft, Isaac Bates, Calhanne Pain-
ter, Anne E. Crittenden, and sundry ct'ieis, weic
severally considered and concurred in
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Rev o-
lutionary Claims, moved to discharge that commit-
tee from the further consideration of the petition of
Elisha Sutton, and to refer it to the Committee on
Pensions.    The motion was agreed to
Mr. N. also moved a recommitment of the report
on the petition of William and Henry Fulfo-d,
with additional documents, which he presented to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The mouon was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of the executrix of the late
Richard W Meade then came up as the unfinished
business of yesterday
Mr. WALKER addressed the Senile for some
time, with much zeal, in favor of the claim, and
chiefly in answer to the íemaiks of Mr Wright ol
yesterday. Pie maintained that the claim was
founded in justice, and not to meet it would be a
violation of every principle of justice, a violation
of the solemn treaty with Spam, which released
that Government from all debts clue to oui citizens
Mr. NILES said he had snppoited the bill on
another occasion, and felt still disponed to do so, if
it were modified to suit his views. He thought it
would be better to so amend it, that a board might
report all the facts m the case, and its opinion m
relation to the whole subject, when the Senate
would be better prepared to act definitely. Mr. N
therefore moved an amendment, to the effect that
the board created by the first section of the bill
shall repon the facts of the case, and the principles
applicable to such facts; and whether, in then opi-
nion, any thing was due, and what sum of the ori-
ginal claim of said Meade against Spam, and
whether, in law or-equity, the United States was
bound to pay said claim to the heirs of R W
Meade.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky wished that the Seuatoi
would withdraw his amendment. He thought it
calculated to pioduce delay, and to embarrass the
final passage of the bill There was no danger, as
had been remarked before, about othei claims
growing out of lh<? passage of this act The claim
of the Meadcs stood isolated and alone fHeic
Mr C went into a long detail of all the citcnm-
stances connee'ed with the case, contending for the
justice of the claim, and the injury the family of
the Meades had sustained by the long delav of the
Government to do them justice ]
Mr HUBBARD moved to recommit the bill,
with mstiuctions to amend it, by striking out the
second section, and substituting that offered by the
Senator from Connecticut, (Mr Niles )
Mr. BUCH4NAN was oí opinion that the b°st
course would be to pass the bill in its pres"it
shape. Congress had already spent moie time i,-i
the discussion of this subject than would pav the
claim (large as it was) twice ovei He would un-
dertake to say that the claim might be examined,
item by Hem, b\ ereiy Senator, and that no more
would be known when they were done than when
they began, and that the opinions of no two Se-
nators would be alike on its merits. He thought
no better node could be adopted than that of
inference to a board of three commissioners, and
ihosp named here were as competent as. any um'er
the Government, and, in fact, there was no otbei
wav of gel ting rid of it
Mr HUBBARD was opposed to the clai n m
all its features he did not believe m its justice,
but if it were correct, by adopting the amendment,
he should then have a distinct opinion expressed,
which would in truth expedite its liquidation rather
than retard it And besides, we should not dele-
gate the powers of Congress to individuals; he
was opposed m pnnciple to any such proceeding.
Mr. WALKER hoped the motion would not
prevail, it was the same in substance, though not
in language, with the one offered by the Senator
from New Hampshire on another occasion, and
lost. It was not possible for any board to examine
the case, and report on it, m time for the action of
Congress this session There were over three
thousand documents to be examined, and the
whole transactions m the case exceeded four
millions of dollars, being fiom 1807 to 1814.
Can any Senator believe it possible to do so? The
tln'ig "u as impossible' He would undertake to say,
th?t jf that course weie pursued, the youngest child
of the Meades would not be living to see it pei-
fected Whv dul the Senatoi object to the refei-
ence1 Ifheweie satisfied to vote on the opinion
of a board, evpie^cd in favor of the claim, why
not on thei1- final decision on the claim itself.
Mr HUBBARD replied, that though he had
entile confidence in the individual's named, yet
it would be involving principles which he was not
disposed to sanction
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, made some few
observations in favor of recommitting  the   bill
He had not hid sufficient  light  to enable him to
vote on the bill understandmgly.
The question was then put on Mr HUBBARD'S
motion to recommit.
Mr WALKER asked foi the yeas andnais,
when theie appeard for the motion 17, against it
24, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Clav ton, Davis, IJubbaid, Morns, Niles, Pierce,
Rubbins, Robinson, Rnsgles, Smithof Connecticut,
St'injv, Tipton, Williams, Wi ght, and doling—
1/
NAYS—Allen, Bajaid, Black, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Kentucky, Ci Hienden, Cuthbeit,
Fulton, King, Knight, Lump<nn, McKean, Mer-
rick, Nicholas, Noivell, Preston, Rives, Roane,
Suothard, Sp¿nce,Sttift,Tallmadgp,and Walkei—
24
The question then leiAimng on the passage of
the bill-
Mr. WALKER asked for the yeas and nav s
Mr WRIGHT offered a few observations not
distinctly heard.
The question bems; put, was carried by a vote uf
23 to 1G, as follows
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Bayard, Black, Brown,
Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, Cnttenden, Cuth-
bert, Fulton, King, Knight, McKean, Meinclc,
Nicholas, Norve 11, Preston, Rives, Roane, Sou h-
a'd, Sienee, Suilf, Talhmde, and Walker—23.
NAY-i—M"ssis Cilhoun, Clay of Alabstmi,
Ola)ton, Davis| Hubbard, Lumpkin, Morris,
Pieice, Robbms, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Si.ange, Tipton, Williams, Wright, and Younf
—16
The Senate then aljourned till Monday
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Sati aniY, Jan. 20, 1838.
Reports fiom standing committees  were called
for
WA'S AND MEAN'S.
Mi C ¡VMBRELENG made an adverse report
on ih„ mpmonal of Lewis Feuchtwanger, propos-
ing a -ubsti ution oí German sdver for coppei com,
also, an adverse report on the petition of the pro-
puetcrs of the Neopolttan ndemnitv stock [for the
Goiemmsnt to assume it,] bodi of which were
laid on the table
Mr M'KIM repoited a bill for the relief of Za~
e'iariah .Telli'di
CI AIMS
M D ARLINGTON, reported a bill for the re-
lict of Sflveslpr Phelps and the heiu and legal ir-
piesen'atuc> of Gaarles Landon dee'd
JLDflARY
Mr BRUYN reported a b'H for the relief of John
Balch, Jr
EEVOnmoMmy claims
Mi    MUHLENBERG   reported   Senate   bill,
