,                ________________     CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            131
trigues constantly carried en at the seat of Govern-
ment, and contended that until the time should ar-
rive when the officers of our army and navy could
rely entirely on the proteet.on of Congress, our
national honoi would never be secure.
Mr. UNDERWOOD was unv dling to be driven
into a hasty passage ot this appiopnation without
due examination, f<^ he had-heady voted chcer-
iully for upwaids ot ten millions to put an end to
the Flouda war. Theic was another reason. At
the commencement oí the session, a resolution
introduced by him had b-Jen adopted, calling upon
lb? Secretary of Wai to  intoimation in leiation to
die proceedings' were; but no response had yet
come in. He would not say thai the withholding
oí this information would induce hiai to withheld
the money. On t> centraly, he was disposed to
give the monej , a ' should continue to do so, ioi
the present at least, on the punciple that when his
house was on fue he -would t'y and first put it out,
and iPqiiTc mn the cause o: the conflagtation af-
terwards Mr. U. deprecated the coarse of the-c
ex ptnle trials an ' condemnation of Generals Scott
and Jesup. Take the ca e oí the capture of Oceo-
'a, lor Mlith the latier hai been censmed n -d
*hoy all the h,cts oefore them'' They hid not, but
die letter of G¡ u Jesup justified that act, for it ap-
peared that Ojeóla had come m with a peiñdious
intention, and Mi. U. adduced parallel instance": m
the early wars ei the "West, known to all. He ob-
jected, however, to such denunciations, on eithei
tide, beioie all the facts were ascertained With
refeience to Gen. jesup, lie had befoie lead to Ihe
Hou'e a It iter from tnat officer, in v Inch he stated
that he (Gen. J.) v¡ 'shed a mo t full and ample in-
quiry into all hi-- transactions, both in the Ci'ck
an i Seminole campaign . As to the Icltei to 1<\
P. Bla.r, he hcid ihit it hai been ímpiopury used,
but the writer ias nut responsible for 'hit, tor he
had marked it "p iv?te ' a id did i.ot address it
íneetly to the Pie- dent of the Un'leu. States, but
even if it had been addressed to (he Pres.dent duect-
\,, Mi U. held that th¿ second in command had a
_i2>.t, pad it was his duty, to make known what he
behevui to be the truth to the commandei-in-chief.
Take the case of Gen. Hull supposing him *o
nav s b^en gdnty oí intriguing With the enemy, and
tnat his ¡.croud m command knew it, would any
one hav e censured the latter for making that lact
known t > the then commander-in-chief, the Presi-
dent of tne United States? Again, it should be le-
mtmWcd that Gen. Jesup had voluntaiily redact-
ed ait he had said in relation to Gen. Scott. Mi.
U. did not, howcvei, believe that the delay
of this war was tne fault ei'h-r ol oui Geneials
or the dimy, for he beheveJ they had ail done the
test they could. The fault lay m .ending too large
a force, ten or twehc thousand men, e/i muss-, and
theiemeely, he thon/it, would be to pirque the
sam' collide UK} did > Kentucky mam )eaisag<>
ac. o    iict 1,1, ir. smail patties,  protected by foils,
fe_C
Mi GLASCOuK sai 1, thai in consequence of
the lahtdde v,fti"h this debate had taken, he felt it
to be a duly wh eh he owed to h.msclf, a, well as
h> ihe section of lh" count) wh ch he in paitre-
, ic.ented, to make sum'- remarks m leply to gen-
¡emenwho had preceded him on this question
ile CiLOt^Ung'r legated tne couise which ihis
d sen s u i in ¡ vdvcn , but inasmuch as this couise
c t t\< j(" \.d •. -utd, he wished to be permitted to
nW.e , .-i nan. miepiv. At the commence-
m i,t i. t c ) •>- cut debate, cnaiges serious ri their
difracte ha'i been mad 3 agamsl the General Ü0-
vcrnment «^ to the pohc> n had pur-ucd towaids
th)«-c Indian fr ees, but h" u-s- convinec , 'i the
gentleman win made ihe chafes had given to the
-abject that attention ub.eh he generally give*
uuesiie >,s uhrh he mv esogate*, he would have
¿ome to th- e. ncl'won 'hat some of the remark,
vh.chhe m-.de *cie not justified by the facts in
lelation to the treaty made with the Seminole In-
dians-. One cdPiae <>i ^e gentleman from Vir-
t .ma, who had but followed up the remaiks of the
genl'eman fium Vermont on a fotmei occasion,
v 3 , that the tuaty with th-^e Indians was a fi.iu-
eluient treatv. He (Mr. G.) well reeol ecled the ..me
when thit charge was first mad- by the gentleman
¡,om   Vnmout,   and   he   als-     well   recounted
the bold and manly reply which was made to it by
the then delegate ñ om Flouda on this floor.    The
geneial charge ¡n relation   to the tieaty not being
valid,  was predicated on t >.e ?iound that the time
for can} mg it into effect had expired before it was
ladfied  by our  Government     lie   would say to
gentlemen, howoves, if they would take the trouble
to íeleí to the Heat/ itself, and to the giound then
assumed by the delegate from Honda, they would
find thit every doubt would  be  removed as to the
v alidity ol thut treaty with the Seminóles, notwith-
stan ling all then sy mpathies for these Indians; and
they won'd at once artrmt thit the iaehanshael been
tieated wi'h th* utin  -t humanity and liberality by
the General Government.   They would find, also,
that the de'ay compla ned of as the cause oí ren-
deung the treatv null and tow, was occasioned by
the act ml the h.dians themscl' -b.    In the treaty of
FoitMoullue «ita these Indian >, t'neie were certain
conditions piectrtent, which  it was not neces-sary
hcie to enter into, but winch all could s.i.e, who
chose lo lefcr to u, and in the subsequent treaty of
Payne's Landing, one of the e mdition, ot it «as that
tome of the principal chiefs should visit the eoumry
to which it  «as contemplated to remove them,
and npui then  being  sa'isfied  With  tin  country,
and makm, ce.tam auangements with the Gieeks,
tec tre-ty was to be lauded and cauied into effect.
This tieaty was made in 183J, and if the treaty was
not  soonei earned  mto   effect,  it   was   because
the Indians had  not sooue' complied with then
pai tot the treaty, as gen'lemen would  se" by a
relerencc to a historv   of the mattci      Gentlemen
weie entirely mistaken m supposing that it was the
fault of the Government that the tieaty  was not
soonei   latilnd   it   was  the   iault ol   th<   1'idians
themselves, and even it Ih s House hael the power
to tender this treaty null and void, the farts ot  the
case v, oald nol jn-ufy i!      Wed,   aflei    the   'leniy
was ralilied, and it was  found  ihat Gen.  Clinch,
act'n<? ander the anthonlv of the Goveii.ment, was
unable to n-move them within the   urns  specified,
-mother } ear «as given them, so that they might
not be put to any gteat inconvenience.    This  was
done in 1835, and at  that time not a voice was
i used in Flouda against the validity of the tieaty,
b'tt all ful!) acinow ledged it as bm ling upon them
Fintheimoie     when   tins   Geneial  Government,
which was now charged with so much inhumanity
and peifidy touaids these Inehatis, found them in a
starving cimillion, appiopiiations weic  made for
then suppi rt and maintenance, and man)  ol  them
owed their lues ti the hbti.ility ol. tne  Govern-
ment in thus providing lo: them     "With what jus-
tic", then, could gendemen stand up hete and   ay
that it was attempted by om olliecis to lrstu<y this
whole  i.ue  ol   unfortunate people''    Gentlemen,
too, ni ic euii"-io the Instoiy oí  the  tiaiisactions
in Flond.', have e\tolled Oieola to the  shies, and
held   him  up   as   an   example    woithy   oí   imi-
tation,    whilst    out    own    orneéis    h?ie     been
h-lel     up     to    public    indignation    and    scoin.
They     should,    however,     lecollect    (Jae    mui-
deis    whieh    that    Chiet    has   committed,    be-
ioie      the)    attempt     to     eulogize     him,     they
should   lecoüfct    the    cold-blooded    murdei    of
Geneial  Thompson by this chiet   with  the   veiy
msiiumeur  «huh  ne h? 1 betn entiusted with in
confi 'ence, oeloie they bestow on him then praise's,
and thev sho! d lecollect that it was  hi  pet Tidy
v.hich hid low a brave and a gall mt odicei who
had placed the utmost confidence in him.    if such
a deed as this had been committed by a loicfcn
<nem/, or by on-> ol  our own officers, it would
have subjected him to eternal m¡am}, }et loi   th s
act tins c aief is proclaimed a have, a gallant, and
a noh'e woinoi, bv gentleme'i on this iloo,     Mi
G  admitted Oceo'a t) have been a deopera'e loe
He believe J him to be a  biave man, and s> ait
many assassins, so are many  mmdereis    They
f at nothing in the day or in the night, and are pre-
paid! to commit the most danng acts- of bravci),
and will auest jour ci\il anthoruj; but aie these
the men  to b- held up to puolic aJmuaion by
honoiable gentlemen on this floor1
The gentleman from IVn.i yl-'aiua (?vt'. IJiddh )
1,11 us 1 language and i^=nrt d li ai0nment ,
which hi ("Wh- G ) little expected uu the present
occa .on     Whfr.   however,   he   tec 1 lee ted   the
gentleman's known hostility to every movement
of the General Government he was willing to
make some allowance for him. Mr. G. would
ask wdiat had the proceedings of ths- Govern-
ment in relatioa to Treasury notes, and what had
the character's of Generals Jesup and Scott, to
do with the present question"before the Hotiset
He concurred entirely in the remaiks of the
gentleman from Kentucky, (Mr. Understood,)
that it w as improper to pronounce condemnation
upon the officers of our army without giving them
a full and a fair hearing. A blow, says the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, has be-n aimed at
General Scott's integrity, and the sword ha  been
struck from his right hand by a blow fiom behind.
Well, s i, might he not retort upon the gentleman
in the same manner, and say that an attempt was
i now making to do the same thing with regard to
another officer of our army? The gentleman had
retened us to the fields ol Chippewa and Niagara
for the gallant exploits of General Scott, and has
told us how his youthful bosom glowed when he
heard o! the triumph ot our arms on those occa-
sions , but had the gentleman forgotten the valorous
deeds ef Jesup on those same battle fields, and that
General Brown himself had said that this gallant
officer was foremost in the blaze of battle? No
man, said Mr. G. can read the history of those
times, oi can look back to them, without awarding
to General Jesup praises for as great bravery as
any of his btother officers. If a blow has been
aimed at the character ot General Scott, so also is
General Jesup, who is now fighting the battles of
his country, about to be condemned without a hear-
ing. Mi. G. was ready and willing to award due
pioise to all our gallant officers, and would con-
eleirm i.one of them without a hearing, as he
thou lit sneh a course little fitting a grave de'ibera-
ttve ist nbl,. With regard to the treachery of
the Or.crokees which had been alluded to, he hoped
they might be enabled to clear themselves of it, as
he should be son y to see such an imputation rest
upon them, and as the gentleman from Virginia
(Mi. Wise) had admonished the delegate from
Flonda not to make this charge against those In-
dians without pi oof, he hoped tke gentleman from
Virginia would take the same admonition from
him, Hot to make charges agamít the Execulive
Departments of our Government without the proof.
If the gentleman would take of him this admoni-
tion, he anticipated that many unpleasant discus-
sions would be avoided, and much unpleasant
feeling prevented. Kut it had been said by the
gentleman from Pcnus}lvania that, if these
Chcrokees had proved treacherous, and evil had
resulted from their mission, those who em-
ployed them were to blame for it. Now, Mr.
G had no doubt that this delegation had b°en em
ployed at the instance, or at least with the sanc-
tion, of the Secretary of War, but he was far
irom believing that that officer was- censurable for
thus employing them Hts motive m their employ-
m nt was good, and it was wrong to censure him
for the failure of the mission. Mr. G. also denied
that the principal was responsible m all cases for I
the act oí the agent, as had been asserted by the
gentleman from Virginia. Suppose the gentleman
and himself had empboyed an agent to perform a
ceitam service in the making of a conuact oi
otherwise, and tha agent had committed a fraud,
were they to be held accountable for that fraud?
He thought not In regard to the statements repre-
sented to have been made by the Cherokes ;
to the Seminóles, that if they would only hold
out this winter, Congress would relu e to make
farther appropriations, and the war would cease,
he had only to say that there was a ,emarkab'e
coincidence between the statement of (he Chero-
kees and the couise of certain gentlemen on thrs
flooi
Mi. G pioceeded at some length to leply to the
| remarks ot the gentleman from Pennsylvania, (Mi
Biddle,) and concluded by urging upen the House
tne propriety of making the appropri<i*on asked fo,
by the bill undc r conoid 'ration.
Mi    UYNTOI commented, :it-ome ¡eii¿lh, „i
tli  ..i.   n-istent coura rf the gentleman m < i\  -
i  s.tion to the  appropriation     He deprecated  thr
idea oi malnnj u ,i pauv qu< non     T\ i Ins par
