~——r i i   i. mi ,i.  ,ii n  if——                                 i.....iin 11 ■ i     v   mln   i i-   r   ii
his aim -would invariable be, first for the.good of
ms"c'duntfy,-'aftd next for his party. He adverted.
to" the 'history of ancient republics, and. adduced,
instances' to show, that ia all cases their ruin had
been accomplished by faction, and by party con-
tests. ' fie could scarcely conceive how gentlemen
could appose the appropriation, and enter into an
investigation-of the conduct of their officers, at the
very time when the war was going on. Such a
course was calculated to retard every measure, to
dishonor the commander, and unnerve the sol-
diers. Such a coarse was wholly unpiecedented,
for a Government to go into an investigation of
the conduct of an officer, while that officer was en-
gaged in the -field, Mr. B. adverted to the con-
ductof the Government during the war with Great
Britain, and in relation to Mexico, and the course
of the Opposition in relation to it. He went into
a "history of the movements of that party; and
said it was evident that the war which the Govern-
ment had most reason to fear, was die war of a
"Bank of the United States.-
Mr. B. was proceeding to reply to some of the
arguments of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
(Mr. Biddle,) in relation to the abolition question;
when
The CHAIR suggested that such a course was
not in order.
Mr. BYNUM said that if he had digressed, he
was but following the example set by others, and
he would cheerfully submit to the suggestion of the
Chair. He then resumed his defence of the Admi-
nistration, and expressed his opinion that there was
not a single member who had a serious doubt on
the propriety of granting the appropriation, unless
they had made up their minds to refuse all appro-
priations and make an infamous peace with sa-
vages.
Mr. POPE gave a statement of the facts which
had induced the Committee of Ways and Means
to report this bill, substantially the same as that
given by Mr. Cambrelenq yesterday, and that it
had been therein unanimously acted upon. He
beseeched his friends, of all parties, to arrest the
farther progress of this discussion, and report the
bill. The war was now going on, it had been re-
cognised by both Houses of Congress, and they
were compelled to appropriate money for its sup-
pression. He was anxious for investigation, and
whenever the proposition was brought forward to
go into an examination of its origin and causes,
and its subsequent proceedings, he should give it
his cordial- support. Some investigate n was ne-
cessary. It had already cost the country some fif-
teen millions of dollars. The people of Kentucky de-
sired it, for the committee of inquiry at Frede-
ricktown had cost more money than had been ex-
pended in- the acquisition of the two States of Ken-
tucky and Tennessee, the fairest portion of North
America.
Mr. CAMBRELENG united his voice to that of
the gentleman from Kentucky, for the immediate
passage of this bill. The Committee of Ways and
Means, in reporting this partial appropriation had
done it for the express pnrpose of avoiding all dis-
cussion, and not interfere with the other bill, which
wouldopen the whole merits of the question. Mr.
C. stated, in addition, that he had received, since
yesterday, a communication from the Secretary of
'War, stating that the Subsistence and the Quarter-
master's Departments were without funds, and that
the Paymaster General had drafts upon him to the
amount oí upwards of $100,000 without the means
to meet them. He again stated that the general
bill would offer ample opportunity to discuss
this whole subject.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wise's
amendment, and it was rejected without a division.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
CANADA FRONTIER.
The committee then took up and considered the
" bill making an appropriation [of $625,500] for
the protection of the Northern frontier of the United
States," and then, rose, and reported the two fore-
gone bills to the House.
Mr.liENCHER called for the yeas and nays
on ordering the Indian appropriation bill to be en-
grossed;  which vera ordered, and  were—Yeas
164, Nays 2,-and the bill was then read the third
time and passed.
Before the vote was announced—
Mi. HAWKINS of North Carolina rose, and
stated that he was momentarily out of his- seat
>vhen his name was called; and the vote on the bill
being so near to unanimity, he hoped therefore that
he might be permitted then to record his vote in its
favor, but it was objected to.
The "bill making an appropriation for the pro-
tection of the northern frontier of the United States"
was then ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and having been engrossed, was read the ihitd
time, and passed.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Navy,, tnms-
mitting a statement "of the appropriations and ex-
penditures of that Department under each specific
head.
Also a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a statement of the nameí, duties,
periods of service, salaries, &c. of the Clerks in
that Department.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG,
The above were severally laid on the table; and
then,
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, January 24, 1838.
The CHAIR announced a "communication from
the War Department, transmitting a rsport from
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs in answer to
the resolution of the Senate of the 16th instant, re-
lative to the claim of George Duvall: laid On the
table, and ordered to be primed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, made
in compliance with the ninth section of the aci of
the 20th April, 1818, transmitting a statement of
the names of the several clerks employed >u the
War .Department, with the compensations pud to
each: laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Navy Department, trans-
mitting the annual statement of appropriations
made for that Department for the year 1837: laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR communicated the preamble and
resolutions adopted by a meeting of the citizens of
Georgetown, D. C. and that part of'Washington
county west of Rock Creek, remonstrating against
the passage of any law by Congress interfering
with the circulation of the notes of the Georgetown
corporation; also, remonstrating against the inter-
ference by any of the Stales or their citizens'with
the institution of slavery as it exists in this District;
which were read, and,
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, that part of the
memorial which relates to the corporation notes
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia; and the other part, relating to slavery,
was laid on the table.
Mr.. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition of
N. Grant, praying to be allowed to commute his
pension for a section of land m the late Creek tci-
ntory of Alabama: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
On moi ion of Mr. MERRICK, the petition and
papers-of John Rurke were again referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of Fran-
ces Moore, executrix of Elias Moore; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of Isaac Col-
lier; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. MORRIS presented the petition and papéis
of Joseph West, praying for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LYON presented a petition from thirty-five
resident citizens of Port Sheldon, in the State of
Michigan, praying Congress to make an appropria-
tion for improving the harbor at that place; also a
petition from thirty-three citizens of Western Michi-
gan, for the same object: referred to ¡he Committee
oa Commerce.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
The petition of AVilliam G. Parker, on the files
óf the'last sessibn,"w s agám Me ed-tí>-,thé.Com-
mittee on Claims.-         - •"    -    -  ;    - -' ■ - -'
Mr. KING presented the memorial ef-¡he-Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of Mobile, asking that
a naval force adequate to the object may be em-
ployed to protect the -commerce of the Gulf of
Mexico: referred to the Committee on' Naval Af-
fairs.
"Mr. KINO also presented the memorial of
George Fisher, administrator of John H. Boyd,
praying to be permitted to locate o'ther lands in lieu
of that taken from him by an Indian ressrvation:
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SPENCE presented the petition of Juliet
Onion, formerly Julia Pendergast, praying to be
placed on the pension roll, under the act of July,
1836, and the supplement thereto of March, 1837;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
the Board of Trade of the city of New York, pray-
ing for the passage of a law to expedite the regular
mail and to discontinue the express mail.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, moved th.it that com-
mittee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the communication from' th? Governor <>f
the State of Vermont, asking for an extension of
the franking privilege; and also froia resolutions
of the Legislature of Mississippi on the same sub-
ject; which motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. NILES,
The Committee on Manufactures was discharged
from the further consideration- of the petition of
the Indiana Pottery Company, praying for a dona-
tion of land.  -
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretar} of War be directed
to lay before the Senate the report of th  engneers
of the Charleston and Cincinnati railroad, made in
October, 1S37.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolution;
which was considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to ihis Senate copies of
all correspondence, if any, which may have pas-
sed between his department and the banks of- the
District of Columbia, after the passage of the de-
posite act of June, 1836, and previous to the sus-
pension of specie payments, relative to the increase
of their loans and discounts within that period.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted the following
resolution, which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to cause to be made an accurate and complete sur-
vey of the Tennessee river, from- its mouth to ihe
highest point of steamboat navigation, exhibiting
the nature of the several obstructions to that mode
of navigation which still exists, the most effectual
plan of removing the" same, and estimates of the
coct of removing said obstructions respectively.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was coasidered and a lop<ed:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to the Senate the report made to ¡he
Department of War since the fir.t session of the
Twenty-fourth Congress, by the D,strict Attorney
of the United States for the district of New Jersey,
concerning the claim of Henry Gale and others to
the Pea Patch island in the river Delaware, toss-
ther with the opinion of the Attorney General, and
any other documents in the Department relating to
the subject, not heretofore communicated to Con-
gress.
The resolutions submitted bv Messrs. NOR-
VELL, McKEAN and MORRIS, on the subject
of slavery, corning up in their order, were severally
laid on the table.
Mr. RUGGLE3, from the Co.nmittee on Fi-
nance, to which had been referred the memorial of
Charles M. Keller and Henry Stone, reported a
bid for their relief; which was read and ordered to
a second reading.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, made some days since,
conveying the returns-of the Bank of the United
States, was, with the documents, ordered to be
printed.
The reports of the Committee of Finance unfa-
