, g--'-"  w^-fys ,-,, ■■   -......_j____     ., ...
vi áb*!e^t(i^Se",'pfetkions of Zehas Wood and
George W. Lantz, were severally concurred in.
On infirm of Mr. LUMPKIN, the map of the
Cherokee country, accompanying the report of the
Secretary of War on the subject of the Cherokee
treaty, was ordered to be printed.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed:
The biil to piovide for the better security of
passengers in vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam;
The bill to create I he office, of Surveyor of
the Public Lands in the Wisconsin Territory;
The biU for the relief of William East; and
The bill authorizing the appointment of persons
to test the usefulness of inventions to improve and
render safe the boilers of steam engines against ex-
plosion.
The bill to provide for the legal adjudication of
certain land claims in Louisiana and Arkansas,
was taken up, and, on the suggestion of Mr. Alon-
áis, laid on the table.
INCREASE OP THE ARMY.
Mr. BENTON tnen moved to ukc up His hill
to increase the present military establish meat of
the United Slates. Mr B. explained all the lead-
ing features of the bill, and said he belie,-ed there
was no diversity of opinion in relation ¡o the. ne-
cessity of an increase of the army; but he believed
there did exist much diversi'y, as to the best mode
oí effecting so "desirable a result. Some thought
it more advisable to fill op the companies, without
increasing the regiments, while others were .for m-'
creasing the number of regiments. The bill be-
fore them was the same as that resolved on at the ij
last session; though, if any gentleman was de-i- !
rous of recommitting the bill, in order to test the
strength of the Senate in relation to an increase of
of the number of regiments, he should be satisfied
for it to take that course. Mr. B. read a letter from
the Secretary of War, recommend,ng an increase
of three regiments, and filling up the companies
to the number of sixty-eight.
Mr. BAYARD spoke of the lamentable defi-
eiency of officers experienced on many occasions
lately, and the general necessity there existed for
an increase of the army. The only difference on
the subject was, whether the skeleton should be
filled up, or the frame still further extended. He
would move *o recommit the bill, with instructions
to increase the regiments to the number of three,
and fill up the companies to the number of sixty-
eight.
Mr. PRESTON spoke generally against an in-
crease of the officers ; he thought they were stilli-
ciently nnmerous without increasing them; it was
men that were most wanted ; in many places there
were not enough to keep up the ordinary drill.
The rank and file might no doubt be increased ad-
vantageously, without much expense, and without
any increase of the patronage of the Government.
Mr. TIPTON was of opinion it would be most
' advantageous to ¡aerease the rank and fite, rather
than officers. The stiff, in his opinion, was already
sufficiently large. If men were added, the orhsers
would bs rendered more efficient.
Mr. CALHOUN thought if an increase of the  •
army was needed, it would  be safest to increase
the regiments.    Experience has shown that where
there were good officers, a  tolerable  good soldier
could be made in seven-pr eight months.
Mr. PRESTON asked'for the ayes ana noes on
the motion 10 recommit, when there appeaed for
the motion 15, against it 27, as follow^:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benton, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clayton, Pulton, Km?, Lumpkin, Lyon,
Nicholas, Pierce, Robbms, Ruggles, Sevier,
Strang , and Tipton—lf>.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brown, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden, Outhbert,
Grundy, Hubbard, Knight, Linn, Merrick, Mon-
tón, Kites, Norveil, Preston, Roane, Robinson,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Spence,
Swift, Walker, White, Williams, Wrigbi, sad
Young—27.
Mr:' BENTON then proposed to amend the bill
by adding to.the .commissariat of subsistence one
assistant commissary general'of subsistence, with
the rank and etjiofuatent'of a lieutenant colonel of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cavaby; one commissary, with the rank and emo-
lument of a quartermaster, and three commissaries,
with the rank and pay of assistant quartermasters;
which ameudm-nt was concurred in.
Mr. CRITTENDEN wished the bill recom-
mitted. We had already more officers 'han were
necessary, and yet they were asked to inciease
them to a still greater extent.' lie would, there-
fore, move to recommit the bill to the coimnitee,
with instructions to strike out- that portion relating
to an increase of the officers, and inert rising the
staff of the a'my.
Mr. BENTÓN said an increase of tho s'.-.ff of
the army had been touched on, he believed, by
every Secretary since the last war. Mr. B. went
on to show the absolute necessity th,ir e\-is' d for
the contemplated increase. Yv"e had l-venty mil-
lions of propei ty scattered over a Mirliv- of
upwards of eight thousand miles, and ¡" some
cases there was not a responsible o.'hc-r to lake
care rf or guard it from injury. We ha I to
employ civil engineers tit a greater expen-\ a-d to
far greater extent, than any contempt.it>d increase
by that bill; men not subject to the rule-; and arti-
cles oi war; in short, men over whom they had no
control.
Mr. B. here read statements from the Seor-tary
of War, and high military officers of the army, to
sustain the views he liad taken. Orden had teen
given from the Department, which it was p'iv> ;.:ally
impossible to carry into elfrct, fur want of the pre.per
officer^. ¿Mr. B, alluded to a large npivopr'eoon
made for some purpose at the month ot'iiie Missis-
sippi, which "could not he (ffe.-ted for want -la
proper ollWr.
Mr. BUCi ÍANAN was of opinion that some in-
crease of the topographical and militar,' engineer*
was neccisarr. While up, he would he «¡rid to
learn from the chairman whether any provision wps
contained in the bid to prevent the employment of
engineers by private compü'ii".-.. He v < net
aware, indeed, that the regulations now p-v mf ed
it; but he believed it was formerly practice i, ,.n I to
some considerable extant. Then lh.r« v-s so ne
reason for it, as civil engineers were seer.:,-; but
now the necessity no longer existed, as the/ wre
scattered all over the country. Mr. B. *aul he .ruler-
stood from men of tried experience, that >n ..uc-
mentalion of die ordnance, topographic"! .•-'.( mili-
tary cng.ticers was necessary. He hoped tee S esa-
tor from Kentucky would withdraw the mot'in to
recommit, antl Set him hear what tho mi inry gen-
tlemen in the Senate would suggest.
Messrs, TIPTON, NICHOLAS, and BENTON
followed.
Mr. Tí ETON then moved in amend the ninth
section by striking out "the two assisunt quarter-
master generals and the two deputy qeancrmasier
generals," ptovuled in that section.
The motion was taken on this amendment and
lost—there be'ng 15 for and 16 again-i it.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, muck he h.id m.-.L- the
allusion to the circumstance of officers of ¡h. airny
being employed by railroad and canal companies,
he had additional evidence that such had been the
practice to a srreat extent, and that oilieci's of the
army had 'accumulated large fortunes in the ser-
vice of these companies, while the business of die
Government was n-'glecte 1. lie, veoo! I, i-ieiefoie,
ofTcr the following amendme.it to the s-om I -ec-
tion of the bill:
"Provided that no officer or the sv.l corps shall
be employed :n any service, for any Pt'te o, '■om-
pnny, for which he shall receive any i"i:n";-is-l'io:i
except his pay from the Unit'! '• S'afs ''
This amend merit being coueu'Te.l :n,j!'e bill
was further amended, so as'o e;ve iu- President
the authonty to cause two ¡'eeimer. ■•' of .n''ir,"-y to
act as a regiment of riflemen v'eea o.xpi dee.ii.
The bill having been reporte! as anvm led, eras
ordered to be engrossed, and reíd-, as >'oiio.v¡:
A BILL ta hiceease the present mihtaiv edibiish-
meotoft'-e  United  States, and f-,r .eUr pur-
pose'-'.
Be it enacted,b^j the Single end Hi.v.=e '--j ii:\)rr;rn-
tatives of the. United Slaiii of .Invric i hi On«TíS 
assembled, That there shall be added to each com-
pany of artillery of the army of the United States,
one sergeant major, in lieu of the present fust ser-
133
gean*, one quartermaster sergeant, two corporals,
and fifty-eight privates; and to each c mrpany of in-
fantry, one sergeant major, in lien of the present
first sergeant, one quartermaster sergeant, one ser-
geant, tivo corporals, and fifty-eight- privates; and
to each company of dragoon', on? sergeant m ijor,
in hui of the present first sergeant, one quarter-
master sergeant, and one saddler, which sadd¡er,
in addition to Irs clothing and subsistence, shall be
allowed twenty dollars per month; and there shall be
added two pr.ncipal musicians to each regiment of
artiPeiy. And the force authorized by this act to-
be added to the present military establishment, and
the officers herein authorized to be appointed, shall
be subject to the laws and regulations which now
govern, or m".y hereafter govern, the military esta-
blishment of the United State;.
Sec. 2. .ire! he it f.irther caacted, That the Pre-
sident of the United States be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to ad J to the corps of engineers, whenever
he may deem it ejped'ent to increase the same, one
lieutenant colonel, two majors, six captains, six
first and sit second lieutenant'"; and that the pay and
emoluni'-nls of the «iid corps -bill be the same as
those allowed to the officer- of tic regime its of
dragoons, peovidrd ilia' no odioerofihe said corps
shall be employed in any service for any'State or
compmr. for wlveh h-> shall receive any coup n-
saiü'íi, ev?.:nt hes nay from the United Stales.
S-o. 3. ,iii J be. H fv.rlh.tr enacted, Tha' so much
of the act p.nsed the twenty-ninth day of Ai>ril,
o;e thoesiud eight hundred and twelve, entitled
" an act making firther provision for the corps of
engineer ," as previ les that one paym ister shall
be taken from the subalterns of the corps of en-
gineers-, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and
that the paymaster, so authorized and provided, be
attached to die pay department, and be, in ever/
lesjiec!, placed on ihe footing of other piymasteis
of the aimv.
See 4. .hulbeil further enacted, That the coips
of topographical engineers shall be organized and
increaso.l, by regular promotions in the same, so
that the. said corps shall consist of one colonel, one
lieutenant colonel, four majors, ten captains, ten
first lieutenants, and ten second lieutenants.
Sec. 5. *lndb¿ it further enacted, Tiiat vacancies
created by said organization, over and above those
which can be filled by the present corps, shall be
taken from the army, and from siieh as it mav be
deemed advisable of the o.ivi! e ¡gmeers employed
un'h-r the act of the thirtieth of April, eighteen
hundred mid twenty four; that the pay and emolu-
ments to the officers of said corps skali be the same
asare allowed to officers of similar rank in the
regiments <if diagoon-..
Sic. G. .1'd be it further enaeled. That the au-
thor.ty to cnploy civil engineers, in the act of the.
thirtieth of April, eighteen hundred and Uventy-
our, be, and the same is hereby, repealed, after the
passage of ihis act.
Sec. 7. .Ind be. it further enacted, That the Presi-
dent of the United States shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint so many assistant adjutants
general, not exceeding four, viih the brevet rank,
p-'.v, and emoluments of a major, and not exceed-
ing lour, with Ihe bievai i'.ink, pay, and emoluments
of a captain of cavalry, as he nt,\y deem necessart";
and th .t they .shall be taken from the line of the o.r
my, and, m aJdition to their own, shall perform
the duties of assistant inspectors general, when the
circumstances of service may require.
Sec. P. And be it further enacted, That theofticers
to he taken froen the line and transferred to the staff,,
under the last precedii.e" section, shall reeeive onSv-
ihe pay and emoluments attached to their rank m
(tie staff; but their transfer sh-'U be without pi-ju-
d.ce to their ran': and promotion in fhj 1 ne, a< -
ct.rdnig to their stid r.iukand seniorin ; which pro-
motion shall take placo according to usaje, in the
seme mititiCf rs if they ha I not been thus trans-
ferred.
Sic. 9. .i'lfi be it father enacl-d, That ¡he presi-
dent of the United States be, and he is herehv, an-
ih  rr/ed, by and with the advice and consent of ¡hs
Senate, to add to the quartermaster's department
not exceeding two assistant quartermaster generals.,
with the lank of colonel, two deputy quartermaster
generals, with the rank of lieutenant colonel, and
