134
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
eight assistant quartermasters, with the rank of
captain; that the assistant quartermasters now in
service shall have the same rank as ií> provided by
this act for those hereby authorized, and that the
pay and emoluments of the officers of the quaiter-
master's department shall be the same as are al-
lowed to officer1? of similar rank in the regiments of
dragoons: Provided, That all appointments in the
quartermaster's department 'hall be made from the
army, and when officers taken for such appoint-
ments hold rank in the line, they shall thereupon
relinquish said rank, and be separated from the
line of the army; and that promotion m said de-
partment shall take place as in regiments and
corps.
Sfc. 10. And be it further enacted, That the quar-
termaster general be, and he is hereby, authorized,
from time to time, to employ as many forage-mas-
ters and wagon-masters as he may deem nece&sary
for the service, not exceeding twenty in the
whole, who shall be entitled to receive each
forty dollars per month, and three rations
per day, and forage for one horse; and neithei
of whom shall be interested or concerned,
directly or indirectly, in any wagon or other means
of transport employed by the United States, nor m
the purchase or sale of any property procured foi
or belonging to the United States, except as an
agent for the United States
Sec 11. Be it fmlher enacted, That there be
added to the commissariat of subsistence one
assistant commissary general of subsistence, with
the rank, pay and emoluments of a lieutenant co-
lonel of cavalry, one commissary of subsistence,
with the rank, pay and emoluments of a quarter-
master of the army, and three commissaries of
subsistence, with the rank, pay and emoluments of
assistant quartermasters.
Sec 12. And be tt further enacted, That the
stewards of hospitals at posts of more than four
companies be hereafter allowed the pay, clothing,
and rations of a sergeant of ordnance, and, at all
other posts, the pay, clothing, and rations of the
first sergeant of a company of infantry.
Sec. 13. And be itfurther enacted, That the Pie-
sident of the United States be, and he is hereby,
authorized to add to the ordnance department,
whenever he may deem it expedient to increase the
same, by and with the advice of the Senate, two
majors, ten first lieutenants, and ten second lieu-
tenants, and that the pay and emoluments of the
officers of the said depai tment shall be the same as
those allowed to the officers of the regiments of
dragoons.
Sec. 14 And be it fui ther enacted, That so much
of the fourth section of the act passed fifth April,
eighteen hundred and thirty-two, for the organiza-
tion of the oidnanee department as authorizes the
officers of ordnance to receive the same pav and
emoluments now allowed artillery officers, shall
be construed to include the ten dollars per month
additional pay to every officer in the actual com-
mand of a company, as compensation for the du-
ties and responsibilities with respect to e'othmg,
aims,and accoutrements of the company, undei
the authority of the second section of the act pas-
sed second March, eighteen hundred and twenty-
seven, giving further compensation to the cap'ams
and subalterns of the army of the United States m
certain cases: Provided, That the officers of the
ordnance department claiming the compensation
for such duties and responsibilities, shall have been
actually in the command of enlisted men of the
ordnance, and thereby incurred the aforesaid re
sponsibilities.
Sec. 15. And be tí further enacted, That from and
after the passage of this act, the army jation, when
not received m kind, shall be estimated at twent)-
five cents per ration, and that every commissioned
officer of the line, or staff, shall be entitled to re-
ceive one additional ration per diem for every five
years that he may havp served or shall serve m the
army of the United States, and the paymaster gene-
ral, surgeon general, and commissary general of
purchases, shall each be allowed six rations per
diem, and the additional ration allowed m this
section.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That from and
after the passing of this act, the monthly pay of
the non commissioned officers, muwcians, aad pri-
vates of the army of the United States, shall be the
same with that established for the monthly pay of
the non-commissioned officers, muscians, and pri-
vates of the marine corps, by the first section of
the act entitled "An act to improve the condition
of the non-commissioned officers and privates ©f
the army and marine corps of the United States,
and to prevent desertion," approved March se-
cond, eighteen hundred and thirty-three.
Sec 17 And be it further enacted, That the fifth
section of the aforesaid last mentioned act shall be,
and the same hereby is, repealed, and that the pre-
mium to officers for enlisting reciuits, and the boun-
ty to recruits, shall hereafter be the same as before
the passage of that act, but the payment of one
half of the bounty shall be deferred until the re-
cruit shall have joined the corps in which he is to
serve.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the allow-
ance of sugar and coffee to the non-commissioned
officers, musicians, and privates, in lieu of the spirit
or whiskey component part of the army ration,
now directed by regulation, shall be fixed at six
pounds of coffee and twelve, pounds of sugar to
every one hundred rations, to be issued weekly,
when it can be done with convenience to the pub-
lic service, and, when not so issued, to be paid for
m money
Sfc 19 And be it fm ther enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the officers composing the council of
administration at any post, from time to time, to
employ such person as they may think proper to
officiate as chaplain at such post, and the person
so employed shall, on the certificate of the com-
manding officer of the post, be paid such sum for
his services, not exceeding forty dollars per month,
as may be determined by the said council of ad-
ministration, with the approval of the Secretary of
War, and, in addition to his pay, the said chaplain
shall be allowed four rations per diem, with quar-
ters and fuel
Sec 20 And be it fwither enacted, That the chap-
lain at the Military Academy shall hereafter be re-
lieved of the duties of the professorship connected
with his office by the act of April fourteenth, eigh-
teen hundred and eighteen, and that, for the per-
formancia of such duties, an additional professor be
appointed, with the pay and emoluments now al-
lowed to the profe>soi of mathematics, and, also,
that an additional professor be appointed to instruct
in the studies of chemistiy, mineralogy, and geolo-
gy, w ith the like pay and emoluments
Sec 21 And be it fmlher enacted, That, when-
ever suitable non-commissioned officers or privates
cannot be procured from the lins of the army to
serve as paymasteis' cleiks, paymasters be, and
hereby are, authorized and empowered to employ
citizens to perform that duty, at salaries not to ex-
ceed five hundred dollars per annum, each
Sec 22 And be it furthet enacted, That all let-
ter= and packifes on public business, to and from
the commanding generil, the chief engineer, the
colone' of ordnance, the siugeon general, and the
head of the topographical coips, shall be free from
postage
Sic 23 And be it further enacted, That the Pre-
sident shall be, and he is hereby, authorized, when-
ce er he may deem the same expedient, to cause
not exceeding two regiments of infantry to be arm-
ed and equipped and to serve as a regiment of rifle-
men, and one other of the regiments of mfanírv to
b" armed and equipped and to serve as a regiment
of light infantrv
Sec. 24 And be it fmlher enacted, That «ill acts
and pans of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act, shall be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed.
After an executive session, the Sena'e adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thoisda-í, January 25, 1838
Mr. SMITH made an ineffectual attempt to in-
duce the Hou'e to take up sundry bills from the
Senate, on  the Speaker's table, for reference to
their appropriate committees.
CLUMS  ON DENMARK
The first business m order was the consideration
of the following resolution, reported on the  12th
inst. from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
which was under consideration on Saturday last:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested (if, m his opinion, not inconsistent
with the public interest) to consider the propriety
of entering into negotiations with the Court of Den-
mark for the purpose of obtaining therefrom a just
and equitable indemnification for the value of three
prizes sent by John Paul Jones, in one thousand
seven hundred and seventy-nine, into Bergen, in
Norway, and which were there delivered up by the
Crown of Denmark to the English, viz. the letter-
of-marque ships Union, of London, and Betsey, of
Liverpoll, and the bngantme Charming Polly.
The resolution was then concurred in
Reports from Committees were  then called for
FOREIGN AFFAIRS
Mr. HOWARD reported Senate bill, with
amendments, amendatory of the act of 1818, for
the punishment of certain crimes, which was post-
poned till to-morrow.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS
Mr. MORGAN reported a bi'l for the relief of
Soloman Pruelt
Mr. FRY reported the following, viz
A bill granting a pension to James J. Coffin, of
Massachusetts.
A bill granting a pension to Benjamin Mitchell,
of Mame
A bill granting a pension to John Jost, of New
York.
A bill granting a pension to Jacob Erb, of Penn-
sylvania.
Mr. BOND reported a bill to enlarge the provi-
sions of the act entitled an act granting half pay to
widows and orphans whose fathers have died of
wounds received m the military service of the Uni-
ted States in certain cases, and for other pur-
poses.
Also, a bill for the relief of James B. Rice.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Connecticut reported a
bill in favor of Lewis Hatch.
Mr CHILDS reported a bill for the relief of
Sarah Pemberton
Also, a bill for the relief of Philip Hartman
IKVAIIO PENSIONS
Mr TAYLOR reported a bill for the relief of
Eliza Causm, daughter and heir of Col John H
Stone, deceased
Abo, a bill for the relief of Joseph W Kmpe.
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont reported a bill for the
relief of Joseph Salmonds.
Mr MALLORY reported a bill for the relief of
John Casey
Mr. STANLY reported a bill for tne rcLef of
Ann Ross.
ROADS  AND  CANALS.
Mr. GRANT of New \ ork reported a bal tc
provide for the construction of a ship canal round
the Falls of Niagara
AMUND-VlEVT   OF   TIIF   C INSTITUTION'.
Mr. WISE, fiom the Select Committee or.
amending the Constituti m of the United States, re-
ported the fofowmg resolution, -which was read
twice, and commi'ted to a Comminetef the Whole
on the state of the Union [Mr W n narked that
the resolution had received th? unci ¡nous ^anr-
tion of the committee ]
"The select committee appointed under thf reso-
lution of the House of Representative^, January
11, 1838, to inquire into tne expediency of so
amending the Constitution of the United States as
to prohib t the appointment of members ol Con-
giess to Executive offices during the time for which
they are elected Sena'ors or Representative-, and
the lime of two years thereafter, beg leave to report
the following joint resolution
"Resolved bn the Senate and Howe of Representa-
ntes of the Untied States of A.nenca, in Congress
assembled, two-thi ds of both house? concurring
That the following amendment to the Constitution
be proposed to the Legislatures of the several
States, which, when ratified by the Legislatures of
three-fourths of the Sta'es, shall be -valid, to all
intents and purposes, as part of the Constitution of
the United States, to wit
"No Stnator or Representative sha'l be nomi-
nated or appointed by the President to any office
dunng the time such Senator or Representative'
