13*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
light at St. George's Bank: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported with amendments, the bill from the House,
to secure the payment of certain commissions on
duty bonds.     '                     „                    ^ ,,.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to which had been referred the petition of
Jacob Brown, reported a bill for his relief; which
was read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE, from the Commú.e on Pensions,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of Ga-
briel VanHorn; also repo-ted without amendment,
the bill for the relief, of James Steele.
The following resolutions were severally submit-
ted:
By Mr. TIPTON:
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of compen-
sating Jesse Wadden and others, members of cap-
tain Pierre Andrei's company of mounted rangers,
in the years 1813 and 1814.
ByMr.NORVELL:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
inquire into the expediency of granting to the State
of Michigan,five hundred thousand acres of land
for the purpose of internal improvements: adopted.
By Mr. RUGGLES:
Resolved, That the Secretary of Treasury com-
municate to the Senate the representations made to
him relative to the light-houses of the United States
by the Messrs. Blunt of New York; and also the
report to him of the Commissioner of the Revenue
thereon: adopted.
By Mr. YOUNG:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instruct-
ed to communicate to the Senate with as little de-
lay as practicable, a copy of the recent report and
survey of Lien t. Lee of the Engineers, in relation
to the rernoval,ef,tbe obstructions in the channel cf
the Misissippi river at the Rock river and Des-
Moines Rapids, with appropriate drawings of .the
river at those points, indicating the course of the
cbarmel and the obstructions to be removed, with
estimates of the expenses necessary, to accomplish
said object: adopted.                                  . .
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing ports of entry or delivery as may appear
most proper and necessary at the cities of Chicago
and Alton, in the State of Illinois: adopted.
By Mr. ALLEN:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the existing laws as to admit to the rights
of citizenship, without further delay, such men of
foreign birth as may have faithfully served a full
term of enlistment in the army of the United
States, upott-their taking the usual oath: adopted.
By,Mr. ROBBINS:
Resolved, That the ¡Secretary of the Senate be
directed to furnish to each member of the Senate
one copy of the documents on Jhe subject of the
public lands, directed to be compiled and printed
by the resolutions of the Senate of the 26th Febru-
ary, 1833, and 3d January, 1834.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be
directed to furuish to such members of the Senate
as have not received the same under former reso-
lutions or orders, a copy of the American State
Papers printed by Gales and Seaton.
£)n motion of Mr. LINN,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to inform the Senate what amount of money has
been,.expendedon the improvement of the Missouri
river. „,
Mti.KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
io which was referred the resolution of the Senate
on the subject, reported a bill to establish a port of
entry at Vicksburg, Mississippi; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. Clay
of Alabama, on the subject of a survey of the
Tennessee river, with a view to the removal of the
obstructions in the same, etc. was considered and
adopted.
The rejjert of the Committee en Finance unfa-
vorable to the petition of S. Morris Wain and
♦there,-was considered and concurred m.
The following bills were severally read the third
time, and passed:
The bill to authorize the Commissioner of the
Patent Office to issue a patent to James Smith; and
The bill to increase the present military esta-
blishment of the United States.
The following bills from the House were seve-
rally read twice, and referred:
The bill making appropriations for the protec-
tion of the Northern frontier of the United States;
and
The bill making a partial appropriation for the
suppression of Indian hostilities for the year 1837.
PRE-EMPTIONS TO  ACTUAL SETTLERS.
The bill granting the right oí pre-emption to
actual settlers on the public lands, came up as the
order of the day.
Mr. WALKER arose, and explained at great
length the merits of the bill, going into a critical
examination of the bearings of its provisions upon
the actual settler, and the happy influence it would
have in enhancing the value of the unsold lands of
the country. By the bill, in its present shape, Mr.
W. contended that no frauds on float exemptions
could take place. It excluded all grants, and sim-
ply confined the settler to the space he occupied,
giving him preference in the purchase, at the Go-
vernment price, over the speculator. It pre-
vented him from interfering with the sites reserved
for town lots, or lands reserved for purposes
of education or internal improvement by the
States, under the law of the United States.
It was, therefore, not so broad in its provisions "as
to extend to the Pacific! " but limited in its nature
confining the settler to States and organized Territo-
ries, where the Indian title was extinguished. The
simple operation of the bill was merely to give the
hardy and adventurous pioneer of the West a pre-
ference o\rer the greedy speculator, and what inju-
ry could accrue to the Government from such a
proceeding? That settler who left the comforts of
civilization to seek a new home, reclaiming the
lands from (heir rude state, subduing the forest and
building his cabin in the before untrodden wilds of
the wilderness, was surely entitled to such a pre-
ference; and unless it could be shown that some
great loss would accrue to the Government, from
the establishment of the pre-emption principle, the
Senate must be convinced that the preference ought
to be given to the pre-emptionists. Mr. W. here
read a statement showing that of all the immense
amount of public land thrown into the market, the
price was not affected more than two cents an acre
on the average by pre-emption rights; and that so
far from these pre-smptiomsts being an injury to
the public property, they gave an increased value
to it. It was population in the immediate neigh-
borhood that gave value to the public lands, which
otherwise would bring little or nothing, however
fertile; because destitute of settlers. But suppose
the Government could get two cents more from the
speculator, should the honest and hardy cultivator
be driven from his property that he had toiled so
hard to secure? He would like to take the Senator
from Kentucky through the new Stales, and show
him the worthy and enterprising citizens from the
North and South, applying at the Register's office to
buy in their farms, and that cold and heartless specu-
lator trying to overbid him, he would then have his
eloquent and powerful support in favor of the
measure, instead of his present opposition to it.
We have been told, said Mr. W. of the many
frauds that occur under the system, but he had
yet to have them authenticated before he lent
a credulous ear. But suppose a fraud had occur-
red, was that to prevent the passage of the law? If
we legislate on such a principle, we might as
well blot out the statute book. Where was it that
frauds had not taken place? Look to the revenue.
As well might we say that we would repeal rthe
tariff, because frauds have occurred at the custom-
house. He, Mr. W. would undertake to say that
where one fraud had occurred under the pre-emp-
tion laws, that a hundred had taken place in avoid-
ing the payment of duties. Pre-emption affidavits
had not yet become proverbial, ¡ike custom-house
oaths. Where one fraud had occurred under the
laws of pre-emption, hundreds would take place
in the absence of it.    Speculators had in fact tra-
versed the country, making memoranda of the
farms, and presenting themselves to the settlers,
extorted money from them, by telling them that
unless they paid so much, they (the speculators,)
would bid against them at the land sales. " In this
way thousands upon thousands of dollars had Jseen
filched from the poor. From 1807 to the present
time, pre-emption laws have been passed, giving
a preference in purchase to the actual settler, and
should we abandon thesystem now, because we are
told they will go on fot ever asking the passage
of the same laws. Yes, said Mr. W.God grant
they may go on adding to this glorious Republic
State after State, until we have one long line of
States to the Pacific. Who helped to give to
the Union, Indiana, Illinois, and others, but
these same actual settlers. Yes, this meritorious
and excellent class aided materially in adding
these new stars to our national flag. Mr. W.
thought it mournful to see the change of feeling
that has come over Congress in relation to this
pre-emption law. Once it was the favored child
of the Republic, and was a principle incorporated
with the Government as far back as it could be
traced. Why change the system now? Had the
cultivator become less useful or less meritorious?
He appealed to every Senator to say whether there
was not a sense of justice within him compelling
him to vote to extend this privilege to so useful a
class of citizens.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky inquired whether there
was any statement showing the amount above the
minimum price for which lands had been sold at
the public sales? If he understood it, the average
price had been taken by mixing up together all the
land sold, both at public and private sale.
Mr. WALKER did not know whether the dis-
crimination alluded to by the Senator from Ken-
tucky had been made, but he was prepared to show
that the average was what he had stated,
Mr. WHITE moved the following as an amend-
ment:
" Provided always, that this act shall not be so
constiued as to give right of pre-emption to any per-
son or persons in consequence of any settlement
or improvement made before the extinguishment of
the Indian title to the land on which such settlement
or improvement was made.
Mr. WHITE said that the object of his amend-
ment was to give to every man who was an actual
settler on the public lands on the first of December
last, a pre-emption, provided the Indian title was
extinguished at the time he made the settlement.
If the pre-emption law was se extended as to give
Its benefits to those who have, in violation of trea-
ties, settled on the Indian lands, it would operate
to encourage persons to do so in future. It would
be in vain for us to think that we can keep peace
with the Indians, if we establish the principle that
the man who intrudes on their lands shall be re-
warded with a pre-emption as soon as a treaty is
made for his contempt of the laws and violation
of their rights. We have information (said Mr.
W.) that there are thousands of persons now in the
Indian country, every man of whom will be enti-
tled to a pre-emption under the bill as it is, pro-
vided treaties are held and the Indian titles extin-
guished this winter.
Mr. WALKER replied that the language of the
bill excluded the cases cited by the Senator from
Tennessee. Mr. W. read extracts from ths hill,
showing that the Indian title must have been ex^
tinguished before any individual can avail himself
of any of its provision ;. In addition to this, he
said the bill contained the following proviso: '-The
provisions of this act shall not extend to any lands
to which the Indian title has not been extinguish-
ed." Pre-emptions would not, therefore, be grant-
ed to lands to which the Indian title may be extin-
guished by treaties that may be held this winter.
He could not think, therefore, that the bill would
embrace the cases cited by the Senator from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama opposed the amend-
ment, as it would interfere with the rights of many
of his constituents Whom he wished to have thi be-
nefits of the ball, and who settled in. the Indian
country in Alabama with the consent of the Iridian
proprietors, and without any injury to the United
