-jf*sü¡5*«¡~,J&s
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
his remarte from yesterday, in reply to Mr. Pren-
tiss.. He entered into an elaborate and critical
examination of the arguments adduced by the lat-
ter, and contended that there was not the slightest
ground whereon the contestants could rest their
claim. [Want of room prevents our giving even
at  outline of his speech.]
Mr. MAURY rose and stated, that it had been
ms intention to submit some remarks upon this,
question, but, as there appeared to be some d spo-
sition to take the question, he would now jield the
floor, if it should be understood that the debate was
here to close. If any other gentlemen had a desire
of addressing the House, they would intimate their
intention now; and, if no gentleman did so, he
•would yield and permit the question to be taken.
Mr. BRONSON said, as a member of the Com-
mittee of Elections, he should feel it to be his duty
to address a few remarks to the House, before the
question should be taken. He should promise,
however, that his remarks should be bueí.
Mr. LEGARE, also intimated his intention of
addressing the House for a short time.
Mr. MAURY then declared his determination
to make some remarks on the subject, but gave
way to
Mr. SHIELDS, on whose motion,
The House adjourned.
[Omitted in He j>roceeding$oftjesterday.]
Mr.  Ceaig, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claim*, made unfavorable reports  on the
J^titionof the heirs of Col JohnHolcomb, and tie
petition of the heirs of Lieut William Boyei
IN SENATE,
Friday, Jan. 26th, 1838.
The CHAIR announced a communication from
the War Department, in answer to  the resolution
of the Senate of the 10th instant, transmitting a re-
poit from the Colonel of Ordnance, in reference to
the correspondence relative to the lead mines; and
On motion of Mr. YOUNG, the report and do-
cuments were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The CHAIR also communicated a report from
the Treasury Department, m answer to the resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 25th instant, transmitting
a communication from the Messrs. Blunts of New
York, on the subject of the light-houses of the Uni-
ted States; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of Eliza-
beth Reynold , heir of Major William Bailey of
the Revolutionary army.
Mr. LUMPKIN present-d the petition of Wil-
liam Fuller, which was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of sundiy citi-
zens of Missouri, praying for the passage of a pre-
empiun law. refeired to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Oa motion of Mr. SEVIER, the petition and
papers of John Rodger  of A rkansa*, were refer-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the joint me-
morial of the Senate and House of Representatives
of the State of Alabama, m reference to the im-
provement of the navigation of the Tennessee nv er,
askm°"for an appiopnation for ftrther mipiove-
ment™referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, a joint memorial from the same, on the
subiect of losses sustained from Creek Indian de-
predations m the years 1S38 and 1837: referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Also, a remonstrance from the same, against the
execution of a contract for the transfer of certain
Creek reservations- referred to ¡he s.me com-
mittee.                                , T         ,        c
Mr. MOUTON presented the petition ct ---------,
praying for additional compen-at-on forcairywg
the mail- referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Road;-.
Mr MORRIS presented the peti'ion of sundry
citizens of Crawford %\\i Seneca count}, Ohio,
praying for the establishment of a pet route re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post O.hce and Post
Roads'.                                    ,   ,                        ,
Also, the petition of------ Andrews, praying for
a pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions,
Mr. ALLEN presented the  petition of sundry
citizens of Litchfield, Medina county, Ohit, on th
subject  of the mode of disposing of the public
lands; which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
made an unfavorable report on the petit on of
Richard Lucas, and the committee was discharged
from the further consideration thereof.
Mr. H from the same committee, reported seve-
ral bills Irom the House without amendment.
Mr. NOKVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred the bill from
the other house for the relief of Ferdinand Clatk,
made an unfavorable report thereon; \vhch was
read.
Mr. N. from the same committee, also repoited
unravorably on the bill for the relief of David Snath
and others.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred the memo) ials of the
Georgia Railroad and Banking Company, and of
the New York and Harlem Railroad Company
repoited bills for their relief; which were severally
read, and ordeicd to their second readings
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which had
been referred the bill from the House making
partial appropriations for the suppression of In-
dian hostilities for the year 1837; and the bill from
the House making an appropmtion for fie protec-
tion of the Northern frontier, reported them seve-
rally without amendment; and the same having
been, by general consent, severally considered as
in Committee of the Whole, were read the second
and third time, and passed.
Mr. KING submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to cov rrmiiicate to the S°nate such information
as may be in his depaitment, showing th.' number
of Creek Indian  which at any time during t'ic
year 1836 and 1837 were engaged in hostilities
against the United States.
Mr. TIPTON, on leave, introduced a bill fixing
the compensation of officers of the army employed
on duty m the militaiy bureaus; which was lead
twice, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affau*.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The resolution submitted by Mr. ROBBINS, di-
recting the Secretary to purchase, for the use of
each new Senator, a copy of Gales ai d Seaton's
Amciie.m Slate Papers, and copies of oert< in
publications on the subject of the public lands, was
taken up, and after some remarks from Messis.
KING and ROBBINS, was laid on the table.
PRE-EMPTIONS TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
The bill to giant pre-emption rights to settlers
on the public lands, was taken up, as the unfinish-
ed business.
Mr. WEBSTER said he would call the atten-
tion of ihe chairman of the committee to a subject
pot necessarily connected with the bill, but of great
importance. It was the propriety oí making some
provision in the bill to settle questions arising at
the Geneial Land Office, and the local land office--,
with iPspect to lh  mod- of finally decidáis on
dispu'oet land 'ltles He would suggest 'o the
chanman of ¡be commute, (Mr Wairer.,) wh° her
a provision should not be made to give to the 'courts
of the United States, >n the States, competent jm.s-
diction over all disputed lapd titles, arising net only
under the pre-emption laws, but in all other cases.
He though if the circuit or district courts were au-
thorized to entertain jurisdiction over the mattei at
home, a great deal of tiouble would be saved, both
here and there, and the advantage of-uniformity m
practice and decision would be obtained Pie d'd
not purpo-e to offer any amendment h.mse'f, as he
did not deem it essential to the bill, which he sup-
posed, constituted as the Senate was, must pa<-s,
rut he threw out these suggesijon* to the chairman
of the commi'tee for his consideration while the
bill was pending Under the bill, some such pro
v s on being necessary, it would be as well to bt
mtrodjeed no.v as at a future time.
Mr WALKER replied that he would like to
take more time to consider this suggestion of the
Sena'or fiom Massachusetts, particularly as that
gent'erenn -cerned to think that this juiisdiction
should evtend not onl} to pre-empt-on claims, but
to other Cuses arising out of disputed land titles.
He could not say whether it would not be better to
provide foi such cases by a geneial law He had
not made up his mmd fully on this subject as yet.
One of ¡he dirhtulties which presented themselves
to him was, the expense which would be incurred
bv curving conflicting cases be'ore the United
States cjuits Tne parties in general were poor,
íesiding at a distance from the couits ; they would
be competed to proem e strictly legal evidence on
the various poults to be determined by the courts,
and to employ lawyers, all of which would involve
an expense too 1 cavy for ihe majonty of (hem to
bear, and ¡n ¡uaov cases the entile value of the
quaiter section uuu'd be sv q>¡, av, ay by tin.-, expen-
sive mode ol litigation Now he had no objection
to apioviaion extending ¡his jun'dicl.nn with the
consent oí jiait'ps , but to comj cl one paity to go
before thes  courts without the consent of the other,
would involve a heivv co"t, which he would hesi-
tate long before he would consent to impose on
them. He shoal 1 a'so have no objection to an
appeal in the list íesoit to either ot the United
States courts, vhere either p irty was dissatisfied
with the dec.sio i of the Geneial Land Oí ice He
threw out these «uggcVins to the Senator fiom
Massachusetts, and probably might hereafter con-
sent to s^ni" provis'ons, suflieienli/ rnitu'ed and
guarded, that would meet the views of the gentle-
man.
Mr. WEBSTER observed that his object was
general—to give a direct j ower to the courts of the
United States to emeitam jurisdiction over all dis-
puted ca°es whatever. The gentleman's gteatest
ob]ection appealed to be founded on the expense
to be incurred by cairymg the'e cp?es before the
United Stales courts. Now, the fiist inquiry was,
was there any existing mode shoit of judicature by
which these Cundcting cases c uld be settled'
Here were two conflicting cases A and B dispute
the right to a patent, and the President decides in
favor of A. Now, did that end the case'' No,
surely. It must be made the subject of private
litigation, and the onlj dirTeience was, if the two
parties weie inhabitants ot the same State, they
might avail lheins l,es of the State couits. Now,
all the objections as to expense, distance, am) legal
stiictness of evidence, existed as well with regaid
to the State couits as to the cucuit and di>!nct
couits, and it was as e?^j to try the cases m the
latter as in the formci
One great object (Sir. W. aid) was to have a
process which should be im.rorm in the decibion of
these impoitant cases, and wnether this would not
be easier obtained m the United States courts than
in tile various couits of the States, where various
forms an 1 opim ms prevailed, and where the only
mode1 ot brmg'ng the- csps heiore the United S'ates
cour' vtould be I y the crewtous process of a vjit
ot cnoi to the Sepieiii" Court, vas subni'tted to
the judgment of t'u c'laumm of the committee.
Mr CL1Y of Alabama did not know what
v evvs he might ente.tarn with ie--pect to the propo-
sition of toe Sena  r Oom Mu-sa.cliust.il'>, were it
made m o dr-bnet foim, but hetir fe 1 tnat 't wou'd
not, at all even's, hi male as an amendment to
emDanjs the h '! under discission The proposi-
tion was a nni ne, and some views vnh respect
i > it which liad be i taker, by ¡he cl.a rman ol the
committee wi" worthv of ¡he deliberate conside-
ration oi the Senate He leferred to the great ex-
per p alien is in1" mode ot litigation, as present-
ing the s i0 laest i l-ji^ti n^toit lie Inmseli was
no* aware 'hat theie v <> auy objection to the jnns-
dict on of the S'ate cauris o>rei the .e disputed land
cases, all < f ¡hem had chancery jurisdiction, as
well flaw,.and although theie might ni t be the
sanv* lim'oi'ii'ty of process and decision in them
as there was in the United States couits, jet the),
wi'ltml donb', d.spcr ed justice as surely and as
.heap Tbeie tv.s anothci v.ew to betaken of
tins question Suppose both parties were resident-*
ol the -am: Stale, as would most geneially be the
case, and no question involving th° constitationahty
or valid.ty of a law of ihe Un ted Stales, could ju-
risdiction, in such ca>es, be given to the Circuit
Courts of the Umtfd States.    Tie (Mr   C) was
Í*-*
