agTH-^oNG.-.%,..,;..at?p Sags.,--'-        ,■   •        MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1838. '_______              Volume 6;....'...,..;No. 'ip/
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                   ~~        WEEKLY                                       PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
-[Continuedfrom No. 9.]
The CHAIR announced the special order of the
day.
Mr. HOWARD, chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, gave notice, that so soon as this
election question should be disposed of, or so soon
as an opportunity offered, he should ask leave to
take up the Dili of the Senate, now on the Speak-
er's table, to preserve the neutrality of the United
States on our frontiers.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION.
The HOUSE then announced the special order
of the day, being the' consideration of the Mis-
sissippi election.
The question pending, being as follows:
Mr. BRONSON moved the following íesolution:
Resolved, That Messrs. S. S. Prentiss and T. J.
Word are not members oí the 25th Congress, and
are not entitled to their seats in the House as such.
The question pending, being on the motion of Mr.
Bell, who on yesterday moved to amend by striking
out all after the word "resolved," and inserting as
follows:
"That the resolution .of this House of the 3d Octo-
ber last, declaring that Samuel J. Gholson and
John P. H. Claiborne were duly elected mem-
bers of the 25th Congress, was agreed to without
a knowledge of all the facts which were ma-
terial to a correct ^decision of the question '.'pre-
sented, and the same is hereby rescinded. -
Resolved farther, That Messrs. Prentiss and
Word were duly elected members of the 25th Con-
gress, from the State of Mississippi, in November
last, and are entitled to take their sea's as such.
Mr. 'MAURY, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House for a lew minutes, in favor of
the claim of the applicants to a seat on the floor,
and stated to the House that it had been his inten-
tion to go into the subject generally, but as there
seemed to be a disposition to take the question as
soon as possible, and as he believed the House to
be fully prepared to lake the question, he
would not interpose any obstacle; therefore he
should decline rnaking any further remarks on the
subject.
Mr. BRONSON, after making some introducto-
ry remarks, said that he was not sure that he could
shake any of the positions Jaken by the gentleman
who bad addressed the House, (Mr. Prentiss,) but
he woy,ld try." Before he proceeded, however, he
could not refrain from paying a tribute to the elo-
quence and zeal with which the gentleman had de-
fended what he called the rights of the State of Mis-
sissippi. Mr. B. went on to show that the question
had been presented to the House in a false light by
the contestants, for he contended that no indignity
whatever had been offered to the State of Missis-
sippi) her rights of representation had been re-
spected and defended, and the simple question was,
a question between individuals as to who should
have the right of so representing her.
Mr. B. contended that the decision of the House
at the late special session was a judicial decision,
and"could not be altered ; and, whether it was so,
or not, that, previous to the special session, there
existed a legal and constitutional vacancy, which
the Governor was authorized to fill, and which he
did fill.
Mr. B. entered into u long argument to prove
that the Governor of Mississippi was authorized by
the Constitution fo" fill a vacancy. He then por-
trayed, in glowing colors, the disastrous conse-
quences which would ensue if the various Legisla-
tures had not that power. He said the country
might be ravaged by an invading enemy, or might
be at'war with ten nations at once, without having
the power of calbng together and assembling the
House of Representatives to act on the subject.
He was folly aware of the strength of the argu-
ments adduced by one of the contestants, (Mr..
Prentiss,; viz: that the Governors of States might
thus anticipate, defeat or destroy the regular elec-
tion. But it would- be obvious to every reflecting
mind that there was not the slightest probability of
such a course ever being adopted; and, if it
were, there were ample means of speedy, redress'
- Perhaps the mostimportant question, after as-
suming that the Governor bad the power, was,.
" did he exercise that" power1?" It had been con
tended thai such was not-the case, and that the pro-
clamation of the Governor was a mere nullity. Por
his part, he maintained that the Governor had a
right to fill the whole vacancy, or none. He tvas
not authorized to fill a part of a vacancy, but the
whole; therefore, if the gentlemen elected in July
were elected at all, they were elected for the whole
term of the Twenty-fifth Congress.
Mr. B. commented at some length on the.absurd-
ity of the argument, fthat because the Governor
had inserted a superfluity in his writ and proclama-
tion, the whole was thereby rendered void. He
maintained that the decision of the House at the
late session, was a judicial decision, made after a
full and complete investigation of all the facts, and
that therefore it was binding and could not be re-
versed. He denied that the decision was ex parte
as had been alleged, and was proceeding in proof
thereof, when he. gave way to a motion of adjourn-
ment.    And the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, Jan. 27, 1838.
•Mr. GRUNDY presented .the petition of sundry
citizens of Davidson county, Tennessee, praying
for the establishment of a post route: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. NORVELL presented five petitions from
citizens of Michigan, praying for an appropriation
for the improvement of the harbor of Preston, and
•for die construction of a light house at Stony Point:
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PRENTISS presented a petition from sun-
dry citizens of Vermont, praying for the abolition
of slavery in the District of Columbia; and,
On motion of Mr. ROANE, the question on re-
ceiving the petition was laid on the tabic.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of that State, asking for
the extension of the franking privilege to the Ex-
ecutives of the States: laid on the table.
Mr. LYON presented a petition numerously
signed by the inhabitants of the country lying m
the vicinity of the road commenced by the United
States, and running from Toledo, on the Maumee
river, to Michigan City, in the State of Indiana,
setting forth the importance of that road in a na-
tional point of view, and praying Congicss to make
an appropriation to complete it with as little delay
as practicable: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. ALLEN presented the petition of Caleb
Atvvaler, praying compensation for services ren-
dered as commissioner to treat with certain Indian
tribes: referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. MORRIS, the Committee on
Pensions xvas discharged from the further conside-
ration of the petition of the daughter of JohnSher-
burne, late of the army of the Revolution.
Mr. M. 1'rum the same committee, made an un-
favorable report on the petition of Garrett Tenni-
son, and the committee was discharged from the
further consideration thereof.
Mr. KING presented the petition of William
Fisher, praying confirmation of his claim to a tract
of land under a Spanish grant: referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. NILES presented the petition of sundry citi-
zens of Connecticut, praying for the establishment
of a lighl-hojse: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.,
The report of the Committee on Commerce, un-
favorable to -the petition of Joseph W. Page of
Charleston, was considered and concurred in.
The Senaie then took up the bill granting pre-
emption rights to settlers on the publics lands, and, -
after the adoption of several amendments, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed by a vote of 26 to 12.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
MoNMY,Jan. 29,1838.-
A message in writing from the President of the
United States, received on Saturday last, was laid
before the House; and haying been read, on motion
of Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, was laid on the
table
The message communicated a report of the com-
mission in relation to spoliations by the' Creeks and
Seminóles.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
The following message and accompanying report
were received at the same time, and now laid be
fore the House:
To the House of Representatives of the United Slates:
I herewith communicate to the House of Repre-
sentatives a report from the Secretary of State, with
accompanying documents, in answer to their reso-
ution of the 9th instant.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Jan. 26, 1838.
Department of State,'
Washington, January 25, 1838.
The Secretary of State, to whom has been refer-
red a resolution of the House of Representatives, .
dated the 9th inst. requesting the President to com-
municate to that body what measures, if any, have
b«e  taken by the Executive, for the release of Mr.
Greely, a citizen of Maine, now imprisoned in the
provincial jail of New Brunswick, at.Prederickton,
for an alleged violation of the jurisdiction of said
provinco, over the territory claimed by the British
Government; and also, to communicate any cor-
respondence which the Executive Department may
have had with the British Government, or the Ex-
ecutive of Maine, upon the subject of said Greely's
imprisonment, so far as a communication of the
same may bedsemedbyhim not incompatible with
the public interest.
, And likewise requesting the President, if not in-
compatible with the public interest, to communi-
cate to that House "any correspondence or com-
munication held between the Government" of the'
United States and that of Great Britain, at different-
times, respecting the wardenship, occupation, or
actual possession, of that part of the territory of
the State of Maine which is claimed by Great Bri-
tain," has the honor to report to the President the
accompanying documents, which embrace the in-
formation and correspondence not heretofore pub-
lished by Congress, called for by the above cited
resolution.
Respectfully submitted.
JOHN FORSYTH-
To the President of the United States.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the further conside-
ration of the subject was postponed,, till Thursday
next.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a commu-
nication of the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
a statement of the contingent expenses of the Navy
Dapartment; which, on motion of Mr. CAMBRE-
LENG, was laid on the table.
CHEROKEE MEMORIAL.
The House then resumed the consideration "of
the memorial of John Ross and other Indiam of
that tribe, remonstrating against the treaty at New
Echota.
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
Hopkins to reconsider the vote of tóe House of
Monday last, refusing to lay the memorial on the
table.
Mr. EVERETT inquired if the motion to recon-
sider was debateable?
The CHAIR 'replied that generally a motion to
reconsider opened the whole merits ol the "question;
that is, if the original motion under it was a de-
bateable one; but the motion to lay on the table not
being debateable, consequently, that to reconsider it
could not be.           ,
. After some further conversation between the
CHAJR/.nd Mr. EVERETT, the latter gentleman
asked íór the yea* ana nays on the motion to re^
