CONGkgéglfófóL GtÓBE.
149
Also, an unfavorable report on the patitwn of
John McClelland.
Mr GRUNDY, from the same committee, im-
ported a bill to change the time of holding the Cir-
cuit Court of the United States for the 7th circuit.
Also, a bill to change the times of holding the
Circuit Court of the United States for the 9th
circuit.
Which were severally read, and ordered to a se-
cond reading.
On mono  of Mr. GRUNDY, and by general
consent, the first named bill was read the second
time, and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. GRUNDY, from the same committee, m
pursuance of a resolution of tne Senate, reported a
bill to amend the act supplementary to the act to
amend the judicial system of the United States.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, from the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, to which had been re-
ferred the memorial of the heirs and representa-
tives of Major Andrew Leach, deceased, reported
a bill for their relief; which was read, and ordered
to a second readmg.
Mr. SMITH, ftom the same committee, to which
had been referred the memorial of the heirs of
William Coggswell, deceased, reported a bill for
their relief, which was read, and ordered to a se-
cond reading.
Mr. McKEAN, pursuant to notice, and on leave
granted, introduced a bill iurther regulating writs of
error and s«ut=, for psnalties m the conns of the
United States; which was read a first and second
tind, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
_ Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whieh had been recommitted the me-
morial of the herrs of Captain John Fulford, de-
ceased, reported a bill for their relief, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Claims,,
reported, without amendment, several bihs from
the House that had been referred to that commit-
tee.
Mr. SEVÍER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had been refeired the me-
morial of General Matthew Arbuckle, reported a
bill for his relief, which was read, and ordered to a
secoid reading
Mr. LÍNN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the Message
of the President ¡n answer to the resolution or the
Senate of the 14th of October last, on the subject,
reported a bill to amend the act entitled an act foi
the appointment of Commissioners to adjust awl
settle claims to reservations of land under the 14th
article of the treaty of 1S30 with the ChocUw In-
dians, read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mi. TALLMADGE, on leave, mtioduced a
bill for the relief of the heirs of Henry Eckfoid,
deceased, which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affair?
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Reuben E Gentry, Willrm Munroe, and
others, wh ch vas twice read and referred
Mr. BUCHANAN rose to make an explanation,
by t! e unanimous consent of the Senate. He sa'd
that a few days ago, when the Military bill was
before tne Senate, he had stated, upon what he
then deemed satisfactory information, that officers
of tne corps of Military Engineers had often been
employed as engineers m the service of railroad
and canal companies Since that time, he had
learned that this remark ought to have been con-
fined to the officer  of the Topographical Corps of
Engmeeis Upon a complaint having been made
to him, he had immediately instituted an inquiry
on the subject; and the result was, that no officer
belonging to the Mthtaiy Engineers proper h?d
thus been employed. He made this explanation
most cheerfully, as it always afforded him pleasure
to repair any injustice which he might have inad-
vertently committed.
The bill for the relief of Francis Newman was
lead the third time ana passed.
The bill providing for the legal adjustment and
final settlement of claims to land derived under the
grants to (he Baron Basfiop, the Marquis of Mai-
son Rouge, and others, m Louisiana, and Gabriel
Winter, and others, m Arkansas, was lead the
third time; and on the question, "Shall the Mil
psss," a debate arose, in -which it was supported by
Messrs. LINN, BUCHANAN, SEVIER, and
PRESTON, and opposed by Messrs. MORRIS and
CRITTENDEN; after which,
The question was taken by yeas and nays, and
decided in the affirmative—yeas29, nay& 10
YEAS—Messrs. Beyard, Buchanan, Clay of
Alabama, Cuthbert., Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard,
King, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, McKean,
Mouton, Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Prenti^, Pres-
ton, Robbms, Robinson, Sevier, Smith oí Con-
necticut, Southard, Swift, Tallmadge, Webstei,
White, and Young—29
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Erown, Clayton, Crit-
tenden, Morns, Pierce, Roane, Smith of In liana,
Spence, and Tipton—10
The bill to amend the act for the relief of James
Steele, was read the third time and passed
Par EMPTIONTO SETTLER  ON THE PUBLIC I A.NDS
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bdl
to grant pre-emption rights to settlers on the public
lands, as the unfinished business, it being on its
passage, having been read the third time , and after
a debate, m which the bill was supported by
Messrs. WALKER, WHITE, YOUNG, WEB-
STER, and LYON, and opposed by Messrs CLAY
and DAVIS, the question was taken, «md the bill
was passed—yeas 30, nays 18, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brou n, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Giundy,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton,
Nicholas, Niles, Norvell, Pierce, Rives, Robinson,
Sevier, Smith oí Connecticut, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Walker, Webster, White, Williams, Wright, and
Young—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Calhoun, Claj of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Daus, McKean, Mer-
rick, Morris, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Rubbms,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Swift, and
Wall—18
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF* REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, January 31, 1938.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Postmaster General, transmitting the an-
nual repoit of the contracts made for the tra spnr-
tation of the mails oí the United States, v. ahin
the year ending the 1st of July, 1837, wl,i<n «as
laid on the table, and oidered to be pinned
The SPEAKER also laid befoie tneHmsea
letter ftom the Postmaster General, transmitting a
report of all the fine;, imposed, and deduction-, made
from the pay of the contractor, for cairvmg the
mills during the year ending on the 3'bhof lime,
1837; which was laid on the table, and oidered to
be punted
Mr. SMITH asked the consent ol the House to
go into Committee of the Whole on the State of
the Union on the bill m lelation to testn,^ the
strength of steam boilers.
Mr EVERETT objecting—
¡VIi. SMITH moved a suspension of the r.i't, to
enable him to submit the motion, but the House
refused—ayes 72, noes G9, not tno-tliirds
Mr. LOOMIS, on leave, laid on the talk* an
amendment he proposed to submit to t'ir bill in re-
lation to the laws of neutrality, and t'e vrre was
oideied to be printed.
Reports from standing commit ees were then
called for.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio reported a bill foi
the relief of Cornelius Tiers
REVCI ÜTION iRY   CLAIMS
Mr CRAIG reported a bill for the relief of The-
od >re Middleton
Mr J. L. WILLIAMS of Tennessee, u ported
a bill for the relief of the heirs of Benne  S luiley,
deceased.
When the Committee on Public Expenditure 
w as called—
Mr WlbE rose and begged lente to inquire of
the chairman of that committee ¡f the committee
had held a meeting this session, and if it «'as pro-
bable they would make any repnit.
Mr. HALEY (the chairman of that committee)
would cheerfully respond to  the inquiry.   The
committee had held a meeting, buthad as yet come
to no conpTusion m relation to the subject for wWch
they were nominally organized. The fact was that
their duties appeared to be superseded by other .
committee , viz; the Committee on Public Build-
ings took charge of the expenditures under that
head, the Committee of Ways and Means of the
general expenses, and other committees of different
branches of the service, as pointed out by the ru'es
of the House. Mr. H. added that they were íeady
and willing to go into any examination which the
House thought proper, and would report the result
of then investigations to the House
Mr. WISE did not hear the gentleman's reply
correctly, but if he had rightly understood him, it
was, m substance, that the committee had not gone
into any examination as yet, because they were
net informed of their duties. Mi W. would in-
form the gentleman, that if he would look into the
rules of the House, he v, ould find what the duties
of that committee «ere. No one could be. mista-
ken in them
MILITiRY AFFA'RS
Mr MASON of Ohio reported a bill for the re-
lief of Joseph K Nourse
Mr. GRENNELL reported a bill for the relief
of Mary A. Patrick.
ROADS 4ND CIN1IS.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland reported a hill
making an appropriation to complete that piit ol
the great National road between Rock villc, ifi Mary-
land, and the Monocacy river.
When the "Committee on the Expenditures m
the Department of State," was called,
Mr. WISE inquired if that committee had held
a meeting, and it it was probable that .ikey would
take up the subject committed to them, and make
any report*
No response was given.
When the ''Committee on the Expenditures in
the Department of the Treasury" was called,
Mr. WISE propounded the same*fnquiry.
Mr ALLEN of Vermont (the enfirman) stated
that the committee had not, as yet, held any meet-
ing, but they would do so, and expected to make a
report in due season, as they should find it neces-
sary.
When the "Committee on the Expenditures m
the Depaitment of War" was called—
Mr WISE renewed the same inquiry
Mr, CLOWNEY (the chairman thereof) repliel
that the committee had held one meeting this ses-
sion, but had done nothing as yet
Mr WISE propounded the same interrogatory
when the "Committee on the Expenditures m the
Department oí the Navy" was called, but no re-
sponse was given
The " Committee on the Expenditures in the
Department of the Post Office" being called—
Mi WISE would make a special inquiry of the
chairman of that committee, if they had looked at
all into the expenses of the Past Office Department,
or if it was probable that Ihey would'
No íesponse was given.
The same interrogatory was propounded by Mr,
WISE when the " Committee on the Expenditures
on the Public Buildings" «¿s called, but the result
was the same as on tne preceding.
Mr JOHNSON of Marjland, from the se'ect
committee appointed on the memonal of the Ser-
geant at-Aims, in relation to a deficiency of monev
leceived fiom the Bank of the Metropolis at the
late special session, made the followisig report
The committee to whom the memorial of the
Sergeant-at-Arms of tne Hoo\e oí the 11th of
January was referred, respectfully report that, in
pursuance of the orders of the House, they pro-
ceeded to examine the books and papers ¿of the
Bank of the Metropolis and of the Sergeant-at-
Arms This examination resulted in the discovery,
as the committee unammous'y believe, th*t at the
close of the late extra session of Congress an unin-
tentional error was committed at the bank in pay-
ing in gross and in specie, the checks of the Speaker
for the pay of the members.
The opinion of the committee that there is m the
bank three thousand eight hundred and eighty-six
dollars and seventy-one ceitts, to which the Ser-
geant-at-Arms is entitled, has been eomrftumcated.
