152
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ability he may prove there is no augmentation of
Executive patronage by this measure, I think far
less ability may prove the contrary, when the ques-
tion comes up; and that consolidation, also, of the
powers of the Government is a necessary conse-
quence of the measure under consideration. I shall
not enter into the argument now; all my argument
is designed to show the vast importance of this
measure, and to invite the Senate to wait the ex-
pressions of opinions which we have cause to ex-
pect from all quarters of the Union.
But the Senator thinks we ought not to wait, but
first argue the subject here, and send out our opi-
nions to the jury of the country. But suppose a
Senator commits himself for or against the measure,
and instructions come directing him to take the op-
posite course; what is he to do then? Must he
take back his argument and eat his words? No, sir:
let us inquire, and get our instructions in the good
old way, and let us obey them. Let us not commit
ourselves one way or the other, till we hear from
our constituents.
Mr. C. again urged that important measures
ought to originate, as formerly, in the other House.
He would make no motion to delay this bill,
and no objection to Mr. Hubbard's motion. If
the friends of this measure, said Mr. C. will not
wait for further information, let them come on; we
aré prepared for them, and ready to meet even
their redoubtable champion from South Carolina,
and to show that the tendency of this measure is
to overturn the liberties of the people, and to give
to one man the powers of the Government.
The Senator says it is not now in ordsr to speak
of disunion; and he does not see that this measure
can lead both to consolidation and disseverance.
Sir, I said at the last session, and I now repeat,
that the want of a uniform currency is unfavorable
to union, and its tendency is unfriendly- to its exist-
ence; and I say, also, that consolidation is a result
of this measure; that it is dangerous and destruc-
tive to the Union, becausj it will appear that it is
ruinous to the best interests of the country, and de-
structive to liberty.
As to the Senator's readiness to repel arguments
whenever the question shall arise, I trust I can
show to the country, to every unprejudiced man,
that the consequences which I have mentioned will
ensue from this measure.
Sir, let the motion of the Senator from New
Hampshire prevail, if the friends of this measure
are not disposed to wait and hear from the hic;h
authorities that are now considering it; and let
them precipitate themselves down the road to rum
in which they are proceeding, the ruin not
only of the Administration, but of the country; we
are ready to act for their salvation in the best
manner we can.
Mr. HUBBARD said that, if he understood the
Senator from Kentucky, he would make no further
objection to the adoption of the motion which he
had made to postpone the previous orders for the
purpose of taking up, for consideration, the Sub-
Treasury bill, (as it had been called.) At the
same time, the Senator said he would appeal to the
friends of this bill to give their etssent to a further
postponement of this measure; and he had submit-
ted the reasons which ought, in his judgment, to
induce the friends of this measure to comply with
his request. He had attentively beard those rea-
sons; he believed that he well understood them;
and, according to his poor understanding, the rea-
sons which he has urged for delay, are reasons
which should induce an early and an immediate ac-
tion upon this subject.
The Senator, in stating the importance of this
measure, remarked "that all the calamities of war
with the most potent power on earth, would be a
blessing compared with the effects of this measure
upon the country." If this bill is fraught with con-
sequences so disastrous, so fatal to the prosperity
of the country, it is time that its pregnant evils
hould be portrayed, and for one he was most
anxious to have this measure examined, and tho-
roughly considered, for he had regarded it in an
entirely different light from the Senator from Ken-
tucky; and if the effects of this measure would be
more calamitous to the country and ruinous than a
War with the most potent power on earth, it was high
time that the people, and the representatives of th 
people and of the States, should be enlightened, so
that they may discover the alarming, but hidden,
evils of this all important measure The fact sta-
ted by the Senator furnishes no reason for delay,
but presents every inducement for immediate action.
Another consideration has been named by the Se-
nator from Kentucky? which he thinks of sufficient
importance to induce the friends of this bill to post-
pone it for the present, and that in, that the Senate
should first receive information from the Legisla-
tures, now in session, before they take up the bill.
He has informed the Senate, that the Legislatures
of a number of States are now considering this
very subject, and that the Senate should delay ac-
tion until these Legislatures are heard from.
The Senator says he "wants to hear from Rich-
mond and from Albany before he acts. Tbis sug-
gestion ought not to delay the action of the Senate.
There was no certainty that the Legislatures would
adopt any definite resolutions in relation to the
subject. If they did, they would have, and they
should have, an influence upon the course of those
Senators who might receive instructions from the
people through the State Legislatures. When in-
structions arrived, he had no doubt that they would
be treated by the members of this body with all the
respect to which they would be entitled. The ques-
tion is, should the fact of the pendency of this sub-
ject before the State Legislatures deter the Senate
from performing its duty? The discussion here on
this interesting subject may.have an influence else-
where. He was for going forward, to do what
j ought to be done, and leave the action and the con-
sequences of the action of the Senate for the con-
sideration and judgment of the people.
The Senator from Kentucky has urged as a fur-
ther reason why the Senate ought not now to pro-
ceed, that this bill should have originated in the
House of Representatives.
The Senator says that things of late seem greatly
changed; that the Senate of the United States re-
cently has became the originator of important mea-
sures, which ought to have had their origin in that
branch of the Government nearest to the people;
that the Ions settled and approved practice of the
legislative branches of the Government in relation
to the commencement of the public business, has
undergone a great revolution. Does the recollec-
tion of the Senator well serve him? Does he not
remember that the compromise bill, and the bill for
recharten'ng the Bank of the United States, measures
near and dear to that honorable Senator, had their
origin in the Senate of the United States? Is it not
known that the latter measure was actually
forced through the House of Representatives with-
out debate, by the power of the previous question?
And is it not within the recollection of every
man present, that other most important measures
have had their origin in the Senate? He would
refer gentlemen to the .memorable articles of im-
peachment which were presented asainst the late
President of the United States. They had their
origin in this branch of the Government. Each
branch has ever acted, and will continue to act,
upon its own responsibility. Each branch of the
legislative power of Congress will originate such
business as may be deemed proper and expedient,
consistent wish their limitations upon their power as
expressed in the Constitution. There can be no
doubt that it was entirely competent for the Senate
to have originated this bill. The measure is withm
their jurisdiction; and it is in no sense interfering
with the rights of the House of Representatives for
the Senate to have presented to their consideration,
and to the consideration of the American people,
this particular measure.
The Senator advises that the friends of this bill
in the Senate should not proceed to act until they
shall have heard from the House of Repiesenia-
tives, as this body pas-cd at the last session a bill
less objectionable than the one now before the
Senate; and that bill was, by a vote of the House,
laid upon its table. This furnishes no reason for
delay. The Senate is bound to do its duty, and
leave the House of Representatives to do theirs.
But he entirely differed from the Senator from
Kentucky in supposing that this particular mea-
sure was more objectionable than that.   He, for
one, believed that this bill now before the Senate
would be found more acceptable (so far as relates
to details) to the American people than that.
There was not,-'however, any difference in princi-
ple between the two bills; they both looked to an
entire separation of the Government from banks in
the collection and disbursement of the public reve-
nue; they both looked to an important change in
the character of the currency in which that revenue
was hereafter to be collected and disbursed.
He had noticed all the reasons which the Sena-
tor had presented, and which he had regarded as
sufficient to induce the friends of this measure to
postpone for the present its consideration. As one
of the friends of this bill, he must say that the rea-
sons stated are far from satisfying his mind as to
the propriety of the wished-for postponement. He
considered them as furnishing powerful induce-
ments for immediate action; and he trusted, after
what the Senator had said, that there would be no
further opposition to the adoption of bit motion.
The previous orders were now postponed, and
the bill taken up.
Mr. WRIGHT then addressed the Senate in a
speech of considerable length, explaining and ad-
vocating die provisions and objects of ;he bill, and
answering the objections to it; after which,
On motion of Mr. KING,
The Senate went into the consideration of Exe-
cutive business; after which, it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, Feb. 1, 1833.
-Mr. RHETT called the -attention of the Chair
to the omission of his name in the vote of yester-
day, on the amendment of Mr. Bell on the Mis-
sissippi election case. Mr. R. had voted in the
negative, and the House directed the correction to
be made, thereby making the result—yea's 119,
nays 113.
Reports from committees were then called for.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS,
Mr. UNDERWOOD reported Senate bill with
an amendment, for the relief of the legal represen-
tatives of Henry Morfitt, deceased.
INDIAN   AFFAIRS.
Mr. PARKER reported unfavorably on the
claim of Lewis Evans; and on his motion, it was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr. FAIRFIED reported a bill for the relief of
Alexander Scott.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. Adams
on the 18th ult.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to this House a copy
and translation of the pamphlet, in the Spanish
language, stated in the report oí' the Secretary of
State to this House to have been printed and circu-
lated by the late minister from the Republic of
Mexico, Gorostiza, before his departure from this
country, and the name of the diplomatic function-
ary from a foreign Government who communica-
ted a copy of said pamphlet to the Secretary of
State.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Howard to strike out all that part relating to the
name of the diplomatic functionary, after the word
"country," in the eigh'.h line.
Mr. ADAMS, who was entitled to the floor, pro-
ceeded with his remarks upon the resolution until
the expiration of the morning hour, when
The CHAIR announced the special order of the
day.
Mr, JENIFER made an unsuccessful efiori to
induce the House to take up en their first and se-
cond reading, sundry bilis from the Senate lying
on the Speaker's table, merely for their commit-
ment to the appropriate committees.
MISSISSIPPI EEECTION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the Mississippi election case, the question being
on the amended resolution of Mr. Bell adopted
by the House yesterday.
"Resolved, That the resolution of this House of
the 3d of October last, - declaring that Samwel J.
• Gholson and John F.H.Claiborne were duly elect-
