154
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BUCHANAN railed for lhe yeas and nays
on this question; which were ordered.
Mr. WRIGHT th'en moved to fill up the blank
in the twenty-eighth section with $10,000, for the
purchase of a site and construction of an office for
the Receiver General at St. Louis, and for fitting
up rooms m the custom-house at Charleston, S. C.
for the same purpose; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. moved to fill the blank foi the salary of
the Receiver General at Ne.v York, with the sum
of $3,000
Mr CLAY called for the yeas and nays on this
qaestio', which being ordeied, it w-> -leci led in
the afb-mative—yeas 23, nays 17, as ¡uliows
■\ EAs—Messrs Alien, Eruwn, Luchanan, Cal
hou'i, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbeit, Fallon, Grundy,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, L>on, Morns,
Mouton, Nilcs, Norvetl, Pierce, Roane, Robinson,
Rugglcs, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Walkei,
Wall, Williams, Wright, and Young—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Knight, McKean, Merrick, Ni-
cholas, Prentiss, Robbms, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Spence, Swift, Timon, Webster, and White—
17.
Mr WRIGHT then moved to S1I up the blanks
in the eighth, ninth, and eleven lines, for the sala-
ries of the Receivers General at Bosion, Chaileston,
and St Louis, with the sum ot §3,500 each; «Inch
was agreed lo without a d'vision.
Mr. RIVES then said that he had the project of
an amendment, which he designed to offer. He
had not anticipa'ed, nor d'd hesupposeany gentle-
man had, that any question would be taken so
early, and, therefore, was not prepared with his
amendment, but by to-morrow,it the Senate would
indulge him so long, he would have the amendment
ready.
Mr. CALflOUN suggested that the bill be passed
over informally, by general consent, so that it
might stdl retain its precedence on tae orders, \\ hich
was agreed to.
The bill tor the relief of the legal ie) losentative
of John J. Bulow, jr deceased, was taken up on
the motion oí Mr. HUBBARD.
Mr. KING alluded to the commission th?t had
been appointed by the Government to go into the
States oí Georgia, Alabama, and Terntory oí Flo-
rida, and asceitam the losses that had aieruod,
and to make a proper report tnereon. These Com-
missioners ha 1 been througn Alabama and Geor-
gia, and had made a paitidl report, and would, no
doubt, be prepared lo make a report during the
present session, or, mdetd, if they did not, he
would submit it to the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, whether it would not be bettei to wait until
authentic reports were made by the persons seiect-
edfor that purpose, than go bhnily in.o the adop-
tion oí a measme which might hereafter be seized
on as a piecec'cU to obtain improper payments
from Government We all know, (said Mr. IC )
how these things are gotten up, the statements were
generally ex paHe, and would alwaj s present die
faires* side on the p..rt of the petitioner Let us,
tnen, vait until «e hear irom the Commissioners,
who would have an oppoitunitv of cross ex-
amining witnesses, etc. and ascertaining fiom the
facts, as they occurred on the spot, whethei the pro-
perty ought to be paid for oi not.
Mr HUBBARD contended that the case came
clearly within the principle estabhsed by the law
of 1816, and he believed on that subject there was
no diversity of opinion. He had examined the
case with some care, and he thought the evidence
conclusive, at least it was so to his mind. Another
reason why it ought to be acted on, w as that furtner
legislation would be necessary before the commis-
sion alluded could act, as every dollar of the ap-
propriation vv as exhausted.
Mi. SEVIER wished to know on what principle
this money was claimed' Viere the troop's m pos-
session of the House at the time it w as destroyed,
and if not, how long had it ben evacuated1 He
wished some utntoim principie established on the
subject, as there was a vast amount of property
ruined in Florida, and numerous applications would
doubtless be presented to Congress. Mr. S. offered
an amendment to the effect that the destruction of
the building should be in consequence of the occu-
pancy by the United States troops.
Mr. DAVIS, though friendly to the claimant,
because he believed that he had been subjected to
great loss, y et thought it better to wait for all the
facts The bill, as it stood, involved principles that
he was not disposed to sanction.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed.
The bill to extend the charter of the Franklin In-
surance Company was taken up, and after being
ampnded, by striking out "forty" and inserting
"twenty" [tne number of yeais for the duration of
'he chaiter,] it was ordered to be engrossed for a
tlrrd reading.
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Kentucky,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, Febuary 2, 1838.
The CHAIR laid before the House a message
ffom the President of the United States, communi-
cating the mmh annual íeport of the Board of
Commissioners of the penitentiary at Washington,
D  C
On motion of Mi WHITTLESEY of Ohio,
laid on lhe table
Reports from standing committees were then
called for.
WATS  AN'D   MCANS.
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated that, some time
since, the Committee of Ways and Means had re-
ported adversely against sundry memorials of
claimants under the Neapolitan indemnity, praying
Congress either to authorize the purchase of stock,
or the issuing of «took m exchange for it. Against
these two propositions, the committee had reported.
In one of the memorials there was a third pro-
position, that tho claimants should be authorized to
sell the indemnity and become their own agents
for its disposal, to which Mr C supposed there
wou'd be no objection It was an inquiry, how-
ever, belonging not to the Committee of Ways
and Means, but to that oa Foreign Affairs, and
he, therefoie, moved that the former be discharged
fiom that portior of the subject, and that it be re-
ferred to the lattei; which was agreed to.
Mr. RENCHER reported adversely on the me-
morial of Richard Clay and James Lowell; which
was laid on the tab'e
CLAIMS
Mr WHITTLFSEY of Oho reported Senate
bill, with a iecomm ndaiion that it do not pass,for
the relief of Caroline E. Clitherell.
COMMERCE.
Mr. SMITH moved that the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in relation lo the number and
compensation of officers of the customs, be printed
foi the use of the House, whxh was agreed to.
POST   OFFICE   4\D   POST   RO IDS.
Mi MONTGOMERY reported a bill to pro-
vide for additional clerks m the Post Office De-
partment, n the' Auditor's office connected there-
with, and for other purpose-.
JUDICIAL.
Mi TOUCEY made an unfavorable report on
the petition of Abraham Moi risen.
On motion of Mr. TOUCEY, the unfavorable
report made some days smce in the case of Tho-
mas Chapman, was recommitted to that commit-
tee.
Mr CILLEY reported a bill for the relief of
John H. Shepherd, admimstiator of Abiah Wool.
PRIVATE   LAVD   CLAI'I".
Mr HARLAN reported a b 11 to limit the ope-
ration of the third section, of the act of the 4th
of March, 1829, entitled "An act confirming the
reports of the register iud leceiver of the land
office of the district of St Stephens, m the State
of Alabama, and for olher purposes "
Mr. HARLAN also reported a resolution di-
recting the Committee on Pi i vate Land Claims to
inquire into the expediency of revivng, for a li-
mited time, the act of the 26th of May, 1824, enti-
tled " an act to enable claimants to land within the
limits oí the State of Missouri and the Terntory of
Arkansas to institute proceedings to try the validity
of their claims," and the act relating to the same
of the 24th of May, 1828, which was concurred in.
!
Mr. LOOMIS made an unfavorable report on
the memorial of Eli Hallbay, which was laid on the
table; but, at the request of Mr. LEGARE, the re-
poit was withdrawn, and again referred to the com-
mittee.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. PENNYBACKER made an unfavorable
report in the case of Basil Brown; which was laid
on the table.
INVALID PENSIONS.-
Mr. M'CLELLAN of New York reported a bill
for the relief of Frederics Sammons.
Mr. SMITH made an unsuccessful effort to in-
duce the House to take up sundry bills from the
Senate, with a view to their commitment to the ap-
propriate committees.
RELATIONS WITH MEXICO.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted by Mr. Adams
on the 18th ult.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be lequested to communicate to this House a copy
and translation of the pamphlet, in the Spanish
language, slated in the report of the Seeretary of
State lo tins House to have been printed and circu-
lated by the late minister lrom the Republic of
Mexico, Gorostiza, before his departure from this
country, and the name of the diplomatic function-
ary from a foreign Government who communicat-
ed a copy of said pamphlet to the Seeretary of
State.
The question pending was the motion of Mr.
Howard to strike out all that part relating to the
name of the diplomatic functionary, after lhe word
" country,"in the eighth line.
Mr. ADAMS, who was entitled to the floor, pro-
ceeded with his remarks, and contended that the
cases he had heretofore cited were much more of-
fensive to the Government than the publication of
the pamphlet by Mr. Gorostiza; that the Govern-
ment then pursued a very different course from the
course pursued now; that our Government was
wrong in the position it had assumed, and that it
must retrace its steps; that the position the Admi-
nistration had pursued, was calculated to prevent
our citizens from obtaining the claims which they
had upon Mexico, and that the perpetual appeal by
our Government to Jones Thuraeler, ill comported
with its former course of action. Mr. A. went into
considerable details as to the course of our Govern-
ment formerly, and contended that the Administra-
tion must retrace the steps it had taken He also
contended that the name of the diplomat.c func-
tionary who communicated Gorostiza's pamphlet
to the Secretaiy ot State, ought to be communi-
cated, not merely from the fact of his having
communicated it, but from the remark which had
accompanied it. He trusted that the House would
permit the name of this diplomatic functionary to
be given; but at any i ate he hoped the resolution
would not be rejected, but that it would be adopted
speedily
Mr. HOWARD said, as the gentleman from
Massachusefts had concluded bis remarks with an
expression that the House would decide this ques-
tion immediately, he would not detain it long. He
would have been willing, at the outset of the gen-
tleman's remarks, that the House should have de-
cided the question, wiihout further debate upon this
collateral pointy wh.ch he did not think of very much
consequence, and which hail already occupied too
muchof thetime of the House. But, as the gentleman
from Massachusetts (Mr. Adams) had seen proper
to present his views to the body somewhat at
length, Mi. H. trusted the House would excuse
him foi delaying them some little time further,
while he endeavored, as well as he could, to reply
to the remaiks of the gentleman. The gentleman
from Massachusetts had made a request of him
that he would withdraw the amendment to strike
out that part of the resolution calling for a commu-
nication of the name of the diplomatic functionary
who transmitted Mr. Gorostiza's pamphlet to the
Secretary of Sta e, and it was with great pain that
he (Mr. H ) ever refused a request coming from
that gentleman. In consequence of a repetition of
that request he ha* re-examined the subjeot, and
still he was unable to come to ths conclusions
which his wish to gratify the gentleman from uto-
