CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
159
pie of ihis State, and rat so doing deserare well of
their country.
On mpuoii of Mr. Holland of Marshall,
Resolved, That the stand taken by our Senators
and Representatives m Congress, against the dis-
cussion of slavery, meets our .hearty approbation
On motion of General Brown of Copiah,
Mesolved, That m the opinion of this meeting,
to resign their seats m Congress during its present
session, Messrs. Claiborne^ndGholson would leave
the State entirely without representation in the popu-
lar branch df the National Legislature; and, there-
lore, the people do not wish or expect it.
On motion of Gen Price, of Hinds,
"Resolved, That a committee of five be appointed,
to whom shall be submitted the resolution  adopted
by this meeting, with instructions to draft an ad-
dress to the people of Mississippi, more fully ex-
pressive of the opinions of this meeting.
The following named gentlemen were appointed
to constitute said committee Dr. Hancock of De
Soto, L. A. Besancon of Natchez, V C. Howard
of Jacksoa, K. S. Holland of Marshall, and Felix
H. Walker of De Soto.
On motion, the President, Vice President, and
first Secretary, were added to the committee: the
President made-chan man of the committee.
On motion, Resolved, That the proceedings of this
meeting be published in, the Democratic papers ot
the State, and that a copy be iorwarded to our re-
presentatives m Congress, signed by the officers of
this meeting.
The meeting was addresssd by Messrs. Tucker,
Besancon, Holland, Brown, Harley, Fox, Howard,
Butler, Runnells, Hancock, Stone, Walker, Dow,
Granberry, and Ellis, respectively, with eloquence,
power, and effect.
GEO   B. AUGUSTUS, President.
ARTHUR" FOX, Vice President.
A G  Brown, Secretary
Cham es M Price, Assistant Seeretary.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky inquired what
paper the proceedings of the meeting ot members
of the Legislature ot Mississippi was read from?
The CHAIR, replied that the proceedings were
read trom the Globe of Thuisday last.
Mr. WILLIAMS then asked that the introduc-
tory remarks of the editor oí that paper be read by
the Cierk
Mr. OWEN'S and many other members objected.
The question was put, and the House relused to
order the reading oí the notice—ayes 8U, noes 90.
Mr. GLASCOCK then stated that he held m his
hand the original proceedings, but they being cut
up into nairow slips at the printing office, he pre-
ferred sending the paper to the Chair to be read.
He would, however, have the original read, if any
gentleman doubted the coi redness of the proceed-
ings as published m the newspaper.
Mr. McKAY then rose, and proposed to the
gentleman irom Maryland, that as the gentleman
from Tennessee, (Mi. Bell,) on Saturday, had
raised some critical objections to it, as being a mere
truism, he hoped it would be modified so as to con-
form to former precedents of the House, declaring
¡hat the gentlemen claiming seats ^Messrs. Pren-
tiss and Word) w ere not entitled to seats as mem-
ber  of the 25th Congress.
Mr. HOWARD said that he had drafted his re-
solution in this way in the first place, but had mo-
dified it afterwards at the sug¿estion of some gen-
tlemen on this floor. He had no objection, there-
fore, now to modify his proposition to meet the
suggestion oí the gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr H then modified his amendment as iollows
" and that Messrs Prenass and Word are not en-
titled to s-vts on this floor as members of the 25th
Congress."
Mr. MARTIN, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House at some length. He was ol
opinion tnat the sitting members were fairly elected
at the election held m Mississippi m July last, un-
der the writ oí election issued by the Governor;
and that, even if the Governor did attempt to limit
that election to the called session, that the attempt
«ras void, and the sitting members were entitled to
their seats during the whole of the 25th Congress.
The House ¡>o decided at the called session. The
other day? however^ $ had yirtuapy dscided; by
the adoption of the amendment ot the gentleman
from Tennessee, that the elecbwi of July should be
set aside; and now it is demanded by gentlemen
that Messrs Prentiss and Word are entitled to seats
on this floor, because they were elected m Novem-
ber last. The election of November, however,
(Mr M contended) was a one-sided election, the
applicants for seats here being the only ca.nd dates,
and they not receiving one-halt ol the votes cast at
that election for S ate officers Underthese circum-
stances, he thouaht they could not claim to represent
the people of Mississippi He considered it a danger-
ous precedent for this House to reverse the solemn
decision of the House mide at the called session,
but if that decision was reversed, he contended that
the only mode of obtaining a fair expression of ihe
people on the subject, was by sending the election
back again to the people; because it was evident
from the number of votes which Messrs. Prentiss
and Word had received, that the decision of the
House had had an influence on the election.
Mr. BELL made a brief explanation in relation to
a reference which he had made on Saturday last to
a gentleman from South Carolina
Mr. CAMPBELL addressed the House briefly,
m explanation of the votes he had given on this
subject heretofore, and announced h>s intention
now to vote to send the who'c subject back to the
people.
Mr. PARKER addressed the House briefly, m
favor of the proposition of the gentleman from
Maryland to .send back the whole matter to the
people of Mississippi     When Mr P concluded,
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved a call of the House,
and upon this motion asked for the yeas and najs,
which were ordered, and were,jeas 196, nays5
So the House determined that there should be a
call of the House.
The roll being called through by the Cleik, the
doors were closed, the absentees called, and ex-
cuse rendered for -ill except four members
Mr HAYNES moved that the Setgean'-at-
Arms íequest the attendance of those members, for
whom no excuses had been offered, which was
agreed to.
Mr. CLOWNEY moved to suspend all further
proceedings under the call.
Mr. GRAVES called for the yeas and nays —
Mi. CLOWNEY then withdrew his motion to
suspend
Mr. REED moved to dispense with all further
proceedings.
Mr. FOSTER called for the yeas and nays on
this question
Mr. REED then withdrew the motion
The CHAIR then   announced that as   all  the
members were present who were not excused, all
further proceedings under the call expired
Mr CLOWNEY then addressed the House
briefly, contending that the election of Jul) was
void, and that 'he election of November v as con-
stitutional and legal Tncrelore, he must vote
against the amendment of the gentleman from
Maryland, and in favoi of admitting the claimants
to seats on this flooi
Mr ROBERTSON withdrew his amendment
Mi RfCE GARLAND then moted an amend-
ment, propemg to Strike out all after the word
" that," and mseit a preamble which he seat to the
Chair, setting foith that an election was held in
November, and that Messrs Prentiss and Word
were elected members to the 25th Congress, and
that they were entitled to seats on this floor
Aftei some few remarks by Messis PICKENS,
ADAMS, LEGARE, WISE, ROBERTSON, and
McKAY,
Mr. GARLAND withdrew his ar" ndment
Mr. CUSHMANthen call d for t1 e yet, aid
nays on the amendment of the gentleman iion
Maryland, which we e oidered
After a few miiarks by Me> i« EAIInG and
ADAMS,
The question mas taken on Mr HOWARD'S
amendment, declaring "that Messrs Prentiss and
Word are not entitkd to seats in this House, as
members of the 95ih  Congress," and decided__
yeas 117, nays 117, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs    \nue     n   Andrews,    \ther on,   Boatty,
Beirne, Bicknell, B rdaall, Boon, Bonldin, Brodhead Bronson,
{ 4§rtt^S¡ BudUBMUf  Byn«ms CtobreJmg, John Campbell,
Timothy J Carter, Casey, Chaney, Chapman, Cilley, John
C Clarl lease F Cleveland, Waiter Coles Henry W Con
nor, Ciaia, Cray, Cushihan, UaVee, DeGraff Diomgoole,
Duncan, Ldwards Farrmgtüri, Faxr¡§eld, Isaac I telpher, Fos
ter Frv, Gahup James G-ti tarrd^iascocli", Grantland, Grant,
& ly ialey Hammond, Haruson, Hawkins, Haynes, Holsey*,
Holt Howard, Ilublcy, VV H Huncei, Ingham, T B Jackson,
J iboz Jackson J 1 >hn-.on, N Jones, J W Jonf s, Kemble,
Klmgersmuh, I ee;aie I "adbetter, Losan Loomi*, James
M Mason, Mai in McKay, Robert McClülan, Abiaham
McClellan, McClure ii'cKim, Miller, Mon gomery, Moore,
Moigan, SamiU W Moms, Muhlenbeig, Murray, No-
ble, Owens Palmer Paiker Pirmentejr, Payntei Pen
riybacku, Petnkm Phelps Plumer Potter, Zadock Pjait.
Pientiss Ru!>, Khett, RiUianUon, Rives Shelter Sheplor,
fetnlth Spencer, Stltau, Taylor, Thomas Titus, Toucey, Tur
ney. Vail Vanderveer, Waji ner, Webster Weeks, Albert
S VVhitt, Thomas T Whittlesey, Jared W Will.ams, Wor
thmgton, and Yelt—1 7
NAYS— \TesMs Adams Aiexandei Ileman Al'en,Tohn\\
Allen, Avciisi, Bell, Bid He, Bond, Bon en, Bnggs William
B Odlhon I hn Calhoon, William B Campbell, Wnbam B
Carter Chambeis, Cheatham, Clulds Clowney Coffin, Thomas
Corvvin, Robeit B Cranston, John W Crockett, Edward Cur-
tis, Cushiog, Darlington Dawson, Davies, Deberry, Dennis,
Dunn, Elmoie, Evan , Eraren, Bwng, Richaid Fleichei, 1 ill
more, Rice Garland, Goode, Tames Graham, William Graham,
Guvts, Grennell Griffin Hall Halstead, Harlan, Harper,
Histnigs, Haw es, Henry, Heiod, Hoffman, Hopkins, R M T
Huntei, Jenifer Henry Jihnson, William Cost Johnson,
Lawler I ewi Lincoln, I yon, Mallory, Maivm, ¡-am«ou Mi
son Mamy, ">!-y, MaxwUl, McKennan, Menefee Mercei, Mil
hsan, Mitch" [ Aiathlas Won s Calvaiy Mom Naylo,,
Noye Osle Patltison Pttlon Pearce Pi,clc Ph Hip? Pic! ens
Popo Po Is, F.ai iden Randolph Reed, Kencher Ri I wav, Rn
heitson R r ey hus c 1, Sivvyei, Si" it Auru tu o il
^hepper 1 Charles -*l ptid Shields ^1 ev Ma e *->mb„at
^un v, totone, "s lal >n Ttha no [ br fa, I llitigba^t, ,V
ill Undeiwvid lol n Whiit Jjilsha Wlimiesey, I ewls Wil
!i nis,tehenod Wi'Uams, Joseph L Wi.lam", Christopher IÍ
Williams, Wise, and Yorke—117
The CHAIR voted m the affimative, so the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr HOWARD then moved the rmendment he
had before submitted, duecting the Speaker to in-
form the Governor of the decsion of the House.
Mr WISE rose, and pronounced the decision of
the House as unprecedented, and declared that if
he was the Governor of Mississippi, he would not
otey the mandate of this House, and if he was
one ot the gentlemen «ho had been elected in No-
vember last, he would present lnmself to tne Chair,
and demand tobe qualified
Mr BOON rose and said that it had not until
very recently been his intention fo do or say more,
in the settlement (f the question then pending be-
fore the House, than to give his silent vote But,
said Mr B. w hen I see gentlemen rise m their
places upon this floor, and hear ihem declare, in
a tone of arrogant self-confidence, tiat all
those who may differ m ith them in opinion are
mere tramplers under foot of the Constitution
and the rights of the people, I feel myself called
upon to express my utter contempt of him who
would ai tempt to dictate to others. Sir, I never
will consent for any man, with or ivilhout a
beard, to dictate to me what is the true meaning of
the Constitution and laws of the land Happily
ioi the people of this 1?id of libeity, they are
blessed with a Constilution which permits every
lnrnidual who shall take an oath to its support, to
cotisfue it in a mannei that will gne peace and
qu<et to his ovtn conscience and constitution, and
to suit his or then own pmty purposes Sn, whv
.nsult the uitell,pence of the American people by
exclaiming against the influence of paity here,
when almost every vo'e taken in this House i&
so highly seasoned with part)'
Mi. B said tint he was pleased to heai the
honorable member ¡rem Tennessee (Mi Bell)
come out so honestly as he did on Saturday last, m
insane minnt s' speech, which consumed the greater
piit of ¿tco hours m delivering it. Thatgeitleman
freely admitted the influente of pmty feeling, and
never, Mr Speaker, was there a monger appeal
made to party fee'ings than was made by the dis-
tinguished gpntieman fiom Tennessee When this
qutsti n^hallLe set led !y jeas aid ut >s, .then
it ill the people d th í, coun *j ícenle if, the Con-
sti'vtwn, oi the r rW i pnty, h s i ad rnt st
to t1 n ' c " '(i t i cí t cutstor. And
the people w,li set, ,co, whe.her or no there
be any member ol tms Hou-e who shall not
have represented the feelings of those who sent
him here. Sn, this House, at the called session
solemnly adjudicated this question, and with all the
material facts in the case being then discussed and
fully considered, it was declared, by a majority of
this House, that Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson
were duly elected members of the 35th Congress
