"*"■>.    &S«- ¿^"«^i^s^igf^™
COlVC^RKSSlOlMi, &LOBE.
'25th Cong.........2nd Skss.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 1838.
Volume 6.........No. 11.
, :  BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1 PER SESSION,-
'{Continuedfro,a JVo. 10.]
would be incalculable. Mr. K. denied that the
principles recognised in civilized warfare, applied
to savage warfare, where there almost always was
one wide destruction of life and property; and that
in Florida, so far from the United States troops
having had possession of the estates leading to
their destruction, it was a well known fact that in
most cases they were invited to do so for the pur-
pose of protection.
Mr. HUBBARD advocated the claim with much
zeal, declaring it to come clearly within the princi-
ple recognised by the law of 1816, but that the bill
before them only asked to authorize the Secretary
of the Treasury to take such evidence as would
satisfy him that the claim was just, and came
within the principle recognised in 1816; that was
all the bill asked for.
Mr. NILES thought it better to proceed with
great caution; the passage of the bill might involve
the, country to an immense amount of money.
Mr. N. did not know whether savages had any
code by which they recogaised the laws of civilized
people in their mode of warfare. He was inclined,
however,' to think it was distinct in principle.
In civilized warfare private property was respected,
unless in the occupancy of troops or used for mar-
tial purposes then, in fact, the shield which tne
custom of civilized nations threw over it was
removed; and when it fell into the hands of an
enemy, it was destroyed in consequence of that
possession. Did the tame principle pertain among
savages? He was inclined to think not. Their
usual mode appeared to him lo be indiscriminate
slaughter and indiscriminate destruction of pro-
perty, private as well as public. Inhibís case, it
was incumbent to show that this properly was
destroyed in consequence of such occupation. He
thought the present case did not come within the
principle claimed for it by the Senator from New
Hampshire. The proof, he maintained, ought to
be irresistible before any action was had on an
isolated case, involving so many important uems for
consideration. AfteT the report was made by the
Government commissioners, some principle might
then be settled on which Congress could act under-
staudingiy on the subject.
Mr- TIPTON said he could show cases of a like
character with that before the Senate, that had oc-
curred % the Northwestern Territory, where the
parties injured had never thought of asking for re-
muneration. He would therefore move to lay the
bill on ihe table.
Mr. HUBBARD expressed some surprise at the
remarks of the gentleman, (Mr. Tipton,) as he
was ott the committee, when the bill was unani-
mously reported, and no objections made.
Mr. TIPTON said he had never agreed to
the features of the bill when in committee.
Mr, HUBBARD wished the motion withdrawn
for a moment; but that not being acquiesced in, the
motion to lay the bill on the table prevailed.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
The Independent Treasury bill was then taken
up, the amendment of Mr. Rives being under
consideration.
Mr. RIVES said ho indulged the hope that, af-
ter the failure of this measure in the other branch
'of the National Legislature, and the opinions so
clearly manifested by the recent election's, that this
subject would not again have been pressed upon
the consideration of the Senate, but that the Com-
mittee on Finance would have presented some
scheme upon which the great interests of the coun-
try might have harmonized Mr. R. contended
that this bill was a re-production of that of th« last
session, with additional deformity of feature, cal-
culated to increase the patronage of the Executive
to a i'ar greater extent, and with the same tendency
to create disorder and convulsion in the currency.
Mr. R- spoke until near 4 o'clock, and gave way
to a motion to adjourn, without having consluded
his argument.
The Senate then adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 6,1838.
Mr. CARTER of Tennessee, asked leave of the
House to correct an error, which appeared in the
published list of the vote of last evening, en the
Mississippi election, in the "Globe." He was
represented as having voted in the affirmative for
Mr. Howard's amendment, but he voted in the ne-
gative, and it was so recorded on the Journal.
Mr. C. asked the favor of the Globe reporters to
make the correction. [The error occurred through
inadvertency in transposing the names of Mr.
Carter of Maine, and Mr. Carter of Tennessee.]
The SEEAKER laid hefore the House a letter
from the Secretary of War, in obedience to the re-
quirements of the act of March 2, 1803, transmit-
ting abstracts of the general returns of the milma
of the United States, and of their arms, accoutre-
ments and ammunition for the year 1837.
- On motion of Mr. GRENNELL, laid on the
table.
Reports from committees were then called for.
WAVS   AND   MEANS.
Mr. C AMBÜELENG reponed a bill authorizing
the pmchase of certain books for distribution
among the members of the House of Representa-
tives, according to the resolution of the 27th of
January, 1838.
Mr. C. explained, for ihe information of the
House, the reason why the Committee of Ways
and Means had reported this bill. It was not with
ihem a nutter of choice, but of necessity. A rule
of the House exptes-sly prohibited any atnind-
ment being engrailed on an appropriation lull, not
previously authorized by law; and, therefore, nei-
ther the committee, nor the House itself, had any
power to nnert an item in :he bill to meet ihe ex-
penses under the resoluiiou tor the book . For this
reason, the committee had directed him to report
this bill.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved lhat the Commit-
tee of Way* an I Means be discharged from the
f'nrlhiir cimMil'-ration of a communication from the
War Department, in relation to the purchase of
lands at Key West, and that the same be referred
to ihe Committee on Military Affairs concurred m.
Mr, C. also moved the discharge of the same
committee from the further consideration of a
communication from the Treasury Department,
in relation to extra compensation to the packers in
ihe General Land Office, and the reference of the
same in the Committee on the Public Lands, con-
curred in.
Mr. POPE reported a bill for the relief of Lewis
H, Bate? and William Lacon.
CLAIMS.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio reported a bill for
the relief of William Colt and William Donaldson.
Mr, WHITTLESEY also reponed, with an
amendment, Stnate bill for the relief of David
Stfme.
Mr. CHAMBERS reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Michael Fenwick,
deceased.
Mr. RUSSEL made a report against the petition
of Hiram McElroy, executor of Edward Wtllet,
deceased.
rUBLIO   LANDS.
Mr. BOON reported Senate bill, with' an
amendment, granting pre-emption rights lo settlers
on the public lands.
(The amendment was lo the effect of excluding
the Miami reservation from the operation of the
bill/)
Mr. LINCOLN obtained leave to lay on the
table, and have printed, an amendment he intended
to submit when the bill came up for consideration.
niSTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. BOÜLDIN reported a bill for the continu-
ance for four years after the expiration of the pre-
sent charter,of the Union Bank of Georgetown.
JUDICIARY.
Mr. CORWIN reported Senate bill, with amend-
ments, to change the times of holding the circuit
courts, of the United States in the seventh circuit.
The amendments were to add the "district," and
to provide that the courts should be held at the
seats of Government in Ohio, Michigan, and In-
diana.
On motion of Mr. CRARY, the farther conside-
ration ol the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
Mr. TOUCEY made a report against the peti-
tion of Timothy Guard.
Mr. THOMAS made a report against the peti-
tion of Thomas Atkinson.
Mr. GARLAND of Virginia reported a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on the Judiciary to
inquire into the expediency of abolishing the Cir-
cuit Court of the United Slates held at Lewisburg,
in the State of Virginia, and that the memorial
against the abolishing that court, now lying on the
table, be recommitted to that committse: concur-
red in.
REVOLUTIONARY  CLAIMS.
Mr. CRAIG made unfavorable reports on the
petition of Isaac McCammant and John Snow.
Mr. MUHLENBERG made a report against
the petitions of Gen. James Hogan and Jonas Bart-
ett.
1 Mr. PARMENTÉR reported a bill for the relief
of Henry Hunt.
PRIVATE   LAND   CLAIMS.
Mr. HARLAN reported a bill to revive an act
to enable claimants to land within the limits of the
Slate of Missouri and Territory of Arkansas, to
institute proceedings to try the validity of their
claims, approved the 26th of May, 1824, and the
act reviving the same, approved the 94th of May,
1338.
INDIAN   AFFAIRS,
Mr. PARKER reported Senate bill, without
amendment, to authorize the Secretary of War to
adjust and allow the claim of Benjamin Murphy
of Arkansas, the value of his corn, cattle, and hogs,
taken by the Cherokee Indians, in December,
1828, without amendment.
NAVAL AITAIRS.
Mr. INGHAM reported a bill for the relief of
Nicholas Verplast.
Also, a bill for the payment of certain pensions
heretofore paid out of the privateer pension fund.
FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr. LEGARE reported a bill for the relief of
John Randolph Clay.
Mr. DROMGOOLE made a report against the
petition of George W. Biscoe.
TERRITORIES,
Mr. BRONSON reported a bill to divide the
Territory of Wisconsin, and to establish the Ter-
ritorial Government of Iowa.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. MORGAN reported a bill authorizing the
Secretary of War to allow compensation to pen-
sion agents.
Also, a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Jones and
others.
Mr. BOND reported a bill for the relief of Asahel
Kingsbury.
Mr. KLINGENSMITH reported a bill for the
relief of Erastus Pierson.
Also, a bill for the relief of William Andrews of
the State of New York.
Also, against the petitions of Wm. L. Marcy
and others, of Albany, in behalf of Revolutionary
pensioners, George Cook and Hannah Newton.
Mr. JOHNSON of Virginia made a report
against the petition of Darius Dewey.
Mr. CHILDS made a report against the petition
of Betsey Nekton.
INVALID PEMS10NS.
Mr. TAYLOR made a report against the peti-
tion of John Thompson.              _
Mr. MALLORY reported a bffl for the relief of
Benjamin McCulloch.
Mr. M. also made a report against the petitions
of William Warden, Benjamin Southard, and
Jacob Miller.                                              '       -
