162
 -------       'i;     i.     -—-■!■ nn-r......i. <-,, min rui^.^iw , iinnni''   i^iM^t^ia, ,1,111
Mr. II ALLEN made a report against the peti-
tions ot Isaac Cumrmngs ami Damid Palmer
Mr. HEROD made a report asamst the petitions
of WüiBwp Marryott, Jeremiah A. V/inney, and
Bela Sprague.
Mr. STANLY made a leport against the peti-
tions, of Joseph Lanabee, Thomas Morgan, and
Asa Demngton.
Mr. PLUMER made a repoit against the po-
tions ot Zebedee Smith, Lbei Ilolden, John Man-
ning, and Charles Carter.
ROADS AW CANALS.
When this committee was called,
Mr. GRANT ashed leave to submit a motion to
print 5000 extra copies of the report m relation to
the construction of a ship canal round the falls of
Niagara, but it was objected to.
SEIECT   COMMlTTtt
Mr. DUNCAN, fiom the select committee, on
the memorial ot Boyd Rei'y, reported a bill to
purchase and use the apparatus invented and pa-
tented by Boyd Reilly, for applying gas oi vapor to
the human body in the naval and military service
in the hospitals and in the penitentiaries ot the
United States.
LIBRARY.
Mr. PATTON moved that the joint Committee
on the Library be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the resolution of the House directing
that commitiee to mqmre into the expediency ol
purchasing the senes ot portraits of the first five
Presidents of the United States, painted by the
late Gilbert Stuart, for the purpose of having
them preserved either in the Capitol or the Execu-
tive mansion, and that the same be laid on the
table.
Mr. CUSHINGsaul that he was aware, when
he offeree! the resolution, that it did not stnctlv
pertain to the jurisdiction of any one of the stand-
ing committees of the House. He had no objec-
tion to rmve the Committee on the Libran'dis-
charged fiom its consideration, but hoped it would
he refeired to a select committee. It was contiaiy
lo his usual course m the House to make such a
request, but he was induced to do it in this instance,
from a conviction that on investigation it would be
found that no more appiopnaje ornament could be
placed in the Executive mansion than these admi-
rable portraits of our early President, fiom the
pencil ot so eminent an American aitist.
The question being put, the Committee on the
Library was discharged, and the subject was, re-
ferred to a select committee.
AMFNDM1 NT   OF  THE   RULES
Mr. BELL, on leave, submitted a resolution,
providing that there be added to the standing rules
andordejsof ihe House, a rule that all the Slates
and Territories shall be called for resolutions at
least once a month during each session Those
giv ing rise lo debate lying over as under the opera-
tion of the pres-ent rules,
Mr. MERCER was in favor of the resolution,
but had doubts about its mfrcqucney. He should
prefer its opetation lo be made once a fortnight.
Mr. BELL had no objection to such a modifica-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Caro'ina moved to
extend it to once a week.
Mr. BOON was understood to advocate twice a
month.
Mr. REED was in favor of once a fortnight.
Mr. BELL thought that would, perhaps, meet
the general spnse of the House
Mr. WILLIAMS was w dhng to accept once a
fortnight, if he failed in getting it once a week
Mr. BELL thought it better to make it once a
fortnight—say the second and fourth Tuesday in
each month.
Mr. WILLIAMS'S amendment was then disa-
greed to without a division
Mr. BELL then modified his resolution, bv 11 K-
mg ihe days for calling for resolutions the soc rd
and fourth Tuesdays in each, and varying lie
phraseology of the other paits accoidmgly.
Mr. HAYNES said it seemed to him that it
■vrou'd be better to make it every alternate petil-on
day, Moroays. He suggest-d to the mover so to
modify it.
Mr. BELL would be willing to do so if he
thought it would be acceptable to the House, for
coKGREssioirai* mmm*
-..................i....      ,      .       ,     rvI<j,.U.......  „   ,,4,^,^-y......
he considered H a grievance that one oat «Í the
Toar public business days shtmld be occupied in rt-
omuh? petitions
Mi. HAYNES. True, it was a grievance lo
some extent, but if they appropuated another day
•o resolutions, the grievance would be worse-
Mr BELL suggested to the gentleman from
Georgia to move such an amendment, and take the
sense of the House upon it.
Mi HAYNES te oidinglv moved sotoam-nd
the resolution.
Mi BRONSON said, -I he apprehended the ef-
fect ol the amendment, it would be to pt event them
fiom piescntii)'  petitions, oflener than once a ton-
night. Tais, he thought, would he restricting ihe
right of petition rather too much; for even now,
when one day in e\ery week was open, not one pe-
tition in ten could be presented by those charged
with them.
Mt.CAMBRELENGsatd that, whatever dis-
position the House inii ht make of this new inte,
which he thought a \ery pioperone, he hoped they
would not entrench further upon the four days al-
lowed to the business of the nation. They had
amended the ¡tiles, upon a number of occasions,
foi ill!) last tpn \ears, until, at length, thev had tu'
dimn the time loi public business lo lorn d lysonly
in each week, and ihe consequence «as, that the
session had been prolonged at least six weeks be-
yond what would otherwise have bien necessary
lie ptotesied as'uiist taking out more day fiom
the business of the country, fot it would add an-
other month to the ses>ron
Mr HAYNES'S amendment was then agreed
to, M to 53
The resolution, as amended, was then agieed to,
by a \u*e of two-thirds, and ordeted lo he added lo
the standing rules of the House, in the follow ma;
word's.
" All ihe Stales and Ten Hones shall be called on
each alternate Mondays tnr resolutions iluiingeaih
session of CoiiKrrs-, and, if nee'c'ssaiv 'o secure this
objpet on said <i ty s, all r< solutions which shnlleii e
rise to debate shall he over for discussion under 1'ip
rules of the House already established; and ¡In 
whole ol said da\ shall be appropi aled lo resolit
lions until all Ihe Stales and Territories are call !
through."
MISSISSIPPI ELECTION
Mr. RHErT.isl.<Hl ii-ni to oiler the following
resolution
Ktialral, Tint the Cle rk of this House pay lo
Messrs Pient ss and Word ihe same compensan m
peí diem and mileaee that is ailowiel to members
ot Congress, computing the per diem from the dav
ot presenting their claim to seals m this House
Mr. WILLIAMS ol North Carolina objecting—
Mr. RUKTT moved a si>spen,ion of the rule,
which was agrei.il to—ayps 1(1(1, noes not counted.
And the question being on agreeing to the resi -
hit inn—
Mr CONNOR of North Cirolmi, and Mi.
("¡RUTIN oCSon'h Caiolitii, simultaneously ro'-e
and called for the >ea. and najs, winch were or-
deied.
Mi DUVSOV, of Ocngra, said that no gen-
tleman in tint House could be more willing than
he that the gentle men named in the ns lution
should, if it ueie proprr, he allowed their expenses,
as proposed, for he «a, one of those who belli ved
thai they were jnst'y entitled to the seats whn h
they had been den pel on this flooi, having been le-
gally and constitu k nilly ilectiii But h« also
held that this HeosC had an indisputable right to
dncide on the ciielion and qualifi ation ot us own
mcmlicis, (tnd the House hail de. i'lcd that Messis
Prentus and Word vvi re not me mbers ol this bod),
or Representaities from toe State of Mississippi
If not, w hat light c wld the House possess to allow
ihenr thi ir per diem and trivell ng expenses? II"
could not see that sue h a incisure was just fied by
the Con~tit.iturn Th" Constitution was nota me.'i
prcmisstve instrument, it spoke that it might com-
mand, and commanded mat it might be obeyed.
Mr D here lead liotn the Crh section of the fust
a'tule, of the Constitu i ¡i 'The Senate is aud Re.-
pre"i>nt!t ves shall n cc>v e a oornpeusa'ioii (or then
set vices, ij ,.<■ psei '>irp,l h\ hi', and paid out of
ths Treasury ot the United .States." Whtt «as a
Representative, in the sense, of this passagJ   One
,i.,n  .•> r    ¡jl>n . — yi^-gil.^.i.i.fii.afiii ,;_             ■•.................'__LJZ=Z2
who hast town teaagnrnd tyi such by the House of
Representatives, Bat the   gentlemen had not
been so rtctignised, were «ol thewefoie Repiescnta-
tives, and could  « rightfully receue pay as such.
Mr. WISE observed that this was the resolution
«hteh the gentleman from South Carolina had at-
tempted to offer yesterday, and which he had given
notice that he should ask leave to olTet this e.'ay
Mr. W. was prone! and happy in being authorized
by Mr. Plenties to sav. m behalf of himself and his
colleague, to this House and to the people of Mis-
sissippi, that the claims of the people of Mississippi
h,ivi«t« been refused by tint House, and her just
and Cfi'istitnttoiml representa!.on denied to b'-r, he
could not consent to have his own personal claims
eitlioi recognised in refused as distinct from hers;
anil he therefore declared, proudly, that he would
not touch a dollar of his pay until the rislrs of the.
State of Mississippi should be recognised Mr. W
said, howciei, that, notwithstanding this honora-
ble disclaimer on the part of that gentleman, he
should still vote to allow ihe pay. And wh)1 Be-
cause, accoulitig to Mr. W's mew of the case, that
gpntlemin was, .noucling to both the Constitu-
tion ol the United States and rhcliwsul Missis-
sippi, at that moment, in eteiy thing save the?
ei'Hh of office, as mm li a member ol th it Tloii-e a.
Ml. W. «ns. If he believed otherwise be never
yvonld vole lot this resolution. On that point he
eUtrely ngreed with the gentleman from Georgia,
(Mr, Dawson,) but, under his own views of the
case, he should vote the pay. The gentleman from
Mississippi might accept of it, or not, as he pleased.
He repeated, however, that gentleman's own ele-
claiation, that he was too piond to touch the pay
wi houi discharging the ditties of a memhet.
Mi ADAMS wished to utideistand fiom the
genilemaii fiom Gcoigia how it was that ho consi-
lient! tlu puní iplesht had laiel down as applicable
to Missrs Girusow ant Ci eu ors-i, , and not te>
Mis,is   Pienii sand Wo iP
\1l DAW sOJN, e\p! uneil, (ih mgh in so !o« a
i ote i j senut to be' heaid by the reporter ) He
wis nndri-toi d to sty that A e>v-r., OnoisoN and
Ciaidorm- lint been suorn, and had been pro-
nounced bv a vc If e>! the House e'nl;" elided; and
as lie In lei the House to have the sole right of jndg-
i> ' iispeeiing ihe elect on and qualification ot its
nun mi ml  is, be felt bound to submit to Us deci-
sii ii, and thneforc to recognise Messrs Gtioi son
and Ci iuior.sf entitled to thef pay, whi'e the other
¡remit men were not, being, in both respects, in
precisely opposite circumstances.
Mr ADAMS. I do not understand the force of
rhrs distinction. Messis. Ghoi sum and Claiborvi.
míe sivorn, under a decision ol th" House, de-
ilarttij; ihem duly elected, which decision has since
hi en pronounced unronsiitnimnal, null, and voiel,
and his been rescinde 1 as such On what giound,
ih ir, is it, that they are to be consid red as entiil ci
to llmr compensation and indemnil), while the
same is to bp withheld fiom those who come here
Willi real credentials, which Ihty ; oihwe,and which
aie duly authenticated by the Governor and the
broad seal of the .Stale, but who wer> den>ed thpir
s<als ;n h> Ho ise bv a majority of one1 On what
principle this i|i,tmcti m on be made, I confess I
am not able to comprehend The substance of th 
arguminl sou a dee,,ion of this House over both
the Constitution and laws of the lane', and that is
pi eisciy the groun I on uhieh I hold, and alw-ys
hive held, the lesolulum of this H'Htse of the 3d
of Oeiobii.as null and void, and in which I holt
ihe lusolutitin adopt' d last night to be equally so
1 They arc In th ulti rly U'lconstituliontl, null, and
vui I, and ,ue in ir i v i e bint'in" em the propleol
Mis      lppi, oi of any other portion ofthr O States
hi n"1 !>/• \ in oi ny express 1 iw that gcutle-
1 nt 'ir? th'ir taishfie are enfnlcd to cr in; en-
sit em and indi ninny The centleman from G^oi-
1 idcisiioi contend that there is any necessity,
under law, to pay them as if they had been du y
eliscted, and yet, though there is no law for that, he
thinks it is proper to allow those who, as he admits,
were not duly elected, their pay and mileage, while
he hold-, it not proper to allow it to those who were
duly elected, and why? Because the one set of gen-
tleinpii were recognised by a vote arterwarels re-
scinded, and the o.ner =et were rejected by a majos
my of one vote,
