CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            169
and requiring that the country should then be-held
subject to the revenue laws of. the United States;
with aa appropriation of $50,000.]
The bill having been read twice, Mr. LINN
moved to refer if to the Committee on Military
Affairs. He «pressed his regret that same other
Senator had not moved in this matter; he had failed
m his endeavors to that effect, and had in conse-
quence now presented the subject himself as one of
great importance. There was reason to apprehend
that if this Territory should be neglected, in the
course of five years it would pass from eur posses-
sion.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said he thought the
Senator and the committee would do well to make
inquiries as to the stipulations of the present treaty
with Great Britain, aod whether we could occupy
this country now without giving cause of offence.
The country had been taken possession of by Great
Britain, in contravention of the treaty of Ghent.
There was a clause in that treaty, or rather a word,
which was intended to cover this identical case,
connected with the Oregon, and which covered no
other case. It was founded on these circumstances:
A settlement had been made on the Oregon by Mr.
Astor, and the establishment was called Astoria.
During the war it was taken possession of by a'
British armed vessel. In the stipulation of the
mutual surrender by the two countries of places
taken during the war, Mr. C. had intro.luced the
word "possession" as descriptive of the hold winch
we had on the Oregon country prior to the war.
Mr. C. hoped the treaty would be examined before
any decisive step should be taken on this subject.
Mr. LINN said he was aware of that provision,
and it was his intention that the inquiry should be
made. He designed to get all the information he
could on the subject, and lay it before the com-
mittee or the Senate, that the Senate might make
such modifications of the bill as they might think
proper, -He wished the bill to be made as peifect
as it could he.
Mr. LYON remarked that be knew of one of
his constituents being desirous of going west of the
Rocky Mountains for the "purpose of settling and
carrying on a farm.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that he was very glad
that his friend from Missouri had moved in this
business; and he had done himself injustice when
he said it might have been moved more appropri-
ately by another perion. The time had come
when we ought to assert our right to the Oregon
country, or abandon it forever. We know, by in-
formation received from an agent of the Govern-
ment, that the Hudson Bay Company were esta-
blishing forts in that quarter, cutting down the
timber and conveying it to market, and acquiring
the allegiance of the Indian tribes; and while they
had been thus proceeding, we hatl patiently looked
on during a long period of years. Our right ought
to be now asserted; but it should be done in a pru-
dent and delicate manner. "We were obliged by
the treaty to give a year's notice. The time had
arrived to settle this question, and there were too
many such questions unsettled with the British
Government already. While we should be care-
ful to violate no treaty stipulations, we ought
promptly to assert our right to this country.
Mr. BENTON urged the propriety of having
this subject referred to a select committee, of which
his colleague should be the chairman : he knew of
no one better qualified.__________... „. .....—....."
Mr. LINN, after "some demurring, assented,
withdrew his motion of reference to the Military
Committee, and the subject was referred to a selsct
committee of five, of which the Vice President
was authorized to make the appointment.
On motion of Mr. PRESTON, the resolution
offered by him, authorizing the Joint Library Com-
mittee to cause the Madison papers to be printed
and published, was taken up, changed to the form
of a Joint resolution of both Houses, on the sugges-
tion of Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, read twice, and,
after some conversation, it was referred, on motion
of Mr. SEVIER, to the Committee on the Library.
- The bill to present the abatement of suits and
actions now pending  to which the late United
States Bank is a party, and
The bill to establish a new collection district in
Mississippi, at Vieksburg,
Were severally read a third time, and passed.
The resolution' for an inquiry as to placing the
staff officers of the Revolution on the same footing,
as to grants of land, with the officers of the line,
was taken up, and agreed to.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
imposing additional duties as depositaries on public
officers in certain cases, etc—the question being
on Mr. Rives's substitute for the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD spoke at large on the subject,
in favor oí the bill, and in reply to Mr. Rives ;
and, before he concluded, he gave wav for a mo-
tion of adjournment, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, February 8, 1838.
Reports from committees were called for.
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Connecticut reported
the following, vu:
Bill for the relief of Eleanor Clark.
Bill for the relief of Marcy Richards.
Bill for the relief of Francis Chandler.
JUDICIARY.
Mr. ROBERTSON reported, with an amend-
ment, Senate bill entitled "an act to prevent the
abatement of suits and actions now pending, to
which the late Bank of the United States may be
party."
The amendment was in the follwing words: "or
which may be pending on the 4th day of March
next.'-'
Mr. R. moved the third reading of the bill.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if the attention of the
committee hail been drawn to the fact, how far it
was competent to commence suits after the 4th of
March next.
Mr. ROBERTSON replied that that question had
been presented to, and discussed in the committee,
but they had refused to amend it further for fear of
jeopardising the speedy passage of the bill in the
Senate.
Mr. ADAMS expressed a wish that an additional
section to that effect be engrafted on the bill, f.>r as
it stood, it led to the impression that all suits
commenced against the Bank of the United States,
and not terminated on the 3d of March next would
be, ipso/acta, abated, and the bank thereby relieved
from nil responsibility of redeeming the reissue of
ihr old bills, after the two years allowed to wind
np its affairs from the expiration of the charter.
Mr. ROBERTSON said it was not understood
by the committee to be the intention or effect of
this bill to decide that suits pending on the 4thof
March, by, or against the bank, would or would
not abate. The bill had been prepared in the abun-
dance of caution, and was considered a matter of
such importance, as to require its immediate
passage by (he House, leaving the question of in-
stituting suits against the bank, after the 4th of
March, to be submitted at another time. He would
suggest to the gentleman from Massachusetts to
su(I«r this bill to pass, and to introduce a resolu-
tion requiring the Committee on the Judiciary to
take into consideration the subject of extending the
time.
Mr. ADAMS explained his motive to be to se-
cure the creditors of the bank, which, by implica-
tion, at least, appeared to be lost sight of by this
bill. He desired to see some act of Congress put-
ting it in the power of the creditors of the bank to
recover their claims agamst'it, and he thought it
better to recommit the bill.
Mr. CILLEY stated that he had not had an op-
portunity of giving this bill that full examination
its importance required, for the committee had been
suddenly called together, on a day different from
their ordinary days of meeting:, and had come to a
very hasty determination. Mr. C. addressed the
House at some length, and concluded by express-
ing his accordance with the suggestion of Mr.
Aoams, to recommit the bill.
Mr. LOOMIS stated that he most heartily con-
curred with the gentleman from Massachusetts,
(Mr. Adams,) in the abject sought to be obtained
by him—the security of the holders of the bills of
the late Bank of the United States, issued by the
present bank; but he doubted whether the object
could be attained, as suggested by that gentleman,
by an act authorizing suits at law to be com-
menced against the bank after the final expi-
ration of the time to which its corporate exist-
ence had been limited to enable it to close its af-
fairs, and which would take place on the 4th of
March next. No suit could be instituted against a
corporation after it had ex.pired. It had a mere le-
gal existence, and, by the expiration of its charter,
it became de'unct—there was no longer any thing to
,-ue or be sued; but surelv some remedy must be
adopted to secure the holders of bills issued (he
thought the circumstances would justify the ex-
pression) fraudulently issued by the present Bank
of the United States, and which she was not liable
to pay. Well might the bill-holders ask, who is
liable to pay these bills? He had, within a few
days past, received a letter (rom one of h:s consti-
tuents—a highly respectable citizen—stating that
ihere had been recently paid out in that vicinity
#40,000 of the bills of the old Bank of the United
b'lates for the produce of the country, and stating
that the people were getting alarmed in respect to
them, and were anxious to know to whom they
were to look- to redeem them, and asking his
opinion and advice as to whom the people were
to look for their redemption. What answer
could be made to such an inquiry? The only re-
medy he could conceive, was for some person or
corporation who had, by purchase or otherwise,
acquired a sufficient amount to warrant the ex-
pense, to institute proceedings in chancery in the
United States courts, to have a receiver appointed,
to reduce the assets of the old bank into money,
and pay off its liabilities. He was certainly not
disposed to continue the existence oí the charter of
that bank, which he had shown would be necessary
in order to make it subject to actions at law. .As he
understood the matter, the funds and property of
old bank were now in possession of the new bank or
its officers, in the character of trustees, to close up its
concerns, and collecti is funds, and pay offits liabili-
ties. Instead of faithfully discharging this trust, and
getting in its circulation, they bad been engaged in
extending it; instead of paying off its notes, for
which purpose they took the lunds, they were issu-
ing old notes. They had tlon'e so to the amount
of several millions. Surely this stale of things
ought not to be suffered. This Govurnment have
created the corporation, and giveti it all its power;
and it seemed to him it was bound to take all ne-
cessary measures to prevent the abuse of this
power, and to protect their citizens from frauds and
losses.
He had thought of introducing a resolution,
either directing, in the first instance, or directing an
inquiry into the expediency of passing a law, re-
quiring the Attorney General of the United States
to institute proceedings for the appointment of a
receiver of the funds and property of the late bank,
and paying off its liabilities, and closing the con-
cern. The present tiustees had not proved faithful
to their trust, and ought to be removed. In
a short time the funds and property of the
late bank would be so changed, that they
could not be identified. As yet it was probable
that a sufficient amount to pay off its liabilities
might be traced and identified; but if the present
trustees were continued, they would soon be so
amalgamated with the funds of the present bank
as not to be distinguished. If there was any thing
in the charter to prevent the application of this
course before the 4th of March, a law might be
made prospective, to take effect at that time. He
preferred that this whole subject should come up
together; it was all connected, and immediate ac-
tion on this part of it seemed to him very impor-
tant. He was, therefore, in favor of recommitting
the report to the Committee on the Judiciary.-
Mr. GARLAND oi Virginia explained ahat this
bill had come from the Senate op yesterday and
that it was simply a bill to prevent the abatement
of suits now.dependingj and which may be.brought
against the institution, or by.jt, .prior io'-the.4i'h of
, March,-next- .He was opposed to the connection
."'óC.thJB matter brought to the notice' of the.House
