tM-é^éfStf individual member of the House. He
allttdeá to the difficulty which had ansen between
the Sergeant-at-Arms and a bank of this city, in
retaran to a certain money transaction which had
befe brought to the notice of ths House. Well,
star, the letter writer alluded to did indirectly, if
not directly, charge the members of this body with
having purloined the money from the Sergeant-at-
Arms He thought it at the time due to the House
that this matter should have been inquired into,
and more especially so in consequence of the re-
marles made on the occasionby the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio said that he must
•certainly Have been misunderstood in the remarks
which he had made on the occasion alluded to.
He liad certainly not charged upon any member of
the House the taking of the money lost by the
Sergeant-at-Arms. He had spoken of the loose
manner m which the money had been kept, it being
in a room where every person that pleased might
have access to, and he had said that it might have
beel lost m this way , but he disavowed having
made a charge against, or entertaining any suspi-
cion of, any member on this floor having taken the
money
Mr BOND also disivowed all intention ol im-
puting the loss oí the money on the occasion al-
luded to to any member ol this body.
Mr. GLASCOCK was glad that those gentlemen
had disavowed all intention of imputing the loss of
the money to members of the House, and was happy
to receive their explanation, but he believed those
remarks had made an impression upon persons here
of a different character fiotn this, and he presumed
that the Boston leltci-writer had based his asseition
on the general remarks ol the gentleman Jrom Ohio
So far as the pie-,ent icsolnuon was concerned, he
thought the piopei oouise would be to adopt it, but
he would greally prefei it if it wis modified to meet
the suggestion ho had thrown out When these
charges veie made agnnst individual members o!
the 1 louse 01 .-«'iinsi the character and dignity ot
the House usclt, he thought they required that an
investigation should be had into the matter, so
tint Iheporih ol the hod; might he sustained
Mr W1SK said he had stated that it was proper
thai this mqmr\ shou'd take place by Iho 1 louse,
even in cise theptrson implicated should tuin out
to be a Senator, m enter ihat lit might be impeach-
ed. It had been sus<ge.te<i, however, that this
could not be done, as none but civil ollicers could
be impeached under ihe Constitution, II ihis
should turn out to bt the case, however, the ct m-
mittee could report this fact to the House Gen-
tlemen had spoktn ol charges being nifule
by members of this Iloust. I, said Mi
W lave mode ehargts ol ccimpuou upon
jour H\eeuiivi, voui heads- ol Dtpiitmenfs, and,
in some instances, almost this House lie would
say, ho i ver, that he was at all times responsible
for any thing he might '-ay, fo whoever may feel
himself aggrieved.
In this case, however, he was not the accuse),
but he had told gentlemen who was the accusei.
His colleague (Mr. Bouioin) had reiened to ,m
ociuirtnte which look place here someycais ago,
when he (Mr W ) had chaiged sume oí the mem-
bers of the House uitn being drunk, and bis col-
league seemed to bt ridden with the ghost oí that
charge JNou, it his colleague meant io assert
that members ol Congiess had not been diunlc m
their 'eits, he (Mr W ) would prove thai they had.
So much lor ihat.
He trusted this inquiry might be had, and lit
hoped the charge wculJ tuin out to be ¡also, ho
feared howtvei, tint it would turn on I to be true
He Knew notion? of the (acts himself, ho hid seen
the charge nade in the public punts, and be bad
brought it to the nonce of ihe House, and thus
lar he had discharged his duty
Mr EOULD1N would íeplyto a single remark
of his colleague What Mr. B meant by alluding
to the incident he had, he thought almost any man
who had any serse at all well understood, but he
weiold try and explain,further.
What he meant was this-, that, if the members
oí this House «tag  tte members oí this House m
their places with «very inf rmjty \o ^hjch they may
coisr0REssfo^At Ghbm.
be liable, and publish it to the wide world, ihat, m
doing s'o, they will publish but those infirmities
which are common to humm nature, and known
to beso, and they will also publish but their own in-
firmities. And where is ihe advantage of doing so^
he asked
This he had mentioned as a case that might hap-
pen, because it d.d happen If, however, any
member upon this tloor thinks he is clear of all in-
firmities, then let him be a censor morum Tot
himself, Mr B. did not come upon this iloor to
charge the House ot Repiesentatives wilh being
more liable to coriupuon than any other body m
the world, nor did he come there to charge his
brothels \uih any thing, noi to seek into their in-
firmities. Perhaps he could name things or do
things about this or that person in or out oí the
House, but what could the House do? If it gets
into investigating, and inquiring into, oralluding to,
the peculiar infirmities of each member thereof,
he should like to know what would be Ihe end ol
it, and what w ould be the length ol it Mr B di 1
not doubt but ihat Ihe genileman might prove that
he had seen sume oí his brolher members on this
floor drunk He would not say tht gentleman
could piovc it, oi tint he could no!, on anv occi-
sión, but it was a cise in whtih, b) making a
broad charge against ihe while lion i, uithout
identifying the eliaigc against any individual, he
Ihat submitted and kept himself quiet was con-
demned wiih the «hole ííou>e, and he that said a
word was etmlomnel also
Mr WISP. Will you loueh foi the man al-
luded to'
Mr. BOUI-iDIfi sud he would as soon vouch
for Ihe iihIivkIuiI reltiinl to as fm any man, Io
hi ue\er h< did ol his hung intoxicated, bul lit hid
often him d < ' flu f llt< t pioduteil—ihitii was said
to h.ivt loiicht I liim pirtiuittrly Now, the gtn-
tleinen sud tint h mark Intuitu! Mi 1? tint i ,
the leni Inunted hi a so is to mike bun sonsihlt
thai, in lint eist il hid ih<« efleet he ippn heml d
tvery snob llung noultllme 11 genlleimn would
gel upon tint Iloor, .ml iepi il tlnrgts ot news-
papers, Ibis pnpei may he .is good as any ttlm foi
aught h" knew, but if thty would icpeal the e
charges, and ask lot an impuiy, In lint voted (or
it diil, in Mr. B\ opinion, do a thing which placed
(he House in ,i pnsiiion oí guietal guilt, and lit
who icliised to Km loi it, made luinsji obnouoiis
to tin (barge oi be in," gmlt\
Mi WIsC suI he hid made no charge, but
biousbl the attention of tht Iloust to atbaigt
madi In anoihr i
Mi. HOUf.DliNf n plied Out «hit he mi ant to
sny wiist i u ll\ llie Ihmg it ii-uali I b) Inst oll< i~ m
lie comt s inut tht Í iuiiM , bnii^-, i nt wspipu \i tia-
gmph io ih< notii i o< tin fl >ns< , am! asl ^ the
IIiiiisi to iiqtnlt i tttiit, Hid Ml B in s ted t nl, if
5011 vote against it, 01 speak ¡icainst it,>ou n iuki
youiself lnbb lo te implicated, and if jou in e for
it, 01 spe ili foi it, yott are li iMi with the bal intt
of the lit ise, to b" set dou n as one of the num-
ber That was his meaning Peihaps Mr B
inifiht left. (11 il, though in lust Ik was doubtful
whelhi 1 he slioti'd 01 not, foi utbti \ 1,, if this
onus was p rst w ltd in, Ihe tune w 1 not l.ti dis-
tant w hen tin 11 oust w mid hi  e \t iv bun 11, iiac-
fer to vole about
Mr  Wish.    So 1 ihiiilt loo
Mi BINUM sutl l nt the pi sit on uhih
seemed lo bt taken hue was, thit whtnneuspipfr
charges were made, no m.ntei how in'tdml , iheie
must be a commune to invest gut them 'Ihis,
lu ucvei,  <ii 1. p isi'ion wh'ch he utleilv den ed
Il this thing is can ltd out, ■we sail Inve nt thing
but eonfu ion, tle/iaiiatit n t( ilus 1 <lv, •> d in
arehv in the end Wt know lint ch igcs nr' d .i!v
manufactmetl I eie 11 ordei and uit out i'i o '1
ihe ci until, lot tl pnptst of u l-i \ 1' il
eliai it tei ot ilmse in fit >r of a Oemoei on Admi-
nistration ol t le Generil Government But, su,
bcfoie gt nlleinen lakt nonet  of these ehirges m
the manner now pro «sed, Ihey should look to the
charactti tf ihe sources of them, and inquire
whether thev were «01 thy the notice of a grave,
dehber live bodv K it not known that theie is a
set of hirelings ¡>-itt here from year to year from
your large cues, which aie under the influence of
its
1    '    .    '     ■    " ■         ^...........'          .      :r-
banking corporations, to- hold a rod aver the heads
of your members of Congre«sl Well, who are
}our "Spies in Washington," and your host of
oilier hirelings, employed for the purpose of defam-
ing (he ícpresentatives of the people' Why, sir,
they are a set of individuals which would disgrace
anv man who comes m contact with them. They
aie a set of men who batten and fatten upon the
slang and slander of bar-rooms and tippling shops,
and no honorable and honest man can came in
contact with them For his own part, he would
 hun them as he would shun a viper. Where is
ihe member of Congress who would associate wilh
ihn herd' If there was any who was in the habit
of associating w ith them, he should like to know it.
Mi B confessed that be did not know how these
witlchesgol ihs information w hich the) did, without
having intercourse with members of this body, but
he had ahvavs thought that no member would de-
grade himsell so much as to be caught in their com-
pany. These creatures undertake to review the
characters ol yciu members of Congress, your Pre-
sident, and tour whole Administration, and they do
so at the order of Ihoie who employ them The
minuet in which they are emplojed shows the cha-
racter ol the met, forever) iiononble man would
levolf at the idea of beingtmplouilm such aman-
nei lie had ofte 1 wished 10 know by what au-
di mly the e cieatures were admitted within
ihe walls of this Hall, and permitted to take
seals on the floor of the House. He had
searched ihe rules of the House in vain for
such aulhinty, but he never had been able to find
it Why, sir, it would be an endkss matter to go
into an investigation of all these charges Have you
forgotten the bold charge « hich was made a short
lime ago 111 the Biston Atlas against members of
Congiiss, alleging that they h ul robbed your Ser-
geant-al-Anns'This chargt. wis made by one of these
iiiihvulinls, emplt'ud lor the pitipn-o. of --land r-
iii' honoi ibk and borust mtn These are the
1 in 1 of men whos> charges are to be mide a mailer
ol sun ns inquiry in this House Put he was most
surpiisttl it ihe/mtlcman frmn Georgia, calling
upon " O'd Spet s" lo tome down here fiom thtf
gilltr) and tell us whit he meant in the charge he
hid ma le. If the gentleman was disposed logo
this lar, whv not peimit this mdu itlual m " specs"
io come in tike a seal among us He vvassirry
to ve that there was a want of firmness on the
part of many gentlemen to íesist a thing of thu 
kind lit. bail no feir of any imputation resting
upo 1 him, an I if an) gentlemen, would dare to
make chaises against him opcnlj , he would take
sut h fonist in relation, as ihe case might demand,
but if a drunken vagabond attick him in the
slittl, he would not stop to quarrel with him, be-
c mst he would tin n only be bnns'iug himself
UtiO th „i   t
Mr THOMPSON of South Carolina, at this
stage ol tha piotttdings, on leave, made a motion
t> retonsider the vote on llie passigeof the bill,
loi the itliei ol the he rs ol Robert Pulton, which
w is enititd and lies over
Mi HOPKINS said it the chai?e was of the
tint Klei dfs-t 1 ihe 1 b he 't ntlcm in iiom Noith
f in '1111, lit st tun I h ve si ,,c doubts about voting
li i tht ] lopositit n, but this w?s of a tlilTtient cha-
laitu, nut be wou'd vote loi the inquiry, and if
thtclvigt was snstan ctl, be would have the atem-
ba evp Ucd I fe hoped the clnrge would tuin out
to be untrue in fact, but it ought to be investigated
Mr DPvOMGOOLE sud ii he had been left (0
h ins li, he shouid hive res'1 riled the pub'ieauon m
th s newspiper as he <hou!d the idle wind, but
viben it was bit ugnt befoie the Housi, lit «as tin
inusual tu t in 1 he most scltmn and impos ng
ftrm Ht ctuidi it, however, vote ft !' e le olo-
tón 1 lis ¡icseit sh-j-e, an 1 be sj> n t'td on
-1 n"ii lnuT, in h ri tin of a tbstimti, relainmg
Mr Wis, s piermbt, and ?fler the word "Re-
solved," th. f dlowing
' That the subject matfer of the cl wze contained
in ihe foregoing publicition be investigated at th«
bar of this House, and that a subpeena be issued
to require bis attendance touching the same."
Mr JENIFER suggested whether it would not
be belter to take the preliminary step* before a
committee.
