CONCHftESglOMAl.- GL.OBE.
S5th Covg.........2nd Sess.                                 MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1838.                                    Volume 6...........No. 14.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                        ---------WEEKLY---------                                PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
[ Continued ft om No   13 ]
Resolved, That it is inexpedient to discontinue the
receipt of the notes of specie-paying banks of the
States, under proper regulations and restrictions,
by   the   Treasury   Department in the  collection
of the public revenues , and that to do so would be
highly mjunous to the interest of such State institu-
tions, and of the citizens generally
On motion of Mr LYON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads inquire into the expediency of es-
tablishing a post route from Spring Hill, in Maien-
go county, via Boston and Dayton, to Whitehall,
in said county
On motion of Mr CHA.PMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
allowing a pension to Andrew J Kirby, of Jack-
son county, Alabama, who was disabled on his
march to Florida, m the service of the United
States, m 18H6.
ILLINOIS
On motion of Mr MAY,
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to lriquue into the expediency of con-
stiucting a lght-houseat New Buffalo, on Lake
Michigan, and also at the mouth of the Little Ca-
lumet river in Illinois
INDIANA
Mr. WHITE oTered the following resolution
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be direct-
ed to lay before this Plouse copies of all letters, pe-
titions, or other documents, on file in his office, rela-
tive to the removal of William G Pomeroy, late
postmaster at Plymouth, Marshall co Indiana, and
the appointment ol the present incumbent
Mr W remarked that he was aware that, by the
ru'es of the House, resolutions calling upon ahead
of a Department for information, mast he over one
day, but having been instructed by a respectable
class of his constituents of both political parties,
directly interested, to seek throuah this channel the
inform? tion caí'ed for, he hoped the House would
consent to take the vote now
The CHAIR here reminded Mr. W that, by
the late rule, resolutions offered to-day are not de-
bateable.
Mr. WHITE thereupon moved to suspend the
rules of the House, and that said resolution be con-
sidered at this time, which motion was decided in
the negative
On motiob of Mr EWING,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and
Canals be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of making suitai le piovi.ion for the survey and
improvement of White river, from its junction with
the Wabash and the east and west forks thereof,
(reserved n->tionil highways, by compact,) as fai
as a certam slackwater navigation shall be found
attainable
Mr GR4H4M offered the following resolution
Whei ps, at a meeting of the president and di-
rectors of the Jeffersjnville and INlew Albany Canal
Oimpairj, he.d at their office in Jeffersonville, on
Saturday the 10th da} of February, 1838, the fol-
lowing resolution vs as unanimously adopted
Rtso.ted, Tha* the Hon Wirut-vi Graham, Re-
presentan! e m Congress from the State of Indiana,
be authored and empowered, in the name and on
behalf of the Teffersonv lile and New Albany Canal
fompanv, to tepdei to the Congte s of tne United
States a «urrender of the charter of said company
uoon cohdttnn that the General Government will
undertale'he construction of said canal, and all
othei acts and pioceedmgs of the said Wiliiam
Graham, necessary to the accomplishment of the
object herein proposed, are fully authorized by this
board.                   GEO. GRAHAM, President
Jas. E. McClbllan, Secretary.
Therefore, resolved, That the Committee on Roads
and Canals be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of accepting the proposition of the president
and directors of the Jeffersonville and New Albany
Canal Company, as set forth in then foregoing re-
solution,
Which was adopted.
On motion of Mr. RARIDEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of repealing so much of the act entitled An act to
authorize the State of Indiana to open a canal
through the public lands, etc approved 26th May,
1824, as excepts certain sections of land therein
named from sale, and to satify such sales as the
United States, m violation of the provisions of said
law, have made
LOUISIANA
On motion of Mr GARLAND of Louisiana,
Resolved, That the Comrmttee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
and justice of granting to the State of Louisiana, m
aid of works of internal improvements, and part -
cularly the constiuction of levees on the western
bank of the Mississippi river from Point Coupee to
the northern boundny of the Stale, and on ti o
southern bank of Red river, tne sime extent ut
land which has heietoforebeen granted bj Congie^s
to othei Western States, and particularly to the
States of Alabama and Ohio
On motion oí Mr. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to this House, as soon as possu le, on the
practicabil ty of removing the obstmctions to the
navigation of the Atchatalaya river, in the State of
Louisiana, and on the probable miluence oí said
improvement on the diamirig ol tht adjacent coun-
try, and on the floods of the Mississippi Ion ei down,
accompanied by an estimate of the cost Also,
whether the boats and machinery now cmplojed m
the remo\a! of the Red nvei raft couid be advan-
tageously transfeired to that service
By Mr JOHNSON of Louisiana
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pub ic
Lands inquire into the expediency of providing a
suitable building, with a fire-proof viult, m each
sui vej ing district, for the preservation of the re-
cords in the offices of the surveyors gcneial, and a
similar building foi ihe registers ol in- respective
land offices, for the preservation of the records in
their offices, and, also, into the expediency of in-
creasing the compensation of the deputy surveyors
of the United States, forsmveying such lands as
cannot be surveyed tor the fe.> now allowed by
law.
The íesolution was agreed to
OHIO.
On motion of Mr ALEXANDER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Oft ce
and Post Roads be .nstructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Seneca-
viiie, via Cambndge and Mackej's, m Guernsey
eeuniy, to Dresden, in Muskingum county, Onio
On motion of Mr HARPER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land
Claims beinstiucted to mqu re into the expedi-
ency of remunerating David Ballentinc of Mus-
kingum count',, Ohio, foi the amount oí ceitam for-
feited land stock, a certificate lor which was ini-
propetly issued to John Deaffy.
On motion of Mr ALLIEN" of Ohio,
Resolved, Tnat the Committee on Claims be in
stiucted to inquire into the expediency and justice
ot an additional allowance to Irad Kellj and Datus
Kelly of the State of Ohio, for st )ne furnished on a
contract with the United States for an arsenal at or
near Detroit.
On motion of Mr   HARPER, by leave,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionar)
Claims be instructed to inquiie into the expedi-
ency of granting to the representatives of John
Green, the bounty land to which he was entitled,
as a soldier of the Virginia line, in, the Continental
army
On motion of Mr. MASON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and  Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing the following post routes,
namely. From Springfield, Clark county, Ohio, by
the way of South Charleston, Grassy Point, Bloom-
mgsburg, Washington, and Frankford, to Chilh-
cothe, Ross county, Ohio. From Belfonlame, Logan
county, Ohio, to St. Marys, Mercer county, Ohio,
ciossing the Great Miami at Plums, thence to St.
Johns, thence to Wapaukonetta, thence to St.
Marys From Xenia, m Green county, Ohio, to
Dayton, in Montgomery county
On motion of Mr ALLEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of placing the name of Elijah Cheney of the
State oí Ohio, a Revolutionary soldier, on the pen-
sion roll.
On motion of Mr. BOND,
Resolved, That a select committee of five be ap-
po nted, with instructions to inquire into the expe-
diency ol reporting a bill providing for the sale and
disposition of such lands within that part of tha
State ot Ohio known as the Virginia Military Dis-
Uut, as shall lemam after satisfying the claims
eharged thereon by the deed oí cession from Virgi-
ria, and further to inquire into the expediency of
now providing by law for the final disposition of
all the public archives, books, and papers relating
to said district, and now held by the principal sur-
veyor thereof.
TENNESSEE.
Mr BELL, on leave, introduced a bill to secuie
the freedom of elections, of which he had before
given nouce, which was read twice, and, after some
conveisation between Messrs BELL, GARLAND
of Virginia, and MERCER, the bill was referred to
d select committee oí five.
On motion of Mr STONE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route fr >m Per-
lyville, Ternessee, by the way of Cab Creek
Springs, to Lexington, Tennessee
On motion ot Mr SHIELDS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of allowing a pension to Absalom Blundell,
for services performed in the Revolutionary war.
On motion of Mr TURNEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of gianttng commutation pay to the heirs of Major
Aloert A Muller, of the South Carolina line duung
the Revolutionary war
Mr CARTER oSered the following preamble
and resolution, which lie over under the rule
Whereas purity in the administration of a free
Government can only be maintained by the obser-
vance of strict economy in the public expenditures,
and
Whereas extiavigance and prodigality tn the
management and disbursements ot the public reve-
nae are the surt indications of an unjust and cor-
rupt Government and whereas a free Government
cannot exist wheie public officers and agents are
mu tiplied beyond the demands of the pubhc ser-
vice, merely to gratify the increasing desire for
puohc employment, and where the public adminis-
tration rehes lor its support moie upon the interest
and attachment of dependants, and the amount ot
paltonage under its contiol, than upon the impar-
tial discernment oí an enlightened community, and
Whercis p ibl c officeisand employments have
increased, oí late, m a degree unprecedented at any
former period cf the Government, and
Whereas the public expenditures have increased
vvilhin the last nine 5 cars, from thirteen millions of
dollars, that being near the average of the annual
expenditures in time of peace up to the year 1829,
to upwards of thirty-two millions since that time;
and
Whereas, these facts clearly indicate a great de-
gree of laxity and weakness m the public adminis-
tration, or a wilful abuse oí the powers of Govern-
ment, and a determination to rule by the use q
patronage.   Therefore.
