¿vgw
212                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
,             ■           , ■          ,   ,      ,           ■     „______________________________„___________________________                                                                                 .........>..,«-,..   ■„■     .    -                ...........                       .71
Match, 1837, as to include in its provisions all
persons who have been, or may hereafter be,
wounded m the army of the Umt«d States.
On motion of Mr. DE GRAFF,
R,e$olved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of so amending the laws now in operation
granting pensions to widows or their children, as
to extend the benefits of the same, undet the n-sual
restuctions, to the widows or children of all those
«ho died in consequence of wound  oi injuries re-
ceived wnile in the service of the "United States
previous to 1818.
On motion of Mr GALLUP,
Resolotd, That the Committee on Revolutionaty
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of griming a pension to Elizabeth Tiuax, of
Alb my county, New Yolk, fin sei vices rendered by
hei late husband, Abiaham Truax, asan ensign m
the Revolutun-iry war.
On motion of Mr. LOOMIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the power of the United
States Government to compel the application of the
assets and effects of the late Bank of the United
States to the payment of its outstanding debts ,md
liabilities, and if satisfied that such powei exists,
that they report to the House the propei measures
to be taken for that purpose
On motion rf Vti. CAMCRELENG,
Resolved, That the Commitke on the Libiary be
instructed to inqune into the expediency ot autho-
rizing the purchase of a sufficient number of copies
for the use ot the libraiy of Congiess, and the libia-
nes ot tae t vo Houses, ot a work containing the
annual report if the Treasury on the Finances,
from 1789 to 1^37, which work has been already
published
On motion of Mr GRAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be in-
stituted to inquire into the expediency of planting
compensation to Wm Tryon, of Sackett's Haibor,
New York, for propcity destroyed by the Un ted
Sta'es troops in 1814, in consequence of the neccs-
saiy occupation of bin premises by such troops, by
order of the comandmg officer oí that station
On motion of Mr CHILDS,
Resol ed, That the Piesident be requested to com-
municate to this House (U the same can be done
without prejudice to the public service) all the do-
cuments and information in Ins possession relative
to the pr< secution of the claim to the Smithsonian
bequest, also, what duty has been performed, and
lemams to be performed, by the agent employed at
London, in relcrence to «aid claim, and how the
money heietofore appropriated by Congress has
been applied.
On motion of Mr TAYLOR,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
amending the law now in force for printing and
distributing the acts of Congress, so as to give to
them a more unirorm and general circulation
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire mto the expediency ot
continuing the construction of the Military road
from Plaltsburg, in the county of Clinton, to
Whitehall, in the county of Wasmngton, and Sute
of New York, with a view to the greater facility of
transporting Military stoies and munitions of wir
fiom the interior of the Statt of New Yolk to the
irontier sefemcnls at the North
CONNECTICUT.
On motion of Mr HALEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revo'utionaiy
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of placing Davict Mallory, of Connecticut
a soldier oí the Revolution, on the Pension r> II,
and of gruitmg a pens.on tcr services renderel
On motion ot Mr INGHAM,
Resoked, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation for the survey of the harbor 0i
New Haven, in the Stale ot Connecncut.
MASSACHUSETTS.
On motion of Mi. LINCOLN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be
i is'ructed to report, as soon as may be, a bill  for
the reorganization, arming, disciplining, and go-
verning, the nvhtia, upon such principles, and
with such provisions, as are adapted to the present
state of the population, and will better conform the
required service toothe probable occasions of the
country, and which will relieve the people from un-
necessary burdens; render more equal the duties to
be performed, and give greater efficiency to the or-
ganized force of the nation, n preserving the public
peace, maintaining the supremacy of the laws, and
repelling hostile invasions.            .
On motion of Mr. C VLHOUN,
Replied, That the Commitlee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, consider the expediency of esla-
bl'shmsa mail route from Westfield, in Massachu-
setts, through Montgomery, by Norwich Bridge
and Chester North Village, to Woithmgton in said
State
On motion of Mr. BORDEN,
Resi/wd That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route from Adams-
ville, in  the Slate of Rhode island, by the way of
Hick's  Bridge to Dartmouth, in tne State of Mas-
sichusetts
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
Rtso'ved, Tint the Committee on  Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
ot gtviug a p'nsion to Mis Mary Center, of Pitts-
fiel 1, Massachusetts, the widowed, mother of Lieitl.
.Tno  P Center, who recently fell m a  battle with
the Indians in the Florida wai.
On motion of Mi   REED,
Resolved, Th it the Commitlee on Commerce be
instructed tomquue into the expediency of making
an appreciation for surveying the harbor of South
Haiwich, wilh a view toimpiove the same.
On mod >n ol Mr ADAMS,
Rtsohed, That the S-cretanes of tne Treasury,
of War, and of the Navy, be directed to repoit to
this House the lames of all the person ; appoi  Kd
as agents for the payment of pensions from the lust
attempt   to   tiansfer   the   payment of  pensions
from the late Rink of the United Slates  to   ot'ier
nsrents tor said payment  to the present time, spun
fymg !he authority by which such appointments
ha\e  been made, the forms of  the commissions
issued to such agent--, Die sums of public monevs
advanced or otherwise paid to such agents for sud
payments,   and the   dates oi all   such advances
and    paymenls,   and    the   balances   rem lining
credited  to cull   of thcin at   the end   ol  each
quartei,' the compensation,   if  any,  allowed to
slid agents fot such services, the banks, with which
they tnvc been respe< tively connected, 'Iip offices,
whether under authority of the United States, oi
of the separate  States, held by such agents, at the
same tima, when charged with the pension agency,
and the compensation  which they have received
therelor
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions  be instructed  to inquire into the expedi-
ency of placing on the  pension roll of ihe United
Slate the mine of Fli7ibeth Dm ant, of Hinsdale,
Mass widow of Thomas Durant, of Middlefield,
Mass a Revolutionary soldier, deceased
Mr AD\MS of Massa< httselts, presented the
following resolution
Resolved, That the letter and petit on of John V
Blown and twelve others, from Rocky Mount,
Fiankhn county, Viigmia, praying, for reasons
therein as-jgiied, foi thearra-gnmentatthebarof the
House, and expulsion of John felmMCY Adims,
a member of this House, be printed, with the
nam°s of the signers thereto, and referred to acorfl-
mittee of nine members to consider and report
thereon, with liberty to send for persons and papers
Mi A was about to address the Chair in sup-
port of the resolution, when the Spbakeii reminded
him that, under ine order of the House, if any re-
solution was likely to cause debate, it must be laid
over
Mr ADAMS said, that as the resolution re-
ferred to a question of privilege, he presumed that
part of the rule did not aoply to this reso^tion
The CHAIR, havng considered the resolution,
decided that, as a question of privilege, its coasidc-
raiion would bem order
Mr RENCIIER, of Ncrth Carolina, moved th
preliminary question of consideration, viz: whelhe
the House would consider the resolution?
The CHUR said that the question of reconside-
lation would take precedence of all others.
Mr ADAMS said that ihe resolution concerned
his i-wn privilege as a member of the House, and
of the House also.
Mr. RENCHER said he would withdraw his
motion fot the question of consideration.
Mr. ADAMS then railed for the reading of the
I- t'cr and memorial to which the resolutions re-
tened    And they were read as follows
R( cky Mount, Franklin count?, ?
Vm&iNii, Feb 26, 1838.    J
Mi Adams As the representative of the inte-
rests and wishes of the pec pie of the whole United
States, and defending in theory so ably, and in
practice so fully, the hallowed right of petition from
jour countrymen, we whose names are hereunto
subsenbed, respectfully ask you to present the fol-
lowing humble and needful petition to the Congress
of the United States for immediate action-
To the Congress of the United States ofjtmerica-
Whereas, for a long time we have seen with
deepiegret the course pursued by our d'stmgmshed
fellow cili7en, the Fion John Gtuincy Adams of
Massachusetts, upon the deeply interesting question
of the abolition of slivery n the Distnet of Co-
lumbia, and acknowledging as we do the righls of
petition, and the duty of Congress to attend to all
petitions coming from the freemen of the United
States, and as it is clearly and fully conceded by
all that yon have the constitutional power to keep
order in your body, and to preserve harmony in
the country, by all pioper means, we reppct-
fnlly and humbly pray that, as the aforesaid
Jonv G.UINCY AmMs has puisued and is pursu-
lti"- i course upon the afores nd subject, m our
op-mons morally and politically wiong, and cal-
cul ikd, ceilainly, lo st r i p the deadliest strife be-
t\ ten ihe North and South, and final'y to mvale
our beloved lonn'ry in the honors of a civil war,
and lo lr.id .o > dissolution of the Union, you do
arr i „ i lni'i at the Inr of the House, ai d formally
and forever expel him from jour most honoiable
body, if suill lent evident e appear lo justify jour
ad( pimg suci i measure Your pet tioners deem
it unnecessaiv to hy before Congress any labored
aigument in favor of this importan! measure, and
will (ontent themselves simply by stating that no
let lings, but motives of patriotism, arid a deep de-
sire to silence the discussion of this most absorbing
and dangerous question, here induce them to ap-
peal to j on, in thtir popular right, to exercisp this
constitutional power, clearly vested m you by the
very instrument itself.
They humbly and most earnestly pray that this
then petition w II be attended to by your very ho-
norable body , and, with great reverence and re-
spect, sign themselves your most obedifiit servants.
Mi STUART of Virginia, said that the memo-
rial appeared t> have come from his own district,
but 1 e had nevtr heard any thing of it, he wished
to hear tin names of the signéis
[They were lead bv the Cleik ]
Mr. Siuaiu then said that he was satisfied the
n-nnes were all flcMuus, and moved that the ieso-
lution be laid on the tabic, which was agreed to,
and the resolution was laid on the table accordingly.
NEW HAMPSHIRE
On motion of Mi CUSHMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaiy
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-
creasing the daily pay of juijmen who shall be
summoned to a'terd the Judtcirl Couits of the Uni-
ted States
On mot on o  \Jj   V'LLIAMS,
n*solv<d, rhit i íe Com , i tee on the Post 0"ice
aid P st Rnds S-nstru^t-J to inquire into the e\-
p d  ncy oi i UV 1 s'i ng a ma I uute from Ma U-
so >, in the Territory of Wisconsin, Jo Dijon's Fei-
ry, in the State of Illinois, running on the east side
oí Rock river
MAINE.
On motion of Mr FAIRFIELD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
