214
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Landing, Hamilton county, Tennessee, thence to
Jacksonville, Mississippi- referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Also, the
petition of 64 citizens of Meigs county, Tennessee,
praying for the establishment of a stage route from
Kingston, Roan county, Tennessee, by Decatur, to
Rosses Landing, thence to Tuscaloosa, Alabama,
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Also, the petition of 32 citizens of
Meigs and Hamilton counties, praying for the esta-
blishment of a stage route from Kingston, Roan
county, Tennessee, by Decatur, to Rosses Landing,
on the Tennessee river, thence to Tuscaloosa, Ah-
bama referred to the Committee on the Po^-t Of-
fice and Post Roads Also, the petition of Wm
Brown, assignee of John Duiggins, claiming com-
pensation for lands purchased Irom the Tennessee
Land Company: íeferred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims ]
KENTUCKY
Messrs. HARLAN, UNDERWOOD, and WIL-
LIAMS.
[Mr Hari am presented the following petitions:
1. of the trustees of the Centre College of Ken-
tucky, praying for a donation in land: referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands. 2. 01 An-
drew Tadlock, for compensation for property lost
in the late war: refetred to the Committee on
Claims. 3. Of Mary O'Bannon, for compensation
for the services of her husband in the Revolution-
ary war: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims. 4. The papers in the case of
Lewis Webb, claiming compensation for Revolu-
tionaiy services : referred to the Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims ]
GEORGIA.
Messrs. DAWSON, CLEAVELAND, and
GRANTLAND.
[Mr. Cleaveland presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Elbert county, praying the establish-
ment of a mail íoute from Elbeiton to Cirnesville,
and also a route from Rock Mills, in South Caio-
luia, to Damelsville, Georgia Also, the petition
of Giles S. Boggess, of Georgia, praying reimburse-
ment for losses sustained by carrying the Express
Mail from Milledgeville, Georgia, to Montgomery,
Alabama.
SOUTH CAROLINA.
Messrs. LEGARE and GRIFFIN.
NORTH CAROLINA
Messrs. HAWKINS, MONTGOMERY, REN-
CHER, and McKAY.
VIRGINIA.
Messrs JONES, ROBERTSON,CRAIG, MOR-
GAN, BEIRNE, JOHNSON, STEWART,
COLES, MALLORY, TALIAFERRO, GAR-
LAND, and MERCER.
At this stage, on motion of Mr. HOWARD, the
amendments of the Senate to the House bill m re-
lation to the Northern frontier, were committed to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, March 5, 1838
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of Jonathan
Thompson, late collector of the customs at New
York, praying the restoration of his official bonds,
for reasons set forth m the petition, referred to the
Committee on Finance
Mr TIPTON presented the petition of «;undiy
inhabitants of Indiana, ptayma; that the lands
through which the Waba;h and Erie Canal passes
may be exposed to sale referred to the Committee
on Public Land .
Mr. CLAY presented the petition of E. C. Wat-
son of New York, calling the attention of Congress,
in respectful and feeling language, as Mr. C. sail,
to the distressed condition of the country, and pro-
posing the establishment of a great national coi po-
ration, to be called the United States Internal Im-
provement and Manufacturing Loan Office, with a
capital of one hundred millions of dollars, to issue
bank notes of from five dollars to one thousand
dollars, and to have the custody of the public mo-
ney: referred to the Committee on Finance, and
printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented  the petition of
Captain Button Evans, of the Philadelphia volun-
teers, now in Florida, pray mg reimbursement for
his propei ty. which was lost in consequence of the
wr xk oí the vessel m which he took passage: re-
feired to the Committee on Claims
Mr. LYON presented the petition of sundry citi-
zens of Jackson, Lenawee and Calhoun counties,
in the Stale of Michigan, praying Congress to esta-
blish a mail íoute on a new State road, laid out
fifty-nine miles in length, from Tecumseh, in
Lenawee county, to Maishall, m Calhoun county,
thiough the village  of Brooklyn, Jefferson, Spring
Aiboi, Acker's Mills, Concord, Albion, and Berne,
in that Suite lefeired to the Committee on the Post
Olliee and Post Roads.
Mr WRIGHT presented the petition of Wil-
liam Wells, and a large number of citizens of Buf-
falo and its vicinity, praying for the passage of a
law to pay Mi. Wells for the steamboat Caroline,
which was destroyed by the British: referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mi. WRIGHT also presented the petition of
Benjamin Govei, praying loi a pension, as a sol-
dier of the Revolution, refeired to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mi. WEBSTER pi esented the memoual of Wil-
liam E Das ton, and other citizens of New York,
lemonstraling against the Independent Tieasury
bill, an! piaimg ioi the establishment of a national
bank- leterred to the Committee on Finance.
Mi CLAY ol Kentucky presented a petition
from the uti/eiis of Hampshire county, in Virgi-
nia, which he read. This petition states that the
course pursued by the Post Office Department in
exacting specie, is seeking to coerce the people to
do what is physically impossible, and that, unless a
change is eflected m the Post Office regulations,
they will speedily be deprived of all benefit fiom
the United Slates mail, shut out from correspon-
dence with their fnends and the information the
newspapers afford Ii states, also, that Stockton
and Stokes, while they arc exacting specie on their
contracts fiom the country postmasters, are deluding
the county with shin-plastei s, redeemable only in
current bank notes or stage fare.
Mr. C moved to i "fer it to the Committee on the
Post Oflice and Post Roads.
Mr. GRUNDY said, as it lelated to specie, he
thought it would be better to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr CLAY said he did not care to what com-
mittee it went. 01 one thing he was satisfied, the
result would be the same let it go where it might m
that body. He thought, however, the use oí the
term shin-plasters might have secured it a favora-
ble leception from certain quarters. He expressed
himself satisfied with any reftrence which they
might please to give it.
Mr. YOUNG presented the proceedings of the
Board of Public Works of the State of Illinois, on
the subject of the progress of internal improvement
in that State referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, and ordered to be printed
Mi R0BB1NS presented the memorial of sundry
cili/ensof Rhn'e Island, remonstrating against the
pisvis;e of the Independent Treasury bill: referred
to tne Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been refeired the act of the Legisla-
ture of the Temloiy ol Wisconsin to incorporate
the State Bank of Wisconsin and Prairie du Chicn,
made an unfavorable report thereon, accompanied
by a joint leso'ution disapproving and disaffirming
the same.
NEUTRAL RELATIONS
Mr BUCHANAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to which had been referred the
bill f>om the House of Representatives " to amend
an act ent tied ' an act m addition to the act for the
punishment of certa.n crimes against the United
States,' and to repeal the acts therein mentioned,"
approved twentieth of April, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, íeported the same with amendments,
which were read
Mr. Bi Chan *n said that it was certainly a mat-
ter of some impoitance that this bill should be acted
on speedily; and as the amendments which the
Committee on Foreign Relations had proposed were
very short, and very simple, he was ready at any
time to give an explanation of them. If any Sena-
tor, however, was desirous of having the action of
the Senate on this subject postponed until the
amendments could be printed, he would not object;
but if no postponement was desired, he would ask
that the bill and amendments be now considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
The bill and amendments were then taken up,
and the first amendment was read as follows:
Strike out from the eighth and ninth lines of the
fust section the words, "other means oi materials,"
and insert instead thereof the words, "any arms or
munitions of war," and, in the same section, after
the word "enterprise," in the tenth Une, insert the
following words, to wit: ''against the territory or
dominions of any foreign prince or state, or of any
colony, district, or people, conterminous with the
United S'ates, and with whom they are at peace "
Mr BUCHANAN observed that the first section
of this bill as it came from the House was entirely
new, and had not been a subject oí consideration
by the Senate, when this question was before it,
some five or six weeks ago. It would be observed
that it introduced new provisions into our neu-
tality laws, the extent of which could not well be
foreseen. It was not confined to the particular
exigency which had called foi the passage of this
act, but was co-extensive with the whole world,
and might opeiate veiy injuriously against the
commerce of the United States.
He would endeavor to present as clearly as he
could to the Senate, the nature of this provision.
Under the Cth section of the Neutrality Act of
April 20, 1818, any person who shall, within the
territory of the UnitedStates, "begin oriet on foot, oi
provide or prepaie the means for any military expe-
dition or enterprise," against a friendly power, was
punishable by a fine not exceeding $3,000, and
imprisonment not exceeding three years. The 8th
section of the same act conferred upon the Presi-
dent the power of employing the army, the navy,
and the militia of the United States, to prevent
" the cairying on of any such expedition or enter-
prise," fiom our territory, against any power with
which we should be at peace. The Senate will ob-
serve that this power of prevention was not to be
exerted until the expedition had been prepared, and
was ready to leave the United States for the pul-
póse of accomplishing the object of its destination.
Although it was rendered criminal for any per-
son "to provide or prepare the means" for such an
enterprise, and after a regular trial and conviction,
the ofiender was liable to seveie punishment,
yet the framers of the act of 1818, which was ad-
mirably drawn, did not deem it necessary to au-
thorize the President to direct a seizure, m the first
instance, of eveiy article of eveiy description
which might be intended to be used as 'H.ie
means" ioi conducting such an expedition. The
Committee on Foieign Relations wele of opinion
that it might be veiy inconvenient to our citizens
to entrust executive officers with such a broad and
sweeping authority. Henee, m the bid which had
passed the Senate, there was no authority confeired
upon these officers to seize any articles except arms
and munitions of war, and vessels or vehicles fitted
out with apparent hostile intentions against a
friendly conterminous power, and which were about
to be sent, or to pass aeioss the interior frontier of
the United States.
In the first section of the House bill, now before
the Senate, none of these limitations were to be
found, either in regard to the articles which might
be seized, or the foreign countries to which they
might be destined. Every collectoi, naval officer,
surveyor, or inspector of the customs m all the ports
of the United States, every marshal or deputy mar-
shal, and every other person whom the President
might empower for the purpose, was authorized
and required to seize and detain, not merely arms
and mun.tions of war, but any other "means or
materials" provided for such an expedition, no
matter whether it was destined for Europe, Asia
Africa, or America. The authority was given in
the most broad and general terms. Provisions of
all kinds, clothing, and every other aiucl" which
might minister to the wants and corr.foits of such a
military expedition as the bill contemplated, were
thus made the subjects of sei?rrre.    How easily
