CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               fcfci
ment; and each depositary shall make returns to 1
the Treasury Department of all money receivad
and paid by him, at such times, and in such form,
as shall be directed by the Secretary of the Trea-
sury.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That whenever
public money shall accumulate in the hands of any
depositary constituted by this act, other than the
Treasurer of the United States, the Treasurer of the
Mint of the United States, "the Treasurer 'of the
Branch Mint at New Orleans, and the public re-
ceivers, to an amount beyond that secured by the
bond of the officer, or which the Secretary of the
Treasury shall, for any cause, consider unsafe, and
it shall not be desirable to transfer the money so
accumulated to any other depositary, it shall be
lawful for the said Secretary to direct the said mo-
ney, or any portion thereof, to be specially depo-,
sited in such bank of the State, or Territory,
wherein the depositary who is to make the depo-
site is located, as he, the said Secretary, shall se-
lect: Provided, The bank so selected will agree to
receive and keep the money deposited with it upon
the terms and conditions prescribed in the next
section of this act.
Sec. 14. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the spe-
cial deposites of the public money authorized by the
last preceding section of this act to be made in
banks, .shall be made upon the following terms and
conditions:
First. All such deposites shall be strictly special
deposites; and the banks holding them shall be pro-
hibited, in the most effectual manner, from making
any use of the moneys deposited, by way of loans,
discounts, or in any other manner, or for any other
purpose whatsoever; and to secure the fulfilment
of this condition, the Secretary of the Treasury is
authorized, in his discretion, to furnish the banks
selected as deposite banks with safes for the keep-
ing of the public moneys exclusively, and under the
joint control of the bank and some officer of the Go-
vernment to whom this duty may be assigned by
the Secretary of the Treasury, or to adopt such
other guards as he shall prefer.
Second. Nothing but gold or silver, or such Trea-
sury notes, or other evidences of debt, issued under
the authority of the United States, as may be di-
rected by law to be received in payment of the
public dues, shall be offered for deposite, or receiv-
ed by the bank as a deposite, under the provisions
of this act.
Third. All deposites shall be passed, upon the
books of the bank, to the credit of the depositary
making the same; but no money deposited in pur-
suance of this act shall be withdrawn without the
express order of the Secretary of the Treasury; and
no drafts of the Treasurer of the United States, or
"orders or warrants of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury for ordinary transfer or disbursement, shall
be made upon any bank selected as a deposite bank
Knder this act.
Fourth. A commission, such as shall be agreed
upon between the Secretary of the Treasury and
the bank, not in any case to exceed one-eighth of
one per centum upon the money deposited with it,
shall be allowed and paid by the United States, in
full satisfaction of all claims on the part of the
bank for trouble and risk growing out of the re-
ceipt, safe keeping, and return of the special depo-
sites herein authorized lobe made, and all accounts
for commissions shall be audited and paid at the
Treasury of the United States.
Sec. 15. JJnd be it further enacted, That, in case
no bank within the State or Territory wherein the
depositary, directed to make deposites, is located,
will consent to receive the moneys of the Govern-
ment upon special deposite, according to the fore-
going conditions and regulations, then it shall be
lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to transfer
the same to the office of the Treasurer of the United
States, to the Mint, or Branch Mints, or to the of-
fices of either of the public receivers, as shall be
most convenient to the depositary, or for the dis-
bursement of the public money.
Sbc. 16. Jind be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretary of the Treasury shall be, and he is hereby,
authorized to cause examinations to be made of
the books, accounts, and money on hand, of each
of the depositaries constituted by this act; and to
direct the district attorney or marshal residing
within the district to make said examinations; and
in all cases where the sum on hand usually ex-
ceeds three-fourths of the amount of the officer's
bond, said examinations shall not be made less fre-
quently than once in each year,,and as much more
frequently, in those and all other cases, as the Se-
cretary or either House of Congress shall direct.
The agents directed to make these examinationsshaU
be instructed toexamineas well the books, accounts,
and returns of the officer, as the money on hand,
and the manner of its being kept, to the end that
uniformity and accuracy in the accounts, as well
as safety of the public money, may be secured
thereby.
Seo. 17. kindle it farther enacted, That, in ad-
dition to the examinaiions provided for in the last
preceding section, and as a further guard over the
public moneys, it shall be the duty of each collec-
tor, naval officer, and surveyor, as a check upon
the public receiver at Boston, New York, and
Charleston of their respective districts; of each
naval officer and surveyor as a check upon the
collectors of the customs, of their respective dis-
tricts where he is entrusted with the public money;
of each register of a land office, as a check upon
the receiver of his land office or the public receiver;
and of the. director and superintendent of each
mint and branch mint when separate offices, as a
check upon the treasurers, respectively, of the
said mints, or the person's acting as such, at the
close of each quarter of the year, and as much
more frequently as they shall be directed by the Se-
cretary of the Treasury to do so, to examine the
books, accounts, returns, and money on h?nd, of
the public receivers, collectors, receivers of land of-
fices, treasurers, and persons acting as such, and
to make a full, accurate, and faithful return to
the Treasury Department of their condition.
Sec. 18. Jlnd 'be it further enacted, That the Se-
cretary of the Treasury shall, as soon as the con-
venience of the public business, and the safety of
the public funds will permit, withdraw the ba-
lances remaining With the present depositaries of
the public money, and confine the safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the same to the de-
positaries established by this act.
Sec. 19. And be it farther enacted, That all offi-
cers charged by this act with the safe keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public money,
are hereby required to keep an accurate entry of
each sum received, and of the kind of money in
which it is received, and of each payment or trans-
fer, and of the kind of currency in which it is made;
and that if any one of the said officers shall con-
vert to his own use, in any way whatever, oi shail
use by way of investment in any kind of property
or merchandise, or shall loan, with or without in-
terest, any portion of the public money intrusted to
him for sale keeping, disbursement, transfer, or for
any other purpose, every such act shall be deemed
and adjudged to be an embezzlement of so much of
the said money as shall be thus taken, converled,
invested, used, or loaned, which is hereby declared
to be a felony, and any officer or person convicted
thereof, betore any court of the "United States of
competent jurisdiction, shall be sentenced to impri-
sonment lor a term of not less than two nor more
than live years, and to afine equal to the amount of
the money embezzled.
Sec. 20. Jindbe it farther enacted, Thar from and
after the thirty-first day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight, the
resolution of Congress of the thirtieth duy of April,
in the year one thousand eight hundred and six-
teen, so far as it authorizes the receipt of the notes
of specie-paying banks in payment of duties, taxes,
sales of public lands, debts, and sums of money,
accruing or becoming payable to the United State?,
shall be so modified as that one-sixth part of all
such duties, ta.\es, sales of public lands, debts, and
sums oí money aecimng or hecom'a™ due to the
United States, shall be collected in the lesa! eui-
rency of the United States; and from and after the
thirty-first day of December, in each of the years
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-nir.e, one
thousand pight hundred and forty, one thousand
eight hundred ar.ri forty-one, one thousand erght
hundred and forty-two, and one thousand eight
hundred and forty-three, respectively, an additional
sixth part oí all such duties, taxes, sales of public
lands, debts, and sums of money, shall be so col-
lected; and that from and after the thirty-first day of
December, in the year one thousand eight hundred
and forty-three, all sums accruing, or becoming
payable to the United States, for duties, taxes, sales
of public lands, or other debts, and also all sums
due for postages, or otherwise, to the General Post
Office Department, shall be paid in gold and silver
only, or in Treasury notes, or other evidences of
debt, issued under the authority of the United
States, as may be directed to be received by law in
payment of the public dues.
Sec. 21. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, from
and after the thirty-first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and forty-three,
every officer or agent engaged in making disburse-
ments on account <sf the United States, or of ths
General Post Office, shall make all payments in
gold and silver coin only, or in Treasury notes,
or other evidences of debt, issued under the autho-
rity of the United States, as may be directed to be
received by law; and any receiving or disbursing
officer, or agent, who shall neglect, evade, or vio-
late, the provisions of this and the last preceding
section of this apt, shall be dismissed the service,
and shall forfeit all compensation then due to him.
Sec 22. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue and publish regulations to enforce the speedy
presentation of all Government drafts for payment
at the place where payable, and to prescribe the
time, according to the different distances of the de-
positaries from the seat of Government, within,
which all drafts upon them, respectively, shall be
presented for payment; and, in default of such pre-
sentation, to direct any other mode, and place of
payment which he may deem proper.
Sec. 23. And be it farther enacted, That the ;mb-
ho íeccivcrs directed by this act to be appointed,
shall receive, respectively, the following salaries,
per annum, to be paid quarter yearly, at the Trea-
sury of the United States, to wit: the public receiver
at New York shall bepaid asalary of four thousand
dollars per annum; the public receiver at Eoston
shall be paid a salary of three thousand dollars
per annum; the public receiver at Charleston shall
be paid a salary of three thousand dollars per an-
num, and the public receiver at St. Louis shall
be paid a salary of two thousand five hundred dol-
lars per annum; and neither of said officers shall
be permitted to charge any person having business
with his office, or receive from him any commis-
sion, pay, or perquisite, for any official service, of
any character or description whatsoever; such
charge or receipt being hereby declared to be a
misdemeanor, for which the officer convicted there-
of, before any court of the United States of compe-
tent jurisdiction, shall be subject to punishment by
fine, or imprisonment, or both, at the discretion of
the court before which the offence shall be tried.
Sec. 24. Jlnd be it further enacted, That until
the offices, vaults, and safes are constructed in the
Treasury buddirg at Washington, and in the cus-
tom-houses at isoston and New York, for the safe-
keep.ng of the public archives and the public mo-
ney, which buildings are now in the progress of con-
struction, the Secretary of tha Treasury is hereby
authorized to contract with any bank, corporation,
or individual, for the use of a vault and safe for
the safe-keeping of the public money at each of
the places aforesaid: Provided, That secure arrange-
ments cannot be made in the office of the Treasurer
and in the custom-houses at Boston and New
York for the safe-keeping of the public money.
Sec. 25. Jlnd be if farther enacted, That the Se-
cretaiy of the Treasury is hereby authorized to
piovide at every custom-house and land office
where they may be required, and are are not ai-
rea ly provided with them, sufficient and secure
sails or fire-proof vaults and safes as he may deem
expedient, for the preservation of the p blic
archives and the safe-keeping of the public money,
and that the sum of ten thousand dollars be, and
the same is hereby appropriated out of any unap-
propriated money in the Treasury, to defray any
expenses in constructing or procuring the same
Sec. gfi. Anile, U further enacted, That as assis-
%
