%Q$
tants m discharging the dune  of the seven special
depositaries established by thi«¡ act, the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized to appoint two
clerks for the office oi the Treasurer at Washing-
ton, two for the office of the Public Receiver at
New York, and one for each of the depositaries at
Boston, Philadelphia, Charleston, New Orleans,
and St Louis, at salaries not exceeding two thou
sand dollars per annum, payable quarterly.
Src 27 And be ü fui ther enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts, which come m conflict with the
provisions of this act be, and the same aie heteby
íepealed
Mr SERGEANT said he deemed it proper to
slate that, on agreeing to this leport, there was a
division in the Committee oí Ways and Means, and
Ihe minority would probably present their views, m
a counter report, but this had been icadso lecentlj.,
that theie had not been suflicient time as vet to
prepare a response to it It was, howevei, under-
stood that the minority would make a counter re-
port, and bring it m as soon as possibk
Mr. SERGEANT íepoiieda bill fot the reí  f
of Robinson and Co in behall oí the Newcastle
and FrencMown Turnpike Company
Mr. HAYNES made an unfavorable repirt in
the petition of Joseph W Page
Mi RENOHER iq oitul a bill foi the relief of
John P Ro_ is
Mr McICIM. mu l ,n unfuv enable lepoiton the
petition ot  \sa Armm^ton
Mr. ATHERTON h polled a proposed amend-
ment to the bill foi the adjustment ol the accounts
of certain public oiheers, winch was committed lo
the -.ame Committee of the Whole which had
charge of the bill
Mr POPE reported Senate bill making appro-
priate is lo c nplele tcrtam militaiy inids m tie
State of Atkansas, wiln a recommendation that it
do not pass.
COMMFRCI
Mr. PHILLIPS reporttd Sena'e bill, without
amendment, for the relief oí the owners of the brig
Despatch and cargo
PDBI1C  LANDS
Mr. BOON reponed a bill to grant additional
compensation to the assistant suivej01 s ol public
lands in the Slate ot Michigan
Mr HARRI&ON reported a bill foi the ícliel of
Enoch Watson.
Mr. CHAPMAN reponed a bill lo auihori7e the
sale of the public lands in. halt of quaiter ami
quarter sections
Mr. YELL reported a bill gianlmg the right of
pie-emption to the commusimieis of Paulding
countv, m Ohio, for a site foi the public buildings
oí said county.
Also, a bill for the relief of James L. Corkeran, of
Arkansas
Mr Y moved that the Committee on the Public
Lands be discharged from the wither considera!ion
of the petitions of .Tames S Stokes and Henry Sto-
tn, and the same were icferred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims
PIS! OiriCf    1M3 POST   R04DS
Mr  MONTGOMERY leported Sunt  bi'l fot
the íelief of the steamboat company oí Nantucket,
with a recommend Uion that it do not pass
district op columpia
Mi JENIFER repotted a bill providing for a
free bridge acioss .he Eastern Blanch oí the Poto-
mac nvcr, in the city of Washington
Mi J also made a leport on the icport of the
corporation of Alexandria, on des.roying the due
bills of that coi potation, which was laid on the
table
Mr J also teported an amendment to the rti'ei
«iving the Distnt t Attorney ui the Distnct of Co
üimbiaaeuss O the pnvi'eged s~ats ol the H?ll
ol the II Hise, and moied that it be consideicd
now, but a was olj ctcd to, and the motion lies
ovei.
REVOLUTIONARY CI UMS
Mr. UNDERWOOD reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Dr Absalom Baird,
deceased.                                                      , c
Mr CRAIG reported, without amendment, ¡se-
nate bill tor the relief of the heirs of Nathan Peten
and William Adam, deceased.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
FOREIGN AFFAIRS.
Mr DROMGOOLE reponed a bill foi the relief
of the legal representatives of Aaron Vail, de-
ceased, late Consul at L'Onent.
Mr. CÜSHING reported a bill for the relief of
John. A. Smith.
Also, a bill for the rehsf of the legal representa-
tives of Charles S. Walsh.
Mr. HOFFMAN reponed Senate bill, without
amendment, foi the íehef of the owners of the ship
Alleghany, and then legal i epresentatives.
NEUTRALITY BILL.
Mr. HOWARD reported the bill, as amended by
the Senate, in relation to the laws ot neutt.tlity,
with a recommendation that all the amendments be
concuired in, except the third, which they lecom-
mended be disagieed to.
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the amendment
limiting Ihe operation oí the bill to " two" yeais,
by substituting "¡our," which, aftei afewremaiks
fiom Mi. A andMessis. MASON of Ohio, HOW-
ARD, and T1LLINGHAST, was disagreed to.
Mi. MASON or Ohio then moved toslnkeoutthe
woid  " and no longer," andinseit the vunds" and
until the end of the then next .session of Congress,"
which amendment wasdisagieed to
The amendment of the Sen Ue was then agreed lo
The thud and list amendment «as then talan
up, the object ol which was to pu vuu the tin le of
aims by land between this and (onleiininonsi outl-
ine , ami, atlei a few wolds by Messis PA'ITON
and CUSDING.the amendment was disagreed to.
ORDCRS OF THE DAY
Several bills (rom the Senate weie lead a first
and second time, and reieircd to appropnate com-
mittees.
The bill giving the assent of Congress, to an
ampndatoiy act ol the Gem ral Assembly ol the
Stale of Virginia, incoiporatmg the Falmouth and
Alexandria Riihoad Company, was icad the thud
time and passed
The SPEAKER laid bcfoie tl e Hon e the folloiv-
m 'commutiiLitions
1. Fiom the Stoict.iry of the Navy a npott ol
the estimates ol the cost oí ihe pui| used im¡>iove-
mentsof the navy jard it PensaeoU, and a'so oí
the expense of coiistiucitng the marine kmaiks at
I'ensacola
On motion of Mi INGHAM, refund to the
Committee on Naval Atlairs
2 From the Secretary ol War, a lepotl in i ela-
tion to the defences ol the Ailantic seaboaid, on
the North and Eastern iionut rot the United States
On motion of Mr BRONfaON nkrndtotlit
Committee on Military A fairs
(«LMJIAI   A1>PR01KIA1IOV   1111 I
On motion ol CAMBRCLLNG, the House ic-
solved itself into Committee <>l the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mi Casi y in the Chan, and re-
sumed the consideration ol the "lull making ap-
propriations foi i he civil and diplómala, expenses
of Government, foi they tar 183b "
Tae several clause? having been gone through,
and some additional ilems agieed to, on motion ol
Mr CAMBRLLLNG,
Mr C move! in additional i lause of <U, 691,0(10
lor ihe stivici ol the IVt Ollice Department lot
the jcai J 838
Mi BELL objected to this amendment, em the
eround of lis m t Lemg su'lu ently ••pcciiie. He-
contended that tip appiopintions I i tlusDepul-
menl eught to be as specific as appropriations lot
any oí the other Departments.
Mr ADAMS concurred wi'h the gentleman fiom
Tennessee He wd¡> surprised to sec  uch an
amendment as this introduced to an appiopnation
bill You might as well make an appiopnation
of $4,694,000 tor the expenses of the Post Ouioe
Department, as to introduce such spec fie i'ion as
those contained in the amendment oi ihe chairin.in
of the Committee of Ways an! Mear s You
might as well m"l c Ji s \ hole bill consist of but
two lines, making an appiopnation ol twenty cr
thirty millions of dollars ior the public service, as
to introduce such an amendment as this.
Mr CAMBRELENG said that the opinions ex-
pressed by the gentlemen from Massachusetts and
Tennessee were precisely the opinions of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and if the gentleman
from Massachusetts had had his accustomed memo-
ry on this occasion, he would have recollected thaf
this very appropriation, in its present form, was
voted for at the last session by himself. The Post
Office Department had remained unregulated for
fotty years by Congress, and it was not until last
year that it was required that the moneys arising
from postages had been placed in the Treasury,
and in consequence of this it became necessary that
this appropriation should be made, so that the Post-
master General shall be enabled to carry on the
business of that office. Mr. C. concluded by mov-
ing an amendment to the amendment of the com-
mittee making the appropriation specific.
Mr. CONNOR replied to the remarks ©f the
gentleman from Massachusetts, showing the great
difficulty of making specifications with regard to
the appropriations for the service of the department,
like tho^e of the other departments of the Govern-
ment, going into particulars to illustrate his views
Mr. ADAMS briefly replied to the gentleman
fiom New York, (Mr Cambreleng,) expressing
himself as satisfied with the amendment last offered
by the gentleman for the present, but he hoped, that
hineafter this appiopnation might be made still
moie specific.
Mr GARLAND of Louisiana was happy that
the lematks of the gentleman from Tennessee, and
the gentleman fiom Massachusetts, had drawn the
amendment pending fiom the chairman of the
Committee ol Ways and Means. He thought if
there was any approp íation -which should be spe-
cific, this appiopnation ought to be, because, in his
opinion, the Postmaster Geneial had too extensive
poweis vested in him. Mr. G. addressed the
House at some length, referring lo the course of
that dcpai traent m a variety of cases.
Mi MONTGOMERY stated that the estimates
foi this blanch oí the public service had been
made as pecific as it was possible to make them,
(onsuleimg the naluie of that service, where
ch niges ueio constantly taking place in the mode
of carrv in;' the in til, in putting on new routes, &c.
Mi M then enumerated the items asfollovvs
Transpoitation of Ihe mails     -           - $>3,400,000
Compensation of postmasters -           -      935,000
Ship, steamboat, and way letters         -        31,000
Wiapping paper ... 520,000
Ofhce iurmture           -           -           -          6,000
Ad vet Using .... 25,000
Mail bags .... 40,000
Blanks            -           -           -           - <     36,000
Mail locks and keys and stamps         -          9,000
Ma I depredalions and special agents - 12,000
Cleiks lor offices        -           -           -       140,006
Miscellaneous             ...        40,000
$4,694,000
In refeience to the piesenthead of that Depart-
mi nt, Mi M said it would be impossible to hnd
iny man, of any party, who could conduct the
affairs of that laborious and important office with
mote diligence, fidelity, oi ability, than did the
present Postmaster General.
Mr. McKAY leferred to the Postmaster Gene-
ral's report, showing that theiein eveiy item of
estimate was specifically set forth
Mr REED complained of the large amount
paid lo newspapers for advertising, and of the
ommp iltnce of ihe Postmaster General in adver-
tising m what papeu he thinks fit, and of paying
therelot what he pleases Some country papers, he
said, received as much for advertising, as half the
value of the papers themselves. He wished this
matter resulated, and to have some report on the
ubjpcl, and he asked the chairman of the Post
Ofhce commiltce lor information on th<">p topics.
Mi MONTGOMERY piesumed the gentleman
eoul 1 get all the information he desired by a call
< n the department
Mr REED said he had made repeated calls,
publicly and privately, without effect.
Mr. MONTGOMERY replied, that a lesponse
to the gentleman's call would have been made
earlier, but for the illness of the Postmaster Gene-
ral, and that a general answer would be given to
all the calls upon him, as soon as practicable, m-
