CONGRESSIONAL GlOBB.
229
decide what banks are sound and substantial, and
what irredeemable paper shall be received by the
Government. His discretion m this respect was
illimitable. Such a discretion would be a more
prolific source of Executive influence, undei the
existing circumstances of the country, than any
Other which could be devised. The power to dis-
tinguish between these banks, and to decide which
of them were solvent and which were not, would
place them all under the control of the Secretary of
the Treasury. The truth was, that if you attempted
to distinguish between them, and to give the ciedit
of the Government to some whilst you denied it to
others, when all were equally insolvent, so far as
regarded the redemption of their notes in specie,
you would cast yourselves loose upon an ocean
of doubt, difficulty, and confusion. It would be
found utterly impracticable.
But, to proceed fuither. What was, in substance,
the proposition of the Senator from South Carolina,
and what would be its inevitable effect It was to
establish this precedent, that it the banks, by over-
trading, should place themselves m a condition in
which they are unable to redeem their liabilities,
and thus forfeit the public confidence, that then
you are to interpose, and by receiving and paying
out their notes, you are to give the countenance of
the Government to a depreciated and irredeemable
currency. Let ingenuity e<cert itself upon this
question as it may, still this was the practical re-
sult. By the precedent which you establish, you
tell the banks that m time to come, they may ex-
pand their business to any amount they may think
proper, without fear of consequences You in ef-
fect say to tnem, go en, do not limit your business
by your means ol payment, and when the explosion
comes, as come it must, the Government will ease
you off on a bed of down, and w ill receive your
notes as gold and silvei, until you are able to re-
deem them yourselves Would not this be the ef-
fect of the Senator's amendment1
Mr. B said he v ould here proclaim that he was
now, ami had ever been, the friend of a sound and
well-iegulated banking sjstem, and no act or decla-
ration of Ins life would show the conirary, but it
was asking too much fiona his friendship to requiie
him to receive their notes in pajment of the dues of
the Government, after they had been compelled,
mamly in consequence of iheir own extravagance,
to suspend specie payments For one, he could
hold out to them no such inducement to resume
He believed it would be the m< st effectual mode of
retarding, if not forever preventing, this resumption
of payments m gold and silver, which was so much
to be desired
Mr B said that much had been said about the
suspension of specie pijments by the banks dur-
ing the late war, and many parallels had been
drawn between that suspension and the one under
which the countrj was now suffering. He would
ask what had been the cause of the former suspen-
sion? Was it not the patriotism of the banks at
that time, and their devotion to the cause of their
country? The banks south of New England, (and
specie-payments were not suspended there) in or-
der to accommodate the Government, had taken
its loans when they were depreciated ten, fifteen,
and twenty per cent in the mai ket, and had given
in exchange their own notes. What was the con-
sequence? Their specie was diawn from then,
and they wf re left without the means ol redeeming
those enormous is ues, by means of «hich the war
was conducted. The Government, knowing that
this suspension had been occasioned in the manner
he indicated, had winked at the receipt of then
notes m payment of the public dues, and the con-
sequence was, it had on hand, he did not recollect
how many millions of their irredsemable paper, of
which we had so often heard, under the n'me of
unavailable funds. But Congress had never sanc-
tioned by any law the receipt of *uch paper.
He would ask if any such cause existed at the
date of the present suspension of specie payments.
The country h- d been for } ears m the full tide of
prosperity We had long been at peace *ulh all
foreign nations; our agriculture, commerce, and
manufactures were in a most flourishing condi-
tion, when in a moment, like a clap of thunder
from a cloudless *ky, tlje banks exploded, and the
commerce and trada of the country were prostrated.
It is true that a few sagacious men, observing the
vast expansion of bank credits and other causes
which were m operation, had foreseen this result;
but it was «holly unexpected by the mass of the
people. Under these circumstances, Congress
were now asked by the Senator from South Caro-
lina to place the notes of these banks on the same
foootmg with gold and silver, in payment of the
dues of the Government.
The Senator, from Kentucky [Mr. CiAY]had
asked, what was the difference between the recep-
tion by the Government of Treasury notes aud of
irredeemable bank paper? and had contended that
they ought both toshare the same late. Mr B would
endeavor to point out the distinction. You found
yourselves, said he, under the necessity oí making
a loan to carry on the ordinary operations of the
Government. This necessity had been forced upon
you solely by the inability and refusal of the banks
to pay over the money which you had placed with
them on deposite. You made this loan by the
issue of Treasury notes, which, on their lace, are
not payable until one jear after date. The faith
of the United States was pledged for their redemp-
tion at the end of this penod. The Treasury note
was the bond of the Government, given to the hold-
er of it, contracting that, when the year expires, he
shall be paidm gold and silver. Could any gentle-
man doubt the security?
On the other hand, what was the nature of bank
notes. These notes were payable on demand; and
at every instant they remained unpaid m conse-
quence of the existing suspension, the banks were
defaulters If, said Mr. B. I were to give you my
bond, payable at the end of one year, I could not
be called upon to discharge it before the expiration
of that period, and hence am no defaulter, but if
you hold my note, payable on demand, and I eiihei
do not redeem it on demand, or proclaim myself
insolvent, and declare that I will not pay it if de-
manded, all mankind wou'd justly say I was a de-
faulter Such n the distinction between Trepsury
notes and bank notes. The one is a floating d bt,
not yet due, contracted for the purpose of carrj mg
on the operations of the Government, and assum-
ing the form of Treasury notes, incidentally to aid
the circulation of the country, which will crtainly
be paid at maturity, the other is the paper cu ren-
cy of the country, issued by the banks, payable on
demand, and purporting on its face to be eaual to
gold and silvei, and jet no one can say when, or
whether ever, it will be redeemed. This w as not <t
question, as the Senator from Kentucky seemed to
suppose, -whether the Treasury notes were be'ovv oi
aboi e the specie or paper par m the market They
would be valued according to the opinio,! of then
holders, and the uses to which they could be ap-
plied But the public faith has never yet been sul-
lied in regard to these notes, and it will be time
enough, in case they should not be paid m gold
and silver, «hen they become due, to compaie
them with irredeemable bank paper
The Senator from Kentucky had said that to re-
ceive these irredeemable bank notes, m the manner
proposed, would be eminently conservative. Mr
B. would be much pleased to examine this piopo-
sition, but he was in a narrow place, and could
not perform this task as he would desire, wi'hout
danger of passing the limit of his instructions
Mr CLAY of Kentucky, was not sure but Mi
B had done so already. But he insisted that the
true question was, which kind of nredeemable pa-
per was of the highest value m the market That
of the banks was the money of the State  and the
people, and deemed oí more value than the Trea-
suiy notes. If their value was precisely the same,
then one was as good as the other, and as woi thy
of ihe acceptance of the Government. If their
values were different, the most valuable ought to be
chenshed Mr C further urged the importance of
receiving bank notes for the public dues, to enable
the tanks to resume specie payments, and of sym-
pathising with the people, by making use of the
common currency.
Mr. BUCHANAN venly believed that this was
a suggestion thrown out by the Senatoi from Ken-
tucky without reflection, and that the more he re-
flected upon it, the more reason would he have
to repent that it had ever been made. But his
spirit was such, that when he made any sug-
gestion, no matter how hasty, be persisted m it
until the end This debate was as little anticipated
by him, as it could have been by the Senator; and
unttl a few moments before he rose, he had not in-
tended to take any part m it; but he would now
continue it a little longer, whilst he replied to some
of his [Mr. Clay's) last remarks.
If Mr. B. understood the gentleman correctly, he
had said, that, as the State Governments and the
people received this irredeemable bank paper, there-
fore, the Government of the United States ought to
act in the same manner. Now could any such
inference be drawn from the premises assumed?
Ought the course, which the State Governments
and the people had been compelled to pursue by the
conduct of the banks, be permitted to control the
Constitution of the United Stales' That was the
question. Are we to abandon that Constitution,
which, when correctly construed, requires us to re-
ceive and disburse gold and stiver, or paper which
may at any moment be converted into gold and
silver, and accept in payment of the public dues,
to an unlimited extent, irredeemable bank paper1
If we do, the paper currency of the country will
sink into hopeless and irretrievable rum. What
had Mr. Cheves said upon ti. s subject? As lie
was quoted by the Senator from Viigima, [Mi.
Rites,] he had declared that nothing had pi evented
a geneial suspension of specie payments by the
banks, m 1819 or 1820, but ihe inflexible dererim-
nation of the Government to preserve the specie
standard inviolate What will now be the effect of
adhering to the same standard? Not to give our-
selves a better currency than that of the people oi
the country, as has been contended, but to place us
all upon the same level, by banishing irredeemable
bank paper from circu'ation. The State Go' ern-
ments will thus be induced to place such wholesome
restrictions upon their banking institutions as will
hereafter prevent a geneial suspension of specie
payments. And here he would ohserve, that the
idea of an exclusive metallic currency for the
whole people of the United States was a mere
phantom, which had been conjured up to a'arm the
tears of the timid. The best interests of the peo-
ple, however, demanded that this Government
should insist upon the payment of the>pnbhc dues,
if not exclusively in specie, at least in paper which
was equivalent to specie.
In regard to the broad line of distinction \vhich
he had drawn between Treasury notes, payable one
year after date, and not yet due, and nredeemable
bank paper payable on demand, the Senate had
not attempted to prove t^at he Mr B had o^en m
benmerror Hisanswer consisted ma mere rptict'-
tion of the statement, that Treasury notes were not
equal in the market with bank paper. Th's fact, even
admitting its existence, as Mr. B had shown before,
had nothing to do with the question But even if it
had, what would be the result? Throughout the
whole Union, Treasury notes had umfoirmly, he
believed, commanded a picmmm, varying in
amount according to time and place, over ti e local
bank paper, except m New York, where they
might occasionally have been under the paper par
It would have been most strange, had this not been
the case, especially when we consider not only
their undoubted security, but their perfect equatelv
with gold and silver, at all times, and in all placas,
in the payment of the dues of the Government
No ingenuity could induce thp Senate to believe,
that the Government had forfeited its credit, by not
redeeming these notes m specie, before they wtie
due.
The Senator h?d not noticed that part of his ai-
gument which related to the vast power which
would be conferred «poa the Secretary of the Tiea-
sury, if he were authorized to decide what irredeem-
able bank notes should be received in payment of
the public dues, and what should be rejected It
was not answered, and it was unanswerable. Such a
power would be greater than had e\ er been con-
ferred on any Executive officer, since the founda-
tion of the Government.
Mr. CLAY here said that this discretionary
power was only proposed to be given for four
months.
