an
3 The clarification of the clerks ao nearly as they may be
able, in refeience to the character of the labor to be performed,
thecare and icspun-ubility imposed, the qualifications required,
<md h relative value to the public oí the set vices ol each
etas*, as compared with others, and especially whether, as the
clerks are now paid, there be inequalities of compensaron
among cleiks perfoimmg the same class ot duties, and
whether theie bs nowclasses of clerks receiving different rates
of compensation where the duties performed are substantially
equal in all the considerations which should govern the com
pensation
4. Such changes and improvements in the classification of the
clerks in the respective depariments and bureaus, m refeience
to compensation, as justice to the clerks, and the interests of the
public service  may seem to them to require
Resolved, That the heads of the several departments abov e
named, be requested to consult together, to compare the duties
and rates of compensation of the Ueiks employed in each, and
m the bureaus connected with or attached to each with the
others, and to make their suggestions and recommendatiors
under the fonith f>ub division of the piecedmg resolution, so
far as they may be able, such as will secure a just equality of
compensation, compared with the services ieouiredfnot only
among the clerks in each Department, and the bureaus thereof,
but among the cleiks in all theDepartmeots'andall the bureaus
On motion of Mr WRIGHT, the bill from the House, making
appropriations for the payment of the Revolutionaiy and other
pensionéis of the United States, was taken up, and lead the
third time, and passed
The report of the Committee on Claims, unfavorable to the
pt itionofthe legal representatives of Geoige D Mitchell,was
considered, and coneurred m
The «solution submitted the other day by Mr NILES, ml
ling for any correspondence that may have taken place between
theTieasuiyand Post Office Departments, and the Bank of the
Metropolis, was taken up, and ater being amended on motion
of Mr TALLMADGE, was agreed to
Mr RIVES presented certain «solutions, signed by T Smith,
Chairman, and Win B Benedict, Secretary, (of what meeting
is not stated,) in favor of thepasspge of a law to suppress duel-
ling laid on the table, and ordered to be punted
The Senate resumed the consideration of the Independent
Treasurybill, when
Mr BAYARD, who had the floor, concluded his speech m
opposition to the measure
Mr MORRIS then addteesed the Senate atlength,and m a most
powerful and eloquent argument, supported the pnncipal lea
tures of the bill, and showed to what pan of it he objected, af
ter which,
On motion (if Mr CAÍ HOIIN,
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, March 10, 1838.
Reports from committees were called for.
REVOLUTIONARY FENSIOfvS.
Mr. MORGAN reported a bill for the relief of
Jacob Ball.
PATENTS.
Mr. FLETCHER of Vermont, reported a bill
for the relief of John Blanc.
Also, a bill to renew the patent right of William
Perkins.
Also, a bill for the relief of Stephen S. W.
Douglas.
JUDICIARY.
Mr. MARTIN reported Senate bill, with an
amendment, to change the times of holding the
circuit courts of the United State-, in the 9ili cir-
cuit, which, after a kw woids of explanation
from Mr M. was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading, read
a third time and passed.
MILITARY AFFAIRS
Mr. COLES made an unfavorable lepoit on the
petition of Jacob Brown.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, the
House went into Committee ot the Whole on the
state ot the Union, Mr. McKiy müthe chair, on the
bill to restore certain jurisdiction to the District
Courts of the western district of Virginia.
Mr. GARLAND briefly explained the objects of
the biU,and the necessity of its immediue passage
40 as to transfer the causes in time for the supreme
tsrms
Mr. BEIRNE opposed the hill, which, he con-
tended, had not been called for by the people of West-
ern Virginia, and could only benefit the members
of the bar. The people had not asked for the re-
peal of the bill of last Congress, and he hoped it
would at least have a fair trial, for which there had
not been, as yet, sufficient time. Mr. B. moved to
strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. GARLAND rejoined, and said the people
of all Western Virginia were gteatly inconveni-
enced by the law of the last session, a law which
had been passed for the benefit oí the lawyeis, and
to concentrate all t1-" business at Lomsburg. As
a proof that the people Here m favor ot the r°peal
oí that law, he mentioned the fact that eveiy mem-
ber from Western Vnginia v. as its advocate, except
bis honorable colleague who had just sat down, and
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he was truly representing the interests of his dis-
trict, in which Lomsburg was comprised.
Mr. JOHNSON of Virginia went into a detailed
statement of the mconvemencies ansmgout of the
passagt of the foimer law, and was followed on the
same side by
Mr. CRAIG, who gave notice of some amend-
ment he intended to move to the bill, to provide for
some particular cases, as was understood, not em-
braced m the old act proposed to be restored by the
íepeal of the last.
Mr HOPKINS described the effect of the last
bill, which was to concentrate all the business of
Wesiern Virginia at Lomsburg, and stated that, in
the distnct he had the honoi to represent, he did not
believe there was a solitary individual who did not
desne its repeal
Mr II added that he had no desire to take from
Lomsburg the courts originally held there under
the original law, nor did the bill contemplate their
abolition, or the slighter interference with them,
other than that of restonng them to their original
condition and jurisdiction.
Tne same concurrence m the present bill was
expressed by Mr Morgan and Mr. Stewart, and
after some remarks in reply by Mr. Beirne on
taking the question, the ayes were 11, noes 50; no
quotum. The committee rose, and reported that
fact to the House.
Mr. CUSHMAN moved a call of the House,
which was oidered, and proceeded in for some
time, when,
On motion of Mr. DAVEE,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, March 10,1838.
Mr. McKEAN presented a memorial from the
commissioners of the Girard estate, on behalf of
the city of Philadelphia, setting forth that the city
of Philadelphia, under the will of the late Stephen
Giraid, is the owner of a large tract of land m
the State of Louisiana, held under the Spanish
grant, and praying Congress to pass an act au-
thorizing the ascertainment of the validity of the
title as against the United States, by proeedmg in
such comt as Congress may select-referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr BUCHANAN presented the petition of E
Lmcl, a citizen of Philadelphia, on the subject of
[he cunency. The petitioner, Mr. B. said, recom-
mended an nciease of the piesent capital of the
the Philadelphia Bank of the United States thirty-
five m, 11 ons, making it seventy millions. Here-
commended that tfu-> increase be furnished by the
several States, m propoition to their representation
in Congress the United States to draw drafts on
the s„rae, m sums of from five dollars up to $ 1,000,
endorsed by the se\ eral State-*, to become the cir-
culation rf the country; that after the expiration
of the charters of the present banks, that the capi-
tal of the bank of the United State-, shall be in-
creased to onr hundred and fifty millions, and after-
h arth an increase of two per cent yearly. The
memoml, Mi B s-ud, was ably and ingeniously
diawn up, but he confessed, that it had failed to
pioducc c< n' 'clio-i in his mind, but, ashe thoughtit
l.iir the p tiliorer should ha-s e an opportunity of
ecu ejung his sentiments to the public, he would
mine that it be íefprred to the Committee on
Finance, ?nd printed.
Mr. KING presented several certified statements
of cos's, ncurred bj certain merchants of Mobile,
in the renewal of duty bonds, which werp referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER presented two memorials from '
the Legislature of Mississippi, one praying for the
establishment of a new post route, the other for
the passage of a law, granting pre-emptions to the
settleis on tne Choctaw purchase, both of which
were appropriately íeferred.
Mr LINN, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, irrde an adverse report on the petition of -
Nancy Collins.
Mr. KING, o-i lea.c, introduced a bill for the
rebef of the hea^of Jolm Biahan, which was twice
read and referí ed.
The follow ing bills were severally read Ihe se-
^     ^ipp^gi
_ -l/iTi i.....   *~ T r^TT ill    ,        i   -'I         -it   n.   ,ni,   ......,,
cond time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to a third reading:
The bill for the relief of Isaac Broason.
The bill for the relief of William Jones.
The bill from the House for the relief of Benja*
mm H. Mackall.
The bill for the relief of Irvine Shubnck.
The bill for the relief of James Baker.
The bill to estabhsh an additional Land District
in Alabama.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of David Cald-
well, deceased
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the JNsry
to purchase a tract of land adjoining the Navy Yard
at Boston.
The bill for the relief of Archibald Sneed
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Duvall.
The bill for the relief of the legal lepresentatives
of John Brooks.
The bill for the relief of Walter Loomis and Abel
Gay.
The bill to grant to States and incorporated
companies, engaged m the construction of roads
and canals, the right of way through the public
lands.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Adams, was indefinitely postponed.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of the
Independent Treasury bill as the special order, and,
after a debate in which Messrs. CALHOUN,
CLAY, and PRESTON took part,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, March 12, 1838.
Petitions and memorials were called for, under
the rule, m the order of States and Terntones,
commencing at the point left off on Monday, as
follows.
VIRGINIA.
BY Messrs. MERCER, HOPKINS, and MOR-
GAN.
MARYLAND.
Messrs. McKIM, THOMAS, JENIFER, and
HOWARD, of Maryland.
[Mr McKim presented the following, viz: A re-
solution of the Mayor and City Council of Balti-
more, praying that an appropriation be made for
the building of a small pox hospital, or other con-
tagious disorders, at the Lazaretto, near Baltimore.
Memorial of the Board of Trade of the city of Bal-
timore, praying relief for spoliations committed on
Ihe commerce of the United S.ates prior to the year
1800. The memorial of John C. Ely, praying com-
pensation for having raised a vessel sunk in the
ship channel to the port of Baltimore. The memorial
of a number of merchants, praying that J. C Ely may
be compensated for having raised a sunken vessel.
The petition of Martha Lamore, praying for a pen-
sion in consequence of her father being a soldier of
the Revolution, and killed in war with the Indians
m 1791. The memoiial of Thomas B Dorsey
and others, recommending to the consideration of
Congress a location at the village of Ilchester, on
the Falls of the Patapsco, for a national foundry.]
DELAWARE.
Mr. MILLIGAN.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Messrs. MATTHIAS MORRIS, TOLAND,
HENRY, McKENNAN, PAYNTER, PLUMER
POTTER, HAMMOND, BEATTY, WAGE-
NER, SERGEANT, OGLE, IIUBLEY, KLIN-
GENSMITH, SHEFFER, S. W. MORRIS, and
BIDDLE
[Mr. S. W. Morris presented the petition of
Samuel Tubbs and others, sufferers at Wyoming.
Also, a document relative to the claim of Ethan
Eddy. Also, a petition from citizens of McKean
county, for a post road from Sweden to Harrison
Valley post ofhee, in said county ]                                *
[Mr. M. Morris presented four petitions fiomciti-
7ens of Backs county, Pennsylvania, remonstrating
against the annexation of Texas to the United States,
one signed by 32, another by 33, another by 49, and
another by 45 persons. Also, the petition of 50 in-
habitants of the same county, asking that the reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of the 21st
of December, 1837, directing that all papers relating
