CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.                            .                ^3
to slavery «hall be laid upon the table Without read-
ing, be immediately rescinded.]
(Mr. Beatty presented a petition from the citi-
zens of Armstrong country, for the improvement of
the Alleghany river for steamboat navigation. Also,
one from the citizens of Armstrong county, praying
for the establishing of a road therein mentioned.
Also, the petition of a number of citizens of Butler
county, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas.]
[Mr. Shepfer presented the petition and docu-
ments of John McCarty, a soldier of the late war,
praying for a pension: moved that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.]
[Mr. Pldmer presented two petitions for an
appropriation to improve the Alleghany river from
Pittsburg to Olean: referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Also, a petition for an appro-
priation to contract a haibor at Milwaukee, in the
Territory of Wisconsin, referred to the Committee
on Commerce. Also, two petitions numerously
signed by citizens of the State of Pennsylvania, re-
monstrating against the erection of a marine hos-
pital at Cleveland, and setting forth that the medi-
cal board, appointed to make examination on the
southern shore of Lake Erie, with a view of se-
lecting the most suitable site for the erection of a
marine hospital, had limited their examination to
one or two places, and that they had entirely over-
looked the town of Erie, one of the most important
points on the Lake, situated on one of the best har-
bors, and the only place where a fleet could be
safely built, or a naval depot established, and ask
that anew board might be appointed to make a
more impartial examination: referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.]
[Mr. Henry presented the petition of the heirs
of Robert Vance, deceased, who served as a cap-
tain in,the Virginia line, in the Revolutionary war,
form 1776 to the end of the war, praying (or com-
mutation pay and interest on the same, to which
their father was entitled, under the resolutions of
Congress on that subject: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. Also, petition of a
number of the citizens of Mercer county, Pennsyl-
vania, for a post route from New Castle, through
New Castle, through Pulaski, &c. to Meadeville,
in Crawford county: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. Also, the petition
of a number of the citizens of Beaver and Mercer,
counties, praying for a stage coach mail route
twice a week from New Lisbon, Ohio, to Fairfield,
Unity, Petersburg, and Mount Jackson, to New
Castle: referred to same committee. Also, the
petition of a number of the citizens of Portage and
Cuyahoga counties, praying for the repeal of part
of section No., 11 of the law, regulating the post
office establishment, that makes it the duty of the
postmasters to deliver letters and papers every day of
the week: referred to same committee. Mr. H. also,
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Pennsylvania, instructing their Senators, and re-
questing their Representatives in Congress to vote
and use their influence for the postponement of the
Sub-Treasury bill, or any other acts of a similar
character; and also, resolutions accompanying the
same, passed by the Senate of Pennsylvania, on
the same subject. On motion, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union, to
which the same subject is referred, and that they be
referred.]
NEW JERSEY.
Messrs. HALSTEAD, RANDOLPH, YORKE,
and AYCRIGG.
NEW YORK.
Messrs. CAMERELENG, BRONSON, PECK,
CLARK, B1RDSALL, DE GRAFF, GALLUP,
GRAY, RUSSELL, GRANT, SIBLEY, HOFF-
MAM, CURTIS, MARVIN, FILLMORE,
MITCHELL, McCLELLAN, MOORE, PAR-
KER, VANDERVEER, ANDREWS, KEMBLE,
JONES, PRATT, TAYLOR, TITUS, LOOMIS,
BRODHEAD, EDWARDS, JACKSON, PAL-
MER, SPENCER, and PATTERSON.
[Mr. Bronson presented the following, viz: joint
resolutions of the Legislature of the State of New
York, in relation to the survey of the northern and
western lakes and rivers, and the improvement of the
harbors thereon. Resolutions of the Assembly of the
State of New, against the Independent Treasury Bill.
Resolutions of the New York State Agricultural
Convention, in relation to the introduction of fo-
reign seeds and plants. Petition of seventy-six citi-
zens of Jefferson county, New York, in favor of
the construction of the Niagara ship canal. Peti-
tion of fifty-five inhabitants of New . Haven,
Oswego county, New York, in favor of repairing
and rebuilding the military positions at Oswego,
New York. Petition of William Tryon of Sackets
Harbor, New York, for compensation for property
lost in 1814, by reason of the occupation of his pre-
mises by the United States troops.]
[Mr. Degraff presented, the petition for-a mail
route from the city of Schenectady to Braman's
Corners, in Duanesburg. Resolutions from the
popular branch of the Legislature of New York
against separating the Government from the banks.]
[Mr. Cambreleng presented the memorial of
one hundred and eight citizens of the village of Os-
wego, in the State of New York, praying an inqui-
ry into the expediency of repairing and arming the
military positions at Oswego.]
[Mr. Spencer presented the memorial of thirty-
nine inhabitants of the county of Oswego, New
York, praying that the military positions at Oswego
village be repaired and armed.]
[Mr. Parker presented the petition of Piatt Pel-
ton and 47 other citizens of Sullivan county, New
York, praying for the expulsion of those members
©f the House of Representatives connected with the
duel that caused the death of the Hon. Jonathan
Cilley: referred to the Select Committee on that
subject.]
[1. Mr. Russell presented the petition of Mons
Robertson and 95 other electors of the county of
Washington and State of New York, praying a
revision of the laws of the United States, regula-
ting the naturalization of foreigners.
2.  Also, certain memorials and resolutions of
the house ofAssembly of the State of New York,
prohibiting against the passage of the bill now
pending before Congress to impose additional du-
ties, as depositaries, upon certain public officers to
appoint receivers general of the public money,
and to regulate the safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public moneys of the United
States; which, on motion of Mr. Russell, were re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, to which the said bill had been re-
ferred.
3.  Also, the concurrent resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of New York, asking for the
enactment of a law at the present session of Con-
gress, directing a survey of the waters of the north-
ern and western lakes, and for the improvement
of the harbors on said lakes, and for making a
chart of said lakes, so as render safe and commo-
dious the extensive and rapidly increasing com-
merce thereon; which, on motion of Mr. Rdssell,
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
4.  Also, the petition of Isaac W. Thompson and
other citizens of the county of Washington, and
State of New York, praying the establishment of
a new mail route from Granville to Whitehall, in
the county of Washington.
5.  Also, the petition of Andrew Martin and 61
other citizens of the said county and State, praying
the House of Representatives of the United States
forthwith to rescind a resolution entered on their
journals on the 21st of Dec. 1837, by which certain
petitions were ordered to be laid on the table with-
out being debated, printed, read, or referred, and
declaring that no further action whatsoever should
be had thereon; said resolution being in direct vio-
lation of that provision in the Constitution of the
United States-which secures to the people the right
of petition and the freedom of debate and the press.
6.  Also, the petition of David Gordon, and 128
other citizens of the said county of Washington
praying for the abolition of slavery and the slave
trade in the District of Columbia and the Territo-
ries of the United States.
7.  Also, the petition of John R. Law, Ezekiel
Clark, and 127 other citizens of the said county of
Washington, for the like purpose.
8.  Also, the petition of John S. Smith, and 147
other inhabitants of the city of Albany,' in the State
of New York, for, the same purpose,
, 9. Also, the petition of Mrs. S. J; Penniman and
170 other ladies of the said city of Albany, for the
like purpose.
10.   Also, the remonstrance of Daniel Valentine
and 48 other citizens of said county of Washing-
ton, against the annexation of Texas to the United
States.
11.  Also the remonstrance of Jehiel Dayton and
86 other electors of the town of Granville, in said
county of Washington, for the like purpose.
12.  Also, a like remonstrance, purporting to
have been signed by Ruth P. Worthington and 21
other females of the same place.
13.  Also, the remonstrance of Zachius Waldo
and_ 89 other electors of said town of Granville
against the admission of any new State into the
Union whose Constitution tolerates domestic slave-
ry; also, praying for the abolition of slavery in the
District of Columbia and in Florida, and so to re-
gulate commerce between the several States as to
prevent the traffic in slaves being carried on be-
tween them.
14.  Also, a like remonstrance, and petition for
the like purposes, puporting to be signed by E.
Shumway and 9 other women of the same place.
15.  Also, the remonstrance of A. B McDowal
and 139 other citizens of Albany aforesaid, for the
like purpose.
16.  Also, the remonstrance of Joseph Hawley,
John T. Law, and 928 other citizens of the town
of Salem, in said county of Washington, against
the admission of any new State into the Union
whose constitution tolerates domestic slavery.
17.  Also, the remonstrance of Mrs. R. Winslow
and 179 other ladies of the said city of Albany,
against the admission of any new State under like
circumstances.
18.  Also, the petition of John Moodle, Leonard
Church, and 239 other citizens of said county of
Washington, praying Congress so to regulate com-
merce between the several States as to prohibit the
slave trade which is now carried on between them.
19.  Also, the petition of Mrs. M. L. De Graff
and 170 other ladies of the said city of Albany, for
the like object.
20.   Also, the petition of D. B. Van Schom-
broun and 48 other citizens of Albany, for the like
purpose.
21.  Also, the petition of James P. Miller and 96
other citizens of the said county of Washington,
praying a revision of the naturalization laws.
22.  Also, the remonstrance of Jesse Campbell
and 291 other inhabitants of the county of Herki-
mer, in the State of New York, against the annex-
- ation of Texas to the United States.]
[Mr. Grant presented the following petitions:
The memorial of William Draper and two hun-
dred and forty other inhabitants of the county of
Oswego, in the Stale of New York, praying that
the military positions at Oswego be repaired, and
for the establishment of a military post at said vil-
lage. The memorial of one hundred and sixty-
six citizens of the county of Niagara, in said State,
praying for the construction of a ship and steam-
boat canal around the falls of Niagara. The pe-
titions of eighty-four inhabitants of the counties
of Oswego and Onondaga, praying that mail route
No. 801, be extended from Clay, in the county of
Onondaga, to the village of Fulton, in Oswego
county, via Phosnix, and that a mail be carried
upon said route three times per week. The similar
petition of seventy-three inhabitants of said coun-
ties for the same object. The like petition of thirty-
one inhabitans of Oswego county, for the same ob-
ject. The following petitions, praying the esta-
blishment of a daily mail route from Oswego vil-
lage, to Sackets Harbor, via, Port Ontario, viz:
The petition of twenty-five inhabitants, residing
upon the shores of Lake Ontario. The like of 27
inhabitants. The like of 45 inhabitants. The like t
of 45 inhabitants. The petition of sixty-nine citi-
zens of Oswego, New York, against the admission
of Texas into the Union. The like petition of nine
inhabitants. The petition of fifty inhabitants of
Oswego, praying the abolition of slavery and the
slave trade in the District of Columbia. The peti-
tion of 49 inhabitants of Oswego, against the ad-
mission of any new State into the Union, whose
constitution tolerates domestic slavery.   The like
