COKGRÉSSÍONAt GtOBS.                                  v____2á5
,f   ,    ■       i           i     „                                                                  .                  ■        ■        ■     ■                                                                            III"'        -n*.-i.lMHl-.^i.*>.*li Tl'lH'l1l'l'HHl li lll'lll|i|......■■"'■—""■"      ■'"",,'„""
the benefits of the late preemption law, m relation
to a tract of land in Lawrence county, Illinois,
which, on his motion, was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands. Also, the petition of Ro-
bert Brownfield, praying to be placed on the pen-
sion roll, referred to the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Pensions.]
ALABAMA.
Messrs LEWIS, LYON, and CHAPMAN.
On motion of Mr. MARTIN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire  into the
expediency of establishing a mail route irom Fair-
field to Pickensville, in Alabama.
MISSOURI.
Mr. HARRISON.
[Mr. Harrison presented the petition of Henry
Overly, for a pension. The petition of sundry
citizens of Wisconsin Territory, respecting the con-
flicting boundaries of Wisconsin and Missouri.
The petition of sundry citizens of Rives county, for
the establishment of a mail route. The petition of
A and A W. Hudspeth, for a pre-emption upon
certain lands occupied and improved by them.
The petition of sundry citizens oi the Platte coun-
try, praying the establishment of a mail route.
The petition of sundry citizens, praying the in-
crease of the compensation of the postmaster at
St. Charles Of M P Le Due, praying the con-
firmation of a certain tract oí land granted to him
by the Spanish Government ]
On motion of Mr. MILLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Liber-
ty, Clay county, by Rubidom to the Blocke Hills,
on the Missouri river, m said State.
ARKANSAS.
On motion of Mr. YELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pubhc
Lands bs instructed to inquire into the expediency
of authorizing the Governor of Arkansas to com-
plete the location of land for a seminary of learning,
and to locate other lands m lieu of those already
located, which have become of no value from in-
undation of the Mississippi.
MICHIGAN.
Mr. CRARY.
[Mr. Chary presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan, for a survey of, and for
the removal of, any obstructions at the mouth of
the St. Clair river, a petition for a mail route from
Lupeer to Grand Blanee, for a mail route from
Elkhart to Lafayette, for the improvement of the
harbor of Milwaukie, in Wisconsin Territory ]
FLORIDA.
Mr. DOWNING.
The SPEAKER laid before the House several
Executive communications, viz.
1.  A Message from the President of the United
Stales, transmitting a report and accompanying
papers from the Secretary of War, containing mfoi-
mation respecting the present state of the campaign
in Florida, and the disposition of the Indians to
treat for peace.
On motion of Mr PETRIKIN, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs
2.  A Message from the Piesident of the United
States, transmitting, for the consideration of Con-
gress, a report of the Secretary of State, with ac-
companying document", relative to an application
by the Minister of France m behalf of Captain
Bezeirs, for saving a vessel and crew
On motion of Mr WHITTLESEY, referíed to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
3.  From the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
a report from the Naval Commissioners, in relation
to the improvements in the navy yard at Pensacola
On motion of Mr McKIM, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs
4.    From the same, transmitting a statement
showing the names of all the officers and non-com-
rmssioned officers in the naval service and Marine
Corps, disabled by wounds or injuries while in the
line of their duty, and placed on the pension list.
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN, laid on the
table.
5.  From the Secretary of the Treasury a report
in relation to the addition which has been made to
the compensation of revenue officers m the year
1837, by the provision which gave them the same
compensation as if the importations were the same
as m 1832
On motion of Mr CUSHMAN, referred to the
Committee on Commerce
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, March 12, 1838.
Mr. McKEAN presented the memorial ef G. A
Perkins and ninety other citizens of Athens, Penn-
sylvania, remonstrating against the annexation of
Texas to the Union, and praying Congress to reject
all propositions of that kind, come from whatever
source they may laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Adol-
phus Allen, proposing to erect a bridge across the
Upper Mississippi, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial signed
by a numbei of citizens of Washington county,
Pennsylvania, against the practice of duelling, and
praying Congress to pass a law, with suitable pe-
nalties, to suppress it read, ordered to be printed,
and laid on the table.
Mr. WALL presented a petition of a similar
character, from sundry citizens of Newark, New
Jersey, which was disposed of in like manner.
Mr CLAY of Alabama presented the petition of
the purchasers of the southwest quarter of section
twenty-two, in township five, in range three west,
in the Huntsville Land District, Alabama, from
the United States, praying Congress to grant other
lands in lieu thereof, to William Jones, who pur-
chased the same quarter section from the State of
Alabama.
Mr C. also presented the claim of Capt Ed-
ward D. Jones for the transportation of a company
of troops belonging to the Alabama regiment of
volunteers, which served in the Florida campaign
of 1834, from Mobile to their place of residence.
Mr. TIPTON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the relief of the
Alabama, Georgia, and East Florida railroad
company, which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mi LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was reterred the petition of
William Armstrong, reported a bill for the relief
Juan Pelgar, which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. L from the same committee, to which
had been referred the memorial of Dr Pen me, on
the subject, reported a bill to encourage the introduc-
tion and promote the cultivation of tropical plants
in the United States read, and ordered to a second
reading, and the accompanying report ordeied to
be printed
Mr ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which was referred
the petition of William Fuller, reported a bill for
his relief, which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commetce,
íeported, without amendment, the bill from the
House giving the assent of Congress to an act of
the Legislature of Maryland, imposing a small
tonnage duty on vessels entering the port oí Balti-
moie, foi the purpose of keeping its harbor open.
On motion of Mr. K. the above bill was then
considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered to a third reading
Mr LYON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which had bsen referred the pe-
tition of Daniel Marsack, reported a bill for his
relief, which was read, and ordered to a second
reading
Mr CRITTENDEN presented the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature oí Kentucky, in relation to
the cunency, and opposed to the Sub-Treasury bill,
accompanying their presentation with some appro-
priate remarks
Mi. RUGGLES presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Mame, asking that the franking
privilege be extended to the Governors and Secre-
taries of the several States, and to the members of
the State Legislatures: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. R also presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Mame, praying for a'further ap-
propriation to remove the obstructions in Penobscot
bay referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RIVES presented the petition of Mrs. Fan-
ning, mother of Lieut. John B Fanning, praying
for a pension referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr LYON, a call was made on
the Secretary of the Treasury for mfoimation as to
present circumstances, and the course proper to be
pursued in relation to public lands in the south of
Wisconsin and the north of Illinois.
The following bills were severally read the third
time, and passed
The bill tor the relief of Benjamin H. Mackali.
The bill for the relief of James Baker.
The bill for the ¡elief of Robert Preebles and
John Graham.
The bill granting commutation to Isaac Bronson
The bill foi the relief of the heirs and represen-
tatives of William Jones, deceased
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Doctor
Thomas Carter, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Irvine Shubuck
The bill to establish an addition.il land district in
Alabama
The bill for the relief of the securities of Archi-
bald Snecd, deceased.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Brooks, deceased
The bill in addition to the act for the relief of
Walter Loomis and Abel Gay.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the In-
dependent Treasury bill as the special order, when
Mr WEBSTER, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the Senate to a late hour in opposition to
the measure. Mr W had not concluded his speech
The Senate adjourned
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, March 13, 1838.
WAYS AND MEANS.
Mr. CAMBRELENG reported a bill directing
the transfers of money remaining unclaimed by
certain pensioners, and authorizing the payment of
the same at the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. C. asked the House to take up the proposed
amendment of Mr BRIGGS to the sixty-third rule
of the House, which was to add thereto the follow-
ing
"Unless in continuation of appiopnations for
such public works or objects as are already in pro-
gress, and foi the usual contingencies for carrying
on the several departments of the Government."
The motion of Mr C. being agreed to,
Mr PHILLIPS moved to stake out the word
"usual," which was accepted by Mr BRIGGS as
a modification, and the amendment of the rule was
agreed to by two-thuds.
PUBLIC   LANDS
Mr BOON reported, without amendment, Se-
nate bill to create additional land offices in the
State of Michigan, and for other purposes
DISTRICT  OF COLUMBIA
Mr JENIFER reponed a bill for the suppres-
sion of gaming in the District of Columbia.
Mr PETRIKIN reported a bill to incorporate
certain banks m the District of Columbia.
REVOLUTIONARY   CLAIMS
Mi CRAIG reported Senate bill for the relief of
the heirs of John Hawkins, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, and, on Mi C's motion,
the bill was laid on the table
Mr SHEPHERD reported a bill for the relief
of the legal representative of James Brodhead
Mr TALIAFERRO reported a bill for the re-
lief of John Emerson
Mr T also reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Larkin Smith.
Mr PATTON reported a bill for the further re-
lief of the heirs and representatives of John Can-
non, deceased.
INDIAN AFFAIRS.
Mr EVERETT reported a resolution against
the allowance of interest on the claim of James
Brown; which was concurred in by the House,
