CQ^Í^E^SIONA.L jGjLOBE,
237
Before the question was taken, on motion of Mr.
BELL, the committee rose and reported.
Mr. SAWYER, on leave, submitted a resolution
directing the Committee on Commerce to inquire
into ihe expediency of authorizing the construction
of a light-house at Pea Island, North Carolina,
which was agreed to.
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 13, 1838.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of the
New York Typogiaphical Society, remonstrating
against the passage of an international copy-right
law referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr PRESTON presented the petition ofsundij
citizens of South Carolina, praying for the esta
blishmeut of a new post route- referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Ofhce and Post Roads.
Mr P. also presented the petition of Wm Smith
of South Carolina, asking compensation for Indian
spoliations, referred to the Committeeon Indian
Affairs.
Mr NORVELL presented the petition of sun-
dry citizens of Michigan, praying for an appropri-
ation for the improvement ol the harbor of Brest,
on Lake Ene- referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. N. also presented the petition of Freeman
Blackely, praying for confirmation of title to a
tract of land referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of John P
Goodwin, which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr YOUNG presented two petitions of a num-
ber of citizens of Illinois, praying for the establish-
ment of mail routes.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens ot Illinois,
praying for the passage of a general pre-emption
law: referred to the Committee ou Public Lands.
Also, the petition of an individual of the Potta-
watamie tribe of Indians, praying to be secured in
his reservation to a tract of land referred io the
Committee on Publie Lands
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of sundry
merchants of New York, praying for the establish-
ment of a naval school referred to the Commutes
on Naval Affairs.
Mr GRUNDY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the memoual of
Jonathan Thompson, late collector of the port of
New York, praying that his official bonds may be
estored to him, moved that the committee be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration thereof
carried.
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the same commit-
tee was discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial of the commissioners of the Gi-
rard estate
Mr WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported severally, without amendment,
the bill supplementary to the act to provide for the
organization of the Department of Indian Affairs,
and the bill to regulate the trade and intercourse
with the Indian tribes, and pie^erve peace on the
frontiers, both approved June —, 1834.
Mr. TROTTER, on leave, introduced a bill sup-
plementary to the act to amend the act for the ap-
pointment of commissioners to adjust the claims to
reservations of land under the fourteenth article of
the treaty of 1830 with the Choctaw Indians,
which, after some remarks from Mr. T. was read
twice, and referred.
Mr CLAY ot Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported, without amendment, the
bill for the relief of the heirs of John Brahan, and
the report was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. C. a call was made on the Se
cretary of State for information relative to the
number of suits on the docket, and various other
matters relating to the Circuit and District Courts
of the united States.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, on leave, introduced a
bill to authorize ihe President to cause patents to be
issued to the persons, and for the land , therem
named read twice and referred.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Duvall; and
The bill to amend the act relative to the port of
Baltimore, were severally read the third time and
passed.
The following bills were severally read the se-
cond time and considered as m Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill making appropriations for ceitam roads
in Arkansas.
The bill for the relief of Michael Cassell.
The bill for the relief of George Davenport.
The bill to authorize Charles Day of Macon, and
James R. Butts of Columbus, to import two iron
steamboats free of duty.
The bill for the relief of Jechomas Pigot and
James Lecraft, sureties of James Manney, late col-
lector of the customs for the District of Beaufort,
North Carolina, and
The bill to provide for the repeal of certain pro-
visions of the act to alter and amend the several
acts imposing duties on imports, passed------,1832
The bill for the relief of Chastellam and Ponvert
was indefinitely postponed
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the Independent Treasury Bill, when Mi. WEB-
STER resumed the floor, and closed hi  remarks,
commenced yesterday, in opposition to the bill
Mr W occupied the floor unulneai 4 o'clock
Mr ROBBINS then moved that the Senate ad-
journ, which motion he withdrew, at the sugges-
tonof Mr Grundy, who moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Attei the consideration of which,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, March 14, 1838
THE LATE DUEL.
Mr. PAYNTER, on leave, presented a petition
of four hundied citizens of Philadelphia, on the
subject ot the late duel, which was referred to the
select committee on the subject.
Mr FAIRFIELD also asked leave to present
several memorials on the same subject
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana objected, where-
upon
Mr. FAIRFIELD moved a suspension of the
rule.
Mr. HENRY said he had a memorial of the
same import, and wished the motion to be made
with reference to it also.
The CHAIR said the rule could only be sus-
pended on the first motion.
The vote being twice taken without a quorum,
Mr. DAVEE asked for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and were—yeas 92, nays 54; not
being two-thirds, the rule  were not suspended.
Mr BRIGGS, on leave, piesented a petition re-
lating to an invalid pension claim, which was re-
ferred to the committee on that subject
On motion of Mr HOLSEY, Mr Jackson of
Georgia, was excused from serving on the Select
Committee raised on the subject of revising the
laws of naturalization, on the ground that he was
already a member of two committees of the House.
Reports from committees were then called for.
PUBLIC L4NDS.
Mi. CASEY reported a bill for the relief of John
Dougherty of Wisconsin.
JUDICIARY.
Mr MARTIN movad to take up the reconside-
ration of the vote, by which the bill was passed for
changing the times of holding the circuit courts of
Alabama, which was agreed to, and the same, on
motion of Mr. THOMAS, was recommitted to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS
Mr. TALIAFERRO reported a resolution to
assign room No. 41 to the Committee of the House
on Revolutionary Claims; which was concuned in.
PRIVA IE LAivD CLAIMS.
On motion of Mr HARLAN, the Committee of
the Whole was discharged from the further consi-
deration of the bill for the relief of Joseph Leibert,
and the same was íecommitted to the above stand-
ing committee.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, on leave, submits
ted an order that the Speaker be authorized to as-
sign two rooms to the commissioners for investi-
gating the frauds committed in the Creek reserva-
tions, if the same are unappropriated; which wa-
concurred m
Mr. POPE submitted the following resolution,
which was agreed to.
Resolved, That the claim of the administrator of
Jacob Houne, deceased, for services rendered by
said Houne in the war of the Revolution, with the
proofs and exhibits, be referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, to consider and report
thereon.
LAND FOR SCHOOLS.
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland, continued his re-
marks in support of his resolution to set apart a
certain quantity of ihe publie lands for purposes of
education, and gave way, without concluding, to
the orders of fhp day.
Mr MARTIN then, on leave, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported back to the House
the bill to change the time of holding the Circuit
Court of Alabama, <fcc. with an amendment in th«-
shape of a substitute for the bill.
[It annexes Alabama to the sixth circuit.]
Mr HAYNES said he would inquire of the
Committee on the Judiciary why it was proposed
so largely to increase the duties of the judge ef the
sixth circuit of the United States, by adding to it a
State in which another judge of the Supreme Court
resides1* Justice to Judge Wayne required that he
should make the inquiry Ke did not wish to in-
terfere with the equitable adjustment of labor be-
tween the members of the Supreme Court, but it
seemed to him that the proposed change would im-
pose an unreasonable addition of service upon the
judge of the smh circuit, and therefore he felt it
his duty to inquire why it was proposed.
Mr. MARTIN and Mr THOMPSON explained.
Mi HAYNES replied that he did not perceive,
if it was insisted that Alabama should be adied to
the sixth cucuit, why a sirmlai provision should
not be introduced in favor of Judge Wayne to that
which has been adopted in the seventh circuit, dis-
pensing with one term of the circuit court annu-
ally in the States of Indiana and Illinois. By the
proposed addition of Alabama to the sixth circuit,
the travel and labor of Judge Wayne would he
enormously increased, as Mebile was almost as dis-
tant Irom Savannah, the place of his residence, as
Washington City is from Savannah, and would
require of the judge almost twice as much travel-
ling in the year as was performed in attending the
annual session ot the Supreme Court He repeat-
ed that he did not desire to mterleie withoi disturb
an equitable distribution of labor between the
judges of the Supreme Court, but he did think the
proposed change, by requiring the judge of the sixth
circuit to preside tw ice a year at Mobile, would im-
pose an unequal burden upon that officer.
Mr. THOMAS, m reply, went into a full ex-
planation and defence of the amendment proposed,
showing that its result would be to obviate the
complaints which had long: been made respecting
the neglect of the Eastein Judicial District of Lou-
isiana. He stated very minutely the amount of
court duty performed by each of the judges, and
showed that, even with the increased duty occa-
sioned by the amendment, Judge Wayne would
still have less to do than any of his brethren, Judge
Barbour only excepted, while Judge McKmley
would be relieved from a task too onerous to be
performed by any judge. It was impracticable now
to go into a general reorganization of the whole of
the districts, since the tune was so near when
Florida, Wisconsin, and, perhaps, Ioway, would
become States of the Union, that no arrangement
could be made which did not look to that event; and
if the districts should fce so organized at this time,
the plan would work unequally and unjustly m the
meanwhile.
The question being put, the amendment was
agreed to, the bill ordered to its third reading, read
a third time, and passed
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
message fiom the President, m answer to a resolu-
tion of the House, on the subject of a canal across
the Isthmus of Danen; which, on motion of Mr.
