CONClRIKSIOIf Ali ftLOBE.
:■-■'■■■'■'■            '  -        ■                             '■'■  ■                    '"     ■   ■-     •    -........."■                    ........                "       •••>!............■)'■    ■   .   ■-    ■■■■■■..              '     .■J.r".<jj^j¿!J«~
25th Con .........-2nd Sess._______________  MONDAY, MARCH 26, 1838.     ____________       Votóme 6...,.......No. 16.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.                                     ---------WEEKLY---------                             PRICK $1   PER SESSION.
[Continuedftom No. 15 ]
answer to their constituents for their entire disre-
gard of their wishes, and the betrayal of the confi-
dence reposed m them.
Resolved, That the Democratic members of the
county of Philadelphia who voted against the in-
structing resolutions at Harrisburg, deserve our
cordial and hearty approbation
Resolved, That copies, of the foregoing preamble
and resolutions, attested by the officers of this meet-
ing, be transmitted to the President and Vice Pre-
sident of the United States, and also to the Hon.
James Buchanan and the Hon. Lemuel Paynter,
■with a request that they will lay them before the
two houses of Congress.
Rcohed, That the proceedings of this meeting
be published in the Pennsylvaman and American
Sentinel, and other Democratic papers throughout
the State, and in the Washington Globe.
Attest                       JOHN SNYDER, Pres't
P Stoever, Sec'y.
William Bons^ll, Sec'y.
Philadelphia, Jtfa>c/il3, 1838
Mr. TIPTON presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Indiana, on the subject of a uni-
form currency, opposed to the Independent Trea-
sury, and in favor of a National Bank- laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of Philadelphia, asking Congress
to establish a dry dock at the navy yard at that
place- refened to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr MERRICK presented the petition of Wil-
liam A Weavei, and others, of the city of Wash-
ington, praying Congress to encourage the cultiva-
tion of the mulberry, and the rearing of silk
worms • referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
DEATH OF THE HON  T. J. CARriiR.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives by Mr. Franklin, their Clerk, an-
nouncing the death of the Hon. Timothy Jakvis
Carter, late a member of that House from the
State of Maine, and that his funeral would take
plaee from the hall of that House al lá o'clock, m
on Saturday next.
After t'ie reading of the message, Mr RUG-
GLES addressed the Senate as follows.
Ma Presiditnt The message fiom the Home
of Representatives, just lead, communicating the
melancholy intelligence oí the death of the lion.
Timotiíy J Carter, a Reprcaentitive from the
State of Maine, imposes on me the duty, which I
cannot perform without the deepest emotion, of
moving the customary resolutions of respect for
the memory of the deceased He died last evening
at the hour of ten, at his lodgings m this city, after
much severe but pauenl suffering—at peace with
all, at variance with none
I know that occasions of this kind have usually
been imptoved to pronounce eulogies on the cha-
racters of deceased members, but the painful emo-
tions which have been awakened by the last sad
adieu of an esteemed fnend and colleague, but
poorly quahfv me to speak at this time, and in this
place, of his ímnly virtues, his purity oí heart, the
engaging mildness of his disposition, the unusual ex-
cellence^ the character he maintained m all his
domestic and social relations It is but to say,
what all who knew him as I have known hire
would say, that his whole life afforded constant ex-
emplification of the strictest moral rectitude, m the
upright, faithful, conscientious performance of every
duty connected with his station in society
Though yet scarcely past the morning ot life, he
had received many gratifying proofs of the estima-
tion in which his talents and probity were held by
the people and th« councils oí hw State.
As a representative, he has been devotedly faith-
ful to his trust, and fully jusnfied the confidence re-
posed hi his virtue and patriotism. He sought not
high palu?ic#l distmclum. He was unambitious oí
renown, but guided his footsteps by that calm and
steady light which shines all along the pathway of
duty and usefulness
He inherited his virtue from a highly respectable
parentage, and has left a wide circle of attached re-
latives and friends to mourn his exit, three of Whom,
under the ready impulses of fraternal affection,
obeyed the earliest summons to his sick bed Alas'
it was but to witness, with poignant grief, the
closing scene in the brief drama of human ex-
istence.
He was a husband and a father, but how can I
presume here to speak of the agonized feelings of
her, who, whilst she caught his latest sigh, felt that
ab in life, so almost also in death, his destinies
were hei own'
With the deceased, life's fleeting shadow has
passed b], and eternity has opened its broad por-
tals. Nothing now remains but the teai-s ot rela-
tives, the regrets and sympathies offnends, and the
moral influence of his example for all.
The usual resolutions were then adopted, that
the Senate would attend the funeral of the late
Mr CtRTER, and go into mourning, by wearing
crape on the left arm for thirty days.
The Senate adjourned over to Saturday next
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, March 17, 1838.
Immediately after the reading of the Journal of
Thursday .General GEORGE M. KEIM, a member
elected from the State of Pennsylvania, to supply
the vacancy occasioned by the resignation of Mr
Muhlenberg, appealed, was qualified, and took his
seat
THR niNCBU OF HON TIMOTHY J CARThR,
J atea Jli preventative/ri>m the Slate éf Ma ne
At half past twelve o'clock the funeral service
was performed in the Hall of the House of Repie-
sentatives, by the Rev. Mr Reese, Chaplain of the
House,   and,   immediately   after, the procession
moved to place of interment in the following order
The Chaplains of both Houses
Physicians who attended the deceased
Committee of Anangements, viz
Mr Evans, of Mame,
Mr McKensan, of Pa   Mr Popí, of Ky.
Mr. Whittlesey, of Ct. Mr. Hamer, of Oh o
Mr Pickias, of S C.      Mr Gray, of N. Y
Pall Bearers, viz
Mr Pm i lips, of Mass.   Mr Worthington, Md
Mr Campeeli, of Te.    Mr Holsey, of G?.
Mr Tayior, of N Y.    Mr Casey, of Illinois
THE CORPSE
The family and friends of the deceased
The membeis of the House of Representatives and
Senators from Maine, as mourneis
The Seigeant-at-arms of (he House of Representa-
tives.
The House of Representatives, preceded by their
Speaker and Clerk
The other officers of the House.
The Sergeant-at-arms of the Senate
The Senate of the United States, preceded by the
Vice President, and their Secretary.
The other officers of the Senate
The President of the United States
The Heads of Departments
Judges of the Supreme Court, and its officers
Foreign Ministers.
Citizens and Strangers
IN SENATE,
SiioRDAY, March 17, 1838
Tne Senate met, and, after the reading of the
Journal,  adjojrned, to attend the funeral of the
Hon Timothy Jarvis Carter, ¡ate a Representa-
tive fiom theStite of Maine.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Mokd it, March 19,1838.
The SPEAKER laid before the  House sundry
Executive communications, vir
]   From the Secretary of War,  transmuting a
report of the officer in charge of the topographical
[   bureau, accompanied with a reduced map and sur-
vey of the mouth of Connecticut river.
On motion of Mr. INGHAM, laid on the table.
2. From the Secretary of War, transmitting co-
pies of the report and survey of the harbor of New
Buffalo and Twenty-mile creek, in the State of
Michigan
On motion of Mr CUSHMAN, referred to the
Committee on Commerce
3 From the Secretary of War, transmitting a
letter from the Commissioner of Pensions, accom-
panied by the original papers in the case of Wil-
liam Lomax.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
4. From the Secretary of War, transmitting a
report of the Chief Engineer, furnishing informa-
tion respecting the expenses, &c. of removing the
obstructions to the navigation of the Apalachafayla
river, in the State of Louisiana.
On motion of Mr. CUSHMAN, referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
5 From the Secretary of War, a statement
relative to the cost, &c. attending the equ pi^tut
and employment of mounted men or cavalry, and
infantry, for the service of the United States
On motion of Mr. McKAY, laid on the tab*.
6. From the Secretary of the Treasury, tian'.-
mitung a statement from the Register of the Trea-
sury, exhibiting, as far as practicable, the amount
disbursed in all the States and Territories, in each
of the years 1834,1835, 1636, and 1837, for fortifi-
cations, light houses, beacons, boys, Revolutionary
and other pensioBS, works of internal improve-
ment, removing ubstiuctionsat the mouths of rivera
and creeks, &c.
On motion of Mr CUSHMAN, laid on the table
The Stat-s being called over, resolutions wer¿
presented from
MAINE.
On motion of Mr. DAVEE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedien-
cy of placing the name of Susan Adams upon ihp
pension list.
On motion of Mr DAVEE,
Reiohed, That the Speaker communicate to thr
Governor of the State ot Maine, that a vacanc-
ies occurred in its representation in the House of
Representatives by the decease of Timotiíy Jaryi,-
Carter, late a member thereof from that Siife
On motion of Mr. NOYES,
ResoLcd, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish to this House a statement of the
number of arrivals a«d clearances, with their ton-
nage, and value of cargoes of British and Ameri-
can vessels respectively, to apd from ports m the
British Piovinces of New Brunswick and Nova
Scotia,in the year commencing January J, and
ending December 31, 1828; and ak>o in "the yeat
commencing January 1, and ending December 1,
1837, m the following districts, to wit Passama-
quoddy, Portland, and Falmouth, Boston aiui
Charlestown, and New York.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Mr. CUSHMAN submitted the following reso-
lution, which was disagreed to-
Resolved, That from and after this day this Hau.#
will meet at 11 o'clock, a. m. unhl otherwif* ©•-
dered.
On motion of Mr WILLIAMS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Offict-
and Post Jtoads be instructed to inquire into thr
. expediency of establishing a mail route from N«-rth
Haveihill, New Hampshire, by the  way  of Mr
Indoes Falls, to Littleton, in New Hampshire.
MASSACHUSET1S.
Mr. LINCOLN submitted (he following re** lu-
tion, which lies over one day, under the rule-
Resolved, That the sixtieth role of the House b¡r
amended, by adding thereto the following, to "it-
*And provided, also, That resolutions and rasmi-
lláis fro*  the Legislators of the Several Srait.%
and Tenrtorial Governments of the Union, sh t
