*Mwlftr>.n>i > ii'
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of making a grant of land to the State of Illinois to
aid in the completion of the various works of in-
ternal improvement m which said State is engaged.
Mr, SNYDER offered the following resolution,
wbueh, by the rule, lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of re-
porting a bill granting to each soldier who served
la the campaigns against the Indians in the North-
western Territory, between the years 1781 and
1796, a bounty of 320 acres of land each, to be le-
gated on any surveyed lands of the General Go-
vernment, not otherwise disposed of.
Mr. SNYDER offered the following Resolution,
which lies over one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to report a bill to provide for the repeal
of the law authorizing the payment of debentures
to vessels engaged m the fishing trade
ALABAMA.
Mr. MARTIN submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies over one day.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire as to the best mode
of disposing of the public lands within the several
States of this Union, at as early a day as the same
may be done, havmg a proper regard for the inte-
rests of the Government and the right" of the
States; and that they be instructed to report a bill
for that purpose.
Mr. LAWLER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule, lies over one day
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of granting a portion of the public lands to and
m the improvement of the navigation of the Coosa,
Bfeck Warrior, andTombeckbee rivers, in the State
of Alabama.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of providing by law for issuing patent* to those
persons who hold the equitable title to Indian reser-
vations, after the sale oí the original purchase
On motion of Mr LEWIS,
ReSohed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post íoute from Co-
lumbus, Georgia, via Glennville, to Irwin ton, in
Barbour county, Alabama; also, from Cupitah, m
Chambers county, to Tuskegee, in Macon county,
also, from Benton, in. Lowndes county, to Selma,
m Dallas, county.
Mr. LYON offered the following, which lies
over, under the rule, one day:
Resoved, That the 13th rule of the House be so
amended as to embrace the Commissioner of In-
dian. Affairs as one of the persons entitled to admis-
sion within the Hall of the House of Representa-
tives.
MISSOURI.
On motion of Mr. MILLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire mío the ex-
pediency of establishing a mail íoute from Rochc-
poit, in'Boone county, Missouri, by the way of
Connor's Mills, m Cooper county, and Pisgab, to
Versailles, seat of justice of Morgan county, in said
State, also, into the expediency of establishing a
mail route from Platlsburg, in Clinton county,
Missouri, to the Black Snake Hills, on the Missouri
river, m said State; and also, into the expediency
of establishing a mail route from Martinsville, m
Clay county, Missouri, by the way of Yellow Bluffs
and Black Snake Hills, to Elliott's Store, on the
Nodaway river, in said State
ARKANSAS
On motion of Mr. YELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of continuing the stage mad from Fay-
ettrville, Arkansas, via Osage, and Sugar Creek
post offices, Washburn Prairie, Spnngfied, Pulaskj
court house, and thence the mosl direct and practi-
cable route to Jefferson city, Missouri.
MICHIGAN.
On motion of Mr. CRARY,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to communicate to this House, a copy of the report
of the Superintendent of the Public Works at St.
Josephs, in Michigan, and at Michigan, city, in
Indiana, for the year 1837, and of the papers ac-
companying the same.
FLORIDA.
On motion of Mr. DOWNING,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
directed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to fix buoys on the bar at St.
Augustine, m the Territory of Florida.
EXECUTIVE PATRONAGE.
Mr. PATTON then rose and moved a suspension
of the nile , for the purpose of calling up the series
of «solutions submitted by him on the 19th of Fe-
biuary, with a view, he said, when they were taken
up, to make them the special order for some future
day for (heir consideration and decision.
The resolutions were lead as follows:
1. Resolved, That the power of removing execu-
tive ofheers is vested m the President of the United
States.
9 Resolved, That this power was conferred to
enable the Executive "to take care that the laws
are faithfully executed," and cannot be exercised
arbitianly or capriciously, without an abuse of
power, tyrannical m its operations, coriupungm
its tendency, and conveiting a remedy fornnworthi-
ness and misconduct into a terrible engine of Execu-
tive powei.
3. Reiolved, That the patronage of the Executive
Depaitment has met eased to an alaimmg extent,
and ought to le restucted and diminished so far as
i* compatible with a sale and faithful execution of
the laws
4 Resolved, That it is the right of the Represen-
tatives of the people to examine into all abuses and
usurpations which may be apprehended to exist in
any of the Executive Departments, in order that
they maj be corrected and prevented, if possible,
by legislation, and, m flagrant and wanton cases,
exposed and punished.
5. Revolved, That the power Of appointment and
removal from office, vested m the Executive, may
he gieatly abused, and us exercise ought, theie-
fore, to be watched and stuctly guarded, so as, if
possible, "lo picvent lhe power and patronage of
the Executive from being brought into conflict with
the freedom and ptnity of elections "
6   Resolved, Th.it the Representatives of the peo-
ple in this House have a right to inquire into the
ciuws lot which any Executive officer has been
di>m,ss( d from oiliee by the Executive
7   Rcsoh ed, That, in prosecuting such inquiry,
the House of Representatives has a right to call for
and have furnished to it all official documents,
papers, and letters, relating to the removal of such
ofiicer, which may be on file among the records of
any of the Executite departments
8   RewlveU, Tint a select committee of
members be appointed, whose duly it shall be to
inquire whether any ''honest, capable, and faith-
ful" officers have been dismissed from office, not on
grounds of error, negligence, incapacity, misconduct,
or unfitness, and, also, to consider and report whe-
tner my and what restrictions can be imposed by
lau upon Executive patronage, so as more effec-
tu illy to guard against abuse and corruption, in.
the exercise of ihp power of removal from and ap-
pointment to office
Mr PATTON asked for the yeas and nays on
tne mol ion to suspend, «huh wete ordered
Air BOON said that, before he voted, he wished
to inquire how far back the proposed inquiry was
designed to extend
Mr PATTON replied, that he desired to go back
to the beginning of the Government
The v ote was then taken, and resulted as follows
—yeas 7J, najs C6, which, not being two-thirds,
th? rules were not suspended.
Petitions and memorials were then called for in
the order of States and Territories, and were pre-
sented as follow*
MAINE.
Messrs FAIRHELD, DAVEE, and EVANS.
[Mr Fairfield presented the following petitions
upon the subject of the late duel Mark Harris
and 487 others, citizens of Portland, Me ; Charles
Sitgreaves and 38 others, citizens of Greenwich,
New Jersey, Sylvanus Higgms and 96 others, citi-
zens of Cape Elizabeth, Maine; N. Brewster and
others, of New York; Reuben K. Stetson and 82
others, citizens of Hampden, Mame; Jeremiah
Goodwin and 64 others, citizens of Alfred, Maine;
Robert Shoemaker and 115 others, citizens of the
county and city of Philadelphia, Wm. M. Boyd
and 106 others, citizens of Wiscasset, Maine; Ed-
mund Wilson and 28 other , citizens of Thomas-
ton, Mame; Samuel Fuller and 16 others, citizens
of Thomaston, Maine; John Spofford and 79 others,
citizens of East Thomaston, Mame.]
[Mr. Davee presented the petitions of Asa Smith
and 165 others, citizens of Oldtown, of Nathan
Weston, jr. and 48 others, of Orono; of William
Jameson and 38 others, of Orono, of Edward Bean
and 47 others, of Charleston; of Aaron Haynes and
45 others, of Passadumkeag—all of the State of
Mame, and on the subject of the late duel, which
were severally referred, on motion of Mr. D to the
select committee who have that subject under con-
sideration 1
MASSACHUSETTS.
Messrs. CUSHING, FLETCHER, LINCOLN,
REED, and ADAMS.
CONNECTICUT.
Mr INGHAM.
VERMONT.
Mr. EVERETT.
NEW YORK.
Messrs. McCLELLAN, JACKSON, VANDER-
VEER,   EDWARDS,   CURTIS,   FILLMORE,
SIBLEY,   LOOMIS, PECK,  DEGRAFF,   and
RUSSELL.
[Mr. DbGkakp presented the memorial of John
A. Corey and 86 other inhabitants of Saratoga
county, New York, on the subject of the late duel.
Also, of Robert Forbes and 62 other inhabitants of
Saratoga county, New York, on the subject of the
late duel ]
[Mr. McCi fllan of New Yoik presented the
petition of 100 men of Durham, Greene county,
New York, praying an investigation into the late
duel, and for the expulsion of the surviving prin-
cipal. Also, the like petition of 80 women ot the
same place, praying tor the expulsion of the sur-
viving principal, and both seconds referred to the
select committee raised by the order of the House ]
[Mr Rossi, ll presented the petition of W H
Rutland, D S. Wright, and others, of Whitehall,
m the county of Washington, and State of New
York, praying an appropriation for the «rcction of
a marine hospital at Whitehall.]
[Mr. Jackson presented the petition of Benjamin
F Wells and 206 other citizens of Suffolk county,
New York, on the subject of the late duel, which
was referred to lhe select committee on that sub-
ject Also, the remonstrance of sundry citi/ens of
Sag Harbor, New York, against the repeal of the
duties on foreign tallow and olive oil. Also, the
petition of James Sayre, of Suffolk county, New
York, praying for a pension for Revolutionary ser-
vices. Also, joint resolutions of the Legislature of
the State of New York, in relation to a survey of
the northern lakes and rivers.
[The following petition was presented by Mr.
Siblfy, of New York, on the 19th March The
petition of Asa Messer, and 149 other citizens of
the town of Seneca, in the State oí New York,
praying for the action of the House on the subject
of duelling, and for the expulsion of all those
members of the House who weie engaged in the
late duel, referred to the select committee on that
subject. Tne following petitions were presented
by Mr. Sibley on the 12th instant- Two petitions
of cili/ens of the county of Ontario, for the con-
struction of a canal around the Falls of Niagara,
of citizens of the county of Wayne, N Y for the
like object, of 137 citizens of the town of Rich-
mond, N. Y. for the rescinding of Mr Patton's
resolution, of citizens of East Bloomfield, N. Y.
for the same object, of 133 citizens of Farming-
ton, N. Y. for the same object, of Thomas Brown,
for an increase of his pension; joint resolutions of
the Legislatuie of the State of New York in rela-
tion to a survey of lakes, harbors, etc ]
NEW JERSEY.
Mr. RANDOLPH.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Messrs. POTTS, HENRY, McCLURE, NAY-
