254
CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
any such vote as that represented in the Globe.
la order to meet the evidence fully, he would call
for the reading of the journal, to which the article
in the Globe referred. The journal was accord-
ingly read by the Clerk, as follows:
"The House resumed the consideration of the
bill (No. 563) regulating the deposite of the money
of the united States in certain local banks. The
question recurred on ths motion made by Mr. Ro-
bertson, that the said bill be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means, With instructions
so to amend the same as to dispense with the
agency or instrumentality of bank's in ths fiscal
opeiations of the Government. And aitei debate,
the question was put on the motion made by Mi.
Robertson for the recommitment of the bill, and
it was decided m the negative—yeas 91, nays
115. 
Mr. H. said the journal might perhaps be con-
sidered as sustaining thp view taken by the Globe,
but he should show that the journal, if it bore such
a construction, was erroneous. The fact was, no
vote whatever was token on the instructions moved
by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Robertson,]
but the vote which is recoided on the journal was
taken on the naked question of recommitting the
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means—no vete
whatever having been taken on the insli-uctions.
Before the vote on Mi. Robertson's pioposition
was put, Mr. Fillmore of New York required, as
any member, by the rules of the House, had a
right to do, that the question of commitment should
be separated from ihe question of instructions; and
the question being divided, the votes for com-
mitment were—ayes 91, noes 115, the 91 ayes
being the same gentlemen whose names are given
m the Globe. The motion to commit being lost,
no question could possibly be put on the mstiuc-
tions. In proof of the facts thus staled, Mr. H. read
extiacts from the three daily papers then published
in Washington, giving an account oi the proceed-
ings of that day. The extracts weie as follow :
Extract from the Globe of Feb. 12, 1833.
The question being on Mr. Robertson's motion
to recommit the (deposite) bill to the Committee ot
Ways and Means with instructions, &c Mr.
Fillmore asked for a division of the question to
lecommit with instructions. The question was
then taken by yeas and nays, which had been pre-
viously ordered, on the motion to leeommit the bill,
and decided in the negative—ayes ')1, nays 115.
Extract pom the Telc&tuph of l\u  12, 1835.
Mr. Fillmore called lor a division oí the ques-
tion, and which having been put on that part of the
motion, viz: "to recommit the bill," the motion
was rejected—yeas 91, nays 115.
Extract from the Intelligencer of Feb. 12, 1835.
Mr. Fillmore now demanded a division of the
question, and it was accordingly pu!, first simply
on recommitment, and decided by yeas and nays,
as follows, vu: yeas 91, nays 115, so the House
lefuscd to recommit the bill.
Mr. HALL said he had called Ihe attention of
the Cleik oí the House to this -ubject, who, on ex-
amination, had a&ceitained that a menioianduui of
the faet of Mr. Fillmori; requiring a division
had been entered on the minute books, kept at the
Clerk's desk on that day; but that, by midveiletice,
a notice of the division was omuted to be inserted,
;n writing out the journal The facts hi nownated
would appear from a coirespondence he had held
with the Clerk, which was now read, as follows-
Housy of RtPRE>ir\TAri\Es Umt^d States,
December 19,  1837.
Sir- I have received your communication of !his
day's date. I handed it over for answei to Mr
Burch, the chief clerk of my office, who wines up
the journal of the House That answer I here-
with enclose; and am, with the most perfect inspect
arid esteem,
Your obedient servant,
W. S FRANKLIN,
Clerk House of Reps. United Slate,
Hon IIiland Hall,
House of Reps. Uniled Slates
Office House of Rei>=. U S.
December 19, 1837.
Sir: In answer to the letter oí the Hon. Hiland
Hall, of this dale, addressed to you, and which you
have referred to me, in which he states that "it ap-
pears from the printed journal of the House, of
February 11, 1835, the bill regulating the deposite
of the money of the United States in certain loeal
banks, bsmg under consideration—that a question
was taken on the motion of Mr. Robertson, that the
said bill be recommitted to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with instructions so to amend the
same as to dispense with the agency of banks; and
that on the question to recommit with such in-
stiuctions—the yeas were 91, nays 115," and sug-
gesting that there is some error m the printed jour-
nal as he is confident he did not give such a vote,
I make the following evplanatory stated.
I have referred to ihe printed journal of the 11th
of February, 1835, and find it stated that the House
resumed the consideration of the bill mentioned by
Mr. Hall, and that the question recuned on the
motion by Mr. Robertson on the pieceding day,
that the bill be «committed to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with the instructions so lo
amend the same as io dispense with the agency or
instrumentality of banks in the fiscal operations of
the Government, and that the question was put on
the motion ioi the "recommitment of the bill," and
was decided as Mi Hail has stated—yeas 91,
íuys 115 The entiy does not show, as is mentioned
in Mi. Hail's let'er, that the instructions were in-
volved in ihe vote, nor was it intended to show it.
I have, also, i eferred to the short notes or mi-
nutes taken by you at the table in the House.
From these it appeals that immediately previous
to the putting the question, Mr. Fillmore of New
York called lor a division, so as that the question
be pot separately on reeommltting, and on the ¡ -
sh Mttons.
Mr. Fir lmoue's call for the division is not stated
on tht pruned journal; but then it is distinctly sta-
ted th.it ihe question was on recommitment- that
question lading, the irparate question on the in-
structions could not, consequently, be put.
The only error, it crroi it is, is in the omission
lo set forth Mi. FiLtmow's call for the division.
This n sometimes <i<ine, as the entries themselves
commonly show the fact that a question had been
divided, in ihe piesent else, the question is ex-
picily stated lo have been on the lecommitmcnt:
ü ihe question had involved more than the recom-
iniluii nt, the culi </ Mould have gone on to have
said tilth the im,h)irttons njoyewid If the question
on tne uciiiniiiitinent had boon decided in the af-
firmative, instead ol the negative, the question
would then have been, of coiuse, put on the m-
stiactions, which would have made it apparent
that the question had been divided. In writing up
the journal, often at a hlu hour at night, the elif-
feient views which it seems, now, may be taken of
the subject, did not occut tome, and hence, to save
whit 1 then deemed superfluous writing, the omis-
sion lo enter th  call Joi the division oi the ques-
tion.              With iinuh respect, ¡>n,
Your obedient servant,
(¡signed 1                  S. BURCH.
Col     WlLH.K  •■>.   FillMtllV,
Link Jlouse nf Jteps.  United hlules.
Mr. II did not wish to be understood as in-
tending to cast the slightest imputation on the
cleik. He had no doubt whatever that the omis-
sion wis unintentional, and the explanation of the
('cik was perfectly satisfactory No> did he wish
tube inisundeiaood in anv other particular. In
making tins explanation of his own vote, he
did notrrean to intimate an opinion, ihat if, on the
occasion refere J, to, he had voted to recommit the
bill, v, iih the instructions, that it would necessanly
follow he was m favor of passing a bill m con-
formity with tht mstiuctKns. On the contrary, he
I new that it was a legitimate and parliamentary
mode of mak'ng r pposition to a measure, to en-
deavor lo amend it in such manner that it would
lose the support of its original fri-md-., and become
unsatisfactory to all sides ot theHm e. He might
have sriven such v te, though opposed to a bill ot
the character specified in the mstiuctions, as the
most effectual means of defeating the bill then un-
dei consideration. And there were doubtless other
grounds on which a vote on a collateial question of
this description might be given, without any inten-
tion of supporting the bill, when it had assumed its
amended form. But he would not dwell on this
matter.
Mr. H. said it was not his intention to occupy
the time of the House in commenting on the
evidence he had introduced to show the falsity of
the statement in the Globe, He Had shown, hé
trusted, to the entire satisfaction of the Hoflse, that
m giving his vote on the 11th of February, 1835, in
favor of recommitting a bill to which he was op-'
posed, to the committee which had reported it, the
question being, simply, " shall the bill be recom-
mitted?" he had not voted, as had been represented
in that paper, " m favor of dispensing with the
agency of banks in the fiscal operations of the Go-
vernment" in fact had not voted at all on that
question, and for one of the best reasons m the
world, that no such question had been put. The ob-
ject he had in view being thus answered, he would
detain the House no longer.
ALABAMA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. CHAPMAN, on leave, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of paying
the late Governor of Alabama and his staff, for the
time they were actually engaged in obtaining, or-
ganizing, mustering, and marching volunteers, du- >
ring the year 1836, in consequence of the distur-
bances with the Creek Indians, and for expenses in-
curred in that service.
Reports frsrn standing committees were then
called for.
WATS AND  MEANS.
Mr. CAMBRELENG stated that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means had received certain docu-
ments from the War Department, in relation to the
expenditures of the State of New York, on the
Canada frontier, and he moved their reference to
the Committee on Military Affairs} which was
agreed to.
Mr. CAMBRELENG reported a bill to atttho- 
rúe the issuing of Treasury notes, [not to issue
more than f 10,000,000, m not more than for $100
each, at not more than 6 per cent, pei annum, to be
íedeemed within two years.]
At the request of Mr. BOND the bill was read at
lenth.
Mr CAMBRELENG stated that it was accom-
panied by a report, setting forth the necessity of the
bill.
Mr. SERGEANT presented a counter report,
containing the views of the minority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means on the Inelependent
Treasury bill. He said it might be proper to state
that it had not been submitted to the majority, but
had been made in pursuance of an understanding
in the committee.
Mr. CAMBRELENG remarked, that as the
gentleman's explanation might not be understood,
it was proper to state that the minority report had
not been seen by a single member of the majority.
Mr. RIVES moved that 10,000 extra copies of
the reports of the majority and minority be printed;
which was agreed to.
revolutionary claims.
Mr. UNDERWOOD reported a bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of Daniel Williams,
deceased.
Also, albill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Nathaniel Irish.
INDIAN  AFFAIRs.
Mr- PARKER reported a bill ior the relief oí Jo-
seph Dukes.
REVOLUTIONARY  PENSIONS.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Connecticut reported a
bill for the relief of William Ferguson.
Mr. EWING reported a bill for the relief of
Jacob Miller.
ROADS -IND CANALS.
Mr. MERCER reported a bill to provide for the
construction of the Cumberland road through the
towns of Louisburg and Salem, in the State of Ohio;
which was read twice, and ordered to be, engrossed
for a third reading to-morrow.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CHAPMAN reported Senate bill, without
amendment, to establish an additional office in the
State of Alabama, which Mr. C. moved at first to
