258
Mr. BELL considered that this matter of
placing this fund in the Treasury was a mere sham,
and that in fact a very small proportion of the
money of that Department was ever placed there.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio said, if the gentle-
man from Tennessee would refer to the report of
the Postmaster General acepmpanying the Presi-
dent's Message, he would there find how this mo-
ney was placed in the Treasury, and he would
there see that a very small proportion of it ever
went there. In consequence of the great difficulty
and expense of having the funds of that Depart •
ment transported to Washington, and placed in the
Treasury, and then sent to the places where they were
needed, a system was adopted of keeping the mo-
ney in the bands of postmasters and of banks until ■
it was needed, and then paying it out from those
banks; and this was, perhaps, the best system
which could be adopted. But he found one objec-
tion to the manner in which the Postmaster Gene-
ral kept this money, and that was this: that where
he had a surplus fund, he ought to place that
amount of money in bank f,to the credit of the
Treasurer of the United States, instead of keeping
it to his own credit, as was the case now. It ap-
peared, from the report of that officer, that, at the
end of the year, he had some hundreds of thousands
of dollars of a surplus, and that money was in
banks to his credit, and in the hands of postmasters;
whereas, ia his opinion, it ought to be placed m
banks to the credit of the Treasurer of the United
States. This thing he looked upon as an evil, and
hoped it might be remedied.
Mr. CONNOR said we had heard a great deal
about this money never being placed in the Trea-
sury, and perhaps the cause of it was that we
never had any Treasury to put it in. He trusted,
however, that we would shortly havs-such a Trea-
sury. But the money of the Post Office Depart-
ment was placed in the Treasury just in the samo
manner that all other money of the Government
was put in the Treasury. Ail the funds have in fact
jo pass through the Treasury of the United States,
because the Postmaster General docs not draw a
single draft for five dollars but by sending it to the
Treasury Department, and having the signature of
the Treasurer thereto. This was the manner in
which the money passed through the Treasury, and
this was the only way that it could be managed
without the greatest inconvenience and loss. He
trusted, therefore, it would not herealter be said that
this money never went into the Treasury, when it
went there in the very manner provided for by the
i aw of 183C.
Mr. HAYNES said it was due to the honorable
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Whittlesey,] and to
himself, a.-, well as to the Postmaster General, to ,
explain a remark made by him yesterday in refei-
ence to the compensation to clerks in tho post of-
fices throughout the United States. Called some-
what unexpectedly into the discussion, lie had then
said that he!thought it probable that, inconsequence
of the passage of the act of July, J83G, reorganiz-
ing the Post Office Department, it might have hap-
pened, that in preparing the detailed estimate of ap-
propriation for the service of the year to commence
on the firs! of July next, the Postmaster General
had discovered that clerks had been employed in
offices not entitled to them. He had since looked
into the matter, and ascertained that there were but
about fifty post offices, he believed the precise num-
ber was frfty-one, at which clerks had been employed,
and he believed they were all such as, by the amount
of compensation to the postmasters, allowed the
employment of clerks. He had a rough estimate
of the aggregate amount which had been disbursed
within the last post office year among all the clerks
in the fifty-one offices, and found it to be a gross
sum of about $175,000; so that the appropri-
ation proposed in the bill would reduce the expen-
diture in this branch of the service about thirty-five
thousand dollars.
He said he would now proceed to the subject im-
mediately before the House. When it is considered
that the thoughts and feelings of men are as diversi-
fied as their features, it cannot be a cause of sur-
prise that we have heard such a variety of interpre-
tations of the act of July, 1836, for the reorganiza-
tion of the Post Office Department.    By applying
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the well-known rule of construction to that act, the
rule which requires such an interpretation of a sta 
tute as shall give effect and operation to all its
parts, he did not think it would be difficult to recon-
cile the contrariety of opinions which had been ex-
pressed upon the meaning of that act. By the first
section, all moneys arising from collections under
the administration of the Post Office Department,
are required to be placed in the Treasury of the
United States. By the second section, it is provi-
ded that disbursements shall be made under the
specific heads embraced in the amendment now
under consideration.
By the third section it is required "that the ag-
gregate sum required for the service of the Post
Office Department," in each year, shall be appro-
priated out of the revenue of the Department, and
that all payments of the receipts into the Treasury,
shall be to the credit of the said appropriation.
The obvious import of this section is, th?t the
appropriation for the service of the Post Office De-
partment shall be made in an "aggregate sum,"
and that the Treasury shall open a single account
with it as su«h, as has been well said by the hono-
rable chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, |Mr. Cambrei.eng.] By any other con-
struction of the act of July, 1836, already referred
to, the third section would be entirely ineffective
and nugatory, when to the Treasury Department it
is direct and imperative in its plainest intent
and meaning. The opposite construction of
the act referred to, must have been erroneously
drawn from those portions of the second and twen-
ty-third sections, requiring the Postmaster General
to make to Congress an annual report "of the
amounts actually expended" under the specific
heads therein set forth.
It must be obvious, that upon a fair comparison,
neither the second nor twenty-third section conflicts
in any respect with the provisions of the third, and
that they are entirely consistent with the view
whichhe had presented.
In the discussion upon the amendment now un-
der consideration, it had been treated as a proposi-
tion to make a gross appropriation without any
specification whatever. This is not so, for as much
as it specifies every head of disbursement autho-
rized by the act of July, 1836.
It is, therefore, a specific proposition, but not
specific as the amendment adopted by the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the State of the Union, as it
does not set apart and define the precise sum to be
expended under each separate head. But how
could the appropriation be made more specific,
without endangering the operations of a Depart-
ment so subject to constant change and extension
as the Post Office Department is so well known to
be, in all its branches of expenditure'?
Thii inconvenience and embarrassment can only
be prevented, by entrusting the head of that De-
partment with an extent of discretionary power,
which it would be manifestly improper to confide
to any other department of the Government.
It may well be a question in what mode such dis-
cretionary power may be most safely, and, at the
same time, most conveniently, confided. In the
amendment under consideration, not only is the
act of 1836 complied with, but the necessary dis-
cretion conferred in a manner most consistent with
the operations of the department. The appropria-
tion might be made with the specifications con-
tained in the original amendment, coupled with an
aggregate sum for contingencies, according as the
expenditure under either specification may ovsrrun
the sum specially appropriated; or authority might
be conferred on the Postmaster General to make
transfers from one head of appropriation to another,
as the exigencies of the public service may require;
but either mode would confer upon that officer an
equal measure of discretion. But as the mode
proposed in the amendment was, in his opinion,
the most convenient, and, at the same time,
in strict conformity to the provisions of the act
of 1836, it had his decided preference. He was
sure that all the advantage to be expected from
the most specific form of appropriation which
could be devised, would be secured by that require-
ment of the act of 1836, which makes it the duty
of the Postmaster General  to give an annual ac-
count of his disbursements under each head spe-
cified in that act.
Mr. ROBERTSON wished the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to furnish the
House with the specifications of the item for con-
tingent or misceilanous expenditures, because, if
that gentlemen could not do s«, Mr. R. should move
to strike it out.
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied that the gentleman
himself must be aware, that when the Departments
estimated for contingencies, it was because they
could not specify the items; and if they could not,
how could it be expected that the Committee of
Ways and Means could do so?
To meet the objection of the gentleman from
Indiana. Mr. C. modified his amendment, by
striking from it the word "each."
Mr. ROBERTSON said then, as the gentleman
could furnish no explanation, he moved to strike
out the item for miscellaneous expsnses.
The CHAIR staled that the amendment was not
then in order.
Mr. HARLAN drew the attention of the gen-
tleman to the fact that eight more elerks were em-
ployed in the .Post Office Department, than were
authorized by the law of 1836.
Mr. ROBERTSON did not know whether that
extra clerk hire covered this miscellaneous item or
not.
Mr. McKA Y referred to a subsequent law, pass-
ed last session, authorizing the appointment of an
additional number of clerks for the office of the
Auditor, and that of the,Postmaster General. Mr.
McK. was as anxious as any other gentleman to
make the appropriations for this Department spe-
cific, if the same authority to make transfers, from
one head of expenditures to another, that was pos-
sessed by the Heads of the other Departments; but
this was expressly prohibited, or not given, by the
law of 1836.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas, and nays on
Mr. Cambreleng's amendment; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 64, nays 66.
So the amendment was rejected; and the question
recurring on the amendment of the Committee of
the Whole,
Mr. ROBERTSON moved to strike out the item
for miscellaneous expenses: lost.
The original amendment was then concurred in.
Mr. CAMBRELENG then rose and expressed
a hope that the House would order this bill to be
engrossed to night, and, as the Committee of Ways
and Means would, it being the long session, report
a supplementary bill, gentlemen who had amend-
ments to offer he hoped would defer doing so till
that bill came up.
Mr. RARIDEN then moved to recommit the
bill to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, with instruotious to increase the appro-
priation for the contingent expenses of the House
irom #225,000 to $273,960, [so as to embrace the
books distributed to the members.]
On taking the question, it resulted as follows:
ayes 61, noes 58—no quorum.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said as this motion, if it
prevailed, would postpone the bill for two months,
it was desirable to have a fiill House; and he there-
fore moved a call of the House.
Mr. BRONSON inquired what the gentleman
meant by saying the bill would be postponed for
two months, if this amendment shsuld be adopted?
Mr. CAMBRELENG replied, because the Se-
nate never had concurred in that amendment; and,
in all probability, never would.    <
The motion for a call of the House was disa-
greed to.
-   Mr. BOND then asked for the yeas and nays on
Mr. Rariden's motion; which were ordered.
Mr. CAMBRELENG said, as this was a ques-
tion involving the delay of this important bill, he
moved the House adjourn, but withdrew it at the
request of Mr. BELÍ , who, on leave, submitted
the following resolution, which* was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury re-
port to this House, at ás early a day as may be
found practicable, the amount of Tieasury notes
issued under the authority of the act of the last
session of Congress, and the amount of the same
which has been receiyed.in payment of the public
