__________CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE._______________________259
dues up to this time; also the amount of moneys
received on account of the customs, and the public
lands, during the last quarter of the year 1837, and
during the first quarter of the present year, so far
as the quarterly returns, or other information in pos-
session of the Department, may show; also, what
amount of moneys, of every description, available
for the public service, now in the Treasury, or in
the hands of receivers, liable to draft, and at what
points deposited.
Mr. BELL then renewed the motion to adjourn,
and, it prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, March 24,1838
Mr RUGGLES presented the petition of sundry
inhabitants of Maine, relat ng to the improvement
of Penobscot Bay: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr MEHRICK prese ited the memorial of a ci-
tizen of Baltimore, praying the patronage of Con-
gress for an improved steam engine which is, not
liable to explosion, which, on motion of Mr. M.
was referred to a select comía ttee of five, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair.
The following bills were severally read the third
time and passed.
The bill for the relief ue Ann S. Heileman;
The bill granting half pay and pensions to cer-
tain widows; and
The bill for the relief of James J. Patterson.
Tne report ot the Committee of Commerce unfa-
vorable to the petition ot the executor ot J. Wil-
liam*, was cons.idi.red and concurred in.
The bill for the íelief of Sutton Stephen was
taken up, and alter some ii-marks, from Messrs.
CL-VY ot Alabama, and W HITE, was, on the mo-
tion of the laner, ]<<id on the table.
Thp ful'o vtnz bills were severally read the se-
cond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Wnole, and orden d to a thud reading:
The bill lor the relief of Obed P. Lacy, of Mi-
chigan;
The bill t< rthe relief of the legal representatives
of Thus  W. Bacot, of Charleston, South Carolina,
The bill for the relief of Daniel Davis, and
The bill for the relief of Hannah Budlong.
The bill for the relief of William Baily, survivor
of Baily and Long; and
The bill for the relief of Bohtha Laws, were se-
verally taken up on their second readings, and, on
motion oí Mr  flUBBARD, indefinitely postponed.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The Senate then resumed the consideration of
the Independent Treasury bi'l, and alter a debate
in which Messrs SOUTHARD, WALL,TIPTON,
and CLAY took pan,
Mr KING moved to amend the 23d section of
the bill, (giadually prohibiting the Government
from leteivmg banks notes at all,) bv placing the
b ginning of this gradual process m 1H39, instead
of 1838, simply delaying the process one year
This amendment was cained by the following
vote
YEAS—Messrs.. Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Cuthbcrt, Fult. n, Gundy, Hubbard, King, Knight,
Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, McKean, Merru k, Mou-
tm, Nicholas, Niies, Nurvell, Pierce, Piemos,
Preston, Roane, Robbms, Robmson, Ruggles, Se-
vipr Smith of Indiana, Southard, Strange, Swift,
Tallmadge, Tipton, Trotter, Walker, Wall, White,
Wnliams, Wright, and Young—42.
NAYS—Messrs. A'len, Bayard, Benton, Crit-
tenden, Da-ws, Morris, Smith of Connecticut,
Sp  nee, and Webster—9.
The question was then taken on Mr. Ccthbert's
mot on to strike out the 23d section, and it was ear-
ned—yeas 31, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Buchanan, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis,
Pulton, Grundy, Knight, McKean, Merrick, Mor-
ns, Nicholas, Prentiss, Pierfon, Rives, Robbms,
Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Spence, Swift, TaUnaadge, Ttpton, Wall,
Webster, White, and Williams—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Hubbard. King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Niles, Norvell, Pierce,
Roane, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Trotter,
Walker, Wright, and Young—21.
Mr. TIPTON then offered the following, as an
amendment, to come in as the 23d section:
And be %l further enacted. That the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he hereby is, required and
directed to adopt such measures as he may deem
necessary to cause, as soon as may be, all duties,
tases, debts, or sums of money accruing or becom-
ing payable to the United Stales, upon the sales
of public lands or otherwise, to be collected and
paid in the legal currency of the United States,
or in Treasury notes, as by law provided and de-
clared, or in nol«s of banks which are payable,
and paid on demand, in the said legal currency of
the United States. No such duties, taxes, or sums
of money accruing or becoming payable to the
United States, as aforesaid, ought to be collected
or received otherwise than in the legal currency of
the United States, or in Treasury notes, or in notes
of banks which are payable and paid on demand,
in the said legal currency of the United States.
Atter a debate, m which the amendment was
supported by Messrs TIPTON and RIVES, and
opposed by Messrs. BUCHANAN, SEVIER
BENTON, and WALKER, the question was
taken on Mr Tipion's motion, and it was re-
acted—jeas 22, nays 30, as follows'
YEAS—Messrs. Bayaid, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayion, Crutenden, Davis, Knight, McKean,
Merrick, Nicholas, Premiss, Preston, Rives, Rob-
bms, Ruggles, Smith ot Indiana, Southard, Spence,
Swift, TiUmadge, Tipton, Webster,and White—22.
NAYS—Mes<rs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton,
Giundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, |
Morris, Mouion. Nilts, JNonell, Pieioe, Roane,
Roumson, Seviei, Smith of Connect cut, S range,
Turner, Walker, Wall, Wiluanr-, Wright, and
Young—30.
Mi WEBSTER then submitted an amendment
in lieu of the 23d section, which was stricken out,
providing that it shall not be lawful for the Se< re-
latyof theTiea. ury to make, or continue in ¡orce,
any general order which shall make any difference
as to the mone) or medium of payment m whith
the debis or dues to the Government, accruing m
either brant-h of the revenue, may be paid or dis-
charged.
Alter some remark:, from Messrs. BENTON,
CALI 10U\,WEBSTER, WALKER, and KING,
Mr BENTON moved to amend the amendment
of Mr. WfBSTER, bv adding the following
"Nor shall there be any difference as to the cre-
dit or time of payment which shall be allowed be-
tween the sales of public lands and the payment of
duiif s on imports, or in the kind of secur'ty which
shall be required "
After some remarks from Messr*- BENTON,
KING, and BUCHANAN,
Mr YOUNG suggested a modification of Mr.
Benton's motion, which was accepted by the lat-
ter, as follows:
"Provided that the amount receivabla m pay-
ment of the customs, and all other public dues,
shall be paid in cash, as m the case of the sales ot
the public lands."
Alter some remarks from Messrs BENTON,
WALKER, BUCHANAN, and DAVIS,
The question was taken on Mr Bínton's mo-
tion as modified by Mr. \ od.ng, and it was re-
jected—yeas 8, nays 43, ai follow?
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Linn, Morns, Niles,
Norvell, Pierce, Smith of Conn, and Young—8
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, Knight, Lumpkin, Lyon,
McKean, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas, Prentiss,
Preston, Rives, Roane, Robbins, Robinson, Rug-
gles, Sevier, Smith ot Indiana, Southard, Spence,
Strange, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton, Trotter, Wal-
ker, Wall, Webster, White, Williams, and Wright
—43.
The question was next taken on Mr. Webster's
motion, and it was earned—yeas 37, nays 14, as
follows.
YEAS—Messrs    Bayard, Brown,  Buchanan,
Clay of Alab?ma, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Fulton, Grundy, King, Knight,
Lyon, McKean, Merrick, Nicholas,Norvell, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Rives, Robbms, Robinson, Ruggles,
Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sptnce, Swift,
Tallmadge, Tipton, Trotter, Walker, Webster,
White, William*, and Young—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Cuth-
bert, Hubbard, Linn, Lumpkin, Morris, Niles,
Pierce, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Wall, and
Wright—14.
After some remarks from Mr. CALHOUN, the
question was taken en ordering the bill to be en-
grossed, as amended, for a third reading, and it was
dechded m the affirmative—yeas 27, nays 25, as
folows-
YE AS—Messis. Allen, Benton, Brown, Clay of
Alabama, Cuthbeit, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Lyon, Morris, Mouton, Niles, Norvell,
Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Con-
necticut, Strange, Trotter, Walker, Wall, Wil-
liams, Wnght, and Young—27.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Ky Clayion, Crittenden, Davis, Grundy,
Knight, McKean, Merrick, Nicholas, Prentiss',
Preston, Rives, Robbims, Ruggles, Smith of Indi-
ana, Southard, Spence, Swift, Tallmadge, Tipton,
Webster, and White—25.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, March 26, 1838.
Petitions and memorials being  the business of
the day, were called for in the order of Territories
and States, and were presented as follows, viz- from
WISCONSIN.
Mr JONES.
[Mr Jonbs presented petitions praymg for the
eo is ruction of a harbor at Milnaukie, Wis. Ter.
"oi the passage of a pre-emption la  to occupants
of the public lands, for a grant of land to improve
the navigation ot Vox river, lor a mail route A
petition praying a grant of land for the use of the
Plulandrian college, in Wisconsin Territory A
petition praying for 'he establishment of a post
route. A petition praying fo> a grant of land to
improve the Fox river. A resolution of the eiti-
zens of the to«n of Dubuque, on the subject of the
establishment of certain post routes in Wisconsin.
Territory ]
FLORIDA.
Mi. DOWNING.
MICHIGAN.
Mr. CRARY.
[Mr «""bary presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Michigan, for a donation of land for
the eons'ruetion of a ship canal around the falls of
Si Mary, with a survey of the same, by John
Almv, esq Also, certain papers m relation to the
harbor at the month of the Clinton nver and the
mouth of the St. Clair river.]
ILLINOIS.
Messrs. SNYDER and CASEY.
[Mr. Snyder presented the petitions of Isaac
Miller and Philip Catner, of Union county, III.
praying Congress to authorize them to relocate two
tracts of ¡ana entered by mistake ]
[Mi. Casey presented a claim in favor of John
F Draper, postmaster at Salem, 111. stating that the
mail arrives and riepaite at that place sixty times
per week, and that his compensation as postmaster
amounts to nine dollars per quarter, and asks a rea-
sonable compensation for his services referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.]
OHIO.
Messrs MORRIS, WHITTLESEY, HARPER,
BOND, WEBSTER, K1LGORE, LEADBET-
TER, and G0ODE.
[Mr. Webster presented the petition of the trus-
tees ot Oxford township, praying Congress to grant
the township a section for the support of common
schools, in lieu of section sixteen, granted by
Congress to Miami University.]
[Mr. Harper presented the petition ol the Bey.
Win. H. Beecher, and 125 other cittzeas ot the
county of Muskingum, Ohio, in relation to the late
duel Í
