260
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TENNESSEE.
Messrs. Speaker POLK, STONE, C. H. WIL-
LIAMS, CAMPBELL and TURNEY.
GEORGIA.
Mr. DAWSON.
VIRGINIA.
Messrs. MASON, JOHNSON, MORGAN,
STEWART, DROMGOOLE, ROBERTSON,
HOPKINS and MERCER.
[Mr. Johnson  presented a petition from sundry
citizens of Wood and Lewis counties, Virginia,
praying for the establishment of a post route.]
MARYLAND.
Messrs. WORTHINGTON and HOWARD.
DELAWARE.
Mr. MILLIGAN.
PENNSYLVANIA.
Messrs. McCLURE, KEIM, PLUMER, HEN-
RY, WAGENER, NAYLOR, MATTHIAS
MORRIS, SERGEANT, SHEFFER, TOLAND,
POTTER, and HAMMOND.
[Mr. Kkim presented a petition of sundry citi-
zens of Liliz, Lancaster covmty, Pa. praying an
investigation into the cause of the late duel; which,
on motion, was referred to the select committee on
that subject.]
[Mr. Henry presented the petition of 122 citi-
zens of Beaver and Mercer counties, Pa. praying
for an investigation into the matter of the late duel
that resulted in the death of the Hon. J. H. Cil-
ley, and that measures may be taken to prevent
the murderous practice of duelling in future; and,
on motion, it was referred to the special committee
on that subject. Also, a petition of 56 citizens of
Mercer county, on the same subject: referred to the
same committee. Also, the petition of the heirs
of Hugh Mearns, deceased, who was an ensign in ■■
the Pennsylvania line in the Revolutionary war,
praying for commutation under the resolves of
Congress: on motion, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.]
[Mr. Hammond presented a petition in favor of
the establishment of a mail route from Caledonia,
in Clearfield county, Pa. through part of Lycom-
ing county, to Coudersport, in Potter county: re-
ferred to the Committee on tho Post Office and Post
Roads. Also, the petition of Elizabeth Weitzel,
of Sunbury, Pa. widow of John Weitzel, deceased,
for aid on account of services rendered during the
Revolutionary war: referred to the Committee "of
Revolutionary Claims. Also, the proceedings of
a meeting, and a memorial from citizens of Lew-
ihburg, Pa. on the subject of the late duel: referred
to the select committee on that subject ]
[Mr. Matiuas Morris presented the petition of
Caleb Clothier and 33 olhers, citizens of the city
and county of Plnailelph i.i, asking Congress not
to admit any new State into the Union, whose con-
stitution tolerates slavery.]
[Mr. SiiF.PFER. presented the memorial of James
Wilson, and one hundred and one other citizens of
Franklin connty, Pennsylvania, praying for an in-
vestigation of the late duel which resulted in the
death of the Hon. Jonathan Cilley, late a member
of the House of Representatives, and that efficient
means may bo adopted to put a stop in future to
such a murderous practice; which, on motion of
Mr. Sheffer, was referred to the select com-
mittee to which that subject is referred.]
[Mr. McClüre presented the memorial of a
number of citizens, inhabitants of Ickesburg, in the
county of Perry, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to investigate the late duel, and adopt such mea-
sures relative to those concerned in it as the offended
dignity of the country demands: referred to the
select committee on that subject. Also, certain '
documents relative to a post route from Mexico to
Waterford, in Juniata county, Pennsylvania : re
ferrcd to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. Also, moved the reference to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims of the peti-
tion and documents of John Smith, a soldier of the
Revolution; which was agreed to.]
[Mr. Potter presented the following memorials
and petitions: Memorials of the citizens of Hol-
lidaysburg, on the subject of the selection of a site
for the national foundry. Also, memorials on the
subject of prohibiting duelling in the District of
Columbia.   AJso, several petitions from citizens of
Huntingdon co., against the annexation of Texas.
Also, the memorial of John Hasson, and 152
others, citizens ®f Centre county, for a law to pro-
hibit duelling within the District of Columbia:
referred to the select committee on the subject.]
NEW JERSEY
Messrs. HALSTEAD, RANDOLPH, STRAT-
TON, and AYCRIGG.
NEW YORK.
Messrs. CAMERELENG, GRANT, BIRD-
SALL, DE GRAFF, RUSSELL, PRENTISS,
SPENCER, FILLMORE, MARVIN, BROD-
HEAB, MITCHELL, BICKNELL, JONES,
ANDREWS, VANDERVEER, HOFFMAN,
SIBLEY, FOSTER, GALLUP, PATTERSON,
and CHILDS.
[Mr. Grant presented the petition of 61 inhabi-
tants of the town of Richland, Oswego county, New
York, praying an inquiry into the expediency of
repairing and arming the military positions at Os-
wego village: which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.]
[Mr. Spence presented the memorial of Luther
Stark and 164 other citizens of the town of Fort
Covington, State of New York, praying for the ex-
pulsion of certain members of this House who
were concerned in the tragical death of the Hon.
Jonathan Cilley, late a member of this House
from the State of Maine, giving their reasons in
detail why their prayer ought to be granted. Also,
one other, of Otis Young and 66 other citizens of
the city of Pittsburg, in the State of Pennsylvania,
on the same subject: referred to the select com-
mittee on that subject.]
[Mr. N. Jones presented the resolutions of the
citizens of Cornwall, in the State of New York,
praying Congress to enact such laws as shall here-
after prevent, as far as possible, the practice of
duelling by members of their own bsidy, or by the
citizens of Washington. Also, the proceedings
and resolutions of a large meetiisg of the citizens of
Newburg 3nd its vicinity, in the State of New
York, m reference to the late duel near the city of
Washington, praying Congress to enact proper
penal ordinances against principals, seconds, and
abettors in duels originating within the District of
Columbia.]
[Mr. Biohnell presented a petition to establish
a post route from Norwich, Chenango county,
New York, through Smyrna, Earlville, Poolville,
East Hamilton, North Brookfield, Sangcrfield Cen-
tre to Waterville, Oneida county. Also, the pro-
ceedings of a large and respectable meeting of the
citizens of Madison county, convened at Canastota,
expressing their opinion relative to the late duel,
and praying Congress to expel all concerned in
that transaction.]
[Mr. Birdsai.l presented the proceedings of a
public meeting of the inhabitants of the Souih Jury
district of Seneca county, New York, without dis-
tinction of party, held at the court-house in that
district, on the 13th day of March, 1838, of which
the Hon. Jonas Seely was chairman, Henry
Limpson, William T. Johnson, John Kelley, Geo.
C. Beach, and Henry Schooley, esqrs. were vice-
presidents; and the Hon. William Thompson and
Maj. Gen. Himrod were secretaries; called for the
purpose of taking into consideration the duel be-
tween the late Mr. Cilley and Mr. Graves, andex-
pressing their sentiments thereon; which, on motion
of Mr. B. was referred to the select committee hav-
ing that subject under consideration. Mr. B. also
presented the memorial of Jared Van Vleet and
others, inhabitants of Seneca county, New York,
praying the interposition of Congress in reference
to the late duel between Mr. ¿Cilley and Graves;
which, on motion of Mr. B. was referred to the se-
lect committee having that subject before it.]
[Mr. Brodhead presented the proceedings and
resolutions of a meeting of a large number of ci-
tizens of the town of Bloomingburg, in the county
of Sullivan, New York, against the practice of
duelling: Also, a petition from said county, pray-
ing that a law may be passed to vacate the seats
of any members of the House of Congress that
may be engaged in any duel, directly or indirectly,
hereafter.]
[Mr. Andrews presented the petition of A. S.
Palmer and others, asking the expulsive from this
House, of the persons engaged in the late duel.
Also, the petition of John Moore of. Steuben county,
N. Y. for an increase of psnsion.]
[Mr. DeGraff presented the memorials of Ichiel
J. Miller, 405 others; Ezra Willson, 140 others;
Wm. H. Satterbe, 44 others; - Moses Haynes, 86
others; Stephen Vernan, 85 others; Seth Whalen,
105 others; Henry E. Barrett, 99 olhers; Seth W.
Higgins, 45 others; Solomon Brown, 75 others;
James G. Stebbins, 84 others; John A. Casey, 86
others; Robert Forbes, 62 others, all inhabitants
of Saratoga county, N. Y. praying the interposi-
tion of Congress in reference to the late duel.
Mr. DeG. also presented a memorial of William
McCamus and 202 others, inhabitants.of Schenec-
tady, praying against the Sub-Treasury, and in
favor of a national bank.]
[Mr. Pratt presented the petition of 150 inhabi-
tants for a mail route from Pine Plains, through
the towns of Gallatin, Ancram, and Copaké, to the
village of Hillsdale, in the county of Columbia, in
the State of New York. Also, a like petition, pray-
ing for a mail route from Maiden, in the county of
Ulster, through Wynkopsville, to Irvingville, in the
county of Greene, and State of New York: referred
to the Committee- on the Post Office and Post
Roads.    Also, a resolution for a post route.]
[Mr. Gallup presented the proceedings of a
meeting of citizens of Rensselaerville, New York,
praying Congress to pass a law against duelling.
Also, the petition of 97 persons and firms concerned
in the navigation of the Hudson river, praying for
the erection of a light house between Catskill and
Athens, in the State of New York.]
VERMONT.
Messrs. EVERETT, ALLEN, SLADE, and
HALL.
[Mr. Allen presented the petition of Joseph
Soule and thirty.eight others, citizens of the town of
Fairfield, in the State of Vermont, on the subject of
the late duel: referred to the 'select commute*
having that subject under consideration. Also,
the petition of Joel Thompson, praying compensa-
tion for property used by the United States during
the last war: referred to the Committee of Claims.]
CONNECTICUT.
Messrs. TOUCEY and PHELPS.
[Mr. Phelps presented the petition of Bissell
Hinsdale and sundry other inhabitants of Winches-
ter, Connecticut, praying against the passage of the
Sub-Treasury bill and in favor of a National Bank.
Also, the petition of Daniel Coe and ninety-three
others, legal voters of the county of Litchfield,
praying that all such members of Congress as bad
any thing to do with the late duel may be expelled,
and that Congress may pass an act punisking with
imprisonment for life any persons who may hereaf-
ter be concerned in the giving or receiving of a
challenge to fight a duel in the District of Colum-
bia.]
MASSACHUSETTS.
Messrs. CALHOUN, GRENNELL, CUSH-
ING, PHILLIPS, and ADAMS.
NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Messrs. WILLIAMS and CUSHMAN.
MAINE,
Messrs. SMITH, FAIRFIELD, NOYES, AN-
DERSON, and EVANS.
[Mr. Fairfield presented the following petitions
upon the subject of the late duel, which were re-
ferred te the select commirtee having that subject
under considerations Ezra Cunningham and 52
others, citizens of Edgecomb; Philo Clark and 32
others, citizens of Maine; Daniel Kendrick and 139
others, citizens of Newcastle and Nobleboro, all
in the State of Maine. Also, the petition of Simon
Ross and others, for a new mail routs from Alfred
to Newfield, through Waterboro and Shapteigh,
Maine.]
[Mr. Anderson presented the following peti-
tions: Robert Moor and 90 others, citizens of Cor-
nisa; Cyrus Hewes and 30 others of Hermon,
Thomas Bradley and 20 others of Hermon-, Ben-
jamin Guptial and 16 others of Hermon; Gabriel
Dennis and 30 others of Liberty; Alonzo Emery
and 34 others of Hampcfen; J. Waldron and 51
olhers of Clintsn; James Blanchard and 70 others
of Prospect; John H. Jar vis and 49 others of Cas-
tins; Joseph Gilmaa and' 88 others of Dixmont;
