COKGRRSSt0KAL C&QRB,                                            261
all of the State of Mame, praying for an investi-
gation mto the circumstances of the late duel,
which were referred to the select committee. Also,
the petition of Right Stockwell and 42 others, for
the establishment of a mail route from East Edmg-
ton to West Edington, in the State of Mame, which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads ]
Petitions were further presanted, on leave, by
My SHEPARD of North Carolina, Mr MALLO-
RY of Virginia, Mr. MAY of Illinois, Mr BEIRNE
of Virginia, and Mr JOHNSON of Louisiana.
On motion of Mr CALVARY MORRIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route fiom Penns-
ville, in Morgan county, by way of Chesterfield, m
Marion township, m Athens county, to Plymouth,
in. Washington county
On motion of Mr TURKEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Smith-
vüle, in the coun'y of De Kalb, to Manchester, m
Coffee county, Tennessee
On motion of Mr OGLE,
Resolved, That the Secretary of State of the
United States be directed to communicate to this
House the names of all Minister-., and other diplo-
matic agents of the United States, in foreign coun-
tries on the 4th of March, 1829, the names and
grade oí all who have been recalled since that date,
the names, grade, and date of subsequent appoint-
ments, the seveial peno Is of service of the persons
so appoin'ed, the sum allowed to each for such
service respectively, as well as the amount of con-
tingent experse-  paid to each.
On motion of Mr CALHOON of Kentucky,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po«t Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquiie mto the
expediency oí establishing a post route from Greens-
burg to Edminston, m Kentucky
On mot on of Mr DAVIES,
Revoked, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Giounds Le instructed to inquire into the
expediency of leasing the public grounds west of
the Capitol, within the District of Columbia, to
such person or persons as shall agree, for tne short-
est period of time, to enclose with good and sub-
stantial fences, drain, level, and place the several
lots under grasar
Oa motion of Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the ex-
pediency of establishing a post route irom Wuhei's
Cross Roads, m Smith county, Tennessee, passing
by Isaac Pipkin s, Reuben Roork's, and Gipy
Cook's, to Scottsville
On motion of Mr HALL of Vermont,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads bi instructed to inquire into the
expediency of es'ablishing a mail route from Wil-
mington, in the State of Vermont, to Springfield,
Massachusetts.
On motion of Mr SERGEANT,
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to in-
quire into the exped ercy of encouraging and aid-
ing meteoiolugical observations throughout the
United States
On mouon of Mr PRATT,
Resohed, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from the
village of Guboa, in the county of Scoharie, to the
town oí PrattsviUe, m the county of Green, to the
town of Middletown, by way of Fly Brook, in the
county of Delau are and State of New York
On motion of Mr *VELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire mto the
propriety of establishing a mail route fiom Athens,
the county seat of Izard county, Arkansas, to Van
Buren, Missouri
On motion of Mr  MAY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals inquire into the expediency of granting each
alternate section of land for the purpose of aiding
m the construction of a canal, four miles in length,
between the Falls of Roctenver and the Mississip-
pi, commencing at Milan, on the Mississippi river,
in Rock Island county, and terminating at Sugar
Hill Point
On motion of Mr  CONNOR,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads he instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a post route from Lm-
colnton, North Carolina, via Haylesville, Spring's
Mills, Erasmus Post Office, to Yorkville,'South Ca-
rolina.
On motion of Mr. HEROD,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of reporting a bill authorizing the Legislature of the
State of Indiana to sell and convey, according to
the provisions of the act, entitled, an act to autho-
rize the Legislature of the State of Indiana to sell
and convey certain lands granted to said State for
the use of the people thereof, approved, July 3d,
1832,  section 32, in townhip nine, north of range
two, east of the Jeffersonville Distnct. The same
having been reserved from sale by the President of
the United States, for the use of section 31, town-
ship and range aforesaid, as a salt spring reserve,
and which said section 32, township nine, north of
range tn o east, was omitted in the act referred to
On motion of Mr CARTER,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs
be and they aie hereby instructed to inquire into the
propriety of passing a law to indemnify the heirs
an 1 representatives of General Nathaniel Taylor,
late of East Tennessee, deceased, for his properly
destroyed by the Chickasaw Indians, in the year
eighteen hundred.
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be and he
hereby is required to communicate to the House of
Ref resentatives, all the information in the posses-
sion or power of his department, relative to the de-
struction of pioperty of the late General Nathaniel
Taylor, of East Tennessee, deceased, by the
Chickasaw Indians, within the limits of their nation
On motion of Mr EWING,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to communicate to this House the aggregate num-
ber of each denomination of pensionéis, now pay-
able at the several agencies under his department,
with the aggregate amount of money required
semi-annually to make payment at each agenrj,
Also, the names of pensioners who have been ad-
ded to the loll of each agent, and of all who have
died oi been diopped off by Ihe Commissioner of
Pensions, since the last report of the pensioners,
names luinished to this body Also, a list of agents,
the dates of their several appointments, the amounts
and description of funds remitted to or placed m
charge of each agent, since the 4th day of March,
1833,  and the authority under which said remit-
tances were made, or funds so placed Also, a
list of the several balances of unpaid pensions, and
to whom due, at the several agencies, and the se-
veral balances of unexpended public money, re-
ported to the Department, or know to be remaining
in the hands of pension agent at the close of each
fiscal year, since the said,4th day of March, 1833,
to the present.
On motion of «RAVES,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
propriety of establishing a post route from Louis-
ville, Kentucky, to Harrodsburg, Kentucky, by the
way of Jeffersontown, Taylorsvtlle,ind Bloomfie'd
On motion of Mr HARLAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions inquire into the expediency of paying to
Thomas Ramsay of Kentucky, arrearages of a
pension claimed by him to be dne.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means consider the expediency of providing for the
importation of stationery, duty fipe, and upon the
same footing with pictures and busts m marble
Reports from committees were then called for
WAYS AND  MEANS.
Mr CAMBRELENG reported a bill for the re-
lief of Samuel Milhgan, which was lead twice and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading to-day
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS
Mr. TALIAFERRO reported a bill for the relief
of Wm. Mattison.
On motion of Mr. GARLAND of Virginia, the
House took up the Senate's amendment to the bill
in relation to the United States Courts m Western
Virginia, and, on Mr. G's motion, after a few
words from him and Messrs. BEIRNE and.MAL-
LORY, it was disagreed to.
The House then proceeded to the orders of th e
day.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the names of the deposite banks, which
had availed themselves of the benefits of the act
of the 12th of October last, which was laid an the
table.
Sundry bills from the Senate on the Speaker's
table were taken up, read twice, and referred to
their appropriate standing committees.
The bill to provide for the construction of the
Cumberland road through the towns of Salem and
Louisburg, in the State of Ohio, was read the third
time and passed.
CIVIL LIST
The House then resumed the consideration of
the "bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
1838," the question being on the motion of Mr
RARIDEN to recommit the bill to a Committee of
the Whole on the state of ihe Union, with instruc-
tions to increase the item for the contingent
expenses of the House from #225,000 to $273,9t;>),
(so as to cover the purchase of certain books to be
distributed among the members )
Mr RARIDEN moved a call of the House le-
fused
Mr WILLIAMS of North Caiohna opposed
the proposed appropriation.
Mr CAMBRELENG raised the point of order
under the 63d rule.
The CHAIR ruled it to be in order
Mr   CAMBRELENG took an appeal.
The 63d rule is in the following words " No
appropriation shall be reported in such general ap-
propriation bills, or be in order as an amendment
thereto, for any expenditure not pieviously autho-
rized by law," and under this rule, Mr C con-
tended, no law having been passed authorizing this
appropriation, it was not in order as an amendment.
There was also another ground of objection taken
by Mr. C Since the year 1630, the House had
invariably adopted a proviso prohibiting the mo-
ney appropriated for the contingent expenses of the
House, from being applied to any other purpose
than its ordinary expenditures
There was also another obj=ct on. The amend-
ment embraced an appropriation contained in
another special bill before tie House
THE, CHAIR reaffirmed hrs decision, on the
ground that the amendment contained nothing from
which he could be justified in drawing an inference
that it contemplated to purchase of books
Mr. HOWARD hoped the gentleman would
withdraw the appeal.
Mr CAMBRELENG did so for the purpose of
having a direct vote on the proposition If it was
agreed to, he was still of the opinion that the bill
would be delayed till July, for the Senate had al-
ways withheld its consent to such an appropriation,
and the Chair and the House must take the respon-
sibility of its delay, for the Committee of Ways
and Means could not
Mr CUSHMAN, in order, he said, to bring the
House to a vote, moved the previous question, but
the House did not second it, only 47 voting for it.
The question on Mr Rariden's motion was then
taken, and decided in the negative—yeas 71, nays
96.
So the motion to commit was decided in the ne-
gative.
Mr REED then renewed the amendment moved
by him m Committee of the Whole, for building,
rebuilding, and completing light-houses m New
Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New
York §52 040
Mr INGHAM moved to amend this amendment,
as follows-
"Next after the word "completing" m the second
line of the amendment proposed by Mr Rn  d,
insert light-houses, monuments, and beacon lights,
as follows,"
