CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            $6£
SMITH of Indiana, MORRIS, BUGHANAN,
SMITH of Connecticut, ROBINSON, WALKER,
HUBBARD, CLAY of Kentucky,YOUNG,CLAY
of Alabama, and KING.
The bill was opposed mainly on the ground of
the existing embarrassments and bankruptcy of the
Government; partly on that of the want of suffi-
cient information, and partly on that of the in-
equality and injustice of the appropriation which it
involved.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the bill was laid
on th« table; whereupon,
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the Secretary
of War was directed to inform the Senate what
portions of the estimates for th« construction of the
Cumberland road, m Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
might be dispensed with without injury to the road,
and without violating existing contracts.
The Senate adjourned, after an Executive ses-
sion.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, March 28, 1838.
THE LATE DUEL.
Mr. ADAMS, on leave, presented four petitions
on the subject of the late duel,,
Mr CUSHING also presented one on the same
subject
Mr. FAIRFIELD presented the following peti-
tions upon the subject of the late duel, which were
referred to the select committee having that subject
under consideration, viz Beardsly Lape and 55
others, citizens of Canajohane, New York, Stephen
Barrows and 35 otheis, citizens of West Camden,
Jacob Traften and 36 others, citizens of West
Camden; Alexander Libby and 55 others, citizens
of Hartford; Joseph Dearbon and 57 others, citi-
zens of Hartford, Philip Abbott and 147 others, citi-
zens of Rumford, Alvan Bolster and 145 others,
citizens of Rumford, all in the State of Mame.
Mr. RUSSELL presented one on the same sub-
ject from Washington county, New York, very nu-
merously signed, without distinction of party
Mr. GRANT of New York presented the pro-
ceedings of a public meeting held, without dis-
tinction of party, by the citizens of Fulton, in he
county of Oswego, New York, at the village c^
Fulton, on the 14th day of March instant, m rela-
tion to the recent duel, at which Aaron G. Fisk,
Esq. presided, and Thomas Johnson officiated as
secretary. Among the resolutions adopted, was
one praying the expulsion of all members of Con-
gress engaged in, or m any view connected with,
the said duel, which proceedings and resolutions
were committed to the select committee having this
matter m charge.
Mr. BEATTY of Pennsylvania also presented
one on the same subject, which was referred to the
select committee.
Mi. CUSHMAN, on leave, presented a remon-
strance from certain citizens of New Hampshire,
in relation to a proposed post route
Reports from committees were then called for
CLAIMS
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio reported a bill to
establish a Board of Commissioner'; to examine
and decide certain claims against the United States
The bill having been read twice,
Mr. W. remarked that, as this bill proposed to
establish a Board of Commissioners to adjudicate
claims, and relieve the House and Congress of a
mass of business, he rsoned it would meet with its
favorable consideration, nd be taken up at an
early day. If such a board was to be established,
the sooner it was done the better. Mr. W then
moved that the bill be committed, and made the
special order for Friday week, which was agreed to.
PUBLIC  LANDS.
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana reported a bill to
revive the supplementary act to the act to autho-
rize the inhabitants of the State of Louisiana to
enter a tract of land, which was read twice, and
postponed fill this day week.
Mr. J. also reported a bill to confirm the Claim
of Charles Morgan to a certain tract of land.
Mr. BOON reported Senate bill, with an amend-
ment, f*r the relief of Michael Cassel, of La Porte
county, Indiana.
Mr. B. having briefly explained the object of the
bill and amendment, it was, on his motion, concur-
red id, and the bill ordered to a third reading, read
a third tims, and passed
Mr BOON then gave notice that, on Tuesday
next, at 12 o'clock, he should move the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, on the bill granting pre-emption
rights to actual settlers on the public lands.
JÜDICIAEY.
Mr. THOMAS reported, without amendment,
bill for the relief of the securities of Archibald H.
Sneed.
Mr. T. also reported a joint resolution giving the
same per centum given to the clerks and messen-
gers of other departments, to those in the office of
the Attorney General; which was read twice and
committed.
Mr. MARTIN reported a bill for the relief of
Sarah H. B. Stith.
REVOLUTIONAB.Y CLAIMS.
Mi. A. H. SHEPHERD reported a bill granting
seven years' half pay for Revolutionary services of
John McClelland, deceased.
Mr. S. also made several unfavorable reports.
Mr. HARPER made an unfavorable report on
the petition of the administrator of John McHalton.
PIJVA1E LAND   CLAIMS.
Mr. HARLAN reported a bill for the relief of
David Ballentyne
Mi. H. also reported, without amendment, Se-
nate bill for the relief of Abed P. Lacey.
INDIAN   AFFAIRS.
CHEROKEE AFFAIRS.
Mr BELL moved that the Committee on In-
dian Affairs be discharged from the further consi-
deration of a memorial from Riverhead, in the
State of New York, asking an inquiry into the
validity of the Cheiokee treaty, and that it lie on
the table
Mr EVERETT asked for a division of the
question on discharging and lying on the table,
and made a few remarks on the subject, which
were wholly inaudible, at the position occupied by
the reporters of the Globe.
Mr. HAYNES said, desirous as he might be to
repel the attacks made by the honorable member
from Vermont, he would not follow the example he
had sometimes seen set there, of making a speech,
and then closing with a motion which deprived
every one else of the opportunity of a reply. Mr.
H. said, " I will abide my time." That time will
come, and then, so far as he could, he would dis-
cuss ihe whole merits of the subject as well as he
was able  He now demanded the previous question.
Mr. DAWSON requested his colleague to with-
draw the motion
Mi. HAYNES would willingly oblige his col-
league, but he wished to stop this discussion.
The House i efused to second the demand for the
previous question—ayes 70, noes 76
Mr. DAWSON then addressed the House for
some time, in arguing for an immediate disposition
of the subject.
Mr HAYNE3 said it was very much his de-
sire that theie should be no further discussion of
this subject, or he would not have made the mo-
tion, which, as he thought, had unfortupately
failed, or he would have, with great pleasure, with-
drawn that motion, at the request of his colleague,
[Mr. Dawson ] He concurred entirely in the re-
marks which had been made by his colleague It
was too late to deal with this question as a mere
abstraction The time had gone by when any
practical good could result, from an inquiry into
the policy which had been pursued generally to-
wards the Indians, and particularly towards
the Cherokees. He would go ore step further
than his colleague had gone, with respect to
the accountability which would rest some where if
the country should be involved in war with the
Cherokee Indians He chaiged no one with sti-
mulating the Cherokees to the course they had pur-
sued and are now pursuing. But if there were any
who had instigated and stimulated them to resist
the execution of ths treaty, upon his head would
rest the blood of the white man and the Indian,
of the delicate female and prattling infant, which
would be shed by the tomahawk and scalping knife, .
if the Cherokees should be encouraged to persist
n carrying their present course to extremities. Sir,
what political purpose would be answered by there-
ference proposed by the honorable gentleman frotti.
Vermont, [Mr. Everett j" Has any 8 e but that
gentleman ever taken the ground that this House
has any jurisdiction over the question of treaty or
no treaty'' Mr H believed, that in the whole
course of his experience, here and elsewhere, he
had never known that doctrine maintained by any
one but the gentleman from Vermont. The utmost
extent to which any one had gone, so far as he was
informed, was, that if a treaty involved an appro-
priation, this House might or might not make it at
its pleasure. For what purpose was it proposed to
investigate the conduct of the late and present Ad-
ministrations in reference to this subject? The
gentleman from Vermont had intimated that the
result of the investigation proposed by him might
be the foundation of an impeachment against the
late President of the United States. If that gentle-
man, or any other member of this House, believed
the late President has exceeded his constitutional
power in negotiating the Cherokee treaty, let him
bring forward articles of impeachment against him
If he should do so, he would find himself in a
most singular position, in bringing that distin-
guished individual for trial before a body which
was particeps entraras in the very act for which the
gentleman from Vermont had inUmated that it
might be propei to impeach him.
He repeated that it was not his desire to enter
into a general discussion of this subject. He had
been taunted on other occasions by gentlemen who
had brought up irrelevant topics with a desire to
evade discussion. In thi<: gentlemen were mista-
ken He had no donbt a suitable occasion would
shortly occur, when it would be his duty to discuss
this subject, when, to the best of his ability, he
would do justice to the State one of whose Repre-
sentatives he had the honor to be
Till then, he wished it to be put at rest by such
a vote as would convince the Cherokees that they
must abide by the provisions of the treaty. The
sooner this should be done the better
Mr. EVERETT briefly replied to the two gen-
tlemen from Georgia, stating that it was not
his opinion that these Indians would not have to
remove from the State of Georgia. He believed it
to be their true interest to remove, and he believed
they would have to remove under some other trea-
ty, if they did not under this. But he asked that
justice might be done to them, and that such
course might be pursued by the country as would
p event boodshed. He did not believe that any
out had been holding out the idea to this Chero-
kee delegation, that there was a chance of their
remaining m Georgia. Certainly he had heard of
no one who had held out this idea to them, but he
did hope to see justice done them by this Govern-
ment.
Mr. CAMBRELENG here called for the orders
of the day, but, at the request of several gentlemen,
withdrew the call.
Mr. LAWLER believed that the course recom-
mended to be pursued by the gentleman from Ver-
mont, would be attended with no good results. He
believed, so far as he had been informed on this
subject, that John Ross had determined to enter
into no negotiation, until this treaty was set aside.
This being the case, he deemed it to be hig-hly im-
portant that the House should take some action
nou, and the decision of this question, he thought,
wo aid be sufficient evidence to the Cherokees of
the course which Congress intended pursuing. If
the House determines that it will take no farther
action on this memorial, the delegation will know
what to expect, and he hsped the vote might now
be taken, and the question put at rest.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina said that
the dictates of humanity should prompt u« to hold
out no delusive hopes to these people. He trusted
the House would now determine the question, and
put this vexed matter at rest for the present. Mr. C.
then called for the yeas and nays on the first part
of the motion, viz: to discharge the committee,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 103, nays 76,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Anderson, Andrews, Beatty, Beirne, Bick-
nell, Biddle, Birdsall, Boo , Biodhead, Cambreleng, Wm B
Campbell, John Campbell, Casey, Chambers, Clark, Cleveland,
