aya,                  ________
poríétagntof the bill, and decided in the negative—
yeaji 10, tiays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buchanan, Hubbard, King,
Lumpkin, Morris, Niles, Prentiss, Smith of In-
diana, Tipton, and Williams—10.
NAYS—MessrS. Allen, Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Fulton, Grundy,
Linn, Nicholas, Norvell, Preston, Rives, Roane,
Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Swift,
Trotterj Walker, White, and Young—21.
The hill was then ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama gave notice, that at one
o'clock to-morrow, he should move to take up the
bill to reduce and graduate -the price of public
lands, and he hoped the members from the nine
States interested would be present, and prepared
to give it their support.
The amendment of the House to the Senate bill
for the relief of Michael Cassel was concurred in.
The following bills from the House were read
twice and referred:
The bill for the relief.of Samuel Milligan.
The bill directing the transfer of moneys remain-
ing unpaid by certain pensioners, and authorizing
the payment of the same at the Treasury of the
United States.
Cm motion of Mr. PRENTISS, the Senate took
lip and considered, as in Committee of the Whole,
the' bill to revive and continue in force the act to
provide for persons disabled by known wounds re-
ceived in the Revolutionary war, and ordered the
same to be engrossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the bill
for the relief of Sutton Stevens, which was laid on
the table the other day, was taken up, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, when Mr. C. presented some
additional documents, obtained from the General
Land Office, explanatory of the claim, and, after
some remarks from Messrs. CLAY and LUMP-
KIN, the bill was again laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. NORVELL, the Senate went
into the consideration of Executive busines;
After which, it adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
TftuasDAY, March 29,1838.
THE LATE DUEL.
fetitiens on the subject of the late duel were, on
leave, presented by Messrs. ADAMS, BIRDSALL,
and DeGRAFF, and referred to the select com-
mittee, having that subject under investigation.
Mr. BIRDSALL, on leave, presented the pro-
ceedings of a public meeting of the citizens of
Wayne county, New York, held the 16th day of
March, 1838, of which Colonel Ira Jenkins was
chairman, and S. Sailsbury esq. was secretary,
called for the purpose of expressing their opinions
upon the late sanguinary affair, at the seat of the
General Government, which resulted in the death
of the honorable Jonathan Cilley; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. B. were referred to the select committee,
having the matter under consideration.
Mr. B. on leave, presented the memorial of John
DeJVÍott, and one hundred and fifty-five others, in-
habitants of Seneca county, New York; also,
the memorial of Lewis Johnson, and one hundred
and twenty-nine1 others, inhabitants of the same
county and State, praying Congress to expel every
member of that body criminally engaged in the
duel between the late Mr. Cilley, and Graves,
and that they be handed over to the legal tribunals
of that State whose criminal code they have vio-
lated; which, on motion of Mr. B. were referred to
the select committee, now investigating that sub-
ject.
Mr. B. also asked leave to present the petition of
Thomas McClintock, and thirty-six others, inhabi-
tants of Waterloo, New York, praying the House
of Representatives to resciud the resolution of Mr.
Patton, of the 21st day of December, 1837, on
the subject of abolition memorials; objection be-
ing made, the same was not received.
Mr. DeGRAFF presented a memorial from Eli
Beecher and two hundred and ninety other inhabit-
ants of Saratoga county, New York, in reference to
the ¡ate duel; which was referred to the select com-
mittee on that subject.
MEXICAN BOUNDARY.
Mr. YELL presented a memorial from the Le-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gislature of Arkansas, in. relation to the boundary
line between the United States and Mexico; which,
on his motion, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. COLES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize, for a limited
time, two additional clerks in the office of the Cem-
missary General of Subsistence.
WESTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. HARRISON of Missouri begged leave to
inquire of the chairman of the Military Committee,
when it was probable that committee would report
a bill to provide for the b«tter protection of the
Western frontier?
Mr. McKAY replied that he had been instructed
by the committee to prepare a bill on the subject,
and it would either be reported to-morrow, or, at
farthest, on an early day next week.
Mr. MILLIGAN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported Senate bill, without amendment,
for the relief of Irvine Shubrick.
BROOKLYN NAVY YARD.
Mr. INGHAM, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill to extend and improve the navy yard
at Broolyn, and to construct a dry dock at the
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs, reported a resolution proposing to
make the "bill to provide for the satisfaction of
claims due to certain American citizens for
French spoliations prior to 1801," the special or-
der from and after 1 o'clock, on Friday and Sa-
turday, the 13th and 14th days of April next.
Mr. CAMBRELENG hoped this bill would not
be made the special order, and as it proposed an
appropriation of five millions of dollars, he should
feel compelled to call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. C. however, withdrew the call, and the
Chair was about to divide the House; when
Mr. HOWARD remarked that he wished to
know the opinion of the House on this bill, and he
therefore asked for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and were—yeas 79, nays 63.
So the resolution was not concurred in, requiring
a majority of two-thirds.
Mr. SIBLEY, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to Israel Parsons.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to Neil
Cannon.
Mr. TAYLOR, on leave, submitted a resolution
directing the Committee on Invalid Pensions to in-
quire into the expediency of granting a pension to
Samuel Hudson; which was agreed to.
POST OFFICE BUILDING.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill providing
for the removal of the walls of the Treasury build-
ing, and for the erection of a fire-proof building
for the Post Office Department; which was read
twice.
Mr. L. moved its commitment, and that it be
made the special order for Tuesday next.
Mr. YELL at.d Mr. CAMBRELENG severally
opposed giving this bill precedence over all other
business, especially as in Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union it was always competent
for a majority to take it up.
Mr. LINCOLN modified his motion by referring
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; which was agreed to.
ARKANSAS LANDS.
Mr. YELL, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported a bill to extend the further time of
twelve months to the location of public donations
in Arkansas.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported adversely
on a memorial of certain citizens of Halifax,
North Carolina, praying for additional compensa-
tion to the postmaster there.
REVOLUTIONARY NAVAL OFFICERS.
, Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a resolution instructing
that committee to inquire into the expediency of
placing the officers of" the United States Navy, en-
gaged m the war of the Revolution, on the same
footing, in respect to commutation, bounty lands,
etc. as the o*fficei#of the army, engaged in ttiehRe*
voluttonary war; ivhieh was concurred in.      "!
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manofap-
tures, reported Senate bill, without amendment, to
authorize ,two citizens of Georgia to import, tree oí
duty, the materials of two iron steamboats.
LANDS FOR SCHOOLS.
The unfinished business of the morning hoar
was the consideration of the resolution of Mr.
Johnson of Maryland, to grant donations of lands
to the old States for seminary purposes.
Mr. LAWLER, who was entitled to the floor,
moved its reference to the same Committee on the
Union to which a resolution submitted some time
ago, on the subject of ihe public lands, by Mr. L.
himself, had been íeferred; which was agreed to.
PRE-EMPTION SALES.
The vote of the House by which a resolution of
Mr. Slade, calling for certain information on the
sales, &c. of the public lands, came up for reconsi-
deration. The resolution required the specific
amount of sales under the different pre-emption
laws, from time to time, as they were made.
Mr. HOPKINS explained that he had made the
motion on the 22d inst. at the desire o.' Mr. Lyon
of Alabama, who had stated to him that the scope
of the resolution was such, that it would produce
great delay in the general business of the land office
if it was complied with.
Mr. LYON had no objection to the resolution,
if it was so modified as to call for the information
in the aggregate; but, if the specific information
was insisted upon, it would take the clerks in that
office two months to prepare it, to the hindrance of
all, or nearly all, the other business.
Mr. SLADE could not consent to such a modi-
fication, lor the information was indispensable in
the form he had called for it, to ascertain the work-
ings and operation of the pre-emption system.
Mr. LYON contended that the aggregate was all
that would be necessary, but to go into eaeh law,
for the last fifteen years, would consume a vast
deal of time, and a great deal of unnecessary labor.
Mr. SLADE would modify his resolution so as
to call for the amount from year to year.
Mr. BOON went on to show that the gentleman
could not attain his object even in that way, on ac-
count of some of the pre-emption rights extending
to two years, and as the entries came on here by
what was familiarly known as "duplicates," it was
not probably known at the Land Office what were
pre-emptions and what not.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina, hoped the
resolution would be adopted, for it was necessary to
have the information, in order, by showing the ope-
ration of the system, to endeavor, if possible, to
check its spirit. He held, with the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Slade,] that the system wasanevil,
but whether it was or not, the information was in-
dispensable.
The motion to reconsider was disagreed to, and
on motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
passed to the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a statement of the amount of Trea-
sury notes issued under the authority of the. act
therefor passed at the last session of Congress, the
amount of the same received in payment of the
public dues, the amount of moneys received on ac-
count of customs and the public lands during the
last quarter of the year, so far as the returns re-
ceived show, and the amount of public money
available for the public service now in the hands
of receivers, collectors, &c.
On motion of Mr. BELL, laid on the table.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. CAMBRELENG, the House
then went into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, Mr. DROMGOOLEin the Chair,
and took up the " bill making appropriations for
the support of the army for the year 1838."
The question pending was an additional clause
moved by Mr. BELL, for drafts lying over and
unprovided for, for arrearages on account of the
Florida war, $553,415.
Mr. BELL did not &now that it was worth his
while to insist strenuously on this amendment, af-
ter the opposition which had been made to it, but
he thought it proper to make the motion on yester-
