ff.iiiii'Wr.n.nM iit.iiwnii r          TiT*n       —    , ■ , n-,        r --,  ■ ■                m.-.   f    ■  n
sented by Messrs   SOUTHGATE of Kentucky,
and McCLURE ana LYON of Pennsylvania
Mr. HARPER, on leave, presented certain joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Ohio, in relation
to a Western armory, which were referred to the
same Committee of the Whole having that subject
under consideration.
Mr SERGEANT, on leave, presented certain
joint resolutions of the Legislature of Pennsylva-
nia, on the subject of a dry dock.
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, on leave, submit-
ted the following resolution, which was agreed to:
Resoved, That the Committee of Ways and
Means inquire mto the expediency of increasing
the salaries of the officers of the Mint at Charles-
ton and New Orleans.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES.
Mr CAMBRELENG, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, moved that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union be discharged
from the bill making appropriations for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities, which was agreed to.
Mr. C. then reported an amended bill, making
appropriations for preventing and suppressing In-
dian hostilities for the year 1838, and for arrearages
for the year 1837, which was read twice, and com-
mitted to a Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. C. also reported Senate bill, without amend-
ment, to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to
correct a mistake in the payment ot a sum of mo-
ney awarded to Portescue Whipple, surviving part-
ner of Conway and Fortescue Whipple.
The bill having been read twice,
Mr C moved the House go into eommit'ee
thereon, explaining the urgency of the claim, aris-
ing out of a mistake in paying money into the
Treasury
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana objected to giv-
ing any one claim preference over all others
Mr MALLORY and Mr POPE said a few
words m favor of the motion, which was agreed to
The House then went into Committee of the
Whole, Mr SNYDER in the chair, considered the
bill, rose and reported it to the House, and it was
read a third time and passed
Mr. MONTGOMERY, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported Senate
bill, with sundry amendments, entitled, an act for
the relief of certain persons therein named
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made a favorable report on the case of D
C Johnson, which was referred to the same Com-
mittee of the Whole having charge of a bill for his
relief.
FORT GIBSON.
Mr. McKAY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported, with an amendment, a joint reso-
lution from the Senate, directing the expenditure
of an appropriation heretofore made for the re-
moval of the troops from Fort Gibson.
The amendment proposed to authorize the Se-
cretary of War to purchase a site for a fort at or
near the Western boundary of Arkansas, and Mr
McK moved it be concurred m.
Mr MERCER inquired of the gentleman from
Arkansas whether the proposed arrangement m thus
amendment was in conformity with the plan fcrthe
defence of the western frontier
Mr. YELL replied that it was
The resolution w a  then read a third time and
passed.
Mr. RIVES, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of James H Grant,------Simp-
son, and ------Vorhees
Mr EWING, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension
to Thomas Maxwell
Also, a bill for the relief of the executors of
Robert McFarland, deceased, late a pensioner of the
United States
Mr ALLEN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, moved that the unfavorable report here-
tofore made by him from that committee on the pe-
tition of John W. Cox, be taken from the table,
and referred to a committee oí the Whole House,
which was agreed to.
POSTAGES.
The  following resolution,  submitted   by Mr
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
k°OMis of New York some time since, came up in
order, and was agreed to-
Resolved, That the Postmaster General furnish
t0 this House an estimate, showing, as near as he
can ascertain,
1. What proportion of the mails of the United
States consists of free parcels estimated by weight
2 What proportion consists of free parcels esti-
mated by amount of posUge on parrels that pay
postage, and aeeountmg all printed documents at
pamphlet postage.
3. What would be the proportion of the amount
of postage to be paid by the Government, m case
all free parcels were charged to Government at the
same rate that printed parcels are charged.
4 To how low a rate the tariff of postage can
be reduced, and sustain the Department, m case all
parcels conveyed in the mails were chargeable with
postage.
5. To how low a rate the tariff of postage can
be reduced, now or prospectively, within two years,
retaining the present franking pnvilege, and sustain
the Department, with a rate of tariff deemed judi-
cious and proper by him, in case such reduction
should be ordered.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The following, submitted some weeks since by
Mr. HOPKINS of Virginia, also came up it in Us
older:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of
five members, be appointed, whose duty it shall
be to make a faithful and comprehensive investi-
gation into all such abuses ai may exist m the
administration of the legislative branch of the
Federal Government, with a view to the speedy
correction of the same by the adoption of such a
system of reform and retrenchment in the contin-
gent expenses theieof, as the public good may
require , and that the said committee be instructed,
also, to inquire into the expediene) of divorcing,
by law, the Government from the public pres>, by
prohibiting, in future, every ofFcer thereof, in bis
official capacity, from employing any conductor of
a political journal to execute any portion oí the
public printing
Mr. HOPKINS said he had no disposition to de-
bate this resolution, but would feel willing the
House should at once vote upon it A few re-
maiks as to the reisons which had induced him to
offer it, might not be out of place He was satis-
fied that such a proposition was peculiarly called
for, and should be adi pted It aimed at what he
regarded as a growing evil The exuaordinary
increase of the expenditures on the part nf ihat
House for us printing was a subj ct, he thought,
forcibly calling for some reform The resolution,
however, related as well to the printing dine for
the several Executive departments, as for that done
under the order of the House, the increase of the
expenses of which had been enoimous During
the year 1829, the whole expense of the Congres-
sional printing only amounted to about §30,000,
it was now about $100,000, He could not say
what that of the Executive departments amoun ed
to, but the evil was augmeatmg there also.
The object Mr H had in view, not only pro-
proposed to effect an actual saving of some sixty
or seventy thousand dollars a >ear, but another
no less important object, that of separating the
patronage of the Government fiom the public
press of the countiv In proposing tins, he had
himself no party or personal views to sulser/e,
and the person who now did the printing foi toe
House, had but a small party in hrssupp rt theru,
and Mr H was one who voted for him It v. as
not to favor any particular party, or the editor o>
any political journal, that this proposition had
been introduced, but, on the contrary, to separate,
as far as possible, the Government patronage from
the public press
Nor did Mr H confine his object alone to the
political journals published m the city of Washing
ton By the present arrangement of publishing the
laws of the United States, there were some eighty
or more newspapers throughout the Union enjoy-
ing, in this way, the peculiar patronage of the Go-
vernment, and he was for taking that away also,
and devising, if practicable, some scheme by which
the same object cojld be accomplished, and which
275
,,. ,  . ,.,  .,.!,„„ ^..„,i,„ |       nifii hi'......      -----.=:
he believed might and could be devised. It could
be done by a general publication in this city, in the
Congiessional printing office, and the dissemina-
tion of a large number of copies throughout the
country Either this or some other mode might be
devised.
If the independence of the public press was im-
portant, it was no less important for the attainment
of that object, to separate it from this corrupting
influence, for corrupting it is, and corrupting it will
continue to be whilst human nature con.muss what
it is. He repeated that he had no desire to debate
this proposition, for it was not the discussion, but
the action of the House he wanted, and he had no
doubt tltat gentlemen had sufficiently weighed and
examined it to vote upon it.
The resolution proposed to raise a committae to
inquire into the expediency of separating the patron-
age of Government from the public press. If this
was desirable, and it seemed to him no one could
question it, it was certainly proper and necessary to
inquire whether any, and what, substitute could be
devised, whether it be an evil, and if an evil, how
could a corrective or remedy be applied, and wh#
that remedy could be He thought it couid be
found in the establishment of a public press, en-
tirely separated from Government patronage, con-
fined only to the printing of the Government, as
well that of both branches of Congress as that of
the Executive departments. Even as a question ot
economy, ll they could effect a saving in onesmgl"
year that would cover the entire cost of such an
establishment, it was highly important, and he
thi ught this would be the case Why, since 1829
the annual expense of the printing of Congress
had swelled from $30,000 to $100,000 a year, and,
including the Executive Departments, to probably
nearly $150 000, and that, too, while it was well
known that the present rate of prices allowed to the
public printer had remained unchanged The
Government loses the benefit of all the lmpreve-
ments and benefits which had grown out of the
substitution of machinery in presswork for manual
Ubor power, and all the advantages of the general
reduction m the price of paper, no unimportant
item.
At any rate, continued Mr H this resolution
proposed no interference with any party It pro-
pused only an investigation into the expenditure of
money for public printing, a subject certainly, as
it scimed to him, worthy of investigation That
investigation could be made without prejudice to
any party, and as it proposed a retrenchment,
theie could be no reasonable objection to it, espe-
cially at this crisis, when they had, only a few
months ago, saddled the countiy with a debt of ten
millions of dollars, and hid a proposition before
them of saddling it with ten millions more Un-
du the present mode, they were going on with a
most profligate and uncalled for sjstem of expen-
diture, whilst the Treasury was substantially bank-
rupt.
With reference to the necessity that might be
alleged for the publication of the laws in a news-
paper, it was not so indispensab'e, for the fact was
know n to Mr H mat the selection of the papers
was not always confined to that press having the
largest circulation n its, neighborhood, or the State
wherein it was published But whether that nor-
tion of the Government patronage had been pro-
■ perly oi improperly dispensed, was not germane to
the proposed 'nqmry under this resolution, for his
object was, sincerely and heartily, to sever th>s
ni'luence, and he much doubted, if there was a
single inquiry that would come before the Home
this session, more entitled to its grave and serious
consideiation
In conclusisn, Mr H. disclaimed having any
private feeling in this matter, and he knew not
whether he should again have any agency m dis-
pensing the patronage of the House. His sincere
desire was to separate it on public grounds alone.
In point of economy alone, it was a proposition
peculiarly and forcibly recommending its«li to the
favorable consideration of that House. As a politi-
cal question, aside from party—for, as he said before,
party feeling had, or should have, no connection
with it—the measure ought to meettht approbation
