ím
of al .   He hoped the House would at once vote
upon it, and adopt it.
Mr. CTJSHMAN was understood to say that he
most cordially responded to the gentleman's desire
10 introduce lefoim and retrenchment. Bill, said
Mi C il, should commence in that House iisell
Dunng the last Congress, and during the late and
present sessions of this, much had been said in re-
gard to Executive abuses, Executive usuipation,
andExeou'ive corruption; and dunng the whole
series of these repeated declamations, he, for one,
had been of the opinion that the abuses in that
House, m the same period of time, had been more
and greater than in the Executive branch of the
Government during the whole couise of the late
and present Administrations.
Nevertheless, Mr. C was opposed to this resolu-
tion. He was opposed to it, because he was con-
vinced the object sought to be attained by it was
wholly impracticable. The gentleman says " let
them inquire " That was all very proper, and
Mr C was willing to go as far as that gentleman,
or any other, to make necessary inquiries But
what was the present case? Now, it was well
known that, since the establishrnent of the Govern-
ment, the dominant party, whichever it might be,
not only m the Federal, but in the State Legisla-
tures also, had invariably employed what has been
called, if you please, partisan printers and partisan
editor , And why should they not do so? So long
as the Opposit on liad the predominancy, they used
to employ their own partisan printers, and no
complaint was made about it, and why should any
complaint arise now ?   He saw no reason for it
It was said, however, that the expenses ol the
public pi inting by the House had very much in-
cieased dunn¿ the last Cew years. He admitted it,
but the fault was in ilie House itself, and there was
as much power in the House to correct it without
raising a select committee for the purpose as by
one, and it was. just ab easy. The increased expenses
had grown out of the increased number of docu-
ments ordered to be printed, and the evil could be
corrected by gentlemen rising tn their beats and ob-
jecting to it There was, therefore, no necessity to
raise a sppcial committee foi this purpose
Again, ihe gentleman says that if this evilweie
conected, oi, in other words, that if a person
could be selected, othoi than a partisan printei, it
would, at once, reduce the expenses of the public
printing Now. Mr. C apprehended directly the
reverse would be the result, because if you ever
bring into this city a peison, and set up a press here
under his management, for the express purpose of
doing the printing of the House, the expense will
be doubled, instead of being reduced. He was
convinced, after much reflection, that this would be
the result
Again, says the gentleman, the Government pa-
tronage of the public press 1o partisan editors, not
only h re, but throughout the United Stales, ought
to be taken away Now, Mr C. would appeal to
the gentleman, and ask him into what State he
would go and find a punter who was not a parti-
san' None. Mr. C knew of none. Let the gen-
tleman go into New Hampshire, and if he could
find a printer there who was not a partisan, on one
side 01 the other, he could do more than Mr. C
could, for he was wholly ignorant of any such edi-
tor. There was no such thing there. Call an indi-
vidual mío this city, let him set up a press or set up
one for him, to do the printing of Congress,
and how long would he remain here without being
a partisan punter? It was not in the nature of
things It was not in human nature to be indiffe-
rent and listless upon the great and vital subjects
that agitate the public mmd. The feelings and im-
pulses v. ere the same in an editor as m every body
else, and I, said Mr C have ofun made
the'remark, and will again attest its truth,
that whenever an individual sajs he is not
a party man, or that he is no partisan
in politics, then I have a right to doubt that
man's integrity, and I do doubt it. Sir, I had
much rather see a man a partisan than one
who is not, because then I know and believe that
he is an honest man—whether he ts my friend in
politics or my foe, makes no difference. Let him
fee a partisan.   Jt §hW be *&& <*eep interest m
CONfiMSSSfONitit «10BE.
the great questions that agitate the country. It is
to m tegaid to all public editors, and should the
gentleman's íesolution be adopted, should this
special rnmm ttee be wised, and should they lepoit
a resolution dwlinm; that ihe Seoielary ol State
«lull < mpKij no tditoi to publish the laws of the
United States who is a partisan, then, sir, yom
laws will go without being published at all. Editors
and publisher ate all partisans, either with the Ad-
mintstiation, or opposed to it
At this stage Mi WHITTLESEY of Ohio called
for the ouleis of the day, being private bills.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY.
Mr. CLARK begged leave lo piopound an in-
quiry to the- chairman of the Committee of Wjys
and Means. It was, when he proposed moving to
go into Committee oí the Whole on the Indepen-
dent Treasury bill'
Mr. CAMBRELENG leplied, the very moment
they got through the piessingand urgentappropua-
tion bills, he should ask the consent of the House
to take up that subject
THE FULTON CLAIM
The Home then took up the motion, made on a
foimei day by Mr Wadoy Thompson, to reconsi-
der the vote by winch the " bill for the lehef of the
heirs of Robert Fulton" was passed.
Mr. DUNCAN, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House at some length in support ol
the motion to reconsidei, and in opposition to the
bill
Mr HOFFMAN replied at length, and defended
the claim of the hens ol Mr Fulton with great p.-u-
nestness
Mr.WADDY THOMPSON went into an ex-
planation of the reason which had induced him to
make the motion 10 reconsider, and «hy he should
vote against the lull
Mr WHITTLESEY of Ohio replied at some
length to the gentlemen from South Carolina and
Ohio, explained the reasons which had induced the
committee to repoit the bill, and stated why he
thought it ought to pass
Mr CUSIIMAN rose, and  moved the previou
question, but withdrew the motion, at Ihe request ot
Mr BI DDLli, who replied to the remarks ol
Mi DUNCAN, at some length, and snppoited the
claim with «teat 7«il Mi I? iIipii, in accordance
with the pledge given the gentleman from New
Hampshire, lenewed the motion for the previous
question, which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put
Mr MITCHELL called for the yeas and nays
on the mam question, which was on the motion to
reconsider; which were ordeied, and were—yeas
81, nays 87
So the motion to reconsider was decided m the
negative
The SPEAKER laid befoie the Hou«e a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Ti-easmy,
transmitting copies of all letters written by the Se-
cretary of the Treasury to collector* or ret ei vers,
between the 1st of January, 1834, and the present
time, having any reference to dedications, omis-
sion";, or any other inegulanty. Also, copies of
all other report, made by persons employed to ex-
amine cerUm land oflices
On motion of Mr CUSIIMAN, laid on the table
On motion,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
FntDAY, March 30, 1818
Mr NORVELL presented six petitions fiom
sundry citizens of Michigan, praying that appro-
priations may be made ior the construction of a
militan road from Dearbornville to Brest, on Lake
Enc, which were referred to the Ccmmiltee on
Commerce
Mr McKEAN presented tin tc-olutmns of the
1  Legislarme of Pennsylvania, in relation to  the
eucti m of a diy dock in the Navy Yaul at Phila-
delphia, which were re ened to the ( ornmittei on
Naval \iT?ire.
Mr ROANE presented ihe peli ion of the pres -
dent and directors of the Bank of AWandr a, pray-
f jr an extrusion of their charter,
Also, the petit on of a number of the citizens of
Washia^ion,  prating fir the conduction of   ,i
.....   i                _■   uní    m       i *    iii < iffii'i i i    i f' - *
pavement of wood on Pennsylvania avenue; both
of which were referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr ALLEN said that h«had received from his
Excellency, the Governor of Ohio, a communica-
tion enc losing a resolution of the General Assem-
bly of that Stale, which he rose to present lo the
Senate The General Assembly had, he said, m
this resolution, expiessed their opinion that the
State possessed all the local advantages necessary
to entitle hei to the location, within hei limits, of
the National Annoty contemplated by Congress.
He fully conenned in this opinion, and should, to
the utmost of his powei, act m conformity with it.
The Legislature of several other Stales had pass-
id tcsoluuons, and the people of numerous cities
and towns had foi warded to Congress memorials
dunng the present session, setting forth their re-
spective claims, as sites for the foundry and ar-
senal* which are also m contemplation
These resolutions and memorials had been re-
hired to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
(he committee had asked to be discharged from
the furthei consideration of them, and that
they he laid upon the table, in consequence of
having previously reponed to the Senate a bill
rmbiac mg all those works, as well as an armoiy to
be established in the WW This bill, the Senate
won id lecol'cct, piopostd lo establish one foundry,
one aunory in the West, an arsenal in each of the
States in which theie now existed none, and a de-
pot of aims and munitions of war in Missouri,
Arkansas, and Wisconsin, and it refejs the selec-
lon ot sites fm all these establishments to the
Piestdent.
In thus lequning the selection of these sites to be
made undei the direction ol the President, the com-
mittee yielded to the conviction that to fix them by
law would be utteily impiacticable, as had been
evinced bviepealid failuics, within the last twenty
tear-, to fix the site loi a western armoiy by an
,t< i of Cinglo s. As often as any one point has
linn (imposed in a bill as the most eligible site,
mnuniiuble ulhei points uete immediately pro-
posed .is still moie eligible, and each member re-
living to sin rendu the claims ot his particular
State or district, ihe bill has gone down undei
the piessurp of thp contest. Such being our past
experience, and such the bill no-v reported by
the committee, Mr Allen said that it remained
for him only logue the resolution he had presented
the same direction which had been given to the
other resolutions and memonals to which he had
relcned He, therefore, moved that the resolution
be read, laid upon the table, and punted, and said,
that should the bill become a law, he should take
measures to present the claims of Ohio to the con-
sideration of the Executive in the strongest light,
and press them with all the energy which truth
would allow.
Mr LINN lose to ask whether there was a pro-
vision in the bill for .tdejiot in Missouri. He would
meiely remaik that two years ago an appropuation
passed Congrsss (or a depot m that State, and that
it was i ow building If this bill provided for ano-
llu r, it was, he presumed, put in by the committee
thiongh m ulvertence
Mr ALLFN said that he presumed it was put in
through in idvertence, as it wa not intended to es-
tablish another depot in that State
Mr LINN said he had forborne to say any thing
on the subject of the mcmonals presented here, or
of stating the superior advantages possessed by his
State, lo "ntiile hei to the location of the conlem-
) laled armory within her limits. The bill lefcrred
the selection of the sites to the President, who was
to c iu.e suitable examination.  to be made, and he
h ui, ll trefore, forborne Aom «ven mentioning the
(la ins o' Missouri believng that there could not
I e the s g'ite^t il ffcully in fixing on Missoun al-
lí i i' o i \ mu aiion w as made He v as peiftcily
wil mj, to leave ti c matter to the President
Mr ALLEN said that it was wuh pride and
pleasure he admitted, and that he congialulated
Congress and ihe whole American people upon the
fací, that pvery member of the Senate could rise m
his place, and with sincerity and tiuth ascribe to
his own particular State such beauties and re-
sources as but few other portions of the globe en-
