CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            283
which he had heard with great regret, and which
he must be permitted to say with some little de-
gree of indignation.    That gentleman had thought
proper to indulge himself m no measured terms of
denunciation against the actors m  a recent event,
which the whole community deplored, and coupled
with this indecorous attack upon the gentleman,
whose conduct is at this moment the subject of in-
vestigation before the branch of the National Le-
gislature.   The very extraordinary declaration that
this law is intended  to protect the JVb) Ih against
the South—protect [said Mr. P.] the JVortó against
the South'1   Mr. President, the gentleman is under
a mistake, a grievous mistake'    He thinks that if
a gentleman from the South challenges one from
the North, the latter must fight, that there is no
escape,  that his fate  is settled, his doom fixed'
Not so, sir' not, so. I am happy to relieve the hono-
rable Senator from so pamful a delusion. The fight-
ing a duel is matter of mutual consent.    It is a
rencontre  agreed upon, and deliberately arranged,
by both parties.    The challenged party  agrees to
be shot at, and  agrees to shoot at the challenger,
and, if indeed he had been rightfully informed, the
challenged party had a wider field oí seleclion and
more important  objects of choice than his adver-
sary.    The challenged party first decided whether
he would fight, then the time, the place, weapons,
distance, every thing according to his own wishes,
and it he falls, it is  by means which  he thought
least dangerous to himself, and most so for his an-
tagonist.    This voluntary agency seemed to have
escaped the attention of the Senator.    The mutual
design and  mutual capacity to kill have not been
understood by him, nor has the very gieat advan-
tage  of being the  challenged party—the advan-
tage of selecting weapons with whieh lie is familiar,
and the challenger is not, and by hurrying the time
so that familiarity cannot be  acquired.   It was
.by   omitting   to   consider   such    iacts   that   the
Senator thought all penalties should  be decreed
against the challenger,  and   that   all  sympathy
was to be reserved for the challenged?   This very
extraordinary error, in point of fact, seemed to
pervade all the gentleman's logic, morality, and
sensibility.   The idea that the challenged party is
bound to fight makes it necessary in his judgment
to pass a law for the protection of New England.
The same idea induced him to stigmatize all the
parties on one side, in a recent and most melan-
choly transaction with all the harshest epithets
known to our language, and to charge them with
the highest crimes known to our laws.     In his
(Mr. P's) judgment, the introduction of so paiuful
and exciting a topic could produce no good, and the
style and temper in which it was treated, was alto-
gether wrong.      Every body lamented the sad ca-
tastrophe, and he trusted the Senator would find no
example or imitators of that bitter spirit which led
him to mix up this matter with the rancor of sec-
tional prejudice, and party politics.      What justi-
fication, in point   of   morality, what excuse,  in
point  of decency,   had   the   Senator   for    thus
dragging   before   the Senate, on charges of con-
spiracy,   assassination,  and   murder,    gentlemen
who  are  not here  to be heard, and m regard to
whom, if the Senator entertained these opinions, it
v. as his duty to bring before a competent tribunal,
to have his charges considered and examined—the
courts, wpre open to him'    But mere, much more,
than that, said Mr. P. the Senator is aware that at
this very moment while he accuses, judges and con-
d< mns, under the influence of a heated imagination
and reused feeLngs, the subject of his declamation
was undergoing investigation m the other end of
the Capitol, before the committee of the House
in daily session.   I do not, said Mr. P. complain of
the bitterness with which the Senator speaks of mdi-
\iduals, that is a matter of taste or temper, but I do
take strong exception to the wanton disregard of
common justice towards individuals, in condemn-
ing them pending their trial, unheard  and with-
out testimony.   The Senator puts the passage of
the law upon the   ground of protection  of him-
self  and  his  friends,   and   at   the   same   mo-
ment    shows   to   what    extent    protection   is
needed   by   those   whom   he   may choose   to
select as the subjects of vituperation.    Does the
gentleman thmk that the infliction of physical in- I
jury is the only way m which a man can be
wronged ' Is it less an assault and outrage upon,
him, to bring him upon this high theatre to be
exhibited as a felon than to shoot at him ? Is there
but one kind of assassination' but one kind of
murder ? Are bodily wounds those alone which
are felt ? "When Virginia passed a duelling law,
she enacted new and wider definitions of slander,
which would effectually suppress such expressions
as those used by the Senator, if used elsewhere
than in a privileged place. "When she undertook
to suppress duelling, she also essayed to suppress,
not only calumny, but also insult; and the great
fundamental code of morals, which enjoins that
" thou shalt not kill," also enjoins that " thou
shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor."
It inculcates upon us to keep our tongue from evil
speaking, and exalts charity as the chiefest of
virtues.
Mr. P. contended that his section of the country
was as fairly entitled to protection against assaults
of that kind as that of the honorable Senator to any
assaults from his quarter. He knew how utterly
futile was the pretence of sectional protection. It
was equally offensive to the North and to the South:
it was a mere phantom of the Senator's fancy. He
says the people of New England are averse to '
duelling. If so, he who declines a challenge com-
mends himselt to public opinion, and at once satis-
fies his own conscience and fulfils the expectations
of his own fnends. The whole business of duel-
ling is an appeal to public opinion. It is a mode
by which public opinion regulates and restrains the
exercise of that wild justice, as Lord Bacon calk
it, which the infirmity of our own nature prompts
us to take beyond the justice of the laws, or the
morals of the people exempt society from the evils
of inordinate passions, whether mamfosted by abu-
sive language, by personal outrage, or under ths
forms of duelling. Doubtless, in the absence of
the two fiiit, the last would be rarely heard of.
Mr. P's object in troubling the Senate was rather
to notice the remarks of the Senator from Connec-
ticut than to discuss the bill. He doubted the ne-
cessity for any penalty beyond that of the common
law, which had so long been found amply suf-
ficient in England, but if gentlemen thought that
additional legislation was necessary, he had no ob-
jection.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut rose in reply. He
said that, for the purpose of making his views fully
understood on this subject, it would be necessary
for him to refer occasionally to the late duel, and
that his object in doing so was not to create any
excitement, or to produce unpleasant feelings in
the minds of any persons, whether concerned in
the late tragedy or not. It was necessary for him
to bring into view that transaction, which was the
primary cause of action on the subject in this body,
and he wished distinctly to be understood as not
intending to mike a personal attack on any body.
But if truth, which he should endeavor only to ad-
vance, should excite such unpleasant feelings, he
should regret it, though he would not shrink from
doing what he conceived to be his duty on this, as
well as on all other occasions. He should not
have thought it necessary for him to occupy the
time of the Senate on this subject further than he
had done, had ¡t not been for the remarks of the
Senator from South Carolina, on which the ques-
tion arose, whether it was necessary for Congress
to pass a law for the purpose of preventing a repe- ■
tition of that act, which has spread sorrow over this
and the other body. If that act was one of com-
mon occurrence, if it was one that the American
people would submit to, he certainly would not
ask Congress to suppress it. If, on the contrary, it '
was one that was abhorrent to their feelings and
principles, and from which the American people
sought to be relieved, he certainly should
not be prevented from urging the passage of the
law. Some remarks made by him on a former
occasios seemed to have deeply excited the feelings
of the Senator fiom South Carolina. The Senator
was ind ignant that he had called for the passage of a
law to defend the Northern people from the attacks
of the Southern. He believed that he did express
something like it, and he bsheved there was a neces-
sity for it. Hs meant no disrespect to the South. "
Their habits and feelings were different from those
of the North, leading them to feelings and practices
which the North condemned. The North had no
such code of honor as that spoken of by the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, or rather, as he subse-
quently termed it, an " thsMuJtcm," which justi-
fied them in taking the lives of their fellow men on
light and trivial occasions. If they had *o such
code, if they were governed by no s>uch faith, theie
certainly could be no necessity for passing this law
for the purpose of protecting them against them-
selves , and, therefore, if there was a necessity for
passing this law, it must, oí course, be for the par-
pose oí protecting them against the South and
Southwest, where this institution existed. A man
of the North, whose character was not worth a
pinch of snuff, who had been charged daily in his
own city, and under his own eyes, as being a mur-
derer, a bank partisan, bought up by the bank, is
spoken of here in terms infinitely more mild than
those used towards him at the North, and uncpn-
tradicted by him. How was it? Did not his part-
ner at the time charge him daily with being bought
by the bank, and avow that he was a witness to-
the transaction?   And did not a charge thus maáe,
. and uncontradicted by him, place him in tht same
position as his quietude under an insult would at the
South? Was he warranted m giving this character
to the man who was the principal disturber in this
tragedy? How was it that this man, who darod
not appeal to the proper tribunal at the North,
could come here in the presence of this Congress,
select his comrades, (and where, he Mould ask,
were they from,) and enact a scene which they
must all deeply deplore? Mr. S. then went on, at
some length, to argue the necessity of passing this
law for the protection of the representatives fiom
the North who were opposed to duelling. And
shall we, he asked, who are the representatives of
more than one-half of the people of the United
States, be murdered here at the instigation of a
worthless character, who has slandered the whole
North, and who comes here, sel«cts his member of
Congress, and places his dagger in his hand? It
was painful to him to recur to the late tragedy near
this city, but it was necessary for him to do so for
the purpose of illustrating the subject. What was
the cause, and the whole cause, of this bloody deed
and the loss oí a most valuable life? It was
merely, and nothing else on earth, because the
deceastd refused, while a gun was pointed at him,
to acknowledge a man to be a gentleman who was
told every day, in his own State, that he was a vil-
lain, and published as such in half the papers in
the country. Now, was this valuable life taken
away by a Northern man, or was it taken away by
this man himself, who dared not place his charac-
ter before the proper tribunal of ihe country, but
who came here and selected some instrument for
his infamous work1 This was the whole cause,
and nothing else. The deceased was to be forced
to acknowledge what thousands and thousands of
persons did not believe to be true.
After some further remarks in which Mr. S very
forcibly commented on the odious practice ot duel-
ling, he referred to some remarks of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Preston,] in which he
dignified the practice as being an institution Now,
if duelling was an institution, he said, they had
another institution at the South—that of slavery—
to which the North  was  equally opposed; and it
■ was worth while to observe how the two institu-
tions flourished together. He asked gentlemen to
consider this, and make the most of it. He
expressed no opinion himself. Mr. S. replied
at length to that part of Mr. Preston's argu-
ment, duelling sometimes prevented a worse state
of things—such as slanderous and abusive lan-
guage, personal violence, &c. and said that they
had a much better institution at the North to prevent
all this, which was their courts of justice, and that
a resort to them was a better vindication of cha-
racter, and better protection against violence, than
a resort to the duel. He concluded, by saying
that he was willing to take the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware, if it was supposed that it
would afford adequate protection to the represen-
tatives of the American people, who were opposed
