f Mr! PRENTISS made a few observations in op-
,' position to the amendment. He did not think the
1 punishment it prescribed sufficient to prevent the
i crime; and he thought it would be partial and un-
f   just in  its operation.    The disqualification as to
office did not apply to members of Congress; and
those who would be most apt to commit the offence
'   would be from those sections of the country where
duelling was tolerated. The amendment would be,
therefore, partial in its operation.
The' Senate then  went into the consideration of
Executive business; after which,
It adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, April 6, 1838.
THE LATE DUEL.
Mr. FAIRFIELD, on leave, presented the fol-
lowing petitions upon the subject of the late duel,
which were referred to the select committee having
that subject under consideration: Thomas J.
Stone, and 91 others, citizens of East Machias ;
Timothy Ludden, and 66 others, citizens of Peru;
and James Lunt, and 66 others, citizens of Peru ;
all in the State of Maine.
Mr. HALL asked leave to submit the following
resolution, but it was objected to:
Resolved, That the select committee appointed
on the 27th of February last (in addition to any le-
gislative measures they may think proper to lecom-
mend for the suppression of duelling) be instrpcted
to inquire into the expediency of providing, by a
rule of the House, for the expulsion of any member.
■vi ho, during the term for which he is elected, shall
be concerned in a duel, either as principal or acces-
sory, or who shall send, bear, or accept a chal-
lenge; and further to inquire into the expediency of
providing by another rule of the House for the ap-
pointment, at the commencement of each session,
of a standing committee, whose duty it shall be,
t without special direction from the House, to exa-
mine summarily into any personal controversy
arising between members, or in which a member is
a party; and if necessary to the adjustment thereof,
to report to the House what order, in their opinion,
ought to be taken on the same, providing in such
rule for the expulsion or other punishment of any
member who shall neglect or refuse to comply with
such order as the House may make in the premises.
Pelitions for private claims were, on leave, pre-
sented by Messrs. SERGEANT and HEROD.
Mr. CAMBRELENG moved that a member be
appointed on the. Committee of Ways and Means,
to supply the vacancy, occasioned by the decease
of the late Hon.IsAAcMcKiMjwhich was agreed to.
Reports from committees.
COMMERCE.
Mr. PHILLIPS reported a bill for the relief of
Robert Milnor.
Mr. PHILLIPS reported a íesolution directing
the chart to be lithographed of the survey of the
harbor of Lynn, in the Slate of Massachusetts;
which was concurred in.
Mr. CUSHMAN reported Senate bill, without
amendment, authorizing the sale of certain real
estate at Bath, in the State of Maine, belonging to
the United States.
Mr. C. al?o moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of two me-
morials—one from the Mayor, Aldermen, and
Commonalty of the city of New York, and the
other from the City Council of the city of Boston,
praying Congress to adopt measures to prevent the
introduction of foreign paupers into the country,
and that the same be referred to the Select Com-
mittee of the House having a similar subject under
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH reported a bill making appropria-
tions for building light-houses, boats, buoys, bea-
cons, &c. and making surveys for the year 1838.
Mr. S. also reported a bill to test the practica-
bility of establishing a system of electro-magnetic
telegraphs for the United States.
Mr. DeGRAFF reported, without amendment,
Senate bill for the relief of John H. Jacobs.
On motion of Mr. DeGRAFF, the report of the
War Department on the survey of Eighteen-mile
Creek, on Lake Ontario, was ordered to be printed,
together with the accompanying map.
coyeiiEssiaitM; mmm.
Mr. MASON of Virginia reported a bill for the
relief of Thomas Cus-hing.
PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. CASEV reported a bill granting a bounty
in land to the organized militia men, mounted
militia men, mounted men and rangers, who de-
fended the country in the late war with' Great
Britain.
Mr. YELL reported a bill for the relief of Abra-
ham Stipp of Indiana.
Mr. CRARY rose and said, that some, three
months ago, the House, authorized the printing of
five thousand extra copies of- the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. He
would be pleased to be informed by some member
of the Committee on the Public Lands, at what
time the document would be laid upon our tables.
Mr. CASEY stated in reply, that it was upon
his motion that the document in question was or-
dered to be printed. It was a matter in which he
had felt some interest,- and he had this morning in-
quired of one of the officers of the House when it
would be printed, and had been informed that it
would be laid on the tables of members m a few
days It had been delayed on aceount of the num-
ber of maps accompanying the same.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
On this committee being called on for reports,
Mr. WISE rose and begged leave to propound
an inquiry to the chairman thereof. Some weeks
ago, the House referred to that committee a reso-
lution directing them to inquire into the expediency
of receding this District, and this morning he had
received sundry resolutions reported by the Senate
of the State of Maryland, expressing a willingness
to accept the recession, and the inquiry Mr. W.
wished to propound was, whether the committee
had prepared, or were preparing, a report on that
subject, or whether they intended to report thereon;
and if so, when it was probable they would do so.
He would merely remark that it was a subject of
much importance, and one which had already
been gravely discussed by a portion, at least, of
the District.
Mr. BOULDIN stated, in reply, that he had been
compelled to be absent for some time, owing to do-
mestic circumstances, as he had apprised the House
before leaving here. At that time the subject was
under investigation before the committee, and un-
der his own deliberate examination, and he could
only now state that the committee would make a
general response as soon as possible. His own
mind was entirely made up, and he was prepared to
make his individual answer with regard to the pro-
priety of a recession of the District at any time.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. CRAIG reported, without amendment, Se-
nate bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Daniel Duvall, deceased.
Mr. TALIAFERRO reported a bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of Philip Lightfoot.
Mr. T. also reported a bill for the relief of the
widow and children of Lieut. Jonathan Dyer.
Mr. HARPER made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of Thomas Graves and Solomon J.
Graves.
PRIVATE LAND   CLAIMS.
Mr. MAY reported, without amendment, Se-
nate bill ior the rehef of Jean E. Valle.
INDIAN  AFFAIRS.
Mr. PENNYBACKER reported a bill for the
relief of John L. Allen.
MILITARY   ATFAIRS.
Mr. McKAY moved the printing of a plan for
the defence of the western frontier, by General
Gaines, and certain tabular statements in relation
to an increase of the army of the United States;
which was concurred in.
Mr. McKAY also moved that the Committee on
Military Affairs be discharged from the further
consideration of the «solutions of the Governor
and Legislative Council of Florida, respecting the
repairs of Fort Marion and of the sea-wall at St.
Augustine, upon the ground that provision was
proposed to be made for these works m bill No. 89,
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. McKAY also made a repert on the resolu-
tions of the Legislature of South Carolina, respect-
ing the preservation ef Sullivan's Island^ recom-
-    - -   i   -'_____--.rr...    ,      i iMi-r ii i   "frit   n n     i           i>ir    _ —
mending that the appropriation for that object in
bill No. 89 be increased so as to conform it to the
estimates.
Mr. McKAY also made an unfavorable report
on the petition of Sherlock S. Gregory.
-REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. MORGAN reported a bill for the relief of
Henry Bush.
Mr. JOHNSON of Virginia reported a bill
granting a pension to David W. Sleet, of the State
of Virginia.
Mr. WHITTLESEY of Connecticut reported a
bill for the relief of Mary Snow.
PUBLIC   BUILDINGS AND  GROUNDS.
Mr. PRATT reported a resolution to print WOO
extra copies of the report of this committee.
Mr. EVERETT moved us consideration at this
time; but it was objected to, and the resolution,
under the rule, lies over.
Mr. GARLAND moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to submit the following ^solu-
tion, and asked for the yeas and nays, which were
ordered:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform this House, as soon as practica-
ble, whether, in the present financial condition of
the country and of the Treasury, it will not be most
judicioas and proper to make such appropriations as
will preserve the public woiks from injury and di-
lapidation alone; and if such a course will not be
judicious and proper, and then he inform the House
whether some or all the estimates for the service of
the year 1838 already submitted, for fortifications,
the improvement of harbors and rivers, the esta-
blishment of light-houses, beacons, and buoys, the
construction of roads, the service of the Indian
Department, and for all other purposes, cannot
be reduced without injury to the public service;
and if such reduction can be made, that he de-
signate what proposed appropriations may pro-
perly be reduced, and how much ; and further,
that he inform the House whether some of the
appropriations already made may not, without
matenal injury to the country, be suspended for
the presen'; if so, to des'gnate them; also, that he
inform this House whether, if all the appropriations
made are expended, and those proposed are
made, the amount now in the Treasury, or esti-
mated to come into it during the present year,
will be sufficient to meet them; and, if not, what
will be the deficit, and in what manner it is pro-
posed to be met.
The House refused to suspend the rules—yeas
94, nays 55, two-thirds not voting in the affirma-
tive.
Sundry bills from the Senate were then taken up,
read twice, and referred to their appropriate stand-
ing committees.
COMMISSION OF CLAIMS.
The House then passed to the special order, and
went into Committee of the Whole, Mr. CORW1N
in the Chair, on the bill reported by Mr. WHIT-
TLESEY of Ohio, from the Committee on Claims,
"to establish a board of commissioners to examine
and decide certain claims against the United
States."
The bill was sustained by Messrs. WHITTLESEY
of Ohio, HENRY, CRAIG, and UNDERWOOD,
and opposed by Messrs. ADAMS and SER-
GEANT; when, without taking the question, the
committee rose, had leave to sit again, and, on
motion of Mr. WHITTLESEY of Ohio, the bill
was made the special order for to-morrow.
On motion,
The Iloioe adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, April 6, 1838.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Israel
Beeler, in relation to a mill seat in the public
lands: referred to-the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. SEVIER presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Arkansas on the subject of the pub-
lic lands: laid on the table, and o/dered to te
printed.
On motion of Mr. WRIGHT, the Committee
on Finance was discharged from the further con-
