CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
the friends of the bill would consent to. a postpone-
ment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama was not disposed to
hurry the measure, and was willing to postpone it
for any reasonable time. While up, he would
reply to some remarks made by the Senator from
Kentucky. The gentleman said that the bill was
to legislate away hundreds of millions---------
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky.   I will prove it.
Mr. CLAY or Alabama replied that he chal-
lenged him to the proof, and would be glad to see
how the gentleman would do it. The bill extended
only to 71,000,000 of acres and a fraction, about
one-half of which must have been in market and
subject to private entry, at $1 25 per acre, for
fifteen years and upwards, and would not bring
that, while the greater part of the «ther half was
ascertained to be of little value or unfit for cultiva-
tion. Under the provisions of the bill as it now
stood, he said not an acre could be sold for less
than fifty cents. He submitted to the Senate, there-
fore, whether it was not very extravagant to say
that hundreds of millions, or even fifty or forty
millions, of acres, or dollars, were involved in this
measure? Why, sir, the Government has not sold
from the very commencement to the 30th of Sep-
tember last, but about 75,000,000 of acres out of
172,374,470 acres offered for sale, in all; and
the whole amount received from purchasers has
been but about $106,000,000; and those sales have
included, too, he most fertile and valuable lands—
those of Mississippi and Louisiana, producing cot-
ton, sugar cane, &c. How strange, then, the asser-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky! The last
clause of the bill did not propove that the lands
should t>5 reduced to fifty cents till it had been
offered for seventeen years m the market He
could not, therefore, imagine how Ihe Senator
came to the conclusions he did, and he hoped that
no one would be frightened by his portentous fore-
bodings. With the consent of the Senate, he
would agree that the bill be laid over till the clay
after to-morrow, when the honorable Senator might
have an opportunity of being heard. He would be
glad, however,,to have the bill printed as amended.
Mr..CLAY of Kentucky said he did not mean 10
enter into an argument with his honorable name-
sake at the present time. He wished a full Senate
before he went into an examination of this mea-
sure, and, when the time eame, he would prove all
that he had said. He would propose that the bill
be postponed till Wednesday next.
Mr, CSL'AY of'Alabama assented, and the bill
was postponed to", ana made the ordi-r of the day
for, Wednesday next.
The bill in addition to the act supplementary to
the act to establish the northern boundary line of
Ohio, and to provide for the adnwssion of the State
of Michigan into trie Union on certain conditions,
was taken up, and warmly supported by Messrs.
LYON, NORVELL, SEVIER, and TIPTON, and
opposed by Messrs. CLAY, CRITTENDEN,
WALKER and DAVIS.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to postpone ths bill
until the 31st clay of December next, avowing him-
self, at the same time, friend ly to it; and that he
will be willing to vote for it when better times
came; but, in the present embarrassed state of the
Treasury, he thought the strictest economy neces-
sary, and therefore could not iote for the bill.
After some remarks from Mr. CALHOUN in
favor of the motion, and from Mr. NORVELL and
TIPTON against it, the question was taken, and
the "motion was agreed to—yeas 23, nays 11 :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis,
Hubbard, Lumpkin, Merrick, Montón, Nicholas,
Kites, Prentiss, Rives, Roane, Strang?, Swift, Trot-
ter, Walker,  While, Williams, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Fulton, Grundy Lyon, Norvell,
Rohiwacm, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indians, Tip-
ton, Wall, and. Young—11.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUS&.OF REPRESENTATIVES,
• . Twbbwy, April 10,1838.
Petitions were, on. leave, presented by Mr. SAW-
YER of Nor* Carolina,  and Mr. CRAIG of
Virginia.
. DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.   .
Mr. BOULDtN, from the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported a bill for the erection of
a Court House at Alexandria, in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. B. also moved th3t this committee be
discharged from the further consideration of the
resolution inquiring into the expediency of receding
the District of Columbia, and that the subject, with
a report thereon, be laid on the table.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to postpone it till to-
morrow, oh the ground that the gentleman who
introduced the resolution [JVIr. Wise] was not then
in his seat.
Mr BOULD1N signified his assent, and the sub-
ject was postponed accordingly.
Mr. DAWSON, from the fame committee, re-
ported Senate bill, with sundry amendments, to
amend the act of 31st May, 1832, respecting en-
rolling conveyances, etc.
The amendments were concurred in, and the bill
ordered to a third reading, read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. THOMAS moved that the anti-duelling bill
of the Senate be referred to the select committee on
the subject of duelling, instead of the Committee
on the Judiciary, to which it had seen referred yes-
terday; which was agreed to.
Mr. INGHAM, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief ol Gratian
Ray.
Mr. HOWARD moved that the vacancy on the '
Committee on Foreign Affairs, occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Patton, be filled; which was
ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON of Virginia, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill
granting a pension to Samuel Hatten, of the State
of Virginia.
Mr. fJEROD, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill granting a pension to John
Brown.
Mr. CHILDS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill foi the relief of
William A. Cuddeback.
Mr. ALLEN of Vermont, from the Committee
on Invalid Pensions, made several unfavorable
reports, and against the proposition to extend the
pension act of 1837.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the map accompany-
ing ihe President's Message, on the subject of a
canal communication across the Isthmus of Pa-
nama, be printed; which ivas agreed to.
On motion of Mr. C. SHEPARD, the chart of
Gore sound, North Carolina, was ordered tobe
lithographed on a reduced scale.
Mr. JONES of New York, from the Committee
ou. the Territories, reported a bill granting an ap-
propriation for purchasing a law library for the
use of ¡he Court of Appeals and Legislative Coun-
cil of Florida.
Mr. BOND then resumed his remarks on the
subject of a divorce of the public press from the
patronage of the Government, and again gave way
for the orders of the day without concluding.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting reports from the Third Auditor and Commis-
sioner of Pensions, relating to the appointment of
pension agents, the time of their appointment, their
compensation, the bank ; wilh which they are con-
nected, &c; which, on motion of Mr. CU8H-
M AN, was laid on the table.
NAVAL SERVICE.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the "bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for 1838."
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
MONTGOMERY to recommit the bill to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means for the purpose of spe-
cifying the amount required for the South Sea Ex-
ploring Expedition.
Mr. BRONSON, who was entitled to the floor,
entered into a defence of the late and present Ad-
ministrations in relation to thissnbject, and, though
he disclaimed being opposed to the Exploring Ex-
pedition, either the late projected one or another,
he was in favor of having the bill recommitted; be-
cause he thought it proper that the estimates should
■ "■ * ' '"• "" ■' -~? ■ , —- " '■
be furnished, and the sum necessary for carrying it
on mads distinct and separate from the appropria-
tions necessary for. the general service of the
Navy. This was due to the country, for theie
had been upwards of $700,000 already ex-
pended, and the only result was that there
was no longer an Exploring Squadron in.
existence, and the question wa«, should they order
a new one to be filled out? He thought not, espe-
cially in the present embarrassed condition of the
Treasury; and he also doubted whether, in the pre-
sent state of feeling towards the scheme, both
throughout the country and in the navy, any of
those great results aniicipated by its friends would
be produced. By and by, when the present excite-
ment had passed away, such an expedition might
be sent out that would redound to the honor of the
country, and produce very beneficial results; and he
would be willing to sustain it, but this-was not the
proper time. He was satisfied that no results,
commensurate with the expenditure, would ensue
from its sailing now.
Mr. B. also doubted the propriety of the appoint-
ment of Lieutenant Wilkes, not from his want of
skill or experience, but from his being a junior
officer, the effect of which would increase the pre-
sent dissatisfaction and lead to dissensiens. In
reply to the argument that the money already ex-
pended would be so much thrown away, he had
ascertained the loss would not exceed a thouf-and
dollars, for nearly all the articles were required
elsewhere, whereas twenty-five thousand dollars
weuld be wanted to complete the two vessels now
at New York.
Mr B. concluded by suggesting a modification to
secommit the bill, with instructions to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means to report specifically what
would be the additional sum necessary to sustain
the Exploring Expedition over and above what it
would be necessary to keep these vessels in the
service, provided they be employed in the coast
service, or in any other service.
Mr. MONTGOMERY stated that he had pre-
pared a modification to that effect.
Mr. CAMBRELENG suggested to the gentleman
from North Carolina-to withdraw his motion to re-
commit Ihe bill, for Mr. C was prepared, lorg
since, to make a motion to strike out this appropri-
ation altogether, and to discontinue this expedition
in May next. Mr. C. then moved sundry reduc-
tions in the bill, amounting in the agrégale ta
$192,000, remarking that this would bring the
House to a direct vote whether they would er would
not continue the Exploring Expedition.
Mr. MONTGOMERY withdrew his motion,
with the distinct undestanding, as he stated, that a
direct vote be taken on the continuance or discon-
tinuance of this expedition.
Mr. BRONSON disapproved of the motion of
his colleague, because it contemplated a positiva
discontinuance of the expedition.
Mr. MERCER expressed his regret at the ceurse
proposed by the gentleman from New York, whoss
motion was pending.
Mr. CAMBRELENG explained that the motion
was not his own, but was made by him to bring the
House to a direct vote. He was understood fur-
ther to say that he should vote against it himself.
Mr. MERCER continued, and went on to show
ihe importance of the proposed expedition, and to
argue against employing ihe vessels as a coast suk-
veying squadron, because a triangular survey
should first be completed. He was warmly in
favor of the Exploring Expedition, and remarked
that the only question was whether the present Ad-
ministration were competent to carry it into execu-
tion. For himself, he did not heliev* that, take the
whole of them together, with the President and
Cabinet, they all had capacity sufficient to furnish
instructions for it. Still he was unwilling, even
in view of this fact, that the honor of the country
should be tarnished by an abandonment of the
scheme. Mr. M. concluded, by defending the
cbaracteripf Commodore Jones.
Mr. BRONSON disclaimed having, in the re-
motest degree/intended to cast the slightest impu-
tation upon the character and conduct of Commo-
dore Jones; both of which, once for all, he pro-
nounced to be, in his opinion, unexceptionable.
