m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Mr. CRARY dtd not see what the character of
Commodote Jones had to do with the question un-
der consideration, though, if it should be gone into,
Mr. C, should dissent from much oí the eulogy he
had heard. The history of the events de-
monstrated that, through the agency of this vei y
gentleman, the whole design and intention of
Congress had been changed, from an exploring
to a scientific expedition, when the latter object
should have been an incidental one At all events,
the failure had grown out of the collision between
Commodore Jones and the Head oí the Navy De-
partment, though Mr. C. considered the latter to
be no head at all, for he was utterlv unfit for the
station he occupied. The responsibility oí the
failure lay with both of them, but the immediate
preparation* with Commodore Jones, under whose
superintendence and dnection vessels were con-
structed, which he had represented to be well quali-
fied tor the seivice, when they had turned outto be
unfit.
Mr. C. -as opposed to the expedition onginally,
but he was not now inclined to desert it, and as
the reasons were stronger that it should sail than at
first, from the amount of money expended, he
hoped it won d continue, and should vote for it
Mr. MALLORY moved to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following words
"And that no pprt of the money appropriated in
this bill shall, after the first of May nevt, be ap-
plied to the use of the South Sea Expedition until
the further action of Congiess."
Mr. MONTGOMFRY accepted this as a modi-
fication.
Mr. WISE then addressed the House at length
m opposition to the continuance of the expedition,
and in a review of the circumstances which had
produced its failure
Mr. REED followed in support of the expedition.
Mr CUSHMAN then demanded the previous
question, but it was not seconded, only 36 voting
for it.
Mr. SERGEANT was warmly m favor of the
expedition, and went into an examination of the
causes of its failure, which he ascribed wholly to
the Executive Department, and of a piece with the
mode in which it had managed all the other afFaiis
entrusted to it, such as the Florida war, the Trea-
sury buildings, &c. With reference to the mone>
already expended, he regarded it as nothing Kin-
pared with the dishonor that would befal die coun-
try upon the abandonment of the pioject, inde-
pendent of the great injustice of having called a
number of individuals 1 rom their private stations,
and then turning them off
Mr. MONTGOMERY asked foi the)e„sand
nays on the amendmi-nl, which were ordeie 1, and
were—yeas 57, nays 91.
So the amendment was not agreed u.
Mr. CAMBEELENG then submitted two or
three verbal amendments; which were agreed to
Mr. WISE suggested to some one in favor of the
expedition, for he would hot move it himself, io
move the insertion of a provision m the bill, ?s the
House had determined upon tne continuing  of the
expedition, limiting the time within which it shall
saii. Fix any reasonable time, say three moi ihs,
or six, or twelve, or two years, or even thiee, but
in the name of sense, m the name ot economy, he
did hope the House would limit the peuod
Mr. MALLORY then moved the follow mg pro-
viso:
" Provided, That, m officering the exp'ormg
squadron, for which appropnat ons are herein
made, the law of the 25th of Febiuary, 1799, be
not violated in any of its provision". "
Mr M caused an extract of the law to be read
as explanatory of his object, which wa , that nine
under a captain could be appointed to the com-
mand of vessels of war, over a certain number of
guns
The amendment was rejected
The bill was then ordered to ber ad i ,hnd time
to-morrow.
On motion,
The House adjourned
IN SENATE,
TticsDYY, April 10, 1838.  -
The CHAIR communicated a repoit from the
War Department, containing the information m re-
lation to the payment of pensions required by the
resolution of the 5lh ultimo laid on the table and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented a petition signed by nu-
meious inhabitants of Mauonand Shelby counties,
Missoun, asking for a post route from Palmyra to
Shelbyville, by Oakdale and New Market: relerred
to the Committee o i the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Fran«is Bouchier, praying
confirmation of a lot of ground m the town ot
Peoria, State of Illinois relerred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims
Also, from many nidn iduals in Missouri, asking
for a remov al of the land o/fice fiom St. Louis to
Potosí, which they say would be more central and
convement lor the peopk reiened to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
Mr. PULTON presented the resolutions of the
Leirislatuie of Aikansa1, instructing their Senators
and requesting their Repiesentatives m Congiessto
use then exertions to piocure the passage ot a law
for the continuation of Spanish grants to land-10-
fentd to ihe Committee on Prívale Land Claims
All F also presented the petition of sundry citi-
zens ol Rio Hondo, m Louisiana, praying a con-
firmation of title to then lands releued to the same
tommiltee
Mi BUCHANAN" piesented the jietitioa ofsun-
diy cituens of Pennsylvania, against the passage
ot the international copy right law referred to the
Committee on Patents
Mi SWIFT presented the petition of Betsey
Booth, prajing for a pension, which was refeired
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr TIPTON presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of Indiana, piayingforagiant of land
to open a canal relerred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals
Mr BUCHANAN presented thr petition ofsun-
diy citizens of Lancaster, Pennsylvania, on the
subject ol da 'h ig, n hu h was laid on the table
Mr ALLi"Vprc enud the petition of John Elli-
ott, piaj.ng i omiicns.uion for a horse lost m the
strviciol the U.i ted States referred to the Com-
mittee Oil   ( i   illls
Mr LL\N, from the Committee on Private
T and Chiras, mide in adverse report on the peti-
tion of the heirs of John Law.
Mr NICHOLAS, horn the Committee on the
Dis'nct of Columbia to which had been refened
the memorial of the ptesideut and directors of the
Bank of Alexandria, repoited a bill to extend the
,imc allowed them foi winding up their affairs lead
and ordeied to a second reading
Mr YOUNG, liom the Committee on Claims, to
which hid been  relerred the bill horn the House
loi tht i dief of---------llairis, reported the same
with amendment'5, which were read
Mr LINN, from ihe Committee; on Private
Land CI ims, to which was referred the netition of
Ro well L Colt mil others,praying for the pissagr1
of a Uw to (nab <• ihun to mst lute proceedings in
theciiiru oftheLn led States to emule them to try
the validity of tru ir el urns to lands ¡n Missouri and
Arkansas, reporta! a. hi'l fir that purpose, which
was read and oidered to a second reading
The b II to aulhen/e the issuing a patent to the
hens and legal representatives of Francis Rivard,
decease 1, was, ¿ftrrsome lemarks from Mr LÍNN,
read the third tim" and passed
The resolution submitted by Mr DAVIS some
dais ago, calling on the Secretaiy of War for a re-
port relative to the building and employment of
steam batteries for coast defence and how fpr the
same ran advantageously be substituted for forts,
was taken up, and, after some remarks from Messrs
DAVIS and BENTON, adopted
On motion of Mr HUBBARD, the bill for the
íenef of Bolitha Laws was taken up, when
Mr H noied to postpone the bill indefinitely,
and, af er a debate, in which the motion was
suppoitfd by Messrs HUBBARD, TIPTON,
WHITE aid PRENTISS, and opposed bv Messrs
ROANE RIVES and WRIGHT, the motion was
carried—j eis 32, nays 5, as follows
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Cal-
houn, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Davis, Fulton,
Grundy, Hubbard, King, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mon-
tón, Ndes, Norvell, Pearce, Prentiss, Robinson,
Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Strange, Swift, Tipton, Trotter, Wall,
White, Williams, Wright, and Young—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Crittenden, Merrick, Nicholas,
Rives, and Roane—5.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Georgetown, D. C, and of that
part oí Washington county west oí Rock creek,
praying for a retrocession to the State of Mary-
land: referred to a select committee of five.
On motion of Mr. KING,
The Senate went into the consideration of Exe-
cutive business! after which,
It atljourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, April 11,1838.
RETROCESSION OF THE DISTRICT.
The first business m order, was the report of the
Committee tor the District of Columbia against
the e xp< diency of a retrocession of the District.
Mr. BOULDIN said the report of the committee
and motion liad been yesterday, at the request of
his colleague [Mr Hopkins,] postponed for his
colleague [Mr. Wise,] who had moved the original
resolution, until this morning. He did not see his
colleague m his seat, and was willing, if he had
the powsr to postpone the subject still, to do so
again, until the mover [M. Wise,] came in.
Mr ADAMS said there were many subj'ects
that this House did not choose to debate, and abo-
lition was one of them. That question would
come up if the report of the committee and motion
of the chairman should be debated. He wished
the question taken then—
The SPEAKER said the motion was not de-
bafeable
Mr. BOULDIN rejoined. The committee in-
ended to avoid a debate on abolition m asking to
be discharged from this
The SPEAKRR said the question was not de-
bateable.
Mr BOULDIN said he moved to lay the resolu-
tion and report on the table.
The motion was agreed to, and the subject laid
on the table.
At- a subsequent stage,
Mi. WISE appealed to some gentleman who had
voied in favor of this motion, to move a reconside-
ration, m order that a motion might be made to
commit it to a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union In his opinion, a majority of
Congress would be found to differ with the Com-
mittee for the District
Mr BOULDIN, on leave, made an explanation.
He had proposed, he said, to waive making the
motion till his colleague was in his seat, but it was
objected to. His colleague knew that Mr. B was
willing, m the House and out of the House, that the
subject of abolition should be argued, and that the
peopl" snould be fullj and correctly informed of all
in relation to ti, and that he had yielded that opi-
nion, openly expressed, to the will of his constitu-
ents, as he believed their opinion to be, and of all
the South and his friend?, and the lepeated expres-
sion solemnly made of me opinion of this House,
contrary to his own known opinion; for he
thought the South ought to know their whole
danger, but the opinion ot the South generally,
however expressed, had been different—that
of the House was different. He believed his
constituents thouiht differently, and the committee
over which b *• had the honor to preside, desired
that he should ask to be discharged, with a view to
avoid discussion on the subject of abolition, and
he felt bound, under the circumstances, to hold on
to the motion, and decision to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER here interposed, and reminded
the gentleman that the motion was not debateable.
Mr BOULDIN resumed his seat
Mr WISE would state that his object was to put
this question to rest, and he appealed to Southern
gentlemen to sustain him in the motion he should
make.
Mr. HARLAN then made the motion solicited
